They lay there for a few minutes, heartbeats slowing, then Dean pushed himself up. He threw away the condom, and Castiel pushed himself over onto his back, stared up at the ceiling. Dean collapsed back down next to him with a sigh, the bed creaking. Castiel’s skin was cooling, but his heartbeat had quickened again. Through the walls, he could hear a TV playing in another room, muffled music and laughter.
. But goddammit, he’d always been too stubborn, and he loved Dean, and part of him had hoped, no matter how foolish, that Dean might feel the same way. Dean had driven four hours in the dead of night to see him, Dean had called to tell him his mom had died, Dean had said there was no one else, Dean had been his constant for seven years, and all that, it had to add up to something, didn’t it?
Nodding, Cas stood and offered his hand. Dean knocked it aside. “I’m not fucking old.” Pushing himself to his feet, he winced at the twinge in his back and, seeing Cas bite back a smile, told him, “Shuddup.”
“Uh, yeah.” He walked to the TV and picked up the channel guide, stared at it though he wasn’t really seeing the words written on the glossy pages. “Um, I was thinking.” Better to just say it now. It wasn’t such an absurd thought, Dean might have even considered it before.
He had long resigned himself to a life of weakened grace, of eventual humanity. A future not too bleak—he had admired humanity for centuries now, always distantly. While his fellow angels may have viewed humans as inferior, he considered the chance of becoming one of them an honor.
ty for reading! im excited to share the epilogue with you all next week; these characters are always telling me what they want to do and say, and i can only follow their lead. hope you enjoyed this chapter!
It was good Castiel would be sent to Earth, Hariel thought. He would cause quite a disturbance in Heaven with his appearance. Why Naomi insisted they find Castiel, no matter the cost, was beyond her—but she should be content as Zadkiel was without all the answers. The perfect angel: knowledgeable of God’s will and firm in obedience. Clearly the opportunity for Castiel to be such an angel was lost. She hoped one day to become one.
Cas sniffled. "That's ridiculous. Everyone knows Atlantis was formed by—" He was interrupted by a yawn, and Dean made a mental note to return to that subject later.
“Damn it,” Dean muttered.  “I just dealt with werewolves.  I’m really not in the mood to deal with a lazy shapeshifter.”
Since no one was available for conversation, Dean decided to just enjoy the day.  Baby was setting a brisk pace and he was sure they would reach the tourney grounds by midafternoon.  The countryside was a pleasant change after so many days in the forest.  The forest had been nice enough, but it had been dim during the day and near pitch black at night.  Dean had only lit one fire the entire time.  He’d quickly put it out, he had the distinct feeling the trees did not approve.  Instead he and Baby had pushed themselves a little harder to get out from under the trees as quickly as possible.
The man bowed slightly to Cas.  “The elders don’t want to bother him.  He is a busy man.  We haven’t sent for a hunter because we have so little money.”  He turned back to Dean. “But you Sir.  You could help us.  Please.  I would go myself, but I have a small son and I am no fighter.”
“Would you prefer to be at home with mother?” Gabe asked.  “Where you both could be getting on each other’s nerves?”
He snatched up his jacket and head toward the garage.  Despite how sure Luke was, Dean knew he was wrong.  Cas wasn’t his boyfriend.  But the more he thought about it, Dean realized he wanted the witch to be right.
Castiel had a seat of honour next to Charlie during the ceremony.  Dean looked amazing while the king bestowed the honour of being the princess’ champion on him.  His armour had been polished so it shone.
The wizard blinked out of sight.  Dean was disappointed.  There was no smoke, no ravens flying away, no gouts of flame.  Just empty air where the wizard had stood.
“He abandoned our father to die while he went and danced with demons.  I will not forgive him for that.”
Dean’s clothes had not fully dried by the time they were ready to turn in for the night.  Cas had threatened him with dire magical consequences if he even thought about trying to put them on until they were fully dry.  Dean had chuckled and wanted to know what these dire consequences would be.  Cas only narrowed his eyes and only said “feathers”.  He would not elaborate no matter how much Dean pleaded.
“That’s good,” Dean replied.  “That would make me sad.  Do you have any water?  I meant to ask, but you were busy with super wizardy stuff.”
The demon’s pained cry had been loud.  Louder than his own.  In the past he had seen Cas smite.  Seen the righteous wrath of the angel directed toward some foe that had harmed him or Dean before.  Sam had never seen anything vaporized before.  The demon was briefly outlined in a flash of light and then all that was left was the knife it had been holding.  There hadn’t even been any ash as the knife clattered to the ground.
“That’s because he is.  He hasn’t hurt anyone.  If someone kills him it’ll leave a dark stain on their soul.”
She gently pushed against the side of her throne.  A panel swung away to reveal a small compartment.  Inside were all manner of small objects.  Crystals, twigs, half a bird’s nest.  All of them had been gifts she had received over the years.  The one she was seeking was near the front of the compartment.
Rowena was also very talented when it came to healing.  She was also a witch, which had concerned Dean greatly at first.  Witches did not have good reputations.  Cas calmed him down with reassurance.  Raphael had bluntly told him that Dean couldn’t afford any more stupidity and that antagonizing his caregivers was not a good idea.  For her part, Rowena didn’t seem to hold his assumptions about her against him.  She carried out the tasks that Raphael assigned her regarding his care with the same efficiency that she had before he knew about her being a witch.
Benny snorted, glancing back at Castiel as he followed Dean up the hill. “Sure got that angel on a leash, don’t you?”
“Yeah.” Another clink, then something like liquid pouring. He was drinking, Castiel realized. Dean had called him because he was drunk. “Not driving again for, uhh, three more days? Heading out to Kansas. When are you going out?”
Dean rolled his eyes and Zara motioned around the room. “As you can see, we’ve brought quite a few things. Would you mind having your attendants show mine to the cookery? We brought food for a feast.”
The air in Purgatory was changing. Becoming sharper, almost. Chilly. On Earth, snowflakes might drift from the sky, frost might crown the grass and leaves in the morning. Here, though, the only change in the natural state was in the temperature.
Following, Castiel noticed that his vessel’s legs were tired. Not enough to warrant panic, but enough to make him concerned. How long had he been in this place? The monsters, they seemed to grow only stronger, more honed into their animalistic sides the longer they stayed here. He, however, seemed only to grow more sluggish and weak. How long he could last here without losing all semblance to an angel? How long could Dean last here before he became one with the monsters around him?
“Dean,” he said, reaching out to clutch onto Dean’s jacket. “They’re here.” He scanned the forest around them again. “They’re here, I’m sorry.”
“I got you! Hold on!” Dean started to pull him towards the portal and for a brief moment, Castiel’s heart soared with the thought that it might work, that he might allow Dean to save him.
Dean nodded once. “Good.” Letting go of him, he headed over to Benny. Perhaps a purposeful act to show he
Worry, fear in those green eyes. They’d stared back at him the same way when Leviathan dripped from Castiel’s lips, wormed its way up his throat.
Cas nodded and Dean let his eyes run over him. He’d be lying if he said if he hadn’t been hoping to see Cas again soon. He hadn’t planned on making a habit out of hooking up in the odd times they ran into each other, but he saw Cas infrequently enough and—as evidenced by Cas joining in on a fight he knew nothing about just to help him—the guy was good people. Not to mention he wasn’t so bad in bed.
The water rushed around him, past his calves, his thighs, to his waist. Memories flooded him of souls eating him from the inside, limbs controlled by something loud and tormentous, grace choked by black ooze, sinking under water.
Once he flew over arid desert and lush hills. Once, he flew among the stars, wound his form around star dust, felt the tremor of new planets being birthed, particles colliding. Once, he felt power warm his vessel’s palms, the ability to fully heal, restore, soothe.
Offering his hand, Dean pulled Benny to his feet. “Everyone cool?” he asked. “No one’s hurt, I’m fine.”
“Yes, in eons and eons. And I will spend that time here, paying penance.” He leaned a twig against the tower.
Reaching over, Cas rubbed his back in small circles and Dean leaned back into his hand. “We did all we could, Dean.”
Dean thought, catching himself from falling. Before Cole could make another move, he swung at him. His fist connected with the guy’s jaw, then the second man, who’d been hanging back, grabbed him, pulling his arm back.
“That’s my second favorite!” He started jumping from one colored tile to the next. “And the T-Rex. That’s Dee’s favorite. And Dad likes the steg-a-sore-us.” He peered up at her. “Did you know he got to see dinosaurs? Right in front of him!”
“Nah, if you swing it the way you do, takes more effort to cut through something, like a neck. Gotta put your core into it.”
“Just a few things,” Dean said, and then he was leaning in and Castiel was meeting him in the middle and they were kissing, Dean bringing one hand to Castiel’s cheek, his stubble rough under his palm.
Sunlight glinted off the metal locks on the trailer Cas was pulling. It was strange, driving behind Cas like this. Usually they passed each other in a blur on opposite sides of wide highways.
“Which one do you want to try first?” Cas asked Jack, who took a moment to study the pretzels before pointing to the purple and pink one—or what was once those colors but had now taken on a more bloody appearance.
That was why Dr. Shurley had the air of someone who’d experienced those events firsthand, and not just learned in a lecture hall. He’d lived through those times. He was his own walking artifact.
“Oh, don’t we know it, bud.” Gabriel chewed with faux-solemnity. “I think he was pertaining to himself.”
“Well, pink represents heartfelt emotion, and purple a desire to be understood,” he divulged, a small smile playing on the corner of his lips. “Though I’m having some trouble procuring purple hydrangeas. I think they’re eluding me on purpose.” He chuckled.
When the fuzzy-haired girl had exhausted the swing and climbed off, she ran straight into Dean’s slight arms, chattering “thank you” and “that’s the best fun I ever had” and “it felt like flying” rapidly.
Dean’s shoulders relented at Castiel’s semi-admittance, and even Garth paused to watch the exchange, both in vigilance and curiosity. “Only one way to find out.”
Before Dean met Benny, he traveled to random places, staying only for about a year and working menial jobs that pay enough. Usually, he would find a lover within that timeframe, not purposefully. But it had never worked out for long, and Dean had constantly questioned if it was him.
When he withdrew, Dean’s face was red, highlighting his freckled skin. “Was that okay?” asked Castiel.
If Dean wasn’t bone-tired and head screwed nine ways to Sunday, he’d have probably joked about it; teased Castiel for sounding so couth that would subsequently only turn into a fight. But he was. So instead he rolled a shoulder that didn’t quite seem as nonchalant as he intended it to be. “Guess you owe me one.”
When it was about 1 a.m., they were taking turns yawning, and with a bleary blink, Castiel saw Dean rubbing his hands together and stashing them inside his jacket pockets.
, agent, not had. It’s still out there and I believe in your abilities to locate it,” he said tersely.
Castiel nodded amusedly. “He mostly kept it at first when he had been building the University of Kansas from the ground—and around Bobby’s sapling.”
It was Castiel’s lead after all, and Dean would gladly let the events tonight unfold as they were. He found himself bending suspiciously easy to Castiel’s will since he moved in.
“Quit justifying my actions!” growled Dean, just a little alarmed that earlier today, the tables were turned. “Can’t change what I did.”
He took a deep breath. “No, he—he didn’t do. . . whatever you’re thinking about. But he, um, yeah. He threw a fit when I asked about the trip,” muttered Jack.
“A two-day drive, I think. It would be an awesome road trip,” he urged, a smile playing on his lips. And how could Castiel deny him? “I’ll talk to Gabriel about it.”
“There you go,” she had said, hands still on Dean’s. His eyes slowly turned from surprise to one of elated, and Lisa wasn’t given a second’s notice before a shot of exhilaration, which could only be described as sheer pleasure, ran up her spine and settled in her chest. She gasped at the tingle making its home at her heart. It was easily the most indulgent moment of her juvenile life, and she sighed contentedly with a pleased smile at her lips.
Dean Winchester stood in all his suited glory and closed the door behind him, a folder in his left hand.
Dean was confused. “Aren’t you coming?” Gabriel shook his head with a grin. “Nah, I have a lecture to get to. Tell my dad I said hi. Would do him some good to remind him he has children,” he snorted, then gave Dean a lopsided smile. “Hope you find what you’re looking for.”
When those familiar freckles and lush eyes, this time with a denim jacket, got up the stage, a guitar in his hand, the hippopotami in Castiel’s stomach roared unintelligently.
Dean would quip about his entering into ‘Professor Mode’ but he himself was struck. “You mean that lecture you had this morning—that essay you made them do—that wasn’t trying to get them think, I don’t know. . . cynical?”
Gabriel’s eyes glinted mischievously, much like the expression that had been preserved in his father’s portrait. “Sorry, Dean-o, that I can’t help you with.”
“Holy shit!” Dean gave a pointed jolt at the scene, jarring Castiel into wakefulness after his head thumped the wall at Dean’s sudden movement.
that beautiful specimen, Castiel?” Rowena inquired, her elbows on the table and fingers entwined below her chin, sporting a teasing smile.
“Even if you might think it trivial,” Castiel added. Dean’s lips quirked. “Or if you need a babysitter.”
Dean shot him a dangerous glance. “And what do you know about love, huh? You’ve never been in love yourself. How could you know?”
“You know, Cas, I’m gonna run out of bars to hustle pool from,” Dean said after their switch of subject from subject.
Much to his astonishment, Dean agreed. Well, he was grouchy about it, mumbling about how he’d be cheating on his Baby, but he nonetheless gave the green light without a fight. Pleased, Castiel slid into the driver’s seat and Dean on shotgun, already foreseeing all of the places he wanted to take Dean to.
When they reached the approximate center of the area, it was almost 6 p.m. They covered the ground with the blanket, and Dean placed the wicker basket in the middle. After they sat down on crossed legs, he opened the flap of it and brought out the Roadhouse sandwiches, the beers along with the plates and utensils, leaving the still-warm apple pie for later. Nothing says Independence Day like apple pie.
and below a detailed account of its history. And golden barricade stanchions stood sentinel within a feet at every side of it.
“If you think I don’t trust you by now, Dean, then I must be doing something wrong with this friendship thing.” He chuckled.
When Dean pulled over at the front of Castiel’s house and walked up to the door, the empty driveway that he just noticed struck him as odd. His new friend wasn’t in his office, and Castiel wasn’t really a going-out type, so Dean had thought he’d be home.
Ash had owed his professor a favor for not ratting him out to his superiors when he caught him doing favors for his fellow classmates. Nothing illegal, but still somewhat dishonest. Castiel had seen potential in the young man and good-naturedness in his eyes, so if he were to continue his extracurricular activities without hurting or exploiting anyone, then Castiel could turn a blind eye for the man in a mullet.
He caught the man’s eyes from across the table and swallowed. “I got a big mouth.” Castiel only shook his head, his plate of double-bacon cheeseburger with a side of chili fries still untouched. He looked at it as though it was speaking a foreign language.
There in the printed photo from a surveillance camera was Castiel in the third floor hallway of the Singer Hall, holding the knob of his door to a close, his other hand clutching his temple severely, head faced to the end of the corridor where the stairs were located. He was wearing his favorite brown overcoat, and the unmistakable timestamp at the lower right corner had his mouth running dry.
It was alright, though, when Dean knew Castiel was giving in to the void, because his body was wavering, sat up on the couch. It was okay because when Castiel let his eyelids droop shut even before Ness finally said, “I think I’ll have a drink,” he slipped onto Dean’s shoulder—well, forearm, really—and Dean didn’t hide the smile this time.
When he was an arm’s reach away from the door, his eyes dropped to his shoes. It seemed like. . . As though he was acting. . .
When they’d finished and Castiel took it upon himself to wash the dishes, Dean asked, “Laundry today?”
They were also opposite in every way; across from each other, one looking to the right and the other to the left, one wearing a trench coat and the other a leather jacket, one couldn’t find love and the other loved one too many, one whose name everybody knew and the other whose name changed every other year, and one spent his entire life trying to discover its meaning and the other to outrun it.
So it had been just Dean’s luck when he found the seat next to him occupied by the reserved but sarcastic-once-you-get-to-know-him teenager.
Dean also wondered how deeply Castiel could make him feel, watching him share his compassion with anyone and anything. But when Castiel rose to his feet, instead of saying something regarding his wretched
He sighed in relief at that, laughing nervously, and Castiel thought—no, no thoughts. If he thought on it, he would just chicken out. So before he could stop himself, he leaned forward and gave Dean a peck on the cheek.
“Yeah, well, I’m gonna win every single game in this joint and I need someone to share the prizes with.”
“No, no, no. Nothing like that.” He chuckled, though wide, reverent eyes remained on Castiel. “I wasn’t sure which I wanted, but now I do.”
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief, because as apathetic as he had been in exposing Dean, if people found photos of him in Singer Hall that unfortunate night after claiming the opposite, he might as well have dug himself his own grave. He valued the chancellor’s trust too much to let that happen.
“Hey, you got this, Dean.” Castiel thumped him on the back, and Dean stole a glance and saw his friend giving him two zealous thumbs-up. His lips quirked at the corner, and he positioned himself once again.
“What did you mean when you said ‘intolerable’?” Castiel finally asked after an hour of uncomfortable silence. Dean darted his eyes to Castiel in recognition. “What d’you mean?”
Dean didn’t expect to find a best friend, but Benny was one of the very few whom Dean truly opened up to.
“Benny, are you seeing this? I can—I’m cured! Benny, do you—?” He stopped when he saw an unmoving body on Benny’s bed, the feeble smile out of place.
Castiel heard groaning in the bustle but all of them placed their papers on his desk and filed out peacefully. When he saw Kevin Tran pass by him, he caught him by the shoulder.
and both wanted to look the other way, but afraid of what would happen if they met each other in the middle.
And Castiel knew then that Dean was wicked. While he was an immortal, it had stemmed from the inability to fall in love with anyone, and everyone’s inability to fall in love with him. But at least he wasn’t preying on innocent people, breaking hearts and taking souls, was that the phrase?
Castiel sealed his open mouth with a tick. He truly thought he had Dean Winchester figured out. But the more he’s giving it time, the more layers he’s peeling off him. And for the first time, what he saw was not displeasing.
Dean felt his heart constrict, the scorch in his head threatening to break free, but he commanded it to shut the hell up.
“I’ll have you know that Charlie decrypted the second of the missing surveillance,” Dean said proudly while they descended the stairs.
When they were high up that they could see the expanse of the fair, Dean noticed that Castiel had a knuckle-white grip on his seat, though his visage was void of any trepidation.
Gabriel pouted exaggeratedly as they all took their usual seats on the dining table, Castiel and Jack across Gabriel and Rowena’s empty chair, respectively.
“Gabe!” Castiel exclaimed, halting his instinct to cover Jack’s ears as Rowena looked on contemplatively then shrugged as though it was
Looking into Castiel’s well-intentioned eyes, Dean let himself feel secure. He felt safe and he didn’t even have to try, because it’s what Castiel naturally elicited in him. No matter what happened, his friend would catch him, so maybe he
“Oh, this is April.” He gestured to the fiery-haired woman with the simpering smile. “Her fundraiser partner, Inias, showed me to their booth. They’re raising money for the Amazon forest fires that happen to occur yearly. It’s a good cause, Dean.”
Castiel scoffed indignantly. “Yes, that would make much more sense, wouldn’t it? If you could actually tolerate your victims?”
Internally calming himself down, he deposited a water bottle in front of Castiel and a soda for him, setting the paper bag aside then taking his seat with a grunt. “You’re welcome, by the way,” he said, gesturing to the meals he’d brought.
Everyone else was tedious. They couldn’t quite tickle his hypothetical funny bone, nor interest him enough to get a second glance. They were messy, hopeless, and annoying. Mediocre. Frankly, they weren’t worth his time. Castiel was exasperated with the expectations of him.
Castiel shook his head helplessly, and Chuck clasped his shoulder solicitously. “We’ll get to the bottom of this. Don’t worry. How long have you been experiencing flashbacks?”
“H-How in the hell. . .” His mouth worked, and it was then that Castiel finally turned his body to Dean.
Gabriel hummed, not quite taken by it, as the chancellor said, “I see. I take it your phone had no service?” He held the phone to Dean, and Dean whipped around to see that his phone was no longer by the floor, but in Chuck’s hand. He took it in bafflement, nodding his head slowly.
It had been a long night, sleep was overdue, and Dean knew he said to himself that Castiel should prepare for Dean Winchester, but Dean had been certainly and utterly unprepared for Castiel Milton.
All of them posited, Rowena raised her drink to the middle of the table, smiling serenely when the three followed. “To family.”
Each alcove was large, and the soft lighting made the place feel like a blast to the past, what with each artifact and antiquity immaculately placed on a plinth or a niche or hung on the wall, with plaques of its brief histories accompanying it.
After that, the air lifted a little, and some intangible barrier between them cracked open, little by little, grit by grit.
Shit. Date? Not a date. Definitely not a date. Right? Could somebody please tell him that they’re not on a date? Or maybe tell him that they
“Hey, I haven’t heard much about Balthazar. How is he?” inquired Dean through a mouthful of pancakes, and Castiel made a face at him. He sheepishly swallowed his food.
“Oh, um,” Dean said, glancing to the back. “There’s a store where you can rent these kinds a' things. All sorts of stuff.”
Balthazar’s eyes widened at the implication, gaping back at the screen before stifling a gasp. “This footage was at the night of the theft? I thought it was erased—”
“Absolutely not a date,” he whispered to himself, eyes shut and a hand disheveling his hair in annoyance.
When Castiel peered closer down by the fissured concrete, he saw a burgeoning stem, barely there, biding its time until it could stand proud beside its valiant friend.
When Dean arrived at the fifth story, he was greeted by a quiet floor. He exited the elevator, and walked to the end of the hall, where a counter was situated and a blonde woman behind it. Probably the secretary.
Castiel gave a patient nod. “All I ask is you look at the house, Dean. This is where you grew up. And though it’s filled with painful memories, it’s a part of who you are. Since you left in ‘39, you’ve been lost. I’m not judging you, nor am I forcing you to subject yourself to more hurt. I’m only saying. . . that you have nothing to be afraid of. If you decide you’re not ready, I will drive us home, and we’ll go back only when you say so.”
Castiel glared at him, and Dean held his glare challengingly in return. When Jenny babbled and clapped her fists at Castiel, the shorter man’s brows unfurled infinitesimally. Castiel slowly let out a breath.
Castiel felt the snort in his brain. “Very funny. I’ll be going to Rome again, for the European Conference.” Jack nodded in understanding. “Well, don’t forget to eat in Rome. God knows you don’t eat enough here.”
Leaving the precinct and a strangely enthusiastic Nancy (“Come again soon, Agent Smith!” Dean had barely stopped himself from saying, “Let’s hope not.”) his phone had pinged, alerting him to an email from Charlie, with a file attachment labeled ‘might help with the case?’ It was the surveillance footage of the fifth floor. Watching it on the small screen of his phone and seeing a familiar face who claimed being home at the time of the incident, he bolted to his car and raced back to the university, not all consciously planning to consort with Castiel.
It was what always reverberated in his head whenever an earthquake occurred, and during stressful nights, and sometimes when he was left to his own devices.
“I’m so sorry to hear that, Dean,” consoled Castiel, eyebrows knitted into a tender frown at Dean’s admission. “That was truly a selfless act, what he did.”
Dean absorbed Castiel’s words attentively, lips quirking at the corner, unable to suppress the urge of his signature flippancy. “Nerd.”
“Lock up, will you, Cassie?” Balthazar called, before the door swung shut and Dean and Castiel were left alone once more.
The next time Dean gave another piece of his soul, it was at about 10 years old and he had been in 5th grade, the dark-haired Lisa Braeden with the warm brown eyes sitting behind him.
A minute passed by, and Dean put on his trusty mixtape, blaring his favorite all-time bands before making a left.
“Three weeks, yes. Not nearly enough time to incorporate everything I want.” He capped the bottle closed, digging into his meal and finding himself smirking.
“Ah, you mean jonquil?” Castiel made for the end of the division where a bunch of yellows clustered together. “The Narcissus jonquilla represents affection, sorrow, or, well. . .”
He was about to reply when Dean continued. “One when I was 6, one when I was 10, and another one at 16. The next was at 19.”
“You were always so dumb, brother,” Benny had chuckled with a wheeze, and Dean hacked in reply, “Says the guy that went groveling back to his ex.”
“First, I mapped out the distance between the university campus and the motel you are staying at—after I found which motel, of course—and that narrowed it down to 14 bars. Crossing off the trendy, ‘hip’ pubs, there were four left. One had no parking space, another was too crowded, and the other was nearest to the motel, and I knew you didn’t have the patience to wait for another 10-minute drive, so.” He took the last gulp of his beer and settled it down the counter with more force than normal.
They didn’t talk about it, but there was a crackle of nervous energy between them, waiting, biding its time until either Dean or Castiel couldn’t cordon it off anymore. It could stand a delay; it had waited this long after all.
“This doesn’t make any sense,” he rasped, taking steps forward with a fretful look. “We are not suffering from soul scarcity. Nor are we in the fringe of it.”
Castiel smiled at him, bumping his fist to the man’s shoulder in a such uncharacteristic way. “You are my first, new friend in a score of years, Dean.”
When the man strode to the passenger door of the car, Dean willed himself to swallow. Crouching down to the height of the car window, Castiel tapped on it with his index finger before waving uncertainly at Dean, his smile unsure.
Dean turned to face Castiel in incredulity. Who knew he could speak Dean? “You kiss your mother with that mouth?”
Dean’s heart fluttered, seeing right through Castiel’s bull. He thrusted his hand in the bag and picked off a piece, tasting it with a grunt of approval. “That’s what I’m talking about.”
. Locking up, he heard some steps behind him and whirled around to see a shy-looking Dean smiling at him, hands in his jacket pockets.
Dean bit his lip unknowingly as he looked on the immortal ushering the indignant Englishman back inside his office with some sort of fondness.
“I mostly perform in small bars during live night. Not much, but I love what I do, you know? I ain’t doing it for the fame. I just want to share what I have to offer.” Dean smiled serenely at him.
Castiel returned his gaze to the game. He cleared his throat first, then said, “You can do this, Dean.”
“If you haven’t noticed, I’m an immortal, too, Dean,” Castiel said with a bit of residual dryness, before hesitating. “Are you. . . having second thoughts?”
It was one thing to have the tenebrous moments of his existence play in his mind like a tape, another thing to have a tempestuous hurt take root in his skull, but it was an entirely different thing to have smothered emotions come springing back to life after centuries buried underwater with only a single, perpetual breath keeping it alive. And like a dam disintegrating, every memory flooded Dean once again in a paroxysm of his throes and mistakes.
The broken glass didn’t shake him, but the following voice did. “No!” it shouted, sounding oddly familiar. . .
“What happened?” asked Castiel softly in shock, and Dean told him about his best friend, Benny Lafitte, the memories as clear as day, unearthed by nature. How he’d met him in a small town called Purgatory in Louisiana seven years after he left Lawrence when his parents had just announced that they were divorcing. It scared Dean how easily he was filling Castiel in on one of the burdensome moments of his life.
“Well we heard and saw quite a lot, just not what about the soul—ow!” Dr. Carroll slapped his arm. “Do you ever shut up, Mick?”
Dean’s eyes lit up, hand immediately going to the fries, but Castiel pried them away from Dean’s reach, albeit playfully. “Get your own, Dean.”
“Shut up.” He yawned, absentmindedly brushing the fur of the stuffed cat, Tuna, beside him on shotgun.
When Gabriel began to get over his shock, his face transitioned into one of mischievous. “Are you sure, Cassie? Because it kinda looked like you spent the night wrapped around each other.”
Castiel had called for the help of a student of his, Ash Lindberg. Ash had magic fingers that could know what you wanted to know or find what you wanted to find.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Castiel continued with his meal, savoring the taste as the clash of silver against ceramic pervaded the room. He hadn’t detected the confused frown on Jack’s face.
“I forgot my pencil,” he had muttered, “I was in a hurry.” His eyes couldn’t quite meet hers and Lisa understood. She gave his shoulder a light squeeze, reassuring and commiserating. Dean relaxed with a sigh. Before he knew it, Lisa had taken her own pencil, still relatively new and lengthy, and broke it in half against her knee.
“Harder, Dean!” Castiel enthused, wearing a hyped grin as he moved to the side to give Dean more leeway, who was, by the way, red-faced at his friend’s words. He strengthened his resolve when he could sense that some people had stopped to watch, and he cracked his neck, then struck.
After a while, Dean turned right then another right and they were back on the road they were before.
And then there were the rumors about the infamous Vagabond. A traveler and generous lover that would seduce men and women, give them the time of their life, make them feel special and adored, and once they had fallen in love with him, he would disappear and leave them in the dust. Cold. Dark. Broken.
“I’m not people, Dean,” Castiel said to his laptop, before realizing what he said and amending it, “What I mean is that I’m not like other people.”
When Dean had called her for help, she hadn’t thought twice about it. She immediately put her typing gloves on.
He drew to a standstill at the sight of an unhinged professor molded into the bannister as though his life depended on it. “Castiel,” he breathed, fighting to maintain his balance against nature’s behest that he fall. He grabbed the wooden handrail, willing his feet to carry him to the man who hadn’t even seemed to notice Dean’s presence.
Dean had already turned when Castiel sighed waspishly. “How about this. Let’s just take my car instead. It’s near here.”
He shook himself out of the words, easily denying where he had heard it before and its relevance to his current predicament.
Dean breathed sharply through his mouth at the implication that this was giving a bad color to him in Castiel’s eyes. “I don’t know, Cas. Don’t care,” he muttered.
He scratched his head cloddishly. “Uhh, yeah, sure. Why not? We got the time. Don’t think I’ll be able to help you much, though. I don’t know nothing about academics. Never went to college. That was my brother, Sammy. Got himself a law degree, the nerd. You two would get along,” he rambled, stopping himself when he realized his own lumbering. “I told you that already. Sorry. Yeah, go ahead.”
. Second after second, he turned giddy and he was staring directly out the car window to gawk at the enormous open area that was dispersed with tents, rides, machines, kiosks, candies, games, you name it—
He still hadn’t replied, so Dean added, “Gabriel mentioned to me that the loss of the artifact had you shaken. Had some special place in your heart?”
Dean shifted uncomfortably. “Agent Dean Smith, sir. I would like to ask some questions regarding the theft.”
Castiel leaned in to whisper. “The Amazon needs your help, Dean. You don’t have to kiss her if you don’t want to. I didn’t.”
And like clockwork, a high-pitched crack resounded from afar, a whooshing noise following immediately, and then the darkness was bathed in dazzling and brilliant electric lights.
“While your theories are no doubt scintillating,” Castiel deadpanned, “I assure you I didn’t steal the Silver Fragment.”
“Yeah.” He chuckled. “Convenient, really. We can take my car and drive somewhere. Is that okay? Or is that too fast?”
Something flashed in Dean’s eyes, but it was gone before Castiel could decipher it. “I told you that, yeah. Why?”
On his way out, he grabbed the standard red-and-white checkered picnic blanket waiting on the top of his couch, which Dean had told him to procure after Castiel asked him what he could contribute to their affair.
Gabriel had his eyebrow risen before advancing on Dean and pulling him all the way to the corner. Dean glanced at the chancellor but he was turned away from him.
There had also been a quivering, nagging sensation that couldn’t be approximated where exactly; he could just feel it. It was familiar, yet entirely different at the same time. It complemented the euphoric bustle, like butter to bread or day to night.
Dean waited for his reaction expectantly as Castiel chewed with deliberation and swallowed. He held Dean’s stare, and took another bite just to make sure. And then coming to a conclusion, he breaks into a small smile, food still lodged between his cheeks. “This makes me very happy.”
He was still admiring the flower, glancing at Castiel as he back-walked to the exit. “Thanks, Castiel.”
“That’s what all of you will answer on a two-page essay to be handed in our next meeting—our last, might I remind you. Cite your sources. And don’t think I forgot about your assignments. Put them on my desk before you go to an early lunch like Pavlovian dogs.”
From then on, Dean had taken up the mantle of designated cook, learning his way through the house and falling into step with Castiel unknowingly. It was now a few weeks since Dean moved in, but it seemed to be forever that he would wordlessly offer Castiel his caffeine on grumpy days, or he and Castiel would automatically curl up on the couch on lazy days for a movie marathon. Or maybe they would clean the house after Dean’s constant nagging on “when was the last time [Castiel] picked up a broom.”
The doorknob twisted, and Castiel heard the creak of the hinges, a footstep after another, and something akin to a rustle of a paper bag.
Dean shoved the phone to him, and there he saw the fifth floor of Singer Hall, vacant at first, but a movement appeared. A hand suddenly popped in the tiny screen by the sill, pushing open the window at the end of the corridor. Castiel’s eyebrows crept upward as he recognized Balthazar, in scruffy sleep clothes, emerging from the aperture, basically crawling into the hallway and landing unceremoniously. He stood up straight, his stare vacuous, as he ambled to the nearest door and attempted to pry it open. When it didn’t budge, he abandoned it, stiffly moving to the next door and doing the same. After trying all the doors and failing, he disappeared to the stairs. The video ended there.
Aaron’s fingers had found their way to the nape of the smaller boy’s neck, and his other hand at Dean’s hip where his untucked shirt had ridden up so that he was gliding his thumb on the boy’s skin. Dean shivered at the touch and the sensation traveled straight to where his bathing suit goes.
Dean regarded him for a moment. “Yeah, see, about that. I’m sure you can understand why I don’t believe you.”
Castiel was standing by the passenger’s door beside the Impala, hands in his coat pockets, waiting for Dean to unlock the car. Dean wanted to ask, but decided against it, sighing as they both slid inside Baby.
When Castiel brought out the pie, Dean’s face immediately brightened, pouncing, and at the time, Castiel didn’t know if it was to the pie or to him, and he briefly thought he was going to get kissed.
“Do all your friends call you ‘Cassie’?” Dean muttered, and Castiel pulled his lips into a thin line of displeasure at the nickname.
The chancellor’s grip loosened, content at Dean’s response, and Dean rolled his eyes at Gabriel’s exaggerated wink.
Not breaking eye contact, he reached his free hand inside his jacket pocket, taking the bundle of keys out and letting it dangle on his index finger.
“Cool,” Dean remarked from where he had his back leaned against the professor’s window. Castiel rolled his eyes, seated home in his swivel chair and reading something up on his laptop. “I’d say that it’s more than just ‘cool’ but I never really had the same appreciation towards all-things soul like my colleagues.”
“That’s good.” Castiel nodded, relieved that Dean wasn’t so alone after all. Nonetheless, it must be hard to be a wanderer, with no home to return to. Castiel had been blessed enough to have the Shurley’s as a family of his own.
“Oh,” intoned Castiel, retracting his grip from his sternum and blinking at the flower. “Oh. Yes. An excellent choice. A purple rose, symbolizing—”
Dean hadn’t realized he had closed his eyes until he opened them. He wore an intoxicated smile, already thinking of ways to bare his gratitude to the taller boy.
When they both slid inside, seated side by side, Castiel spent a moment appreciating the well-kept interior, which had Dean rushing with pride. Tentatively, Dean placed a palm on Castiel’s thigh, emerald eyes asking the indigo eyes
Post-pubescent Dean at 16 years old had time to stew in his juices and miss the ache and thrill of falling in love. He hadn’t felt the frisson of it for six years, so it took him entirely by surprise when he inadvertently gave the tertiary bit of his soul to Aaron Bass behind the bleachers with a little more groping than usual.
Dean cleared his throat, and Castiel frantically questioned in his mind what the hell just happened.
Castiel cringed at the imagery. “No, actually. I was with Agent Smith, assisting him with the Silver Fragment case. He ordered one too many burgers.”
Castiel heard the knob unlatch and someone’s footsteps enter the room. When he turned around to face the visitor, he felt his breath leave him.
“Well, I think I do remember, if I’m not mistaken. I woke up at the foot of my bedroom door and. . . my pyjama pants ripped by the thigh. That’s all I can call to mind.”
“You know where we are, Dean. Don’t worry, I’m not going to force you to confront it; that’s your choice. All I intended was for you to see your parents’ home—
The Dean in the hospital bowed his head to their entwined fingers, attempting to hide his desperation and misery. “Brothers always,” he whispered shakily to his best friend’s hands, and the man’s laugh came out as a feeble wheeze.
“Oh,” Dean said, ever so eloquently, “Well, yes, this seemed like our kind of case, alright, Dr. Shurley.” Dean started his way to his desk, glancing at his right where a window overseeing the campus grounds was ensconced, frame gilded.
“Yeah. Yeah, kinda like that. Completing. But the third time, I found something new: soul-receiving,” reminisced Dean. “That day, something clicked in me. And it was all downhill from there.”
Castiel caught his tone and immediately knew what the young man was aiming for. He chuckled. “What would be the mode of transportation?”
It wasn’t condescending; no disgust or contempt. On the contrary, his voice was filled with barely contained excitement.
Aaron’s hands where they had rested on Dean’s chest suddenly felt like they were humming against Dean’s sternum. Soft vibrations started him, and something he had never felt before crawled up his spine and spread across his chest, warm and confounding. His heart had been pulsing in unadulterated pleasure that navigated all throughout his core to the tips of his extremities. His toes had curled in delight.
Castiel sighed. Someone must have dropped it during the day. That British guy with the secret agent get-up, probably.
“Why would I need someone to bake me cupcakes when you share yours?” Gabriel shrugged in concession. “So early in the morning, Gabe?” he asked, examining the blue-frosted cake in his fingers. Gabriel only shook his head, green icing smothered on his upper lip.
“No matter,” said Chuck sternly. “But from now on, we expect full disclosure from you, Castiel. We love you and we are going to help.” The doting under his words were unmistakable, and Castiel felt full.
"I am only telling you this once, Dean Winchester,” Castiel said, voice dangerously low, “Leave Lawrence. Find free real estate elsewhere. Or everyone finds out. You wouldn’t want your cover blown now, would you? After all these decades in the wind?”
“Stop moving.” Castiel stilled out of dread, and he let himself be approached by Dean. Jenny was still clapping her hands and when she and Dean were close enough to Castiel, she halted and looked inquisitively up the dark-haired man.
Dean was mesmerized by the portrait, and was only snapped out of his trance when the woman beside him spoke, “Dr. Shurley—”
Castiel cut him off. “You know what you are? You’re a nonofficial fugitive. You hide from the law, society. And you have no family.” That struck a nerve within Dean. “You are, and will always be a renegade, Winchester. It’s revolting.”
He sidled up to Castiel, meeting his eyes before both of them walked further to the heart of the chamber, where the velvet cushion remained recessed and quite visibly—empty. There were no signs of any change, not a thing out of place (except for the soul remnant, obviously), and Bobby was still judging everyone within range.
Dean’s brow rose, sighing tersely, and taking the phone from Castiel’s grip. “Whatever we need to do, we need to do it now. I ain’t letting a potential suspect off the hook.” He whirled around and aimed for the exit again.
It was Rowena who answered the door for them, her bouncy red hair essentially smothering Castiel and Jack when she pulled them both into a single hug by their necks, small as she was.
Gabriel snorted. “Spending more time with her father-in-law than her husband. Sometimes I think she likes him better.” He frowned. “They probably gossip about me like teenagers.”
Garth thought deeply while Jenny played with his hand. “Now that I think about it, my family’s been kinda divided about the whole soul scarcity thing. My mom used to tell me some stories when I was a kid. She died when I was 10 and my grandmother took me in.”
to know, care enough to want to know. You don’t stop when you hit a wall. You have all the experience the world could possibly give.” Dean gave him a genuine smile. “Believe me when I say there’s no better man for the job.”
The view was truly stunning. To Dean’s right, the sun was setting gracefully, surrounded by pastel swirls that were not unlike the almost-finished cotton candy. The Earth’s star was easier to look at now, half-gone, and battling between tangerine and gold. The hue was ubiquitous, so everything was in a shade of an imposing orange, and Dean knew if he looked at Castiel, he wouldn’t be able to stop.
, but it held more meaning than anything else she could have said. Dean’s shoulders became rigid at her touch, but immediately slumped after a few seconds. He dared a glance at her direction.
“Wh–What’re you doing?” Castiel held the coat for Dean to take, but he just looked up at him, the scarce light bathing his face in an otherworldly glow. “Aren’t you gonna get cold?”
“We can’t be locked in here!” exclaimed Dean, hands coming up to his hair. “We—you and I’ll go crazy! Either crazy or dead or a murderer.” Castiel didn’t reply, remembering the last time they went bonkers on each other. Funnily enough, it was just this afternoon. Whatever Dean was. . . he came to help him. Castiel couldn’t deny that.
“This is genius, Cas.” With his grin, Castiel’s anxiety eased. They went to the entrance, giving their stubs, and it was uphill from there.
“You know, in the ‘hormonal teenagers’ kind of way,” quipped Gabriel, and Rowena had to cover her lips with a napkin to stop herself from snorting.
“So let me get this straight: when Bobby sacrificed himself, people just. . . up and became normal?” he asked, bewildered.
It was only a 10-minute drive to Deerfield Park, a comfortable silence pervading the atmosphere, as it usually did since they became true friends.
It was a close call when Dean had suggested they get takeout for dinner, and Castiel had replied that losing their momentum was not worth a meager thing like sustenance.
Castiel took it distractedly, unfolding the flap with the hand not holding the squirrel plush, and took a peep after forcing himself away from Dean’s inviting moss eyes.
They turned back to Garth and he nodded. “But yeah, my mom used to tell me about how her grandmother told her about Uncle Bobby. All nice things. From what I remember he was a grouchy man until he met Aunt Karen. They got married when she was on her deathbed because people were losing soul or somethin’ like that, but they never Soulshifted. Never knew why. Uncle Bobby couldn’t do nothin’ about it. She died, and Uncle Bobby was so heartbroken that he offered his last soul piece to—the earthquakes, I think? Yeah, and that’s that.”
“I’m sorry?” Castiel choked, face burning when he realized belatedly that wasn’t that kind of question. “Oh. Oh, I mean, I have a v–variety you can pick from.”
“There is a balance within the world, Castiel,” his mother had told him once, “Good and evil, light and dark, happiness and melancholy; all these things must be on par, or else chaos will threaten our entire existence.”
“Tell me about it,” Dean muttered. But before they could fall back into silence, he huffed a laugh, “What are the odds of finding you at the same bar I’d be going to?” He smirked.
Dean bristled, swallowed, then signaled to the server, holding up a finger, “A beer, please.” She nodded and went to the backroom.
“North Cove. Alex and Claire’s moms have a resthouse there. Kaia, Patience, and Clark already said yes.”
“What? No, you don’t gotta say sorry, man. Anyone would’ve broken down if they had to see the worst memories of their lives—and we have particularly long ones.” Dean huffed a small laugh, and Castiel slowly directed his gaze back to the man, even though he barely saw him in the dark.
“Can I ask you to look after him, Dean?” he mumbled lowly, earnestly, and Dean gave one solid nod that he meant.
“That FBI Agent—what do you think of him?” inquired Castiel as he threw the used tissue in the trash.
Castiel shook his head, face shifting to amusement. “No one’s parted with a soul piece before they’ve turned 18, Dean. If there were, they’d probably amount to a number you can count on one hand.”
“The first time I ever experienced giving up a soul piece—I know everyone would say that having someone half-carry the loss makes it worth it, but it didn’t feel that way. It felt exciting. Exhilarating. Losing a soul piece. . . I liked it. Reveled in it. Didn’t matter if the other reciprocated or not. I loved it because it was almost an escape; as crazy as that sounds,” he added, almost sounding hysterical.
Dean was bemused. “What do you mean? You had a shit-ton of research about soul topics since the 60s.”
When they had reached a wrought iron bench to sit on, Jack was halfway through his Snickers ice cream and Castiel was munching on his waffle cone. “So, got everything you needed?”
“You’re a soul-addict,” Castiel surmised, brows lifted in realization, and Dean’s face contorted into one of chagrin.
Dean looked dubiously at him. “One, who is this specialist of yours? And two, if you had a lecture, how did you get that information so quickly?”
Castiel eyed him suspiciously, before lowering his gaze and shaking his head. Then he pulled out his wallet and took some bills, placing it on the table. “This is my half. I think we should go.”
Dean’s voice had dropped, and Castiel sensed the hint of quiet nostalgia. “Anyway, learned to take care of him on my own. It was okay, I guess. I babysat with every inch of my life, but anything for that little brother of mine. At least we were never left without pocket money. He grew up to be a successful lawyer so there’s that.”
And so he had excused himself from the chancellor and Balthazar, telling them he had papers to grade, minds to hone. But in truth, he had begun an extensive research around one Dean Smith—but of course that wouldn’t be his real name. Castiel knew the moment the man presented his badge that it was fake. What could he say? Time had given him exceptional acuity.
Dean stared at the waves which were crashing with more intensity now in the afternoon, then at Jack, who was tugging at Cas’ grip on his wrist, trying to get away. “You guys go, I’ll watch him.”
Jack, it seemed, also liked… unique clothing. The kid was wearing rain boots even though the sun was out and overalls with embroidered flowers. He dressed weird, there was no way around it. But so did Cas, so there was probably no hope for him, poor kid.
Dean glanced up. Cas had set his menu down and was watching him, hands clasped on the table. Dean raised an eyebrow. “I’d like to visit, if I may.”
“Dude, what the fuck? Getting freaking engaged to a Djinn isn’t just something you forget to tell us about!”
“I will never be ‘cool’ with someone who thinks it is okay to drink others’ blood. But I will not kill you. You should be glad I’m so merciful.”
Dean grabbed the door as it swung open. “What do you mean, what the fuck am I doing here? You wanted to see me, didn’t you?”
He started to stand, but Castiel shot out a hand and pushed him back down. Benny lowered Dean’s handkerchief and Castiel touched the side of his head, not bothering to be gentle. Enough grace to knit the wound back together, stop the bleeding, and he withdrew his hand.
Dean wanted to ask what the hell John had to do with anything, but he held his tongue, resigning himself to waiting out whatever lesson Bobby had to dish out now.
And, truth be told, he’d never considered putting a name to what he and Cas had. They just had each other when they could and that was enough. Well, maybe he could’ve stood seeing more of Cas. Too late for that now, though. He’d decided to quit, he’d decided it was time, and he stood by his decision. Just hadn’t thought it’d be so difficult.
Cas took the can Dean offered him. “I was thinking,” he said. “Maybe I should give you my number. Just to, I don't know, find out if we're anywhere close to each other.”
His own grace coiled deep inside himself, of course, innate disgust at the depravity surrounding him, but he felt a more insidious effect. Remnants of the evil once held inside him reaching out to its home. With every passing day, felt more closely tied to this place, as if sinking into quicksand.
“Just like we talked about.” Pulling his knife from his boot, Dean cut his left forearm, leaving behind a long, red line, trickle of blood down his skin. Reaching out, he took Benny’s arm and cut a similar gash in the vampire’s forearm. Castiel scanned the forest around them. No more Leviathan. Yet.
Hariel thought she might agree. The being in front of them hardly seemed a seraph, not to mention his physical appearance: torn trenchcoat, beard, mud, and blood.
Churning of the water around his legs, fine hairs rising on the back of his neck, fabric of his clothing pressed to his body.
Benny had bet him fifty bucks he couldn’t stay on the whole ride, and Dean was never one to pass up easy money. It wasn’t his fault Benny didn’t know he’d done this a few times. When Larry slowed to a stop, he let go of the handle and leaned back, draping himself over the back of the saddle to rub his win in, and maybe just a little because he knew it’d make Cas roll his eyes.
Cas shook his head, shifting so one of Dean’s legs lay between his, Dean’s thigh against his groin. “No. One day off in between. Rather—” He sucked in his breath as Dean started to move against him. “Rather be here anyway.”
“Got freaking splashed in the face,” Dean said, letting Jack escape his grip to go to Cas, who took him in his arms.
"You said you'd do anything for me." Castiel knew what words Dean would say before he spoke them, saw his mistake. "Well, I'm asking you to leave with us."
He only made it a few miles down the highway before spotting a Pilot Travel Center and pulling over with the internal excuse of using the can. A flimsy excuse because he knew this rest stop was the only one in miles and therefore, there was a good chance Cas had decided to park here for the rest of his 36 hours. And because Dean was an idiot and couldn’t leave anything alone and because he’d seen Cas leave the bar with someone last night, and he didn’t want to admit it, but a feeling all too close to jealousy had welled up in his chest, kept him awake half the night.
Leave it to Cas to make everything sound so final. “Guess so.” Not that he was making it sound any better.
“Yeah, uh. Figured we’re friends, right?” Feeling his face heat, he ducked his head to take Cas’ hand and tie it around his wrist. “Just a weird thing people do.”
At his entrance, Cas looked up and smiled. “I found a bookshelf that I think would look nice in our room.” He turned the magazine around so Dean could see.
Gripping Dean’s arm, he let his head fall back. Dean’s hardness pressed against his ass, and before the heat building in his gut grew too strong, he stopped Dean’s hand, said, “I want you to fuck me.”
Made Castiel’s stomach tumble, every soft sound Dean made, worried the emotions rising in him were no longer one of self-righteousness. Coveting.
“It is,” Cas insisted. He ran his finger over the bracelet, blue threads forming a pattern more even in some places than others. “You’re my best friend.”
When he plunked down in the sand next to Jack, he showed him how to pack a bucket with moistened sand, then flip it over to reveal a small hill. Jack clapped his hands in delight and soon they were surrounded by several sand castles.
“Why—” Cas paused, and something in his silence made Dean listen carefully, suddenly tense. “When were you going to tell me? That you were gonna quit?”
stare, and Benny laughed quietly. Crossing his arms over his chest, he shifted to get comfortable, closed his eyes.
When he stood, his pockets full of stones thudded against his thighs. Comforting weight. His shirt was torn at the hem. Should take Benny’s advice and take clothing from a monster they killed. Needed durable clothes, not what the hospital had dressed him in. Once pure white, now stained. But he thought they reflected him better this way.
“Hmm.” There was a smudge of dirt on Cas’ chin that Dean was more than tempted to wipe off. Looking away, he poured more dirt in the containers before he was idiotic enough to try.
A convenient lie; one Castiel had fallen for before. He had caused Dean so much pain already, perhaps Dean not only didn’t need him, but was better off without him. Hadn’t he proved so over and over? Continued to cause him pain—said the wrong things, did the wrong things, couldn’t be who Dean wanted him to be.
Cas studied him, then smiled a little and glanced at Jack. “This is nice,” he said, and Dean nodded.
“Per usual,” Cas said, dropping the dumpster lid with a clatter and brushing off his hands. "Which means, no distracting me."
Dean could feel Cas taking a shaky breath and held him onto him longer. He tried not to think about it usually, how dangerous this job could be, but sometimes the fact rose up in front of him, unavoidable. He kissed the top of Cas’ head, then felt stupid for doing so, and let go.
“What the hell’s your problem?” The kid’s baleful expression faltered. He took a step back and Dean advanced on him. “You get off on making kids half your size cry?”
“Dean,” Castiel warned. Dean shifted, and for a moment Castiel thought he might touch him, but then he stepped away. Castiel had asked him to, but he still felt the urge to reach for him.
One more night together. Six days until he quit. And then... he didn't know what would happen to them then. He'd never had to wonder before.
“Yeah, of course,” Dean said, feeling a little sick. Ignoring the sensation, he pat Cas on the shoulder. “Whatever you want.”
"Not good," Cas finished. He squinted at his own pretzel, then took another hesitant bite. Instantly, his face screwed up, and he shook his head, dropping the pretzel onto the plate. “It seems you were right. Soy sauce, pepper, and raisins do not mix.”
“No, see, that’s the thing—” Benny stopped Dean with a hand on his elbow and Castiel tuned back into their conversation. “You’ve been gripping the blade all wrong, like this.” He demonstrated, swinging his own blade in slow motion.
The heater sputtered and Dean rubbed his arms against the chill in the room. “So this is it, then?” Cas said quietly.
Castiel nodded. “Can I—” He took a hesitant step closer, and Dean let him hug him, first stiff, then relaxing into it, pulling him tighter, ducking his head into his shoulder.
The words stung Castiel to the quick and before he knew what he was doing, he bumped Dean’s shoulder with his own, drawing his eyes back to him. “It’s no place for a human either. We have that much in common.”
Dad snorted, and Dean glanced up at him. Arms crossed, leaning back in his chair, he watched the proceedings with a scowl on his face. Dean studied the newspapers more intently, underlining words just to look like he was doing something productive. Part of him wanted to go down to the parade, just to see what it was all about, but that was ridiculous. Only affirmed by a derogatory comment Dad made low under his breath about the people in the street.
Music boomed from the park down the street and Dean tried to focus on the newspapers spread out before him, front pages covered with news about a bear attack at a campsite a few miles west. Not actually a bear attack, of course. From the tracks they’d seen when they hiked out there yesterday, Dad's money was on wendigo.
Apparently, Castiel wasn’t going to let him off that easy. “All it took was half a second to know you wanted to meet me?”
Turning back around, Benny added, “‘Sides, I’ve heard others talk about it, say if you keep following the rivers, find a rocky ridge. There’s an area, at the top, with a weird magnetism. Seems to repel you, can’t get closer even though all you see are rocks and dirt.” He gestured around them. “Clearly not common, so figure it’s something important. Some sorta portal, it seems.”
Violating the few feet he'd put between them to stay clear of the germs, he stepped closer to loosen Cas' tie. Cas let him, saying, "I can still help research—"
Wheeling around, he saw Benny grappling with another vampire. “Helping humans?” it snarled at him. “Betraying your own kind?”
Cas had been telling Zara about him? Inconsequential stuff, like that he cooked? Gathering himself, he said, “You know, we’ve encountered plenty Djinn before you.” He ignored the death stare Sam shot at him. “Had to kill plenty too. You wanna tell me how I’m supposed to trust you? What’s stopping you from poisoning all of us?”
Cas rolled his eyes and stood. “Don’t stay up too late.” He seemed to hesitate, fighting against saying more, and Dean said,
He disappeared into the trees ahead, the forest rising up on all sides to swallow him. Absentmindedly, Castiel twisted the hospital bracelet still around his wrist, plastic scraping against his skin. Ridiculous, the way he lost control so easily now. He still didn’t feel like himself and he didn’t know what had broken him—working with Crowley, accepting the Leviathan inside, accepting Sam’s memories of Hell. A combination of every action.
“Right. You got your head so far up your ass, you don't even realize we're already done for. The angel knows it.” He threw his hand out, pointer finger at Castiel. Accusing. “We’re never gonna make it with him next to us glowing like a beacon.”
Castiel shut his eyes for a long moment. His grace reached for the familiar soul which hesitantly approached. His fingers curled into the river silt. Clasping one of the smooth stones in his fist, he pushed himself to his feet and turned.
“You can—” Dean started, then stopped. Eyes flicking from Castiel to Benny. Grunt, shift. “Can touch yourself if you want. Don’t care.”
Dean always said the wrong things. He pushed away an image of Cas’ hurt expression and carefully hung the rosary back up. He still had to drive to the drop yard to meet Bobby, he needed it a little longer.
Settling down into the seat Jack had vacated, she asked, “I wasn’t expecting you two today. Where’s Sam?”
Dean glared at Cas, who avoided his eyes and motioned to Zara to follow him down the hallway. “Um, over here is where we keep archival documents,” he said.
“Pay up,” Dean told him. Taking out his wallet, Cas put two twenties and a ten onto the bar and Dean snatched them up, making a show out of counting them and slipping them into his wallet. “Nice try, buddy. Better luck next time.”
“I’m not your responsibility.” Spoke the words to the river. First words he'd spoken to Castiel all day.
Wisely, Benny did not speak anymore to him that day beyond directions and a suggestion they stop for the night. But when Dean folded his jacket under his head and settled down, Castiel was dismayed to see Benny didn’t also prepare for sleep. Of course. As a vampire, he didn’t sleep much. Especially not after feeding from Dean, for who knew how long.
“Yes.” Castiel rubbed at a water stain on the table with his thumb. “I was thinking, how hard would it be to keep a cat in the truck?”
Maybe that’s what had finally worn Castiel down here; Dean’s prayers for him. Meant even with a vampire, a blade, a plan—he wanted Castiel.
Locking the door behind them, he lost no time in kissing Cas, who protested getting pushed up against the wall. “It’s gross in here," he complained.
Cas shot him a look and started explaining the situation to Sam. Shaking his head, Dean peeked out through the doorway to watch the Djinn pile their belongings on the map table, Zara giving instructions.
“Alright.” Cas hung up then and Dean felt a tightness in his chest lessen. It was quickly replaced by anxiety. What was he going to say? Why would Cas ever listen? But Cas had picked up the phone, agreed to see him. That had to mean there was hope.
The werewolf glowered at him, then hissed as Dean sliced the blade into his neck, blood trickling down to his collarbone. “It’s not a fucking door, alright? Only opens when humans are around. I tried finding it. Didn’t believe it existed. But soon as I got close, felt something pushing me away. You heard the tales, you know only humans can go through.” He glared at Castiel over Dean’s shoulder. “Your friends aren’t making it out.”
Re-heated diner leftovers and slices of pie for breakfast, crumbs on the bed, brown bags in the backseat, lunch breaks at rest stops, sitting on the hood to unwrap grease-stained burger wrappers, kept warm from the sun coming through the car’s windows.
“Don’t—” Cas lowered his voice, stepped closer. “I’m not the one who’s calling everything off after seven fucking years.”
Dean looked taken aback. “What do you mean? Of course—why the fuck would I want a vamp around? Wasn’t exactly jumping at the bit to team up with the sonuvabitch.”
Close enough. Taking the bag, Dean told Cas, “Don’t look now, but Lauren is handing out brochures for Pampered Chef again.” According to Sam, that was another reason this playdate had to be a success—making friends with the right parents meant getting invited to more playdates and whatever other random events the parents came up with. It was like a weird society Dean had never known existed until Jack started preschool and started interacting with other kids his own age.
“And you know who saved my life? Stayed by my side the whole damn time?” Castiel knew, he knew with a sinking regret, but Dean jabbed his finger in the direction Benny had walked off. “He did. The fucking monster you hate. A fucking vampire had my back more than you, a damn angel. So, guess what. You don’t get to say nothing to me.”
“What the hell happened here?” he demanded. He went to pick up Jack, but Cas was already swooping in and grabbing him.
Castiel couldn’t yell, couldn’t start towards him because the second Leviathan was nearly on top of him. He shot out his hand, willing his grace forward, but the Leviathan kicked out his legs, sending him to the ground. He tried to scramble to his knees to rise, but a blow to the head sent him back down.
Glancing down at his watch, Dean swore softly and Cas blinked his eyes open. “I should head back inside.”
Growing annoyed, too tired for this bullshit, Castiel snapped, “I didn’t ask for you to talk to me.”
Ducking his head, Dean nodded and knuckled brusquely at the corner of his eye. “Thanks,” he said, his voice rough.
, he wished he could read more into this. But it wasn’t like Castiel was offering to share the bed, just offering the shower. Probably only helping out a fellow driver.
Jack nodded. “I can fight!” He waved a chicken nugget around in mock punches and Dean gave up any hope of keeping the backseat clean.
Might save their sanity, at least. So far, they had cycled through staticky radio stations, played twenty questions three times over, eaten two cans of Pringles, argued about potential detours, and listened to several renditions of “Born This Way” sung at increasingly piercing high volume courtesy of the six year old in the backseat.
Lifting his wings, he extended them over their small group. They seemed similar to the branches lacing the sky, gnarled and jagged. Not visible or tangible in the physical plane, but powerful nonetheless; knew they could protect himself and Dean, the vampire too.
Dean scoffed. “Yeah. Kind. That’s all.” Cas stared at him, cocking his head, and Dean rolled his eyes. Of fucking course Cas would be oblivious to Zara flirting with him. “You finally get through the fuckton of gifts she brought?”
Dean felt a tightness release in his chest. They still had time. “Should be able to meet up again, work out our routes since we’re heading in the same direction.”
“Let’s go,” he said, taking Cas’ elbow and guiding him through the crowd of spectators before Jack tried to incinerate the kid. He wasn’t sure if that was one of Jack’s powers or not, but he wasn’t sure he wanted to find out in a crowded McDonald’s. Even if the snot-nosed kid deserved it.
Dean pressed closer to him. Above their heads, tree branches whipped back and forth, some cracking and crashing to the ground with thuds and snaps.
Castiel looked over at Dean who lay half-propped against a log, arms crossed against his chest, head hanging at a harsh angle, drooping lower as he slept. They’d been attacked last night. Shapeshifters. They couldn’t shift in Purgatory, but their skin still slid off with every hack and slice. Bulbous clumps dotted the grass a few feet away, the smell getting worse with every passing hour.
“You bailed out and, what, went camping?” He searched Castiel’s face and Castiel felt bare under his gaze. “I prayed to you, Cas. Every night!”
Claire was surprised Dean even let a carseat in his precious Impala. Pulling out her phone, she asked, “Can we listen to my music?”
“And if Leviathan want to take a shot at us...” Dean shrugged. “Let ‘em. We ganked those bitches once before. We can do it again.”
Dean wasn’t falling for that excuse a second time. He started to say so, but Cas wasn’t listening, picking up his phone as it beeped several times in quick succession.
“I’m joking, man, it was like half a second.” Too late, he realized he was admitting how absurd it was that he remembered Castiel’s face. Looking away, he pulled the covers out from where they were tucked into the headboard.
The act of covering up signs of their stay didn’t take too much concentration, but Castiel kept his eyes lowered to the ground, full attention on the task. Anything to ignore the scene five feet from him. Benny didn’t have the tact to drink from Dean out of his sight, but Castiel knew his anxiety would only grow if he couldn’t keep an eye on them.
Jack hummed in the backseat where he colored with a box of crayons. Cas tapped his fingers on his thighs, craning his neck to look behind and in front of them. No escape. Dean was pretty sure he was considering the merits of zapping all of them—car, luggage, and all—to their destination. Sure, the people around them would have plenty of questions about a car vanishing into thin air and Cas would be exhausted for three days, but it might be worth it.
“I fix.” He wiped away the sand from Dean’s legs and Dean made an exaggerated sigh of relief, moving his legs.
Ignoring them both, Castiel announced, “There’s a pair of vetala close by. I don’t believe they’ve caught mine or Dean’s scent yet.” Still no Leviathan. Couldn’t let his guard down though, not for a second. There were too many of them here to avoid them for long.
Sometimes, though, he'd thought about returning home. Sometimes he still thought about it. He’d never really been happy back there, but at least it was familiar. Familiar faces, storefronts, trees in their backyard. No constants in his life now—always new faces, always changing scenery.
“Hmm,” Meg said, like she wasn’t convinced. But she pulled her keys out of her pocket and started heading to her truck. “I’ll admit it, I’m gonna miss you,” she called. “Who else am I gonna team up with to play pool?”
Whatever Missouri said, that shield wasn’t going to save Dean’s life now.  Castiel couldn’t fight this thing without magic and a sleep spell wouldn’t work on something that big.  He was too far away for the spell he used to knock the man into the river to be of any use, but maybe he could adapt it. He looked around frantically and saw some rocks on the other side of the path and grabbed one.  He held it tightly in his fist while casting the spell.  The rock shudder in his grasp and he cast the spell again to boost its strength.  When he released it the rock shot away from him and slammed into the manticore’s side.  Castiel heard the crunch of breaking bone.
“Couldn’t sleep well,” Cas said to Dean’s unasked question.  “Felt kind of guilty for what we did to Gilda.”
The dragon was starting to calm down.  The injury Dean had inflicted on its eye had been painful, but once it calmed down it was going to come for him.  The stairs led upward and ended at a small terrace.  There was a door there as well.  He thought about moving up there, but he couldn’t play hide and seek with the dragon forever.  Eventually he would have to face the creature head on.  He might as well do it while the beast was still freshly injured.
“Nothing like Gimli,” Dean told Sam over the phone.  “Nothing at all.  He’s huge, over ten feet tall and turning to stone slowly.  Apparently just being here is killing him.”
It was impossible to travel with someone for any length of time and not to learn something about them.  Sometimes big things, sometimes small things.  Dean had learned that Cas was good with animals, or at least they really liked talking to him.  Mostly birds, he had an affinity for the feathered creatures, but almost every type of animal reacted well to him.  He was kind with them too.  Listened politely to the birds when they sang endlessly about how great it was to fly.  In a few memorable cases, they had even settled briefly on Dean’s shoulders.  It was almost as magical as watching Cas perform actual magic.
The road was worn smooth through frequent travel, but Dean didn’t see anybody.  This surprised him, and if he was being honest, disappointed him a bit too.  He had been traveling alone for weeks and looked forward to the opportunity to talk with someone.  The likely topic of conversation would have been the tourney, but he would have taken anything.  Even a discussion about the weather would have been welcome.
Garth looked at Castiel with wide eyes.  His face was white and he was starting to sweat.  He looked terrified.  He swallowed loudly.  “They can barely chase down rabbits right now, could never hunt down the souls of the damned.”
The idea that Cas was taking steps to become a grand wizard because of him was more worrying to him.  The late night conversations had made it clear that Cas didn’t want the life that grand wizards lived.  He didn’t want to shake kingdoms to their very foundations.  Instead, he had talked of bees and quiet nights in front of the fire with a book.  The last few days the quiet evenings also had room for a game of chess.  He didn’t want to brew potions for kings and advise queens.  Just a simple life.  To Dean it sounded like a good life.  Guilt was starting to gnaw at him for his own role in all of this, though he didn’t have a clue as to what he had done.  Just had Lucifer’s word that Cas was doing it for him.  And, deep down, he didn’t think Lucifer was lying.
“I have advantages that no one else in this room has,” Crowley smirked.  “Especially when it comes to the question at hand.  Before climbing the corporate ladder, I began my career as a crossroads demon.  Bartering and trading.  I’ve never forgotten those lessons.  I can look at you and know what your inner most desires are.  Sex, money, power. Initially Dean wanted many of the usual things.  But when I met Castiel.  Well, Feathers had more specific things in mind.  Flannel for one thing.
Dean bolted out of the cabin and down the overgrown path.  As he ran he thought that he’d found a reason to subject Baby to this overgrown path; Cas.
The weeks since the consult slide by and now they were on their way to the hospital.  Dean’s surgery was today and it was honestly one of the most trying days in their marriage.  Not because of the surgery, both he and Dean were putting forth Olympic levels of effort in ignoring that.  Dean couldn’t have anything to eat or drink after midnight.  Nothing.  Dean couldn’t have coffee or breakfast and he was cranky.  Castiel, in solidarity, had also forgone his coffee.  If they met a single person who even slightly annoyed them, that person was going to die.
The day after his trip to the floor, Cas shared a story that helped Dean feel a little better about his humiliation the day before.
“I am Sir Dean Winchester.  Defender of the Wizard Castiel.  You will not harm him.  I will not allow it.”  Dean positioned himself between the spirit and Cas again.  He kept his sword raised in case the spirit attacked again.
Lucifer ignored the demon.  He leaned down and smoothed out one of the glyphs and replaced it with different one.  He pulled another candle from his bag and repeated the ritual again.  The words had barely faded from the air when the second demon smiled and bowed.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said.  He wasn’t sure what to say.  Helen was old for a human, he knew that, but this was a shock to him.
“It’s broken and will need to be set.”  The sister straightened up and walked over to a table set in the centre of the tent.  She picked up a clay bottle and poured some green fluid into a clay cup.  She walked back over to the knight and handed it to him.  “Drink this and I’ll set your arm.”
He had finished saddling Baby by the time Cas was waking up.  It had taken him very little time to realize that Cas’ pleasantness as a companion was directly proportionate to how high the sun was in the sky.  Dawn was a bad time to be near the man.  He got more tolerable the closer they got to noon.  By midday the wizard was human again and it was safe to talk to him.  Even the birds avoided him first thing in the morning.
Dean wasn’t sure if the sword would hurt Cas or not, but he wasn’t going to risk it.  He ran from his spot to intercept.  He met the spirit before it could reach Cas.  As he stepped into its path the spirit seemed to notice him for the first time.  It drew up short and readied the sword.
Despite the minimal damage done, the dragon was not happy.  It shrieked and spun faster than Dean thought possible.  He caught its tail in his midsection.  If he hadn’t been wearing armour the blow would have broken his ribs.  The blow lifted him off his feet and slammed him back against the cliff face.  His vision exploded with stars.
“Sir knight,” the man stammered.  “The others said I should leave you alone, but I had to ask for help.  You might be the only one who can.”
Of course, it made sense.  The kiss hadn’t been because Cas had been happy to see him, it had been to cast a spell.  Dean wasn’t sure if he could breath under water,
“Well, a lot of people who get to know me end up dead,” Dean told himself.  “So yeah, best to stay away from me.”
“Cas wasn’t there,” The other Dean exploded.  “Cas wasn’t there because I made sure of it.  I pushed him away at every turn.  Shut him down every time.  Finally, he left.”
The candle flames licked his flesh as he chanted out the ritual a fourth time.  The words hurt to say.  His eyes bled.  As he spoke the final syllables his vision exploded in stars and then blackness.
“Ah, perhaps I can help.”  The dwarf crouched down and looked Dean in the eye.  They stared at each other for an uncomfortably long time.  “I can help you human.  But I need something from you to do it.”
Jack woke to the sound of the door opening.  His uncle was standing in the doorway holding a candle.  He noticed that Jack was awake and held a finger to his lips for silence.  Jack nodded.
“Good.  You will need to keep your sword and shield ready,” she repeated.  “You’re going to need it later today and without it you’ll end up dead.  After that you’ll have an encounter with the elves.  Sort of.”
At least he shoulder wasn’t bothering him as much now.  It still hurt, but the pain had receded some.  Now that the pain was less he could focus on other things.  Like how thirsty he was.  He really needed something to drink.  Maybe Cas had something to drink, he should ask.  But he didn’t want to bother the man.  He looked concerned about something.  Dean didn’t like how the lines creased his face.  Cas’ face was pretty and shouldn’t have lines like that on it.  But whatever it was must be important because only important matters would concern a wizard.
“We still have at least another hour before the sun starts to set,” Charlie argued.  “We could be a little closer to home by then.  Or at least closer to a bath.”
Castiel had spent a lot of time in Rowena’s garden.  It was huge and took up most of the yard space.  There were neat rows upon neat rows of vegetables.  Herbs were planted in a more haphazard manner.  But everything was growing healthily.  It would have passed for a completely normal garden if it weren’t for the apple trees.  She had two.  One was in full bloom.  The other one, planted right next to the first one, was laden with fruit.  Some of the branches were so full of apples they were brushing the ground.  Only a witch or wizard would have trees like that.  Mother had a rose bush that was always in bloom.  The red was a striking contrast to the white snow in the winter.
“You know Cas is going to gripe when he sees it,” Dean told her.  “He’ll say it’s too much and that Jack will outgrow it so fast.”
“A tactical mind can be as useful too,” Michael chimed in.  “Now let’s stop wasting our time.  What can you tells us about Bender?”
The words slipped from Castiel’s lips before he even registered what he was saying.  The full force of the spell hit the man in the chest and knocked him over edge of the barge into the river.  The man’s body bobbed to the surface an instant later.  He grunted in annoyance when he saw the pole clutched in the man’s hand as the current swept his body away.
Castiel considered the situation.  Dean was going to need more defensive options than he had right now.  He seemed to be doing fairly well with the sword, but only had his armour to protect him.  During the tourney Dean had made good use of his shield and one would likely be helpful here.  None of the debris in the room with him was big enough to work as a shield, and even if it was, it was all too flimsy.  He could keep casting the barrier spell, but the dragon would figure out away to stop that from happening.  Dragons were far smarter than they were given credit for.  Dean needed a shield he could wield without having to rely on Castiel.
Worked stone now covered the path.  Here and there dirt was visible and several stones jutted up at awkward angles, but it was clear this had once been a paved road.  He carefully turned to look into the forest and saw pillars of stone collapsed among the trees.  Now that he was looking he could see partially collapsed buildings and a few lone archways.  Whatever used to live here had lost a battle with the trees.  The forest had moved in and reclaimed whatever was built here.
“Jack is probably assurance against Mother,” Gilda guessed.  “He’s banking that Mother won’t move against him as long as he has Jack.”
“A lot of it is just about how great it is to fly,” Castiel smiled.  “They love flying.  Otherwise they talk about the food they’ve found and sometimes offer warnings.”
Dean took the ring out and dropped the box to the floor.  He pushed the dark grey band onto Cas’ finger.  Tiny bolts of lighting flickered across the ring’s surface.  He leaned up and kissed his boyfriend.  No, he kissed his fiancé.
The dwarf knew he was not alone before his guest spoke.  His work called out to him.  In a room of a thousand identical swords, he could tell which was the one he had made.  The ring sang to him.
The room was oddly designed, it was a square, but had three entrances, four if you considered the one out to a balcony.  It had probably been intended for large gatherings and meals, which would explain why there were so many ways to enter or exit.  It was not a good place for an ambush, too may ways to get out, but that seemed to be the intent.  Dean found himself impressed with the commander of the thirty soldiers at the other end of the room.  There were a few of Bender’s men mixed in there, their eyes and faces stained purple, but most of them seemed to be faeries.  Their teeth were too white and their eyes too blue.
“We’ll have to get through his defenses first,” Michael said.  “And quickly.  If he knows we’re coming he could turn tail.”
“I’ve marked the pages you’ll need and the notes will tell you when to burn the herbs.”  Lucifer looked pointedly at the creature and it scrambled around in the bag to pull out a small pouch which it handed over to Castiel as well.
“How are we even related?” Gabe complained.  He didn’t push it any further though.  He waved his hands and the sound of the crowd around them surged back as the spell dissolved.  “You can go read.  I will be having fun.”
“Are you looking for forgiveness?”  Castiel asked.  He regrated asking almost immediately.  He didn’t want to have this conversation now.  This was supposed to be a happy time.  “I’m not able to do that.”
“No, Jimmy doesn’t play any instruments,” the waitress told him.  “His wife died during childbirth a few years back.  Baby didn’t make it either.  He took to drink after that.  Drank a lot and fell down a lot.  Ended up in the hospital more often than not.  After he fell down a flight of stairs he put himself into a coma.  When he woke up he was like this.  Muddled in the head.  His brother takes care of him as best he can.”  She pointed back toward the kitchen.  “His brother works in the kitchens here.  Jimmy’s a nice enough guy, but he’s always coming up with wild stories.  Usually involving aliens.  A few weeks ago it was all about aliens in the woods and how Jimmy had saved everyone by stealing a weapon and throwing it away.”  She laughed.  “Harmless, but he does get freaked out by new faces.”
Dean also would have accepted trolls over dragons.  They usually liked water ways and there were plenty of rivers in the kingdom.  He’d crossed more than a few on his way through the forests.  But trolls didn’t like people and usually avoided them.  A lone traveller might have troubles with one, but A troll would never have approached a gathering the size of the tourney.
“One of Father’s advisors made that same face.  The man is a tired old blowhard who won’t stop going on about genealogy.  He had to go for a lay down after I told him about Jack.”  Charlie laughed wickedly.  “It made him stop talking for awhile at least.  If he starts up again I’m going to ask him to make Gilda’s family tree.  Should keep him busy for years.”
“And Lady Gilda as well,” the king nodded toward the fairy.  He blinked when he noticed Dean and Cas.  “You must be the ones I owe the safe return of my daughter to.”
He opened his eyes again.  The shadows had moved again and the light wasn’t as bright as it was before.  He must have fallen asleep again.  He still felt tired, but less than he had before.  He thought about letting himself drift off again, but hushed voices caught his attention.
“Same,” Sam agreed.  “I can’t imagine that Cas will be very happy about you coming here and threatening Dean.  Especially if you beat up his little brother in the process.”
Dean stopped walk and touched Cas’ shoulder to get him to stop as well.  “Don’t do this just for me.  It’s dangerous.”
She heard the heavy thudding of running in the hall.  She popped her head out in time to see a green streak run by.  Jack tore around a corner.  He giggled loudly and disappeared.  In a green tunic.
He squinted his eyes against the sand and pushed forward.  The sand left tiny burns on his exposed flesh.  He didn’t bother wasting his Grace on healing it or protecting himself.  He might need that power later.  Once he got there, Dean might need it even more.
“I think it’ll be whatever mother thinks is best,” Lucifer said.  “Whatever it provides, eat light.  You’ll feel better in the morning.”
“We’re so grateful for it being gone now,” the girl chimed in.  She shifted uncomfortably in her chair.  He noticed that she seemed a little thicker around the middle.
Dean shoved some boxes off a large table in the centre of the infirmary.  Luke carefully set Cas down and began moving around him without ever breaking physical contact.  Flashes of green light would flicker across his fingers and along Cas’ skin.  He would pause now and again to trace some symbol on the table in blood that was still tacky somehow.  After a few laps he stepped back and leaned against a wall.
“I know it’s silly,” Dean blushed in the dim crypt.  “But, I think there might be something to that story about the lord and land being linked.  I’m happier than I’ve ever been and things are going great.  No one’s going hungry this year.  Even if next year’s harvest is terrible, we’ll have enough.”
Dean stripped off his armour and piled everything else into the skiff.  He cringed as he stepped into the water.  It wasn’t all that cold, but there was a slight breeze that made his wet skin break out in goosebumps  After a few deep breathes he pushed himself off and began swimming for the other shore.  He was confident he could reach it before the sun had completely vanished from the sky.
Later that afternoon he gave Dean back his cloak.  The rain had stopped hours before and he couldn’t justify keeping it to himself anymore.
The cabin sat nestled in amongst trees and bushes.  There whole place looked rundown.  Some of the other wood was rotting.  Paint was flaking off in several places and the windows were caked with dirt.  It was certainly liveable, but probably drafty as hell.  Most likely a seasonal hunting cabin that hadn’t been used in a few years.  There was an overgrown path that might allow a vehicle if the driver wasn’t picky about their shocks.  Dean couldn’t think of a single reason why he’d ever subject Baby to that path.  From his vantage he could see the back door but wasn’t close enough to see in the windows.
The dwarf nodded and reached to take the tuning fork.  Dean held it out and stepped back.  The dwarf pulled a pouch off his belt and slipped the key inside.  He started saying something.
“I didn’t see any barbs,” Castiel said.  “I checked carefully for them.  I know the tail is venomous.”
“I’m fine,” Cas said.  “They’re going to be sleeping for a few days and probably wake up with a huge headache, but I’m fine.”
His initial meeting with the princess had surprised Castiel.  He had expected a spoil royal daughter and instead got a well-mannered young woman.  Her pale gown contrasted with her bright red hair that was pulled back into a complicated braid.  Her behaviour was everything Castiel had come to expect from nobility.  Well, at least when older relatives were around.  The moment her father had stepped away she made an off coloured joke that had made his ears burn and Gabe laugh loudly.  She was the most unprincess-like princess he’d ever met.  Though he hadn’t met that many princesses before.
Castiel spoke with the ICU staff and let each of Dean’s family members and friends into see him.  They said their goodbyes and finally he had them all leave.  He wanted this time alone with Dean.  He would be here until the end.
The man hadn’t slept at all.  His eyes were rimmed red with lack of sleep and, Castiel suspected, tears.  Dean had spent the entire night awake thinking about the fate of a man he had never known.  The plan came back into focus.  He shoved aside his misgivings and decided he would act.
“Not your fight Dean,” Michael told him.  Another bolt of lightning drew the creature’s full attention.  “Get Jack.  We’ll deal with the ogres.”
“He’s probably as proud of you as you are of him,” Cas said.  He’d given up on Dean’s pawn and moved the pawn Dean had thought was bait.  It still might be.
Jack came up dragging the blanket behind him.  Sam was trying to scoop it up so it wouldn’t drag on the floor.
“I was hoping that he’d be so happy to see me come back that he wouldn’t question it,” Charlie said.  “And that I’d finally chosen a suitor.”
In all the years Dean had known Bobby the man had shifted effortlessly from one role to another as the situation called for it.  Sometimes he was a close friend or confidant to Dean.  Other times he was an older brother or even a father figure.  He was technically a servant to the family, but it never would have occurred to Dean to treated him like one.  It was moments like that conversation that had shaped Dean into the man he was.  Bobby had raised him just as much as his father and mother had.
Cas blushed and rubbed at his neck.  “You saved mine first.  The manticore would have killed me if you hadn’t leapt in front of it.  Which was stupid by the way.”
He noticed that several of the workers in the field would pop their heads up briefly too look at the pair of them as they road along the field toward the road.  Then they’d duck their heads back down and pretend they hadn’t been staring.  Castiel didn’t need to turn around to know that the workers were staring at them openly once they’d passed by.  At least they didn’t run and hide like the villagers did last time.  He doubted that they’d offer much more assistance though.  Common folk didn’t like mingling with the upper crust.  Dean might not be in full armour, but it was impossible to mistake Baby for anything other than a nobleman’s horse.  The villagers wouldn’t come close unless forced to.  And there was no need for that.  This place wouldn’t have a forge capable of making armour even if the blacksmith possessed the skill.  They didn’t even need directions.  The villagers would probably be happier if he and Dean just rode on without stopping.
“Make it with love.  Think of the person you make it for.  No matter how many people eat the pie you make, it’s made for only one person.  That’s how you make a great pie.  It’s why homemade pies are always better.”
Castiel’s face was turning a dark red as he continued to gasp.  Dean tried pulling the blanket down to expose Cas’ chest to see if that would help at all.  He struggled to get his arm to cooperate, it seemed like he was moving through tar.
Someone ran over because apparently it was a party now, and Dean did a double take, then caught a fist to the stomach and doubled over with a grunt.
“Looking more crowded in here.” Dean touched the leaves of one of the plants sitting on a shelf. “See you added more plants.”
Dean turned away, swearing under his breath. His hands were shaking and, disoriented, he looked around the lot for his truck. Where had he parked? What did Cas mean, he loved—no, he couldn’t have meant it.
“Come close, though, right?” He grinned a little when Castiel tried unsuccessfully to hide a smile. “Soon enough, Cas.”
“Fuck,” Dean breathed, then let out a laugh. He kissed Castiel’s back, and Castiel tried to smile, but his heart was sinking faster than his body temperature.
Jack didn’t look up, weaving the purple and white yarn together. “Can’t. I have to make one for Charlie too, just remembered.”
Of course. Castiel started nodding, trying to stop Dean from making up an excuse for not driving with him.
Castiel had, he wanted to point out, but he kept silent as he followed, half-listening to Dean explain the merits of every burger on the Biggersons’ menu.
made Dean laugh until he wiped tears from the corners of his eyes, had to catch his breath. This happiness didn't seem so fragile, this time. When they turned on the TV tomorrow night three hundred miles away,
“Right,” Benny said. “So you get to make excuses, but I’m the bad guy. You don’t know nothin’ about me either.”
While this wasn’t his first time hooking up with another driver, it was his first time sharing a bed with one of them. In all his years driving, he’d preferred to keep things as no strings attached as possible. But the wind was rattling the windows, and his limbs were sinking into the mattress, and what was the harm anyway?
“I’ve known you my entire life Gabe and I’m not even sure I’m talking to the real you half the time.  If they tried to hang you they’d end up trying to execute an angry badger.  Your illusions are too good and you know it.”
Castiel frowned.  “I don’t think mother would accept it.  It’s not grand enough for her.  Michael leads armies and wipes other armies from the map.  Raphael has healed literally thousands of people of plague.  Even HE can conjure up the dead and make demons dance.”
“Raphael is my brother,” Cas said.  “He’s one of the best healers alive, if not the best.  I asked him to help you.  He and Rowena have been working together.”
“We keep going,” Castiel decided.  “Missouri said you were going to meet elves and a bird told me there are settlements around here.  If we keep going, maybe we’ll find the elves.  They can help.”
Castiel paused for an instant, more out of habit than from any conscious choice.  “We’re going to see your aunt.”
The witch shrugged and stepped back through the door.  She came back a moment later pushing a cart with bottles and jars.  He could see some ritualistic knives tucked behind the jars.
They sat in silence for a moment just listening to the early evening around them.  Crickets chirped softly.
Dean glanced around the room and sipped his beer.  Almost everyone had their own story of when they knew he and Cas were an item.  He knew they’d be asking for his story soon, especially since Cas had told his own story.  Dean knew he wasn’t sharing.  He could remember the exact moment when he fell in love with the angel.  And he’d shared that with Cas.  That was theirs and he wasn’t sharing it.
The funeral was tomorrow.  Dean had been dead for four days.  Plans had been made and he would be expected to present himself tomorrow and he was not ready for it.  How did you do something like this?
It was only a few minutes when Luke returned, but it had seemed like hours.  Dean hadn’t said anything, he’d just stared at Cas.  He kept having to remind himself that this was actually happening.  That Cas was gravely injured.  It didn’t seem possible.  Castiel was an angel.  One of the most powerful entities in existence.  He shouldn’t be laid out on a table barely clinging to life.
“I’m not sure,” Gilda admitted.  “Kevin said the last time he showed up he was in the company of a human noble, Jared Bender.  Which was odd, Zachariah doesn’t think humans are worth anything.  Kevin thinks that Bender might have been sort of a pet.  He might have some idea of where Zachariah is now.”
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” the wizard grumbled.  “My brother said we should head southwest to start and travel from there.  It makes no sense, the dragon flew west.  But Gabe insisted we head southwest.”
Castiel blinked and ended his spell.  The risk of staring at Dean’s aura was growing and that wouldn’t help here.  As the colours faded from his vision he was able to pay attention to the conversation.
The creature stood out of its crouch.  It towered over Dean, easily twice his height.  He was right about it having a horses head, but it also had hooves where he’d have expected feet.  The rest of the body was close enough to human to count, though it seemed sexless.  He cursed under his breath.  They’d stumbled across a kelpie.
The wizard crossed the same way Dean had, but looked at him oddly when he was on the other side.  “What was that about?”
“Quite the first day back on the road,” Cas remarked after a bit.  The sun had begun to set.  “I know you’d hoped to make it a little further today.”
“I can help Sam in the Wilds,” Gabriel explained.  “Keep him at least a little sane.  I’ve been there before.  It has an unsettling effect on humans.”
“Yeah, Hallmark doesn’t exactly have a card for this.”  The other Dean stood and shook Dean’s hand.  “If you really think Cas deserves better.  Be better.  Be the better man and don’t chicken out.  Tell him everything.  He’s worth it.”
Dean blushed slightly.  It made his freckles stand out.  “A good point.”  He pointed to the field between the village and Grovetop.  “Could we save a few days by cutting across the field here?”
“Use the golems,” Sam said.  He rolled his eyes when he was met by blank stares.  “You know, the ones Cas controlled back when he was saving your dumb ass Dean.  Get them to carry the stuff up to the wall and shake it.  Nobody has to die.”
“MY BABIES!!!”  The woman stood clumsily, but with alarming speed.  She pulled a stick from her rags.  Its tip was already glowing with a sickly yellow light.  “YOU HURT
Castiel was worried.  He had been since the manticore’s attack.  The creature had mauled Dean pretty badly.  He didn’t the creature had managed to hit Dean with its barbed tail, but he wasn’t sure.  He hoped not.  When he was getting on his horse he had seen the barbs driven into the tree he had hidden behind.  The bark had begun to blacken.
At least that’s what he wanted to say.  Instead he vomited all over the thermos, Castiel’s arm and down the man’s shirt.
The surface of the water broke and Cas’s head emerged.  Green weeds were wrapped around his shoulders and neck.  He mumbled something before being yanked back down.  Dean caught a glimpse of a deep body of water beneath the road.  He could see Cas being pulled down into the darkness.  The wizard was struggling, but being pulled down despite his efforts.  The surface rippled and Dean was staring at the road again.
The pile of tuning forks was still on the table.  He could even see the burnished bronze of the one that was probably causing the problem.  The problem was it was buried and getting it out would make noise.  He could wrap them, but he still might drop one.
Luke carefully capped the needle and set it on the counter.  He picked up the stethoscope so he could listen to Cas’ chest.  He seemed to move with deliberate slowness while he did it.  When he finished that he washed his face and hands.  Finally he came over to look at Dean while he dabbed at a split lip.
Castiel glared at the statute.  He felt the magic flow again.  “Guard him from harm until I return.”
Cas cocked his head to one side and then changed the subject.  “New movie at the theatre, want to grab it after school?”
Jack burbled happily and let go of the ceiling.  Both his fathers lunged toward him.  Dean caught his legs while Castiel managed to get his hands under Jack’s head before the baby hit the floor.  All three of them ended in a heap on the floor, but other than Castiel’s banged knee, no one was hurt.
It was easier going than he’d hoped for, the horses had no difficulty with the lower hills and by the time they reached the mountain proper they had found a clearly defined path.  In the forest it would have been overgrown ages ago as the forest reclaimed it, but here the worst damage done were a few low growing bushes and a bunch of weeds.  Not much was willing to try to split the rock to take a stab at growing.  They made their way single file along the winding path.  The path was wide enough for two to ride abreast, but it was a tight fit and Dean didn’t want to risk them finding a weak spot in the rock.
“Inside,” Dean barked.  He didn’t know what, if anything, was inside the openings.  He did know it was safer in there than on an exposed cliff face with a dragon breathing fire down on them.  The doorways looked large enough to fit a horse, but not a rider.  They’d have to dismount, which would slow them down a little.  Hopefully not too much.
Dean felt anger flare up.  “You’re asking him to cast a dangerous spell because you don’t want to get off your ass?”
She finished her tea and decided that if she sat there any longer she was going to fall asleep.  Instead she returned her mug to the kitchen and headed upstairs to tidy Jack’s room.
They stared at each other until the sun was fully up.  She yawned widely and stretched.  The cubs at her side stirred and blinked sleepily in the morning light.  They froze when they saw Dean.  Their mother stood and nudged them to move.  The three of them walked into the bushes without looking back.
The branch sunk deep into the manticore’s already injured chest.  The creature whipped its head toward Castiel and took a step off of Dean and in his direction.  It opened its mouth and Castiel thought it was going to howl again, but only a whimper came out.  A whimper followed by blood.  The creature slumped forward and collapsed to the ground.
Charlene glared at Rowena and spat into her hand.  “My word should be good enough for you witch.”  She shook the witch’s hand.  Dean didn’t see or feel anything, but suspected magic at work.
“If you’re brave enough sure,” Rowena said.  “It’s called the Fields of the Damned for a reason though.”
“Normally I would be preparing to accept you into the family,” the king waved at the papers on the table.  “But now I’ll be accepting Gilda into the family instead.  Not unhappy about that, but I might lose half the kingdom to her mother’s shrewd negotiations.”
He took his nephew’s hand and lead him to the stairs.  It took them several minutes to climb the stairs, Jack had reached an age where he wanted to do everything himself.  Once they made it to Jack’s room Sam helped him get ready for bed and seated himself at the foot of the bed when Jack was tucked in.
“It’s her roast chicken that would get me,” Donna admitted.  “But whattcha calling for?  I know already, but you’re gonna say it out loud.”
He slowly woke to find he couldn’t move his arms.  His head didn’t hurt, but his arms definitely were restricted.  So were his legs.  He swam up through the last few layers of sleep and opened his eyes.  He found himself sitting upright tied to his desk chair.
“I know enough.  You are either ensorcelled or in league with the sorcerer.  It does not matter which, you are in my way.”  The spirit raised his sword and swiftly brought it down at Dean.
“If you are cut from the same cloth as your brother knight than you are worthy of my brother’s praise.  You are made of sterner stuff than you appear boy.  I rescind my challenge.”
Cas chanted something Dean couldn’t understand for several breaths.  It grated against his ears and he was grateful when it stopped.  Cas said something else and the candles lit themselves.  He picked up the nearest bowl and began the chant again.  Dean tried to ignore how the words seemed to scrape the inside of his skull.
It took them a few days to reach the mountains, or more accurately, where the slopes leading up to the mountains began.  The land sloped upward toward the peaks.  Gently at first, but rapidly steeper.  He hoped the dragon wasn’t too far up.  He hadn’t brought any climbing equipment with him.
“Shit.  Okay. Yeah.  An angel.  An angel.  Fuck.  An angel.”  Luke’s eyes lit up and he snatched up a piece of wood from what was probably once a chair.  “I can’t treat this here.  Do you have a safe house nearby?  Something with medical or magic supplies?  Maybe both?”
Logically he knew that any adventure story had been edited down to the most exciting bits.  The storyteller might spend an hour regaling their audience with clever third sons of tailors and all the great deeds the boy got up to, but the teller left out the boring bits.  Sleeping under a wagon in the rain didn’t make for great fireside stories.  Nor did hiking across the entire kingdom on foot.  So Castiel had figured this would happen during this quest.  Long stretches of nothing interesting happening.  It was all just so boring.
“Jody’s dead.  Donna won’t talk to me.  Claire’s missing.  Cas is gone.  Sammy’s dead.”  The other Dean laughed quietly.  “I really do live alone in a cave.”
“And any time I was allowed to drive the Impala there was a lecture.  How to care for it, when to accelerate how to take turns and what type of gas to use.  Pre-care.  After care.  All of it. It’s a great car though, so I didn’t mind too much.
“It’ll be my word against a known witch’s word,” the man smirked.  “No one will believe her or you.”
“No idea,” Cas said.  “But I bet the faeries don’t know either.  My brother is capable of more than just parlor tricks and I think someone is about to get a lesson in what’s real and what’s not.”
The trees began to thin out and they soon rode into a clearing.  It wasn’t very big, but the frames of several stone buildings stood clustered together.  In the late afternoon light he could see that the roofs had all caved in.  They would keep the wind off them, but wouldn’t keep them dry if it rained overnight.
Because of her craft, Castiel was a little concerned about the gift she was going to give Jack.  He knew that at some point his son would be gifted a weapon, hopefully something small like a dagger first.  Jack was turning three and that seemed too young to have a blade.  He hoped Dean agreed with him on this front.
He chuckled to himself quietly when he thought of Cas pulling the sword out of the beast.  The wizard had struggled with it.  It was lodged deep in the manticore’s body.  When it had turned away from him to look toward Cas Dean had taken his only chance and shoved the sword in as deeply as he could.  Given how hard it was to pull out, he guessed it must have gotten stuck on a few things.  The struggle was almost comical and Dean had wanted to laugh, but he couldn’t do that.  He couldn’t laugh at Cas.  Cas had been great.  Dean should tell him that.  Maybe when they got to the elves.  He was tired and wanted to make sure he said it right.  And his shoulder was distracting him. Now wasn’t the time to tell the great wizard just how great he was.
“Thanks.”  Dean closed a few of the tabs.  Sam’s assessment had agreed with his own.  After a moment’s thought he closed some of the pictures showing braided bands.  He didn’t like the way they curved around.
It took him a moment to realize the pun he’d just made.  He laughed too.  “Didn’t mean to make it, but I’ll stand by it.”
The sunrise was beautiful the morning Dean began his quest to rescue Princess Charlene from the dragon.  He had spent the night preparing in a chapel near to the tent town.  It was a tradition for a questing knight to spend the night in contemplation prior to leaving on a quest.  He knew the sleepless night would catch up with him later in the day, but it was another one of those rules you just had to follow.
Tonight, he couldn’t indulge.  Dean knew the Impala inside and out.  Hell, he had even rebuilt Baby from the tires up a few times.  He knew exactly how to push her to get extra speed or a bit more mileage.  Tonight, he was using every trick he knew.  Even being careful he knew that he was going to have to give her a lot of TLC.  The engine would probably need to be taken apart entirely and cleaned after this trip.  The inside would definitely need to be wiped down.
“It is not a weapon human, it is a key,” the dwarf clarified.  “It does not belong here any more than I do.  It is dangerous to mortals.”
Traveling with Dean was interesting.  They’d had quite the adventure on their way to rescue Charlie.  Compared to that, this trip was boring.  Nothing happened at all.  Long days of easy conversation and nights spent by the fire talking before turning in for the night.  They could have traveled faster with magic, but he didn’t want to.  And Dean didn’t ask.
“Our parents made do,” Cas said.  “Not too many accidents.  A lot of the danger of magic is trying to doing something before you’re ready.  If you just pick up a book and try casting an advanced spell you’re going to get hurt.  You need to learn basic magic first and then build on that.  Generally by the time you can do something really dangerous you have the knowledge to be smart about it.”
“You probably need more guidance than the internet can give you,” Sam said.  “I won’t say anything to Dean, but these people could probably help you.”
“Yeah, it does.”  Dean freshened his own coffee.  “I’m grateful for what you’ve done already for him, but I didn’t think nurses could do everything you were doing.”
“It’s perfect and I would love to have it, but I can’t accept it.  You’ve already done so much for me.  You saved my life.”  He sheathed the sword and tried to hand it back to Cas.
“Why?  You could buy a pie, they’re not as good as a homemade pie.”  Castiel appreciated that she didn’t add that a store bought pie would be better than whatever he had just crafted.
“I’m on my way to the studio now,” Sam said.  He sounded a little out of breath.  “Probably going to have to walk.”
Even through the dirt Dean could see that a running horse had been etched into the metal.  The detail was impressive and he looked forward to seeing it all shined up.  It would take time, but he knew it would be worth it.  The armour was definitely enchanted, it would have been a pile of rust by now otherwise.  He had no idea what enchantments were laid on the armour, but he hoped Cas could help him with that.  Assuming that Cas was willing to talk to him.
“Castiel woke up.”  Luke stuck his arm across the doorway.  “And he asked me to give him some time to ‘put himself in order’.  He even used the air quotes while saying that.  Your man is an odd one Dean.”
Raphael didn’t like to use magic to instantly heal wounds.  It was more effective to accelerate healing and support the body until the wounds healed.  Instant magical healing would leave scars.  Scars that would inhibit his brother’s mobility.
The water was cold.  Very cold.  The shock of being submerged in it almost pulled Castiel’s breath away.  Through more luck than anything, he managed to keep his mouth shut and avoid losing his precious air.  There was a very real chance he was going to drown here, but that didn’t mean he had to give up immediately.
Dean held up his arm where the shield was still in place.  “I definitely didn’t have anything like this.”
The plan had gone off the rails, but in his defense how did one plan for a surprise dragon?  The creatures weren’t native to this kingdom.  They weren’t even native to the surrounding kingdoms.  That thing had flown for miles, over at least four kingdoms and a bunch of unclaimed territory that all the kingdoms claimed was theirs, to even get here.  There must have been a half dozen princesses or noble daughters that could have been snatched up before getting to this kingdom.  What made Princess Charlene so special?
They didn’t exactly run, but they quickly moved down the hall and found the door they were looking for.  Dean didn’t try the handle.  Instead, he just kicked the door in.  It bounced open and partially broke off its hinges.
“Don’t bother,” Gabe told him.  “Their minds are entirely gone.  The only mercy you can give them is a swift death.”
“Maybe I want to hang around a little longer brother.  It could be interesting.  Besides, the woman who currently has the job of court magician needs to lay down for awhile lighting candles.  She’s old and too tired to help with this.  So I accepted on the condition that it would only be for a few weeks to months.  Nothing longer than a year.”
“Show me one of these souls, perhaps there is something I can do.  There will be a cost brother.  Such magics aren’t free.”
The tapestry Naomi had woven earlier had been rolled out on the table.  It provided a birds eye view of the valley with the castle in the centre.  There was a wall surrounding the castle, in addition to the traditional stone wall.  Dean thought it looked like wood, but didn’t think it would be something so mundane.  Inside the outer wall was a black mass.  It moved around in an uncomfortable manner to watch.  Finer details were almost impossible to pick out, even about the castle itself.  The entire area inside the outer wall was constantly shifting.  It was difficult to focus your eyes on it.
Sam glanced around the tightly packed room.  It was unusual to have this many hunters in one place.  Even more unusual to have some non-humans mixed in without having fights break out.  It was unheard of, and he’d checked the lore on this point, to have them all together and this well dressed.  He remembered Bobby telling him once, “hunters don’t do formal wear”.  But here they all were.  Ties and suits and high heels as far as the eye could see.
He was so distracted with his thoughts about Cas that he didn’t hear the wizard when he spoke at first.  Cas had to call twice before Dean pulled himself out of his thoughts.
The man’s face fell.  “Oh.”  He brightened again.  And ran over to one of the tables.  He came back and held a pie out to Dean.  “If you cannot stay, I insist you take this as a small token of my thanks.  My daughter is safe and so is the future of our village.”
“No.  We don’t think anything suspicious is going on,” Dean said.  “Just wanted to ask a few questions if we could.  Sometimes things like this can be used as case studies for new recruits.  We don’t want to waste your time though.”
Gabe clapped him on the shoulder and laughed.  “Then try to enjoy yourself little bro.  It’s a beautiful day, not a cloud in the sky.  There are more than a few pretty faces and I’m pretty sure I saw a place to get a drink later that also has a pretty face to serve it.  There’s probably even someone trying to sell something you’d like.  All sorts of people come to these things.”
I meant to get this up the other day, but work was brutal and I was entirely too tired last night to finish it.  Hope you enjoy it.
There wasn’t much conversation which bothered Dean a little.  He had been traveling alone for so long he had begun to look forward to having a companion on this quest to have someone to talk to.  He hadn’t realized how much he’d been hoping to just talk with someone until it didn’t happen.  Castiel was grumpy and not in the mood for conversation.  Dean hoped it was just the early morning and that he would become a bit more talkative as the day progressed.  The wizard intrigued him and he wanted to get to know his companion a little better.
Cas lay just as still as he had been when Dean left.  Luke had removed all Cas’ clothes and piled them in a corner.  The witch had washed the blood from him.  Dean could see the basin of water on the counter.  Without all the blood the injuries were starting to show.  His entire body was covered with lacerations, some of them looked deep.  Dark purple and greenish bruises were starting to colour the skin.  His right shoulder didn’t seem to sit properly.
Castiel blushed and refused to look at his brother.  He did, however, pay a bit more attention during the fight.  It seemed to go on longer than some of the other matches, but it was clear that the knight in green was the better fighter.  The yellow knight could take a beating and it took quite some time before he eventually yielded.
Lucifer bowed.  “You called for my assistance, Castiel.  You rarely ask for help, I couldn’t ignore that.”
All of her experience came to the forefront for Castiel.  She guided him through the steps of the recipe and explained why everything had to happen in the order it did.  What things should look like and what they should feel like.  By the end of the his first lesson, which lasted longer than anyone else’s, Castiel had something that vaguely resembled a pie.  It tasted nothing like a pie.
The dark patch began to shape as he swam closer.  It was a mass of weeds.  Like the ones you’d find at the bottom of a pond.  At the centre of the mass was Cas.  The wizard was trussed up so tightly that he’d never get free by himself.  The weeds were densely coiled around his limbs and Dean was worried about cutting Cas while trying to free him.  To complicate matters, his lungs were starting to burn.  He was going to have to get back to the surface and return.
“What kind of key kills people?” Dean asked.  “Actually, never mind.  If you take it and go home will the damage it’s done go away?”
“We’ll need something faster,” Sam said.  “The longer we wait the more time Zachariah has to prepare.”
Gilda was awake the following morning.  True to her word, Rowena woke them all the moment the fairy was awake.  He quickly dressed and was surprised to see Cas already awake in the other room.  He hadn’t expected to see the wizard until much later in the day.
“Still,” Dean said.  He smiled and rubbed the back of his head.  “Can I buy you a drink after your shift?  To pay you back for being my ranger in shining armour.”
The smell of blood filled the Impala.  Even having the windows open wasn’t enough to air the vehicle out.  A good scrubbing might do the trick, but it was probably going to take a lot of work to get Cas’ blood out.
Dean had waved aside the man’s protests.  “Made it accurate.  The healers say it was the drink that killed him, but he died when mother did.”
“I do not say this lightly Sir.  It was an honour to spar with you.”  The other knight bowed briefly.  “And I would say the same if I had lost.  May the gods never pit me against you on the field of battle.”  He walked out of the tent and left Dean to the attention of the healer.
The Novak manor was large and it could take hours to find someone if they’d run off.  But despite not having been on speaking terms for years, Castiel remembered that Lucifer always preferred heights.  It didn’t take him long to find his brother on the balcony outside the library.
Scrawled around the poorly drawn ring designs were several quotes, phrases and just single words.  They were usually written out a few times.  Once in English and then in any number of languages, both living and dead.  He knew that sometimes words just sounded better in a language like French than they did in English.  None of them really felt right.  The Egyptian hieroglyphs for ‘beloved’ were close, but still not exactly right.  He hadn’t even bothered with Enochian.  His hands always cramped up badly when he tried.
The man seemed to slump deeper into his chains.  His voice was dull, almost resigned when he spoke.  “I guess that makes you hunters.  At least you’ll kill me faster than the wolves would.”  He pushed himself up a bit more into an upright position.  “My name’s Luke.  And yes I’m a witch.  But I’m also a nurse, and an amateur botanist and a chili enthusiast.  Hell, I’d be a husband now if I hadn’t dumped my fiancé after she cheated on me.  I’m not just a witch and I’d really like to get away from here.”
“Yeah, well I can,” Dean retorted. Jack went down the slide with a squeal. Landing at the bottom, he waved at them and Dean waved back.
“Shit—” Benny jerked back against the counter, twisting around. There, standing in the opposite corner of the room, was Castiel, just as he had looked in Purgatory. Dingy coat, rough beard. Dark circles under his eyes.
Cas nodded and stepped down to the asphalt. Dean watched him walk away before shutting the door and scrubbing a hand over his face. Grab a coffee, get on the road. He looked out the windshield again at the dark blue sky, stars fading, light creeping along the horizon, then snatched up his jacket and went out into the early morning.
He’d return in a few minutes, doubted anyone would miss him. Dipping his hands into the water helped cool the heat of his skin, but it did little to erase the image from his mind of Dean moving against Benny, the sound of Dean’s soft groan when the vampire slipped a hand inside his pants.
Castiel sighed, shoulders dropping. “I knew he would.” He looked down at the tower, leaning to one side. “I hoped he wouldn’t. I hoped he would move on.”
“Don’t you fucking leave again!” Dean told him, shoving Castiel again. This time, Castiel didn’t move.
“Just browsing,” Cas said. “I believe Dean wanted fruit to make a pie for tonight.” Looking for Dean, he scanned the center town square where the weekly farmer’s market took place, small tents and wide tables quickly becoming obscured by the growing crowds. They always had plans to arrive early to avoid the worst of the crowds, but unfortunately, mornings did not always agree with him. And this morning Dean had been particularly persuasive to stay in bed longer.
“It’s alright. Anna and Gabe—that’s one of my brothers—they call sometimes. Gotten easier since my dad passed. He, uh… he was the main reason I left.”
Stepping back, Cas let out a heavy exhale. “Fuck,” he said. “That’s the stuff, that’s what makes me wanna quit. I would’ve never been able to live with myself.”
So now they were bribing his family with food? Crossing his arms, Dean said, “I don’t know if you noticed, Zara, but we weren’t exactly expecting you or your, uh, attendants. Just how long are you planning to stay here?”
"Um. Well.” He choked down the rest of the bite and set the pretzel back on the plate. “These are, uh..."
“He wouldn’t give me a break,” Dean said. He gripped onto Jack’s hand, eyeing the dark waves. Jack kicked at one splashing at his feet, laughing.
They ate fried okra in Oklahoma City, beignets in New Orleans, and Dean requested "Earth Angel" on a jukebox in a vinyl and chrome diner in Wisconsin. Slid into the booth to press against Cas' side and watch him fill out postcards.
signs hung on motel doorknobs, winding backroads and detours. He grew out his hair and told Cas he needed a cut. Cas twisted his fingers through the strands, and mused, "I like it." Dean kept it and noticed the strands curled at the ends.
“She says she and Kaia have almost closed up the case." He set his phone aside. “They’ll be able to visit soon.”
“Hey!” Jack said, getting their attention. He balled up his fists on his hips. “No fighting! This is an exciting day!”
He felt about the same now, standing in Jody’s kitchen—off to the side so he wouldn’t be in the way during the frenzied preparations to attend the Sioux Falls Pride Parade. Music played from Patience’s phone, some song he recognized from Cas constantly turning the radio dial to the pop music station. Sam helped Kaia finish a sign decorated with the lesbian flag, and Eileen signed with Alex who was learning sign language in high school. Claire sat at the table painting Jack’s nails, who wriggled in his seat excitedly.
Castiel looked up sharply from the odd rock he’d picked up from the ground, silver streaks along the jagged surface. Only just agreed to stop for the night and Benny hadn’t even given Dean a chance to sit down and rest, was already grabbing his arm to pull him over.
“I hope I have suffered enough penance,” Castiel said, studying his tower. “But I have done so much wrong. Dean… He said the past was in the past.”
“Yeah. I get it.” He was lucky Bobby let him crash at his place during his hometime. Even if he was sharing the house with the ornery bastard, at least he had his own room, a kitchen, familiar spaces. Cas jumped from motel to motel on his time off. Couldn’t be easy.
“A little help here?” Sam asked from underneath the beach umbrella, which was refusing to stay open. Eileen laughed at him as she plunked down her chair and Cas rescued him.
Castiel scoffed. “Do I need to remind you that you’re in Purgatory at the moment?” He nodded to their right. “Three werewolves, roughly two miles away. Without me, they would have snuck up on you.”
“Woah, kid, you outdid yourself,” Dean said, taking it from him. Three stick figures, each a bit taller than the next. Two with wings, one in a blocky shirt which looked suspiciously like flannel.
The words worming their way into his head suddenly cut off as Benny appeared above them and slashed the monster’s head off. Castiel rolled aside, letting the twitching body collapse to the ground. Grass and dirt stuck to the ooze coating his hands. He spit, wiping his face with the back of his hand. A few feet away, Dean gave the first fallen Leviathan another few stabs for good measure.
Going back inside, he ordered another beer and tried not to glower at Dean. Far as everyone else was concerned, he didn’t have an opinion on Dean’s leaving. He shouldn’t care one way or another.
He wished so badly he had never made all the mistakes he had. Wished he was worthy to join the righteous man on Earth. Wished he had the boldness of Benny, a vampire, to ask Dean for his blood, his body.
“Not safe,” Castiel managed. A demon had sat by his hospital bedside to protect him. A demon watched over him at night because he could not speak or move. Weak.
Words like a blow to the chest. Dean couldn’t think, couldn't reply, and Cas continued, still in the rushed way, too urgent, as if he was running out of time, “I’ve loved you for a long time now, and I think we could have a real shot at something together—”
Orange light bled through the blind-covered window in the cab, and his eyes adjusted to the semi-darkness so he could see the outline of Dean’s body, facing away from him, bare shoulder rising slightly with every sleeping breath.
Castiel’s fingers curled into the once soft material of his pant legs. Hearing movement behind him, he couldn’t resist looking over his shoulder. Benny was sitting down on a log next to Dean, straddling it so he could pull Dean back against his chest.
Dean laughed. “Yeah, this is my second drive in a row, only a day off in between. After this one, I’ll have a week and a half off. Think I’ll go visit my brother.”
“Do you want anything?” Cas asked Claire, and Claire looked through the box. She grabbed a pentagram pin and, seeming to copy her, Jack grabbed another one, clutching several pins already in his fists.
Cas had learned a little too much about love from him, though, it seemed. Too willing to give and not receive. Not a fault, but Dean was tired of not asking for love, of denying himself something that he needed like oxygen. He thought Cas might be too.
Dean stared at him. And, yeah, he guessed he had told Cas to leave. But Cas should know by now that he was an idiot who usually said the wrong things. “I didn’t mean it,” he said. “I’ll go crazy if you leave, honest. I can’t…” He thought about how empty the bunker felt when Cas left for even a day, thought about how much it killed him to see Cas with Zara, and said, almost desperately, “I can’t do that. You leaving.”
