"What, are you saying you don't think it will work?" Tony asked in confusion and not a little bit of indignation and Luke chuckled, shaking his head again.
It was no wonder because every movement the strange kat made was viciously quick and brutal in force. Tony had no doubt that the tom could cut his way through six more rounds of security forces and not so much as need to take a breath. And he was sure it was another kat that or the equally swift and cutting motions of his tail, which seemed to be lined with metal barbs, were some of the best robotics Tony had ever seen in his life and he wasn't actually sure which one he'd prefer.
Good. If the shelter staff or any of the residents felt like they were better off robbing him and striking out on their own then trusting him to keep them safe, he wasn’t going to blame them at this point but he was going to throw everything he could at it.
T’Challa didn’t immediately answer. He sat silently opposite Tony, looking for all the world like he wanted to protest but was choosing (rather wisely) to hold his tongue and consider the words coming out of Tony’s mouth. Like Tony was a reasonable adult worth taking seriously. Huh.
“I have heard that here in the west, it is not uncommon for lovers to refer to their partners this way. I didn’t think I’d like it, but please, continue changing my mind.”
That was probably good enough reason for Natasha to get scowly and start flexing her claws.
"Oh is that what this is about? Cause I thought this was about you and your need to be in control, but sure we can talk about me. We've kind of been there, done it a lot, but hey, talking about me never gets old."
He didn't like it.
And truthfully, Tony was almost dizzy with relief because for a horrible moment there he'd thought that Bruce was telling him he was sick of waiting and that he'd given up on the idea of bonding with someone like Tony, because really when you think about it that would probably be the smart thing.
“Are you going to tell him?”
Okay, so maybe he had been a touch moved by the big brown eyes and the whole warrior tom schtick and was just a tad resentful. A tad.
A storm is coming. Tony is not prepared, but maybe he is not alone this time either.
“You. Small pint. What are you doing here?”
familiar.
But nothing about this feels simple, and that man… that Mr. Allen… he’d called him Bucky too. He wants to know who that kit is, and why Tony keeps forcing him to walk inside his skin like this. The fact that Tony is the one in control here is undeniable.
"Oh?"
Steve on the other hand was still being a pissy kitty about it, if you pardon the expression.
"Sounds fun." Clint decided after a small beat.
“You should ride with me,” Rhodey says and even knowing how it will end, he (Tony) wills them to smile with arrogance and go on thinking themselves untouchable.
He wasn’t. Not to say he didn’t have anxiety about it (because he did). He wasn’t completely against it because while he might not be able to trust himself, he’d always been able to trust the numbers and the data didn’t lie.
Fitting Tony thought, because he’s getting the idea that he’s looking right at all of Steve’s demons.
Okay look it’s like this. Tony drank some alien soup once that blew his mind so wide open he saw a glimpse of the future. A future where he was mated to the guy of his literal dreams and they had a kid. Great looking kid. Cute kid. Perfectly symmetrical all American baby gap cute kid, with Steve’s blue eyes and dark hair likely from Tony’s side of the gene pool (not that he’s obsessed over this much) and just… just a really amazing kid. A kid that was the embodiment of everything Tony had never thought he’d get the chance to have. No big deal.
"Happy blew up your tank." Tony remembered, pulling his eyes away from Stone who Natasha noticed hadn't looked anywhere else besides Stark since he'd sat down. The tom's air was confident unlike Hansen. The contrite way he held his shoulders and the imploring looks he kept giving Tony were just dressing. He was very sure of himself and his purpose there. It was irritating, but Natasha kept her peace, mindful of the explosive tempers of her teammates.
They're all here because they want to do the right thing and stop people like the Ten Rings and Thor's dick of a brother when it's tantrum time, and that's enough. He's not going to burden them further.
It’s just ego.
Natasha demanded as Tony opened his eyes.
“Don’t misunderstand me Captain Rogers," the tom continued diplomatically. "Your past is important and Tony would no doubt be touched by your willingness to share it, but you would be wise not to forget that Tony is a man of the future. If he is anything like the Queen’s of old, in his blood is the desire for the kingdom of tomorrow. If you are to stand at his side your heart can not belong to yesterday.”
The neighbors report a ruckus in time to save them, but not Becca.
The Light Shield was the only known link besides OSCORP that they had to the mercenaries and Tony was determined to crack it open and learn its secrets. It was highly advanced touch technology, which meant that by just holding it in his hand Tony could interact with its operating system. But whatever intelligence was running things inside the device was complicated and well defended, possibly even more so than JARVIS, and Tony had yet to hack through its defensive systems.
With such a light staff Killian's arrival had made a splash, curious bodies gravitating to the center of the warehouse and Natasha followed them, a silent shadow above, capturing photos as she went and trusting Tony could get something out of them in the horrible lighting.
Given that Bruce had a feral monster living inside him that threatened to come leaping out every time his adrenaline spiked, you’d think that he would be firmly against the whole living amongst ferals and pride bonding thing.
Tony ignored her in favor of the excitable child in front of him and focusing on their pressing predicament.
His repulsor blasts struck and let up a bunch of sparks and smoke but true to his prediction it did little more than cause the thing to drop a few feet in the air before it collected itself and turned all of its pissed off in Tony’s direction.
~*~*~*~
"Charlatans and louts, the lot of them," he often mutters as they drive by beggars in the street, many who Tony knows will send their women to capture your attention with tearful pleas even as their boys empty your pockets. He's seen it happen.
"Well, it led to todays hearing. They want to push a military handler on him."
“And Teddy.”
“We are changing things.” Amory piped up from down the table, eyes still glued to his screen. “Our presence alone creates a ripple in the continuity. The future we lived in still exists in some dimension, but just by being here we’ve already created an alternate future.”
It was the best Tony could do at an apology he didn't want to make when he wasn't any good at apologies to begin with. He was better with actions. He'd make it up to them with upgrades or in Natasha's case actually coming through with the laser knife. Wouldn't that technically be a light saber? Whatever, he was totally going to make her a light saber.
“Bond with me, tonight.” Tony repeated, pressing up against his solid warmth. He rubbed his cheek against Steve’s shoulder and purred, loving the way his whole body lit up from the friction. Loving the way Steve smelled, all strong and willing and
“It’s unlikely. He was hovering by your bed until I kicked him out. Instead of going home to sleep like I told him to, he's camped in Steve’s room.”
“It’s not that simple. The surgery it’s… we’ve prepared the best we can, but the reality is, it’s going to get messy.” Tony wrinkled his nose as his brain conjured up all the ways in which it could go horribly wrong. Steve bit back a grin, gaze tracking the twitch of his whiskers and Tony shot him a sour look.
She tensed, reminded of the doctor scheduled to come every couple of days for home care and the tom who assisted him.  She didn't like unanswered questions, and Luke Debar was definitely an unknown, his presence an anomaly and his sudden appearance within their carefully maintained social bubble suspicious. More tellingly his SHIELD file was thin.
“Sir, your order has just arrived and is on its way up,” JARVIS interjected in that moment and as if on que, Peter’s stomach rumbled.
"Tony I'm sorry for letting my worry get the better of me." Steve began again, confident this time as he slowly reached for Tony's hand and Tony allowed him to take it. "You've been careful with this and you've gone to people you trust for help who know way more about it than I do. So on this one I'm just gonna trust your judgment. I'll even hold your ice chips for you when you wake up."
Fire away, fire away.
He’d barely been able to eat or sleep the days before and Uncle Ben had teased him, asking Peter if he knew what he would say to his crush when he met him. Which had made Peter blush and groan that crushes were gross.
“Are you okay Tony?” Harley’s worried eyes looked up at him as the kit laid a hand tentatively against his side.
“Yeah, Cap, believe it or not I don’t get much say once the World Security Council gets involved, and believe me they’re involved.” Fury grumbled, coming around the table to take his seat. “They’ve got their eyes on Wakanda. It’s a wild card and they don’t like wild cards. They want to know what they’re dealing with, and for that we need access to the country. All attempts at espionage have failed in the past.”
"Tony's right." Rhodey said through tight lips. "Stay. We might need a medic."
"It was a nightmare. They can't hurt him anymore, or you." Tony insisted when she fell silent. She gave him a look.
In front of him Tony sniffed him rather loudly and, wrinkled his nose.
"What about you?" Tony turned toward T’Challa, corralling his wayward thoughts. “How come you’re here. Weren’t you scared I would turn your brain to mush? Seems an awfully big risk for a prince to take."
And that's how Tony makes his first friend, but his heart is sinking because he knows Hughard will never allow it. He'll send Rhodey away and Rhodey will either end up in prison for stealing food, starved to death, or getting on a ship to somewhere else. None of which Tony finds acceptable.
It's the eve before Tony's nano-surgery and the commencement of Resilience marks the beginning of a new era for Gata. They say change invites challenge, and the rule appears to be true for the avengers as a brand new kind of villain appears on the scene.  Pride Avengers must team up with T'challa and his team to solve the mystery behind the sudden appearance of enhanced Gata soldiers but Tony's first priority as Queen must be to secure the well being of his Pride and that means pulling on threads he's already been warned to leave alone.
It wasn't news to Tony or anyone paying attention to world politics that the UN had reached out to Wakanda.
“He doesn’t even have time for the salute. Happy just pulled the car up and the traffic on FDR is ridiculous right now. Let’s go gang. Clint fix your tie.” Pepper announced like a drill sergeant and like the smart little underlings they knew they were they all complied without complaint. The drive was, well a drive across town during rush hours, during a big deal event so by the time Happy was being waved through the gates of the private entrance at JFK Tony was ready to kill himself. That or strangle Clint who wouldn’t stop griping about Tony’s music choice.
Bucky had been a Queen like Tony. Steve still didn’t completely understand the full implications of that any more than Tony or Fury did for that matter; but he knew what his feelings meant. He knew what he’d have done if there was any way to go back. But there wasn’t, and more than anything Steve just wanted to do right by his memory. He couldn’t do that if he was too broken to function. Which was what made the whole thing so frustrating. Until that night on the roof.
Thor blinked at him for a moment and then started to laugh heartily and Tony's mouth split into a grin.
He was going to have to have another talk with Thor about the meaning behind pulling his punches.
T’Challa sighed and sat down beside him.
“Sources or it's fake.” Clint grunted and Phil's mouth twitched toward a smile.
“I’m your Queen.” He reminded them both with deliberation and Natasha narrowed her eyes at him.
He heard the jet passing over their heads, heading toward the landing field behind the facility, but he didn’t wait. The frightened screaming of those still trapped inside with the enemy was ringing in his ears and the thirst for blood gripping him.
“If there’s no Civil War it means our parents don’t meet.” Tommy appeared at Nyota’s shoulder as if out of thin air and she jumped, scowling at him.
“Tony?” Steve’s breath is a humid plume against his skin as he leans close, eyes dark as they drink in what he’s doing to Tony, how he’s just wrecking him.
"How did you know about the trace?" Tony asked, no beating around the bush; though he didn't expect a straight answer so he was surprised when he got one.
“We were approaching sixty hours.” Bruce answered and Tony blinked in shock. He’d slept for nearly
"I always practice safe hook ups, Sir."
Everyone turned and looked at her but if Natasha was at all bothered by the intense scrutiny or the shock rippling across her teammates faces she didn’t show it.
Tony waved the words away dismissively.
“I will send Ms. Potts the details.” T’Challa replied evenly and Tony nodded seriously in agreement. Way too seriously, for far longer than the exchange really warranted.
“Those comics were crap.” he heard Steve say from a distance. He sounded distracted and Tony let his head flop back to get a good look at what he was doing. Huh they were inside now. Neato.
Steve trailed off, swallowing thickly and the room was deadly quiet.
And it wasn't even her birthday.
“Thor helped me make the ornaments.” Harley offered. “Mom taught me how to make a sled once, but I figured out how to make other stuff too. This is a manger for the Christmas goats.”
Grimacing Bruce took another deep breath, licked his lips. He kept his eyes on the counter because he didn't think he'd be able to get the words out if actually looked at Steve.
“The point is, I understand you. I was broken once myself, too broken in fact for the great Tony Stark to even look twice at, but I found a way to perfect myself. I can help you and the other gata like I’m helping Mr. Stone.”
"I was riding the short bus?” Tony asked slowly, everything still sinking in. He still couldn’t believe what he’d done, the things he’d seen in that strange place. Which had to be real right? All those people those other Queen’s, they’d really been there.
The anger that had been quietly simmering within Tony since they'd arrived hiked up a notch. He could deal with being talked at like he was in nappies. That wasn't any different from the same old bullshit he got back home. But if this woman thought he'd come all this way just to be ignored she had another think coming. Because now that Tony had seen how their armor worked he knew they had the answers he was looking for. If he could just get a few samples he was sure he could figure out the rest from there.
“You think you’re gonna be something better than me?” Spittle hits the side of their face.
Bruce paused, not because he agreed with Tony that it was a show worth flicking back to, but because Tony's nails were digging rather threateningly into the soft flesh of his wrist.
“Come here gorgeous.”
Steve blinked the memory away and sighed. If only that had proved to be true.
"Are you bored little halfling?"
“Alright we’re done here.” He decided, firing without further warning and though he was not surprised when the blast shattered the tree branch and sent debris crashing to the forest floor with no sign that Loki had ever been there, it didn’t stop relief from making his legs feel weak.
Tony had fallen into an exhausted sleep in the Bruce’s arms after a two-day work binge in the lab had been interrupted by another sudden flare of Heat. He’d been having them off and on for the last two weeks, ever since his cycle had been interrupted first by the suppressants he’d willingly taken and then by the virus he’d been forcibly injected with.
Don’t cheat yourself out of happiness, Stark he reminded himself as he sauntered up to the man.
“Tony, I didn’t know, okay.” Rhodes was saying as Happy pulled the car away from the courthouse. He was sitting opposite Tony and Natasha, looking tense and somewhat apologetic in the face of Tony’s deeply annoyed expression.
So people are stupid. They all swallow their tongues and freeze because even with reports that the Alurio were closely tied to the royal house – heck even with Panther Pride in the damn title – it hadn’t occurred to any of them that Prince T’Challa himself might be Gata.
Steve shrugged as if to say ‘if the shoe fits’ and Tony glowered at him.
Tony blinked at him, startled for a moment.
Tony wobbled on his feet as silence descended once more and his head pounded with headache. Jesus Christ that shit was not fun, and likely to cause Parker some sort of permanent hearing damage if he let it linger on. Steve had the serum, so he’d probably heal up fine from a burst eardrum or too.
"That's the funny bit. I'll tell you what we're doing here Rogers, but first, do you want to know how they sold me on this gig to begin with?" Tony continued on before Steve could answer. "They sent Clint in to get my measure. You know, figure out what my pressure points were, what made me tick. But knowing Cyclops here, he already had a fair idea where to start because it's obvious he did the reading."
Natasha’s fingers had stilled on her tablet, pulling her eyes away from her work to stare at the Colonel because that hadn’t been a lecture. It was a warning. The incident at the shopping center had been all over the news that morning. An unidentified man had entered a shop, gotten into an argument with someone inside and exploded with enough force to destroy the store and blow out a section of the building. Police had suspected a terrorist with a homemade explosive until salvaged security footage had shown the perpetrator self destruct the same way their attackers at the safe house had.
When he’s done with her Brian steps over Becca’s body as he advances on them.
God help them, everyone.
“Pepper, is that you?” Tony gaped at him, feigning shock as he reached for the steaming mug. “I’m so sorry your majesty. When she said she was always watching, I didn’t think she’d stoop to possession. I hope this doesn’t go on the books as an international incident.”
“Now Hugh, you and I both know Maria wouldn’t have that. It’s all these strikes and this talk of reformation Tony, it’s getting people worked up." He says, turning to Tony once more. "Some people aren’t happy with their share; they want more and to push the others out. The board wants your father to pass some pretty strict referendums that would make things hard for the revolutionaries to keep disrupting the business and make the men at the yard a lot safer, but… Well, it’s complicated.”
“Tony, I’m sure you know that a lot of people are very concerned about this passion project of yours.”
Ever. But Steve didn’t need his mind blown any more right now.
Snickering, Tony slowed down considerably and took his time selecting a shirt. Pepper of course saw right through him and gave him one of her ‘behave or I’m going to drown you in paperwork’ looks.
He heard Steve chuckle behind him, felt the warmth of his mirth bubbling over the link already so much stronger between their minds. Someday soon they’d be fully bonded Tony thought with eager anticipation, but right now he had to somehow keep a thirteen-year-old kit who refused to stay down from getting himself killed.
Huh, so whatever the Dora Milaje’s function they must be close enough to the prince to form a certain level of familiarity.
Rhodey had managed to throw his weight around and pull enough strings to get an interview, and the conversation they’d had was pretty demining all things considered.
“The boy must be punished this time. Properly. And no ending punishment early because Shuri batts her eyes at you. They gang up on you and you always fall for it.” Her eyes finally move down to him and they make him hunch his shoulders in shame.
They’re fifteen. There are ropes around their legs. A larger body is pressed down against theirs and they’re choking on tears and rage because they Do Not Want THIS – but their body has betrayed them, their mind a haze of twisted impulses and cravings that defy all reason. It’s not long before the others realize the well has run dry, that they took a chemical torch to it in a fit of defiance (a knife to their own flesh) because they’’ll always burn the field before they let it succor their enemies. They are struck over and over, so they curl into a defensive ball and wait for the storm to pass, the devils screeching in their ear.
“But I bet Dyson is billing us for every hour his men are just sitting around picking their asses on my land.” He scoffed in reply. “This is about money Pep. He thinks he can take advantage of the situation and squeeze more money out of me.”
Ok, he wasn’t being entirely fair. There had been good things about spending part of his year in Richardsville. Ma Rogers for one.  A more amazing woman does not exist. She’d run the little clinic in town with Doc Connors for as long as Tony could remember and had been a part time nurse over at the youth home just as long.
"He has several, two of them I'm almost certain are almost literally for putting up with me."
At that moment there was a rustling sound behind him and Natasha’s eyes snapped to something over his shoulder.
Bruce’s thoughts brushed his gently, soft with concern. He could feel Steve and Natasha there too, attentive and curious.
Even without a building map it was fairly easy for Natasha to navigate her way around. The facility was mostly deserted and they'd only bothered to light the areas where stations for lab work and other necessary functions had been set up.
“I heard you humming it quite frequently in the tower,” T’Challa admitted, a tad bashfully. Tony’s grin turned into a bit of a snicker.
And I miss you, Tony thought, but he honestly wasn’t trying to put pressure on Steve so he kept the thought to himself. There was so much going on he didn’t blame either one of them for getting lost in the soup. Steve seemed to really focus on him and a slow smile, much more genuine than the last, creeped over his face as he leaned close.
For years Tony had done nothing but try and burn the memory of that man away. No more Anthony.
Worse, the sheepish way that Thor was looking at them all made him certain the answer to Clint’s question was yes.
"Her parent got pushy. Phil did some digging." Clint replied with another shrug but his mouth got tight around the words. Tony almost wished he could see his eyes behind his sunglasses. "He was a little too invested in breeding her and way too friendly with senator Stern for my comfort."
“No. You must stop thinking of yourself as someone expendable Tony. You are possibly the least expendable person in the universe just as you are, but as a Queen you are the heart and soul of the bond that connects us all. And there is nothing temporal or easily set aside about it. To have that heart taken away is devastating to a Pride.” The tom warned with gravity and Tony swallowed as he leaned closer across the table, his hand reaching for Tony’s.
"Again, it may not be my business." Luke chuckled and Steve had the strange urge to snap at him that it really wasn't his business. He bit his tongue, cause that wouldn't have been very fair. He'd come in here looking for advice, he couldn't really be upset at the guy for offering it. Even if he knew Tony the least out of all of them.
Turning the word over in his head helped to calm the pounding of his heart. Helped center his thoughts so that he could see better the paths in front of him, including the one he knew was forbidden, the one that winded deep down into the dark heart of who and what he was.
Oh fuck. Is what he thought. He remembers that pretty clearly too.
"I like the new nose by the way. What's your surgeons name? It isn't Becker is it? Did you see that botch job he did on TLC? Well I didn't because TLC, but Youtube it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve stayed by Tony’s side until they finished with him and moved on to Bruce, his expression as unreadable as a book in brail but Tony could practically hear the buzz of worry going on in his head.
Tony woke in a cold sweat, his heart pounding. The dreams had plagued him almost nightly since he and the team had returned from Asgard. Well, more accurately speaking they were Natasha's, and when they held her mind in grip while she slept she couldn't always keep her walls up. Her distress called to him, so thanks to their stunt in Asgard, Natasha was all messed up in the head about Ivan and Tony had a front row seat to the horror show.
You did what you had to sometimes, to get the job done. Sometimes you convinced yourself it was for the greater good. But when Tony had told him about the Stones, the bastards who'd strapped a fifteen-year-old to a mounting block and told him to think of what a gift he was giving them – he couldn't blame Tony for not trusting people, and not wanting to bring a kid into a world this cold.
But trying to explain to Aunt May that he hadn’t while coming up with some reason why
Natasha's voice floated quietly through his mind and Tony frowned in worry as he felt her pulling away from him.
Ah. They were back to this, because apparently, no romantic gesture would be complete without discussing the fact that Tony was well and truly with someone else and doing their very best to undermine that. Now would it? Slowly Tony withdrew his hand from under T’Challa’s.
Also be warned. Herin there be Winterwiddow, Stony & Stucky and massive amounts of foreshadowing because everybody's shit is about to get fucked up. ;)
“You’re only free when you’re dead.”
His father lowers him to the ground as mother approaches, the crowd parting for her like she is a great ship cutting through water. Father looks at her the way a man should look at his mate he thinks proudly. He looks at her like she is the sun, come to greet them all for the rise of another day.
It was an insane risk to take, but T’Challa was still there and what with how loud Bruce’s thoughts were as they tumbled through Tony’s mind, the impenetrable silence coming from T’Challa was almost startling in contrast.
If God’s were real and perhaps kinder, he would have been a hunter in one of the prides of old. She wondered sometimes if that might not be the source of the deeply seeded rage that had given Hulk life. Perhaps like her, inside Bruce there was an innate understanding of the brutal and violent nature in which he had been broken and then remade. With an understanding like that there was no soothing. No redemption. Just a violent revenge.
“How will that affect your work as Avengers?” Coulson wanted to know, and Thor echoed his worries, wanting to know how a potential bond could affect the team with his frequent need to return to Asgard.
He seemed comfortable with it, like he was used to having others eyes on him and his words carefully considered. Tony knew a thing or two about commanding attention, but it was never truly natural to him. He could put the show on effortlessly by now, of course he could, but that wasn’t his true skin. His true skin was an oil stained pair of jeans and a ratty band t-shirt.
Not that he didn't think the sex would be good.Tony was an attractive guy, Steve didn't see a point in saying otherwise, and the kiss they'd shared had been dizzying. But the ache he felt... That was about finding a way to blow away the darkness that kept swallowing up his head. These days, it was like he only really felt alive during a fight. That and when he’d had his tongue down Stark’s throat, but Steve didn’t need to be a head shrink to know that probably wasn’t a healthy coping tactic or very fair to either of them.
"We can be glad you got your old man’s nose, can't we my boy? Thank God for that."
I am SO SORRY this took ages. It was meant to include Tony meeting Peter for the first time and the team getting called out to fight the mercenaries again but I didn't want to keep people waiting. If you're still here and wanting more of this story let me know. I am holding to my promise that as long as you're here I will do what I have to in order to finish.
Studying BX and harvesting it for use in the nanobots had forced Tony to put several other projects on the back burner though. And if he was going to keep to his word and discover Catman's identity by Tuesday he only had three more days to do it.
Still he stared at Tony’s back, every word he spoke laced with earnestness.
And Bruce happened to think Tony was a bit at fault for that.
Uncle Steve would have hated it, she thought with a fleeting smirk. But it was too painful to think about her aunts and uncles, and the family she might never see again, except for in pale imitation.
"Aren't you the feral little thing."
Princess wiggled the cup invitingly, sloshing its contents and Tony arched a brow at her asking, “who told you how I take my coffee?”
"Tony look out!" Steve's voice burst suddenly within the room and Tony had a split second to process the warning as the kat threw the silver disk back at him like an Olympian frisbee player.  He’d just accepted the fact that there was no time to deflect it and braced himself for the hit when he was suddenly yanked from behind and out of the way.
"I can't speak on the condition of the terrorists, and it is important Ms. Everhart to remember that those people were involved in an act of terrorism, but as for Anthony's condition, I say fragile because it's a well-known fact that kats in heat are cognitively impaired, and feral kats have been historically known to become volatile without stabilizing influences."
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s a genetic trait more commonly found in African Gata, who are closer to true Alurio.” Tony explained. “I don’t imagine you run into many black kats at the country club.”
And that was of course exactly why Tony had chosen to dress the way he had. It was about letting everyone see. Flaunting what they couldn’t own.
“I’ll think about it. I promise I will. Is that all Mr. Stark?”
They’re raiding Maria’s House, which means that if Tony didn’t know about the attack as soon as Phil did, he knew about it before and the press aren’t going to be far behind.
his laser shield thingy at him.
Sonia listened carefully, nodding slightly as the girl went along. Her body language remained casual, as if she had not decided how invested she was in the conversation yet.
“So we’re on our own until then.”
That was what Tony was afraid of actually.
He knows. He’s trying, but he’s not strong enough. Not on his own.
When the soldier is still again, silent, deadly and compliant, Madame orders him to kill them once more.
"Thanks J. Any sign of our favorite guest?"
"Aye, many strange beasts dwell on Múspell. The fiercest of which are the fire giants - " Fandral's sentence was cut short however when RaTu batted him over the head with an annoyed swipe of her hand, a low growl rumbling in her throat.
“No offense Agent Romanov, but when it comes to their tech we’re out classed. Until we know exactly what they’re capable of, I wasn’t going to risk sending you in to a death trap.” He explained with a tired sounding grunt. “And just between you, me and the crows, taking what we want by force isn’t the way to go with these guys. They’re more useful as allies than enemies and I think we have a real shot at that with the Avengers. Your existence intrigued them enough to consider opening the door, but they weren’t going to do that until they’d assessed the situation for themselves without interference. Like I said, my hands were tied.”
Tony hadn’t seen very many pictures of him growing up, most of the surviving images focused on Steve anyway, and the comic book renderings hadn’t been known for their accuracy. The Bucky Tony remembered from the comics he devoured as a boy had been the typical hyper sexualized human fantasy. He’d been this incredibly slender little twink who looked perpetually trapped at fifteen years old, with whiskers and eyelashes for days who ran around in a red and blue catsuit!
Tony blinked, dragging his eyes from his teammate to find the irritatingly calm ones of the aid assigned to sit with them and make sure they didn’t collapse or something of that nature. He was offering a steaming cup in one hand, an interestingly sweet (but unmistakably planty) sort of smell wafting from it and Tony stared balefully at the offering.
By the time the others arrived Tony had already blasted apart the trucks and left a fiery trail behind him leading into the building.
And the thing about Natasha was that even when she was delivering dire omens worthy of a mystic, and even if the KGB had plucked her whiskers in the name of super-spy-dom, she still flicked her eyes over her shoulder in a warning glance and murmured "watch your six" out the side of her mouth, before Tony could even fathom there was a danger.
He’d stood his ground even though that thing could have pulverized him and then the thing was suddenly just a smoking pile of rubble and the real Ironman was there, congratulating
“I’m sorry. I didn’t want… you know I didn’t want-” Tony’s airway was closing again. He closed his mouth with a gasp, shivering as he gulped desperately for air, cringing at the thought of Natasha witnessing him cracking this way. It was strangely more invasive then having her share his memories, even some of his most terrible. Maybe it was because there wasn’t anything truly wrong with him. He wasn’t being tortured. He wasn’t under fire, he was just falling apart after the fact because he wasn’t strong enough to take it.
There was a deeply laced disgust underlining Luke's words now, a barely controlled sort of rage that made what hair hadn't been singed off on Clint's body raise.
"What, the lauded Avengers Pride is not as feral as you'd hoped it would be or something?" Tony asked, curious what it was that other kats were thinking about this whole project. Most probably thought it was crazy and too far outside the envelope to be comfortable, but he knew that some must see it as an opportunity. Hope for the future. At least he hoped so. It was the only reason he'd caved and agreed to give it a shot.
“A monarch can demand whatever they want and punish however they like when they are met with defiance.” She replied, her green eyes cutting.  “Is that really how you want to play this?”
“But, can’t Billy just open a portal to send us to the future?” Matai asked. “Wouldn’t that be simpler?”
Even though it meant she was finding him irritating he almost smiled because he appreciated that she called things how she saw them.
“That’s good, Stevie. Now come on home.” Bucky’s voice had been soft but firm in his ear, guiding him like some sort of north star when it was too hard to see through the dark of his worry and the anticipation of grief. And then Bucky’s breath had hitched, a telling hesitation behind his sigh before he’d dropped the final bomb.
"I couldn't smell him the same way, before the serum," Steve announced into the blue and Bruce quietly listened, only moving to turn off the heat on the stove once the kettle began to make threatening rattles.
Tony had always found the domestication drugs repugnant, but he’d never found the scents of other Gata as grating as he found it now. He’d been used to it before the team (everyone smelled that way besides him) but now it was like he couldn’t stand it. Not after surrounding himself with a team of ferals, and certainly not after experiencing firsthand what Andre Dyson’s probably ridiculously expensive cologne was trying to imitate.
The guy in the medic uniform though looked like he’d never been timid a day in his life and that was just off. Something was off, but Tony couldn’t think right now, with all the noise and the smells and the trauma beating at his senses. He closed his eyes and tried to block it all out.
Romanov inclined her head slightly in acknowledgement of his words but apparently had nothing more to say on the subject. Whatever her thoughts on his methods she kept to herself but there was something softer about her when she looked back at him.
Happy Sunday!
Oh. This was bad. This was very bad.
“Fair point,” Steve acknowledged, taking a long look at those rafters and calculated, changing his grip on his shield and let fly. Predictably the tom leaped out of the way of the flying disc but Steve had figured for that. It was incredibly satisfying to watch the shield catch the tom on its rebound and knock him loose from the rafters. Steve already knew how agile the man was and wasn’t one for repeating his mistakes, so that by the time T’Challa had twisted himself into a position to grab the railing on his way down Steve was already there to take him out.
Stay in the moment, he reminded himself. The future will be whatever you make of it. And this right here, this beginning with Steve and the team. It was good too. Just right.
“I’m sure he’s got it covered. Being a medic and all.” Tony muttered as he rooted around in the refrigerator for his specialty yogurt, the one made on that Swedish farm he liked. He only really got a craving for cream once every three months or so (coincidently right around his heat) so sue him for liking what he liked.
"This isn't my first rodeo Rogers. You're not the first guy I've been with who wanted to walk on the wild side." Tony eyed the sign with distaste.
“Kinky. Now that you’ve seen the preview do you want to revisit your ‘I don’t sleep with men whose names end in Stark’ policy, Romanov?” He preened, laughing as Natasha laser eyed him.
He might still have rallied himself toward defensiveness, if only for his own pride's sake, if not for the gentle way the tom added, "Your loss would be a terrible thing for a great many, myself included. I hope you will reconsider consulting with Miss Cho and Dr. Banner before making further changes."
When he’d run ahead of the team. Ignored good sense and all their warnings to stop and wait. He’d just lost it, and now Steve was hurt. Clint was hurt. It was his fault.
They burry themselves in work. As long as the work is good Ross is happy. They try not to ask for extra or to reach above their station. Betty urges them to push for more. She gets frustrated that they won’t.
“Two: you’re going to tell me the secret to the blood armor.”
“We said that whenever we liberated any Nazi occupied territory, but from his clothes it was obvious that the kid had been some Nazi officer’s pet. Pampered, well taken care of. Loved maybe, like I loved Bucky. I thought, ‘he must think we’re monsters’ and I couldn’t figure out why Bucky would say something like that to him when we’d shot through him like he didn’t mean anything… later, when I asked Bucky why, he asked me what he should have said instead…”
But it all depends of course on who you're asking.
He glanced once more across the scant feet that separated them to where Tony had been seated across from the Prince, surrounding on all sides by important people from Washington (including General Ross) just to make sure that nothing had changed in his brief moment of distraction before turning sheepishly back toward Natasha.
And still, Tony has managed to potentially fuck up his relationship in record time.
Nyota gasped as the view changed to a hand-held camera on a red carpet somewhere as reporters shouted out questions, and there he was. She knew it was her dad. She just did, even if he looked different. He was younger than she’d ever seen him, and he wasn’t wearing the armguards her Papa had given him but it was him. She knew it.
then Tony dared anyone to try and stop them.
But whatever. People were assholes. What else was new? Normal healthy Gata liked to play. Tony could be a normal healthy adult instead of a basket of issues for five seconds.
You really mean it
“Don’t worry about me. I get back to the lab, I’ll figure out a way to lick this thing no sweat but first things first. Right?” Tony flashed her a confident grin, even though he knew that she’d see through it.
Clint groaned dejectedly just as there was a knock on the door. It beeped and swished open a moment later and one of the SHIELD medical assistants wheeled in a tray with a fresh IV bag and what looked like supplies to change his bandages. At least that might mean a bit of relief from the itching.
Obie puts pressure on them for more deals, more contracts, more weapons. Always more. They meet every deadline because fuck all the people whispering about how they can’t hack it, how they’ll drive the company into the ground. And fuck Stane for ever doubting that they could.
Tony had, but now was not the time to think about Prince T’Challa.
Tony quietly closed the link between himself and the ships computer and turned back to his work, unease churning together with fear and confusion in his stomach.
“First off.” Tony began slowly but Peter didn’t dare look up, afraid that Tony would see the stupid tears stinging his eyes. “It’s an internship. It’s training wheels. I expect you to make reasonable mistakes. Even the occasional stupid one. Secondly, I know you didn’t apply but I’m really confused where you got the idea you weren’t smart enough.”
“When you started thinking with your dick, panting in my ear and growling like a feisty poodle.”
“You’re such a rascal Tony. What on earth are we going to do with you?” the elderly woman tittered, her chin wobbling.
"The alien substance you wish to place in your body..." The sound of Luke's voice drew Tony's attention back to the tom. "Is it from the Benu you faced in your story?"
"Why bother asking? You don’t seem like the type that gets star struck," Steve pointed out when Tony had turned back to his conversation. Sam snickered.
"It's unusual for terrorists not to leave a calling card. They are by nature exhibitionists, but these guys attacked under the cover of dark and have covered their tracks."
A soft ding interrupted the moment and the elevator doors opened silently. For a moment both of them just stared at the open doors, not speaking. Finally, Jena answered in a soft tired sounding voice.
Next to Tony Natasha somehow went impossibly stiller as Steve, securing a bottle of orange juice shut the refrigerator door with a snap and stared back at her with an expression riddled with guilt. That was what had been bothering him, Tony realized. Not the dreams where he was forced into Bucky’s shoes to relive some moment of his past, but these far more disturbing ones where he was forced into the shoes of a cold-blooded killer.
Up Next. Luke helps Tony, Bruce and Helen finish the nano-bot project and Steve is still not so sure this is the best idea. Tony and Steve go out on a date and Steve pops a very important question (somewhere Fury is popping a champagne bottle). Tony discovers that Luke and Catman are one in the same just in time for Tuesday, but Luke's got one final card to play that not even Tony sees coming, but you know what they say. It's just check.
With a small wave Jena released the door and Tony watched as they closed behind her.
His earliest memories are hard to process. They are strangely painted, often distorted, impressions of sights, sounds and smells, through the perception of an undeveloped consciousness experiencing fear and discomfort for the first time.
Not remotely, Tony thought with a grimace but no use scaring the kid any more than he had to.
“Thor!” Loki calls behind him, a ring of trepidation in his tone. “Slow down you great fool! Before your mount stumbles and you break your damned neck.”
Simply put: Steve was not bonding.
His best would just have to do. God help them all.
Tony (and he remembers now that he is himself, that is the kats name) just stands there with hands in pockets, relaxed and confident as if this game they play in the soldier’s head is normal.
*~*~*
“On behalf of the United States armed forces I’d like to –”
“So you did.” Tony grumbled swatting the image away.
“Really Tony? You’ve always been a bit of a diva but that’s a new one.” Stone rolled his eyes with a bit of a sneer. His scent was sour with frustration and pent up displeasure. Something about it struck Natasha as wrong, but she couldn’t figure out why it bothered her.
“I’ll deal with them.” Steve answered in a clipped tone, command back in full force. “If it’s between your life and some irrational feelings that may spring up, then I don’t see how there’s a contest.”
“I’m fine.” the brunette snapped, and Steve could see him shaking himself, realizing that he was convincing himself before he raised his gaze and fixed Steve with a bright smile, finally giving the dance his full attention. “Just feeling kind of sick I guess. Rhodey’s always warning me about the punch.”
It was obvious to anyone with eyes in the elegant design and silver detailing. But then again, if Natasha was more free with her own passions perhaps a few people would be tempted to suggest she had her own nerdish tendencies. She did threaten Clint with bodily torture when he'd tried to call dibs on the craft, after all.
He has dark hair just like Mama's and he looks familiar though it takes Tony a moment to realize why. He looks like Tony. Older of course, sharper in some angles and softer in others but once Tony realizes it it's impossible not to grasp that they are blood.
Mr. Hepburn had been annoyed with him for raising his hand, but Mr. Hepburn had always been annoyed with Peter. He rarely called on Peter unless it was to embarrass him with one of the hardest questions and he made Peter sit by himself in a desk near the teacher’s desk so he wouldn’t bother the other kids.
“That’s why you’re helping him. You’ve realized his virus is unstable. You were always willing to do anything just to save your own skin.”
“Uncle Bruce,” a boyish voice pulls them from the edge of sleep and they open their eyes to meet the ones of the boy leaning up on his elbows, his orange ears twitching. His blue eyes are still gummy with sleep.
Tony smiled. He didn’t need T’Challa’s blessing but it was nice somehow still to have it. Tony felt invigorated. Ready.
And, if they were super duper blessed, when it was time for heat to take Tony's body and trash it for four days some lucky bastard might get to share his. Tony might even claim them as a mate. That would make lucky tom Queen Consort, which would mean they were the baddest tom in town and got the pleasure of leading the troops. All the other hunters had to listen to what they said or it was bad news bears.
From the smell as Tony stepped off the elevator, Steve had made his killer spaghetti. Which he made from actual tomatoes and shit because that’s how Lula somebody had taught him to make it and they didn’t have the canned crap back in his day. Whatever, the point was it was delicious and there was something incredibly nice about getting through with a long day of work and coming upstairs to the smell of a meal and your very own barefooted super soldier.
“So it’s a drug? No thanks.” He bit out, lips curling in a snarl.
“Tony, I don’t say it to hurt you.” T’Challa insisted. “You do not yet understand bonding and its full biological scope. A man can have more than one mate but he has only one Queen. To find himself split between two is a deadly game no one sane would play when the battleground would turn their brain to mush.”
Pepper would have given her the infamous Pepper eye of disapproval but Tony kind of liked it. And the fact that she’d jerked her hands down as soon as the doors had opened, giving away the fact that she’d nearly been caught messing with it.
Luke's eyebrows raised in surprise at Tony's intimate knowledge of his background and the engineer heaved a sigh of irritation as he stood up from his chair, shoving his hands in his pocket.
Going to the Island and seeing how their future was coming along had been great, but there was nothing in the world like coming home.
Shaking his head Luke tore his eyes from the screen to meet Tony's gaze once more, the flecks of color in his irises glinting in the pale blue light as he smiled at Tony, something very soft in his tone as he said, "I am only remembering that my father warned me many times, that pride often comes before the fall."
"I don’t make a habit of making foolish bets. You know that if it had been my goal to harm you or yours I could have done so already, many times.’
“Personal.” Tony filled in quietly. He thought he understood where Steve’s mind was now.
“Tony!” he could hear Steve calls his name, and Steve caught him as he began to slump to the floor, legs no longer up to the task of holding him upright.
Like he'd been caught pissing on a national monument and was standing before some tribunal court about to be voted off the island for sheer stupidity.
He reminded himself of the kits once more as Mrs. Keppel ran her hands through his hair, rubbing vigorously at his ears, laughing at some quip he’d made like Tony performed the neatest of tricks.
Teddy’s blue eyes looked almost grey with how watery they were with tears. He didn’t say anything, but T’Cael did. His lean body almost vibrating where it pressed against Nyota’s.
"Obviously we've done everything we can to be as sure as we can that the compound is compatible. The numbers look good but, like she said. There's always a margin for error." Tony shrugged somewhat helplessly, leaning back against the counter to survey his teammates. "Honestly guys this is kind of it. There's no scenario where I walk away from this without putting it all on the table. There's a timer on how long I can self-sustain Extremis and we've literally exhausted all other options previously known to man.
He could see Clint’s shadow moving on the floor, leaping from post to post overhead. He held still, keeping to cover while he could waiting for the perfect angle.
The soldier and his charges have been stationed in Washington D.C for six months but it is not his first time in this nation’s capital. He knows that the way a jingle gets caught in other people’s heads. The nagging sense of familiarity is just up there, erupting at odd moments, like when he turns a street corner thinking to himself that he should water the kits and realizes he’s headed for a storefront he didn’t know existed to be so sure of his direction.
as Tony was to be with Captain America. But he wasn't the captain right now. He was just Steve, some kid from Brooklyn who wanted a night with his date with no regrets and Tony was just Tony.
“As eager as you are to see the rest of your team and as eager as they are to see you, you must be patient.” T’Challa advised with an air of regret. “I suspect, with your improved senses and the strengthening of your psychic abilities that many instincts that have previously lain dormant may now choose to wake. As a Queen, you’ll want to protect them by bonding with them, but you must remember you could do them more harm by rushing than waiting.”
Jesus Barnes was a wreck. Tony kept getting sucked into his orbit, captivated by the memories and thoughts that were leaking out of the soldier’s head, his frantic mind singing some sort of siren song that demanded soothing, reordering that Tony found it nearly impossible to resist.
The kid – Jesus it was just a kid – scrambled back fearfully, pointing the barrel of… some sort of toy, threateningly down at Tony as he shrank back into the hayloft. Several questions raced through Tony’s head at once but he went with the most important one.
"Airman Wilson. You served in the F.A.L.C.O.N. unit?" Tony asked, apparently recognizing the name from somewhere. Steve definitely recognized the name FALCON, from when Clint had tested out that new wingpack Tony was working on. So Tony had been involved in the program that had recruited Sam. Now he felt even worse for how he’d reacted earlier.
Natasha rolled her eyes and went back to her tablet.
Well not solely, Tony amended. Forcing himself to do as T’Challa had advised, and start thinking like a Queen. Tony looked to Clint (healthy, whole, safe but still too far away) and listened to him banter with Natasha, and thought they’d also have the Avengers; and they were going to grow. He’d make sure of it.
“But it is your scrutiny we must worry about now.” T’Challa said, neatly switching the subject. “You will have to stay secluded, at least until you can once again form a mental barrier between yourself and the minds of others. Bruce tells me there is a human telepath who may be able to assist you with the changes you have undergone and help you gain the necessary control over your abilities.”
"On your way to help Clint." Tony interjected forcefully, because he could hear Clint's panting as he struggled to hold his ground in the corner he'd been backed into and screw Cap and his need to control everything but they didn't have time for this shit. "Do it right now!"
"No." Steve's slightly panicked expression was quickly replaced by an authoritative snap that Bruce could only wince at. "Thank you, but I'll pass."
“Shh, bambino it’s alright. Just show him how to solve the puzzle and then Mr. Jarvis will take us to the park. You’d like that wouldn’t you?”
But of course, they can. They do. They kill him and put his body in ice.
Tony was less concerned with the flirting (because people flirted and it didn't always mean anything, he's the prime example) and more concerned with figuring out who the guy was and what he wanted, because that little bombshell he'd dropped about Steve. That did not sound anywhere near good.
She squares her jaw and pulls one of the little bells by the door and smiles down at him.
"Do you have any idea how many calls I've fielded today because of this mess you've created?" Fury demanded and Tony bristled.
"Maybe he won't ask you to." Natasha's voice whispered and Tony swallowed thickly.
"Hey…” Tony forced out tiredly through his dry mouth and Bruce whipped around at the sound of his voice. “Don't be so mean to Banner Big Green. We like him remember?”
The countdown to Christmas has begun with Tony no closer to finding a formula that works and the team still in the dark about just how dangerous Extremis really is. Things are heating up between Tony and the captain (and not in the sexy way Tony might prefer) and Thor is determined not to repeat past mistakes (or let his friends repeat them either).
He'd be sitting listening to whatever rambling conversation was going on around him, usually about shit he didn't understand or couldn't see because the person talking to him was zoning out, and he'd be trying to count all the hair on their head or something (because wasn't it amazing how many there were?) and the next he'd be on a beach somewhere with six playboy kittens because those girls were awesome and they knew how to ask before grabbing, and they loved cuddles as much as he did. Serena liked to play with his ears.
He noticed the way Tony’s eyes had opened to stare blankly at the ceiling and he noticed the faint blue glow that was emanating from the stone swinging at the end of the chain T’Challa wore, and the swell of pressure building in the back of his head as that prickling blossomed into hot pain; but he was inexplicably paralyzed, unable to make himself move to do anything about them.
“Pepper Pott!” He greeted with bright cheer as she appeared on the ceiling of his closet. He didn’t expect her to be bothered by the fact that he was in the middle of getting dressed, she’d seen him in far more intimate states, but when she cleared her throat there was an edge of warning to it that made him actually look at her.
I'm so sorry for not getting to your comments in the interim. I treasure each one of them. I felt so bad about not being able to keep to my schedule last chapter that any free time I had was spent getting this portion finally done. Can't promise when the next will be, only that as long as you're all here, I'll keep them coming as best as I can.
Okay so when Tony said going head to head with T’Challa and his ‘Dora Milaje’ was going to be fun, he may have underestimated how blasted quick they were. Clint and Natasha were fast and slippery, even for Gata but Tony’s arrival advantage allowed him to observe a lot of the battle and the truth of it was the Wakandians were fast. Arguably Steve was faster, the limits of his super-Gata enhancements still largely untested, but whatever slight edge he had in sheer stamina he lost when it came to training. They all forgot sometimes, because Steve was such a quick learner and so doggedly determined in everything he did, that he didn’t have much formal training.
She’s grateful when she feels RiRi’s arms slide around them but the light is so bright by then, and the roar in her ears so loud, that all she can do is cling to her small family and keep her eyes tightly shut.
Tony was still trying to use Extremis as little as possible and not to put undue stress on his system that would trigger the virus. The reduction in activity not only ensured that he didn’t break down before they could perform nanobot surgery, it also seemed to have reduced the number of heat surges he was having. But desperate times called for desperate measures and all that.
T’Challa’s smooth voice broke through the fog in his head and Tony blinked up at the tom who had come to stand beside the bed, opposite of Bruce. T’Challa left a good half a foot between them, as if sensing Tony’s skittishness, but his scent still filled Tony’s nose and his fingers curled tightly into the blanket covering his legs.
“You don’t know the right kats.” Princess replied primly, drawing the woman’s attention. Some people would have been affronted at a kat addressing a human before they’d been directly asked to speak, but Sonia just blinked at the girl, emotions concealed behind a mask smooth as glass.
“How bad is it?” Bruce asked and Sif, who had followed them from the edge of camp to help, along with Fandral, laughed not unkindly in response.
He was vaguely aware of Catman throwing himself back over him and rolling them away, but he heard when Killian exploded clear as day and felt the wave of heat that passed over them.
THE FEMALE’S SUIT APPEARS TO BE MADE OF A UNIQUELY FLEXIBLE VIBRANIAM ALLOY WE HAVE NEVER USED IN WAKANDA. IT IS OUTFITTED WITH AN ADVANCED VERSION OF YOUR OWN TECHNOLOGY IN A CLEAR IMITATION OF YOUR ARMOR. YOU MAY AS WELL CALL HER IRON WOMAN.
“Killing one of our teammates? What the hell kind of call was that! Just because this is practice doesn’t mean you shouldn’t take it seriously Tony!”
The brain utilized a unique blend of serial as well as parallel processes to perform those sequences, the complexities of which were only augmented by the transmission and transformation of signals from the amygdala (the emotional center of the brain).
tell me?” Steve had demanded, already throwing things into the back of his truck, but he’d already known the answer even before he asked.
With Mama it always comes back to her sound.
Only that time, the goods in question had been humans. No one had told him that Marko was dipping into the flesh trade, but why the fuck not? At least that’s how Barney had seen it. What the fuck did they owe a bunch of pink ears anyway? They’d been sold, just like this. Nobody had ever stood up for the likes of them.
"Well you've done it now." Steve muttered under his breath and Thor laughed.
T’Challa let go of the hand he held and backed away. Tony couldn’t seem to help the way his body seemed to mourn the loss of contact but it and the strange longing he felt as he watched T’Challa exit from the room befuddled him.
He can’t lose any more he –
The familiarity. The similar styles of humor. Never seeing one on the same mission that he saw the other. The mouthwatering tech. The only tech he'd ever glimpsed that could so effortlessly rival his own had been stolen out of Wakanda when those mercenaries stumbled upon the country and got more than they'd bargained for.
Once another section was pinned carefully in place he stuck out his hand expectantly for one of the little carved wooden ornaments from the large chest at Thor’s feet, laughing as Thor stooped (carefully) nearly unseating him. Thor had a sure grip on the child, but JARVIS of course worried.
But Steve had noticed that Sam’s smile had dimmed, his mouth tightening.
“Oh he can plead.” Tony’s tone edged toward a snarl. “But we’ll see if I’m in the mood to bargain.”
“Yes, when he limited using Extremis, but he’s been busy today.”
“After the serum, first time I bit Bucky I drew blood and nearly lost it after. But he said he was alright.” Steve shrugged, a weak smile (a pensive little wisp of a thing) tugging at the side of his mouth that hurt Tony’s heart to see. He returned it, waggling his eyebrows for levities sake, and to show Steve that he was okay talking about Barnes.
“His daughter,” Tony confirmed. “And it doesn’t look like she was leaving that store under her own steam.”
He’s five and he has a bug. His cheeks are hot and he’s sweaty and miserable. Mama lays in the bed with him, his head resting against her chest.
“I’m not sure that’s the best idea.” Rhodey objected, leveling a hard look at the other man that Tony had seen him level at subordinates often enough in the past not to be affected by it one bit.
He knew what he had to do.
Which was great. Good. When he was willing to play ball (and of course he would be) he knew where to find Tony.
Shaking his head clear of the fog of yearning he reminded himself that he had been the one to ask that they take things slow and that his inner Pepper still insisted that it was a good idea to do that. Pepper is usually right about these kinds of things.
The wind kicked up and the ground shook under his boots as he pushed through the fog in their minds. They appeared slowly, one by one, on either side of him and Steve as if they’d formed out of the rapidly churning mist, all of them looking shaken and blinking dazedly as if waking from a dream. A bead of sweat rolled down Tony’s brow and he fought to stay standing as dizziness overwhelmed him, but Steve was there a moment later to hold him up.
He could still vividly recall being twenty-one and sitting at a table with Obi and the members of the board, everybody eagerly waiting to hear how the pie would be sliced and pretending sadness while the lawyer read the will.
Tugging Stark and the Captain aside, Thor ignored the pressing stare coming from his parents to impart one last urgent piece of advice.
"I can't get the past back and that's okay, cause the future gives me a lot of hope." Smiling shyly at him now he squeezed Tony's hands. "I'd like to make a couple of new memories, if you're up for it."
Maybe it had, in the ways that counted.
Clint managed to twist enough to land and come up in a practiced roll, not giving his body enough time to really register the sensation of impact or to calibrate injuries before he was on his feet again; which was good because Lava Boy had busted his way through the wall and was stomping toward him with an expression of glee that said he was ready to hand Clint his ass.
“Yeah baby I know, it sucks. Do you want to come back to the tower with me or stay here with Bruce and Amory?”
Tony’s head was splitting with pain when he came to. Harley was leaning over him anxiously his small hands tapping insistently at Tony’s cheeks. Tony gingerly picked himself up off the floor with a groan. His heart hammered furiously as his chest clenched tightly in pain, his body flushed with heat, but he took deep swallows of air and tried to compartmentalize. The pain could go in this nice little box here and he’d deal with it later. Glancing blearily around he didn’t see Mrs. Keener anywhere and suspected she’d finally decided to make a run for it. He wondered if she’d even tried to take the boy with her.
“I took her while you were napping. That’s not a problem is it?” Tony answers with a sharp toothed smile.
“He died when I was five.” Peter confirmed with a small shrug.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Shouldn't you be 'aiding' the doctor?”
The right-wing conspiracy pundits were screaming about how Tony was a terrorist and a traitor secretly working with Wakanda to destroy America and create a Gata first society. Tony’s lip curled in a sneer. Well, they were half right. He had a clock running down in the back of his head, how much time he anticipated that Fury could block Ross before the government came for answers Tony didn’t have.
“He also told me that you are the kind of person who hides how sensitive he really is. Or at least it seemed like it, you know. From the TV?” She amended when Tony arched a brow at her in question. “Never mind, the point is that’s pretty stupid Tony. The things that make you weak in the eyes of your enemies are the very things that make you such a great leader.” She admonished, looking up from her tablet with an adorably stern expression that struck Tony as familiar.
Oh well. Good thing danger was practically his middle name.
No doubt reading the storm of thoughts passing behind Tony's eyes the Queen smirked.
“Which is?”
She had the strange feeling that she was being watched, though no one from the facility had shown any sign that they were aware of her presence.
“He belonged to Norman Osborne, but Osborne gave you over to the care of your aunt and uncle.” Tony stated factually, and Peter blinked in surprise. How had Mr. Stark known that? His wariness must have shown on his face because Tony gave him a very serious look and said. “I look into everyone who comes to work for me Peter. Especially those I intend to work closely with.”
Tony knew he was in danger of sounding like a broken record going on about how damn graceful the guy was, but considering that little maneuver left him with only Tony to land on top of, he felt it was warranted to note that not only did the guy stick his landing, caging Tony only momentarily with his arms and legs, he did it with an inch or two to spare between their faces and Tony only briefly felt the brush of a firm chest against his before Catman was leaping back to his feet. So Tony gave the guy props and everything for not crushing him and for badassary.
"It's in Tony's hands." Steve responded flatly. "But frankly, knowing how you and Natasha are connected what you did today... it's even worse. Did you think of her at all? What it was going to be like for her watching you fall!"
Without further prompting JARVIS began to play another clip and Tony took in a sharp breath, a feeling inexplicably close to betrayal trickling through him as he watched Luke Debar signing in with tower security along with his uncle, their first day at the tower.
If Natasha were present she’d have hit him over the head for Yowling while flying, but Clint had flown out to the Island alone to oversee the changes in the construction company and smooth the way for the new CEO so he was alone in the quinjet. Thank fuck, because he wasn’t about to miss Tony’s reaction for the world.
"Ho. Ho. Ho. Do we now allow children to participate in the hunt?" Clint crowed in a fair imitation of the toms who'd sneered at them when they'd joined the line-up for selection. "Their fur hasn't even grown in yet. As if being a great hairy bastard means anything."
Tony thinks that’s a trap if he’s ever heard one. Nobody wants to hear a nine-year-olds real thoughts on religion and (non) existence of god.
Darren stared at the circling image of a towering island kingdom with shock, slowly closing his mouth as something frustratingly close to pity crept into his eyes as he searched for a response.
He thought, groaning as he pushed himself forward, moving again with lurching steps. She smiled at him, though he couldn't see it.
“Jarvis enlarge this screen please.” She instructed, pointing to a shaky video of one of the thieves attacking an armed security officer. The video had been taken from the officer’s body cam, and Tony and the others watched silently as the officer fired at the back of one the thieves who was wielding some sort of pistol, only for the second thief to drop down suddenly between them. The officer cursed violently, yelping in surprised fright as the armored kat smacked his gun away and swept his feet out from under him. The officer crashed to the floor, and it was hard to see through the flailing of limbs and violent shaking of the camera but the kat appeared to pounce on him, gripping what appeared to be a small energy blade. A wakandian energy blade.
When a mission for SHIELD goes bust the team learns some troubling news about Steve's recurring nightmares. Establishing a fragile peace with their Wakandian visitors is as easy as battle royale and getting Steve and T'Challa to stop hissing at each other. Metaphorically. There's been no actual hissing. Yet. But this is Tony's life so give it time.
“Are you ready?” Tony asked, gently placing his hands on either side of Steve’s skull. He was trembling, but his voice was steady, and Steve was staring steadily back at him with so much trust. Tony had the wild urge to run. Abort mission. You’ll only fuck it up. But he couldn’t run. He knew that. No more running away from his problems.
Tony doesn't learn till later that what he means is that when they were unloading slaves in Budapest that his great grandfather and all the other men from the island got tagged Rhodes because nobody cared what their names really were.
"Of course she did. Mommy gets a big fat check for this scripted shit and Amee gets all the nip she can roll in." Tony snickered, referring to the controversial narcotic.
"She's going to kill you Stark. There's nowhere she won't find you."
The crazy thing was Steve couldn't tell whether she was warning him for his sake or Tony's.
Except, what if they were smarter than he was (better) and his parents both decided they'd gotten it right the second time around?
It was impossible. It didn’t make any sense, but the evidence was playing out right there in front of all of their eyes. Somebody had managed to successfully create a Gata strike team and somebody (maybe not even the same people) had stolen his technology right out from under him.
His first day on the job he'd been greeted personally by Pepper who'd apologized for Tony's absence and explained that he'd be working with her as a second assistant and that if he did well, the placement could become permanent, as she was looking for someone to take on some of the more menial tasks in order to help free up her schedule for more important things.
~*~*~*~
Tony was sure his expression was all sorts of alarmed just then, because he didn’t know the whole story but he knew that Barnes was dead.
Because yeah, Tony totally would have been burnt toast if their friendly stray Catman hadn't shown up to distract the baddy long enough for Tony to get airborne and deal with the fact that there was a supernova building in his chest, he'd just blown through his gauntlets, and his hands had looked like butcher meat.
And weirder than that (if it could get weirder) there was a pulse coming from his chest. Clint had no idea if he was imagining it, if a human’s ears would have been able to pick up that insistent building rhythm, but he’d had enough experience with bombs not to question his instincts when they screamed: BOMB.
Here’s the thing. He says it quietly and then he leaves with a tired wave and Tony’s pretty sure that Pepper and the other baseline human in the room are none-the-wiser, except for the fact that it’s pretty obvious how turned on Tony is right now (so sue him). But Gata ears are better and Steve knows that damn well, so he’s just all but invited Tony to come jump him in the shower in front of T’Challa and their teammates and he knows it’s not entirely all for Tony’s benefit. Tom’s are possessive. It’s a fact.
Remembers the furnace.
"In those days they’d have taken him away if we got caught. If they thought we were too close, or he was too dangerous. I had to be the one to speak up, to draw the attention of the bullies, to order the raids on the Heat Houses, to make sure that no one forgot that he was mine and I’d never let them take him away or hurt him without a fight; because they always could. Because there was never much separating him from the little boy I first met who was in a cage hooked up to machines.
“Excuse me?” Steve bristled. It was hard not to when a guy you were just getting to know said something like that about you. It was obvious to Steve, if not to the others, that Luke Debar thought he knew something about Steve's heart.
"Well that's humbling." Tony muttered, tears welling in his eyes that he blinked away. "You sure know how to charm a guy Big Green."
"I assessed Tony when the alert went out and found him battle fit. I regulated him to aerial support and civilian rescue. I stand by that call. I'm not happy with his choices, but it should be remembered that without him we may not have won that fight, and certainly not with fewer lives lost."
“Did you know about the volstags Tony? Thor says that on Asgard they’re like this big,” the boy raised a hand above his head to indicate their towering height.
"It wasn't me." Her raw voice was so low they almost couldn't make out what she said.
"No, but are you sure you should be out like this if you're underage?" Steve asked as the bar tender slid their drinks toward them. Well Tony's drink and Steve's water because he made the valid point that nobody drank shitty bar beer for the taste and it had no effect on him so water.
“It always should have been. Considering the amount of experimentation you were subjected to as a child your brains ability to prevent outside attacks and to self-heal was astounding by human standards.” T’Challa added. “But in comparison to healthy Alurio you were nowhere near where you should have been. None of you are."
Tony opened his mouth to tell him how wrong that was because A, learning about it was exactly what he Helen and Bruce were doing down in the lab non stop, and B, Tony was 97.353% sure of how his body would take to BX; but Natasha beat him to the punch.
"You any good with that gun Stark?" Natasha asked, widows bites flaring to life as the first pair of hired guns stormed through the doors.
“Good afternoon everyone,” She addressed the room at large before rounding in on Tony with narrowed eyes, thrusting a freshly laundered suit still wrapped in plastic into his arms. “Darren will be here in five minutes and Miss Keener will be up here at three with Harley. And while I’ve been up since early morning dealing with the legal team, the Board and the Broker, the least you could do is be dressed when he arrives.”
Killian dropped to the floor but Tony could see even as he struggled to get up, slipping in his own blood, how his body was already closing around the ghastly wound.
Sonia Dyson might live the life of a pampered society wife but she was way more than just the wife of the CEO of one of the world’s biggest construction firms. She was old money, and shrewder than a miser when it came to keeping money in the family. She played a game that Tony knew well, and she played it better than anyone else he knew.
"Just let her do it." Clint had advised him with a tired shrug, wincing in discomfort at the motion. Despite having her back to him Natasha seemed to know.
Steve sat at the table. Leftovers from yesterday's take out (Tony's turn to cook) open in front of him, but he didn't look all that focused on eating.
Giggling Tony went back to counting. Clint was hanging upside down over Thor's shoulder. That was one and two. Bruce was trudging along behind them, eyes wide and a blissed out little smile on his face. That was three. Steve and Natasha were bringing up the rear, with Steve largely supporting Natasha who looked white as a sheet and in danger of losing her dinner. Four and five. Yay. Oh shit weren't there six? Where was number six?
For those still reading this. I hope you enjoy. Posting in honor of seeing Black Panther tomorrow. I'm having a ton of T'Challa feelings right now and hoping to do some further world building this weekend for the upcoming visit to Wakanda in future chapters.
Probably because he knew when Tony was truly flustered or indignant all the hair on his body, especially his tails and ears, tended to floof out in a humiliating manner that he’d hated since he was a kit. Nobody took you seriously when you started to resemble a fluff ball and they tended to get grabby too. He’d been thankful when good old age and poor nutrition had given him a hand with making his hair less… just less (because his hair had not been thinning thank you very much. Not everyone could be Cover-Girl Thor their entire adult life).
Princess turned her unusual eyes on Sonia with coldness, not quite able to hide the fury behind her gaze as the woman’s inquisitive grey eyes regarded her curiously in return.
Steve didn’t wonder. He knew that Tony being separated from the rest of his team was just as much of a statement as the collar around Rumiko’s throat. The message was obvious. Don’t think we can’t take away all that we’ve given you.
“You do?”
There had been good things. Of course there had been. Tony was a hero in more ways than one and he’d done too much for people, and for Gata, not for there to have been positive voices out there, but they were perhaps intentionally drowned out by the bloated cancerous tumor that was Tony’s celebrity image.
, to build
"We'll never be a real pride until we bond," she pressed and Tony rolled his eyes toward the back of his skull. He chugged the rest of his drink and set the glass down on the bar with a thud.
Tony’s world is waves of white. Brilliant lightning forking through a storm of ice as the world factures under him and the sky splits open above him.
Bruce was sitting up in the bed, hair still sleep mussed but glasses perched at the end of his nose, when Tony poked his head out of the bathroom to look at him. He appeared to be contemplating it rather deeply.
For Tony’s part, he’d wanted to say fuck it and go get Clint and Natasha home themselves but cooler heads (aka one Steve Rogers) had prevailed. They didn’t want to make things worse when two of their teammates were in the line of fire, but it was hard to ignore the voice in his head that insisted Natasha needed them.
Also Darren's comments about Google Maps on zoom is entirely relevant to my actual life while plotting this element of the story.
“Yes.” Her voice rasped and she swallowed before going on. “I got older. He came back. He was different but still the same. Under their conditioning, he was still Ivan inside, and that gave me false hope. Hope that maybe it didn’t matter so much what my body or my hands did, that inside maybe I was still someone worth saving. They’d sterilized the other girls, but they’d left me alone. They were afraid I’d stop having heats and they saw the heats as an advantage. I wasn’t careful enough. I got pregnant, and I knew I couldn’t let them have my child. Ivan and I planned to escape together, proving just how stupid I was.”
The tom straightened up once more and Steve took in the long wicked curve of the claws on his hands and feet. Tony and the others couldn’t get their claws to come out that long or that thick, Steve filed away in the back of his mind, but he’d seen T’Challa’s body guards do it as well.
Steve grit his teeth, increasing his speed marginally just to push his muscles and take his mind off what an idiot he’d been. How blind could one guy be? All those times he and the other Commandos would go on about their dreams for after the war when Bucky was right
“Is the get around in there?” Tony asked, “Because I’m in a dangerous line of work and that’s not changing.”
He didn’t know why Hydra wanted her and he hadn’t asked when the phone call had come in. That wasn’t his place. It was dangerous enough that the questions were dancing around on his tongue.
“I could always leave you on the side of the road if you’d like. Good luck finding another ride out here.”
There. Tony blinked, gaze focusing on his teammates once more as he pointed to the now frozen image of the two girls walking, just before the kat lands in front of them. The two women are walking arm and arm, heads bent close together. It’s only when the footage is zoomed in and paused that someone might catch the strange glazed expression on the human woman’s face, or the faint reddish light around the second woman’s fingers as they tickle her companions ear.
“I have an extremely advanced A.I. who could find a needle in a haystack.” He patted the kids back stiffly in what he hoped was a comforting way. “Now move. Trust me to take care of it.”
She'd been giving him the tour when Tony had finally appeared, and it was only when Clint had felt the first spark of their minds connecting and that pull, that he'd finally realized why Fury had chosen him for this gig instead of Natasha.
He should have been upset. He should have been having an epic freak-out. But he wasn’t.
Stone’s golden eyes flicked warily around the room before he asked, “Tony can we speak privately?”
T’Challa nodded rather imperiously in acknowledgement to the formal address, eyes moving aloofly past Ross and over the crowd. He completely ignored the flashing cameras and shouted questions from the press. Pepper eyed Tony meaningfully, obviously wondering why he was keeping the prince waiting and Tony just kept smiling winsomely in reply.
Steve was a big boy. He knew what he wanted. He didn’t have to be tied to Barnes forever just because they’d loved each other once. Why should Tony and the team have to let him go just because he’d met Barnes first, he thought bitterly.
He could hear gun shots and the squealing of tires below him but he wasn't in a position where he could look so he could only hope that the goodnight juice had done its job and that now that his abductors had what they clearly wanted Happy was getting Pepper and Bruce the hell out of there.
“I heal faster. Doc says it should be another week for Clint.”
"That's Ty Stone and Maya Hansen, and yes I've slept with both of them and no, it wasn't really your business but there you have it. I haven't seen Maya in about twelve years. What the hell is she doing here with Ty?" Tony mused aloud, watching them both move on screen with apprehension tightening in his gut.
Tony laughed, mostly at himself, just happy to see some of her fire returning.
The party for all that Steve had no real taste for it, did bring with it a few bonuses. It marked the end of the media barrage (at least for awhile) as Tony would be going under for his big surgery the following day and Pepper had cleared Tony's schedule in preparation. That was enough for them all to focus on and then he'd need time to heal, Extrimis or no Extremis so Tony was going to disappear from the public eye for a bit and the official story was that he was going away on S.I. business.
“It’s a nice sentiment Thor, but not very helpful.”
Thor, perhaps to prevent the brewing squabble, swallowed his mouthful with a warm chuckle before commenting, “Jane complained that I smelled strongly of tuna fish last evening. It is a nice enough snack in moderation. I much prefer this…” Thor glanced toward the medic who was watching their interactions with a faintly amused glint in his eyes. “What did you call this dish?”
She’d grabbed him, held him by the throat and threatened to crush it if he didn’t surrender himself and come out of the suit.
Tony was waving his hand expansively as he reiterated, “but what are they doing all over my tower? And why are there six dozen empty boxes of popsicles in the living room?”
Coulson put up with it for the most part.
That list included commandeering the nearest cell phone (which was unfortunately Granny’s) and parts from the ancient computer in the den which in turn meant barging in on a snoring Mrs. Keener. The woman choked on a startled scream at the rude awakening and took a moment to get herself oriented but once she seemed to understand that she wasn’t being robbed and that the strange kat rifling through her purse and yammering about getting in her car and calling the police didn’t seem to be armed, she got furious (and nasty).
Well quiet wasn’t the best word. In reality, laboratories could be fairly noisy places. The beeps and whistles of various equipment running various programs notwithstanding, there was usually the clacking of keys, the occasional rustle of pages and the low murmur of human voices (many of them engaged in intense conversations with themselves as they muttered over their work).
“Those places. You could smell them a mile off. The drugs and the sick and the despair was a stench that was hard to get rid of. Bucky would get kinda crazy whenever we got near one. He hated everything about them. So did I, but it was different for him. It was…”
“That looked arduous.” Natasha quipped, sliding into the empty spot next to him as the bartender slid Tony's drink toward him. Flashing her a pained smile he tossed about half the glass back even as a voice that sounded like Rhodey’s scolded in the back of his mind to slow down.
So he’d gone over every inch of Barnes’ record and what to him felt like the most important piece of the puzzle had finally come together.
Andre’s eyes followed Tony’s movement’s closely, clearly latching onto the flash of gold on his wrist where his suit sleeves had ridden up and his armlets peeked out.
“Don’t be sensible Kitten you know I hate that and you’re already on my short list.” Darren replied with a sniff and Tony just rolled his eyes. Hardy was still a little miffed at Tony for having the audacity to show up to the meeting looking years younger and not sharing his secret, even though Tony had assured him that he didn’t want any of what he was currently on.
“Getting punched by Captain America is practically a national honor,” Clint pointed out slinging an arm over the prince’s shoulders and something about the motion made something tight in Tony’s chest release. Clint hadn’t done that since they’d discovered the man’s identity Tony realized. This was really it, the start of putting the past behind them and moving into the future, whatever it would hold.
It was a familiar problem in business. What needed to happen here was Stark Industries needed to steal a deal right out from under the world powers, and once Tony and Lady Wakanda were in bed together he needed to get her to sing all her secrets.
“You’re still going to have to go to the meeting Charlie, you’re my PA.”
The world around them shifts at his whim and only gets unsteady when the soldier distracts him with a fight.
He is Ironman.
But wait a minute. This is about Tony. Not about Steve. He can get his own story.
"Yeah, I mean if we're honest..." Tony sighed, running his hands tiredly through his sweaty hair. Natasha noticed that his face was still flushed from the surge of temper, but she knew his oncoming heat was partially to blame.
Tony winced, because yeah... that was rough.
He flinched as he felt something settle over his body, relaxing only when he realized that it was a blanket. Steve’s hands smoothed the soft cloth over his shoulders and moved upward to gently slide his fingers into Tony’s sweat curling hair and he felt his body sink into the bed, a quiet purr rumbling in his chest.
"I'm about to offer you the throne. So to speak. What Daddy didn't think you had the unfortunately literal balls to run, I'm prepared to hand you." Tony answered taking another sip of his whisky. A purr of satisfaction rumbled in his throat as the smooth liquor went down. He did love a good whisky. That and having a business rival dangling right where he wanted them.
He had to stop demeaning the choices of those who loved him, and Steve
"You thought I was the catch?" The realization dawned on Steve slowly. Sam hadn’t doubted that Steve could go for someone like Tony because of the different way they approached things. Sam thought SHIELD had forced them together because they wanted somebody to control the Pride. Control Tony.
This tastes like Stark.
“And you say this virus is regenerative in nature?” Luke asked with his brow furrowed deeply. “Why do you feel then that it was used by the terrorists?”
He wasn't perfect at it yet, but there were fewer and fewer Hulk related incidents these days, and none that had occurred outside an official Avengers call so... progress.
“Only the ones who desperately need sleep and a two-by-four is not handy.”
Of late, when he was home Thor found himself going to the top of the tower once they sky had darkened. There was a comfort in being under the stars of their youth, and a perhaps silly part of Thor that knew that down in his cell Loki would be casting his illusions and was further comforted by the thought, that even if Loki refused to see him they could still stand under the same stars.
Guilt was a powerful motivator (Tony should know) but he couldn’t play that game. He had far too many guilt games of his own to take on somebody elses.
They saw the Alurio as a threat to their rule if they were allowed to grow too numerous so they did their best to wipe them out, and those they left they kept for slave work (and once the heat thing was discovered, grade-A-distractions. Ten out of ten would ride again).
But Herr Vonkov's threats aren’t empty. Jarvis had no right to interfere like that and Tony doubts that Hughard will share Jarvis’ point of view that the punishment went too far. And what if Jarvis loses his job?
"Hello Tony." A husky voice whispered in his ear and recognizing the voice Tony went cold, though he forced the tension to ease from his back and shoulders. Plastering on an unbothered expression he turned, sliding just enough to put distance between him and the heat of the larger kat's body, but Tony was rather afraid the smell of the tom was going to cling to his clothing. Ty always had been liberal with his pheromones.
“I’m not an animal.” Peter responded adamantly, thinking of all the times someone had said he was. Mr. Hepburn. Eugene. That mother in the park who wouldn’t let her kid play with him and Harry because Peter wasn’t wearing a collar.
As far as pairings go I'm keeping the team bond a primary focus, and emphasizing the fact that pride bonds are extremely intimate while being innately polyamorous. Which should be interesting because so much of our literary rhetoric focuses on the idea of one all consuming love that completes you, and I think in reality life is a much more communal experience and humans have a great capacity for love and connection that we stifle.
Ironman
“I ought to sack the lot of them! It’s ungrateful is what it is.” Hughard barks from the corner, the ice in his glass chinking as he gestures violently. Some of his drink spills onto the floor but he doesn’t appear to notice. Tony doesn’t say anything. He knows better than to draw his father’s attention when he gets like this.
"It's you." Tony gapes and the boy goes even stiffer.
"I don't know. I kind of wanted to see if Amee with two E's was going to hook up with that musician's tom." Bruce offered and Clint moaned, shooting him a betrayed look.
“Steve…” Tony grips him gently, one hand cradling his neck the other buried in the wet silky strands of his hair. His name is almost lost over the sound of the water pounding down around them but Steve looks up, a hungry hungry hope tearing over his expression.
“Looks like you had the party without us.” Steve commented neutrally, eyes turning back to Tony as the kit rushed to his side.
All he could think about was Pepper and Happy, and what was going to happen in moments if he couldn't neutralize the situation.
Ivan resolutely pushes the insistent thoughts away. They are just preprogramed commands. They aren’t him. If he follows that directive this time, he’s just going to go blank again and they may decide to give the twins to another handler. He can’t let that happen. He has to see that they graduate the program successfully. They are his after all.
Since Fury's ultimatum Tony, Bruce, and Helen had been working non stop to take the basic design for a bot that Tony had initially rigged together to help Tony safely expel the energy build up from extremis and make their code more complex.
Speaking of, the blond giant perked up as Tony shuffled into the kitchen, grinning broadly as he hailed Tony bombastically.
The connection abruptly cut off as the city of New York crumbled and cracked into dust, swallowed by a roiling plume of fire that rushed towards their small vessel. If they don’t leave now they will die just as surely as everyone below them already has.
He didn’t know what to expect when he stepped into the shower behind Steve. All of his plans fell away at his first sight of Steve standing beneath the spray, naked back glistening as water and suds sluiced over his shoulders and down the curve of his spine. Tony must have made some sort of sound because then Steve turns, and at first all Tony can do is take in the way the muscles bunch as he twists, but then he drags his gaze up to meet Steve’s and his eyes are the darkest blue Tony has ever seen them.
Natasha bunkered back down to wait out the setting sun but she became uneasy when she felt her skin prickle, that sense of being watched returning. She was distracted when a moment later a line of black trucks came through the trees, bringing more people than Natasha had seen visit the facility in days.
~*~*~
The point Steve is trying to make Shelly is that the Avengers are a Pride first.  I mean that’s why we’re doing this right? The team is a family, and it’s very important for us to focus on that identity rather than think of ourselves as some sort of army.
“Don’t worry so much on our account Captain.” T’Challa interjected, a bite creeping into his tone. “And please, don’t hold back because we are your guests. I know I won’t.”
The disk hummed in his hand at the sudden movement, the technology inside coming to life and Princess’ eyes went wide. Tony faltered mid-sentence as she leaped back in fright, putting as much distance between herself and the weapon as she could without outright leaping over the table.
T’Challa for his part seemed equally amused, his eyes going strangely soft and just that tad distant that gave Steve the impression they might be thinking of the same person.
“I guess I’m just curious, how an alien beast made its way into African mythology is all.” Natasha shrugged.
“I’m serious Tony. He could give you brain damage with enough effort.” Bruce insisted with a growl rumbling in his throat, fingers digging harshly against Tony’s skin for a moment.
He's nine when his father hires a man named Jacob Yinsen to teach him and warns him that if he runs this one off he'll give Tony a whipping that will put Vonkov to shame.
"I said do not engage Stark!" Cap growled like a broken record. "He's got something that interferes with our tech-"
He’s six.
Tony looked at her and she looked back, nothing close to guilt in her steady expression but he knew the truth just the same. She’d suspected Ivan had to be alive for a while and had kept it to herself.
The low chuckle of amusement told him who had entered the lab without his knowing even before the grinning face appeared, the tom bent over to pear under the legs of the Cradle.
"He is dangerous." Tony reminded himself as well as the rest of the room. He'd witnessed multiple times just how dangerous. Helen had a point; he ought to check himself before he wrecked himself. "Which is why I'm going to figure out just who he is and how to deal with him."
~*~*~
She was looking at him with sympathy now. Tony gritted his teeth.
"I am unable to reestablish connection, there is something blocking me." JARVIAS sounded a bit peeved about that and Tony almost smiled. He was sure that JARVIS like him, was used to being the biggest fish in the pond. Running up against systems beyond their scope was definitely out of their ordinary.
Hughard Stark had thought his son was going to change the world, but that was before he realized what a disappointment Tony turned out to be. Was. Is.
But this earth was already different. Already closer to home. She knew intellectually that in all the universes out there, there was surely more than one of her, but she couldn’t help the desperate hope growing inside of her that this was the right one.
He wanted liberty.
experienced, you didn’t have to land on your ass like a chump.
T’Challa didn’t let the awkward tension linger. Having spotted Tony and the Avengers in the lineup T’Challa strode toward them, rudely ignoring the established lineup of important figures, with his terrifying bodyguards trailing behind him.
“My condolences.” He muttered just loud enough that he was sure Pepper as well as her guests would catch it and then with aplomb he did what he did best and didn’t give them too much time to think about it. “I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to join you yesterday Your Highness, it’s been a busy week. First that guy with the giant rats in central park and then that public hearing regarding my Gata Rehabilitation project. We have strong federal backing but the assholes on the state board in Massachusetts are playing hard ball. I’m sure you understand.”
“You sure don’t smell like one either, Princess,” he commented with a wrinkle of his nose, whiskers twitching and Nyota made a face at him.
“But you’re not here to talk about the new mental traffic we’ve all got going on around here or how pretty my intern is Sonia.” He segued, all business now. With an easy smile he gestured to Princess. “Would you do the honors?”
It struck Thor – struck them all really – seeing it for the first time, how suited up the differences between Tony and RaTu were far less noticeable.
“Didn’t you call this show, ‘mindless post-liberal apologist bullshit’?” Phil asked, leaning over the bed to adjust the corner of Clint’s blanket, which had become twisted in the guardrails.
Tony, there’s no need to get emotional.
Sarah had volunteered to watch Bucky and his sister Laura after school, and that had been the start of a long-standing tradition of coming home at night to find another place set at the table only for Ma to announce they would have a guest for however long it suited her.
“You can’t handle me Stark.”
As Steve's eyes roved over the team making sure that each one of them understood how pissed the others would be if they got themselves in a fix without backup, not for the first time Natasha was glad that Steve was as sharp as he was. It was nice having him already know what they had to do without having it explained to him.
Bruce sounded grave, Clint looked pissed, Thor looked pensive, Natasha looked like she was being very careful not to look like anything, and Steve looked like he might try and throw Tony over his shoulder and run away with him if he didn’t fall down into a dead faint first.
“It’s Spiderman!” Peter insisted through the hot sting of tears before shaking his head glumly. “And no. He was there when I got bit by the spider, but he never told anyone.”
“Would we really call it yours if you’ve never touched it?” T’Challa questioned thoughtfully.
Obadiah didn’t let them see the bodies before the funeral, something about not wanting to upset them when they’re delicate. Mrs. Sousa ‘call me Peggy’ insists on taking them to see their mother before she is put the ground.
But on the other, real friendship was so much more complicated, so much more unexpected. It wasn't just the product of two people sharing space, or common goals even, it was a million moments of peeking behind the curtain, seeing the bests and the worsts, and sticking together despite all.
Tony interjected before Bruce could really get going.
“More than fine, I imagine.” Natasha murmured softly with the barest hint of a smile and some of the nervousness twisting in Steve’s stomach eased.
A few feet away on the other side of the cart Natasha raised both of her revolvers
He hadn’t planned it. That’s obvious right, because Tony could be accused of a lot of things, arrogance and overconfidence to name a few, but he had certainly not planned to watch the man he loved take a bullet meant for him, or the way that it would make him feel.
"Yeah, I think we can."
Steve pulled back slowly, breathing labored to match Tony's. They stared at one another under the light of the moon, starlight twinkling in their eyes like something out of a song.
Beside her Cap nodded, already grasping the thread of her thoughts and taking charge.
“I’m going to have to say bye to bikini season, but otherwise yes.” Natasha answered with a small shrug, letting her shirt fall back into place and Steve’s shoulders sagged in relief.
Portions of them he can paint over, apply mature understanding to (such as his mother’s face and her favorite barrette) but there is no erasing the sickening imprint of terror that is seeped into each brush stroke. Birth is violent and Tony deals with those memories the way he deals with all his childhood trauma. He doesn’t. They go on the shelf to be buried by years and dust.
“Are you done holding back yet? Or is this a fair enough fight yet?” T’Challa’s voice floated down from above and Steve looked up to find the kat laying across a beam above his head, long black tail hanging lazily beside him like he was some sleepy jungle cat relaxing in a tree. Arrogant son of a bitch, Steve thought and he grinned. Bucky would have said it to his face but Steve liked actions better than words.
With Howard Stark for a bio daddy that wasn’t exactly out of the realm of possibility either, though what the guy would have been doing all these years while Tony had been kicking ass and taking names he had no idea.
, the circle murmured once more, their chanting growing louder.
“It’s Stark, Tony Stark. Nice digs you got here Buckaroo. Where are we, Russia? The Ukraine?”
The twins are staring at him, perplexed but not overly concerned. They are used to his silence and long bouts of staring into space by now.
Tony gritted his teeth and shook his head clear of his jumbled tangle of misgivings as Fury finally entered the meeting room. Tony kept his expression level because he’d be damned before he showed Nick how irritated he was with being kept waiting when he’d purposefully arrived late himself to be the one keeping the director waiting.
The Morning Show’s host had one of those smooth smarmy voices that in Nyota’s experience, usually accompanied the kind of toms her parents had warned her away from and that aunt Tasha had taught her how to incapacitate without breaking a sweat.
"I'm Kitty. And that's not a code name though I wish it was. This is my boyfriend Peter Rasputin, which is also serious. Believe it or not." She gestured to the smitten looking fellow beside her and Tony nodded in greeting. Steve was frowning between the two, likely because Peter looked to be firmly in his twenties and Kitty decidedly less so but Tony really couldn't judge that either given his own colorful past.
Much of her sides and her back were bare, and if Tony were more of a prude he'd point out that her breasts were a shift away from a wardrobe malfunction but he's not (and for the record, it should be noted the woman had nothing to be ashamed of in the breast department).
“In the Red Room, they strip you of all weaknesses. Anything that could prove a distraction or too compromising. The first thing they took was my whiskers. Then they were going to clip my ears and my tail but my Handler, Ivan, he convinced them to leave them intact.”
Jena, bristled at the clipped tone and bit the edge of one pale lip nervously. Tony sort of felt bad about it until, crossing her arms over her jacket, the woman halted to turn to him and say, “I’m a waitress Mr. Stark not a child. I’m a single mother. A college drop out. A social outcast. Do you think Harley or I ever dreamed we could live in a place like this? Or that someone would offer to pay his exam fees? I did the best I could, homeschooling him. He’s so intelligent… but I never would have been able to pay the fees for those tests. If he can go to school he’ll have a much better life than I ever could have given him. Don’t think I don’t know that. I may just be an overprotective mom but I can’t figure out why you’re doing any of this.”
"There, you see Robert. We're not the only ones who think it pays not to declaw your kat." Tony smiled with all his teeth. He was just fine with that. Let them take their pound of flesh. He'd take them for everything they were worth. And Robert seemed to know, that this time at least, he was beaten.
And yeah, okay, when he was willing to be honest with himself about it, it wasn't just because it was decent, or because it was expected. He might care a little bit. If only because Steve was a human being. Okay fine. There might be the tiniest bit of Tony that still remembered being very small running around in Cap footies. And even if the man failed to live up to all his dreams and said dreams died a fiery death when he realized that if Howard could have erased Tony's filling and colored him in with all that made Steve, Steve ,he would have before Tony drew his first breath, Steve still doesn't deserve the shit hand he's been dealt or to go it alone in a crowd.
Tony who had opened his mouth to accuse her of just that, faltered.
Tony turned his head to look at Natasha over Steve’s shoulder, because the promise he’d made was as much for her (and for him) as it was for Steve.
The reason Tony’s money in the right pockets had been enough before was because it wasn’t a popular viewpoint with the majority. Most of them even if they didn’t support Gata rights, liked to think of themselves as benevolent caregivers, and of their charges as something close to grateful children. Higher thinking to be certain, but never equal to them. Trask and the Oversight Bill had been too extreme, too harsh for their sensibilities.
“How?” Clint blurted the million-dollar question and Tony clenched his hands on the edge of the empty chair he stood behind, eyes fixated on the holo-screen JARVIS had erected on the common room ceiling.
What mattered was that Steve was theirs... and the loneliness he felt, that cloudy oddly metallic scent (like fresh rain) that tickled at the back of Bruce's nose and fired the impulse in his brain to get closer and give comfort... well probability said that proximity had a 50% chance of providing comfort.
“Among the Alurio, when a Queen agrees to spar with you it is the highest of honors, so today must be doubly blessed.” Although T’Challa’s answer was for Clint he was looking at Tony when he said it with this warm glow of satisfaction. With this pride, as if getting his ass handed to him by Tony’s Pride really had made his day.
“We didn’t have a choice but to return fire, to shoot through those people, and they all died, Tony, every last one. There was this tom, not much younger than we were, fifteen maybe… The battle was over. I was looking for our wounded, but Bucky was holding this kid who was choking on blood, crying in German as he struggled to breathe.
They liked to call him a black cat. America’s favorite, but a black cat none the less. In Steve’s day, the hey day of the domestication drugs, black kats were the thing your mother used to scare you into coming home before it got dark.
"I might be a fool for leaving my champion here alone with a feral kitten, but I presume I can leave you two alone without causing a scandal?" Robert winked at him with a knowing smirk and Tony had to clamp his teeth together to prevent a hiss from escaping. "Go easy on him Tony he's a good boy."
"Tony, we're a Pride." Steve chastised, but unlike so many times before the words didn't carry with them a bitter sting. Maybe it was the damnable lights, still making him look soft and bed rumpled with a dash of holiday glow just to fuck with Tony's emotions. "We wanted to have your back. I don't know much about them but from talking with Luke I get the picture that we'd be a pretty sorry bunch if we just let our Queen risk his life and didn't try and help him. And even if none of that were true, we're your friends. You have a problem, then we'll tackle it. Together."
Tony winced, wondering what T’Challa had made of him in his report, but kept silent as the prince pressed on.
“Coulson.” Clint looked up, curious as Steve approached their handler with his brow heavily creased, a pensive line to his mouth. “What are the odds that someone would target this shelter when Tony’s compromised, just out of coincidence?”
“Yes. It is from a plant native to my country, known for its soothing properties.” Tony watched as he crumbled several of the dried leaves and dropped them into the mug, then reached for the pot and poured the heated water over it without burning himself or spilling a drop.
“His Son, huh?” (not) Bucky mused behind them. “Trust you to spit in your own eye and land yourself a hundred years in the future, Stevie. Is it how you said it would be? Is it better, like you promised?”
“What an exquisite creature.” Sonia turned to murmur at Tony after a moment. “Those eyes are magnificent. Andre has always stood out, having that bit of yellow in his, but I’ve never seen eyes as feline as hers.”
“Something more like the later. You know I don’t party like that anymore.”
“They really don’t like you do they?” Ms. Hansen muttered under her breath.
"Guess that monkey's you then Tony." He shouts back before launching himself over the edge.
"For weapons?" Pepper asked and Bruce, green flashing in his eyes, barked a laugh.
He pulled back, not necessarily because he wanted to or even because it was smart. Honestly he just didn't want to hurt Steve, or to be hurt anymore, and he knew if he didn't heed that voice and give stepping with care a bit of try, then that was exactly what was going to happen.
After some thought Luke finally took a breath and answered, his eyes meeting Tony's with a level of gravity that seemed off putting. "There is a legend among my people, about the first Alurio. Prince Narmer, unlike his father the Scorpion king, was a man who coveted neither power, nor an immortal life. The Scorpion king dabbled with magic he had no business with and tore a hole in the sky which is what they say brought the Benu here. Namer sought only a way to save his people from the sun giants who had killed his father and who were sweeping through the land like a plague. He was able to unite all of the clans together against their common foe, but the Benu seemed as powerful as gods and none who came against them lived to tell the tale.
"If I may, Captain," Thor interjected before Tony could finish taking the breath to retort. Tony was staring daggers so intently into Steve's blue eyes that it took him a moment to register that Thor was even speaking.
“We’re going to have to have another family meeting. We can’t keep up this pace. It’s not fair on the kids.”
In spring of 1994 the supreme court had ruled that kats who proved exceptional could receive formal education and degrees congruent with their level of aptitude. Of course the early aptitude tests were brutal and unfairly skewed but Tony had beaten them at that game too because there were few people in the world with his level of aptitude and they'd certainly not put any of them in charge of coming up with the tests.
“Not you Tony.”
His mind is an endless archive of them (moving pictures) and that's enough to make anyone mad as a hatter. So it comes down to how you sort, what you shut away, what you allow to gather dust and to dull with time.
He'd still forgotten it and would have missed it altogether if JARVIS hadn't shut down all his running projects and powered down all of his monitors an hour before they were to leave.
“Take it easy Banner, you’re not making any sense,” Anya said as the older teen slid to a stop not far from her, nearly colliding into the table. But she tilted her head upward at the exact same moment that the others did as JOCASTA began projecting what looked like the same clip on a holo-screen above them.
“Dr. Cho is right. Time is not on our side.” T’Challa snapped, moving hastily around the tubes to carefully place his hands upon what bare skin of Tony’s chest was available. “We need to slow his heart and overwhelm the virus. Dr. Banner, up the dosage of the sedative, Dr. Cho, increase the distribution of the serum.”
“Are you blushing already?” Amory cackles, nudging them playfully. He’s shushed harshly by Chris as on screen the reporter throws out questions.
"Tony, can we... can we, try this?" Steve asked after a long moment, too blue eyes searching his with fearful hope and Tony closed his eyes because if he kept looking at the man he wouldn't use his head, and he definitely needed a moment to think.
Darren Hardy had been the only one to walk in and shake Tony’s hand, bitching all the while about the traffic in Malibu. He’d gotten as far as “Sorry I’m late Mr. Stark” before Tony had decided he was going to keep him for life. Tony had offered to pay him an obscene amount of money to be on call for all of his real-estate ventures and Darren had been all too happy to accept.
Clint quickly made his way there, to what looked like the facility kitchens, where a terrified fel at least six months pregnant (or maybe it’s closer to eight, Clint wasn’t exactly an expert when it came to pregnancy) was being cornered by some douch-nugget in a leather jacket.
Fury's pissed at Tony which is one thing (because Tony's pissed at Tony) but since Fury's been making deals with Viastone, Tony's ability to give a fuck is next to zero.  Clint is chained to a hospital bed so he misses the debriefing but he makes an intense new friend and he does mean INTENSE.
Tony pressed a button and without warning the lab was filled with the echoing sound of the conversation they'd just had.
There are a few exceptions to this rule. His mother is one of them.
The Other Guy had no problems whatsoever getting aggressive or asserting himself.
That was what Steve really hated most about politicians, their ability to smile and shake hands with you even as they sharpened their knives. He didn’t trust Prince T’Challa and not just because he’d already lied to them. Nobody else seemed to be able to see it but he could. Wakanda might have come out of hiding for the Avengers but T’Challa wasn’t here for the sake of their Pride. It was Tony he was here for, Tony he’d focused most of his efforts on the last time and everyone had noticed how hard Tony had taken it when he’d discovered the truth about the guy.
The door shut smoothly behind him and Clint whistled low.
Parker, completely dropping his mask of professionalism responded eagerly, “Yep! Well half of us. The other guys are doing their teaching rotation up at the shelter. Normally Jarvis controls the towers defense systems but they want us to learn how everything works so that we can be better engineers and teach others if we have to.”
But she owes Clint so much more than she can properly name, and she won't repay him by taking away his only shot at what he needs so fundamentally.
The tom also had no qualms about using the rafters and beams on the bridge to his advantage. When he narrowly dodged a blow just to swing back around and kick Steve square in the back, Steve lost his footing and slammed into the side of the bridge.
Barnes was one of the better specimens, braver, more aggressive than the other kits in his batch.
Tony laughed gleefully under his breath.
Puzzles were Tony's specialty. He hadn't met one yet that he couldn't solve, and he wasn't about to let fear get in the way this time and ruin his perfect score.
"Peggy told you stories about me?" Steve looked startled and somewhat abashed by this and Tony just shook his head, too happy to be embarrassed about it.
“Duck.”
"What's your instinct?" Steve asked so simply. She blinked slowly, surprised at the level of trust he seemed to be granting her.
Without missing a beat Tony called out loudly to someone named Jarvis, asking for an order from someone named Kang.
“There is no kitty corner skipping," Tony insisted. Across from Steve, one metal finger on the hand of the robotic arm attached to a mannequin (with a Crayola drawn face thanks to Harley) jabbed a finger at the board where Steve had attempted to wiggle out of losing one of his pieces by making an illegal jump.
“Pardon?” Steve grunted, not taking his meaning and unable to help the trickle of offense he felt at his old neighborhood being reduced so bluntly to something so inherently negative. Was this about what he'd said at the meeting this morning? Whatever the others thought, Steve hadn't meant it the way it had sounded. Maybe he and Debar should talk about it.
He’s crawling almost as soon as his mother puts him down on his stomach and by six months he’s hard to keep track of.
The soldier blinks. The change is instant, but he’s used to it now. Used to how one skin falls away to reveal his true self, familiar weight of his cybernetic limb returning along with the feeling of tired tired tiredin his bones. He’s not used to the ache it leaves behind. Like that bright-eyed kit is truer than the man who had worn him like a mask.
The soap is foul tasting. Herr Vonkov grips his cheeks hard enough to bruise and jams the bar of soap in his mouth.
Damn. Tony swallowed thickly, suddenly finding himself unable to meet anyone directly in the eye until his gaze was drawn by a warm chuckle from Debar.
Tony was adding large mist covered wooded areas to his growing lists of do not likes about Asgard. Even still it was a list significantly shorter than the growing one he had against his ancestral bio-mama and her cronies.
They were all sitting around the table now, trying to figure out what to do next.
"We agree. In times of uncertainty it is better to keep your friends close." T’Challa replied evenly and the tension coiled in Tony’s spine slowly eased, and thankfully the sharp scent of fight beginning to dissipate.
Not to get it wrong. He needed that too. He didn’t know what he’d have done if Pepper and Rhodey hadn’t seen him for what he was and made a mutual pact to always put up with him no matter how broken he got. But even good things had their downsides.
He's got the claws and the speed and everything else it takes to be a great hunter (a great warrior) and Howard's brains on top of it.
While Clint seemed fine with lazing in his bed now that he was in the comfort of his own space, she'd known Steve wouldn't be. It hadn't even been two days and according to him he was healed enough to lose the bandages and get back to work.
She reads his thoughts easily, as is her right.
” the breath punched out of Tony’s lungs as Steve took a hold of his dick, no ceremony about it, just a firm tug and then he’s stroking Tony like there’s a race to get him off and Tony has to dig his fingers into the man’s shoulders just to stay upright as pleasure jolts through him.
She is not as quick or as efficient as some the soldier has taught in the past, but she is focused and driven. She is like a cat who sinks her nails in and does not let go once she has a hold and that is good.
“You’re Tony Stark.” She answered his demand and what Tony heard was,
“Actually, see these slight indents here,” Tony asked, picking up the thick but still surprisingly light disk and rubbing the area. “It’s part of a bio security system they use in Wakanda.”
"Aye, the Benu's wings are the colors of sun and fire. Some say the first was born at the creation of the world, in the mountains that spit fire into the sky; and that when it dies it is only to be born again from the ash. Surely you knew this?"
“Steve?”
He listened as Tony described the center as a privately owned and privately funded rescue community for Gata. He watched the wonder and excitement on all of their faces when he explained that the teachers, doctors, therapists and disciplinary enforcement would all come from gata like them perhaps even some of the adults listening in the room right now. They wouldn't be a drain on government recourses because they would play a role in sustaining their own community through farming and trade.
Closeness by any means necessary.
“Fuck.” He heard Steve groan, and Tony looked up in time to catch a tear falling from his cheek before Steve buried his face against Tony’s chest, gripping him like he was afraid Tony would shatter in his arms.
Tony gave him a long considering look, like he was assessing him for flaws in his code and Peter shrank back into the chair embarrassed and ashamed. Why had he thought he could pull this off? He should have told Aunt May right away somebody had made a mistake.
She was laying on him, body limp and skin cold to the touch in a way that made him shudder (like a dead fish). Quickly, he sat up with a groan, flinching at the aches and twinges of his exhausted muscles but ignoring them in favor of checking Natasha for a pulse (it was weak and fluttery but there, thank god) and arranging her in a more comfortable position on her back.
The sense that Tony was in pain and needed help slammed through her, nearly causing her to lose her balance and go tumbling from the beam.
His first real memory of Howard was when the man had come suddenly into the nursery after Mr. Jarvis alerted him to the fact that Tony had said his first words. Tony had been young, too young really to be uttering a full if somewhat garbled sentence, but he’d been ahead of the crowd even then. He still remembered the glint of anticipation in Howards eyes, the proud tilt to the man’s smirk as
At least her Papa had stood behind dad. That was the one constant that had never changed. Nyota didn’t know how she would have kept going if that had crumbled with the rest of her world. He'd said the solution wasn't what he'd ever have wanted, but he’d agreed that there wasn't another way that he could see.
Tony Stark. His enemy. But it’s not just Stark.
Master Osborne was kinda complicated, but he’d loved Peter’s dad. Enough to give him a real job at OSCORP long before anybody else was doing it. Enough to buy Peter’s mother when Peter’s father fell for her, and to allow them to raise Peter without much interference in their own residence.
“Maya is confident it can be stabilized. That's why you're here Tony. Together, I know you can figure it out and we can finally have the future we always wanted. ” She heard Stone plead and her eyes flicked back to Tony momentarily to confirm the tom hadn’t stepped any closer to him. Tony’s grin had widened, showing off the sharp points of his teeth.
Tony doubts Ana would stay either if that happened. The thought of losing them both brings tears to his eyes faster than the cream that Jarvis is massaging into his skin.
"Are you suggesting that Stark is dangerous?"
He and his team were going to eat the Prince of Wakanda alive and enjoy every second of it.
Alright so he had a favorite. It happened.
The research into nanorobotics was so young it didn't even have its milk teeth, but hey, no time like the present to revolutionize medical science. The answer was so obvious Tony was upset it hadn't occurred to him before now. The successful creation of a nano-sized machine that could pluck, pick and place atoms on a molecular level, able to pull apart any kind of material atom by atom, and use those atoms to re-construct anything (even armor); that was the answer to more than just Tony's problem. It was the answer to a great many problems for mankind.
Two Asgardians (that Tony had to presume were Thor's parent's by the crowns and the giant staff the one eye'd king was holding all kingly) stood on the deck of a large hovercraft that to Tony resembled a viking longboat, but he knew better than to try and tell Thor that. Beside Odin and Frigga there was a slender fel, panther-like in appearance, wearing a surprisingly understated circulate crown.
“It’s not a ghostly past. It’s the actual past, which means our presence here could be changing things.” He reminded her with the expression she was pretty sure he’d copied tick for tick from his parents. How to deal with irreverent Starks, Super Soldier addition.
Thank you so much for your continued support on this fic. I still can't believe anyone else besides my derp self loves it as much as I do. I'm sorry I didn't get to your comments this week (it was a really busy one) but I didn't want to miss posting on time.
"What are you doing?" The curious tom asked and never one to pass up a chance to show off his babies, Tony motioned to the rapid series of numbers flashing over the holo-screen and explained.
"But what about school?" He asks, suspicious because it's just too good to be true. His father can't possibly want him at the yard, getting in people’s way when they are working on something so important (when he's just run off another tutor) but Mama is smiling at him and Ana is already reaching to pack up the food left on his plate.
Tony looked back to Steve who was still waiting on an answer, frustration evident as his eyes flickered between Tony and Natasha, unaware of their silent conversation.
“I don’t need your help. Help them.” Tony gestured to the people filling the grounds, most of them the traumatized residents of the shelter. His heart behind the reactor throbbed like that shrapnel was being pushed into it. “Please.”
“I interviewed a Mr. Wiggelwums two days ago.”
They’d been briefed on the Avengers before the mission to prepare for their interference. He didn’t know why or when Stark had started using a shield like Captain America, but Stark wouldn’t be as proficient with it as his comrade. Ivan should have had the advantage of greater strength from the serum flowing through his veins, and Iron Man’s inexperience with his weapon should have made him sloppy. But as Ivan swung his enhanced arm, his opponent moved smoothly to block him, the smaller kat’s body taking the force of the blow with ease as Ivan’s claws scraped down the length of the shield with a screech. Something wasn’t right here.
"Suppressants." Tony grumbled, putting the vial back in its case and locking it away. "The new formula I've been working on."
back in New York where it isn’t one hundred degrees out, probably sipping champagne by the poolside.
“You’re right. Let’s go home Tony,” Steve rasped through a tight throat and Tony shuddered in relief as he felt Steve’s presence seem to get bigger all around him, and with it came a feeling of strength and safety like being drawn into trusted arms. Needing no further prompting he sank into the vicious nest of nightmare visions that were his teammate’s brains, sure now that he was tethered to something strong enough to keep him from getting swept away.
For a desperate moment Tony allowed his eyes to flutter shut and Steve’s comforting scent to envelop him as he leaned into his warmth (because he was scared, because he’d like very much to curl himself up into Steve’s arms and let him glower away anything that tried to touch him) but then it was time to face the music.
She was right. Ivan remembered that weird place with the strange girl. Ivan remembered the feeling of being himself, of quiet in his head and wholeness in his spirit, a feeling as close to the divine as he could imagine. He remembered that there were words. Words that he chose long ago – though he doesn’t know why.
“I’m right behind you.” Steve panted in his ear. “Consider them hostile. Don’t wait to engage.”
she slid the thought into his mind, to conserve the energy that speaking would have wasted. Lifting her aching head to peer through the snow, searching for whatever it was that Tony had thought he'd seen.
Tony can admit that he was a pretty lost soul as a kid. Too smart and too bored for his own good. Always stuck at home all summer while his parents gallivanted off to parts unknown, because apparently the months while Tony was away at boarding school wasn’t enough time away from him.
“The renovations on your mother’s house will be finished in a couple of days and if you really want to go back to Pit Stop Tennessee to wait tables, you’re welcome to. If that’s what you want you can sell the condo. It’s a million dollar residence so do me a favor and put that money to good use and move out mom’s house. ” Tony squared with her.
kotyonok
The old woman excepts the money Pietro shoves at her without a word and doesn’t protest as the fel grabs a bag of plums for Ivan as well as a mango for himself. The trio departs with a wave from Pietro and a small secretive smile from Wanda as a growl rumbles in the soldier’s chest.
“Tony?” he barks as if he’s forgotten Tony was even in the room. It’s not unlikely. “Christ Obi, Maria will kill us both if she sees you giving him that.”
Natasha’s hand had somehow crept up Tony’s pant leg and her vicious little claws were digging into his ankle.
Hughard stares at him a long moment, and when his hand lands on top of Tony’s head he jumps but it just stays there. Tony waits, his heart hammering somewhere low and only sinking lower with each second.
Tony was currently sitting in the circle of couches in the center of the room with Natasha curled at his feet, listening to Thor entertaining his small captive audience, including Jane and her assistant Darcy. Helen and Bruce were there as well listening attentively to the highly animated retelling of the Avenger's battle with the Benu bird.
The doors swish open and Tony (not the one here, but the one older, the one who hasn’t happened yet) and Steve walk in, and Jamie leaps up to run toward Steve, throwing his arms around the captain’s waist as he collides with him.
“An air strip.” Darren repeated him blankly. “Tony when you said find me a private island I can build a shelter on I presumed you were talking about rebuilding Maria’s House.”
A nurse hastily explains that pregnancy changes a fels hormones, makes even the most well domesticated unpredictable at times.
"They actually put you in a war zone?" Steve asked, glancing between Sam and Rhodes and just as before, the tomkat didn’t wait for Rhodes.
“Most of the intelligence community doesn't believe he exists, the ones who do call him the Winter Soldier,” she offered in explanation.
“I’m alright.” Tony responded after a moment, voice hoarse but gaining strength as he batted at Steve’s gripping hands. “You know I didn’t get around to asking, but I think that was a no on the sharing.”
“Ultraistic isn’t a word I would have pinned on Fury.”
Longing. Rusted. Seventeen. Daybreak...with every word spoken he twitches and moans, like there’s someone driving nails through his head but there’s no shaking them loose.
It was their intimacy. Their mutual agreement to accept the worst in each other for the temporal institution of closeness.
The pain begins to fall off him like rain. He’s aware of it, feels it still, but it does not seem so insurmountable.
"Aye," Thor acknowledged with a grave nod. "Our queen was injected with a treacherous virus and even now he fights to overcome it; but much of the knowledge about his kind has been lost. It is his hope and mine that you would lend him the tools of your people."
Steve started opening his mouth, and Tony got the feeling that he was going to protest (the big liar) and insist that he was fine, as if he hadn’t woken Tony up in the wee hours with his grunting and thrashing; but Thor, who had straightened in his seat with a frown of concern, interrupted.
"Who is this asshole?" Clint asked Coulson instead of answering, looking past the aide and pinning Phil with a frank look because come the fuck on. Was this guy serious?
I am so sorry for the delay. Been super busy as well as stressed with everything going on right now and needed some time to regroup. But have a double sized chapter early for your patience! I needed the relaxation of writing so I finally got back to it. Stay encouraged friends.
“I’m smart. Listen, Harley,” Tony knelt down until he and the half-pint were eye to eye. “My friend here really needs to get warm and I need to get her to a doctor and me to a lab. There are some very bad people chasing us so we’re low on time here. I need those supplies. You help me get them and I promise you won’t have to sleep in the barn anymore.”
"The place I have in mind is open late. So how about it? We can even catch burgers after. I know you like burgers."
He'd called the tower home. Well of course it was
Which led him to eyeing Luke with new speculation. There had been four children in his dream and only two of them easily identified. Jaime had been spoken for, and it was a safe enough guess that Natasha had a hand in the little redhead Tony had been holding- though Tony for the life of him couldn't imagine what kind of a tom could steal her heart, because the poor bastard who had previously fit the bill was long dead, and not the sort to fit in such a domestic scene as that had been in the first place – which left the shy little boy and the little girl Tony had called Nyota in the dream.
But fuck it, Tony swallowed past the lump in his throat, he was a grown ass man. She was nobody to him. He owed it to himself and the others to get what information he could out of her. He wasn't going to start mewling and crying over the ancient past.
He’d stared at Tony’s picture frozen picture on the computer SHIELD had given him. Against Coulson’s advice he’d asked for Clint’s help using Google in order to look Tony up. Steve didn’t like to think of himself as a judgmental person, but he could see why Coulson had tried to warn him off it.
"Don't suppose I know." Rhodey shrugs. "Somebody must have thought it was green enough."
T’Challa appeared to contemplate this information deeply, and Tony didn’t get it. Hadn’t T’Challa been the one to notice Steve was suffering bond loss in the first place?
He actually pretended to read the damn thing, even flipping over to the next page before he finally settled back in his chair and announced, “The doctor is still projecting two to three weeks for your burns to heal. No miraculous change. Bandages stay on and physical activity will be minimal, Barton."
"Why is it always you at the center of trouble Tony?"
THEN I WISH YOU NOTHING BUT SURE HANDS ANTHONY.
Tony smiled tiredly down at her, leaning close to nuzzle her brow with a soft contend purr.
"Fine, I'll run it by them. But only because you asked so pretty. Nice touch with the pheromones back there by the way. Bet the kittens back home just love you." Tossing his tool kit aside on the workbench, Tony's mind was already turning toward the next big thing. "I've got a project on my back burner I  should get back to."
“No.” T’Cael snapped, adamantly shaking his head. “Our parents told us to stick together.”
Just because Tony thought it was possible didn’t mean opening his mind up to the web was anything he had any sort of practice with or knew of any precedent for. This shit was literally developing in his head as he went along.
They grow and they are forces of reckoning. Merchant of Death and Black Widow. Comprised of jagged edges and brittle parts they cut a bloody swathe through the world and dance with the worst of themselves, they do not hide their leper’s spots (because they can’t). Especially her. He sees it all. He doesn’t flinch.
Tony let him take his hand because his head still felt too big and too quiet and even with Bruce there his senses were still screaming that he needed to find his pack. But even now Bruce’s thoughts were completely open to him, kept leaping in and out of his head like a radio with bad reception and Tony was absolutely certain that he could rifle through everything Bruce had up there with barely any effort.
Harley was scheduled to take the federal assessment exam in early January and he was particularly nervous about the English portion that was well known for throwing complicated grammar rules and arbitrary words at young kats that even graduate students would struggle with, in order to leach points away from their overall score.
He was screaming his throat raw as blistering cold crept through his veins, freezing everything it touched until blessedly all consciousness was gone.
~*~*~
“You loved him.” Steve guessed and Natasha nodded, visibly collecting herself. It still amazed Steve that she felt safe enough or that it was necessary enough that she could be vulnerable this way with him. It was humbling, and a little terrifying because she was one of the strongest people he’d ever met. He didn’t want her to be hurt. Not in the past, not now. Not ever. Steve reached between them to take her hands cupping them gently and she started, staring down at them as if they were somehow alien, and then up at him as if he was.
DIDN’T HELEN SAY THAT THE FEMALE WAS STILL AN ADOLECENT? YOU ARE A SWINE.
” Peter stood up, voice ringing shrilly with excitement in the room as he blinked up at Tony in astonishment. He couldn’t believe it. Did Tony really mean it? Was he really going to let Peter be a part of the Pride? Would it be like the stories his parents had always told him? They’d be one big family who protected each other. They’d protect the city too, because it was theirs. They’d hunt down anything that tried to hurt them or the people who lived there and they’d build incredible things until there was no place like their home in the entire world.
“Let’s get started.” He looked at Natasha who nodded silently in agreement, but when Tony opened his mouth to call for JARVIS to open a particular file he thought would be a good jumping off point Steve pinned him with a stern stare and shook his head.
“Sometimes you don’t get to have the high ground. Life doesn’t always let you choose between a right and a wrong thing. Sometimes it’s just one shitty thing. Just one shitty thing you have to do to make sure that somebody is left to carry on the work.” Tony quipped with a false smile. He didn’t need Steve’s disappointed eyes to know why what he’d done was terrible. He got it. That was why he’d been the one to pull the trigger. Steve never would.
It’s easier to keep their focus on the blocks for Mama and now that they’re focused, the puzzle is almost laughably easy.
“Who wants to pee in my lab?” Tony, who had floated over from the observation booth, asked with a gleeful smirk. Steve was surprised to see that T’Challa and his guards had climbed down from the booth and were slowly making their way towards them.
Tony was still snickering when the call connected, a familiarly modulated voice greeting him warmly.
Tony rolled his eyes, because he was pretty sure Thor was just being an asshole now and pretending not to pick up their speech patterns.
A/N: I'm putting an extra warning here for potential triggers. We see a bit of Maria in this chapter, and Tony's birth. In this story at least, her becoming pregnant with Tony wasn't entirely voluntary. Because slavery. While nothing sexually non-con happens in this chapter, I recognize that having a child in bondage is a form of non-con itself and I hope you do too. Maria came to a certain decision about the child forced upon her that I tried to make clear here, and I hope you'll respect even as you would a woman's decision not to accept a child in that situation. Either way be kind to yourselves and don't press your triggers. That is all.
“Hey Cap.” Tony was careful to keep his tone easy but announce himself clearly. He didn’t want to startle Steve in this kind of state.
For Howard it meant that Tony was flawed. He'd wanted the biggest and strongest that the prides used to offer and instead he'd gotten the pride breeder.
"Sorry. Bond talk." Tony explained, waving his hand as if he could wave the situation away. "But for the record I'm older than Romanov which makes me the big brother."
“Finishing the rest of the diagnostics. He couldn’t wait.” Riri explained, wolfing down a mouthful of eggs. Nyota only relaxed when Amory sent her a small wave of reassurance. It was still just too weird for Nyota being the center of the group. Dad had always made it look so easy. Nyota had never really wanted to be Queen. It was a terrifying amount of responsibility to carry a Pride, and Dad had promised she’d have time to grow used to the idea and that if she ever decided that she really just wasn’t cut out for it, that he wouldn’t force her.
“I don’t know.”
"When is this wedding by the way?" Tony asked, before he could get lost in his work.
"The great dynasties would not have been possible without the Alurio. We are the children of the panther god. We share her gifts, and many of us her brilliance, and through her we are given the ability to become one. The great civilizations were built in a time of prosperity, when the Alurian queens still sought their mates among the royal blood, and were woven into one heart along with their human brothers."
"Perhaps the AllSpeak has failed to translate you correctly. The Benu is no mere bird. They have the ability to see beyond the folds of time, above and beyond ones self." MiKall explained, a gleam of awe in her eyes. "Their psychic abilities make it hard to hunt them, for they are always warned when you are close and are likely to corrupt your mind in order to kill you with ease."
“Got it doc.” Tony relented with a sigh. “No more parties or spontaneous bonding until I’ve got this psychic thing under control.”
And in a room far away, in another time and place, Tony Stark keeps breathing too.
Caps eyes met his for a brief moment and Tony saw the same grim understanding reflected back at him. Somehow, the Avengers had to stop whoever was trying to abduct Justice Walsh’s daughter, and apprehend those teenagers before SHIELD or the police could. They’d be scapegoats in the governments hands, and Tony shuddered to think what SHIELD would do with them and their tech.
"Mommy wasn't there." Tony realized almost as his he said it. His brain was working fast through everything Luke had shared with them and recalling the conversation he'd had with Bastet at the wedding.
Vonkov turns bright red and swells up like a bullfrog, a vein ticking at his temple. He canes Tony worse than he ever has. He beats his bottom and the back of his legs until they’re numb.
Later, when he’s back to himself he learns that Betty was injured in the destruction. Amory is dead.
It was nice to think of his dad and Master Osborne goofing off and getting into trouble just like he and Harry did.
They're a pride and they should be far more cohesive than they are. They should all be bonded.
Tony staggered, dizziness overwhelming him as he blinked his head clear and shoved the noise back. He couldn’t fail to notice the return of energy building in his chest. He grabbed Harley by the shoulder and the kit tapered off mid-sentence.
~*~*~*~
Up next: Tony's survived surgery (still breathing with us) and the Avengers have thrown themselves into navigating their new bonds and solving the mystery behind the mercenaries and Tony's stolen tech. Steve and Natasha are forced to delay their hunt for the Winter Solider when the trail of the mercenaries leads to SHIELD's home turf in Washington. Back in New York, Tony struggles to juggle his responsibilities at the company, the new build on Resilience, and the welfare of the shelter kats up north who need growing room. Lucky for him he's got Clint and a possibly renegade royal to help out.
“He’s gone dark.” Natasha murmured blankly, clutching her hands together tightly. Steve put an arm around her shoulder without thinking, but was glad he did when he felt the way she was shivering almost too finely for the naked eye to catch.
"It means he's a flirt." Natasha answered deadpan, but Tony got the feeling she believed it and that she disapproved.
Billy paled and Teddy glared at Matai.
And when Barnes made an unexpected recovery the Rogers had been allowed to take their new kitty home with them, which allowed everyone to feel better about the fact that dozens of kits had been killed in the name of progress, and for the government to know just where to find Barnes should they decide to pick up the experiment again.
He stamped down on the sensation, not trusting it not to be some weird and potentially deadly side effect of the extremis virus, and arched a brow at Natasha, preparing to ask what she would use to defend herself in the worst-case scenario but the woman waved the unspoken words away, slowly lowering her upper half back to the couch with a pain filled sigh.
Ivan pushed against Stark’s mind, eyes narrowing in frustration when he did not find the familiar sensation of Stark’s mind drawing him in. It was always Ivan evading Stark in the past, throwing up resistance and going on the offensive in order to eject his enemy from his head. But this time Ivan slammed into a wall. A trembling wall, behind which he could hear and feel the signs of life. It was far from impenetrable, with none of the power and confidence he had grown used to from Stark. In fact, Ivan could have sworn he’d tasted the distinct whiff of panic – of feminine terror – before that wall came slamming down to repel him.
(See the end of the chapter for
This was news to Tony. It stung, but he tried not to let his surprise show.
He glanced at her and followed her gaze to where his hand gripped tightly around the delicate stem of his glass. He took a slow breath, loosening his grip. He wasn't going to let Tiberius Stone get to him like this. He wasn't a naive kit anymore.
They heave their sour grapes at him through the tabloids but you know what they say. When life throws grapes, crush them and make wine.
They know she steals the books but they don’t mind. As an aide she doesn’t make much and all her wages go to Mr. Banner anyway and he certainly won’t buy them books.
~*~*~*~
"Did the doctor come back early?" She asked, knowing very well that he hadn't. Steve didn't even have the grace to look mildly guilty about it, the line of his jaw going stiff and stubborn as he went back to work unwrapping himself. Stark would have some witty innuendo for that, but she'd leave it to him. She was content to watch and enjoy her apple.
"Perhaps there's a twelve-year-old kid you've never met." Natasha offered helpfully and Tony shuddered, not just at the horrifying nature of learning he might have a kid he'd never met but because it might mean that there was some poor kit out there in the world suffering god only knew what without the protection of Tony's name. If he was ever crazy or selfish enough to actually have a kit he could at least grant them that. They'd be his children. Never pets.
[to Stark] He’s a protective one isn’t he? It must be nice having Captain America for a mate. There are a lot of jealous kittens out there I’m sure.
Natasha who had been kneeling beside a dirt streaked and blood stained Clint had crooked her finger imperiously in his direction and Catman had wordlessly pushed Tony into the woman's dangerous hands. Which she'd dragged all over him, muttering what he was sure were curses in low angry sounding Russian as she examined all of his injuries down to the smallest cut. Frankly, it was a bit stifling and he was very eager to get a chance to interrogate Catman before he pulled his Houdini act again.
"We don't want to frighten these things off before we even spot them." Down below Steve was reminding them as tony weaved through the trees, light beams cutting through the mist. Natasha was a shadow, leaping and crawling between branches, darting in and out of his beams in quick flashes.
So anyway the Greeks came across the Alurio which is what they called themselves, but because nobody actually calls anything by its given name anymore, nowadays people generally go with gata or if they were born after the Hello Kitty phase of the nineties Neko-Yokai, or if they're really non-progressive kats; and when you make up less than 5% of the population it’s not like you get much of a say on how these things go.
“It’s a Starling.”
"I thought you said that was the Romans." Natasha pointed out, lips twitching toward a smile and Thor grinned.
“I’m coming, Tony.” Tony heard Steve panting over the comm, no doubt running full speed in their direction. But that wasn’t good, because that would leave Clint outnumbered and outgunned with the girl with the dancing fingers and creepy powers.
They got a scare or two when the heartrate monitors started to blare, sending Helen and Dr. Salek into a flurry of motion as they did what they could to steady both heartbeats.
She didn’t come out and say it but he got the message just the same. She hadn’t wanted him to get played again. And suddenly, all her pushing him toward Steve made sense. She’d told him she preferred big sister over meddling granny. He’d not taken her seriously, but he was beginning to think that he should have.
He kept his eyes open, fought through the pain in order to get back on his feet as quickly as possible, so he saw it when the thin metal disc that had knocked him off his feet rebounded and made its way back to the hand of his attacker, who held it up to defend himself from the shots Ivan rained down on him as if he’d anticipated his every move.
Stark was a complicated man but a good one, and he was doing a good thing here for all of them. Maybe they wouldn't agree on everything but now he was certain that they truly shared a common goal. Tony wasn’t Bucky, but nobody was ever going to be.
“Tony would like to plant the nano-technology we’ve been working on inside his body.” Helen explained and the tom's ears arched in surprise as he looked toward Tony speculatively.
With his red coat hanging open revealing the white undershirt he wore and the straps of his suspenders, Steve looked far closer to December’s poster boy for a firehouse charity calendar than jolly old St. Nick but Tony was far from complaining. Steve wouldn’t be Steve though if he didn’t balk at the thought of wearing thousands of dollars’ worth of costume.
“For my trespass, I offer you the hands that made the offense. May your teeth strike true.”
It wouldn’t be that, between him and his boy, he thinks viciously. It would be love, but the kit knows better than to suggest that anywhere anybody might hear. He doesn’t want to hurt his boy. No not ever.
“So, there’s no reason why today you can’t take a little time to yourself. You’ve been working so hard I’m sure you could use the break as much as Prince T’Challa.”
Tony took a deep shuddered breath and let it out quickly, plastered a smile on his face and sat up with a groan sending Tink and Stripes rolling to the floor with giggles.
“You kiss your mother with that mouth Cap?”  a cheery voice called and Steve looked up to find Tony sauntering across the gym, stepping over fallen arrows and smoothly around obstacles and grinned. The room just seemed brighter with him in it.
Rushed drugs combined with the usual forms of exploitation and abuses made it easy for anyone with half a brain to see why they had more deaths per year due to aggressive kats than anywhere else in the world. Ten years ago, a youth movement had successfully managed to unite Gata and the countries beleaguered working class. They’d put up a rebellion against the government that had resulted in a lot of death and property damage but no better treatment for the poor and disenfranchised.
"He offered me a job, gave me a team to continue my work on the virus.”
"Quite right Peach, but it's the principle of the thing." He says, and thankfully they’re back to normal once more.
Still, Natasha had a point. Steve needed to be doing a better job of socializing with his fellow guests instead of obsessively watching his boyfriend hold court at the head of their table.
Seeing Tony dressed up was never a hardship, and he was reallyin his element tonight. Tony’s white suit was striking under the lantern glow and it was hard to miss the flash of red and gold at his wrists, the wristlets Prince T’Challa had gifted him peeking out from the bottom of his cuffs.  Steve’s fingers itched. Some possessive part of him wanted to grab Tony by the hand and yank that armor off him, true enough, but a much larger part of him enjoyed the look of them too much. It was hard to tell whether the subtle aura of power they gave off was a part of their construction or a part of Tony himself. Maybe Tony was just a dangerous man. Would Tony let him sketch him in those? Maybe even in just those and nothing else. It would look incredible. That gold up against Tony’s olive skin, those ruby red lines glowing with life, almost enough to distract form the wicked glint in those whisky colored eyes.
