“No, but there’s a recipe on the container.” Sam tossed the formula towards him, momentarily forgetting that Dean was, in fact, holding a baby. Dean just managed to catch the container in his free hand, glaring at Sam when he had it. Sam handed him a bottle, grinning apologetically, and then left the kitchen. Dean rolled his eyes as Sam walked out.
“Of course, Dean.” Castiel said, removing his fingers. Dean whined a little at the loss as Castiel rolled a condom on and spread the lube over himself. Dean didn’t have to wait long-It only took Castiel a few seconds before he was pushing into Dean.
that was inhumane and cruel, the bitch) So instead, Sam decided to take the couch and let Dean and Cas have the other bed since, according to Sam, ‘It’s not any different from sleeping with him as a baby.’
“I mean…uh…Can I?” Dean asked, looking up at Cas. The angel smiled and spread his arms in an invitation. Dean grinned to himself and put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders to push the trench coat off. It fell and pooled around the angel’s feet. Dean smiled up at Castiel, who leaned down to press a kiss to his lips. When Cas went to pull away, Dean followed him and put his hands on the back of the angel’s neck to keep him there. Dean felt the angel smile and, when he was positive the angel would stay he slid his hands down and began to finish what Cas had started.
Dean woke up to the sun streaming through the curtains that someone had left open. He yawned and stretched and something pulled at his shirt, causing him to look down to see that Cas was still fast asleep and still cuddled up to Dean, complete with his hand still gripping Dean’s shirt.
“Now, I will be more than happy to reverse the spell on your charming angelic friend. But of course, you will have to do a little something for me.”
“Can I have my arm back, Cas?” Cas paused mid-yawn and looked down at their hands. He let go quickly.
But it couldn’t hurt to lay here for another few minutes, could it? After all, Cas was very warm. Comfortable. He’d just lay here for a few more minutes.
“You have your magic, I have mine, kiddo.” He said. He turned to wink at Sam, who smiled back. Andrew left to go and change in the bathroom. Dean sighed.
Dean sat up straighter. This was what he’d come here for. To watch beautiful women pretend that they want him. His eyes were glued to Meg as she started to shake her ass and take off the little bit of clothes she’d put on to come out here. Immediately, though, Dean had to lean away. She looked too much like Bela for him to be completely comfortable with it. But he still tucked a few bills into her g-string when she came closer. She was here to make money, after all. Dean wasn’t going to be one of those people.  “Thanks, sugar.” She said, rolling her body on the pole as she stood up.
“He’s fine, Cas. Trust me.” Cas accepted Dean’s kiss but he still looked troubled. Dean let go of Cas and walked over to his bag. He tossed a pair of underwear towards his angel.
“Goodnight, Sam. Gabriel.” he said, and suddenly Dean found himself crashing onto the lumpy bed in their hotel room, with the angel attacking his lips feverishly. Dean moaned low in his throat and brought his hands up to tangle in Cas’ hair.
“Perhaps we are just wrapped around each other.” He said. Gabriel turned around in time to catch a soft smile on his brother’s face before Cas disappeared. Gabriel smiled and shook his head. As sickening as it sometimes was to watch them together, he was glad for it. Dean and Castiel both deserved the amount of devotion they had for each other. Gabriel walked out of the room and shut the door behind him. Even if neither of them had a key, Cas could always pop in. He strode down the hall towards the door of the room him and Sam shared. Talking to Sam after him and Dean fought was not on his list of favorite things to do.
"Was that good?" Dean asked, sitting back. Castiel didn't even have to look at him to hear the smile in his voice.
It was strange. Toddler Gabriel actually looked a lot like regular Gabriel. Sure, he was a little chubbier (baby fat?), and, of course, everything was smaller, but it was like he had been shrunk rather than aged down. Dean looked up at Sam.
“What the hell?” he asked, as he climbed out of the bed. Cas started to cry, but Dean plucked him up before he had a chance to really start. Gabriel and Sam exchanged looks before turning their eyes to Dean.
“Soon, Dean, I promise.” he said, and Dean nodded. He spread his legs in invitation, causing Cas to inhale sharply. Suddenly there was a bottle of lube in one hand and the other was running over Dean’s thighs. “You’re beautiful.” he said, leaning in and kissing Dean gently. He heard the pop that meant Cas had opened the lube, and soon, sure enough, he felt slick fingers teasing at his entrance. He took a deep breath, forcing himself to relax as Cas gently pushed one finger inside of him.
“C’mere.” Dean said, walking up and grabbing Castiel’s arm, leading him over to the bathroom mirror, putting his back towards the mirror. There, on his back, were track marks made by Dean’s nails; in the shape of two red angel wings.
Dean stepped up and gently covered her with a blanket. He cut the televison off, and then the lamp. He wasn't going to wake her up now. He looked back at her one more time before he climbed the stairs to their bedroom. He was a piece of shit for cheating on her. He knew that. But somehow, knowing that wasn't enough to make him stop. He was already in too deep with Castiel.
“Thank you. It would have been easier on you to betray us.” He said. Andrew just smiled as he took Dean’s hand.
Dean stepped out of the elevator and made his way across lobby. The amount of emotions running through him at the moment was astonishing. Not only was he mad enough to set hell on fire, he was also sad and for some fucking reason he was also anxious. Everything Gabriel had said had brought all of his repressed emotions to the surface. Did Gabriel really think that he didn’t regret Ash or Pam or any of the rest of the people he had gotten killed? Did he really think that if Dean had a choice that he would take the place of every single one of them? Dean felt tears start to well up in his eyes and he took a deep breath, trying to hold them back. For fuck’s sake he didn’t want to cry walking down some random street in Wisconsin with an angel of the lord-turned human baby in his arms.
“Pity. I wanted you to beg, but your hunter’s pride just wouldn’t allow that, now would it?” She said, walking towards him. “Such defiance. I respect that, Dean Winchester, I really do.” She leaned down over Dean and Sam didn’t hear whatever she said to him, but judging by this brother’s expression it wasn’t good. She looked at Dean with an unmistakable lust in her eyes. The woman turned around and walked back to her chair.
“Someone else is missing?” Dean says, still watching Cas as the angel pulls a pair of Dean’s sweatpants from his bag and pulls them on before joining Dean at the door, placing a feather-light hand on Dean’s waist. “Who? When?” Sam swallowed.
Gabriel and Sam popped back in and saw Dean fast asleep on the bed, with Cas cradled into his chest. Gabriel shushed Sam and pointed.
“You’re Lindsey Donovan.” he said, making the girl stiffen. She looked back at him with impossibly wide eyes.
Castiel had a tattoo that covered up the scars from his insubordination. He’d shown it to Dean once, soon after they’d met. The first time Dean had invited him over for the holidays. He hadn’t even noticed the scars at first, due to the huge pair of black wings that dominated most of the skin. It was one of the most detailed tattoos that Dean had ever seen. He could see the attention that the artist had paid to making sure that every feather laid perfectly. Dean hadn’t been able to look away.
“Do you think Cas is still in here?” He asked Sam. Cas tried to say ‘yes’ but all that came out was babble that caused Dean to shush him.
tell me you have lube.” he said into Dean’s ear and the hunter nodded eagerly. Hell yeah, this is exactly what he wanted. He struggled a little with Cas on top of him but managed to reach to the side and pull the small bottle out of his bag. He pressed it into the angel’s hand. Castiel smiled and rolled off, moving so he was beside Dean instead of on top of him. He trailed his hand slowly down Dean’s torso to the top of his underwear.  In one fluid motion, the angel gripped the boxers and pulled them off. Dean thought he heard the sound of fabric ripping but he was
Amanda looked stunned. “So…w-when he said Gabriel…” she gestured at Andrew. “he meant…the Gabriel? With Mary and the horn and all of that?”
“That wasn’t funny, Dean.” He said, giving Dean his bitch-face. Dean kept laughing until a smell wafted up from the tiny bundle in his arms.
Dean moved his hands to Castiel’s waist, soothing his thumbs over his hipbones and then going straight to the button on his pants. Before he could get it undone, Cas’ hands circled his wrists. Dean pulled back, confused, and looked at Cas. The angel smiled softly at him.
“It’s not anything important, I just hadn’t realized it until now and it caught me off guard.” He said, looking at his shoes.
“If I am not mistaken, she was referencing the bar we passed on our way into town. Her husband is most likely an alcoholic, and the recent disappearance of his daughter has probably made it worse. It sounds as if this has been an issue for some time.” Dean gave a low whistle.
“I’ll kill him if you come any closer.” She threatened, holding a long and lethal-looking dagger to the base of his throat. Poor Gabriel looked terrified, his fear making his eyes round. It would be adorable if his life wasn’t in the balance.
“Seriously, Sam? I think it’s pretty clear who did this! Casmiria’s back, and somehow she’s got her powers back, or she’s got another witch doing her bidding, or she’s just kidnapping and killing people for the hell of it, who knows!”
“They must have put up warding when they went in. I can’t enter the house. Nor can Gabriel.” Cas shook his head. “I’m sorry.” Dean ran a hand down his face. So it was just him, Sammy, and Andrew, then. They had faced worse odds.
“Casmiria, I bind thee from hurting others!” It all stopped and Casmiria turned slowly to face Andrew. He was holding up the cord with one knot on there. She opened her mouth but nothing came out.
Castiel made a decision then. Wordlessly, he flew over to stand behind Lindsey, pressing two fingers to her forehead and catching her before she fell. Even though the girl was undoubtedly behind some of this, he didn’t doubt that she had been lied to and coerced into doing many, if not all of the things she did. If Casmiria was anything, she was a skilled manipulator, and Lindsey probably wasn’t that hard to convince. A girl that had never had anything, was suddenly offered to have infinite power and control? Castiel understood better than anyone the pull of that offer.
“Shh, Cas, it’s alright.” Dean whispered. “I promise I won’t let her hurt you.” Cas struggled and whined. It wasn’t himself he was worried about.
Cas was his favorite, hell, half the time he liked the wayward angel more than he liked his own brother. But knowing that himself and admitting it to said angel were two very different things. He opened his mouth.
“Don’t go all scientist-y on being naked, Cas.” Dean said. Gabriel rolled his eyes at the two of them. Just then the bathroom door opened, revealing a wet-haired Sam with a towel around his waist. The two brothers locked eyes for a minute and then Dean looked away, unable to hide the shame on his face.
“Can I uhh, get a ride?” he asked. Gabriel laughed and stepped forward gripping the other man and was suddenly gone. Dean turned to Sam.
“Need…more…you…please.” he mumbled. Dean pressed against his prostate again and Cas cried out. “Dean, please!”
“I don’t know. It’s sealed; we’ll have to get Sam to hack into it whenever he gets done screwing your brother.”
cool, by the way – I may have started…watching her.” He trailed off and glanced at Dean, his expression a little fearful. “At first, it was just to keep an eye on her, make sure she wasn’t kidnapping children and turning them into soap or something. But then…she slipped me.” He looked down at the floor shamefully. “I was with this girl and she skipped town without me noticing. I tried to follow but she was long gone by the time I got…” he cleared his throat. “Anyway, I had to start all over again and I’ve been tracking her ever since.”
"Goodnight, Dean." Castiel replied, losing the fight as a tear rolled down his cheek. He heard a click and surrended, dropping his phone. He heard it bounce on the floor, but it wasn't in him to care. He wiped his eyes, cursing himself for the weakness. He so pathetic, it wasn't a suprise that Dean didn't want him beyond sex. When they fucked, it wasn't like Dean had to pay attention to the mess that was inside of Castiel.
As soon as they were back at the motel, Gabriel threw Andrew onto a bed. Literally.  Luckily for him, the guy was still passed out.
“Oh, good, you caught him.” Cas said. Dean glared at him and then offered Sam a hand. Sam took it and stood up, Gabriel still against his chest. He looked at Dean and then busted out laughing. Dean made a bitchface that would rival Sam’s.
Jimmy finished his rounds and came back to Dean, but instead of straddling him he sat down, bracing his hands on the chair as he started to grind his ass back onto Dean’s hard cock, making Dean see stars. Over Jimmy’s shoulder, he could see the other man gyrating and could see his cock, barely concealed in the red cotton as he rode him, Dean’s cock falling exactly into the crack of his ass.
“I did not wish to share my feelings with any of the others. Gabriel would scoff and Sam would…Sam would agree with me. It just…it seems unwise to give something so powerful to a toddler.” Castiel said.
. At least in the Impala he could listen to music and hold Cas’ hand and maybe even cuddle a little while they waited for something interesting to happen. Not that he would
“A hotel, I guess. It wasn’t fair of me to keep up this farce of a marriage with Lisa. She deserves better.” Castiel nodded.
“Well it seems that one of the witches in your coven has cast an age spell on one of my friends.” He said, looking her in the eye. The witch tilted her head, as though she was surprised.
Dean angled his head to deepen the kiss. After a minute of this, Dean quickly flipped the two of them over and pinned the angel down. Cas complied, allowing him to be held down even though he and Dean both knew the angel could break Dean’s hold as easily as he would glass. Dean growled started to kiss Cas again.
“Oh, don’t tell me you’re crying.” Dean said harshly, and immediately regretted it. He swallowed and reached out towards him. “Cas, I…”
“For God’s sake, fuck me, Dean.” Dean grinned at Cas’ blasphemy. He took his fingers out and slicked his cock up. He pressed teasingly against Cas’ hole. Cas surprised Dean by pressing himself down and taking Dean inside himself with one fluid motion.
“De…” he said sleepily. Dean smiled and couldn’t help but pick up him up. Cas yawned and stretched again, nuzzling into Dean’s shirt. The hunter put a soothing hand on the baby’s back. He heard a muffled snort from the other bed and looked over at Sam. His brother was still asleep, and smiling slightly as he snuggled a pillow. Dean almost laughed, seeing his brother’s gigantic form hunched around the tiny pillow. Dean looked around the room and noticed that he didn’t see Gabriel anywhere. Hmm. That was strange.
It was over after that. Dean was relentless in his worship of Castiel’s body, tasting and teasing and bringing him to the edge, only to pull him back with sweet kisses and whispered endearments. It was the most exquisite kind of torture, something that Castiel would experience over and over again so long as Dean is the one who administers it.
“Don’t you two do that enough already?” he asked in an exasperated tone. “Wait, never mind don’t answer that. Fine. One hour, or I’m taking the car.” he threatened. Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean stepped inside when Amanda stepped back, allowing them entry into her home. Cas followed and Amanda shut the door with an audible
"I'm sorry?" he asked, trying to play dumb in hopes that she'd leave him alone. He wasn't that lucky, but it was worth a shot.
“I could show you around.” She said immediately. “I know practically everyone. I could probably help you get a job, too.” She smiled shyly. “You know, since you don’t know anyone else.”
“Dean!” Cas cries out when Dean brushes against his prostate. Dean thrusts at the same angle again and feels Cas dig his nails into his shoulders.
“Okay.” Dean said, making Gabriel look at him. “First things first is we’re gonna have to try and break the angel warding. That way we’ll at least some angelic help.” Gabriel knew it wasn’t a dig at him, but it still felt like one. He frowned and looked away.
” She smiled, but there was no humor behind it. It looked more like a wolf that had just cornered its prey. “As fun as it would be, I don’t I’m going to be the one to enlighten you. You should ask your angelic friend.” She smiled and gestured to Cas. Dean looked up at her.
“Why don’t we just find the bitch and gank it?” Dean spoke softly, but there was no denying the venom in his voice. It seemed that the hunter had taken it as a personal insult that someone would dare to turn his best friend-angel into a baby. Gabriel sighed.
“I woke up, and he was like this. He was still asleep, though…I thought I should go and get you two before I woke him up.” Dean nodded and then reached out, intent on waking Gabriel up. Sam grabbed his arm.
“Likewise. I feel like I know you already.” They both glanced at Dean and he gave them a thumbs up and a smile.
“While you all were sleeping, I took the liberty to go out and get you some food.” Dean nodded and happily went to look at the food on the table (more burgers, but he wasn’t complaining) he grabbed one and started to eat it with a blissful look on his face.
“Don’t think I don’t know what you’re doing.” Dean states, climbing back up Castiel’s body and straddling his hips.
“As long as he’s okay, you know. I can handle it.” Sam said. Gabriel leaned his head around the corner.
Cas could tell something was really wrong with Dean. He didn’t have much practice reading human emotions but he did have a lot of practice reading Dean. And the speed of which emotions were flashing across the hunter’s face was alarming to the tiny angel. And he had no idea what to do to help him. They had somehow found their way to a park and Dean had sat them down on a bench. It was almost dark, with just a hint of pink at the horizon. Dean sighed and leaned back. He looked down at Cas.
It took a little bit of work (along with some angelic help), but finally they managed to gather all the components of what Dean had helpfully named the ‘Witch Molotov’. Finally, they had a solid plan to get Casmiria off the map for good.
Sam smiled and then tackled Gabe to the bed. The archangel squealed a little as Sam pinned him down. Sam laughed.
Dean was awoken sometime later when someone knocked on his door. Apparently Sam had come home early. The hunter sat up groggily and slowly shuffled to the door, rubbing at his eyes as he opened it.  He was angry at being woken up and that made him sound harsher than the meant to.
“Goodnight, Sam.” Cas said. He had risen quietly to his feet behind Dean. Sam opened the door and left.
“Be. Patient.” he growled, causing Cas mewl in frustration. It was already taking all of his self-control to not pound his boyfriend into the mattress. Dean sped up slowly, biting his lip as Castiel contracted around him. The fucker was doing that shit on purpose. When Cas clenched tight once more, Dean’s self-control snapped. He started to thrust harder, faster, holding his boyfriend against the mattress as he pounded into him.
"Good. Bring it to work tomorrow, would you? Just leave it in your car, I'll get it before I leave for the day." Dean instructed.
Dean’s train of thought was interrupted by a firm, sweet kiss. Dean kissed him back, clinging to the angel slightly because he wasn’t ready for this to end, Jesus, he didn’t think he would be able to live if Castiel left.
Where the clothes he had had on went, Dean didn’t know. He only knew that Cas was cuddling up to Dean. Naked. Dean looked around and didn’t see Sam or Gabriel. Gently, he began to pry Cas’ fingers from his shirt. The angel stirred slightly but didn’t wake up. Dean thanked God that Sam and Gabriel hadn’t witnessed that scene. They would never let him live that down.
“Did you hear anything I said?” he asked, and Dean raised his eyebrows. Had Cas been talking? Was he really freaking out that much? Dean shook his head, and Castiel sighed.
“Jesus, Gabe, I already apologized, okay? Now move, so I can go and explain to Andrew what an asshole I am.” Gabriel didn’t say anything, just stood there with his arms crossed, staring at Dean. So, naturally, Dean did the totally mature thing and copied him, crossing his arms and staring Gabriel down. They stood like that for a few tense seconds before Gabriel broke into a grin and shoved him playfully.
“Cas? Do you think you could point out the witch that did this to you if you saw her?” Cas thought for a moment and then slowly nodded his head. Dean grinned and turned to the other guys. “See, if we take him he could help us identify the witch.” Cas nodded enthusiastically. He didn’t want to be cooped up in this hotel room the duration of their stay any more than Dean did. He was prepared to go out in public, even if it would be as a baby. Gabriel and Sam both shrugged in defeat.
“Only you.” he breathed, as he watched the angel coat his fingers. Dean spread his legs in eager anticipation as Castiel’s hand descended towards his hole. Castiel chuckled.
Castiel’s mouth moved down and he was nipping and licking at Dean’s torso, down to his waistline. He sucked little marks into the skin there and kissed his way back up the other side. Once Castiel’s mouth found its way to his other nipple, any control that Dean had snapped.
“That woman today…” Dean said, in-between kisses, “you liked it, didn’t you? Liked me being possessive and claiming you as my own. Didn’t you?”
Three and a half hours later, they still didn’t have anything. Dean was starting to get a headache from reading for so long. He sighed and rubbed his temples, before looking up at his companions.
“Come on, then, Winchester.” he gestured to his body. Dean leapt up and quickly straddled Cas, leaning over to kiss the angel sloppily. The hunter positioned himself over Cas and slammed down, taking all of the angel in one swift motion. Castiel groaned and gripped Dean’s hips and thrust himself up into Dean at the same time Dean pushed down on him. Dean threw his head back as the angel brushed his prostate.
That had been a good night. The only thing he vaguely remember was taking a body shot off of Cas, but he pushed that thought away with a smile and settle down into the bed. He was surprised when Castiel immediately scooted closer and tucked into his chest. At Dean raised eyebrow, Castiel huffed.
“This is what, the first time you’ve ever done it? How can you say that you don’t like it?” Gabriel glared at him.
“It’s ‘White Snake’ you’re thinking of. And you didn’t tell me that.” Dean said, looking at his little brother. Sam raised an eyebrow.
Dean was fighting a losing battle. The struggle to breathe was exhausting his lungs and throat, and he could barely keep his eyes open to glare at the witch. Of course, Cas slapping at his face wasn’t really doing anything but drawing his concentration off of the witch in front of him. In one last attempt of bravado, Dean closed his mouth and set up straight, staring Casmiria down as he felt his consciousness slipping away. Suddenly, it was all over. Air refilled his lungs and his oxygen-deprived body started to greedily sucking in the newfound air. Casmiria was still standing up, but there were no more sparks and she was smiling slightly.
“Dean, we aren’t even sure if it is her.” Cas kissed Dean’s hair. “And if it is, then we will find some way to stop her.” He sounded so confident, so sure, that Dean believed him. They had always found a way before, hadn’t they? This time wouldn’t be any different. The bad guys would lose. They always did. Dean sighed and let his head rest against Cas’ chest.
Dean was dumbfounded. He had never known all the steps that Andrew had taken to make sure Casmiria couldn’t come back. Seeing her back must have really been hellish experience for him. That was, undoubtedly, the reason he was working so hard in order to bring her down.
Castiel, on the other hand was totally dressed, albeit without the trenchcoat. Dean reached up and tried to grab at Castiel’s clothes.
exactly but it was close enough. The effect was immediate. All three of them stopped talking and looked at him. Sam spoke first.
“Dude, close your mouth.” he said, but straightened up. “Do you remember that time we hunted those witches up in St. Louis?”
“Dean? I got breakfast.” Sam called through the door. Dean grumbled and went to open the door, forgetting that he was only wearing a towel. Sam raised an eyebrow.
“What does she want?” he asked. Dean handed him the note. Andrew read it over quickly and then made a noise of disgust. Dean took it back and then re-read it. It was actually pretty simple.
” Gabriel rolled his eyes. “But it wouldn’t be right. We have a chance to rid the world of something evil. Isn’t that your whole spiel? ” He asked, glancing between Sam and Dean. Dean had to do a double take.
Dean wanted to believe him, he really, really did. But he couldn’t bring himself to. Cas started riding him a little harder, as if he could sense Dean’s will weakening. Watching Cas ride him and jerk himself off at the same time was a dizzying experience, and Dean thought he could come from just that.
They shouldn’t bother him. He knows, he really does, that the Winchester’s don’t think of him that way. But ever since that, the words keep replaying in his head.
So basically I just decided to hell with it and I'm just going to post the rest of the story. Enjoy.
Grumbling, Dean found a pair of sweats and pulled them on, getting a strange sense of déjà vu as he went to pull the door open. Sure enough, Sam stood there, looking even more scared than he had the previous time Sam had woken them up. Dean was immediately in big-brother mode.
“You are an infuriating man, Dean Winchester.” Cas said, stepping closer. “It seems the closer I get to you, the further you push me away.” Cas reached out, grabbed Dean’s arm and tugged the man closer to him. “You are ruthless, and reckless to the point that you don’t seem to care whether you live or die.” Cas looked down and entwined their fingers. “In a way, that is one of the reasons I love you. You would do anything to help someone else, and that is beautiful.” Cas looked back up into Dean’s face. Dean opened his mouth to apologize again but Cas shook his head. “Let me finish. Sacrificing yourself for someone else is a noble cause. But you are worth more than to foolishly throw your life away. I know Sam agrees with me.” Cas let go of Dean’s hands and placed his hands on Dean’s waist instead. Dean felt his heart race as Cas leaned forward and put his head on Dean’s chest, directly over his heart. “If you won’t stay alive for yourself, Dean, then do it for us.” Cas said, the words muffled against his chest. He slid his arms around Dean’s waist and he squeezed. “Do it for me.” Dean had to swallow past a lump in his throat. He didn’t deserve this. He didn’t deserve Cas’ forgiveness him. And he always did. No matter how bad Dean had messed up, no matter what he said, Cas has always forgiven him. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and kissed the top of his head.
Dean thought. He stood up and grabbed for the tissue box on the table beside the door and started to clean himself up. He glanced at Cas with a smile on his face.
Four hours and 28 minutes later there was....nothing. Nada. Zip. Zero. The only thing that Dean knew for sure was that sitting in against this tree was starting to get uncomfortable. Painful, even. It wasn’t his longest stakeout, not by any means, but he usually had baby with him and her seats were a hell of a lot more comfortable than the trunk of this tree.
Getting back to work after a lunch date with Dean was always mildly difficult. It took him a moment to bring himself out of that world and back into the one where he wasn't anything more than a mule. Dean always made him feel special in a way nothing else could. And that was why he continued to do this with him.
“Come on , Cas. You’ve got to be hungry!” Dean said, exasperated. But little Cas was adamant about not taking that bottle.
"It would appear so. Are you planning on getting to the point anytime soon? I'd like to get back to sleep at some point, you know." Castiel teased.
“That’s not entirely true, Sam.” Cas said, speaking for the first time from his position at the foot of the bed. He looked shaken up, but far from freaking out. He seemed to be handling this much better than either of the brothers were. Or maybe he was just better at hiding it.
Dean noticed Cas’s blush and smirked more, moving over closer to Cas on the couch. “As many rounds as your body can take. Then maybe a few more.” He purred, sliding his hand over Castiels crotch, applying some pressure. Dean honestly didn’t care how many or few times they did it, but he knew that sentence always got whoever he was with riled up, and he wanted to do it with Cas at /least/ once that night.
Dean listened and then thought for a moment, his memory coming back to him. “Oh, right, you’re the homeschooled kid.” He said back casually. “You chose to come back here? After what happened?”
Dean just put on a pair of sweat pants and got onto Cas’s bed, usually being one to flip down onto his bed, but honestly just being too tired to be reckless. He normally cuddled up to a pillow when he was in his own bed, needing the extra comfort and something to hold onto. So when he laid down and felt Cas lay down next to him, he instantly gravitated towards him and reached out, wrapping his arms around Cas and pulling him close to himself. The other boys warmth instantly soothed Dean and he sighed softly, his eyes already closed as he started to fall back to sleep
“Good evening, Gentlemen.” Casmiria said, stepping back to allow them to enter. Castiel shivered slightly as he crossed the threshold, feeling the uncomfortable dampening of his powers. Luckily, the warding wasn’t as strong as he originally thought, meaning he had some measure of control. Either the witch must have been in a hurry or she had been given the incorrect symbols. He wouldn’t be able to fly them out of here, and he wouldn’t be able to smite anyone, but he was still capable of fighting like an angel.
“I’m very familiar with Casmiria’s magic. I could reverse it.” Sam opened his mouth but Andrew held up his hand. “I’d have to be at the Altar it was cast at, and I’d need the castor’s – in this case, Casmiria’s – blood. It’s a common enough reversal spell, but it should work.” Sam’s look of glee fell slightly but he nodded.
Plus, no one was paying attention to the powerless angel in the corner. They would see their mistake soon enough. After a few minutes, Castiel saw a flake of paint drop and float down to the floor. In the next second, Castiel had to stifle a gasp as all of his power rushed back to him.
A nip to his neck brought his attention to back to Castiel. Now was no time to thinking about Lisa, of all people. He brought his hands up and gripped Castiel's hair to pull him back. "I wish we had time for you to fuck me." Dean whispered, surging against Castiel's mouth. Cas was a fucking amazing kisser. He could make Dean forget anything and everything in a matter of minutes.
Dean chuckled and threw an arm around Castiel. “I know. I worry about you, too.” he said, kissing him on the cheek. Castiel scoffed.
“You’ve thought about this, haven’t you, Dean?” The angel asked suddenly as his hands stilled on Dean’s thighs. The hunter looked down at Cas in surprise. “Thought about how long it’s been since I’ve taken you. How it’s going to feel when I do it again. Haven’t you?” Dean doesn’t know what to say. Of course he’s been
It was simple enough, really. Show up at the cabin; safely get Amanda and Katie both out of there; try to subtly destroy Casmiria’s warding; Cas gets his angel mojo back; Casmiria dies; Andrew changes Gabriel back; everyone goes home.
“Yeah, we want to get this back and start on it immediately, start trying to find her. If we wait any longer, she might leave the area, if she hasn’t already.” Amanda nodded and stood up.
“That’ll work, too.” Gabriel agreed. “Besides, one of us should be around to make sure Dean-o gets at least a little bit of sleep.” Gabriel laughed. Dean stopped and allowed them to catch up with him. Cas had been quiet the entire trip, sleeping peacefully nestled into Dean’s hunting jacket. Dean threw three packs of onesies in the cart. He picked up a pack of socks and one pair of shoes, along with a tiny jacket, and all of those items joined the onesies in the cart. Dean looked at Gabriel.
“Fine. You win.” he said, then pulled Cas close again, putting his lips at Cas’ ear “But I’m gonna fuck the shit out of you when we get back tonight.” Dean promised, and was rewarded with a shiver from the angel.
“Not possible.” Dean grinned and pulled out of Cas before rolling both of them to the side. He grabbed Cas’ hand and entwined their fingers. Cas smiled and they kissed again.
They stopped off at Gabriel and Sam’s old room first, since they hadn’t thought ahead and gotten the new room number from them. Dean was a little surprised that everyone else was already there. Sam and Gabriel were sitting in the same place as last night. Amanda was sitting in one of the other chairs and Andrew was passed out on the bed. There was a bag of what Dean assumed was breakfast on the table.
“I’ll ride with her.” Andrew volunteered immediately. He smiled at her and she nodded. Dean grinned and clapped Sam on the shoulder.
“Gabe! Come back!” Sam abandoned the cart and chased after him, Dean and Cas hot on his heels. He heard Gabe laugh as he turned a corner into the opposite aisle. When Sam reached said corner he didn’t see Gabriel anywhere. That put him on guard.
“Sorry.” he said. “That was supposed to be for Dean.” Sam groaned and laid his head against the floor.
“Haven’t you spent the last few months getting drunk?” Dean asked testily, although he knew he had no room to talk when it came to drinking your feelings away. He wasn’t even entirely sure what made him say that.
“Dean, oh, Dean.” Castiel moans, arching up and pulling Dean’s mouth down to his so he can kiss him sloppily. Dean returns the kiss, moving his hand to the space between them so he can grip Cas’ cock. He starts to jerk the angel off in time with his thrusts, still brushing Cas’ prostate and making the angel moan unabashedly, tossing his head from side to side.
The ride back was mostly silent, as both of them were eating. It wasn't as akward as it had been once upon a time. They had lunch together almost every day, after all. It was one of the only times that they could be together without anyone asking questions. Most people at the office knew that they were friends, so it wasn't a strange thing.
“Enough with the niceties. Just get on with whatever you brought us here for.” Dean said. Casmiria sighed.
“That’s great, Cas. Where is he?” Dean asked, unable to stop grinning. Gabriel shot him death glare from his position in the backseat, but Cas seemed immune. He just looked at Dean.
“Fine, but one condition. Change Cas back first.” Dean said. “We may need him, if this guy is as good as you say he is.” Casmiria looked questioningly at Dean. “I mean, I know you can find us no matter where we are. We will hold up our end of the bargain, but I want you to change Cas back now.” A long silence stretched on, Dean (despite just about being suffocated by her) was staring down Casmiria, looking determined and not at all afraid until finally she nodded.
Much to everyone’s surprise, Sam answered the door almost immediately. He smiled happily at the food and proceeded to tear the bag away from Dean before him and Cas could even get over the threshold.
It was still early, though. Castiel still had more than enough time to show. Dean went over to his bed and stretched out, electing to watch some crappy television until his…whatever Castiel was, showed.
“Stop that.” Castiel looked down in surprise. Dean’s face was still squished against his chest but it had clearly been him who spoke. The man in question squeezed him gently and squinted up at him. “You’re thinking self-deprecating thoughts. I can tell. So stop.” he said. Castiel smiled and leaned down to kiss him.
Of course, letting Dean have his way lead to…complications. Fitting five fully grown men in the car was a major one. After a brief fight over shotgun, (which Cas won, much to Dean’s surprise) they all managed to squeeze into the Impala. Dean and Cas were up front, with Sam, Gabriel and Andrew in the back. Gabriel, being the smallest, had been forced into the middle, wedged between Sam, who was sitting behind Cas, and Andrew, who was sitting behind Dean. Sam had his arm around Gabriel’s shoulders, presumably because he didn’t have anything else to do with it.  In all honesty, Dean was starting to wonder about those two. They seemed to be spending increasing amounts of time together, and, more often than not, whispering together in corners. Whispering that happened to stop the minute Dean came anywhere near them. He knew
“No!” Sam said, at the exact same time, stepping away from Gabriel. Dean couldn’t help but laugh. He walked past the two of them to one of the beds. He gently laid Cas down on one of the pillows and covered him in his jacket, hoping that would keep him asleep a little longer. Dean looked up.
“It’s alright, Dean. I knew better than to get involved with you in the first place. It was…foolish of me. You can go home to Lisa now. You don’t have to stay with me.”
“Cas, there’s no one to impress. You’ll be fine.” Dean assured him, squeezing his arm around him and then letting him go. “Let’s get on the road.”
Freaking witches. Turning him into a freaking toddler guaranteed that he couldn’t go anywhere alone and therefore that greatly diminished his ability to do anything about anything.
He wasn’t disappointed. Gabriel only got in a handful of strokes before Sam was pulling away and digging through the bedside drawer for lube. He grinned to himself. He knew exactly how to work Sam into giving him what he wanted without having to ask for it. Sam stripped them both of their underwear and lubed up his fingers in record time. Gabriel felt a cold, lube coated finger against his entrance and he opened his legs a little wider. He smiled at the look on Sam’s face.
Breakfast was a quiet affair. With going to Casmiria’s cabin looming over their heads, no one had much of an appetite. Still, everyone ate, with the exception of Castiel, of course. Instead, he stood directly behind Dean, a hand on his shoulder, observing everyone quietly. Dean would never admit it, but having Castiel touch him was the only thing keeping him grounded. It was like the angel was giving him the strength to stay calm; and although he couldn’t be sure, Dean was almost positive the feeling was mutual.
Cas locked eyes with Dean as he ran his tongue around the head and then took it into his mouth, tonguing the slit and then sucking him down all at once. Dean threw his head back and thrust his hips up into the heat of Cas’ mouth, releasing the grip he had on the sheets in favor of tangling them in Cas’ hair. Cas hummed happily and pulled off, lapping at the tip and then he started to bob his head quickly. Dean bit his lip and tightened his grip in Cas’ hair, fighting the urge to fuck up into the angel’s mouth. Cas deep throated Dean, never taking his eyes off of him, and started to hum, tightening his throat and lips around Dean until the man cried out. Dean had never been happier that angels apparently had no gag reflex. Watching Cas, eyes blown wide with heat and lust was almost better than the blowjob he was receiving. Dean was so enraptured with the sight that he groaned when Cas pulled off and gave him one final lick.
admit this out loud, it actually made him feel really good that he was the one that Cas chose to cling to. It didn’t really make sense, he had known Gabriel longer, but for some reason the little angel had decided that he wanted to attach himself to Dean. It gave Dean a sense of….pride, almost, with the fact that Cas trusted him enough to let the hunter be his almost sole caretaker. Dean yawned and decided he should probably get to bed, that nap earlier had hardly done anything. Dean changed Cas before laying him down on the bed and placing Cas beside him. The tiny angel snuggled right up against him and was asleep almost instantly. Dean wasn’t far behind.
Cas finished the bottle in record time. In what seemed like no time at all, Dean was rinsing out the bottle and burping him. Dean had just decided that a diaper change was in order and was halfway through when he heard Sam yell.
“Yes. I found it…illuminating. Girl world is a complex place.” Castiel stared off in the distance for a moment before turning his attention back to Dean with what could best be described as an incredibly impatient expression. Dean sighed again, finally admitting defeat.
Sam, Dean and Gabriel all looked at each other. None of them had expected her to just outright admit that she had been the one to change Cas into anything. She smiled pleasantly at the three of them and sipped her tea.
When Castiel’s thrusts started to become erratic, Dean knew that the angel was close. So he sped up his rhythm and started to suck on Castiel’s neck again. He absolutely worshipped the sounds that Castiel made and it was almost beyond wonderful. The angel arched suddenly, his head pulling back so that Dean was able to watch his face contort in pleasure as he came all over Dean’s hand. The sight had Dean tumbling over the edge as well, and he came with a shout muffled against Castiel’s shoulder, sinking his teeth into the muscle as he worked them both through their respective orgasms.
“Watching me sleep? Okay, not creepy at all.” Gabriel paused and looked right at Sam, confusion etched into his features.
“S’alright. You were just trying to protect your brother. I understand.” Dean sighed and changed the subject. “Where’s Sammy?” Gabriel shrugged, producing a lollipop from nowhere.
Amanda’s hand jerked, causing her to spill coffee all over herself and the table. The hot coffee dripped off the table and into Sam’s lap, surprising him and making him jump. This unseated Gabriel and he was forced to grab Sam around the neck to keep from falling off. Sam, already being unbalanced from his initial jump, somehow managed to tip the chair over and then with a resounding
“I’m sorry, little brother.” Dean turned pink and Sam busted out laughing, but Cas just cocked his head.
“Go pee. It’ll fix that.” He said, one hand covering his eyes. He heard the bed creak and then the bathroom door shut and he sighed. The door opened and Sam and Gabriel walked inside, Sam carrying a bag of food and Gabe was carrying coffee. Dean spoke.
When they pulled into the hotel parking lot moments later, Dean cut the car off and stepped out without saying a word. Cas followed him quietly as he went to the motel room and opened the door, leaving it ajar so Cas could come through as well.
Castiel found that he could manipulate the candle holder on the wall. If he focused enough energy on it, he could move it. The best thing about this was that it was stationed directly over a major piece of the angel warding. He concentrated on making it rock back and forth, trying to scratch away a piece of the warding, but he had to go slowly so as not to attract attention. He knew that Sam had managed to untie himself, but he still wanted these wards
“Amanda, how wonderful. Katie sure has missed you.” the witch said, as if she hadn’t been the one to kidnap the little girl in the first place. Castiel looked around the room. There was one other person in there. A young woman with dark brown hair and deep chocolate eyes was standing next to a young girl who cried when Amanda entered the room.
“I’m not sure what exactly it could be though.” he mused, shutting his laptop. “It could be anything from a witch to a wendingo.”
“What should we do?” Sam asked. He stood slightly off to the side, his stance half-ready to run, half-ready to fight. Dean swore under his breath. This shit was not supposed to have happened. They were completely unprepared for a fight, especially a fight with an obviously powerful witch.
There was one room, with a door leading off to the side that Dean presumed led to a bathroom. The holes, which were visible from the outside, were patched, letting in no light other than that from the windows. It was clean, almost too clean – obviously someone was living here. There was food in the cupboards and recent ashes in the fireplace. Yeah, someone was living here alright. Dean started poking around, searching for something, anything, that might give them a clue as to who (what) they were hunting.
“Do you know what did this to you, Cas?” Dean asked quickly. The tiny angel nodded his head. Dean smiled, happy to finally be getting somewhere.
He should probably end it. Go ahead and get it over with, learn to live with a broken heart. But he couldn't. Wouldn't is probably a more because Dean made him feel alive, made him feel like he mattered more than anyone else in the world. When they were together, it was pure, unadultered bliss. It was only when they were apart, after Dean had left, that Castiel fell into this pit of despair. He rolled over, glancing at the alarm clock blinking on his bedside table. 2:46am. Too early to get up, and too late to justify trying to sleep before his alarm at 4:30am.
“I love you, too, Cas. I know I don’t say it enough and that I’m jealous and a dick and I wonder why you put up with me sometimes.” Dean sighed and buried his face in Cas’ hair. “But I’m glad you do.” he whispered. Cas looked up at him with a smile on his face.
“I hope so, too.” Gabriel said, and Sam nodded. Sam climbed in the passenger seat and Gabriel climbed in the back.
“Room 263.” Sam said, and they picked up their bags and headed towards the elevator. While they were waiting, a woman walked up and stood beside Dean. She was tall and shapely, with long black hair. She smiled at him and nodded towards little Cas.
“I wished to see if I could still use my ‘angel mojo’. Also, he will be more compliant this way.” Dean laughed. Sam came to stand beside the two of them.
“Yeah, I’m good. Just sore.” he chuckled. “Gonna be walking funny all day.” he said. Castiel reached out and put two fingers against Dean’s forehead, healing him of the slight ache.
Sam, Bobby and Jo were all sitting on the couch, watching one of the old Claymation Christmas movies on the ancient television set. When the door shut, they all turned and looked at them. Dean felt Castiel freeze and put a reassuring hand on the small of his back.
“Good. Because I believe you owe me an orgasm.” He said, standing straight and throwing a wink over his shoulder. He could only imagine what Jimmy had in store for him.
“How are we getting there? Driving?” Sam asked. Dean shook his head. “I was hoping we could get Gabe to fly us, since we aren’t sure if Cas can yet.” He glanced back at Cas, who had managed to put the shirt on backwards and was fumbling with it.
under Dean's bed. Dean made his way over to the dresser, digging through the drawer until he found the bottle. It wasn't graceful, nor dignified, but he unscrewed the cap and took a long drink anyway. It didn't take the guilt away, but it would help him sleep tonight.
Instead, he turned towards Sam, studying his sleeping face. He looked younger in his sleep, not quite so tense. The almost permanent pinch between his eyebrows was gone, soothed by sleep. Gabriel’s heart pinched, and he reached out to put a hand on Sam’s face.
“Nope, just a guess. That’s what I heard.” The archangel was sucking on a lollipop and pulled off of it with a ‘pop’. Dean rolled his eyes and continued to make the bottle.
There were many outcomes to this action that Cas expected. A laugh, a hug, maybe a self-depreciating joke. What he wasn’t prepared for was the eagerness with which Dean returned the kiss.
“At any rate, it’s too late now to go do anything about it. We should just get a fresh start in the morning.” Dean nodded and clapped his hands together.
“Dammit, Gabriel, stop screaming!” Dean said loudly. He stepped forward and relieved Gabriel of the baby.  He started to rock and coo the baby, muttering things like “shh” and “it’ll be okay” and “Dammit, Cas, what the hell” and finally, Cas stopped crying. Dean looked up, still rocking the baby.
“It-It’s Gabriel, Dean.” Sam said, his voice scared. “I don’t think there’s a doubt it’s Casmiria this time.” Dean was about to point out that they had seen the witch earlier today so of course it was her when Sam continued “And I think it’s safe to assume she’s after us.”
“I’ve missed you, too, Dean.” Dean pulled away and looked down at Castiel. He forgot that he was should be angry with the angel. It didn’t matter anymore. All he knew was that he wanted Cas.
“We are sorry to intrude on your grief, Mrs. Wilson. I promise we will be quick.” Amanda smiled wryly.
Dean knew that this plan was dangerous, especially without the arch-angelic help. Dean was ashamed to admit that they might have become extremely reliant on his powers. Especially when it came to the big fish.
“Uh, guys?” Castiel pulled away and looked towards Gabriel. “As sweet as this is, how about we get me changed back before Bael decides to make an appearance.” Castiel nodded and allowed Dean to help him up.
“Daddy, I need you.” he whispered as he started to move his hand up and down, jerking Dean off with light, careful motions. Dean decided that he couldn’t wait much longer, either.  He nodded and moved over Cas to reach into the bedside drawer and grab the small bottle of lube he kept there. He popped the lid and squirted some into his hand. As he rubbed the lube to warm it he kissed Cas’ flat stomach. He took one lube-slicked finger and started to rub it around Cas’ entrance causing Cas to gasp and try to push himself down onto Dean’s finger. Dean gently pushed his finger in up to the first knuckle and was rewarded with a mewling cry from Cas. Dean pushed his finger the rest of the way in and started to slide it in and out. He loved the build up to the sex because he could listen to all the pretty noises Cas made as he fingered him. They drove him crazy.
“So that’s why you kidnapped all those people.” He said, trying to keep her attention on him as Sam diligently worked at his bonds.
So that’s what he did. They changed clothes and fell into the bed, curling around each other so that they lost track of whose limbs were whose. Cas sighed and mumbled something that sounded suspiciously like ‘I love you’ before kissing Dean lightly and going to sleep. Dean was up for a while longer.
“She was sad and lonely! Her husband is obviously a deadbeat who would rather drink his life away than stay home with his wife! And then you come up being all nice and…well, she was definitely interested.” Dean made a noise of disgust.
Cas had wondered away to get them both a beer when a pretty brunette girl with green eyes dropped into Cas’ vacant seat.
“Fear not, hunter, I don’t wish to harm your angel anymore. I’m just enjoying the view.” She laughed lightly, her eyes running over Cas again. Dean bit the inside of his cheek in an attempt not to say anything. Finally, Casmiria turned her gaze towards Andrew. She addressed the man in a high, cold voice.
“You didn’t give me a chance to.” He replied, staring right back at Dean. A silence stretched on only to be broken by Gabriel.
Amanda noticed their silence. “You don’t really think it was a witch, do you?” she asked sarcastically. Dean and Cas both shook their heads.
So that’s where they were. Castiel was lying on one side of the bed in borrowed pajamas (Dean’s, of course) and Dean on the other. Gabriel was sitting on the couch with Sam’s legs thrown over him. (He had refused to move so Sam had just gone with it.) Dean resisted the urge to turn over and spoon his angel. He could hear Sam snoring,  and Gabriel was focused on the television. He didn’t know whether or not Cas was asleep but he figured he could get away with cuddling the angel in his sleep. He closed his eyes and rolled over, scooting slightly closer to Castiel. He scooted slowly over until he could comfortably get an arm over Cas. He sighed contentedly and snuggled into the warm body of his angel.
“I know you guys came out to watch me, but the powers that be are telling me it’s time to let the less important people out on the stage. So, before I get fired, I’m going to turn the stage over to the lovely Abaddon.” The woman that replaced Gabriel looked predatory as she walked out on the stage. The song was a heavy rock song Dean didn’t recognize, but he could see how well it suited her. With her fire-y red hair and dramatic make up, she gave off the entire ‘Dominatrix’ vibe. Not Dean’s thing, but maybe that was exactly what he was looking for. Something to make him forget. He was half-considering buying a lap dance from her later, but the look she gave him as she approached made him shiver in an all-too unpleasant way. She looked like she wanted to tear him apart, but Dean knew that wasn’t what he wanted. Like with Meg, he tucked a few bills into her thong anyway. There were still plenty of girls to see tonight.
“Kind of.” Andrew said. “I scattered the ashes, so that it would be even more difficult, but…yeah, essentially. They saw past my cloaking spell I put on them, too.”
Castiel had given Dean permission to touch them, and it hadn’t been until his fingers had come into contact with the ink that he realized there were upraised lines crisscrossing all over his back. Most of them lined up with the feathers, probably on purpose, and unless someone knew about them, they wouldn’t be able to tell until they touched. Most people probably assumed they were scars where Castiel’s body had reacted badly to the ink and didn’t ask.
Finally, Castiel worked his way to Dean’s lips. He smiled at the hunter before kissing him hungrily, showing Dean that the angel was just as desperate as he was. Castiel moved so that he was now straddling Dean. The hunter took advantage of the new position and quickly moved to finish taking Castiel’s shirt off. The angel chuckled slightly but allowed it, sitting up to give Dean more room. Dean removed the shirt and pulled the angel against him and he could
Moments when he could just lie there and watch Dean, with his full lips and his perfect jawline, without the hunter getting huffy. Where he was able to try and count the light dusting of freckles across Dean’s nose without him turning away and telling Cas to stop creeping. Where Castiel could marvel in the beauty of his hunter and wonder what it was that he did that was so right that he was able to win Dean’s affections.
“Do you want me to tie you up?” he asked, moving his hand deftly to his tie and pulling it off slowly. Dean swallowed, and then nodded.
Sam started to thrust harder, with more purpose as he neared his orgasm. He let go Gabriel’s legs and took his cock in his hand instead, stroking him in time with his thrusts. Gabriel grinded back against Sam, coaxing him deeper as he neared his own orgasm, his hands found their way to Sam’s back and he dug his nails in, pulling Sam closer with every thrust. Gabriel came a moment later, and Sam kept stroking him through his orgasm. Gabriel started to tighten up his muscles on purpose, working Sam closer and closer to the edge. With a garbled version of Gabriel’s name, the archangel felt Sam come inside of him and he rocked forward, helping Sam work through his orgasm. Sam pulled out a moment later at collapsed alongside Gabriel.
“You had better. Otherwise…” Casmiria stopped laughing suddenly. She looked at Dean and cocked her head.
The fucker had been expecting that. Dean was forced to watch as Jimmy made his way around the stage once again, and all the greedy men and women tucking money into his panties. It seemed like it was forever before Jimmy made his way back over to Dean, straddling him again. He kept his hands to himself, wishing that the stripper would grind against him again like he had been previously. But he didn’t. His hips were moving, but they weren’t anywhere close to where Dean wanted him to be. Jimmy’s lips were next to his ear, though.
"I know I won't see you for a few nights." Castiel explained, his hands making quick work of Dean's shirt. "I want to make sure I get what I can."
Gabriel wasn’t one for stiff odds. He preferred situations where he (and his team members) obviously had the advantage. This was not going to be one of those situations. They were going to be at the mercy of a very powerful witch with a grudge against everyone who was going to be there.
“Alright, give me one more round of applause for the lovely Meg!” The cheers were deafening, but Dean didn’t mind. He was starting to get into this now. Bela was hardly even on his mind. He didn’t even care about her. A spike of feedback made Dean look up, wondering what he’d missed during his revelation.
“Do you still want to play in the water?” he asked. Cas nodded, but then yawned and shook his head. Dean got a towel ready and lifted him out of the tub, pulling the plug and allowing the water to drain. The hunter wrapped the towel around the angel and took him from the bathroom. He dried the little angel off and then dressed him. Cas yawned again and cuddled into Dean’s chest, one fist curling over his jacket, the other thumb in his mouth. Dean kicked off his boots and lay on the bed with the baby still on his chest. Dean had only meant to lie down until Cas fell asleep, but before he knew it both him and his little angel were fast asleep.
“I don’t have to read your mind to know what you are thinking, Dean.” The angel said, turning Dean’s head so that the hunter was able to see the serious look on the angel’s face. Dean smiled and stretched his neck so he could place a gentle kiss on Cas’ cheek.
So he doesn’t. Instead, he leans over and kisses Dean, not caring that he was trying to distract him. Not caring that Dean knew that.
“Anytime, Sam-a-lam.” Gabriel let go of Sam and then gestured for him to lower his head. When he did, Gabe kissed him with a loud smacking sound, pulling away the same moment he did so. Sam chuckled but grabbed him, pulling him closer and kissing him much more soundly than he had. Gabriel stood up on his toes and kissed Sam back with equal passion. Suddenly, Gabriel pulled away a skipped backwards a step, laughing at the surprised expression on Sam’s face. He turned around and walked towards the bed, stopping when he was half-way there. He wiggled his ass and then smacked it.
“I’m not willing to risk our lives to save that sap.” Dean hissed in a very final way. He turned and walked away from them, signaling that the conversation was over. He heard Sam sigh and say something to Gabriel, but he didn’t quite catch it. He turned around to see that Cas had followed him, and was suddenly very, very close.
“It sounds like it could possibly be in the realm of our kind of thing.” he said indifferently. Sam rolled his eyes.
When Castiel woke up the next morning, the first thing he was aware of was Dean’s warmth curled up against his side. Dean’s breathing was slow and deep, his breath blowing gently onto Castiel’s neck. The angel smiled to himself and turned over, slipping an arm around Dean and pulling him in closer, tangling their legs together. Dean snuggled in closer to Castiel, mumbling but not waking up. Castiel smiled to himself. These were his favorite moments.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas smiled. Dean pats his shoulder and turns towards the others. Both of them had shit-eating grins on their faces. He rolled his eyes and mouthed ‘shut up’.
“Use your eyes, Dean-o. Fairview Hotel. Best hotel in Wisconsin.” Dean looked down, shuffling his feet in embarrassment. Sam chuckled and they all three walked across the street. When they stepped into the lobby, Sam ran off to check them in, leaving Dean and Cas alone with Gabriel. He was eating candy and not paying attention to anything until Sam came back.
Castiel could see dean shutting down, making him sigh.  He moved off of deans lap, pulling on his boxers and jeans with a soft sigh.  He looked at him with a stoic expression.  “Do you want me to walk home?”  He asked softly, putting a hand on the door handle while waiting for his response.  He’d walk home if he said he wanted him to, it didn’t matter to him.  Dean wasn’t going to open himself up to him, which meant he wasn’t going to try and get close to him, which meant he didn’t want a relationship.  Castiel expected that completely, so he wasn’t sure why he felt so sad about it.  But, dean said it himself.  They were just here to fuck, nothing else.
Castiel hummed softly and shrugged.  “Never said that, but I like the idea of bossing you around a little.”  He said softly.  “And I think you like it too.”  He raised an eyebrow and smirked, sliding a hand over his thigh.  “No, I wouldn’t say I am either.”  He said softly.  “But it’s still fun to tease you.”  He took a soft breath in before climbing into deans lap, straddling his hips and putting his hands on deans chest.  “Wouldn’t you agree?”  He cocked an eyebrow and grinded down against him slightly.
Castiel watched deans expression as he spoke, waiting for him to explain his life.  He listened to him talk about his life, seeing it was fairly normal.  His mother died, which he was remorseful about, but he didn’t stay on the topic, not wanting to upset dean.  He heard him finish and he frowned a little, sighing.  “Alright.”  He said softly.  “Just... will you tell me when you’re ready to?”  He asked softly.  He knew that wasn’t all.  He could tell, as someone who kept secrets from important people, he could see there was something dean wasn’t telling him.  “Don’t worry, I get it.  I keep secrets too,” He smiled slightly.  “So you don’t have to tell me.  But you also can’t tell me that there’s nothing else.”  He said softly.  “Trust me, I know how to keep secrets.”
Castiel sighed slightly.  “Eh.  I don’t care enough to try and scare people.”  He said softly.  He looked up and stared at the wall, quickly looking back at dean.  “You were checking me out?”  He raised an eyebrow, not believing his words.  Castiel suddenly paused and sighed a little.  “I shouldn’t be surprised, considering you followed me and sexually assaulted me in the school library.”  He smirked to himself.  He didn’t really care about how they first hooked up, but he did like to tease dean.  It was probably high up on his list of things he loved to do.
Dean was practically falling asleep as well, resting his head back against the side of the door. When Cas laid back against him, he snaked one arm around his torso, resting it there. She sighed contently, letting his eyes close as he relaxed, something he wasn’t often able to do. He felt content there with Cas. Life if he had to stay there like that in that moment for the rest of eternity, he’d be okay. He didn’t exactly know why. Maybe it was because he liked Cas, maybe it was because he just wasn’t home, or maybe it was because he was high and just had great sex so he wasn’t thinking straight. Whichever it was, Dean didn’t want to think about it long enough to find out. The little bit of think he had done, though, was enough to tire out his brain just enough to help him fall asleep easily
Dean listened, taking a moment to process what Cas had actually asked him. The offered sounded great, honestly. He could hangout with Cas in a huge house, fuck as much as they wanted, /and/ he wouldn’t have to worry about John. The only downside was that he wouldn’t be able to check on Sam. “So like a week long sleepover?” He hummed with a soft chuckle. “Sure, why not.” He said back. He felt okay with Cas, and being simply okay was better than he usually felt, so he wanted to stay feeling that way, even if it was only for a little while
Castiel could tell that something was going on with dean.  He could see that there was something else in him.  He sighed slightly and looked at him intently.  “I confessed everything about me, my parents, how they basically brainwashed me.”  He said softly.  “I also had sex with you three times, so I think I get to have your share of the life stories.”  He said softly.  He wasn’t going to give dean what he wanted until he told him about himself.  “Tell me about you.  The real you.  Not this confident, cocky, play boy who owns the high school and everyone in it.  Tell me about the one that likes to cuddle after sex.”  He smirked and and waited for him to respond, hoping he’d get something out of him.
Cas’s moans only made Dean want to go faster, so he did. He thrusted into Cas quickly and deeply, enjoying every sound he drew from the boy. He then angled his hips to try to his Cas’s prostate, knowing he’d get a big reaction from that
Castiel looked towards dean and noticed his eyes going over him.  He blushed slightly and swallowed, tensing his shoulders.  “Round one?  How many rounds are you planning on having tonight?”  He smirked, hoping to keep his confidence even though he desperately wanted to submit to dean.
Dean smirked, giving Cas a couple of seconds to adjust to the feeling before he started moving his hips. He was clearly taking his time more this time around, not being so rushed to just get it done. He soon found a steady pace, not being too fast but not slow, a pace that was able to work them both up enough before starting to get rougher
Castiel smiled when dean said he’d love to, nodding softly.  “Great.  Don’t worry about cash, I can pay.”  He said softly, standing up and beginning to clean the kitchen up a little bit.  “I just text my parents and tell them I need cash, and then my bank account fills up.”  He sighed.  “It’s great, but sometimes it can be a little frustrating or suspicious, since they don’t ask why it what I’m doing with it.”  He sighed.  He didn’t really have a right to complain, he got money whenever he wanted, which was great.  But it sucked a little to never be asked how he was or if he was okay.
Castiel nodded softly, eating another bite of his pizza.  He looked at him and sighed, shrugging a little.  “Um... I dunno, I’ve been craving cookies for a while.”  He must’ve seemed like such a dork.  He wanted to bake cookies?  Dean probably just wanted to do something kinky, which he’d be fine with, but he wanted to spend time with him.  At least a little bit…
Castiel stared at dean as he spoke to him, glaring deeply as he panted heavily, trying to catch his breath and not throw up.  He watched him leave and shut the door behind him, leaving him in a dark janitors closet.  He sighed and grabbed a clean rag, wiping off his face and mouth off before standing up and leaving the closet.  He shut the door and made his way to his locker, angry at himself, angry at dean, and angry at the whole world.
Dean looked back when Cas turned around, biting his lip gently. What was it about him? Why did he make him feel this way? He chuckled at what Cas said next, “you didn’t expect that? C’mon, I thought you were smarter than that.” He teased jokingly. He picked up a cookie from the tray and bit into it, immediately dropping it back down on the tray. “Oh shit that’s hot.” He said, taking a bunch of quick breaths in and out to try to cool the piece of the cookie that was still in his mouth
Castiel smiled and nodded.  “Sure.  Go grab it, don’t let anyone see you.  I’ll make some cookie dough.”  He smiled at him and stood up from the chair, walking to the pantry and fridge to get the ingredients for the cookies.  He really liked seeing dean with such a big smile on his face, it made him smile.  Besides, he’s never tried making weed cookies, so why not?
Castiel smiled to himself as dean pulled him closer on his own, closing his eyes and yawning deeply, slowly beginning to fall asleep.  He was finally calm and happy to be where he was, sleeping in deans arms.  He was sure he liked dean enough to want to be with him, but he still wasn’t completely sure.
Castiel laughed and snorted.  “Oh my god, that’s disgusting.”  He said to him.  “You’ve got a tentacle kink, then?”  He smirked.  He sighed and shook his head.  “No, I don’t think you’re a deep person.  Which is why it’s pretty easy to see that you’re still keeping something.”  He smiled at him and sighed a little.  “But that’s okay.”  He patted deans cheek and picked up another cookie, taking a bite.  He stood up and walked to the kitchen to get a drink, opening the fridge and grabbing a cup.
Dean groaned when he felt Castiel’s nails in his back, loving the sting of it. He was getting closer and closer by the second, his pace turning to a more erratic one as he watched Cas hit his climax, wanting to do the same. It didn’t take long, and soon he came inside of Cas, moaning deeply and rolling his hips lazily through his orgasm. He took a second to breath before he pulled out, sitting back against the seat
Dean couldn’t get enough of Cas. The feeling of being inside of him, the sounds he was making, and the way he touched him. It was something he wanted to remember forever. Each of Cas’s noises worked as motivation for Dean to keep going, his hips moving faster the more needy he became. He was getting close, and he needed his release, not wanting to take his time this time. He sped up his hips, feeling Cas clench around him as he came. He groaned quietly but kept moving his hips, thrusting faster and faster into him. It didn’t take long for Dean to reach his climax, burying himself deep inside of Cas as he came, groaning deeply. “Fuck..” he breathed, his hips as close as they could be to Cas’s.
Castiel finished up the rest of the day and eventually got to go home, leaving the school and walking back to his house.  He walked into the house, shutting the door and sitting his backpack onto the couch when he felt his phone buzz.  He pulled out his phone and frowned, sighing as he began to text him back.  Was baby blue his new nickname now or something?    He sent the text when he realized that his parents were still gone for the week, and it was only Tuesday.  He sighed and rubbed his face tiredly.  “Perfect.”  He grumbled to himself.  His parents trusted him to keep the house clean and follow his responsibilities, since he’d always done so before, but it looked like he wasn’t going to be their perfect innocent little angel anymore…
Dean had sort of zoned out after he responded, and he only snapped out of it when he heard Castiel speak up again. He looked at him, feeling bad when he processed what he said. “No.. no you don’t have to do that.” He said, sitting up a bit. He grabbed his clothes and put them back on before getting out and moving back into the drivers seat. He wanted to say something. Anything. He could feel his heart pounding in his chest in the silence. He felt bad. He wasn’t trying to be an asshole to Cas, he didn’t want to be, he had just been doing it for so long that he wasn’t sure if he knew how to stop now. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to tell Cas, he just didn’t know how to get. He still He the idea in his head that he would get called a baby or something along those lines for opening up, and he couldn’t get past it. But he also knew that acting this way would just push Cas away, and he already felt like Cas was giving up on him. Not that he didn’t deserve it, but he didn’t want that to happen. As weird as it maybe sound, Dean got attached to people way to easily. He’d already opened up to Cas more than he had with anyone else in a long time, believe it or not, so he didn’t want him to leave. He started driving back to Cas’s house, thinking the boy just wanted to leave and get away from him. Not that he blamed him, but he was disappointed in him self.
“H-how d-did I-I get here?” he asked the room. The three men in front of him exchanged looks but it was the one on the right that spoke.
“And a car seat. He shouldn’t need diapers or bottles or anything.” Sam said. Dean and Cas decided to go hunt down a shopping cart leaving Sam and Gabriel alone.
“Good morning, my name is Chris Anderson, and I came here today to ask you if you have accepted our lord and savior Jesus Christ.” the man said, holding out a pamphlet. He smiled at Dean and the hunter had to fight the urge to laugh. It was kind of funny, considering he had
“It’s not Sam I’m worried about.” Dean said. “I know Gabriel, and I know he’s gonna hide whatever shit he’s feeling behind a mask of bravado and sarcasm.” Cas’ lip pulled up into a faint half-smile.
“Go back to Gabe, Sammy. We can’t do anything just yet.” Dean said. Sam nodded, recognizing dismissal. He waved to the pair of them and shut the door with a snap. Dean sighed heavily and plopped his head back against Cas’ shoulder.
“I believe you are…‘rubbing off’ on me.” Castiel muttered, then he was kissing Dean and rendering any thoughts non-existent.
as Dean bottomed out. Dean pulled out and pushed in again, starting a fast pace that showed just how much he wanted and needed the angel. Dean slid his hand down and gripped Cas’ other leg and pulled it slightly. Cas got the idea wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck, allowing Dean to pick him up and wrap his legs around Dean’s waist. Dean held him close, kissing his chest, shoulders, and collarbones as he moved in and out in an increasingly frantic, uncoordinated pace. Cas could feel his orgasm building up slowly and reached one hand to jerk his own dick, knowing Dean couldn’t do it and hold him up at the same time.
was going to explode from the sexual tension.” Gabriel said, wrapping his arm around Sam, who smiled sheepishly at Dean as he put his arm around the archangel in return.
“They didn’t seem to think anything of it. Said it was most likely my subconscious looking for a reason Katie would be missing.” She looked down and sighed. “Hell, I thought it was my imagination.” She looked back up. “Do you really think that it may have something to do with Katie’s disappearance?” Dean cleared his throat.
“Let me put on some clothes. You go track down Cas and Gabe and then we can get this show on the road.” Dean nodded and went to the door. He pulled it open and then looked back at Sam.
“Have a seat.” She said, indicating five hard chairs that had obviously been brought in for this occasion. “Is anyone thirsty?” She asked, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“So…” he said, conversationally. “How did you rig the strollers?” he asked. Gabriel let out a giggle and shook his head.
Castiel hadn’t told him everything, of course, but he’d told him enough. Growing up in an extremely religious household, Christmas had not been about family for Cas. Christmas had been about God, and they had spent the day in worship, often without food, because God would have ‘wanted them to fast’. Fasting was all well and good for an adult, but forcing it on a child was borderline abuse, in Dean’s eyes.
“Tell me that you are worthy of my love, Dean. Tell me that you’re beautiful, and that you deserve this. Tell me.” Dean swallowed and stared up at Cas, not sure how to react. He wasn’t worthy of Cas’ love, and he definitely didn’t deserve him. He couldn’t say it if he didn’t mean it. He didn’t want to lie to Cas.
“Shut-up.” He growled turning around. The bathroom door opened the moment Dean turned and Cas walked out, still completely and utterly naked. Dean turned around again closing his eyes.
“Look, buddy…” Dean started but once again, Cas touched the guys forehead and he crumpled. Dean caught the man this time. He looked up at Cas, who shrugged.
“Nah, just he’s still sleeping and I was bored and I figured we hadn’t got to spend much time together lately, you know, and just talk. So…how are things?” Dean was still suspicious.
“You may as well have just sold your soul. Hell would be better than what she’s going to do to you when you fail.”
“Dean! Please, I’m ready.” Dean bit his lip. Shit, Castiel was so fucking hot. How was Dean going to refuse his boyfriend with him begging so prettily?
“Yeah, that’s right. This hunk of a man is all mine.” He said, squeezing him once. Sam blushed and looked down, avoiding the woman’s eyes. The elevator
“Oh, no, Dean, I’m going to make you come tonight.” Castiel said, smiling sweetly. He bent down and licked a strip up his lover’s cock, pausing to give careful attention to Dean’s head. Dean fought the urge to thrust into the sinful, teasing mouth. Castiel continued to push his fingers in and out of Dean while he was licking away the pre-come that was beading at the tip of Dean’s member. Dean was panting and moaning and finally he couldn’t take it anymore.
Dean knew it was pointless. Once Cas got into one of these moods he wouldn’t stop until he got what he wanted.
“Casmiria’s making hostage demands.” Dean said, moving towards the man. He brushed his arm down Cas’ shoulder just once, in thanks. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cas smile and knew that Cas had understood. Andrew’s easy smile hardens into a new expression.
“I’m so stressed out, Cas. By everything. What if we don’t find the little girl? What if Andrew is wrong and isn’t Casmiria? What if it is Casmiria and she has somehow gotten her powers back?” Cas let go of Dean’s hand and put his arm around Dean, petting his back. Dean buried his face in his hands.
Dean had finally convinced Castiel – his best friend and roommate - to come home with him this semester. After almost two years of leaving Cas behind in the dorm room during the holidays and feeling bad about it every time. Even if Castiel insisted that he was fine, that he didn’t care much for the holidays either way, and that he’d just be in the way if he came, Dean had finally managed to convince Castiel to come to his house this year. He was so excited to be able to show Castiel what Christmas with a real family was like.
“I love you, too.” Dean answered automatically, his eyes lighting up with happiness as he wrapped his arms around Castiel and kissed him enthusiastically.
“No? Don’t think that’s fair? Hmm…Let’s see…I could always have one of you take his place….” She mused, all but ignoring the three of them. “Or….no…that just seems cruel.” She continued talking to herself muttering different ways she could use them. Sam, Dean, and Gabriel all sat there quietly, stealing glances at one another. Until finally she yelled “Yes! That will work perfectly. Why didn’t I think of it sooner?” She stood up and strode out of the room, her long dress whipping around the corner. Dean glanced over at Sam and Gabriel.
“He’s still going to help us! I just don’t think that going out and getting drunk is going to help this situation much! We should act
"Fine, but you won't be complaining about my octopus tendencies in the morning. This house is drafty."
“I asked what you would think about…me being inside you.” he said, looking down, a blush evident on his cheeks. And Dean might have thought that was adorable only he was kind of stuck on Castiel’s words.
“You know…” he said, looking down. “Now that Casmiria’s out of the way, there’s nothing really for me to do anymore.” he gave Amanda a look. “I think I’m gonna hang around here for a while.” The smile she gave him was beautiful.
“Why haven’t you done it before now?” he questioned Andrew. “You say you can do it, but you haven’t yet. So why not?” he raised an eyebrow. Everyone in the room turned to look at Andrew, waiting. He swallowed nervously.
