But they just have to cope with that. As they cope with a million other things. It is what it is. And what it is a beautiful thing that Sherlock can barely comprehend with his brain. But he feels it fully and wholly with his heart.
“Because…”
It’s strange, that. Sherlock can’t recall any other person he’s met in his life that he’s had a desire to
Sherlock swallows. “I’m not thinking. I can’t think.” His voice sounds a bit too shrill.
Then there’s a stand mixer for Mrs. H (John hopes she doesn’t take it as a sly request for more baked goods – nothing could be further from his mind), a new anthology by one of her favourite authors for Molly (Sherlock had suggested they go with true crime, John had politely but firmly disagreed), two tickets for the upcoming football match for Greg to possibly share with him (John thinks this is a fantastic idea on his part, possibly his brightest this year) and, yeah, a gift card of 50 quid to a cultural event of her choice for Harriet, although John doubts she’ll get it used and only really got it because he had no idea what else to give, but still feels obliged to give her
John sighs.
“What?” Sherlock is looking at him now, all wide-eyed innocence, and it just makes it better.
Sherlock can feel his body tense and wills himself to look Moriarty straight in the eye. Yet he finds his gaze glued to the floor, his head kept well down in defeat. This is it. This is the request, the confrontation he’s been waiting for Jim to initiate right from the start. All their carefree walks and naughty schoolboy laughs, all of it has been a façade and a lead-up to this conversation. Sherlock has seen it coming for the past two weeks, avoiding it like the plague and trying to convince himself that Moriarty didn’t bring it up because he hadn’t seen it - the emotion, the weakness, the hypocrisy. Preposterous, ludicrous hope. Now they’re here and Sherlock can’t run away. He has to come clean. And he’s terrified.
And then John will read for him. A quaint little case of blood and murder and dismemberment that most other people would probably not be able to fall asleep to. He will read until Sherlock will shift and say “I’ll just turn around for a moment” in that same barely legible voice. And before John can count to three, he’s out cold.
eventually make his appearance, he will be far from pleased. He expressly told Sherlock to stay off the drugs and call in case of an emergency. Judging by his reaction to Sherlock’s first dose yesterday, the chances of John not going off on another angry rant are looking rather slim. Sherlock will have to think of something to say, an explanation or an apology. Preferably both.
So that’s what he does.
Sherlock looks back at John.
That last one, perhaps more than anything, is what haunts him. His desire to get rid of his own emotions and become what everyone has always thought him to be: the brain without a heart. That demon, more than anything else, is what he keeps incarcerated down here. Because somehow, almost instinctively, Sherlock has always known that it would be dangerous. Uncontrollable. A terrifying force let loose, a storm laying waste to all in its path. That’s how Sherlock has always thought of it. As a naturally devastating force, impossible to escape and only temporarily kept in check. Mycroft used to tell him stories when they were children, and Sherlock has identified this demon with a particular recurring character ever since. The East Wind, seeking out the unworthy and plucking them from the earth. And Sherlock has always imagined that, just as in Mycroft’s stories, the unworthy being waiting to be swept away is himself.
. The words slowly travel from Sherlock’s ears to his Wernicke’s area where it takes him an alarming two seconds to interpret them.
“It’s the beginning of the Spring/Summer term. He’s just arrived. As far as I could tell, it’s from Deutsche Bank.”
Sherlock cringes to an almost physical degree at the thought of himself during the wedding preparations: Cross-legged on the floor in front of the sofa at Baker Street, vigorously researching how to fold napkins with an interest and intensity worthy of a study on reagents or fingerprints. Christ, what had he allowed himself to become? Storing information on napkin-folding techniques away on the hard drive of his brain despite its limited amount of storeroom. Plastering blog articles on which shades of lilac go well with which shades of white on the well-oiled, optimised machine that is his brain in an effort to create as pleasing a backdrop of bridesmaids for Mary as possible. There was a time when the composition of the solar system was denied access. Now he knows how to fold a napkin into Sydney Opera House in under a minute. The facts truly do speak for themselves in this instance and the picture they paint is far from flattering.
“I did it because I wasn’t thinking. I wanted to do it and I did it without thinking it through. And it was…”
“Answer?”
“At most,” he reemphasises. “Provided that the police hadn’t messed up the crime scenes before I could get to them, of course.”
Maybe they should go home. It’s getting late and John hasn’t eaten all day. There seems to be no change in Sherlock’s condition and, even if there should be, they don’t have to stay and wait for it. The nurses will call them straight away if anything should happen. They’ll keep both their phones off mute all night and place them by the bedside, that’s a promise. They can’t sleep in these chairs, now can they?
But what he wants to say next is harder still. Because this isn’t just about him and Jim. It’s about John as well, about him and John and why he couldn’t help but accept Jim’s presence, why he couldn’t help but succumb to what he was offering.
It’s more of a feeling.
“Don’t.”
His fingers drag across the definitely not recently vacuumed living room rug. A slight tinkling as the fabric passes underneath his finger pads. An annoying interruption in the form of what’s most likely crumbs from a piece of toast he had for breakfast a couple of days ago. His eyes drag across the definitely not recently occupied second armchair.
“Sherlock?
. That's what it is. An emotional connection
The next thing he knows, the steady beeping of Sherlock’s heart monitor screeches into overdrive with a shrill cry of alarm, his heart rate accelerating wildly out of control. John throws one glance at the monitor before throwing himself across the room to contact the hospital staff. He’s still not as quick as they are, which, all things considered, might actually be a good sign. It takes less than half a minute for a nurse to come. She checks every monitor attached to him, she checks his IV stand, she measures his heart rate with a handheld heart rate monitor. She calls in a colleague, who repeats her procedures to the letter.
“So,” Mary opens, looking at him with that expression which is not truly unkind yet not fully amicable either. “It’s been a while. Our wedding just a couple of months away and my husband is practically a stranger.”
weak. He wallowed in emotion, in
dear life.
“I didn’t say it was your fault I overdosed. I’ve never said that.”
And if Sherlock never wakes again… well, then, what was it all for? Sitting here and waiting for the third day in a row. Sleeping in a hospital chair whenever he can’t keep his eyes open any longer. Letting his temper flare up in the face of doctors and nurses who're only doing their best to help because his nerves are in tatters. Alienating his worried wife, who’s doing everything in her power to support him as best she can. What was all that for if Sherlock isn’t going to wake up?
“I was not alone while I was… away,” he admits. “Jim Moriarty was there. I… needed to know if he was still there.”
than I do.”
John is smiling slightly while he talks, but his eyes are so sincere, filled with regret and perhaps a hint of discomfort. Embarrassment even. It seems he’s just as aware as Sherlock that they don’t do this. That this is something new, something unmentionable and forbidden unfolding. Something they’ve always hidden away, suppressed and vigorously denied.
“And the moral of the story?”
“You wanted to?”
be upset. It had taken John considerable willpower to say anything more.
“I don’t think that’s true,” Mary replies. The last vestiges of pretended warmth leave her voice with that. “I think you need time away from him. I think you wouldn’t be confused if you weren’t stuck with him up here for so many hours each day. I think you should come home, give it a week and see if you still feel the same way as you do right now. And I think if you want to save us, that’s what you’re going to do.” She softens a little when she sees his expression. “I’m sorry if that seems harsh to you, John. But we both want the same thing and I don’t think that your plan of action will lead us there.”
But Sherlock doesn’t do it. He just keeps looking, mile after mile after mile into those eyes, as always finding enigma upon enigma and yet not a single answer to any of them. It’s always filled him with a strange ambiguity, completely terrifying yet utterly attractive at the same time. Like a bomb seconds from exploding. He ought to run from it, but it draws him in instead, intriguing and fascinating and unknown and yet somehow, through it all, strangely familiar, familiar in a way that no other person has ever seemed to him. He knows nothing about this man, not really, and yet he knows him, knows the way he thinks and feels and acts in a way that he knows no one else on the planet. He looks in this man’s eyes and feels that intimacy and familiarity between them, and yet he also looks in those eyes and sees nothing but riddles. The most perilously stimulating case he’s ever worked on, the most dangerously desirable drug he’s ever tried. The deadly enigma that Sherlock just cannot leave be.
John hears the unspoken words and, for once, he hears them as plain as day. “Keeping the option open then, are you?” Just saying it makes something deep and dark and hurtful clench inside of him. Losing Sherlock the first time had felt like dying. It’s not something John is willing to relive ever again.
Sherlock smirks with more confidence than he’s felt in ages. “And we?”
“Hydrogen. Lithium. Beryllium. Chlorine. Potassium. Nickel.”
There’s precious little he can do at all apart from sit and wait and worry.
, and though he damns himself with that thought, his entire being hurts at the thought of denying it. He can’t hurt himself anymore by lying to himself. More importantly, he can’t hurt Sherlock anymore by lying to himself. But are those feelings stronger than his feelings for Mary and the promise he gave her when he married her? She’s his wife, his… his
And just as suddenly as it occurred, the spell seems to be broken. Mary gets up, casually disposing of their coffee cups in the nearest bin. John only had time for a couple of sips of his, but he finds that he doesn't mind.
John relents.
And going back with Mary now would have been a mistake. John feels it right down to the core of his being.
He leans closer as he speaks.
Sherlock’s somersaulting stomach drops, pulling his tongue down with it. He can only swallow and wait. It feels as though John is about to read his death sentence out to him.
Sherlock is a user, not an addict. That's the way it's always been. He's capable of controlling his urges in between visits and feels only the most fleeting of cravings while he waits.
Sherlock doesn’t look up. He’s said what he needed to say. He steels himself for the response.
Sherlock shrinks back in his chair, almost physically cowering away from John’s anger. Finally actually bloody listening to him, but John is too furious to feel gratified.
It would be so easy to end it. So easy to make himself feel calm and in control, to stop that damn shaking, to stop his eyes from darting back and forth on a never-ending loop between two empty armchairs. To quieten the thoughts in his head. The voices.
Sherlock shrugs slightly. He doesn’t appear nearly as affected by this as John, but his reluctance to discuss the closer circumstances is tangible. “I rushed through a procedure to break into their computer systems that usually took me about a week in less than two days. It wasn’t particularly well thought out, but it did actually work up to a point, so… Well, I got what I came for and sent the necessary information to Mycroft, but I hadn’t been able to secure my connection as well as I had the other times. They realised something was wrong. I ran, they pursued…” Sherlock shrugs again, seeming almost a little ashamed. “I got about one and a half miles outside the facility before they caught up with me.”
He should have known better than to go to Tesco at noon on a Saturday, of course, but it had been that or missing out on lunch altogether. And now that he was going anyway, he had figured he might as well get some proper shopping done so he wouldn’t have to return to the store for a couple of days. While Sherlock is still too tired to present much of a threat to his environment, John knows better than to get complacent. Sherlock has begun to show signs of boredom in the past few days and a bored Sherlock is a force to be reckoned with. Partly bedridden or not, recovering from a stay in hospital or not.
“Oh.” John nods, though he isn’t quite sure what he nods in response to. “Can I help you with that?”
ought to be.
Too many things lie unspoken between them. If he were to begin this conversation that they keep not having, would he be able to stop it again? So far, John hasn’t been able to bring himself to find out.
Then Sherlock pushes himself off the wall and captures John’s lips with his own.
“You know, the point is… it’d be so easy to blame him for such things. To think he was… I don’t know… to take it as evidence that there was something wrong with him. Deeply wrong with him, I mean. That’s what quite a lot of people think after all. But it’s not actually like that, you know.”
“So what do you think?”
. It takes an absurd amount of willpower to reconnect with his phantom leg and lift his foot from the puddle.
But none of those people were John. None of them were the object of his love and desire the way John is, the centre of his universe for years and the primary occupier of his thoughts. Not even Jim - brilliant, mysterious, sensual Jim - ever managed to catch and hold Sherlock’s interest the way John has. Jim was like a drug: endlessly stimulating, endlessly addictive, intoxicating because he knew it was dangerous. Jim boosted his self-esteem, made him feel invincible, but only for that short moment before the inevitable crash. John is like a band aid: ordinary and unexciting by comparison, chronically underestimated and underappreciated. Silently but persistently keeping him together, refusing to let him fall apart. Refusing to offer the initial high that Jim could, but all the stronger for it. Not offering him an escape from reality into a utopian but ultimately hollow facsimile.
So why not grant himself a moment of relief?
John isn’t entitled to Sherlock’s thoughts. Sherlock has a right to keep his thoughts to himself just as John has a right to keep his unspoken secrets firmly unspoken.
Now… Sherlock is bored, frustrated, lonely and depressed all at once, but only in between visits. When Moriarty is there, Sherlock can feel the weight of his own fragile psyche lifting, if only for a short while. Moriarty works on him like the perfect combination of cocaine and heroin, sharpening his mind instead of dulling his senses and numbing his loneliness instead of kicking it into overdrive. Being with Moriarty feels like shooting up with a fix of the most perfect drug Sherlock has ever encountered. Waiting for him carries the same anticipation as Sherlock feels on the way to a seedy mattress with his price in a small plastic bag and the lighter in his inner pocket.
“Anyway. Wasn’t that important.”
John glances at Sherlock. Sherlock nods encouragingly and looks back at him. He’s being unusually patient and understanding tonight. Perhaps it’s because it’s Christmas.
Mary scoffs. “As he will in a week. And a month.” She’s relentless.
The next couple of days pass in much the same way, Moriarty showing up whenever he damn well pleases, which to Sherlock’s great but very personal relief turns out to be quite often, either pulling Sherlock out the door and hauling him around inner London until they’re both giggly and breathless with mischief or simply pulling John’s chair over to whatever corner of the living room Sherlock is occupying and settling down beside him for hours on end, barely speaking but providing badly needed company all the same. They don’t talk of anything in particular, competing to carry out the most outrageous yet still somehow plausible deductions of strangers when out and about and simply throwing small quips back and forth when at Baker Street. They don’t talk of the past, they don’t talk of John or Mrs. Hudson, they don’t even talk of that final problem Moriarty had initially mentioned.
A moment of silence.
John can’t help but chuckle as well.
Sherlock suddenly feels as though he’s been dipped in ice water. His phone is showing him it’s still early morning when it must be noon. Mrs. Hudson hasn’t heard him shouting even though she must be here. The door is locked even though it isn’t. Reality is telling him one thing and yet he knows,
I was dead…” He pauses, glancing briefly at John’s face. Whatever he sees there at the mention of his own presumed death makes him swallow very visibly, but if it’s from guilt or just from discomfort is hard to say. His lower lip is sucked partway into his mouth and suppressed by his teeth. There’s a tense silence which John doesn’t attempt to fill before he releases his lip again and clears his throat. “Well, it just made everything easier. As I explained, Mycroft knew about the plan and he provided me with all the information he had. I moved from one cell to the next, gathering evidence that I sent back to London. Mycroft swept in afterwards to make arrests and clean everything up in such a way that the remaining cells wouldn’t get suspicious and the mission could proceed with minimal complications. But it was a vast undertaking. It took me two years to dismantle everything.”
John actually shouts. Sherlock jumps, quite visibly.
Mycroft pinches the bridge of his nose and draws a deep breath in through his mouth. Sherlock will not listen to him, that much is clear. Whatever words Moriarty has chosen to manipulate his little brother, he’s chosen them well. They’ve certainly had the desired effect. Sherlock seems adamant to go through with this: purging himself of emotion to heighten his intelligence, to become the era-defining genius that Moriarty is promising him he can be. And as much as the thought of the era-defining genius is tantalising to Mycroft as well, at least Mycroft has the cold rationality to understand that, on the off chance that it should actually be possible, it would be way too dangerous and way too uncontrollable. Sherlock’s emotions may desire to rid him of those same emotions the consequences be damned, Sherlock’s mind has the wherewithal to realise how impossibly risky and inadvisable it would be if it could even be done at all. A Sherlock of pure reason, his mind unleashed, turning all of his brainpower to deduction and self-distraction with no moral compass to guide him… the idea doesn’t bear thinking about.
“Wha-?”
“My point is, Sherlock, that you can’t go gallivanting off into your Mind Palace when you’ve just come out of a coma! For Christ’s sake, you’ve admitted this all started because you entered your Mind Palace when you weren’t in full control of it! You’ve admitted it felt as if you were trapped in there! Even you must be able to understand that going back while you’re still in this state is bloody stupid!”
John squares his shoulders and heads down the street for the front door. Almost right on the doorstep to number 221, a man in a hoodie walking in the opposite direction slams into his shoulder on his way past and John turns to look after him, huffing out an “excuse you”. Before he really understands what’s happening, another man steps up behind him and presses a syringe into his neck.
Sherlock presses the handle down and opens the door.
“You alright?” It’s the first thing any of them has said in several minutes and it brings Sherlock back to reality. He nods slightly and John smiles, flipping from predatory to reassuring in the blink of an eye. “Is this alright?” he specifies, and when Sherlock nods again, he leans down to kiss him. Softly, gently. It calms Sherlock all the way back down, preparing him for the returning heat when, a few moments later, the kiss grows more determined.
Sherlock is his best friend. His best friend whom he’s now kissed on multiple occasions. His best friend whom he… whom he
Every sense is working on overdrive. The smell of gasoline seems to burn its way through his nose. Distant laughter sounds almost like an approaching thunderstorm. Then there’s the sound of a match being struck quite nearby followed a second later by a bright flare directly to his left. John shouts then, truly shouts. Forces the air from his lungs and out of his throat. But it’s just too little too late and the sound he does manage to produce is completely overpowered by the roar of the flames. Within a matter of seconds, it’s uncomfortably hot, and though his sight is still blurry from whatever drugs are in his system, the glare of the fire approaching is unmissable. The roar of the flames drums in his ears.
“You always feel it, Sherlock.” His eyes are intense on Sherlock, not a trace of mockery left. “You always feel it. Pleasure. Pain. Love. Heartbreak. Gain. Loss. Life. Death. You can try to get rid of all those complicated little emotions from this moment until judgement day. You will never succeed. You always feel it, Sherlock. But you
But is it the
The next thing John knows, Sherlock is on the floor. John is by his side in an instant.
Maybe John says it out loud. Maybe it’s just reflected back and forth in his brain like an ear-splitting echo, loud enough for him to imagine that he’s hearing it said out loud.
No, the point is that nothing John had done would have hurt under normal circumstances and John hadn’t known that the circumstances are far from normal. A minor comfort, perhaps, but valuable none the less, because what Sherlock can’t stop picturing right now is not John tackling him to the ground in the restaurant nor the punch to his lip nor the powerful
“One word. That is all I need from you. One word, Sherlock. Say it, love.”
be too tired to be worried. It all just leaves him confused. Which should hardly come as a surprise by this point, but the shame of it still stings. He’s Sherlock Holmes. He’s never confused.
“I will…”
I want to thank you all for having read this fic and I hope you've enjoyed reading it as much as I've enjoyed writing it! I'm also exceedingly thankful for all the wonderful kudos and comments I've recieved on the way. They warm my heart. Hopefully, I'll be back in the near(ish) future with a new fic and I hope to see you all there!
They don’t talk about John. Nor Sherlock’s lingering feelings of loyalty and love towards him. It’s about the only thing they don’t talk about. It takes on an air of an almost taboo subject in Sherlock’s mind, an uncomfortable reality that he doesn’t feel like addressing and Jim doesn’t bring up either. They both seem to prefer silencing the issue into nonexistence, an effort which, at least on Sherlock’s part, is about as futile as posthumously solving the Ripper murders. John keeps lying between them, an unwelcome entity that remains completely unspoken and yet cloying in its intensity. Jim doesn’t mention him at all, not even as a passing reference, but he doesn’t seem to blame Sherlock either. He just largely ignores the subject of John’s existence, perhaps waiting for Sherlock to make the opening move or perhaps just not as affected by the problem as Sherlock. The blame and guilt is all on Sherlock’s part, his increasing mental focus forcing him to re-examine the past year in a critical light and cast accusatory glances at his treacherous, unforgivably illogical heart that has been leading him down this road ever since he came back from Serbia.
“Not tonight.”
promise John and John
of all things.
Sherlock has experimented in his youth same as mostly everyone else, but it was always stifling and uncomfortable and awkward, all clumsy kisses and bad pick-up lines and hands wandering towards his crotch far too quickly. Their breath was always bad, or at the very least bore clear traces of copious amounts of alcohol. They were always a bit too bawdy and intimate or they were sweaty and smelly or so mind-numbingly unintelligent that Sherlock thought he was losing brain cells just being near them. The physical aspect hadn’t appealed much either, not even with the few men he’d actually found physically attractive. Most people had simply left him feeling completely disinterested and unaroused, the more attractive had left him feeling self-conscious about his tall, slender appearance and stressed out about his lack of social skill. He’d once made up his mind to lose his virginity in the name of science just to ascertain whether there was some objective, transcendental experience during the act which could account for its near-universal appeal. He’d ended up backtracking at the last minute, which had earned him a sluggish shove and an ill-balanced attempt at a punch from his would-be guinea pig, who accused him of being a tease and of flirting under false pretences. After that, Sherlock had written the whole thing off as just another peculiar occupation of
feeling the loneliness he’d done the drugs to escape in the first place. Sprawled across at least a hundred couches, covered in newspapers and with his laptop open, desperately searching for a distraction from his feverish mind and unmanageable thoughts. Sitting in at least a hundred interrogation rooms, being looked at and addressed with less sympathy than the suspected culprit. Spending at least a hundred nights in Baker Street, fighting a losing battle to
John vaguely registers that his cheeks are hot and understands that he just might be blushing. But there’s only a few scattered brain cells to process it.
Moriarty chuckles again. His breath flutters across Sherlock’s ear.
Sherlock’s line of thought is rudely interrupted by Rosie’s exuberant exclamations. Thirty-first time.
And so Sherlock asks the question.
be understood. That he isn’t fully human or at least that he doesn’t operate on the same terms as the rest of us. Sometimes… sometimes I fall back on the explanations that other people make. That he’s different because there’s a problem with him somehow, because he used to be an addict or because he suffers from some kind of mental anomaly. Sometimes when he does or says something that is… well… not good… I mean, it’d be so easy to be angry with him. To ask how the hell he can justify his words or actions to himself, especially where the people concerned are people he actually seems to care about. I mean… I’d like to think that he actually does care about me, yet it didn’t really seem to be an issue for him when he deliberately drugged me and then locked me in a lab just so he could analyse the effects of the drug in a controlled environment, now did it?”
But he didn’t.
If only he knew.
Worst of all, though, is the silence within the flat itself. No matter how efficient Sherlock is at blocking out distracting noises, it’s never completely quiet in the flat. He can always hear Mrs. Hudson. Doing laundry. Vacuuming. Watching telly. He can even hear her cooking sometimes, especially when it’s not going according to plan and she’s complaining about it out loud. Even when she’s occasionally not making any noise, he can always feel her presence in the building. Now it’s gone. There are no noises. No footsteps, no voices, no tellies, no vacuum cleaners, no washing machines. It’s just… quiet. Sherlock knows that he would find empty room after empty room if he were to go downstairs. He can’t check. But he doesn’t need to check either. He can feel it.
Sherlock should fear him.
A heartbeat of hesitation, then…
A mild TRIGGER WARNING before we begin: Certain parts of this chapter are quite intense and might come across as a little stressful. I'm honestly not sure if it's all that bad, but here is your warning just in case. You should be okay, it really isn't all that much, but if you want to be 100% safe, feel free to either skip the last quarter of this chapter or even skip the chapter entirely. However, seeing as what happens now is essential for the plot moving forward, I've provided a handy dandy summary of what happens in the chapter notes at the end which you can consult if you feel you might be triggered. But as I said, it isn't that bad and you should be fine. I just wanted to give you all the option.
expression plastered on his face as last time they met. Clearly Mycroft has been keeping a close eye on Sherlock’s state all this time and didn’t need John telling him what has happened. It should be annoying as all hell, and Sherlock would no doubt find it unbearably nosy and presumptuous were he awake to witness it, but still John can’t help but feel strangely warmed by the gesture on Sherlock’s behalf, a rare glimpse of a brotherly love that both participants would undoubtedly deny with their dying breath if ever questioned directly about it.
John interrupts himself to chuckle softly, realising he’s beginning to sound too reverent and hurriedly attempting to guide his tone into a less formal vein.
When he does finally reply, it’s not the reply John was expecting.
When the Sun goes down and the streetlamps are turned on, they get up and walk to remain warm, strolling all the way down the south bank, crossing over Millennium Bridge and continuing up toward Mansion House. Moriarty suggests they break into the Bank of England, Sherlock hums in the affirmative and turns that hum straight into the opening of Bach’s Partita No. 1 and they both dissolve into giggles like naughty schoolboys and
It’s several days before John has another free afternoon. Mary has another appointment with a friend of hers that John doesn’t particularly care for and she seems agreeable enough when he airs the idea of going to Baker Street after work. “Are you going to solve a case then?” she asks in that familiar tone of voice that John can’t decide whether to interpret as admiration or sarcasm.
Also, I apologise in advance... Things are about to get grim.
And suddenly John knows. The book, the additional present, all of it.
“Sherlock? You want to help me out here?”
“A lot of things, I’d say. Too many.”
It takes Sherlock a long time to reach the lowest levels of his mind palace, even though the way there is etched into his memory. He takes his time, carefully analysing every whisper and sensation as they occur to him. Cataloguing his own emotional responses. The steady dripping from the ceilings is almost deafening down here. Postponing this moment has only given the leak time to spread, to seep into every crack and crevice and spread its tendrils out from the basement to the upper levels. It’s been more than half a year since Serbia and every day passed has only made it worse. In the end, he can’t run from this. He’s known all along that any attempt to do so would ultimately prove pointless, but he hasn’t had the strength to face the problem head on before. Or perhaps he hasn’t been desperate enough until now. One explanation seems as likely as the other.
“Do you need anything?”
That doesn't hinder just a smidge of traditionalism from sticking with John, though, a smidge of traditionalism that exalts at the prospect of a completely traditional family Christmas with decorations and presents and Christmas cookies and stuffing and carols and snow outside and Rosie in red and friends coming over to give them the compliments of the season.
“Have you seen a hexagonal?”
As much as he wants Jim, as much as he wants Jim to stay here with him, as much as he wants Jim to not leave him so horrendously alone, as much as he wants what Jim is offering and as much as everything that Jim has said about Sherlock and John and all of it is true… Sherlock can’t do this.
There’s an awkward pause before Sherlock takes pity on him.
More than anything, John is trying to convince himself that the thought of seeing Sherlock again isn’t making him feel as though a bag of fleas is loose in his gut. Those people who say that nervous anticipation feels like having butterflies in your stomach have obviously never experienced real nervous anticipation. They make it sound as though it is a wonderful, beautiful feeling when in reality it merely feels as though you’re on the brink of a panic attack and wilfully heading straight towards it at a hundred miles an hour. Despite being keenly aware of the embarrassment he’s currently subjecting himself to, John just can’t bring himself to enter. He still has a key, he could just step right in as if he still had a right to call this home, but he needs a moment to compose himself beforehand. Figure out what he’s going to say. Should he be angry? Accusatory? Or should he just say what he should have said yesterday? That he’s angry, that he’s furious, that he’s deeply hurt and that he demands answers before he will even consider forgiveness, but that he’s also just so fiercely glad that… that what? The part of John that is merely hurt and angry is easy enough for him to voice, but what about the not inconsiderable part of him that is simply so relieved, so grateful, so amazed that Sherlock even exists? How is he going to voice that part? In truth, that’s what he’s spent most of his day pondering when he hasn’t been assaulting his patients expecting to find Sherlock underneath a wig and a pair of glasses. John isn’t the sentimental type, never has been, and Sherlock isn’t exactly the type to appreciate it either. It isn’t like either of them to discuss any other feelings than annoyance and frustration with one another. For them to have this conversation… hell, they need to have this conversation, this John knows, but how they’re going to go about having it is an altogether more serious problem.
“Not now, John. I’m tired. Later,” is all he wants to say, but since John can see that Sherlock is legitimately tired and needs to rest, he lets him have his way.
Sherlock can’t breathe. He has an endless list of questions waiting, but he can’t bring himself to ask any of them, no matter how burning his need for answers is.
Sherlock tenses instantaneously.
“Yes, what about him, Sherlock?”
The ear-splitting headache is making him reckless, hours and hours of silent suffering is making him desperate. As the tune draws to an end, Sherlock keeps his eyes on the newlywed couple, determined to witness the customary kiss in all its glory. It’s worse than he expects. John shifts his hand further down Mary’s back, carefully dipping her backwards, and they both giggle as they share the most clichéd kiss in the book. The happy ending at the closing of a romantic movie.
“Did you really think it was a switch, Sherlock? Did you really think all your problems would go away by flipping a switch? And a switch that doesn’t even exist at that. Please, Sherlock. You always feel it. But you don’t have to fear it.”
“Did I what? Kiss you? Tell you what I wanted? You didn’t exactly invite me in, Sherlock. You… that first night, when we were out at that restaurant and I was trying to test the waters, you told me you were married to your work.”
Moriarty does his own deductions, some of them utterly brilliant and others so completely farfetched and ridiculous that Moriarty is laughing as he’s explaining his reasoning. Sherlock finds his laughter so contagious that he can’t help but smile even as he crushes the urge to laugh out loud.
Only he’s not. Because somehow, John is here. Sweet, patient John. Who doesn’t understand half of what Jim had understood, who can’t look into Sherlock’s head and can’t put himself in Sherlock’s shoes, who can’t fathom what it means to be cursed with having a properly functioning brain in a world of idiots, who sees it only as the great gift and can’t even begin to grasp how badly it has destroyed any chance of a normal life Sherlock might otherwise have had.
Because he didn’t want to see it.
Everything is ordered here, every item has its place. Beside the door, there’s a small table with a few case files underpinned by a pocket knife, a coffee mug decorated with the insignia of the Royal Army Medical Corps and a small card containing a phone number with the words
“No, no, no, shh, not like that.”
To no one’s great surprise, Sherlock’s complacent attitude melts away the moment the cab pulls up outside 221B and he realises who’s there. He isn’t even out of the cab yet before the complaining begins. Mycroft, too, is predictably less than helpful. Sitting on the stairs with his hands neatly folded on top of his umbrella as though they’re nothing more than a pair of errant schoolboys summoned to the headmaster’s office.
For one terrible moment, the only reply John can think of is
“Alright then,” he agrees. They both return their attention to the food and the telly, no more words to say. The silence rises between them again. The cloying-yet-comfortable, suffocating-yet-soothing silence of a thousand damning words remaining unspoken.
As Mary leaves and John feels bad, he repeats that like a mantra – he stays. He may have fucked things up, deeply and irrevocably, may continuously fuck an increasing amount of things up, but at least he’s staying this time. He’s staying to see this through, staying right here either until Sherlock wakes up or until every hope of Sherlock ever waking up is abandoned. He left once. He’s not making the same mistake twice. That he swears to himself, silently but solemnly, as he shifts in a vain attempt to make himself more comfortable and prepares to spend the night where he belongs: huddled up in a hospital chair by Sherlock’s bedside.
“In a way, it was because of you,” Sherlock ends up saying. The moment the words have left his mouth and he sees John’s reaction, however, he realises that that might have sounded a bit too much like an accusation. John looks like a veritable thundercloud all of a sudden, and Sherlock hurries to correct himself. But John comes first.
had made John feel.
“No.”
Sherlock almost audibly gasps as the contents start to spill out. Like the puncturing of a ship’s hull causing water to start seeping in.
Sherlock has no words. No words to say, no words to describe, no words to comprehend. But he needs to. He needs to say, to describe, to comprehend, badly, so he forces his tongue up against his teeth, forces the scant air remaining in his lungs to squeeze out of his too-narrow throat, forces his lips to form those words that he doesn’t have. The result is about as good as can be expected.
Thank you so much for reading and for your continued support!
Sherlock worries his lower lip. He’s thinking, turning that age-old conversation over in his head. Trying, no doubt, to listen to his own words through a pair of ears connected to a less intelligent brain. The stupid git.
Half an hour later, John is once again emerging from an overcrowded Waterstones onto an equally overcrowded street, holding up a bag in triumph (on second thought, he ought to have just put the new books with the ones he’s previously purchased – better for the environment, that).
The rest of the afternoon passes, although John isn’t really sure where the hours go, much less how he and Sherlock spend them. All he knows is that by the time hunger begins to present a distraction to their activities, they still haven’t moved from the couch and Sherlock is still in his lap with his long arms slung languidly around John. And despite the damning thoughts that manage to sneak past his filter to his conscious brain every once in a while, John’s left with the impression that he very well could spend every single afternoon in this not-properly-remembered, where-did-the-hours-disappear-off-to manner.
It’s Sherlock himself. All of him, all the time. In a way, it’s always been him. Even if John has never acted
“You don’t know what you could become yet!”
The silence sounds as though it’s ringing with words that can’t be unsaid.
Now all John needs is a warm cuppa and a good book while he sits back and allows his feet to return to their proper size. Christ, he’s tired. He checks his phone, no incoming calls or texts, but it’s four o’clock and dark outside, so surely Sherlock and Rosie must be right on the stairs. Perhaps he’s taken her to Hyde Park again. They somehow always manage to lose all sense of time when they're there. John would find it immensely endearing if he currently had the energy. Instead he just sinks further down in his chair and closes his eyes, listening for the familiar slam of the front door signalling Sherlock and Rosie’s return.
life. And still it’s the respectable that feels like a lie and those few forbidden moments that feel like him.
Sherlock is not stupid. He knows what he can do. It’s true that the idea of somehow enhancing the mental capabilities he’s already endowed with has always been a source of extreme fascination for him, but that does not mean he’s not already the smartest person in the room. Apart from Mycroft and Moriarty, there’s no one who even comes close to what he can do. If all he gained from this was to go from being one of the smartest to being
Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick, tick, tick, tick…
He should be worried. What if John is angry at him? He has every right to be, Sherlock supposes. It would only be fair after everything that Sherlock has caused him to be put through. But right now Sherlock simply can’t care about that. John is here with him, safe and free and in good health, and that’s all that really matters. Sherlock deserves so much more than a tongue lashing for what he’s subjected John to, wittingly or not, but that can wait until John himself brings it up. For now, Sherlock is just relieved beyond belief to see him.
John looks back at Sherlock. His lips are pressed together so tightly that they appear as no more than a thin line separating his nose from his chin. His jaw muscles flex uncomfortably. His eyes hold John’s intensely, as though daring him to retreat into the couch behind him. For a moment, John can’t tell if his eyes are still as benign as before. But no. There’s no threat, only intense discomfort. Sherlock would never threaten him.
," he emphasises.
“Hello Ice Man.” Jim Moriarty’s drawl is sickeningly sweet and innocently childish – too much so to be perceived as anything but sinister and foreboding. As per his usual modus operandi. The stifling atmosphere on a sunny day signalling an oncoming storm a good long while before there’s a cloud in the sky. “Care to join us for a cup of tea? We were just about to have some.” Moriarty’s smirk is annoyingly superior as he moves around Sherlock’s chair, deliberately letting his hand drag across the backrest behind Sherlock’s head. He settles on the armrest, one arm encircling Sherlock’s body. Like a raven sitting on his brother’s shoulder. Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind and the message could hardly be clearer: Moriarty is here with Sherlock’s good will. It’s Mycroft who’s the uninvited, and unwanted, visitor.
I'm so sorry for the unbearably long wait on this one. As a small recompense for how long overdue this is, please accept this extra-long update as a token of my gratitude for sticking with this story.
“Sherlock?”
John would be disappointed, yes, but does that really matter? John isn’t here right now. If he cared, he would be here. But he’s not. He’s with Mary. That’s the way it’s going to be from now on. Sherlock might as well get used to that and accept it. That time when John could make him feel the sun on both sides one minute only to douse him in ice water the next. That time when John could make him feel happier and sadder than he ever had before, could make him feel everything more intensely than he ever had before. That time when John causing emotions to swell inside of him had been a novel and intriguing adventure. Sherlock can never have that back. Now there’s only the occasional small ray of sunshine left amid buckets and buckets of ice water. He’s no longer on an emotional roller coaster ride, the cart has stopped right after a dip and he’s left with his heart in his throat and no hope of movement either backwards or forwards.
when John calls him the best
John’s presence. When Sherlock could be right
And to hell with it all – to hell with Mary, with John’s sexuality, with all the consequences of this moment that seem to be mounting in front of them. John isn’t going to let that stand. He isn’t going to hurt Sherlock again.
Jim smirks back. “What do you think?”
“And there he is.” When Mycroft speaks up, Sherlock loses focus and his eyes begin to drift again. John feels their loss of eye contact heavier than he ought to.
“Alright.”
The depth and persistence of these thoughts of his haven’t been entirely clear to him before. Not until he’s started paying attention to them has he noticed just how far this has gone.
Perhaps whatever god is there had heard John’s prayers.
“I’m sorry.” He means it, means it from deep down at his core. “I am. It wasn’t meant to be this way. It’s not fair and it’s my fault. You deserve better. You do. You always did. I’m just…”
. He was never a calculating machine, he was never a high-functioning sociopath, he was never incapable of human emotions. He was only shying away from all of it because... because there isn't room for someone like him in the world. There's no place for him amoung
sorry, I know I messed it up, I know it’s my fault and I’m just so sorry…”
It’s his most tried and true crutch to lean on when what he is really experiencing is something deeper, something that’s far more complex and uncontrollable. Turning it into anger and directing it outwards deals with the problem in the here and now. It’s not that John is unaware what such a coping mechanism says about his state of mind. On the contrary, he’s painfully aware that his way of dealing with problems is more than a bit not good. He’ll be the first to admit that it’s…
They don’t do this. They never talk about things in this way. And now John knows why.
Mary smiles. A deep, tender smile full of warmth that John doesn’t fully feel as though he deserves at present, but he clutches at it like a drowning man.
“No, no, no, I prefer to think of it as the beginning of a new chapter.”
John is up from his chair the second after, pulling Sherlock to him and kissing him deeply. Sherlock responds eagerly, passionately, wrapping his arms around John as well and tilting his head just so to deepen the kiss even further.
His tone is… normal. Relaxed. Conversational.
Well... better make that two elephants with the way the creaking in his head, already enough to cause a near constant headache, has increased to a persistent thrum on par with any migraine Sherlock has experienced before. When looking for parallels, withdrawal comes to mind.
Sherlock swallows, but he suddenly looks slightly upset. “While inviting you to join my work,“ he says, sounding almost as though he thinks
Sherlock nods, looking strangely forlorn.
, that he keeps meaning to say and yet never manages to get out. He spent two whole years regretting that he didn’t have the balls to speak his mind when he had the chance and convincing himself that there was no point in telling anyone about it because it would all be too late anyway. Now Sherlock is back. He gave John the one thing he spent two years wishing for, another chance to say what he really wants to say, and still John keeps postponing it. Aren’t people supposed to learn something from their mistakes?
It’s sympathy rather than derision colouring his voice and it just makes everything worse. Sherlock is so pathetic that even Moriarty refrains from poking fun at him.
The illusion of the illusion is broken when John’s phone vibrates in his pocket. It’s exactly seven o’clock. Just as the last one was at exactly three o’clock. Jesus Christ on a bike, she’s taken to texting him at set times now.
“Why are you out of breath?”
“What?”
“I know that silence. What?”
Mary is silent. He thinks he can almost hear the gears turning in her head. Ponders what she could need to think over when he’s already given her the same reply at least five days in a row by now and then ponders what an absurd mental image it is to picture her head full of gears. His mind isn’t quite itself today.
Sherlock shrugs, a little sheepishly perhaps, but without a hint of regret.
“Yes.”
“I mean, you’ve even worn the antlers on a couple of occasions.”
”Go on.”
He nudges Sherlock off his lap with a gentleness that’s only partly for Sherlock’s benefit. It serves just as much as a disguise for his own reluctance.
There’s no reply. Sherlock waits a little, listening keenly for any sound of movement on the stairs. When it becomes apparent that none is forthcoming, he tries again.
Sherlock is hesitant with his answer. He obviously knows where John is coming from and what question he means to ask next. Still, his answer hits John even harder than he had predicted.
He frowns, certain that he's misheard and yet certain that he hasn't.
And yes, Sherlock will be outraged at the amount of food he’ll be forced to consume and complain about all the energy his body will need to spend on digesting it when that energy could be spent so much better on his brain. He’ll sigh very audibly every time a carol can be heard over the telly or the radio or just from the street outside, just so that John can’t
Slowly, almost meticulously, Sherlock retrieves the key from the bottom of a nearby bowl. It’s one of those horrendous vintages with decoration painted on. This one depicts a house set in its own grounds, partly obscured by lush vegetation. In the foreground, two children and a dog are playing among the trees. Ugly thing, really. He definitely ought to replace that.
“I didn’t say that.”
“You have no idea.”
Or as real as anything else, at least.
Sherlock looks almost apologetic. As though he feels guilty about having witnessed John’s very private moment of grief. Well… maybe that’s sort of gratifying in the face of John’s utter mortification. That Sherlock has seen him, seen him talk to Sherlock's tombstone, seen him in the grip of his most intimate, most safe-guarded emotions, a moment no one was supposed to know about but John himself and Sherlock has known about it all this time...
“I’ve tried. I keep… I keep telling myself that it has to stop, all of it. But I can’t make it. I keep going over it. I keep thinking about it. I keep feeling about it. I’m not like you.”
Then he lets his eyes fall shut and leans in closer to John’s chest.
need.”
In that moment, John almost feels able to put the one question to Sherlock that he’s burning to have the answer to. But he can’t. He isn’t ready yet and perhaps it isn’t the best time either, with his wife less than four minutes out of the door.
But in the end, Sherlock decides to make a clean breast of it. This isn’t the time for delicacies and half-told truths.
But John isn’t anyone. Not anymore. If he ever was, that man is dead. Perhaps it happened the first time Sherlock kissed him, the first time he felt Sherlock’s enthusiasm equal his own. Perhaps it happened before that, in a darkened hospital room to the sound of a maddeningly steady beeping from the heartrate monitors. Perhaps it happened as he stood in front of a gravestone covering an empty grave under a pine and felt that the world was ending. Perhaps it happened the moment he first looked into Sherlock’s electrifying eyes and felt a shiver of excitement and longing run down his spine. Or perhaps it happened before Sherlock altogether, when he returned from Afghanistan and realised that he had never felt more alive, that he wished himself back in the line of fire so fiercely he hurt with guilt when he thought of some of the friends who weren’t lucky enough to make it back as he had.
Mary is definitely a better help than any of the therapists he went to see after Sherlock. She’s quite sensitive to his moods, quite good at deciphering exactly when he needs her to ask, when he needs her to break off his line of thought before it starts spiralling downwards and when he needs her to just let whatever he’s doing or however he’s looking pass without comment. Maybe it’s the nurse in her. Maybe it’s just the way she is. John hopes it’s the latter. He wants to be her partner, after all, not her patient. He doesn’t want her pity, doesn’t even want her care and concern. He just wants a new start.
Mary chuckles. “I always agree with John’s assessment,” she says and gives John a challenging once-over that he can’t help but laugh at.
way. And Christmas is one such family thing he wants to do
As Mary returns from the kitchen, fresh pot of tea in hand, she stops to place a kiss on the top of John’s head and Sherlock turns away again, returning his attention to the screen. Sherlock always looks away when John and Mary are kissing, at least as far as John can tell. It might be that Sherlock has convinced himself that watching people kiss is in opposition to his logical principles, as though just observing other people being intimate could somehow be a source of emotional contamination. It might just be something that John is imagining.
“Sherlock!”
. Good as in healed. Good as in just knowing that Sherlock is still here, in the world, had set off a happiness in his chest so fierce that it almost hurt as badly as it had hurt that day at Bart’s. Good as in no matter how badly Sherlock might have hurt John, no matter how badly John needs answers to all his questions, just being in Sherlock’s presence had been enough to fill in those gaps in John’s self that emerged after Sherlock’s so-called death and make him feel like a whole being once again. And the truly infuriating part of it all had been the realisation that John had been right,
During his time away from London, though, Sherlock has been forced to pass an awful lot of time waiting and hiding. He’s spent that time exploring deeper into his mind palace and it looks as though his mind palace has changed as a result. It’s not just a map of references anymore. Sherlock
How could he not have known about this? How could Sherlock possibly have managed to keep it hidden from him all this time? They’re old, that much John can tell, but he knows for a fact that they can’t be older than The Fall because John saw Sherlock’s back at least twice before that and remembers it as a vast, even expanse of pale skin that had provoked vastly different thoughts and feelings in him than the ones he’s currently experiencing.
“No, hold on. Hold on, I…”
Sherlock looks, if possible, even more lost. “Then why didn’t you…?”
Chapter 17. This is, again, a bit of a transitory chapter. As I've mentioned before, chapter 15 more or less marked the end of the first part of this story, so please bear with me for a couple of slower chapters as we move into the second part.
But he's not really honest. Not about anything.
John sighs deeply and sags against a streetlamp. What do ordinary people give their partners for Christmas anyway? Well, all of the above: books, clothes, food, museum visits, romantic holiday getaways.
John stops dead in his tracks.
John frowns.
Sometimes he thinks it would be easier if he truly was a high-functioning sociopath. It would be cleaner, simpler, less of a mess. He could be unpleasant for a reason, a perfectly normal albeit not altogether common reason, one that everyone could understand. He could be unpleasant, and he wouldn’t care what people thought. Sociopathy is not as simple as that, Sherlock knows that, but he doesn’t want to stop telling himself otherwise. He can’t seem to get rid of the thought that if he truly was a sociopath, somehow the way he is would make sense and it would be alright because there would be a reason for him to be the way that he is. Somehow… somehow it’s frightening beyond belief to think that there’s no reason. That this is simply the way he is. Not because there’s something detectably different about him, something that has a definition, something he could read up on so he would know what to do about it, how to live his life with it. What’s different about him is truly different about him. Which means there’s no one who really understands and no place to go for guidance. He’s saddled with whatever the hell is wrong with him, and he has to figure out how to live his life entirely on his own.
John barks out a laugh. He’s too tense to manage more than that at the moment, but he does appreciate Sherlock’s attempt to sound just a little more like himself.
It’s hesitant and a little bit clumsy, both of them way out of their comfort zones. At first, John is so concerned for Sherlock’s safety that he can barely register how he himself is feeling. He’s a doctor, so he’s taken every precaution, proceeding slowly and with the utmost of care. But
Thank you all so much for reading and for keeping up with this story! If you wish, please feel free to give kudos or leave a review. It greatly motivates and inspires me and totally makes my day!
The pause is barely audible, almost resembling a drawn out intake of breath. Then… “I’m not a child anymore, Mycroft.”
Thank you so much for reading and please stay safe, everyone!
Beneath the surface, however, John is fairly certain that he’s not the only one who notices that things aren’t as they seem. Everything is strange. It’s
: Adult-only content of a sexual nature. It's not very explicit and it's completely safe, sane and consensual, but it is adult content. Please heed this warning and don't read if you're underage!
His eye is caught by a flash of pale skin to his lower right, just on the edge of his peripheral vision. His brain hardly has time to register what he’s looking at before he has already crossed the room and knelt by Sherlock’s side, lifting his body from the floor. A needle falls out of his dressing gown sleeve when John turns him over. His eyes are closed.
“Look! Look, look, look!”
His hands are clasped so tightly around the chains that he has long since lost feeling in his fingers, the metal digging into the sensitive flesh of his palms. Distracting him. Grounding him. His senses are awry. He can’t see much, there’s blood in his eyes and he’s crouched forward anyway, eyes towards the ground. The only things he can taste are his own blood and saliva, neither of which is a taste he would like to dedicate any amount of consideration to. He really doesn’t want to smell more than what is unavoidable, the aroma in here is sickening. Blood, sweat, damp and mould in lovely combination. He could probably detect other scents as well if he tried, but what he is forced to smell on accident is enough to make him gag as it is. His sense of touch is completely off the table. He blocks out as much as possible by maintaining his grip on the chain. Stupid. A sentimental response that he objectively knows is more or less futile. Better than nothing though.
When Mycroft seeks out his gaze, he finds himself returning his smile.
But shouting will get him nowhere. Sherlock is a stubborn prick at the best of times. If John demands to be let in on Sherlock’s secrets, he can be sure to be met with a wall of silent resistance. Sherlock’s hand can’t be forced on personal matters, that much John has learned. He can’t pry him open, no matter how much he might wish to do so. He’ll have to let Sherlock take the lead here or this is doomed to fail as so many other conversations they’ve left unfinished.
That’s all he says.
It comforts him in a way, the knowledge that his filing system has escaped these two years mostly unscathed. Even if nothing else works, at least Sherlock’s brain is still filing away information in the same way as it always has. And if something is too painful, he can just store it away very far back in his mind. Put it behind locked doors and throw away the key. It’s how he survives. It’s how he has always survived and it’s how he will survive this, too.
Sherlock is in freefall. He pictures himself standing on the edge of the precipice and looking down, down, down, hundreds of feet into a dark chasm of swirling water and seething foam, dangling there for a moment, struggling for balance, only to go over the edge, scrambling desperately for something to cling on to, tearing his hands bloody on the rocks… and finally simply flying for that permanent destination at the bottom. It feels inevitable.
Sherlock throws caution to the wind, lets out his breath in a chuckle and nods.
Sherlock has always had a penchant for the case. He’ll read and watch anything he can find on the Ripper murders, provided that the information is accurate and presented with as little fanfare as possible. He seems to know enough about the historical facts to be able to smell any hint of dramatization a mile away, which does beg the question (at least to John's mind) why he would even care about one more book or documentary going over the same minute details he already knows more about than the authors and experts. Repetition usually isn’t his cup of tea, to put it mildly. But it seems he’s willing to make an exception when it comes to this particular case and John is more than happy to oblige him.
“I never thought it didn’t matter. I knew you weren’t… unaffected.” The quiver has spread from his lip to his entire jaw. “I was there. I attended my own funeral, from a distance.”
And that’s not even beginning to cover the range of questions, some of them more accusing than others, that John is left with. Despite what Sherlock might think, the least pressing is how he actually did it. The most pressing… that’s more difficult to answer. There are many candidates. Just answering one of them would have been a good start, but Sherlock had been as characteristically unobservant as ever when it comes to actual people other than himself and apparently couldn’t be bothered to come up with anything better than
John has barely given any of it a thought since all of this started, his attention remaining firmly on Sherlock and his fluctuating chances of recovery, but now that he recalls the exact circumstances that led Sherlock to be in this state to begin with, it’s difficult for him to refrain from feeling a certain degree of hopeless anger and frustration.
just like old times, it
Some days, John will ask if Sherlock would like to hear him read until he falls asleep. Other days, John just tells him to sleep well and gets up to give him some peace and quiet. Those days, he feels Sherlock’s hand sneak around his wrist or hesitantly take hold of his sleeve, keeping him close as he asks John to read for him in an already sleep-riddled voice, hugging the duvet closely to him and all but whispering the words out through the cloth. Sometimes, John gets up to leave on purpose just to feel that hand and hear that voice.
It takes a few poorly coordinated and not altogether graceful manoeuvrings before Sherlock is finally laid completely bare. John hesitates for a fraction of a moment, seeming to take in the sight before him. Then he meets Sherlock’s gaze, eyes blazing with heat and intensity. A strangely calm feeling that seems wholly misplaced in this moment spreads through Sherlock’s stomach. Perhaps a part of him had feared that John might still pull back, retreat when faced with Sherlock’s decidedly male physique. John has always been so defensive about his sexuality. Perhaps a part of Sherlock had worried that he wouldn’t be able to go through with it after all. Perhaps a part of Sherlock had worried that John might have been right about himself all along, that when push came to shove, he wouldn’t be physically attracted to Sherlock at all. Perhaps a part of Sherlock had worried…
It’s a bucket of ice water when the truth dawns on him.
Sherlock shakes his head, slowly.
Maybe it’s time to invite Mary over. Call her and talk to her and show her… show her what? What kind of reassurance can he truthfully offer her at this point? Can he show her it’s still just the two of them when it isn’t as simple as that anymore, if it ever was? Can he show her she’s still his wife? But then again, she might still be his wife, but she’s no longer the only one on his mind, is she?
John almost fools himself into thinking that things could work this way. That he and Sherlock could be this intimate in an innocent, friendly fashion and that it would be enough, allowing John to maintain his self-respect and his relationship with Mary.
, but at least a tiny bit more excusable. John had had girlfriends. But they had been in the plural, with each particular girlfriend rarely lasting beyond a couple of months. It hadn’t been right of him, it hadn’t been fair to them and it hadn’t exactly been fair to Sherlock either, but at least it was better than this. Because Mary isn’t a girlfriend. She’s John’s wife. He married her. He loves her. And now here he is, a couple of months after the fact, and he can’t keep his eyes to himself and his thoughts on his wife in the presence of a friend who's only recently come home from the hospital.
. And I’ve never found it hard not to care about people I don’t know, on the contrary. When I work, I don’t feel for anyone involved. I just think. But it’s not because I know how to suppress it, it just… it just happens! And it’s not the same as being unable to feel anything. If it had been your murder or Molly’s or Lestrade’s…”
Then, miraculously, it slows. One beat… two beats… three beats… Slower and slower until the monitor stops sounding the alarm and his heart rate stabilises within the normal range.
When Sherlock acts this way with John, John sighs exasperatedly, runs a hand over his eyes and goes out in the kitchen to make some risotto or takes his laptop with him upstairs or, if he’s in a particularly bad mood, puts his coat on and heads out on the street, in short, excuses himself from Sherlock’s presence and leaves Sherlock to be petulant alone.
What to do? This is evidently proving to be a far more complex problem than he initially judged it to be. He’d thought that most of the damage inflicted on his mind palace over the last couple of years had gotten under control again. Well... hypothesis unsustainable.
, being oneself is the right thing to do. Thinking too much about what other people think, bending to accommodate their stupid, uninformed opinions is a sign of weakness.
Maybe he should just get it done. The only way forward is forward. Don’t overthink it, just say what you mean to say. The things you wanted to say, but didn’t say. The things you wanted to say, but never got the chance to say. The things you wanted to say that were for Sherlock’s ears alone and couldn’t be said to anyone else. Say them now.
"You could pretend. For a while. Pretend to be normal. Put on an act, play by their rules. Make friends, as your parents wanted you to. As you wanted to. John. Victor. They wanted to play. But they only wanted to play with the Sherlock they preferred, didn’t they? Smart-but-not-too-smart, fun-but-not-degrading, open-but-not-sincere. They wanted to play, but only as long as it was just a game. They wanted to see you, but they only wanted to see the things they wanted to be there. Who you really are,
There’s no regret or apology on Sherlock’s face. Nothing but cold reason.
Had his brain been working properly, John might have spent his few remaining seconds reminiscing on things unsaid. As it is, all his brain can manage to come up with is a panicked
“Stop.”
Sherlock feels his face contract with emotion, betraying the sting. Jim pounces on it without remorse.
long for is the person he has become in John’s presence, the version of himself that has slowly evolved during the years spent under John’s watchful eye. John has stripped Sherlock’s defences away layer by layer. John has laid him bare like a specimen under the microscope, dissected him to expose everything Sherlock has spent a lifetime locking away. Not through force of will. Through accepting Sherlock exactly the way he was, praising him whenever he did something John approved of, not judging him whenever he did something John didn’t approve of and making sure Sherlock knew which behaviours and thought processes belonged in which category. Making it clear as day when certain aspects of Sherlock’s personality were frowned upon and letting Sherlock’s desire to please him do the rest. And then there were the moderations to Sherlock’s character that were probably completely subconscious on John’s part. Treating Sherlock in a way that made him feel that a relation to another human being could actually be rewarding, making him desire that relation and open himself to a whole world of moral and social considerations that he’d always attempted to shut out. Making him love. Making him long for John so much that he was willing to let his emotions in, to let them make decisions for him and guide his behaviour, even knowing that he would have to sacrifice his logical mind to make room for them. Making him
“There’s my sweet girl! Did you have a good day?”
John has kept his gaze down during this speech, unable to look Sherlock in the eyes. He’s afraid what Sherlock may read there. But now he looks up. And just in time to see Sherlock move forward and gingerly place his lips on John’s.
“So what happens now?”
“I can’t… I can’t, Jim, I…” Sherlock looks at him hopelessly. He wills his eyes to convey his regret, shame and guilt instead of betraying the reasons for his decision.
There are moments of intense adrenaline. Half an hour ago, after a day of unconsciousness with not the slightest hint of change, Sherlock’s heart had gone into overdrive, pumping furiously in his chest and sending his heart monitor into a screeching alarm that immediately called three nurses and a doctor and sent John’s own heart rate skyrocketing simultaneously. It quietened down within a minute and returned to its normal, steady rhythm, but it was enough to scare John senseless. The adrenaline rush that accompanied that narrow escape had not been the least bit pleasant.
“He used it when he paid for his Caffè Misto.”
“Sherlock, what you are attempting to accomplish cannot be done. And even if it could, are you really stupid enough to try?”
Now John is gone. And everything he gave to Sherlock has gone with it.
A chuckle. “Of course you can. Don’t be stupid. You need to stop
. He'd told John that once. And even then it had been a façade, an attempt to push John away from him in order to keep him safe, but it had been true in some ways. It just isn’t true anymore. He’s a different person now.
John sighs softly. “Listen, Sherlock, she’s worried about you. And we’ve been holed up here practically alone for ages.” More like a week and a half, and John certainly wasn’t planning on complaining about it anytime soon, but plans change.
“Sherlock…” John gets out only to have Sherlock’s gaze snap to meet his. His eyes hold on to John’s, keeping him still.
John sighs, deeply, and shakes his head. “I don’t know how I feel about that. I don’t know how I feel about… about there being some kind of other me that you’re… I don’t know, do you… do you talk to me? In your head? Put all kinds of words in my mouth that you make me say that I can’t… that I didn’t choose and I didn’t know about it and it’s not really me saying it, but then it sort of is…?”
It’s not that John has some stupid, unrealistic expectation that everything will be unconditionally perfect and happy and easy from now on. God knows there are very few things in his and Sherlock’s lives that have ever been unconditionally perfect or happy, easy much less. There are things about Sherlock that John doesn’t like and he has no doubt that Sherlock feels the same way about him. There are things about Sherlock that John fears in a way, things he doesn’t understand and probably never fully will. From the information that Sherlock has been willing to share about what happened to him while he was unconscious, John has caught enough of a glimpse into Sherlock’s inner workings to understand that there are things in Sherlock that he will have to spend the rest of his life fighting to control. Just as John will have to carry his own guilt, his own failures and shortcomings, Sherlock will have to carry these other things that John isn’t even sure he understands the nature of. These are things about the both of them that John knows will cause problems for them in the future no matter how content they both feel at this moment.
John’s first instinct is to pull Sherlock to him, hug him against his chest and try to soothe whatever hurt it is he’s finally letting John glimpse. But somehow Sherlock seems almost too fragile for that, as though he might break if John so much as places a hand on his shoulder.
But they can and will be hidden away, for now. John has other things to think about at the moment. Placing these considerations on top of everything else happening to and with Sherlock right now would be a step too far, a burden too many.
. His anger unfortunately evaporates as soon as he no longer feels his fragile emotional state being put on display, leaving him with an all too familiar loneliness. It seems to be the trademark of his existence the past many months.
The sad truth of it is, though, that Sherlock doesn’t have it in him to feel the least bit frustrated. Not where Rosie is concerned. Had it been any other two-year-old being escorted around in Hyde Park in her pushchair by a doting parent a couple of days before Christmas, exclaiming loudly about the snow without being able to pronounce her words the right way or string a sentence together in grammatically correct fashion, Sherlock would likely be more than a little annoyed. Quite possibly, he would be of the impression that the doting parent was fooling themselves into thinking that just
Then he enters his bedroom and closes the door behind him. John hears the door mechanism as it shuts. He’s left back on the couch.
Two minutes later, Mary closes the door to a deserted hospital room and turns to face him with an understanding smile that feels every bit as genuine as the smiles of the doctors feel forced. Both of her hands are on his cheeks, caressing his face gently as she whispers soothing little nothings to him as one would to a child.
Loneliness, even.
“I have. We’ve kissed. More than once. We haven’t… talked. And it wasn’t… it wasn’t Sherlock’s idea. I don’t know how it happened,” he adds truthfully. “It was just… it seemed… inevitable.”
John presses his lips together and clears his throat. He can’t really decide whether to be more amused at Sherlock’s obvious shyness or more embarrassed by the admission of… well, first that he’s been contemplating kissing another guy for three whole years, second that he’s been contemplating kissing another guy for three whole years while vehemently opposing any insinuations about insufficient heterosexuality and third that he’s been contemplating kissing another guy for three whole years while cycling through a long list of soon-to-be ex-girlfriends instead of just fucking getting around to doing what he actually wanted to do all along.
Once again, John needs to remind himself that it’s only to be expected. Still… Sherlock’s sudden blackout almost scares him more now than it did the first time around. The first time, he was almost too dazed with relief to pay attention to anything else. Now that he’s more composed, Sherlock’s immediate shift from awareness to complete unconsciousness is frankly terrifying to witness. John used to be an army doctor. It’s second nature for him to interpret a quick transition like that as a clear danger signal.
Mary sees it, thankfully. And she leaves, offering half-hearted reassurances that
. John's almost at a stage now where he can avoid feeling annoyed by it and simply accept it for what it is.
There’s a painful moment of silence before Sherlock continues.
Sherlock’s smile lasts until the moment John closes the door behind him. Dying away as his body tenses. Sherlock waits. Thankfully, though, Mrs. Hudson has a creaking staircase in need of a loving hand (not unlike the tenant that lives at the end of it). Sherlock can hear John all the way down the seventeen steps and out to the front door. The short break as John reaches the landing in the middle. The particularly bad creak as he reaches the fourth step from the bottom. The squeak of the hinges as he opens the front door. Sherlock waits. And there it is, the distinctive slam. John has left. Now he’s locked in here alone.
that never received an answer in the time before the Fall. All the jealousy and insecurity. The roller-coaster ride of keeping up with Sherlock’s mood swings while they lived together. The journey of trying to figure out what kind of person he really was deep inside after they’d just met, sorting through a seemingly endless tangle of information and trying to breach his defenses. Running into Mike outside Bart’s that day. Coming back to England. Surviving that bullet. Entering the army and accepting that mission in Afghanistan.
. It’s the first eligible thought that passes through his mind, a brief and instinctive moment of utter panic before Sherlock manages to calm himself. He did not leave the door open. He deliberately opened it wide after carefully thinking the possible consequences through. Now he’s back, out, and nothing seems to have changed. The world hasn’t ended, everything is back to normal.
There is no signal on his phone either, which is odd to say the least. Since when has it been difficult to get a signal right in the middle of London? Sherlock briefly searches for one, but nothing comes up.
“Oh, I don’t know. There should always be a spectre at the feast.”
“Well, I’d better let you get back to it. You have a big speech or something, don’t you?”
“So come on, Sherlock. This is what you’ve always wanted. End your suffering.”
Sherlock loves him still. Whether he’s real or imagined, a phantasm brought about entirely by Sherlock’s own loneliness and desperation or a fragment of a real person who somehow managed to imprint himself onto Sherlock’s hard drive like a virus, it doesn’t even really matter. He was
And it’s
John feels his frown lines deepening. This is new. Mary doesn’t sound upset, exactly. Just flat, simple, stating the obvious.
, so he’s still painfully aware of everything that could potentially, under the worst of circumstances, go wrong. It’s only when Sherlock stretches his muscles and relaxes on the bed, loose-limbed and purring contentedly like an over-sized cat, that John is able to let go a little and
“Well, that’s married life for you. So many things to do. You know, I had friend, maybe I’ve already told you, we were going to be best friends forever, but after my wedding, I hardly…”
it, he has certainly always acted
“Did he ever care, even before he found someone else he’d rather have than you?”
and he’s feeling as though John is talking down to him because of it… or whether it’s actually an embarrassed silence because John suggested… oh, screw it, he suggested that Sherlock might have fantasies involving John.
A hint of a smile pulls at the left corner of Jim’s lips.
“Exactly.”
He opens his mouth to speak, but then closes it again, presses his lips together and narrows his eyes. John raises an eyebrow inquisitively and yet he doesn’t speak. Then he turns and heads for the bedroom, the non-conversation apparently over before it even began. By the time John catches up with him, he’s already thrown himself on the bed and snuggled up deep beneath the duvet, his mop of dark curls the only visible evidence of his presence.
In the end, it’s just easier to let it go.
“Right.” John heads in the direction of her voice to find Mary by the dining table, laptop in front of her and a cup of tea within easy reach. “Busy day?” she asks when he enters, keeping her eyes on the screen. John continues to the bureau, puts down his bag and keys and tries to make it look casual. “What makes you think so?”
“John. Can we just… leave it?”
Her voice is soft and she’s still smiling encouragingly. Her eyes look out of place on her face. John can’t ever recall Mary looking this…
Not until Sherlock is ready.
“… Talk to John.”
The days pass. They spend them in much the same manner as the previous week, heading this way and that at random, mapping inner London by foot, making deductions, laughing at the general incompetence and basically just having a good time at the expense of innocent passers-by. It ought to get monotonous, but it doesn’t.
Jim gives him a squeeze, beaming at him cheerfully. A stark contrast to the rest of his surroundings.
Ten minutes later, John discovers why Mycroft didn’t answer his phone.
John doesn’t seem to mind, though, his own smile deepening in response as he leans in even further over Sherlock’s prone form.
John fights to rein his temper back in. After a few seconds, he manages to unlock his jaw and gentle his expression, at least enough for Sherlock to continue.
He’d suggested they get a present for Mycroft, but Sherlock had been adamant that they don’t and had told John in no uncertain terms that he could not be moved on the issue.
, just slightly out of John’s reach and take it away whenever John reaches out to claim it. He’ll smile and laugh and charm until John feels just about ready to come right out and tell Sherlock
Maybe this phone call isn’t such a good idea after all. Sherlock’s reactions are even more astute than initially predicted.
The best way forward is forward, isn’t it? John gathers his courage as much as he feels he needs to and turns towards her. “I had some shopping to do. For tonight.” Not the most discreet of hints. Maybe it’s saying too much, but John honestly wouldn’t care if she guesses what he’s bought. They’ve discussed marriage before and now feels like a good time to make it official. If she suspects it beforehand, it might save him from having to come up with an opening line, which can only end in embarrassment.
Not good enough. Even he can hear how forced his voice sounds. And if he can hear it, so can Mycroft.
John raises an eyebrow. “Conventional means?”
! He’s not awake and John doesn’t have the words to describe how that feels. How it feels to sit here beside the unconscious body of his best friend, not knowing when he’ll wake up, not knowing
He raises the phone to his ear again, resigning himself to whatever snide remark Mycroft has chosen for his coup de grâce. But what he hears is not at all the comment he expects.
“Funny you should mention them, seeing as you don’t seem to use them all that much,” Sherlock retorts, a playful glimmer in his eyes and smirk that John has missed almost too fiercely for words. He looks so much better when he smiles. So much healthier than he has for the last couple of months. Not quite as fatigued either, though the dark circles under his eyes are just a little bit too obvious under the bright lights in the kitchen. “Careful now,” John warns, feigning indignation, and Sherlock’s smirk widens.
“Stop.”
John smirks.
Almost a full minute passes in unbearable, tense silence before Sherlock speaks. When he does, it’s only two words, but each one is pronounced with deadly precision.
So... Here we are at last. It took a long, long time to get here and I'm so grateful to everyone who's still following this story and who's been so patient up until this point. I've certainly been looking forward to it myself. We're not at the end yet, there are still quite a few chapters to go, but now at least it's... happening.
Sherlock can’t bring himself to look as Moriarty steps back and heads down the street.
But John has already made up his mind to stay. He’ll stay until Sherlock wakes up, no matter how long that might take. He wants to be the first person to know when it happens.
he could ever have asked for.
Mycroft locks eyes with his brother, deducing on him with the cold objectivity that is his particular trademark. He’s not given to outbursts of brotherly compassion.
He has no idea what to say, because he has no idea what to do.
“You’re exceptional. They never saw that. All they wanted was fun, comfort, safety. What normal people want. But you’re not normal. You’ve never been normal. And yet they wanted to force you to be. All your life. John. Mrs. Hudson. Lestrade. Mycroft. Mummy and daddy. All the people you care about and none of them ever cared for who you really are. They could have appreciated who you are, but they’ve always been too busy trying to change you. Force a socially acceptable moral code on you. You know what I’m talking about. ‘Smile. Don’t speak your deductions out loud. Don’t retaliate when they mock and hurt you. Just turn the other cheek. And when you solve your crimes, do it for the sake of others. God forbid you should save people because you’re bored and need something to occupy you, to exercise your brain. One must only save people for the right reasons. The goal never justifies the means.’”
John sighs softly. He finally agrees to look her directly in the eye when he replies.
And there Sherlock lies.
“You’re not coming up?”
Sherlock nods slightly. Swallows again. Hesitates.
for it.
“Around three years, I’d say.”
John runs a hand through his hair, partly to get his thoughts in order and partly just to buy time. He still has no idea what to say. He has no words. “Sherlock… I’m not sure…”
that it damn near breaks John’s heart.
John laughs. Actually laughs, in the uncontrolled, slightly ugly manner only Sherlock can induce. Just the image of some kind of mental version of himself promising Sherlock to do his laundry for a month, just the idea that Sherlock would actually come up with such a scenario… That is, without doubt, not only the maddest, but the most
They’re both laughing now, but it only lasts as long as their thoughts remain on the situation, the incident, before they recall the case as a whole. Remembering the case is sobering. It had been the last one, really, before everything ended. A kidnapping of two children from a private boarding school, orchestrated by Moriarty and done in such a way as to leave only the scantest of evidence. The sort of evidence Moriarty knew that Sherlock alone would be able to pick up on and utilise. All of it just to plant that single seed of doubt in Sherlock’s integrity in the minds of the police, that single seed that would grow into a formal arrest and a kidnapping charge within 24 hours. That had been the end of the good times.
He can’t be here.
“No, I did!” John replies angrily, although his gaze has drifted from pure anger at Sherlock to the anger John usually experiences when he’s frustrated about something and doesn’t know how to explain himself.
, for Christ’s sake. They had a deal. And John might have been a bit later than he originally intended (a thought that immediately causes renewed waves of guilt to course through him which he resolutely pushes to the side for later re-examination), but
Then his eye takes in the rest of the scene. John is sitting on a chair, his wrists secured to either armrest and his legs restrained in similar fashion. He’s kept his head down since they entered, but he looks up when they stop in front of him, revealing a long strip of tape pulling on either side of his mouth, no doubt shoved rather unceremoniously on top of some kind of cloth to prevent him from speaking. He looks calm enough, though his nostrils flare up with every breath, whether from anger or fear. The bravery of the soldier.
. Just give him a push in the direction he wants to go.
“Exactly.”
John can feel himself squint slightly in suspicion. He doesn’t fully understand where Mary is going with all of this and that makes him anxious. He sincerely regrets bringing the subject up to begin with. But how could he have known she’d dig into him like this? And seeing as she’s asking… well, he owes it to her to be honest, doesn’t he?
John sighs softly.
So here we are. After a relatively short chapter last time followed by a long wait, here I am back with a chapter nearly twice as long as usual. You could say this is the climax of act one.
John pours himself the last few drops of punch. It’s thin, watered down and low in alcohol, but it’s better than nothing.
“And when exactly did you see that?”
How many times hasn’t he heard Sherlock deflect an attempted insult by proclaiming himself a high-functioning sociopath? John, of course, has always known that it wasn’t true. But what if Sherlock had wanted it to be true? What if every time he had said that, he had wished it could be true? And what about John himself? The times he has accused Sherlock of being unfeeling, of only caring about the case without giving a thought to the victims… the time he called Sherlock a machine. What if Sherlock listened to that and perceived it not as a series of erroneous accusations said in anger and intended only to elicit a response… but as a series of painful reminders of what he tried to be but couldn’t quite achieve? What if he wanted to care only about the cases? What if he wanted to exclude the victims entirely from his mind? What if he wanted to be a calculating machine? What if John has inadvertently rubbed Sherlock’s perceived shortcomings in his face, time and time again?
His pulse is hammering away, he can feel it thundering in his lips. Where is John? When is he going to come?
It’s… well, to put it bluntly, it’s shit.
Other demons are his responses to those feelings. His hatred of his own emotional weakness and his fear of succumbing to it. His dread that his feelings are gnawing away at his intelligence, obscuring his logic and destroying his mental faculties. His despair at the knowledge that Mycroft was always right, that emotions are a weakness and that Sherlock will forever and always remain weak and stupid as long as he’s allowing himself to feel...
Then that moment is over. Reality comes crashing down on him and with it returns the damn noise. John looks away, likely equally aware that they’ve just had another one of their electric moments of eye contact and now, as always, feeling awkward about it.
Sherlock feels him shift slightly and then his eyes are on him. He holds his breath without meaning to, keeping his own eyes strictly on the screen in front of them. He’s waiting for John to say something, quite possibly to push him away or at least ask him to resume his previous position.
that he’s kissing back. John has a fierce hatred of his possessive streak, it’s ugly and demanding in all the wrong ways, but right now he has no will left to fight it and he allows himself to triumph in the idea that this might be Sherlock’s first.
“How can you be alive…? I saw you die. How can you be here?”
And just like that, when John returns his eyes to Sherlock, Sherlock is offline again, his eyes closed and his breathing evening out into a slow, deep pace, unmistakably signalling the onset of sleep.
Sherlock hesitates a moment with his answer. He looks… conflicted, for lack of a better word. Then a very quiet mumble.
It’s only been a couple of seconds.
Mary remains. She exchanges a few pleasantries and reassurances with Mrs. Hudson, but falls silent as John and her are left to watch over Sherlock on their own. Perhaps she’s waiting for John to speak up. Perhaps she’s imagining that he’s been holding back all day, waiting for this window of privacy.
“This is about him, isn’t it?”
Jim sounds genuinely exasperated, but it isn’t difficult for the world’s only consulting detective to detect an edge of humour interlaced in his tone.
Hello! It's been a while, but here I am, back with a new chapter! I'm so sorry the wait has been this long, but exams and summer holidays and birthdays and general lethargy can take its toll. But to make up for it (and also to at least partly account for why this chapter is so long overdue), chapter 24 is extraordinarily long - more than twice my usual chapter length. It just didn't feel right to cut this entire scene into two chapters, so here is a belated but superlong chapter 24! I hope you enjoy and, as always, comments and kudos are much appreciated! I love to hear from you guys, even though I'm usually shite at replying!!
Mary glares at him then, glares at him with such utter contempt it takes John completely aback.
John takes a deep breath. “Look, I find it difficult. I find it difficult, this sort of stuff. You know that. But I just want you to know that I get it. What you’re doing.” Sherlock suddenly looks slightly terrified, like a little child caught with his hand halfway down the sweets jar. John scrambles to explain (and briefly wonder what exactly Sherlock has done that he knows John will not approve of when he finds out).
! Stop it! Not him, not here, not now!
“John? Are you alright?” John looks up from Sherlock’s tombstone to focus on Mary. Pretends not to notice his own reluctance. That’s another good thing about Mary. She grounds him. Gives him something else to think about. Makes him focus on the here and now rather than the past. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine.” Smiles fondly at him rather than giving him the by now all too familiar you-are-being-so-strong-I’m-so-proud-of-you look that made him quit his last three therapists.
Sherlock stores that conundrum away for later analysis and reaches out for his phone.
7437. Enter.
John isn’t here now.
After briefly assessing the situation, he ends up more or less lifting Sherlock from the floor, helping him balance and supporting him as best he can. Sherlock leans heavily against him all the way to his bedroom, where John helps him to lay down and tucks the duvet in around him.
Which turns out to be a big mistake. Sherlock’s hand feels cold in his, unnatural, the muscles loose without a hint of intention. It feels… it feels
And now that he’s back…
John doesn’t mean for it to come out like that, but he struggles to keep the bitterness out of his tone. If that’s how it happened… Christ! What Sherlock is saying doesn’t just sound bloody stupid and pointless. It sounds dangerous as all hell, so obviously dangerous that John finds it exceedingly difficult to not blame Sherlock for it just a little bit. Taking enough drugs to kill himself, then going into own personal memory condo. Is that how he got himself into a prolonged not-coma? Getting lost in his own head because he was off his tits on drugs when he entered? John can feel his jaw muscles clenching hard enough for his teeth to hurt.
When Mycroft does eventually enter Sherlock’s hospital room, he surprises John by remaining completely silent. The man who, if possible, is more incensed than Sherlock that he be given the last word doesn’t make a sound. Perhaps it’s because he senses John’s emotional fragility. Perhaps he has nothing to say. He just places himself in the only available chair, which is on the opposite side of Sherlock’s sickbed from where John is sitting. He leans forward ever so slightly, resting against the handle of his umbrella and looking for all the world as though he’s sitting in his office on any Saturday afternoon, reading a paper and sipping a cup of tea. Not one emotion is evident on his face. It should infuriate John, but it doesn’t really. Just like everything else, it feels as though it’s happening somewhere far away.
Sherlock feels himself go soft and wobbly around the edges.
John feels Mrs. Hudson shift as she turns to give Mycroft a scandalized look. He can feel himself mirroring her sentiment. Mycroft’s tone is conversationally sarcastic, a preferred combination of his. He doesn’t have the decency to look even the slightest bit flustered as they both turn on him.
Baker Street looks even better suited as the backdrop to a suicide attempt than usual with the rain pouring down ceaselessly from a grey sky. A Mondeo, plate number LR34UJH, drives past, trying its best to avoid a large puddle on the street, but only meeting with limited success. Mycroft raises an eyebrow from beneath his umbrella. How Sherlock can stand to live in this infernal noise, surrounded by all these idiotic people, is utterly beyond him. Just those harrowing twenty-five minutes in the Tube was more than enough social interaction as far as Mycroft is concerned.
Sherlock has taken such a long time to answer that John is taken completely by surprise.
The shellshock is so intense that John is momentarily stunned.
His other habits slowly return too. Sherlock’s mother has left a tin of homemade biscuits that John has to share with Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson two days later before they get too dry because Sherlock doesn’t eat any himself. He begins to make deductions about his doctors and nurses, sharing them with John as best he can with his limited verbal abilities and smiling as much as he’s able to whenever he manages to make John laugh.
John chuckles and shakes his head good-humouredly, Sherlock smiles back just a little hesitantly and then resumes his explanations.
And why? Because John wanted to get home to Mary rather than spend the night at Baker Street.
“You never asked. And frankly you never really seemed to care. Remember? You didn’t care about
No raised voice and no pauses. Just stating the obvious. John is so completely taken aback by this sudden diatribe that he doesn’t know what to say. So he doesn’t say anything.
Even then, she’s here for John. Even though she is, John can’t bring himself to be there for her. He’s barely able to keep himself from falling apart. Keeping someone else together, even if it’s Mrs. Hudson… that’s a bridge too far at the moment. It’s as though he’s back on the pavement outside Bart’s, blindly leaning against whatever stranger is offering him their support. He isn’t capable of offering any support in return. Everything feels just as chaotic, just as surreal, just as horrendously
his home, that this
Moriarty raises an eyebrow of his own, gazing at Mycroft disapprovingly.
Not to mention everything that lead them to this point. All his concern and anger at Sherlock for disappearing after the wedding only to turn up high as a kite a month later in a rundown warehouse at the arse end of the universe. The messed up nature of the wedding, from the seating preparations to the day itself, and the accompanying confusion of feeling both so incredibly happy to finally be getting everything he’d ever wanted and so irrepressibly frustrated that
Carefully, Sherlock slides down from the edge of the sink. He pulls his dressing gown around himself, once more concealing his back from view, and fastens it with the tie in the front. He’s halfway past him before John realises that Sherlock is on his way to his own bedroom, attempting to shut the door on this whole discussion.
. John made it so that he couldn’t help but want it anyway. And when he wanted it, he couldn’t help but pursue it, and when he pursued it, everything that he had predicted came true.
Sherlock swallows.
“Today. It’s today, isn’t it? No, Sherlock, I will not be coming to the
From: John. Time: 3:21 PM.
A short silence. Sherlock doesn’t try to defend himself again.
Here we (finally) are with chapter 25. Nearing the end, folks...
“What do you want?” Always the big brother… Well then. No way around it.
In the end, John is damned if he does, damned if he doesn’t. There’s no true explanation he can safely give and there’s no false explanation he can possibly justify to himself to use.
!” Sherlock shouts the last word, for the first time letting John glimpse the bottom of his despair. John feels dangerously short on air.
“Right.” There’s a very noticeable sigh of relief from John’s side as Sherlock offers him a way out of a potentially embarrassing situation.
The physical discomfort had mattered very little. Sherlock has endured far worse during the last month and he’s on hefty painkillers at the moment. Had he been in a fit state, nothing John did tonight would have caused more than a slight annoyance. Here he thinks especially of the bloody nose, that might have been a nuisance whether it hurt or not. But John hadn’t known that anything was amiss.
Sherlock shakes his head, but even that gesture carries none of his usual confidence. “I had… company.” He looks down. “You’ll think I’m mad.” A scoff and another shake of the head. “Perhaps I am. But it would have worked, I know it would. If I’d been able to go through with it, it would have worked.” A hint of the familiar self-assurance slips back into Sherlock’s voice.
“They’re from Serbia.”
Hiding in at least a hundred back alleys, high as a kite on whatever he’d been able to get his hands on that night and yet unbelievably
Sherlock scoffs again, now moving somewhere between amused and exasperated. “Forgive me for not paying attention to the specific bank of a debit card being used twenty metres away. I shall never cease my penance walk.”
Sherlock considers. There’s a lot to consider, every thought is jostling for space. “It doesn’t matter now, no. It can’t be undone. I would change it if I could, but… perhaps it wouldn’t have changed much at all. Everyone has a weak spot. Moriarty had found mine. I would have had to leave no matter what and I didn’t know if I was going to make it back. Why make it even harder than it already was? Knowing that I did come back, perhaps it would have been the better option. But at the time, I simply thought… I thought it would do more harm to tell you than to keep my mouth shut. Yes, I would never get to say it… but you might have rejected me and then I would have had to live with that while I was away. I don’t think I could have made it back if I hadn’t had any hope that there was something for me to return to. And in the meantime, you would have had to live with my last words being an ill-timed declaration. I calculated… I
But it’s difficult. It’s always been difficult with Sherlock. Difficult because he’s a man, but also difficult because he’s… well, he’s Sherlock. There are no guarantees and there never have been. John doesn’t even fully understand where Sherlock stands in relation to what has been said and done between them in the last days. Trying to figure out Sherlock’s feelings has always been like trying to build on quicksand. Certainty has a tendency to give way to confusion and anything concrete slips through one’s fingers.
Sherlock can still hear Jim’s voice in his head.
, he’d said. That’s true, isn’t it?
Sherlock relaxes visibly, breathing a very audible sigh of relief that Mycroft can't possibly miss.
it rather than
Two hours, one unauthorised drugs bust, one sprain, one very tense car ride and one urine sample later, John finds himself glaring down a not-nearly-sorry-enough consulting detective just tested positive for cocaine. He can’t tell if it’s his anger, his disappointment or his worry that’s foremost in his mind and, frankly, he isn’t sure he can bring himself to care right now. Sherlock has been relapsing in secret without as much as a phone call to any of the people who care about him. Himself, Molly, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, even Mycroft. All of whom would gladly have thrown whatever else they were doing to the wind at a moment’s notice in order to help him.
“Well then, learn how to observe
As if that wasn’t concerning enough, a small note has recently been hung up above the table in the main hallway. He’s looking at it now. It’s written in his own hand.
“Because… look, even if he wouldn’t do the same for me, I know it’s not because he doesn’t care. It’s because he doesn’t think like that. He doesn’t know or care to know what the generally accepted way of showing something is. He wouldn’t spend three days sleeping on a plastic chair in a hospital just to watch over me if I was unconscious. He would spend three days researching and assessing every little scrap of information he could find about what may induce a prolonged state of unconsciousness to better understand what was happening to me while my other friends and family would sit with me in hospital and exchange head shakes about his unforgivable lack of compassion.”
John feels himself swallow.
Is it anger? Betrayal? Hatred?
Moriarty doesn’t leave. It should be a cause of concern, but Sherlock finds it to be a painfully sharp relief. Any form of company is preferable to being alone.
“Sherlock,
A heartbeat. Then…
”There, there, now…”
? Why try to hide it? Everyone can tell anyway and no one seems to care.
. But it’s not what
, as though that would make everything alright at once, as though Mary’s initial opinion was the one and only deciding factor. He hates when she does that. Shuts down his discontent with a shrug and a smile and then proceeds to tell him how she interpreted the situation in a way that leaves him unable to retaliate. Still, there’s a world of difference between her shutting down his dislike of asparagus by telling him how healthy it is, forcing him to either buy the damn things or feel unhealthy, and her shutting down his hurt and confusion in the wake of Sherlock’s return by telling him that
Mary puts her arms around his neck and pulls his head down on her shoulder. She kisses the side of his face again and again, but she doesn’t say anything more, she just holds him and kisses him and leaves him to feel whatever he needs to feel in the privacy of her arms and John can’t remember a moment where he loved her more.
“Is that how you feel?”
“Anyway. Somehow, the drugs… I don’t know. When I went into my Mind Palace, it was… different. Things were different in there.”
Sherlock is holding himself in an upright position with both hands planted on the floor in front of him. John lifts him up carefully, supporting him by the shoulders.
But if he was to start on that, to actually look at it and examine it and do something about it… It feels as though he’s standing on the ground looking up at an impossibly high mountain top and having to climb it with his bare hands. And he just can’t. Especially not now.
24 hours, one case, one bomb and one near-death experience later, things are starting to feel just remotely back to normal, if normal is even a word that can be applied to anything concerning Sherlock Holmes. During the next couple of weeks, they fall back into most of their old habits. They start solving cases again. Sherlock insults away only to pull the rug out from underneath everyone else in as dramatic a reveal as possible. John writes his notes and reopens his blog. On the surface, their friendship seems to simply pick up where it left off and march on as though the last two years hasn’t happened. On the surface, it seems as though both John and Sherlock have been on stand-by and now continue on with their shared lives, the same as always.
His hands are flexing.
After more than a week of hectic last-minute Christmas shopping, sending off presents left and right, preparing for Christmas dinner and decorating 221B from top to bottom (well, not exactly from top to bottom, more like around all the fire hazards that Sherlock refuses to get rid of), with a couple of hours left until the 25th, Rosie is now asleep in her room upstairs and Mrs. Hudson is safely returned to 221A. It really is surprisingly quiet. No carollers at the door, no loud sounds emanating from obnoxious celebrations at the local pub, not even cars on the street. London has gone into pre-Christmas hibernation.
New chapter! I apologise for the long and tedious wait, but this chapter just sort of ran away with me and it didn't feel right to end it any sooner than I did, so I hope that this longer chapter can make up for the delay!
He’s so relieved that he feels himself dangerously close to tears as he turns to look back up at Sherlock’s doctors. All three of them are bend down over the bed in much the same fashion as himself and sport a confounded yet pleased expression likely similar to his own.
“I left,” he says at last. It sounds like a confession, as much as Sherlock’s words had done while he talked about Jim. “I left when I shouldn’t have. I knew I shouldn’t have, I bloody
“It is morning.”
Once again, Sherlock feels his left eyebrow rise up. “Well then what?”
John is still holding Sherlock’s hand. He hasn’t let go of it for a moment. Whatever the doctors and nurses might be thinking, to hell with that. This isn’t about all that.
“I’m not involved!”
Somewhere during the course of the night, it becomes apparent that Sherlock isn’t likely to have another sudden lapse in consciousness. He falls asleep a little past eleven, but it’s far from the abrupt, uncontrolled blackouts John has witnessed so far. John could swear that a weight is lifted from his shoulders at that realisation. Sherlock’s blackouts have been terrifying to witness. It’s almost been worse than the unconsciousness itself. Even the sheer possibility that John might not have to sit through another episode of that feels almost too good to be true.
At least that’s what Sherlock tells himself at first. As the hours pass, he begins to realise that he actually doesn’t mind this particular company as much as he thought he would… or perhaps rather as much as he thought he
Sarcasm, on the other hand, is something they both excel at and Sherlock finds himself falling back into that role straight away. A coping mechanism in and of itself.
, and now here he is, alone once more.
“I thought maybe we could figure that out together.”
Sherlock looks down.
Ah, the wonderful world of delays! I did actually have this chapter mostly wrapped up and finished about a week ago, but I've been nasty sick since last Friday, so... here it is at last! Thank you so much to everyone who's reading this. I really hope you enjoy!
Somehow, John must have registered his momentary lapse in attention, because his eyes take on a softer glow and his hand comes up to caress Sherlock’s cheek.
“Missed me?”
John heads out to make himself a cup of tea. It’s dark out, but it’s still a bit early to prepare for bed. Life is going on outside the windows, voices and car horns reaching him from the street below. It’s almost as though they’re in a bubble up here. A small world of their own. Those sounds could be little more than auditory scenery, the background to the action. Lights from the cars could be plastered onto their windows to give the impression of life down there. The illusion that there’s anything but the here and now.
Sherlock can’t do this.
John feels himself frown.
Sherlock’s primary doctor, Dr Trevelyan, is a sweet, competent, thirty-something year old woman with light brown hair and a sympathetic smile, both of which are currently on exhibit. She’s genuinely nice and she’s been nothing but supportive all the way through. She’s even managed to avoid the awkward pitfalls of a doctor-patient relationship between two doctors, explaining things without over-explaining them and never defaulting to the embarrassment of “Oh, sorry, you probably already knew that” followed by an awkward laugh that’s meant to ease the tension, but in reality only accomplishes the opposite. She deserves nothing but praise from John’s side. It's not her fault that Sherlock isn't awake. But still, when she gives him that professionally saddened
Mrs. Hudson lingers in the doorway. “Sherlock?”
“I won’t,” he reaffirms. “But right now, he needs me.”
. He’d said it back then and he’d meant it. That it was alright that Sherlock might not be like most, in his sexuality and in any other aspect of his life. That it was alright that Sherlock was a bit peculiar, that John could deal with it, that he might even like it. That John understood that he was different, even back then, and appreciated that he dared to express it.
“How… how…”
He sits.
“They wanted to make you good. And you tried, Sherlock. You have tried all your life. Subconsciously. Consciously. Subconsciously again. That deep pool of water lapping at your feet in wave after wave, pulling the foundation out from beneath you one grain of sand at a time. All your life, in all your dreams… deep water.”
“John…” he hears himself begin, but he doesn’t know how to continue. He’s afraid of what he might end up saying. The
While Sherlock was… well, while he was gone, in lack of a more suitable phrase, John couldn’t talk about it. And although it was constantly somewhere just on the edge of conscious thought, he didn’t think about it directly either. In hindsight, perhaps he’d thought that it was irrelevant to really analyse it, dissect it as Sherlock would a week-old corpse and try to make something of it. Any conclusion would be too late anyway. Except now it’s not. Now it’s a very relevant subject and it seems to only increase in importance as the days go by and the atmosphere between the two of them shifts. First mischievous crime solving as though the last two years hasn’t happened at all. Then awkward manoeuvring aimed at getting three people to fit into a space developed for two. And finally downright horrendous moments of suspended eye contact and emotional conversations rising to the surface without being spoken before the cycle starts all over again. John feels as though he might go mad.
Mary smiles and turns fully towards him, apparently satisfied with that explanation. Well, it is rather obvious that an intimate dance is an activity for two people only.
“I’m not sure…”
his heart, and not feel as though one was eating away at the other. Just for that too-short, 16-month period, he’d felt like one complete human being. Sherlock had felt
John deserves better. Sherlock tried to give him better by sending him away. And it worked. And now John isn’t coming back. He’s spending time with his new wife in his new home without feeling forced to sit by and play doctor to his unforgivably weak excuse of a friend.
She shouldn’t be so calm about it. It doesn’t feel right.
But he doesn’t dare to force John’s hand on this. He doesn’t dare to push him to provide a definitive answer. It’s almost as if, no matter how many times they’ve kissed now and how many times they’ve talked, none of them dare to say anything definite. None of them dare to put a word on this. That would mean making it real. Making it a tangible thing, something to be counted on, rather than the immaterial dream they both seem to be clinging to. It’s for insurance. If it should suddenly disappear, an immaterial dream is easier to recover from than something that had a name, something that
somehow. And I ignored that. If I hadn’t left then…”
Mrs. Hudson’s phone it is then. That will also give him a chance to criticise her conspicuous absence.
Fondness, yes.
There’s movement to Sherlock’s left and then Jim’s arm is around him, pulling him in as one would a crying child.
At this, Sherlock groans in irritation at the bloodied napkin in front of him. John has hit him once before, but that had all been in good fun in the side alley of a state residence near Eaton Square in Belgravia. John hadn’t been angry then, only annoyed by Sherlock’s own, half-hearted punch and perhaps feeling a little put-upon after the morning’s events. It had been expected, controlled, almost kind of comical in its own way. It had felt like being ten years old again and being stupid just for the fun of it. It hadn’t
Then, unbelievably, he reaches out and places a hand on Sherlock’s cheek.
think beyond the here and now. You never know how many moments you have in the here and now. John has learned that lesson the hard way.
“Are you hurt?”
focus on them no matter how hard he tries to tell himself otherwise), it’s inevitable that John eventually catches a glimpse of Sherlock’s back.
