Crowley sighed from behind the door and fell quiet. Dean sighed as well and sat down on the floor, his back against the stall. He didn't want to think about the kinds of things on the floor, but his legs were getting tired waiting for the smarmy bastard to answer him.
And in front of Dean's eyes, she vanished. He stood there, slack jawed, before remembering himself and opening the envelope- another journal page. How did she get this? He wondered. He pushed the event from his mind and walked out of the apartment.
Castiel moved to the other side of the machine, going to fulfill its request when Dean dashed into his path, putting a hand on his chest. "Wait." He said, turning to the thing in Mr. Carrigan's chest.
The next place to go was a dark hole in the wall, but Dean felt he needed to build himself up. He wanted to give himself some time, so he pulled out his Gameboy and saw a new game in it. He played it through, though he couldn't remember ever hearing of a game called Seeking Providence. Every level except the seventh was unlocked, so he selected the first level and the screen read: "She desperately sought a place among the Council. So the aspiring witch traveled deep into the castle for the initiation trail: to retrieve to Book of Forgotten Truths."
„You’d be a great cook, your pancakes are the best!“ Jack nods along and Dean’s chest swells with pride.
It’s a blood-red sun, setting on the horizon, and Cas leans over to whisper in Dean’s ear. “Happy birthday, Dean.”
„Haa-haa, very funny.“ Sam says, getting up and dusting off.
“I made a list of the songs, inside.” Castiel tells him carefully, nervous again.
“I’ve got him.” the angel says and lifts Jack to his arms, like he’s not the size of a teenager and carries him off to his own room.
Let’s not talk about how when they were almost killed by a werewolf and Castiel blacked out for a moment, Dean’s hands on his face so gentle, his face so close to Cas’ it would’ve been so easy to make the few extra inches disappear.
Sam finds Dean yelling and stomping around the room as Castiel tears at his hair with all his might.
“I just thought that it might help!” Jack protests, but gives them both a sheepish look.
So where the hell is he?
So, lots and lots of traditions - they try to uphold each and every one. Sometimes, it’s hard - that one time when they were supposed to have pancakes again, because it was a Sunday; but they were still out on a hunt in the middle of the night on a Saturday, so they pulled into iHop at 5 in the morning and Dean ordered them a mountain of pancakes along with bacon, beans, baked pastries and loads of coffee.
Castiel longs to press his mouth against Dean’s. See if the curve of it fits with his own, if they would slot together like two puzzle pieces or would they be clumsy and everything he ever hoped for.
There is no need for Angels, for cosmic beings down there anymore. That this, however, is not the end for Dean, because that’s not how this was supposed to end, that this is the one last time in the timeline of all the times Dean is going to be brought back.
“Don’t start squabbling again, I mean it.” Sam says last, in a very parental tone, but before Dean can retort, Sam’s gone like the wind, leaving the door to close itself in a soft click.
Another moment passes and Dean’s still holding onto his hand, the light outside still blinking in and out of existence and Castiel stands, waiting.
Castiel is caught off guard but straightens on the door. “And I don’t like the way you never let me save you.”
Castiel peers up the staircase and continues on the second floor. A scratching sound comes from their right.
Cas rolls his eyes. “That’s a very bad pickup line. I’ve searched them up on the internet, I know.”
“Why are you doing this?” Dean asks, pulling her attention to himself.
“500 points for me.” Dean tells him happily.
“Yeah, he’s right,” Dean sips his coffee and winks at Cas, “I can man the flashlight, no biggie.”
„You- you-” Dean says intelligently and tries to think of ways he could kiss Cas senseless without making an impression of a very 18+ movie in front of Jack (and Sam).
A quick job for the three of them. Well, two and a half of them. Dean snorts as he thinks of that, but has enough wits to stay silent.
Dean peers up. “You do know what this song is about, right?”
“Murder, yes, terrible business. I’m afraid I can’t help you, agent. I’ve already spoke to police and the FBI, so I really don’t see-”
There’s an audible shatter of glass when the light bulb on the nightstand goes out and Dean pulls back, startled.
Cas sighs, “I’m not scared of them. I just don’t get them.”
“Yeah, I know.” Dean says, and when he breathes out, it’s like there’s a burden there, something he can’t lift on his own. “They’re just… seem- feel very real, ya’know?”
“I’m betting you didn’t need to blow out all those light bulbs, but you just did it for the theatrics. Dramatic-ass angel.”
“You’re an ass.”
Dean gives him a pointed look, when Cas replies “You would know.”
Dean thanks his charm once again, and sits down on the couch in the hallway with her. She’s definitely too close.
“Yeah, aren’t you a couple of role-model parents.” Sam snorts and Dean whacks him to the back of his head.
There’s a long pause and then Castiel raises his hand, to rub at the bridge of his nose, by the looks of it, and grumbles, “Dean, you’re lucky I’m this small right now.”
“Yeah, a demigod. Procrustes, to be exact. Likes to play house with real people, only seems as though none of his partners actually ever fit the marriage bed.” Dean snorts and catches the wooden stick Castiel throws to him, the other staying in the angels hand.
“Come on,” Sam says, his face looks almost pained with the way he’s trying not to laugh, “Let’s get back and I’ll call Rowena on the way back.”
Dean took the Impala, just as it started raining, but he had no clue where he was going. So he just took a turn and started driving towards the nearest town, when he saw the light flicker at a roadside gas station. And a strange pull made him turn the wheel, coming to a screeching halt in front of it and then he had spotted it.
“You mean murders?” she laughs, and it’s not particularly unpleasant, but there’s something eerie about it, the sound bouncing back from walls. Her long red nails go to her chin as she supports herself on it. “I’ve been manager for just a handful of years and nothing like this has ever happened here, no.”
“You seemed pretty impressed when we first met.” Castiel reminds him, pacing again.
He takes the angel out and puts him on the counter, kneeling in front of him with his elbows on the surface and blinks at Castiel, mouth curved into a smile.
It’s not a good idea but still. Dean’s not thinking with his head right now, anyways.
Castiel’s heart is beating so painfully, it’s unbearable. It hurts, in such a sweet way, he’s not sure if he can take it.
He stretches, his wings uncurling from his back, the only part of him that isn’t just pure white, but colourful. Like the oil stain on a summer’s day on the asphalt, bright with the colours of the rainbow under the light. His wings shine the same way, every time he moves them, the gush of wind and sound of crackling like thunder accompanying it, they are yellow and orange and red, then he shuffles them, and it’s blue, green and white, he moves again and it's pink, purple and black.
Jack asks Alicia a bunch of questions, while Max and Sam head downstairs to see if they have everything.
“I thought we were here to get information, not be tactful?” Castiel says quite tactfully in his own humble opinion.
Castiel distracts himself from thinking about Dean in the shower by cracking open the first book he can get his hands on, sitting behind the small rounded desk in their motel room.
“Holy shit,” Dean says, laughing as he cleans his blade. He turns on his heels. “Cas, make some noise, where the hell-”
“Well, you need a ride, short-stuff?” he smirks and Sam snorts.
There’s silence and Dean looks up, locking eyes with the angel.
It’s making Castiel go crazy, bit by bit.
Sam looks like he’s about to either throw up or point a finger at Dean and laugh.
All of them have, at some point, wished that monsters under the bed wouldn’t be real.
Dean ends the conversation with ‘bees first, then we’ll see’, which gets him another prized soft-as-hell look from Cas.
The neon sign outside burns into his eyes. His vessel’s eyes, more like.
He tests the words Dean’s sent his way.
Sam’s phone is lying on the floor of the car, almost under the front seat and the screen is displaying missed calls from Dean.
He thinks it’s working, because Castiel’s blue eyes are soft on him, with the little smile reserved just for Dean.
“Haa-haa. How’d you figure it out, then?” Dean changes the subject and Sam ruffles around, he must still be in the car. He’d taken Castiel’s, because Dean’s said it a million times - if there’s a choice, no one drives Baby unless it’s him.
What the hell, Dean frowns at himself, Dean Winchester does not giggle.
Cas chuckles. “Is that because there’s no picking up to do?”
Sam pulls another face and they get into the car. “Well, at least we know why she stayed there. Maybe there’ll be a connection to… her habits, somewhere.”
And the angel does just that.
“You’re beautiful. Always have been, always will.”
Jack is doing something close to dancing, twirling around and laughing, while Dean is the only one holding the tune.
Flawed perfection.
Or what was left of it.
He’s done this plenty of times, help soothe Dean’s nightmares, or Sam’s. But this time, something happens that never has before.
It was almost the same one he’s had before, only a little more twisted this time. When he thinks of it, the flashing red lights, splatter of blood he can almost feel on his cheeks and the yanking, hollow feeling in his chest cavity, he slightly shakes his head, to get rid of the damned images.
“I never asked for better.” he tells him, hand going to touch Dean’s hand on his arm, smoothly going over the fingers and laying it there.
But he’s not the shy, blushing angel he once was.
Castiel is watching him and when Dean locks eyes with him, the bastard doesn’t even flinch at being caught. Dean feels his skin tingle and can’t take the silence for more than a millisecond.
“What do we have here, an angel?” Tony asks and flicks his black demon eyes to existence, confirming Castiel’s suspicions. “What might an angel be doing here with a couple of hunters?”
“You’re such a d-” Castiel starts as Dean keens over with laughter, setting the angel down, but Jack chooses this moment to step into the kitchen.
Dean looks up, he realizes his hand around the glass is shaking, drops of water falling onto the carpet and he wills it to stop. Castiel is just a few feet away.
He nods slowly. And then he closes his eyes against Castiel’s hand.
Cas tilts his head a little, and Dean does not find it adorable in the least bit, but when Castiel sits across from him, eyes roaming over the table, Dean watches his fingers scramble through the papers on the wooden surface.
It’s all Dean and all Cas, and he steps towards him, hands going to clutch Dean’s elbow gently.
Dean’s already sorry he did. “Can we just get the hell to work?”
„Don’t worry, they cost like 50 cents at the store, we can always get a new one. Or a Scooby-Doo one, if you want.“ Dean says, brushing the shards onto a smaller shovel with a brush.
“But, at the same motel, there have been cases just like this in the past 20 years. 4 victims, 5 with this one.” Sam goes on, ignoring Dean.
Dean smiles warmly, the angel had never looked more cute. Dean felt the same urge as you get when you see a cute puppy - you just wanna squeeze and pet them. Doubt that Cas would take well to that, though.
“Everything.” Castiel says, voice low, barely above a whisper and Dean raises his head, levelling Cas with a look.
“Yes, thank you.”
“So what else should we look at? I mean, the son of a bitch has to be in here somewhere, right?”
Castiel snorts a laughter at that, as he props himself up, swaying slightly and leans against the wall.
Castiel can see the crook of his mouth, the line between his brows. His eyelashes flutter as he dreams. His eyes go to Dean’s naked torso for a moment but comes right back up again, scolding himself.
And Dean doesn’t comment. He listens. Song after song, he listens and says nothing, a small smile on his face and eyes closed, as much as Cas can see as he carefully peers at Dean, from time to time.
“Hey, earth to Mr. You’re supposed to swim on the beach,” Dean snaps his fingers in front of Cas, “Can you even swim?”
A few beats go by and Dean can feel Castiel’s thumb doing circles on his skin right above his hip.
Dean gives him a weird look, when Cas shuffles in his seat, hiding a small smile.
It’s a very furry looking, big-ass spider. Looks more like a tarantula than anything.
“This,” Cas points towards them, where Dean’s still clinging to him like a koala, “is called swimming? Besides, I want something to drink.”
With a relaxation of his muscles he realizes it won’t matter. He knows Dean, like Dean knows him. Like Dean said. Like Cas once said.
Castiel makes a protesting sound, while Dean steps towards the corner of the room and places Cas on a globe there.
He doesn't even have to form the question, Cas' anguished look, eyes staring back with sorrow and rejection, tell him everything.
„Thanks kid. Well, what would you want to be if you grew up?“
Normally, what he would say, is this - that his true form is incomprehensible to the human eye, Dean knows this. Knows that it would burn him, his eyes and his body out of existence, that he would not be able to see or hear him because the minute Castiel falls apart, Dean would be scorched beyond repair.
And Dean flips Sam the bird and cuddles against Castiel’s side, little brothers be damned.
There’s a faint call that sounds like ‘
But Castiel, still wet and hair in his face and unusually uncoordinated for an angel, slips and falls towards the floor.
Castiel stares at Dean, confused. “Oh. She was?” he can’t help but have the incredulous tone, because usually - no, quite often- it’s Dean who gets all the smiles and winks.
Life might be chaotic but it’s better than it has ever been - monsters are still out there but here, in the bunker, they have something in the resemblance of a home.
“Dean, you’re missing the movie,” Castiel says after a few minutes, finished with the nachos.
He saved him, he dragged him out of the Empty, it was all Dean and now, Cas isn't here. He wasn't in the bunker when Dean's feet touched the floor again, he wasn't in his room and he wasn't outside, leaning next to the Impala.
“Damas,” Castiel starts, his voice a little gravelly, so he clears it, “As in Damastes? One of the many names you have.”
Dean’s words stutter, catch in his throat and his hand curls around Castiel’s arm, slow and hesitant, still.
“I realized a totally missed opportunity back there!” Dean tells him, clearly beating himself up about something.
Cas gives him a light, genuine chuckle, smothered by Dean’s soft lips on his.
Cas stares at him with an innocent expression. “It has cowboys in it.”
They’re at the farmer’s market and Castiel is watching Dean show Jack the different flavors of honey in one of their favorite stalls, while Sam is trying to drag Claire towards the ‘gross green stuff stall’, as the blonde likes to say.
He lets himself enjoy it.
“I want to listen to it. Will you listen to it with me?” Dean’s face isn’t as guarded anymore, it’s open and more vulnerable, sincerity clear on it and Cas blinks.
“See you back here.” his brother says, when Castiel slugs back against the wall and looks even a little disappointed.
’ at the top.
Kissing Dean is something Cas isn’t used to. They’ve done it plenty of times now, but it still astonishes him - that he can actually do it.
When you think you can never have something, it’s hard to accept that it’s now your reality.
Dean’s leaning over, which is extremely easy to do after he had moved the chairs more together (courtesy of their first movie watching and Dean complaining how he can’t reach the chicken wings in Cas’ lap and Cas rolling his eyes, because Dean already had popcorn in his lap at the time).
When Dean left the bunker to go on a hunt, Castiel always insisted he’d come with. When Dean said no, Castiel said with the biggest puppy eyes - Family means nobody gets left behind.
He pulls Castiel against him, kisses him everywhere, anywhere he can and Cas’ hands on him tighten, the angel moves them down to Dean’s hips to stop him from squirming around.
The only thing he can do is to keep it, the small amount of it, in his fingertips so he can fulfil on his promise to take them back to Earth.
If they’re both hurting then maybe it’s best just to do that. Let all the hurt out now, to save them from further pain in the end.
He tunes it out after a few seconds.
“You can’t just say these things, Cas!” he stammers and rushes after the angel, when he exits the room.
He feels something and almost startles, when he realizes it's a brush of fingers against his own, gentle and careful.
Dean braces himself for the cheesiness of the line about to be delivered.
„Or Charlie.“
Dean sucks in a breath and gets up, hands frantically waving as he speaks fast. “What do you want me to tell you, Cas? It’s not like I don’t want to talk, it’s that I don’t know how. And you keep pushing and pushing and I feel like we’re so close to falling off the edge, it’s like you want it to happen.”
Another day of doing nothing about whatever this is. Maybe they won’t ever do anything about it. Would that be so bad?
Cas can feel Dean’s eyes on him and it’s a good feeling. His skin tingles, knowing that the pair of emerald eyes are on him, and not by accident.
He’s glad Dean lets himself be that person, around him.
Tongue and teeth, urgent and hot.
It takes them more than 10 minutes to get out of the water, which Cas did not anticipate.
The hunter’s got to admit, the angel looks adorable like this. He’s so tiny, Dean could probably fit him in his pocket. A light bulb comes on in his mind.
“Okay, first of all, fuck you. Second of all, oh no wait, that was it, Mr. I bet that cute waitress would like my car.” He has no idea why the hell that came out of his mouth but it’s not like he can back down now, so he pushes his jaw forward defiantly and opens the book with a bang on the table.
Sam’s hand goes over his face, rubbing it, almost as if he’s still exhausted, and Dean can relate. He feels it, too.
“A spell shrunk him. Gotta wait until we can reverse it.” Sam says from the counter, waving his ice-pack.
He’s about to open his mouth, to say to Sam that it doesn’t matter, who cares if they find the monster and besides, it’s not Cas’ fault that there’s no lore on this, but his brother is perceptive, as always.
Dean delivers a laugh.
He raises the sponge and manages a sweet and yet arrogant smile. “Ich.”
Castiel is amazed that Dean knows he used his grace to make the nightmare dissipate.
Dean nods curtly but Cas can see the pain on his face, like he’s just slapped him.
Her eyes, almost glowing in the dark light, follow Dean out and he swears he could feel them even when outside in the sun, leaning over his Impala.
His hair is still the same, except now they are covered in sand grains. There’s even sand on Dean’s forehead.
“You mean sexual intercourse?” Castiel asks and Dean can’t help but burst into laughter.
And that angers him even more, the turmoil inside threatening to burst, but then he reaches him, just a few feet away and Castiel's face is staring right back, white as a sheet. Like a ghost.
Cas makes a small noise, it's endearing and cute and it's fucking everything when Cas' arms go to Dean's face and deepen the kiss, angling him just right.
Castiel loves this version of Dean. Maybe even the most.
Castiel wishes Dean could feel more, like he does. Or that he himself wouldn’t feel at all.
“People.”
„Listen, it’ll be fun. We clean the place together, assign each of us some rooms and help Jack and Cas figure it out along the way. Dean, you’re the messiest person I know,“ Sam adds, admonishing and Dean almost smacks his face „Maybe it’s time you tidy your room up. Or your man-cave.“
“Your sister was decapitated by being stretched until her head and limbs came off. I think everything you can tell us is relevant.”
Dean burts into a roar of laughter, however, when Sam gives a very firm pull and goes flying backwards with the vacuum, while Cas, who was pulling in the other direction, falls flat onto the floor in the opposite way.
Dean’s heart is pounding so hard, no matter that Cas can hear it - even Sam could hear it from next door.
“You made me a mixtape?” Dean asks, like he can’t quite believe it.
No broken bones later, they’re all sitting in the Dean-cave.
Dean’s now singing, hopping off the couch and doing a little cute dance-step as he goes over to the record player and sorts through the vinyls.
Dean’s eyes are on him, but it doesn’t look like he’s waiting for an explanation.
He nods. “That is my family. I found it all on my own.” He tells the old lady and even if she thinks the phrasing is peculiar, she gives him a gentle look.
He clears his throat, effectively breaking whatever scary and albeit wanted spell Cas has him under, and looks up with a crooked smile. “Yeah, I know, I know.”
Dean smirks. “Nope. You’re a nerdy dude in a trench-coat.”
Sam’s cough makes them lean apart, but Dean’s still smiling like crazy.
When Cas stares at Dean, inches from his face, he can feel the beat grow faster. When Cas etches closer, breath ghosting over Dean's lips, he smiles.
And it’s unmistakably Sam.
„Can we keep him?“ Jack asks, moving towards the hideous thing.
“Cas, you’re an idiot if you think I’d say no.” Dean says and his breath comes out in a tremble and Castiel thinks,
Most of all, though, Dean could see why Castiel liked the movie so much. It’s about an alien life-form, someone who doesn’t belong on earth (like an angel and the fact that Lilo calls Stitch her angel is just adding to Castiel’s projections), who doesn’t quite know his place and finds a family in a broken and small (but good) band of people.
Cas chuckles. He drinks the beer, taking one sip and then leaving it on the counter, while Dean puts the ball in the middle of the small court and leaving it there, nodding towards the TV.
As Sam goes to the girl, Dean turns towards the vamp that jumps at him.
„How about hell no.“ Dean says, grabbing the kid so he doesn’t go poking the thing.
“Cas, what are you-” he starts, but Cas turns and locks the door.
Ayesha gives an exasperated sigh and her hand goes to her messy hair. “I- Obviously I didn’t approve when she- and I don’t want her to bring that here! We had a huge fight about it the last time and I just-”
the size of the Chrysler building.”
It doesn’t matter that life is unpredictable, for people like them, because whatever may come they will face it together.
Now, his fingers twitch slightly at the memory and he makes a fist with his right hand, the other holding a pen.
Nothing major, just some severed heads and one dead werewolf, which does make it a little bit more suspicious.
Jack makes a ‘wheeeeee’ noise when he stands up on the couch, with Cas, Dean and Sam all running towards him, hands waving around and going “Jack, no-”
“‘Sup, bitches?” Charlie’s voice floats down to them about half an hour later and during this time, Jack has done nothing but stare at the spider with all his might, making sure the thing doesn’t escape somewhere or, god forbid, hurt itself.
” to “
Cas raises his head so he could look up at Dean, blue eyes wide and piercing as his hand goes to Dean's cheek to hold it. But his other hand, as he angles himself towards Dean, goes to his chest. Right above the heart, snaking his fingers under the fabric against the warm skin and Dean draws a breath.
There’s a couple of seconds of silence, before Sam snorts loudly and Dean starts laughing.
Dean shows him the finger from his place on the mattress upstairs, like the teenager he is.
Dean’s brow furrows again. “I thought you wanted to swim.”
“Hey!” Dean lets out and winces when Castiel’s arm closes around his, but a blue glow of light later, his arm is back to normal, his bloody clothes the only reminder of the broken bone.
Dean’s face is unmoving, besides that small smile, his eyes fixed on Cas, before he leans down, forehead touching the angel’s and whispers “You are fucking amazing. Do you have any idea how much you mean to me?”
He’s wearing a Hawaiian T-shirt.
In his mind, a voice rings, clear as day to him, but Dean stays immobile, not hearing the high-pitched frequency only comprehensible to the celestials.
Castiel speaks, careful to be as soft as his grace allows him, but Dean doesn’t flinch back, almost as if they are speaking through mind and not words carried out in the space between them.
“M’ fine. Lets get Sammy.”
, looks up and Dean can see it in his face.
“I apologize if I disturbed you. Go back to sleep.” he whispers, because that’s what humans do when someone is sleeping.
Dean gives a protesting noise.
But, he does comment eventually.
Dean is there for him and telling him that he is still Cas. Still Castiel, the angel who fell for Dean Winchester.
“I’m millions of years old, Dean.”
But of course Cas catches him staring and the bastard gives him a slow smirk, accompanied with a very deliberate raise of the eyebrow.
“Cas,” Dean says and it’s soft. So soft, Castiel is rethinking about coming in here, demanding- demanding what? Justice? For his feelings? Maybe he should’ve stayed in the kitchen. Alone, letting it all bubble up inside and why shouldn’t he? He’s an angel, he can deal with his emotions.
“It’s the least I could do.” the angel says, because he’s heard people say that a lot, but also because he feels like he should do something more around here.
“I’m sorry, Sam. I couldn’t find anything remotely related to these murders. They’re very specific, which should’ve made it easy to find the culprit but…” Cas’ voice draws to an end and Dean can hear it in his tone - the way Cas is beating himself up about it.
Castiel looks up, a little startled but mostly confused and Dean turns a shade of red, the embarrassment creeping up on him, but clears his throat. He’s already started, might as well finish.
He looks at Castiel and the angel stands there, stunned.
“So, we can only watch movies that aren’t from this century?”
Castiel, who had woken up when Dean had a nightmare.
She comes up to hug him, just as tight as Sam. “Hey,” she signs, “Happy birthday!”
„Are you scared, Dean?“ Sam asks, now smirking.
As per usual, Sam just rolled his eyes, an indication that he doesn’t really care where they eat but that he’s also fed up with Dean’s unhealthy eating habits.
“That’s a weird way to run a motel.”
They crash and it’s more than just pure starlight, it’s a supernova.
“Come on, Jack. Let’s try and not scare the little fellow.”
Her conversational tone doesn’t change throughout as she raises her hammer above Sam’s head again. “Sleep tight,” she smiles brightly and Sam’s eyes widen.
? Or because you think I look freaking hot in a cowboy hat?” Dean then asks and without warning, he moves from Cas’ side to straddle him, hands supporting himself on Cas’ shoulders.
Maybe even literally, Dean daydreams for a second.
And they didn’t even get to play monopoly.
The angel lets himself be dragged to Dean’s room. He stands by the door, as Dean goes around, drawing the blanket and putting the pillows up so they can lean on them and shuts the light on the ceiling, opting for the small bedside table lamp.
She almost leaves, but then turns on her heel, pointing at Castiel while the other hand moves to her hip. “And I get off at 6, by the way. If you’re boyfriend will allow you out to play.”
Sam is now looking around as well, clearly noticing the same.
Dean forgets how to breathe (doesn’t think he even can) and from his throat comes a small little noise that’s muffled by Cas’ mouth on his.
“The songs are…” Cas starts, as Dean’s finger goes to the ‘
„Tell you what,“ Dean says, tossing the rag over his shoulder and appraising the state of the flickering light bulb to his right. „After we get Cas that bee-house he wanted, we’ll see if we can find a really cool mystery machine for you, and I’ll teach you how to drive it.“
Dean takes him out and, even in the midst of danger, he still can’t help but make a joke out of this. Wielding his arm, he throws, with a yell of “Flame on!” and Castiel flies through the air.
Under his fingertips, he can still feel the slow beat.
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from the pocket.” Dean lowers his voice comically, in a poor imitation of Cas and Sam burst into ugly barks of laughter by the counter.
“I don’t have time for this,” he expresses his feelings and the demon’s eyebrow raises.
“You are a giant ball of sass, though.” Dean retorts and gives Cas his best heart-eyes.
“Um, I think that’s
Dean stops in his tracks.
It’s Cas’ turn to laugh when Dean bumps into the table and the hunter scowls at him and promises to step on his toes the next time.
“What’s that you got in your nasty little pocketses?” Jack asks,doing a sporting imitation of the Gollum.
When Cas stands behind Dean, he can feel the hunter lean into him a little, and he takes that as a yes to his internal question, hands going around Dean almost shyly.
He joins in on the references he understands and makes himself as much of a pain in the ass as the other two hunters in the bunker.
He doesn’t miss the small smile creeping its way onto Castiel’s face as Dean accompanies his singing with some dancing.
“Awesome, right?”
Dean’s voice is rough and low from sleep, sending a jolt through Castiel, his heart thumping in his chest. Out of shock of being caught, most likely, or that’s how he assures himself.
“Yeah! Maybe I should make you watch the
He ignores Sam’s judging glance and they take off, while Sam is left to show Castiel how a vacuum cleaner works.
He laughs, and presses his forehead against Cas', holding the hand that's on his cheek.
She’s excited, says she’s always wanted a pet tarantula and promises to be there in jiffy to rid them from the monstrosity.
Tony’s strong, but Castiel can feel his grace surge through him as he pushes back and the demon’s eyes flick with panic for a moment. Cas raises his elbow and punches Tony square in the face and then does the same with his fist, sending Tony flying backwards while the angel grabs his blade from the ground.
Cas is sitting right next to Dean. Their thighs have been touching for the better part of the time they’ve spent in this booth and Sam’s pretended not to notice.
“No talking when your mouth is full, Sammy.” He says sharply and Sam eyes him like he’s gone crazy.
“I don’t think that’s pos-”
Castiel perches up. “I can go get it.”
They’ve saved the world so many times, they figured they’d deserve a break. Cas knows that Dean does, more than anyone he’s ever met.
“Says the great great great great-times a billion-grandpa.”
So he rests his forehead against Deans, enjoying the way he can feel his breath, the way his hands feel on Dean’s skin.
Cas’ mouth slides on his skin, hot and leaving a trail of saliva in its wake and the other hand tugs a little at Dean’s hair.
“Can I ask you… Why didn’t your sister stay with you? I mean, you live just a 10 minutes ride away from the motel she stayed at.” Sam is saying and Castiel tunes back in.
Dean smiles right back. “Pleasure. I’m here about the-”
“Sure, and what are you gonna watch?
Dean’s hand grabs Cas’ arm and pulls him closer, Dean buries his head into Cas’ trench coat and the angel can feel him laughing.
There’s a pause.
But the word doesn’t leave a bitter taste in Castiel’s mouth. It elevates him, making him stronger, making him more determined. It makes him want to live and make Dean live as well.
“I-” Cas frowns, like he doesn’t know if he’s being tested, “She looked very pretty.”
“Nice teamwork.” He beams at him and then, he steps over to him and Dean’s good hand goes around Cas.
Well, so Sam and Dean say.
One time, Sam went to the store and Cas and Jack asked him to bring back ice cream. Dean nodded his approval and asked for cherry-chocolate but Sam showed him the finger, still pissed that Dean won against him in a game of scrabble (the poor kid’s ego).
Dean’s almost wondering how long before Cas actually does smite them all.
“I didn’t know angels could be so smart. Good for you.”
“You look disgustingly in love.” Sam announces, taking another slice and averting his eyes to Doctor Who on the screen.
Dean laughs, shaking his head. “Oh, Sammy. This is...awesome.” he says, putting the green shirt on, his wet body slowly making patches appear on it, but Cas thinks he’s never looked more beautiful.
There’s something in his tone, something very intimate, that makes Cas blush. “Good to know that gifting you dancing girls is something you find to make me amazing,” he tries to salvage himself, but Dean’s barely looking at the said girls.
Castiel stares at him and Dean grins.
Dean grabs the air, but misses by an inch and Castiel hits the floor with the barely audible ‘thump’.
Dean goes a little redder, if one can believe it and laughs, sitting next to the globe and eyes the angel. Castiel blinks back at him, amused.
“I supposed we haven’t looked at gods yet.” Castiel says, looking up, finger tapping at a paper about
Castiel wasn’t being presumptuous into thinking that it might be so. It was there, in the touches and the worried, uttered sentences and words whenever Dean was too afraid of losing the angel.
“So let me get this straight- I was pissed at you for lyin' to me, and you decided the best way to make it up to me was to get me pie and- and threaten a virgin?” Castiel frowned at him.
“Gee, thanks.” Dean snorts into his mug.
not your best work?” Dean asked incredulously, pointing to the sky where the lights (the lights that Cas had
I- I do love all of God's creations, as I ever did. But now- now there is something I love more.” Cas took a deep breath, then finally,
“'Receiving love,' huh? Even then?” Cas smiled back.
"Mmhm. His Sammy. No one else's. You screamed the first time we tried to send you back to nursery school after Sammy came home from the hospital." Mary says to Dean. "Wanted him to come with you, or you weren't going."
Dean's mouth fell open as he stared at Cas. He didn't have words, could barely wrap his mind around what he was being told. After a long moment of staring at Cas, Dean found his voice again.
"Okay, this is about to get even crazier." He watches John's eyebrows shoot up. "So, it turns out there are other universes. Like alternate timelines and stuff. And there can be... these rifts or tears that go to them. It takes a lot of power, but uh, one was opened by mistake. And the world it led to, it was one where we didn't exist, Sam and me. And the apocalypse happened. It was bad. Mom and our kid- our friend, Jack, they got stuck there for a while. And when we were saving them, we saved a whole bunch of hunters on that side too, let them in to our side." Dean paused to check that John was following. His father was working his jaw, which meant he was thinking, or angry. John nodded after a moment for Dean to keep going. "Anyway, the biggest bad over there was Michael the archangel. Their version. We thought we locked him out when we rescued everyone, but he and Lucifer broke through to our world. And Lucifer managed to really juice himself up, and then take Sammy and Jack. The only... Michael was hurt. He was too weak to take him on, and we just didn't have the firepower. So I thought... I asked him if he could do it, if he had his sword. His perfect vessel."
“So, how, um...” Dean cleared his throat, eyes on the angel's bent head. He felt a sudden urge to run his fingers through the messy dark hair, to muss it up until Cas was forced to look up at him. It wasn't right for Cas to be avoiding his gaze- that only happened when Cas felt he had done something wrong. And however Cas was feeling, however he was- Dean nearly rolled his eyes at the thought-
"The colored ones are better!" Cas called after him. Sam shook his head. "Dean, tell him."
They fell into a routine. Miracle would bound onto Dean’s bed in the morning, demanding to be walked. Dean would get up. Sam would make breakfast, and always burn the toast. Eileen would make the coffee, because according to her only she could do it properly. Dean would drink water when he set some out for the dog, would eat when the others did.
Cas and Dean share their first kiss at midnight on New Year’s Eve. Castiel likes it so much that he starts zapping them into different time zones so that they can share more midnight kisses, until Dean explains with a laugh that kissing is not an activity that they must constrain to midnights. It’s the best news Cas has heard all year.
“It’s not, actually.” Came a voice that was all too familiar. Before either Sam or Dean could process what was happening... they were beside their car. Both of them, standing strong and healthy.
“No, Dean.” Cas suddenly seemed anxious. “I want to give you your birthday present. I've been working on it for some time now.”
“Dean?” Cas’ eyes were wide, his voice suddenly hopeful. And that... that broke Dean a bit. All the bluster went out of him as he stared at Cas’ face. A face he thought he would never see again.
Dean forces himself to relax. He takes one hand off the wheel and folds his fingers around Cas’ hand.
“So… this is a good gift? It is my first time presenting a birthday gift to someone.”
“Hm?” Cas was a warm, heavy weight at Dean's side now, the gentle dance between Dean's soul and his grace beginning to send him into a true healing sleep.
Cas smiled and stepped closer, placing a surprisingly warm hand on Dean's half frozen cheek.
Castiel looked hopeful for a moment, then deflated.
“Or destiny.” Castiel whispers after a moment, giving the cube another twist. There is no answer. Dean is already asleep.
"We can fix it, Cas." Dean says tiredly, heading him off at the pass. "We'll figure it out." The company line. "Wish you'd figured out you didn't want this sooner though." He finishes with a grumble.
Dean started the car and turned the music back up as they pulled back on to the road, and Sam knew the conversation was over for now. Dean wouldn't pay attention to this matter until he had no other choice. It was how he always dealt with disasters in the family. Dad was fine, until he wasn't. Sam was perfectly normal and good, until he wasn't. Cas was alive. Cas was on their side. Cas was coming back. Until he wasn't. So Sam leaned his head against the window and sent out a prayer of his own to Cas.
“Dean.”
"Could we still go camping?"
“Good, I’ll come with you.”
“Shut up about the fucking book! I wish you’d never found the damn thing.” There is a thump, something being knocked over. Sam hurries into the den, relieved to see that all that had flown across the room was the remote.
Her explanation being shorter than normal, Dean had little choice other than to nod. "Good, I've already hacked the security cameras, I'll loop the footage until you two get back. Be careful, please. I don't want to lose two of my favorite boys."
"I heard it's made from goat meat." Gabe chimed in.
Cas cocked his head "Reporting it makes it worse, dude. I can handle it." Dean explained.
"It's okay," Ben reassured, "Sometimes my mommy says naughty words too."
"Ugh. Whatever. I have other stuff to do." Like call Bobby and let him know what was going on- and grab the Super Gameboy from his room.
"COME ON DEAN! WHY SO SCARED NOW!" it screamed at him, rushing him, ” Isn’t this what you wanted?!”
"Go hide, Judy. It's okay."
Gabe put his hands up, "Joking, Cassie. It was an attempt at a joke. Besides, he might haunt the school and the bone-head’d be haunting us forever."
"Well, we know where the foul smell came from now." Castiel said, pulling his shirt up over his nose to block out the smell.
"Yek noitingoc eht dnuof evah uoy, ecno ta lla eldnah tonnac dnim ruoy. diarfa eb ton od. nekorb raeppa lliw sgniht emos."
"Chuck borrowed our only crowbar and hasn't given it back yet. I've gone up and asked for it multiple times. Maybe you can get it from him?" Cas suggested with a shrug- another thing he'd picked up from Dean.
"Please...." it begged in a raspy whisper, "please... help... me..."
She waved him off and stole Gabriel's abandoned lunch, picking at his 'gluten-free, egg free, non-GMO, free range' ham and cheese sandwich.
Huh. Dean and Gabe walked back to the science lab, hoping Cas had forgotten about his tone earlier. When they arrived, Dean handed him the label silently.
"Alright. Well, thank you for sharing in this session, Dean." He glanced at the clock behind Dean's head. "It looks like we're out of time, but I have some good news before the orderlies come and get you. The board approved Sam for visitation."
He stepped through space, the only difference between this one and the last one was the blue and white faded tile floor he now stood on. The disembodied head greeted him again. Although this time, it flickered between a human face and static. The purple, yellow, and blue flickering and making features clear when they appeared. The face looked more and more like Cas's mom. Although, it seemed, she'd given up on words, spouting random numbers at Dean instead.
"Before you moved here, he used to help me with in school meltdowns- he actually has an anxiety disorder so he could help more than a lot of the teacher- excluding Mr. Berry. I didn't actually learn much about him during that time, though. I'm sorry."
"When a ghost is nearby, this will light up blue- instead of your whole screen lighting up and it should keep your battery usage down. To get the absolute best results fully extend the antenna. You can do that by pressing this button," she pointed to a button on the bottom of one of the handle " You can press it again to get an electrical output and basically force the ghosts to show. Oh, and I played that game in there. It's a simple horror game- the ending is pretty sad, though- everyone dead."
The screen glitched, showing green, white, and red text before Dean blacked out from looking at it. When he woke, he was in a white, blank space by himself. Someone spoke, but he couldn't understand.
It read, "A young occultist found themselves tangled in the bowels of the castle searching for the last components The Council required."
"You have no room to speak, round head. You should leave, you'll frighten the children."
"It's written on the back there, Gizmo. He's my friend Cas's cat. If Pat ever needs more pictures of that beast, Cas basically has a shrine dedicated to him."
Warnings: alluded body horror, alluded mass death, coded messages
"My dearest one," it read, "day after day, I ache for a glance from you my way. Maybe it is because of that terrible pain that I make myself cruel- or maybe a boy, a young man, my age should not feel such things for one like you. I beg of you, of God, to forgive me of such feelings- I will burn for them, no doubt. I blame you. Your existence is pure temptation. Your--" it stopped there. Who knew a highschool student could write like that.
"It's more likely to blend of low-cost meat scraps from chicken, beef, pork, and turkey." Cas contributed.
He sneered at them both, "You're lucky it's bologna day." and went back to scarfing down his lunch.
"It's locked." Cas gestured to the freezer. "I still can't pick locks, like you."
Charlie agreed, and they made their way to her bathroom. When they were both in, Dean pressed the first button that Charlie had indicted to, and the antenna shot out, the blue light coming on immediately. He looked over at her, impressed. She cocked an eyebrow, so he pressed the other button. Nothing happened and her cocky look fell.
Nearing the edge of the page, surrounded by light, pencil lines was a rip in the paper, one so large anything could come through. And yet, as he stared into this endless and dark hole, he felt his conciousness being pulled away. Something dark lurked in that space, and with every second he spent there it pulled more and more of his identity away.
"You shouldn't tamper with things you don't understand, young lady." She said.
He thought about where to go, skipping Mr. Addison- he and Cas had just made him a new sign for his tea and they'd been over almost everyday check on how he was doing. Yesterday, though, he snapped. Telling the boys that he'd get no customers if they were hanging around all day. They gracefully left and told themselves that they'd give him at least a week. Keeping it in mind, Dean instead went to the basement and into Cas's apartment.
That earned him several profanities, "Just because he owns the church doesn't mean he owns me! Nobody owns me except me!"
"Heh, beef ghosts." They all stared at Charlie a moment in disbelief before going back to their plans.
He rolled his eyes and replied, "Nobody likes a cliche bully, Crooooowley ."
"Your kid likes cats, right? Does it matter if they're ugly?" Dean demanded.
Warnings and ask blog link are at the end. I know it's a little short (and late) but hopefully next chapter makes up for it.
And with that, the level select menu flashed on his screen again. This time he selected the fifth one the text on the screen this time read: "The promptly setting sun interrupted Playtime. In that moment, the young boy realized he'd gone far too deep into unfamiliar woods."
He heard him shift, though, and brought up a less heavy topic.
"I know how to fix that, I'll get you took care of. Okay, bud?" Dean reassured the pony.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean felt bad for her, so he said something he didn't really believe, "It's never a crime to follow your heart."
"He's in the bedroom... He doesn't really talk to me anymore...."
He was more offended than he had any right being, "I'll frighten the children, what about your pal back there?"
"Dean, you didn't give me any chips. I do not know what you're talking about. I've been reaching out to other occultists and hackers online, trying to see if anyone knows how we can get rid of that demon you told me about. "
"Oh, uh, no. Sorry, we just wanted to ask about the bologna, you think you'd be able to tell us where the school buys it from?" That made the man pause in his work and stare at the boys.
Dean felt sorry for the author. Whoever it was, they were clearly struggling with something. He felt sorry for whoever the letter was for, too. Someone clearly loved them, but all they got was someone who was mean to them. It wasn't fair, Dean decided. He shrugged to himself. He was glad he'd never have to deal with that.
Dean closed his eyes, speaking solely from memory. “He told his father, he wanted to make sure that he was the patron of the forgotten.”
He attached the knob to the puzzle box and sent Bobby a picture. He then headed up to the boarded up 403. Couldn't hurt to speak to Mrs. Mills. He pulled the boards on the door up, and pulled out his super Gameboy, and she appeared to him when he hit the button.
"Do you know the beast?" he asked, trying to get a simple answer.
His next stop was the ground floor. He went to talk to Rowena, who, as always, sat in her rocking chair, going gently back and forth. He walked up to her, greeting her as he did.
He was controlling a video game version of what seemed to be a younger Rowena. She had a scarf tied around her neck, something he'd never seen on her when he visited. He led her through the spiked maze, eventually getting to the next part- which was another spiked maze. He did the same as before, and it led to the last maze. In all three, it seemed, he collected parts of a book. It launched him into a cut-scene after collecting the third one.
He went back down to the second floor and walked into Charlie's room. Dropping it in front of her without a word, she was so focused that she didn't notice he'd walked in. He plopped down onto her bed, leaning back on his hands.
The stories lined up, Dean thought, before Charlie continued, "It gets weirder, Dean. There was an update to the report, made a day after they filed the original stating that they’d found Ben dead in Wendigo Lake says they'd been fishing and he fell into the river-along with his parents."
"Dean, I'll be late tonight. Food's in the fridge. -Dad."
Dean hated to push him, but "What about your mom?"
"Greg, are you okay?" As he expected, he received no answer, and the man vanished.
"Hey Dean-o, Hey Cassie. Funny running into you. What's up?" He said in a rush, his question sounding like an apology.
He supposed it might’ve surprised him to see Judy on the floor, dead and the place coated in blood from ceiling to floor. He wasn't though. The broken furniture didn't shock him, nor did the pieces of brain he found ground into the carpet. He was, however, surprised to see bloody footsteps leading to the front door.
Dean shoved him away, laughing "Right, that's just what we need."
"Yeah, this is pretty ******." Dean joked.
"Yeah... I suppose so. Hey, Zachariah?"
"What's wrong?" Dean knew this wasn't normal, but he wanted to help- to ease the suffering.
"Do you mind if I head to the treehouse? I won't touch anything, just checking for ghosts." he asked.
Dean, honest to god, couldn't remember, the beginning was blurry to him. Sometimes he forgot how old he was now, so he looked back over at Garth, silently giving him permission to discuss his case. However, in case the head honchos were watching, he spoke it too, surprising Sam.
He crawled through the hole after he arrived. There was a whole other room in there. He pulled out his Gameboy, knowing there would be activity in the crawl space. He walked all the way to the other side, where an empty noose hung from the ceiling. Right under it, the light illuminated the space. Dean pressed the buttons again and felt a compulsion to play In Seeking Providence again, so he opened the game and saw that the 7th chapter was unlocked.
"But..." He trailed off, "Don't you remember the metal puzzle box?"
He blacked out yet again, and he could feel a small amount of blood trickling from his ears.
Bobby still wasn't great at texting, but he got the message across. Dean replied with the room number, and then headed up to Charlie's room, where Castiel impatiently waited on her bed. Dean ignored his flat, unimpressed glare and walked over to the other side of her desk where she had a new gadget just hanging out.
if you want to learn more about the characters or ask me any questions, I made a tumblr where you can- here: just copy and paste the link into your browser ^-^ https://ask-sfdean-and-co.tumblr.com/
Cas seemed confused but handed the requested supplies over. He watched as Dean drew and took a picture with his camera phone. "Maybe it's a clue to help me find my mom." Cas supplied.
He wiped his eyes, sitting back, "That's very kind of you, I take it you don't belong to this church."
Back at the apartments, after school had ended- Dean, Cas, and Charlie stood in the entryway talking through their plans.
"Promise me you'll stay out of trouble for once, Jody." He replied.
Sam blushed heavily, and rubbed the back of his neck, "He's still got some issues from that day to work through, but we're doing pretty good. He goes by his full name now. I'm thinking about asking him out after this visit. Y'know Garth called me this morning and told me something that I still don't understand. You asked them to not serve bologna. What's the story on that? Is it a trigger or something?" Sammy did his research, Dean thought to himself.
"Ugh. You and your little friends are abominations, crimes against God." Crowley replied, Dean guessed he was still going to be a dick about it.
He thought a moment "Tell you what though, make it worth the risk. I'll tell you what I know. But- uh, I know you're both broke, so no money. I don't want you guys to get into too much trouble." After that, he turned back around and went back to cleaning.
"It was down in the basement."
He sighed and looked at Garth again, asking if it would be okay to rehash with Sam. His therapist made a note and nodded at him. And so Dean told his story.
So life update: I twisted my ankle, but that's overshadowed by the fact that I'm starting testosterone soon! It only took 6 years after I came out!
"We were in love once," it said, "or so I thought. Yes. This is her doing."
"What do you mean?" he asked, regretting it immediately.
Dean stopped, "I love you too, buddy. You're the best friend a dude could ask for- but nows not the time."
"Teachers don't earn a big enough salary to support themselves on their own, Dean. She probably has multiple jobs- which is why she comes home late." Said Charlie, "Although, when she is home, she can be pretty noisy."
"You don't know that. You can't- not for sure. And- And even if it were true, doesn't that make the time you have more precious? It's our one chance to shine before the darkness claims us." during his rant, he stepped close enough for her to reach up and place her hand on the cheek of his prosthetic.
"Cas, dude, you're making my stomach turn." Dean complained.
"Please, I don't understand you."
As always you can ask me or the characters at our tumblr page.
"The council recognizes the great resolve you've shown us today. Let this book stand as a testament of your place among our ranks from hence forth. May our sight pierce the heavens and our reach be everlasting. For we will be the angels!"
Charlie handed him a picture of a little boy - Ben - with a rosary around his neck. He looked like a carefree kid.
Dean couldn't help it, he laughed, “Forgive him, Ben. He's never seen a ghost before. Cas might be a little shocked, dude."
Dean let out a long-suffering sigh "If I talk to them, and get them to be quieter, can you give me the damn crowbar?"
"That's alright, Dean." Cas allowed after a moment.
He was Dean, but he wasn't. It didn't feel right at all, but he walked forward. In front of him stood a stick man, just like him. Someone had scribbled out his face, though. When he tried to speak to him, he received screeching instead. Okay, then.
"The man is a threat to us. We cannot trust him. We will accomplish great things together and cannot afford any obstacles." it said.
"Shut up, Giraffe, I wasn't talking to you." If looks could kill...
"That's my mom." he gasped.
"Don't worry, bud. I'll get it. Why don't you look around- see if I missed anything?" Dean really needed to get on to teaching him how to do this himself, but he just didn't have the patience right now.
Dean helps Cas up and tries not to laugh at the water stain growing on his pants.
It doesn’t matter that they didn’t watch Tombstone, because Sam is here now and they can share the experience. It doesn’t matter that Dean didn’t comment on the songs on the mixtape because Cas already knows how he feels.
Dean snorts and it’s something between amused and disapproval. “I think you got game, pal.”
„Don’t drive drunk.“ Jack reads out aloud.
Procrustes’ hammer leans onto Sam now, right on his foot as she lets her body pressure force it down. Sam makes a painful noise and Dean winces.
Dean opens the small box with hurry, like he’s unwrapping a Christmas gift and finds the cover with the listing.
“You’re not going to blow me up if I kiss you again, will you?” Dean asks, all so serious, and Castiel rolls his eyes.
“Of course.” is what he says, even though it gives him a certain kind of anxiety to listen to the tape with Dean,
“Let’s go,” he says, before he grabs their gear and heads out the door, heart pounding like crazy.
How he could be able to sense and see Castiel, as he was. The Angel that he was.
He claps his hands together, excited and asks “So, what have you picked out for us? It better be cowboys.”
Maybe there is an easier way.
Dean had given him a very insulted glance but then, he realized what Cas had said. They both stared at each other until Dean gave a small snicker and an eyeroll and Castiel leaned in to kiss his cheek in apology.
Dean steps into the Atticus Motel with a weary mind, mainly because he knows very well what occurred here. Still, the motel is open, which shouldn’t actually come as a surprise, considering the state this small town is in.
He can’t shake the feeling that they’re missing something.
Dean glances over and his lips twitch, when he sneaks a look at Cas. “Sure, angel.”
Jack stares at Castiel, who is now standing on the table and Dean holds his breath, staring excitedly at Jack and then Cas.
“Go to hell, Dean.”
So he focuses on the green in Dean’s eyes. Focuses on the fleck of gold in the right one and on the eyelashes that flutter as Dean gazes back. Focuses on moving his hand from Dean’s jaw to his cheek, thumb stroking across the cheekbone.
“You should know that by now.” Dean says ruefully, but Jack comes up to them, all excited.
Then, “You didn’t have to do that.” Dean says, touching his forehead lightly, now sitting up.
Castiel’s eyes lock with his to understand - to see if this is the last time they might meet like this, close and personal and safe.
“Please, stop.” Cas says, head falling back in exasperation as Dean laughs, eyes crinkling at the sides.
Castiel knows what Dean’s words mean.
Castiel leans over to get a closer look. „I didn’t think tarantulas were a common animal in these parts.“ He muses.
Cas thinks Dean doesn't.
Dean mumbles “Yeah, bet,” under his breath and realizes his fist is on the table, knuckles white. He relaxes it and Sam breathes out.
Castiel has gotten good at reading people, but he can Dean read so much better than anyone else. And sometimes, it’s funny to see him squirm. Especially after he’d been gloating about winning at foosball.
„You want to be a DJ?“ Jack now asks, eyebrows scrunched up.
“Hm?” he asks, ready to profess his undying love unto Dean all over again.
It’s a loving kind of melancholy.
“Jeez, just sex is fine. What are you, 70?” Dean chastises and Cas frowns.
Sam seems mostly surprised, but he also exchanges a look with Castiel, which prompts Cas to ask, “So you didn’t want your sister to stay with you because she was a drug addict?”
As Castiel looks over again, Dean is staring back at him, a smile on his face and hand raised in a wave.
It’s a big place, like a mansion – if the mansion is a basement and it’s cold, darker and has hidden rooms and torture dungeons – so the opportunities are almost endless. You could watch a movie in the Dean-cave and kick back with a beer. You could try practising your knife skills in the lower levels or work out (sheesh, only Sam does that). You could even open a random book and try out a few spells if you're up for it.
Castiel is not pleased but Dean keeps on smiling.
Cas gives up entirely and lets Dean envelop him in an embrace.
Dean takes the mop and sings into it like it’s a microphone, while Sam uses his feather duster to belt the lyrics.
“Mhmm,” Dean humphs and then says, “Should totally ask for her number.”
„No, I mean,“ Dean starts but then thinks about it, „Yeah, I mean that’d be awesome. But no, I meant like – what if I could’ve been a car mechanic instead? Or like… a cook?“
"Cas," Dean was thinking of saying a few more angry words, like
Dean doesn’t raise his head from where it’s perched on his hands behind the table, all the books and papers from last night still laid out on top of it. The same articles and lore and god knows what random blogs written by people who’ve got nothing better to do that Cas had been going through last night.
But, Cas seems worried and Dean recognizes it in an instant. “Hey, it’ll work. Don’t worry, you’ll soon be big and intimidating again.”
“Then don’t do it.” Dean advises, “If only to mess with someone. Or like an emergency lie, you know? I do it all the time. Here, watch.” Dean turns to Sam. “Sam, your hair looks great.”
“Mh?” Dean says intelligently and then looks at the angel, who’s staring at him expectantly. “Oh, right. Wait, no. What?” He says now, also a very coherent thing to say and Castiel gives him a weird look.
Castiel raises his hand in a waves back. “It’s little and broken. But still good.” He says to the lady, taking the products and nods her farewell, while she stares after him with a small, confused frown.
He’s close to the hunter but not close enough. He could reach out and hold his hand, but he doesn’t.
Dean laughs at the snarkiness in Cas’ voice and steps closer, his body angling himself towards Castiel with so much ease, it’s hard to think of the time when it was different.
Dean’s green eyes regard him carefully, but then he lays back against Cas, who instinctively leans down to kiss Dean’s jawline.
He’s made peace with that.
Now, why did that sound like a threat?
Dean flips him the bird and throws a “Yeah, yeah,” over his shoulder.
“C’mere.” Dean says, picking him up, well-aware he’s manhandling an angel of the lord and refusing to give a crap.
His fingers tingle for a longer time than he cares to admit.
Dean can also be irritating, but that doesn’t mean a thing because Cas still finds it endearing. It’s still beautiful.
Castiel’s blue eyes don’t leave Dean as he says in his low voice, “Go to sleep, Dean.”
Dean gives him a death glare but Cas smiles.
Castiel takes a deep breath and leans against the door, staring at Dean like this is the last stand-off.
When Cas reaches up just a little, stretching so he could meet Dean halfway, the heartbeat under his fingertips beats loud.
But he does.
He stops short of the next corner, hand going to stretch back and Dean bumps right into it so Castiel displays it there, keeping the hunter back.
They move towards the two recliners there, in front of the TV. The lights are already dim in the room, but when Cas carefully sits down, Dean turns the light all the way off and sits on the left one.
Dean’s voice is casual, almost as if masking some sort of secret request, and Castiel knows what that is well.
“Agreed.” Tony steps forward, shouting as his blade thrusts forward and Castiel raises his hands, avoiding the blade in a quick motion and hands curling around the hilt, yanking at it.
“But it’s from 2013!”
Castiel doesn’t wince, when Dean cuts a slight line on his forefinger, but he can see that Dean does.
„And you should definitely listen to that advice,“ Dean says dutifully, like any responsible dad would, „That has to be Stevie Wonder, right? 1988, greatest hits.“
“I don’t know how to- It’s not easy. I mean, I know it isn’t for you either, but I can’t say the things you want me to.” Dean now replies and he looks more sad then ever. It’s almost like grief.
“Yes, obviously I have.” Cas says, blinking.
„Yeah, that’s what cleaning really looks like.“ Sam says, distraught.
That could be true, actually.
And why should he, with his abs and his toned muscles and his thighs and his-
“Um,” Jack says, shuffling his legs awkwardly. “No?”
Because Dean loves him, of course he does.
Years, since something changed with him and Dean. It happened gradually, subtle brushes of hand here, caressing of the face there, when one of them was in danger.
“You feeling okay there?” Dean asks, smirking. “Or maybe you’d wanna get back into the pocket, since I don’t have tiny seatbelts for angels of the pocket.”
“Eat your food. I’ll get you another one tomorrow,” Sam tells Dean, but the hunter sighs dramatically, eyeing his plate of Chili con Carne with disgust.
Cas can’t even pull back to say there’s nothing to thank him for, partly because Dean’s got a vice-like grip on him and partly because, well, he just doesn’t want to.
There are surprisingly many things to do in the bunker.
His ears ring loudly when the hammer strikes against his skull and sends sparks flying behind his eyelids. He can’t even feel the pain of colliding with the floor because the pain in his head is a lot louder, a lot more prominent.
Cas’ fingers are under his jaw, raising it up and meeting his eyes. When the fuck did he even get this close?
It sounds more like an endearment than actual displeasure, but Castiel still replies with, “I apologize.”
“Did you put that here because I made you watch
” starts playing and Cas smirks, when Dean turns to him, hands stretched out as if saying
Castiel feels painfully cornered by her look and Sam is clearly trying to hold back laughter.
He knows what Dean’s afraid of and he’s not about to throw him head first into ice-cold water.
Cas gets up, worried eyes flicking towards the ceiling as another thump and a grunt echoes and he runs, takes two steps at a time and almost bursts through the first door on his right.
He walks over to Dean, slow and steady, carefully placing his fingers onto his forehead, angel grace glowing for a split second as he soothes Dean’s mind. His forehead is covered in cold sweat, but he stops moving, face relaxing.
Dean stares at him, like he’s seeing Castiel for the first time. His lips are a little parted, schooling his look of surprise quickly and moving his mouth into a thin line. His eyes betray the angst Castiel knows they’re both feeling.
Sam seems to be finding it all hilarious. “So, this is what retirement looks like?”
Sam distributes a mug of coffee to Dean and leans on the table. “It won’t be permanent, but I think we should probably not include you in any hunts until you’re back, full-size.”
They say no more words and let the music do the talking.
“See you there,” Sam tells him, his smile a little pitiful and Castiel wonders why.
“Cas, what are you on about?” Dean asks, when Cas pulls up the thick book, pages open from almost in the middle and points at it.
Jack is full of childish joy and it’s so contagious, even Sam tries to slide down once or twice.
“One of your best traits, I’d say.” Dean tells him, making sure Castiel knows there’s nothing to apologize for and the angel smiles at him.
A lot of movie nights have ended this way, and it looks like this one might not be different.
Castiel’s head tilts to the side. “My apologies, I didn’t know you didn’t want me to speak.”
Dean feels like he’s let Jack down somehow. „No, kid, I mean – think about it. If there’d be no need to hunt, what would you wanna be?“
“What?” Castiel asks, confused, eyes opening.
“We can’t- Sam and Jack-” Castiel now says and his breath is labored and that makes Dean’s insides swirl with excitement.
“Here,” Dean says, tossing him a pair of gray sweatpants and a white Guns n’ Roses T-shirt.
Turns out, Rowena was as reluctant to help as they would’ve imagined and she hung up almost immediately, but not after commenting on Castiel’s size and delivering a brazing laugh from the other end.
“Then, maybe later. When there’s no one to hear us.” Castiel tells him and steps back, bending over to pick up the pants and put them on.
“You cheated,” Cas tells Dean, when he gets to the water, lowering himself in the cool liquid substance - what a relief from the scorching sun.
That does it and Cas is willing to change into the new clothes.
Dean’s mouth curls into a smile, his eyes shine but of what, Cas can’t be sure - unshed tears or the mere reflection of his grace?
„It’s a spider, Dean, what does it look like?“ Sam asks, clearly amused.
The hunter’s mouth is parted, but nothing but ragged breathing comes out and then, he thrashes around for a few beats, the blanket sliding away from him, half on the ground.
He’s human now. He will bleed and he will mend. He will get wounds and they will heal. And if they won’t, Dean would be there, to patch him up.
Dean smacks her but misses, when she ducks.
Castiel almost went out of his mind the first time he saw Lilo and Stitch. He laughed, cried, called the movie out on the absurdities (‘He has one eye. One eye, and the people don’t realize he’s an alien just because he’s wearing a wig? Really?’ - this one was the Clark Kent debate all over again).
If that’s not the meaning of
They still try, but the more they acknowledge how much they need each other safe, the more reckless Dean becomes. It’s infuriating.
He’s so preoccupied about thinking of making Cas smile even more, that he stumbles against the table, knocking a bunch of books down and one of them lands on his toes.
Then, the quotes started to happen.
It’s not that he has a lot to say. Cas can tell that Dean actually enjoys the movie, the way it’s a bit comical, and there are already guns blazing.
“Oh,” Dean says then, “Right.” He raises his pinky, offering it to the angel and Castiel rolls his eyes, but raises his hand to high-five the finger anyways.
Castiel nods, leaning back now, while Dean seems to be accepting this arrangement begrudgingly.
“What?” Castiel asks, eyeing him suspiciously as Dean’s fingers gently go around him and pull him out of his pocket.
"Since you... Can't anymore, I thought maybe you'd want to listen." Dean's voice is shy, maybe even cautious.
But, this is the dead-end of a road and all they can do is turn back. But they don’t have to take the same route - not the same route of desolation and heartbreak, massacres and death, dark and light.
“Sam, you’re on speaker.” Dean places the phone onto the table, but before he can go on, Sam interrupts.
Dean’s smile quirks up and he shakes his head. “C’mere.” is all he says and Cas lets Dean pull him in by a hand under his chin.
Castiel can’t believe how he feels. The content. The happiness. The ‘this is real, holy shit’.
Castiel’s hand tightens on his jaw and he moves Dean’s head to the side, to kiss a trail down his neck and leaves small bites here and there.
“Dean, you’re-” Sam protests, but Dean hugs him even tighter for it, making Sam give up and hug back, patting his brother’s back and chuckling.
. He doesn’t say what Dean already knows.
“That’s-” his words don’t come out, they get stuck in his throat as Castiel lets his grace float around them, not in a shape but a flood of bright rays.
She’s wearing the uniform, as bright red as the menu; a dress with a checkered apron and Castiel sees the nametag -
“What are you still doing here? Get over here, dork.” Dean tells him, voice soft, low and something so much more that Cas closes the door, before he comes over to gently lower himself next to Dean.
It’s dark in the room, nothing but Sam’s breathing to be heard and Dean’s looking back, probably only seeing the outline of Cas.
When he opens his eyes again, he can stop the woman standing with the hammer in her hands.
The thing with the angel is – he’s irresistible. And yet, they’ve done nothing but, well, make-out. And Dean’s more than cool with that because A. Castiel hasn’t had a lot of experience, B. Dean’s still not over the fact that he’s in love with a man and C. This is Cas. If anything, they should go even slower.
It doesn’t matter what they want, that’s what they’ve grown up with. Save people, hunt things and go off with a ‘thank you so much for ridding my house from this ghost’ and nothing much else.
“Because you are my whole world.”
"But, Dean, I don't understand why-"
They’re not even 10 minutes into the movie when Dean starts complaining.
And yet, it's perfect.
“Can you still do all the things you used to?” Jack asks, intrigued.
The angel realizes that his own fists have balled up under the table and he relaxes. Dean is not his, so he shouldn’t be so concerned about hearing of his nightly conquests.
It’s hard to admit that the voice belongs to the one he’d considered his son. His family. The one who will make all alright again. This might be one last gift from Jack, one last push before Castiel can walk on his own again.
It's unclear if Cas means in the Empty or right now, but for good measure Dean shouts "What? You don't think you deserve to be saved?"
The paper is rough on the edges, a little yellow and some of the words have faded. The pictures look like they’ve been taken out of a 70s commercial.
“Dean,” Castiel starts but the hunter waves him off, taking a swig from the bottle.
“They’re just nightmares. That would never happen, Dean.” Castiel’s voice is soothing, even though Dean feels like he wants to break something. “You have saved Sam more times than I can count. And everyone else. You love them, they are your family. If there’s one thing I know, it’s that you will always look after your family.”
He gets a big smile from Dean in reward as he replies with “I do.”
“You can’t even taste it!” Dean protests, which is only partly true.
“I don’t know about you, but winning makes me hungry and exhausted. Movie?”
“What, we hunting Thor now?” Dean asks, bewildered but Castiel shakes his head, finger going to the book, reading the lines.
“Gee, you look great too, Cas.” Dean says and ignores the way he thinks that’s the truth.
“Yeah, I can fix it.” Max is saying, a smile playing on his lips as he and Alicia stare down at Castiel. “I’m just gonna need a few things-”
They do break an awesome hula-girl shaped lamp, but Dean’s not so beaten up about that. Jack on the other hand feels terrible, both for Dean and the girl now shattered on the ground.
That’s how it is and how it has happened every single time.
Sleep takes over Dean in just a matter of minutes, his eyelids slowly closing and Castiel can feel the fingers slip from his as Dean falls back on the bed, his head hitting hitting the pillow, just enough.
“Come again?” Dean asks, the wing stopping half-way to his mouth.
“Tell you what?” Dean asks, hands hanging low now, head pushed pack and his eyes are averted to the ceiling.
“Alright!” Cas throws his hands up in despair and Dean laughs, pulling him in, nuzzling into his neck and Cas breathes in the smell of sunblock, sweat, the hot air mixed with a cool seabreeze and he feels as if all the pieces that settled once Dean had got him back have been glued together, never to be undone again.
“I’m tired of lying and tired of acting like nothing has changed.” Cas says and he can see Dean lift his head, lips parted to say something, but the angel doesn’t let him, “It might not have changed for you, but it’s changed for me and I’m not leaving until you tell me.”
He turns and there’s a look of impatience on his face.
“Seems like it. But the other cases were way back...Last one was two years ago. Why would there be another one now?”
“I love you.” he says back and Dean smiles. The same smile every time, like his mildly surprised that Cas does, too. It doesn’t matter that Cas was the one who said it first, it still catches Dean by surprise, like he would think that Cas might have been lying.
Going mini-golfing whenever any of the kids come visit - especially when Claire comes to visit, because Dean is still not over how he got hustled the first time by her.
Castiel stays behind the table, reading.
“Now who taught you that?”
After what seems to be an eternity, Charlie has gotten Hunter (which she has named the spider) into a little cage she’s produced.
Dean bites his lip, staring down onto the floor.
Cas ducks and kicks him in the back, making him stumble forward and right into Dean, who grabs his arms and yanks them behind the guy.
Dean nods. “Right. What about the room they stayed in. Was it the same room as Eli Cortese stayed in?”
Cas nods along, because really, what else can he do? He absolutely wants to watch any movie with Dean.
Dean gives him a small smile. The corner of his lips quirking up, eyes on Cas as he breathes out, “It’s from you, of course it is.”
Dean swallows and knows he should look away, but Castiel is staring at him while undressing.
„We wouldn’t be making out.“ He mumbles, lowering himself on the chair and avoiding both Jack’s and Cas’ eyes.
Her lips tremble for a second. “I- that’s not-”
“...’
The angel can hear Dean’s breathing, not so much as he can feel it, and it’s quickened by a considerable pace. Cas looks up towards Dean, their faces closer, and Dean’s eyes flicker to Cas’ mouth when he takes one nacho and sets it between his lips.
Castiel’s frown deepens.
The light flickers, in a million colours, more than the human eye can decipher, and Dean shields his eyes for a moment, when there is a flooding of it like a small explosion without the catastrophic consequences.
“We have to get back, Dean.”
Sam refuses to acknowledge that and Dean follows up with a rendition of “
"Just do it, Cas."
“You might even say he’s got a short fuse.” Dean nods, keeping up with Sam’s straight face.
The angel’s finger hovers over desserts, when he hears Dean say “I’ll have the bacon-egg sandwich, fries on the side and a coke, please.”
Castiel has his angel blade out, like a tiny toothpick, and has clenched his teeth.
Despite the size, Dean finds that he’s also glad for the fact, or he would’ve already had his ass handed to him.
The Argonauts and their perilous journeys across the seas of Mediterranean.
Against Cas’ forehead, he repeats as a whisper, “We have time.”
“That sounds lovely.” she replied, giving Cas his change.
Cas gives him a look, “That was terrible.”
Castiel trips over the bucket of water trying to fall into a jig of some sort and goes flying on the ground, hands waving around like a windmill.
“Sam, we’ve been at this for hours. I need some god-damn coffee.”
“Dean!” Castiel says again, this time muffled by Dean’s shirt as he comes up for air.
It’s hot and it’s cold.
“Cas, I said I’m fine. Leave it alone, okay?” there it is, the tired tone of his voice, like he’s ready to give up.
“I don’t think you had a reservation, gentlemen.” the guy says, swinging his sword he picks up form where he dropped it and it’s clear he knows how to use it. Cas swings out his angel blade, because Tony is no demigod, judging by the aura around him and a wooden stake would prove to be inefficient against a sword anyways.
“Fine. Be the seeker. I’ll be the snitch. Happy?” Castiel stretches his arms out, inviting him in and Dean gets up, crawling into his lap with his legs on both sides of Cas.
The angel moves closer, carefully, standing next to Dean and contemplating if he’d be okay with Cas putting his arms around him.
He almost falls into the hunter, his hands going behind his back to steady himself when Dean kisses him utterly breathless, his hands clutching at the old trench coat.
Sam and Dean fall asleep fairly quickly - no wonder here, considering how tired they are.
Prometheus bestowing fire unto the human race.
“There’s just not much room around here with me and my boyfriend,” she smiles, the gesture not reaching her eyes and Castiel steps closer.
Very quickly, Castiel says, “What are you doing?”
Cas can’t really read the expression, but it looks to be something close to astonishment.
“I think we might have most of it here, maybe even all of it. The Men of Letters are pretty prepared for stuff like this.” Sam says, nodding towards the bunker’s lower floors.
“Isn’t he the pirate?” Cas asks, when Tonto tries to bury the bodies, along with Reid’s not-so-dead one.
The hunter’s ankles are locked around Cas’ hips, hands around his neck and Dean leans in. “Thank you,” is all he says, before he kisses Cas.
And that’s that.
Jack’s completely oblivious and says „Are we going to the map room now?“
“Hey, the angel said it’s delicious. Eat your food.” Sam replies and Dean throws his hands up in defeat, taking a bite.
Cas watches as they eat and talk about a recent hunt.
“Max and Alicia Banes. They’re hunters, but Max is a witch. A good one. He might be able to reverse the spell.” Sam’s already dialling on the phone, while Dean glances at Castiel.
“You alright?” Sam asks as he sits up on the bed, rubbing at his leg and Castiel steps up.
Cas shrugs, “Thought it’d be funny.”
The old lady is handing him over a few bars of handmade soap, each with a different scent. Lavender is for Cas, because Dean likes it when the angel smells like Lavender.
“Yours?” the old lady asks, smiling warmly at him and following his gaze to the two people, who have now been joined by Sam, who’s showing a disgusted Dean some kind of green products and Claire, who’s nudging Jack and ruffling his hair.
She leaves her hands leaning onto the table, seemingly wanting to get closer as she speaks and Castiel tilts his head up a little, managing a shy smile. “Um, no thank you, just the hot dog is fine.”
They find themselves sitting at the edge of the bar, with drinks with those little umbrellas in them in hand, watching as the sun slowly lowers.
“Ah, hell.” Dean lets out, once he catches his breath. He looks Cas in the eyes and smiles, so hard it hurts, and shakes his head. “Way to ruin the mood. Yeah, that, Cas.”
Dean’s eyes go back down to the tape, eyeing it with a soft expression, finger going over the inscribed ‘
Before Dean can say anything (probably something stupid like ‘do me’), Castiel is standing there in his boxers and apparently, feels no shame about it.
Sam shakes his head, hair moving like there’s wind in them. “Nah, I’m good. Doesn’t even hurt.”
“So, we got nothing?”
Dean stares at Cas, hard, like he’s not backing down. And he isn’t.
Dean splashes him with water and Cas deflects it.
Cas finds that he’s, in his head, singing along to the track that’s listed 6th on the mixtape Dean gave him. Right between “
„He just went over-eager with the vacuuming.“ Sam is now also trying not to laugh.
He looks hurt and scared.
Castiel looks at Dean as they walk, back to his questioning face and shakes his head a little.
Dean’s hands still clutch at Cas’ other hand. There’s little to no space between them now.
The hunter is taken off guard, startling and going with a confused silence. Castiel rolls his eyes.
“So, have you thought about it? Anything else you...want?” she asks and her tone is an indication of something, Castiel is sure and by the looks of Dean’s slightly reddened face, it must be an insinuation of sexual actions.
He doesn’t dare to look Castiel in the eyes, but then something happens that he couldn’t anticipate.
Castiel’s fingers linger on his jaw when his other hand goes to take the glass from his hand, setting it on the counter next to them and Dean doesn’t know what to do.
“Thor is not half-god. He is a god. But this, Procrustes, he’s a demigod.” The angel says and Dean moves closer to him, next to Cas so he can peer at the pages.
as if he's about to ask what's so goddamn funny, but the words die out when Dean pulls Cas into his embrace and right against his lips.
“What is at the bottom, when we fall off the edge? What would I find there?” Castiel asks, clearly.
“Please?” Dean pleads with puppy eyes he learned from Sam and Castiel gives a surrendering sigh just as Jack comes in.
„Oh, come on.“ He exhales and Castiel turns around, smug as ever.
“They are not real.” Castiel’s voice is soft, like a breeze washing over him and Dean lets it. God be damned but he lets it because suddenly, he feels how tired he is. And he doesn’t have the strength to fight anymore.
One last time, when Heaven interferes and Dean Winchester will be saved once more.
He moves to go past Cas but as he goes, his hand involuntarily (or maybe voluntarily) brushes Castiel’s as he says, “Thanks, Cas.”
Dean chuckles, his hands around Cas (when did that even happen?) and draws a circular pattern onto his lower back above Cas’ swim shorts.
“Oh, hey, guys. I was just about to call you, I think I figured out what it is-”
„Something wrong?“
Once Castiel is deposited onto the bed in Dean’s room, he goes through his own closet, trying to find something that the angel of the lord could wear.
When Dean offers Castiel his palm to step on and go drink coffee together (meaning he drinks and Castiel tells him how coffee even came into being), announcing “Come on, Sunshine, daylight's wasting.”, Castiel most definitely smiles.
But the truth, he had always known. Cas knows and Dean knows it, too.
“You did,” Cas says with a poker face and Dean snorts.
He projected into being alone, not wanted and he related to the small, blue creature in his nature of destruction - referring to all the times Cas was controlled by Naomi, all the times he’d turned his back on the Winchesters. All the times he broke instead of fixing.
Dean slaps on his best smile. “Actually, I’m from the FBI.” he says, flashing his badge, “Agent Seger. I was wondering if I could speak to the manager?”
If they leave here, go back to Earth, Castiel will no longer be an Angel. No longer will he have his grace, his powers, the celestial form he’s been so used to, and has missed as it was previously and briefly taken from him.
With a roll of eyes, Sam had left and came back with cherry-chocolate ice cream for them all.
“Jack! Where is that kid,” Dean mumbles, setting down his bag once he gets down the stairs. “Jack! Kid! Get in here.”
Cas gives up trying to watch the movie and snakes his hands around Dean’s waist, pulling him completely onto his own chair, right in his lap and Dean makes a small, surprised noise, pulling back to look at Cas.
“Don’t you dare say a thing.” Castiel says and his voice is still his own, if a bit smaller and maybe a tone higher, but he certainly doesn’t sound like in one of those cartoons where someone gets shrunk down to the size of a pebble and then produces a comical squeaky voice belonging to Alvin and the Chipmunks.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You’ll look hot in them, I guarantee it.”
“What, like crackhead teenagers outside on the streets?”
Dean hums against him, content and Castiel feels a smile tug at his lips, it’s a new feeling and soon, Dean’s smiling too.
Now this one is definitely a play on words, Castiel realizes. He knows that a burger doesn’t always have to have the patty made from beef, but it can also be chicken and to Dean’s great dismay, fish.
Castiel trails his eyes over the hunter, he wonders when it’ll be a good time. Will there ever be a good time?
Dean looks up and his green eyes shine. “Thanks,” he mumbles and Castiel can feel the warmth emitting from the hunter.
And Cas leans in, giving him a kiss right on the lips and Dean takes the dishwashing liquid and the sponge at the same time from his hands. He hums against Cas’ lips.
Sam has an amused smile on his face and Dean sighs heavily.
“Shut your mouth.” Dean tells him harshly and Cas chuckles, letting him go so Dean can play the vinyl.
Dean draws a blanket over their backs, so they’re only half-shielded from the chill of the room and puts a hand around Cas’ neck, giving one earbud to him and putting his on. The hunters legs go over Cas' stretched out ones.
It’s an encouragement. Dean knows what Castiel’s grace means to him. He knows and he’s there for him. There for the Angel about to be stripped naked from his powers, the one thing that makes him who he is.
“Well, if you change your mind, just let me know, handsome.” she winks and turns on her feet, swaying a little as she walks.
Longing for someone constantly and never getting anything but small administrations of care, sparks of ‘maybe this is it?’ - it’s gotten him utterly tired and spent and the feeling of hopelessness seeps in.
And, just as he suspected, as the angel gazes upwards, he sees Dean mouth the exact same line, eyes widening and a smile adorning his lips. All signs point to the fact that Dean has already made up his mind.
“Dean stumbled onto the table and a book fell on his toes, opening on the exact page on the lore of Procrustes.” Castiel says, almost monotone and Dean sends him a glare.
He lets the grace in the vial slip into his own pocket, before his attention goes back to Dean, who is still holding his hand softly, even though the finger is now securely wrapped.
Cas opens his eyes and the blue shines just as it did when he was his normal size. He waves a hand lazily. “I do prefer it, actually. Less cheesy lines, more ass, though”
Sam shuts his laptop, contemplative. “Yeah, I wonder…” he takes a bite of his own burger.
Castiel’s gaze darkens a bit but he falls into Dean gently, kissing him once more. It’s sweet but it’s sensual. With a little flick of his tongue, Dean’s melting in his arms.
His hands grips onto him tight as Dean kisses him back with shattering enthusiasm, and Cas thinks
It’s not like he needs to eat. But, it would be sort of suspicious, if he doesn’t.
Every second is as painful as the last.
“There are other cases, like I said,” Sam goes on, ignoring his brother again, “two of them had the same M.O, but the other two… The legs and arms were cut off, just over the bed frame. The victims bled to death.”
After taking a step, a yelp later Sam succumbs to Castiel’s healing process after which they all go downstairs again and stand on the curb.
There’s always been something about Cas’ hands, Dean thinks. They look very… capable. Well, he’s seen Cas smite more beings than he can count, but they also look like they could be gentle. His fingers move along the papers and for some reason, it’s mesmerising.
But he’s come to realize that picking food is vital, in these endeavors into many various fast food chains.
His fingers let Dean’s arm go and Sam coughs.
Cas rolls his eyes at Dean’s comment and taps the DVD he rented from a nearby place. It’s funny, when he went to pick it up, he had no idea renting DVD’s were a thing.
“Great, you’re here, now take this thing and drive as far as possible.” Dean announces while Charlie comes over to hug him.
But his grace hums in him, through his veins and slowly but surely, he moves his hands to his head, letting them slow the pain and the damage.
Ayesha’s lips tighten, hands on her lap are fidgeting.
“Alright, let’s pack it up. Lights out in 10. That means you too, Cas.”
But then, the hunter opens his mouth. “I don’t like how you always feel the need to save me.”
He’s learned to deal with the one, Dean Winchester.
He feels thrilling shocks reach from the tips of his fingers towards his arms, his shoulders, his chest, everywhere.
But, he absolutely has to stay his ground in saying that old western movies can not be topped.
“Um, Dean?” he starts warily and the hunter does a little
Now, Dean's only half out of the car, when he's already shouting, "What the fuck are you doing, you dumbass?" and he gets his jacket stuck behind the seat belt and it makes him even angrier.
And Dean doesn’t know what sparked it but he’s liking it.
“All is fair in love and war.”
There are a few seconds of silence.
Because what happens if this doesn’t go the way Castiel thought it would? What will he do then?
“He didn’t mean anything by it, Ms. Cortese.”
And he feels a little better when Castiel allows a small smile on his lips.
“I don’t know how to dance, Dean,” he says, slightly panicking, but the hunter snorts, pointing to himself with their intertwined hands.
It’s never been like this.
“Damn it, Cas!” Dean says, taking off the needle from the vinyl, making the room fall into silence as the hunter glares at the angel. “Are you trying to give me a heart attack?”
Dean turns, with Castiel in his pocket, because they were supposed to leave on a hunt with Sam and the angel refused to be left behind. Dean couldn’t possibly be arguing with that level of sass or cuteness - besides, keeping an eye on him in his pocket couldn’t be that difficult.
“Don’t care.” he mumbles because well, he really doesn’t.
It’s not like Cas would say no, but to his surprise, he actually does want to see the movie again. Primarily because the first time, he missed some parts because he was busy staring at the hunter.
“By the way,” Procrustes continues, “What did you do to the demon?”
Dean makes a noise. “AC/DC? God, you’re amazing.”
Jack is standing next to the windowsill in the kitchen, with Castiel placed...on the soil in a flower pot.
Dean watches them go with such adoration on his face, Sam snaps his fingers.
Castiel’s hand is still cradling Dean’s cheek, moves to his jaw, the other has been released by Dean’s hands in favor of grabbing Castiel by the front of his jacket, so Castiel moves the ever so slightly injured hand around Dean’s waist in an effort to pull him closer.
Sam seems completely oblivious, smiling as he orders them out and talks over on what they’re supposed to be doing.
” and “
“Uh, Cas, not sure what you think you can do with that but-”
Roll credits.
that’s killing the ‘fun’, Mr. Grumpy. What, disappointed that another waitress isn’t picking you to be her one-night stand?” Sam asks, eyebrows going up and Castiel sees Dean tense.
“You sure know how to pick ‘em.” He then comments and Cas isn’t sure to what that applies.
He supposes that it’s a play on words and a take on the checkered flag which is used to start a race.
Just like Castiel raised him from the pits of hell and up into the light, when he chose to touch his soul in a way no Angel ever should, laying claim to a human like no Angel ever should.
He peers towards the angel, leaning against the wall gracefully, eyes shadowed with regret and apologies, looking towards Sam carefully.
“Maybe, but you liked that.”
Dean smiles and pats Jack on the back awkwardly. „Yeah, sure, no big deal.“
“Cas-” it’s a breath, falling out of Dean’s mouth, more a prayer than anything Castiel has ever heard, more of a promise he’s ever made and more, more than anything he’s ever witnessed.
’, and lets out a small chuckle.
Castiel’s getting better and better at reading the brothers.
Sam’s mouth is in a tight line, ready to burst out into laughter and Dean glares at him, points and says “Shut up, Sammy,” before he takes his burger and dives in.
Dean makes a noise, something between disappointment and relief.
“You’re kidding. Dude, I did the dishes the whole of last week, it’s your turn.”
, Castiel wants to say.
Did the corner of his mouth just twitch a little in a smirk?
Cas lets out a sigh as his head falls back, exasperated. “I don’t sound like that. And that was Jack.”
The angel makes a small, impatient noise. “Not half-dead from sleep deprivation, you’re not.”
And Jack really does think about it, for several seconds. His face then lights up. „I’d wanna solve mysteries, like Scooby and Shaggy!“ he says and boy, Dean wants to laugh.
“Or we wait until it wears off.” Sam muses, reaching out his hand to pull up his sleeve, examining the burn mark the witch had given him.
“Are you sure you don’t want anything else with that hot dog? We’ve got great fries, cheesy ones and bacon ones, and even sweet potato fries,” the waitress aims her question at Castiel, batting her eyelashes and the angel can detect a southern note in her voice.
And Dean, his eyes on Cas gentle, full of hope and full of everything Cas hoped they would one day be, rests his hands, finally, around Castiel’s middle, embracing and pulling him towards his own body.
Ayesha Cortese, the sister of the late Eli Cortese, is the younger of the two, about 24, Castiel guesses.
Castiel’s eyes go to Dean, when Procrustes speaks again, moving closer to Sam. “Ah, you’re one of my favorites. I mean, I’ve heard about the Winchesters of course, but I never imagined you being so tall. It’ll be fun, I’m sure.”
Now, seeing Dean come back from a hunt (alone, because that’s apparently what they do now), worn to the bone, something painful stings in Castiel’s heart again.
Cas snatches the box and puts the DVD into the machine that Dean’s taught him how to use. Dean grabs the nachos and sets them on his lap, beer in the other hand and reclines the chair a little bit.
“Jerk.” Sam mumbles, turning to do just that.
“I never promised you better.”
When it’s a Thursday night and they are sitting in the kitchen, Sam is rolling his eyes at Dean, which is something Cas has seen a billion times and that’s saying something. Considering he’s a very old celestial being.
It’s stupid, they’re not even talking about whatever it is they’re not talking about. It’s just a solo hunt that Dean went on.
Not to Dean, but to himself. Say goodbye to what he was. Not forgetting, but accepting and letting go.
Cas isn’t aware that he’s been holding his breath and releases it.
“Little fellow?” Dean asks in disbelief, not approving in the slightest, but shuts up when Castiel’s admonishing gaze burns right through him.
The angel has crossed his arms and is tapping his little foot. So adorable.
The hunter’s hands flex, they move when he moves, and they are like mountain ridges that change according to the motions of Dean. It’s hard to concentrate, when Dean stands, hands going to his hair to shake off the sand from within, when those emerald green eyes fix themselves on Cas and the former angel takes it all in.
The angel tilts his head a little and Dean’s mouth on his pushes further, more intently, until Dean is almost not on his own chair anymore.
A man, in Heaven’s bounds, looking up at an Angel not with piety or fear, but with devout determination to make him understand - beautiful, however flawed.
Dean shakes his head fondly. „Yeah, sure thing.“
Dean bites his lip as Castiel already grumbles under his breath and tries not to snort. He lowers his voice into a mysterious whisper, leaning into Jack as if telling a secret.
Cas stands for another few seconds before he goes back to the table, opening a book.
Suddenly, Dean’s up and going towards the shelf with all the vinyls and beer bottles he’s kept because they have cool labels on them, bullets with inscriptions on them, that one weird-shaped rock Cas once found on the ground and Dean insisted on putting it on the shelf, and reaches out in search of something, rummaging around.
Dean tries not to stare as Castiel reaches up to blow the dust off some older maps, the skin exposed as the shirt rides up.
“About time,” Castiel beams back.
“That one?” Castiel questions, the ominous black cover standing out.
“I apologize. I don’t need light to see in the dark so I just didn’t turn it on.”
Dean’s not sure where the hell Cas learned to do that (and cares even less about the controlling way he’s handling Dean), but there’s not much more room in his brain right now than ‘holy shit, is this happening’ and ‘fuck’.
Dean deflates. “Oh? Something as simple as murder had slipped your mind, then?” he tries for sarcasm with the right amount of charm.
“Bitch,” Dean replies calmly and Castiel does his signature cough, pointing at Jack.
“You brought it up.” Castiel observes quite intelligently.
Celebrating Halloween every year by dressing up as any of the monsters they’ve ever slayed and then watching a very, very bad version of Dracula in the Dean-cave.
When Dean sleeps, he’s vulnerable. And, he talks in his sleep.
Castiel closes his eyes and ignores them both, when Dean gives him a wink.
Castiel is so in thought, he almost jumps when the person behind the stall he’s standing at speaks up. “That’ll be 8 dollars, sir.”
“It’ll be so weird, seeing the angel of the lord wearing sweats,” Dean laughs.
Dean’s confused for a moment, but then the woman points the pencil in her hand to herself and Dean gives a slightly awkward chuckle. “Oh, you’re the- well, nice to meet you.” he reaches a hand and she takes it.
He’d paved his own demise long ago, but that’s not Dean’s fault. Dean’s only fault was exposing his own truths to Castiel in the way that made the Angel believe that what he set out for could be achieved - that
“Um, looking great. Now maybe put some pants on, or Sam will have a heart-attack.” Or I will, Dean thinks.
“The one angel to rule them all.”
“Dean, there were no prints on the crime scene, all of the hotel staff were accounted for and had alibis and the windows and doors were all shut. This is a monster-related thing, I know it. Besides, I feel like I’ve read about something like this before.”
Then, Dean’s low voice reaches him and it’s one word. “No.”
But Sam is out, running, and it’s just Dean and Cas in the bunker.
“I didn’t really know what to call it. I know a lot of people put something meaningful on it, but I didn’t really-” he doesn’t get a chance to finish, because Dean looks up, shaking his head furiously.
“Go.” Castiel tells him now and Dean doubts for only a split second but Cas can see him eye the sword hesitatingly so Cas says, louder, “Go.” and Dean does.
Castiel stares for one moment, beside his bed. The light coming from the window behind him illuminates Dean’s face only half-way. His right side covered in the glow, left side in darkness.
, too. But not before you’ve seen
Dean’s fingers go over the tracks listed, a small smile growing on his face. He stops at no. 3, ‘
Only that he can’t.
“It’s… different, every time. Sometimes, a monster kills ‘em. Sometimes it’s angels. Last night, I-” Dean feels a lump in his throat. None of it is real. Never has been. “Last night, it was me. I killed- I killed you and then went after Sammy. And afterwards, I always sit alone, in the dark, covered in blood. Whether something else has killed you, or me. Always covered in blood.”
“It should suffice…” Castiel trails off when Sam answers the phone.
When Jack and Dean blink their big eyes at him from across the table, Cas gives in.
After a few seconds, they’re all breaking into song, even Jack (who is well educated on Queen songs thanks to Dean).
Castiel straightens up and stretches, his eyes glowing blue and the faint shadow of his wings is produced by the small candle-light on the table.
They don’t exchange a lot of words such as this, nothing very profound or loving or sweet, but Cas has found that Dean is one of the sweetest people in the world, if he wants to be.
Sometimes, it’s this.
Dean likes to think he knows how to push people away.
He opens his eyes to see Dean blinking and then turning to the table full of vinyls, deep in thought.
They’re clumsy, but they manage to swing in a very slow kind of way - like they both are extremely afraid of stepping onto the others foot, or stumbling.
“I can still smite your ass.”
This is just rain.
“I can do that,” Castiel offers to wash the dishes but Sam is quick to decline.
Like the miny-model version of the Impala.
“Like, make your grace glow and use your wings and all that.” Jack asks.
Instead, he just steps a little closer. Just a fraction. He can feel Dean’s breath on his face and wishes that he could just hug him, nothing more.
The most recent one has become a big thing, though. It’s not like a tradition but it’s a thing between Dean and Cas, and eventually between all of them.
Dean rolls his eyes, stretching his hands above his head and giving a sigh of relief. Castiel can see a sliver of his skin along the line of his jeans and the ridden up flannel. It’s soft and looks vulnerable, but Castiel wouldn’t mind tracing a finger over it.
“I know you want to walk away and I know you don’t want to talk. I’m asking you not to. Can you at least do that?” he asks Dean and the hunter’s lips tremble a little when he takes in a breath.
“Yeah, he’s pretty damn sure.” Dean now says, louder and a little hostile, eyes on their waitress who chews her gum and makes a small bubble, bursting it.
Castiel observes how his steps ring heavy on the stairs, how he moves his head from side to side, straining his neck as if trying to get rid of the painful cracks. His spine is slightly slumped, his face seems tired and almost like he hasn’t slept in a while.
“I suppose.” Castiel hesitates, but then he closes his eyes.
“What?”
Sam rolls his eyes at them and they settle down, the brothers bickering about who gets to sit in the center and hold the popcorn, while Cas sits in the right-side recliner, an amused smile on his face.
The angel is dripping wet, the trench-coat soaked and his eyes on Jack are apprehensive.
But Castiel explains with a painful patience, that he would not be returning to earth along with Dean.
It’s like a visual representation of the actual bond he feels he has with Dean and somehow, it’s driving him crazy.
It happened accidentally at first. Castiel was going around the counter with a hot coffee pot while Dean was rounding the same corner, making the angel almost drop the entire thing. He clutched the pot and hissed in his morning, grumpy voice: “Watch where you’re going, stupidhead”.
Dean's heartbeat says it all for him.
His eyes go about the room and notices the wooden stake on the floor. Dean’s.
Dean pockets it.
Not because they are exactly what he wants to hear but because he is selfish enough to want them. To want for Dean to want him.
Castiel tilts his head, he leans against the door heavily and thinks. He’s done nothing but think these last couple of months.
Sam and Dean admit to their loss and Sam goes over to his bed, while Dean goes to shower and brush his teeth.
Suddenly, Castiel’s skin is covered with fabric and his new shirt is in place.
Castiel peers around the corner and opens his mouth to say that, yes, probably it was the Tony guy, just as a man swings at him with what seems to be a long and heavy sword.
Sam laughs, short and low. “He means the waitress was checking you out,
“Fine, your leg okay?” Dean asks, his good hand going to touch Sam’s right ankle.
“Not that being an angel ever stopped you from being a big-old sof-”
“Um, sir?” the boy’s voice cracks a bit and Dean suppresses a smile.
“So any passers-by? That’s why there was no connection between the vics?” he muses now, thinking, but Castiel shakes his head.
Dean swears he sees the smug bastard smile at him from the corner of his eyes, but doesn’t pay mind to it.
He’s been waiting for this since… forever.
“You idiot, I’m trying to kiss you.”
“Yeah, yeah. What are you doing out here sulking anyways?” Dean asks, he looks unhurt, for the most part. The way he moves around Castiel is careful now, like he might be afraid to say or do anything.
“You two are absolute idiots. And nerds. Nerdy idiots.” Castiel resents, but he’s having a hard time being mad at the squealing nephilim on the ground.
But Jack isn’t paying attention to their crude language, he’s approaching Cas and leans close to him. His finger hovers in the air between them and Dean can see how much willpower it takes for Castiel not to get pissed.
Looking back up, he smirks at the angel. “Nope, but I’m not parting from them.”
“That’s okay. It’s very thoughtful of you, but I’m sure Max can help.” Castiel says gently, then turns to Dean.
After a beat, Dean laughs. A short but joyful laugh and he steps back into Castiel’s space and put his forehead on the angel's.
But this
Castiel eyes the menu suspiciously, but this isn’t the first time they’ve entered a small bistro with questionable looks and got delivered the best food in town.
“Well, of course. Although, you already have,” she says ever so sweetly, her eyelashes fluttering and leaning over the counter slightly.
Sam points to the shirt as well, innocent. “A t-shirt? Here, I got you one as well. And Cas.”
Castiel laughs, when Dean kisses him again, clashing their teeth together.
Sam snorts. “Cas, that’s not a good thing.”
„Maybe the trench coat should stay.“ He says, weakly, because if Cas plans on not wearing the thing and letting Dean see everything underneath, they might find themselves in a pickle.
“Open them.”
Dean’s eyes are on him. “I’m here. I’m always gonna be here.”
Dean stares at the water drops that drip from Cas' hair and down to his lips and Dean's hand goes around the man's waist. Cas, honest to god, giggles and Dean thinks he should be able to put that on a mixtape.
He eyes the man, who’s now playing with the napkin holder and successfully knocks it over, almost spilling the small figurine of a cook, carrying a barrel full of toothpicks. Dean glances towards the restaurant staff, to make sure no one saw his mishap and replaces the napkin holder as it was.
The angel observes the tight line on Dean’s face, but other than that, there’s nothing to indicate that Dean might not be serious. He’s smiling and his green eyes are already averted from Cas to the lamp light above.
Castiel lets himself be lost in it.
“Dean, I promise, if you do this, I will do that thing you like-”
Before Dean can start the movie, he clears his throat to get his attention.
“Um,” Dean tries again, when Castiel starts taking his pants off.
Castiel says nothing, but it gives him a sense of courage suddenly. He squeezes Dean’s fingers for a moment. And Dean squeezes back.
He pouts. “If I’m the sunshine, you won’t need the sun.”
Her name tag reads “
This saves Dean and he scurries in first, hiding the blush creeping on his cheeks.
, engrossed in the screen, pushing the buttons on the remote.
“Why does Cas look like a mini-him?” Jack asks, confused and Dean snorts.
He reaches the reception table, touching the dusty bell there with one finger gingerly.
When Cas pulls back his eyes glow, literally, even though he's not an angel anymore. They still glow, Dean swears they do. His smile is something that makes Dean feel all warm and fucking fuzzy inside. And it's amazing.
And Cas does.
“That could take weeks, or something.” Dean said then, “Although, I gotta say, it’s fun being the giant for a change.”
“You made a deal so he would cover your tracks and you’d get to keep on killing. In return you spared him his life.” Castiel clarifies and props up further. His eyes are on the woman but he’s already pinpointed how much time exactly it would take him to get to the stake.
Let’s not talk about how an angel is in love with a hunter, because such things are not to be talked about.
“So we’ll meet back at our motel, then?” Sam asks Dean, now obviously trying not to burst into laughter.
"It's picking up speed. Do you also have butterflies in your stomach?" Cas jokes in a gentle, soft whisper and Dean laughs.
Dean looks towards him, taking a breather and Castiel locks eyes with him. Dean’s hands go to his trench coat and hold on to the lapels, while the hunter looks up.
Cas feels positively gleeful.
Somehow, Castiel feels like this time, it’s stretched the string between them so far it’s threatening to snap and the angel is close to leaning over and cutting the cord himself.
“At least she won’t call my car crappy. I consider that thoughtful.”
Dean’s hand around his neck reaches towards his face a bit, the thumb skirting the outer edge of Cas’ mouth and Dean smirks. “Like I said, a dork. Let’s get this party going.”
“Dean,” Cas says with his low voice reverberating through Dean and the hunter swallows down what could’ve been a whimper.
First rule of Dean Winchester,
It might have been just days, maybe months but it felt like years to Castiel.
Dean sighs and throws his hands up in surrender and gives Cas a look. “He’s your kid.” he tells him and saunters to a safe distance from the spider’s lair.
Well, okay, to be fair this witch wasn’t that powerful. He just got the drop on them. It’s also absolutely no-one’s fault that Sam tripped on his big-ass feet and knocked Dean over with him, leaving Cas to defend their honour.
“Coming from the grown man who raced me into the sea.”
“What, I’m not my best self?” Dean asks, smiling his best smile and stretches out his hands, like he’s displaying himself.
She raises one perfect eyebrow at Dean and smiles at his defiant pose, one hand on the table in a fist. “Alright, just asking, tough guy. I’ll be back with your meals soon enough.”
Still, he looks towards the angel and when Castiel looks back, Dean is once again struck by the blueness of them. How can they be so blue? So transparent?
But when Dean’s lips find his it’s all of the answers he needed and even more questions.
“So wooden sticks dipped in lamb blood?” Dean is already calling Sam, while Castiel goes to their bags, rummaging through them.
“We’re at a beach. We’re supposed to be swimming.” he gives Dean his most patronizing look, but the hunter just lies there, eyes closed, with a peaceful smile on his face.
“Well,” Dean says proudly, delivering his line, “If you’re the snitch, then I’m the seeker, ‘cause you’re the one I’ve been looking for.”
Sam doesn’t look any better, sitting on the edge of the bed, books open and eyes slowly blinking.
“Is that a problem?” Castiel now asks, leaning back and studying Dean like he’s a goddamn piece of a map or something.
Dean’s smile is small and guarded, but his eyes are soft, as his one hand finds it’s way to Cas’ cheek and the angel closes his eyes for a moment.
And when he stands there, in the fucking rain and under Cas' trenchcoat, in this goddamn cliché scene, he reaches up to kiss him again. To kiss Cas as long as he wants.
Castiel’s eyes go so wide that it would be comical, if Dean weren’t so incredibly turned on.
“If you think you’re going to lose me, that will never happen.” Castiel says gently and he means it. Dean could call him names and ask him to leave the Bunker but he’d never be completely gone.
“I don’t even want to know what that means.” Sam says, making a face while Castiel stares a hole into Dean.
Castiel moves an inch closer and Dean braces himself for whatever blackmail is coming at him.
Dean hums, like he’s deep in thought and taps on the vinyls, like he isn’t even aware that Castiel is hugging him from behind.
Cas moves towards the stake and Procrustes catches his movement, swinging around and the blow directed at Sam swings towards him and hits him directly onto his side, making him scream out and fall to the floor, right next to the stake that’s out of reach.
Sam rolls his eyes. „Guys, we can’t just ’use your grace’ everytime there’s a minor inconvenience. Besides, it’ll be good for us. Physical work.“
’ in a way that she’d understand and would not be hurt, but he’s never really had to do something like that before. “I’m good, thank you.”
“Uh-uh. I would not do that.” She says, her hammer hovering over Sam’s head, who’s jaw is clenched and his eyes staring wildly towards Dean and Cas, flickering between them.
Cas copies his movement, doing the same to his chair, but Dean says nothing, only smiles when the movie starts and gives Cas a little glance.
Dean’s fingers twitch, the warmth of Castiel’s hand makes him want to curl them around his fingers, hold his hand just like he did last night. Did that even happen?
Dean stores this away. He knows she’s lying, because Sam had said the last incident was two years back.
Dean’s eyes go wide as he sees him and his eyes go over his brother's tall, tan figure. Sam is also wearing beach shorts, but there’s something else.
It’s everything to Cas.
It's wet and Dean's cold as fuck because he isn't even wearing a coat, but his lips are on fire.
But, Cas still speaks. Dean can hardly hear it over the fucking flood.
“Yeah, yeah. Takes one to know one.” Dean says, bidding Jack a goodbye, before he moves to the Impala, a big smile on his face.
When Dean pulls back, Cas’ breath has been stolen away effectively, leaving him gazing at the vivid, green eyes, the small crinkles at the corners and the slope of Dean’s nose. The tiny freckles adorning that nose and cheeks.
Castiel bites his lips and looks away for a moment. “Um, well. Sam helped. I didn’t really know how to- but I picked all the songs, obviously.”
He swallows, feeling as if speech has abandoned him completely, but maybe none of the words he has to say will do Dean any justice.
Sam side-eyes him, but takes the plate and goes to the sink.
“You think you can’t, but I just think you couldn’t. Before. I don’t care if you’re broken, Dean, because we all are. As you once said to me.” the angel now tells him but not unkindly. He reaches out his other hand and when it rests on Dean’s cheek, the hunter looks at him with panic.
“Race ya,” Dean says, a mischievous glint in his eyes and he’s gone.
Castiel pulls back and mumbles a “Thank you,” around the chip, making a crunch sound as he chews it.
Jack’s face lights up ridiculously and Dean feels a warmth towards the kid. He notices Cas watching their interaction from the corner of his eyes, a gentle smile on his lips.
“They helped.” Dean says, like it’s nothing, but then he looks up towards the sky, “And I couldn’t thank ‘em enough for it.”
“I- I do not!” Dean protests but then, Cas is back and Sam snickers.
He puts the record on, carefully placing the needle and Castiel watches the movements - they’re precise and Dean is taking extra care whilst doing it.
After everything, after all the words, nothing does Dean Winchester justice. So all Cas can do is stare and admire.
“So, there’s a monster who is killing people by either dislocating their members or cutting them off?” Castiel asks, lowly and Sam nods.
They both pretend like those incidents have never happened.
“Or, maybe we could talk about the case now?” Sam points and Dean rolls his eyes.
“I thought we were watching the movie? Who was literally complaining about that like a second ago?” he asks, his eyebrows quirking up, victorious glint in his eyes.
Cas kicks at the sword that Tony is reaching for and drives his angel blade right through his heart, the demon screaming as he withers into nothing.
The old building looks about ready to collapse, but the local sheriff had said that there are about 5 vampires in the nest.
“You’re gonna hurt yourself, Dean.” Sam says, not sounding particularly worried but more like he’s talking to a teenager.
As soon as it’s in his hands, Dean is next to him. Castiel stares up at him, inclining his head and Dean takes out the knife in his jacket.
He doesn’t feel pain - the grace leaves him voluntarily and he suspects that Jack’s has some pull here as well, making it as painless for him as possible, for which he is grateful.
Dean shakes his head, bringing him closer with one swoop movement and says “Shut up and dance with me, Cas.”
“I’m sorry for your loss, Ms. Cortese, but we have just some elaborative questions for you, if you don’t mind.”
“I felt that captured your essence pretty accurately, yes.” Cas tells him, but he isn’t very good at making it pan out as a joke, because he’s still anxious.
Dean’s head nods along with the song and he laughs suddenly, when Cas is mouthing the words.
Dean raises a hand to his forehead, because contrary to what he just said, there’s still some sun rays that make him squint at Cas, so he blocks them, and smiles brightly.
TW for Alcoholism discussion and recovery
Dean didn't respond except to turn on the radio. Sam sighed again.
I'M BACK BITCHES
“Cas, is this…” Dean began, unable to turn his eyes from the spectacle above him.
Cas was silent before a long moment, seeming to need to brace himself before he spoke.
“We won't know until we try. Besides, Crowley hasn't thrown in with Lucifer.” Dean said with certainty.
“I wasn’t jealous.” Dean turns off the main road, heading for the bunker.
This is a post-finals gift for the lovely superwholocked-in-albion. This idea came from the fact that the power of love is a thing in lore across cultures, and I like the idea of Cas needing some lovin' to get his mojo back in order. That said, this is easily the cheesiest, fluffiest thing I have ever written. I hope you enjoy!!
Dean climbs under the covers at last, smiling at Cas as he does. When their lips come together, it is effortless, and it is everything Cas has ever wanted. He lets hands rest on the bare skin of Dean’s waist, slipping under his shirt. Cas kisses Dean’s cheeks and his brow and his jaw, mumbles encouragement against his temple as Dean runs his fingers through his hair and rubs the back of his neck. Dean reaches down, brushes his knuckles over the burgeoning hardness in his sleep pants, and it’s wonderful and it is awful all at once. Cas’ arousal is still there, but now every touch feels wrong, the beating of his heart and the swooping in his belly no longer pleasant but incredibly loud. He rolls away from Dean and Dean immediately releases him.
Sam does let himself smile then and hits the call button. Jack picks up first ring.
"The colors are pleasing," Cas argued, holding his lights close. "The family on the box are very happy with the glow." He glanced down at the box again to prove his point. "We should get a tree."
EILEEN: Want me to come over?
“I’m not getting drunk off of a couple of beers, Cas.” Dean says unrepentantly, tilting his head back to chase the last few drops down, the evening light caressing his throat and casting shadows with his eyelashes. “This isn’t even the good stuff. It’s basically kiddie juice.”
“I know of them. I think I might know what you have in mind.” There was a hint of hesitation in Crowley's voice. “I think we'd be better off discussing this in person. More secure, you understand.”
“You know, you didn’t have to come.” Dean says, nettled by Cas’ irritability.
“But you like them. I saw on the television- you are meant to get your loved ones the things they enjoy to earn forgiveness. I did not wish you to be angry with me any longer.” He frowned again. “It might have worked if Metatron had not come for me. If I hadn't been so foolish. And if there had been pie.” Castiel looked mournfully at Dean, then back at the floor, and the hunter thought he looked like a little boy asking for assurance that he was loved after breaking a vase in the living room.
"Of course we would, Jack." Sam hurries to answer. He's translating for Dean as well, Jack thinks. Worried that Dean's abrasiveness would make Jack sad like he'd been when Castiel had been dead and Dean had hated him. He shouldn't worry so much.
to Castiel, a sense of anger (almost rage) that Lucifer had used Castiel's body to touch Dean in a way that Castiel himself had never dared. Lucifer snorted.
“The lore…” Dean snorts and then shakes his head, looking up at the sky where the first stars are appearing. “Christ.”
“It is a bit of a thing, yeah.” Sam allows a hint of humor into his voice.
Mary's eyes are red and she nods, pressing close to John. John looks at Sam, who nods at him sadly. Then he turns his gaze back to Dean, and Dean nearly trembles, having the strength to stand still only because of Cas now standing at his side.
“Jack did all that?” Dean mused, looking around at the broad, open concept that was the new Heaven. Bobby- *his* Bobby, he thought with some wild glee- raised his bottle of beer in salute.
“Bees are essential to plants
“You said you couldn’t have what you wanted. I say different.” Dean watched Cas’ eyes widen, clocked them tracing over his face and darting to his lips. He leaned in, his nose brushing against the angel’s. “I can’t promise you the world. Cas. I can’t promise to be everything you want. But I really, really want to try. It was never a good time before. But now?” He nudged Cas’s nose with his again. “Can we try?”
“You are. I rebuilt you, Dean. I remade your body and healed your soul, and you are the most amazing thing that I have ever done.” The warmth from Cas' hand spread from Dean's face to the rest of his body, and somewhere in the back of his mind Dean felt Cas' grace wrapping around him to shield him from the cold. Once again, Dean found himself speechless.
“I told you, I don’t want the fucking soup, Cas.” Dean’s sharp voice rose above the music and action sounds coming from the TV (one of the newer Star Trek movies, Sam recognized). Not so much a good sign then.
“Cas?”
“I am proud of you, Dean. I want you to know that. These past weeks have been difficult for you. I should not have assumed.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say, Cas.” Dean’s fingers tighten on the steering wheel. They will be home in less than ten minutes.
While Jack and Dean set up the board game, Cas takes the aforementioned cube in hand, removing it from its plastic casing. As he turns the colorful squares along their axis, he frowns at the game on the table.
“You hate research.” Sam counters. Dean considers this for a moment, before swiping at his lips and turning away.
"What the hell?" Dean's voice was confused, bordering on suspicious as Sam quickly put the groceries away. "Is this a joke?"
"Oh." Cas scowled, but did not put the box down. "Dean will not hate these. The colors will make the Bunker more homely."
Dean shut up and worked his jaw for a moment.
"You've- you don't need to heal our stubbed toes, Cas. Everyone gets them, they're only bruises." Sam rubbed a hand over his face. Castiel's mojo had been a bit inconsistent since he reappeared from Purgatory. He didn't need to waste it on something so small.
“I did.” Dean works his jaw. “I didn’t even realize it was in there until you grabbed it, man. I must have just… I don’t know, not been paying attention, grabbed it out of habit. I wouldn’t have had any.”
Sam spares a brief smile for the cashier as he pays and hurries back to the car. Setting the Gatorade in the passenger seat, he takes a minute to breathe, to recenter himself. When he gets back home, he cannot have these worries at the forefront. He needs to be able to focus on Dean’s recovery. He needs to be a source of strength for his big brother now, and for Cas. He inhales the familiar scent of the Impala, the leather seats and the faintest scent of gunpowder from the trunk. He turns the car on, listens to the engine purr. Although he doesn’t need it, he also turns on the heat, just so he can listen to the stupid Lego pieces in the vents rattle.
"Can we talk about it in the morning?" he murmurs against Cas' mouth. Cas kisses back, earnestly and thoroughly.
“Sam.” Dean is pushing himself into a sitting position now. Sam knows the request for a full report when he hears it.
“I don't get it either,” Sam said, taking a bite of his burger. “But then, Cas hasn't really been in the best state mentally lately, have you noticed? Lucifer must have got to him somehow- I know first hand how manipulative he can be.”
"I want this, Dean." Cas says firmly, intensely, his too blue eyes boring into Dean's and Dean's not ready to handle this, he's not, but Cas keeps going. "I want to be human. With you. I want to eat your burgers and learn how to shoot. I want to be Jack's father and Sam's brother. I want to sleep and dream, even when the dreams won't always be good. I want... I want whatever this is between us. I want you; don't you doubt that."
Dean was a man of his word. He’d poured out the “hard stuff”. He had promised to stop drinking “to excess.” He’d never said anything about the beer.
Dean supposes he can use their new deal to keep Cas in line. If Dean couldn’t have his night cap, then Cas has to brush his teeth. He snorts a moment later, getting out of bed to tend to his own morning routine and dismissing the idea. That could stay Sam’s fight. Dean would stay in his lane, continuing to educate Cas with movies and music, with the added benefit of drawing sweet kisses from his lips…
interesting if he wasn't so busy trying to make himself breathe. "We are going to eat Mary's dish. You will enjoy the privilege of time with your wife and sons. And then we will crush that pearl and return you to 2003." Cas turns his head from John to face Dean. "I am sorry, Dean, but the temporal distortions will only grow. For now they are confined to Lebanon, but soon they will consume the world. Mary will disappear. People you've saved will die. You and Sam will lose your memories of this time and find yourselves on a different path, as you saw in town before. And I... Well, I don't know what will happen to me. But I do know I would rather die as I am, with you, than return to what I was before we met."
Sam’s lips were twitching as he lumbered forward to embrace their son, but Dean and Cas stayed stock still, as though they were sizing each other up. Jack tugged on Sam’s sleeve.
“Wait, we can’t build it yet!” Jack rushes to stop Dean. “That’s not how you play.”
Dean is off to a rocky start. Jack wants to play a game. Castiel is trying to figure out what all this human thing means.
Jack looks up when one of the children in the park he is in shrieks. It's a little boy and he's fallen off one of the climbing structures. Jack reaches out a hand instinctively, to fix, to
At the end of the night, they still have to crush the pearl, send John back to 2003. It's one of the hardest things Dean has ever done. He hugs his father tight, pushing aside all the fear and the anger just to hold his dad again. Sam does too. They take a photo- John won't remember this as any more than a dream, but he wants his boys to have this time when they were a family. He even nods his thanks to Cas when he offers to take it. And then John is gone, and Mary is weeping quietly into Sam's shoulder. Sam gives Dean a look, and Dean knows they will be talking about the Malak box again. Cas sits up with Dean that night, and they say nothing at all.
Sam watches as Cas leaves the room and waits to hear Dean’s door open and close again before he lets out the groan he’s been holding in, rubbing his hands over his face. He turns off the television and sets everything to rights in the den before he leaves, taking the now cold bowl of tomato rice soup with him to dump out. He catches himself wishing for a drink, and instead picks up his phone to text Eileen. He has two messages waiting for him from Jack.
"If I can't heal you, you will do irreparable damage to yourself if you continue at this rate. Dean... I've healed your liver, your pancreas, even your heart, more times than I can count. I can no longer do that. I am begging you, please. I cannot watch you destroy yourself.”
Lucifer reassured. Then he smirked inwardly.
“No! It’s not like I pushed it in all the ten-odd years that it’s been a problem.” Sam runs his hand through his hair. “The end of the world isn’t a good time to get sober. And the world has kind of been ending almost every day for us til recently.”
“Yes.” Cas begins to sign along with his speech for Eileen. “I was thinking of starting a garden. Just a small one, outside the bunker. Some flowers for the bees to pollinate, maybe some herbs.”
He doesn’t let himself hope that Cas will come home to him. But the first time Miracle digs up some weeds, Dean gently pulls him away and plants flowers in their place. Cas would like them, he knows. Before long, between Miracle’s (targeted) digging and Dean’s planting, there is a respectable garden going. Dean thinks about how Cas would harvest some of the vegetables for “sandwiches of solidarity” if (when) he came back, and he smiles.
Miracle barks once, and nudges Dean’s hand with his nose.
This is ridiculous, of course. Castiel has had sexual intercourse before—with the Reaper, April, with Daphne Allen, even a brief, frenzied moment of not-quite-passion with Crowley as they were hunting Lucifer (he was not proud of that one). He has observed humanity for thousands of years, and he does not think that anything could happen between Dean and himself in the bedroom that would surprise him after all of that.
“Especially me.” Cas corrected gently. “I've… gone off the reservation, Dean. To you, I may not seem so, but I am not the same angel I was when we met. I know,” Cas was swift to cut off Dean's protest before it began, “that you feel this change is a good thing; I do too. The fact remains, however, that my grace has been fundamentally altered for it.” Cas dared to meet Dean's eyes for a moment before returning his gaze to his hands. “I am not meant to feel the way I do. An angel's love is meant to be pure, but cold. Distant. All-encompassing, rather than directed towards singular beings. But it has been years since I have loved that way, and years since receiving that sort of love has been truly satisfying to me.”
“I'm sorry, Dean. I know this makes you uncomfortable, but at this point I feel full disclosure might be best. I do not expect you to return my feelings, I only thought that you should be aware of them, given everything else I've revealed.”
“Crowley does what he has to do to keep kicking, but I guarantee you he still wants Lucifer gone.” Dean said, sliding into the driver's seat. He turned on the heat against the winter chill and listened a moment to the legos rattling in the vents. “Look, if it goes sideways, we'll deal with it. But right now this is our best chance at helping Cas. That has to be our priority here.”
Finally, God agreed. The four archangels went to battle with their Father, and it was a battle that raged across the cosmos. One particularly momentous engagement had shattered the planetoid that became Saturn's rings. Sometimes the Darkness would retreat for centuries, and life on Earth would blossom. Father made a million lesser angels, and set his great plan for Life in motion. During the last of these lulls, Lucifer got to see his dinosaurs walk the Earth. They were large and beautiful and varied and Lucifer often took his younger siblings down to perch on the mountains and watch them live. He and Uriel loved to play with the long-necked Brachiosaurs, and to fly along side the winged Pterodactyls, using their own wings to create gusts of wind that would blow the pterodactyls off course- but only for a moment, because Lucifer's dinosaurs were strong and would always right themselves in moments. Michael often chided him for thinking in such possessive terms.
"8-9-7-9-7-3-6-7-6-5-6-4-6-3-6-3-6-2-7-6-9. h---y, it's fading."
"So." Dean said.
The next day, Jo, Benny, Cas, Gabe, Charlie, and Dean sat around their lunch table, Dean with his prosthetic half unclasped. He'd eaten everything except his sandwich and Cas, Gabe, and Jo had done the same. Gabe brought his own lunch, Charlie had gotten a salad, and Benny chowed down on his sandwich with no reserve.
Neat. "How do I get there?"
Dean picked it up. Again, it had his name on it, but no return address. He opened it and found yet another journal page. He put it with the others and carried on. He left her apartment and boarded the elevator, going up to the fifth floor. He walked into 501 first- just to check it out. On the floor was a broken, empty birdcage on its side. If Dean didn't know better, he would think that the last bird it housed fought its way out.
"Can you answer a few questions first? Then," Dean gulped, "Then I'll do it. I'll... end the pain for you."
ws on you, because you seem a little friuty yourself."
"She was one of my best friends throughout highschool. Along with Gabriel. She was the one that called the police that night, but it messed her up. Bad." Dean explained.
"No. No. No! No!" the ghost screamed, "she's here!"
"Oh my, it's been a very long time since I've had this body." Her accent was thicker than the older woman's, "I have to thank you, Dean. You've given me another 500 years."
She turned away from her computer, concerned. "Dean, nothing like that happened. Are you okay? Did you get enough sleep last night?"
"You must learn from my mistakes. Do not take the same path we once did. For everyone you love, everything you are, Dean. We are counting on you. 73 hours. Be prepared. yjw gddgy skoo flg skgy okdw."
Dean didn't know how to respond to that, so he just left. He walked next door to Mr. Addisons's and knocked on the door.
"Why are you crying?" She asked him.
"Dean, I'm not entirely sure what you're talking about."
"Well, I never!" she shouted, her voice shrill, "how would you feel if I asked about your freaky round head? Shoo, go away!"
Dean let hope blossom in his chest. The last time he'd seen Sam was before the incident in Kansas, over 20 years, he hadn't even remembered he'd existed.
As he walked, he saw bones scattered around on the ground. It looked like they were both animal and human, but he also spotted an ambulance- and none of it mattered. He ran towards it, although blood covered the back. Dean knew that ambulances help people, so he crawled into the open doors- hoping to find an adult that could help him and his face filled with agony.
"I'd actually like to help instead. C'mon man, I won't tell anyone- You gotta talk to someone, eventually." Dean was uncomfortable, but it felt like the right thing to say.
"My daddy gave it to me, he said it'd protect me from evil stuff."
In the next section the voice read, "The child will only slow us down. He will never follow us with his father's treacherous blood running through his veins."
LONG CHAPTER! Whoop As always Warnings at the end. Plus a life update.
Rowena seemed to scoff, "God doesn't care about us, dearie. Don't waste your breath."
"It crawled through the great hole many years ago. It ravaged the sticks for decades before a magnificent explosion in the sky laid it to rest. Most believe it to be dead now, though we know better."
"I know, Dean. You aced it as well. Just try to stay awake for the rest of class. Alright?"
"Nah, I'm good now. I've had my fill of excitement though, so I think I'll stay here and see what I can find out about Addison Apartments."
Special announcement!
"Hey, Dean. No, sorry, hon. I don't mean to sound ungrateful, though. I'm glad that demon’s gone. It's just a little... hopeless here. Anything new going on in the world of the living?" She still used the slit in her throat to talk, but Dean had gotten used to it.
Cursing, main character death mention, serial killer mention, not trusting the police, parental abandonment, animal death, lucifer, ghost activity, mentions of demons, mentions of curses, snow, character overstimulation, overstimulation of autistic character, nonverbal autistic character,  sick character, bee puns, misgendering cis character, John Winchester's A+ parenting.
They went their separate ways, Dean checked the mail first. It was mostly bills and payment reminders. And a cut-off notice for the phones. Dean sighed, he'd have to write the checks when his dad passed out- He made enough for them to live comfortably, he just forgot to pay the bills sometimes.
ollie.sans@gmail.com
The level opened with Greg on the fifth floor of the Addison apartments surrounded by cultists. "Rowena said I need to cut the power lines on each floor. I hope we can pull this off. "
She handed him an envelope with his name on it- no return address though. "This is for you," she said, "from the other side. Now, if you need me dearie, you'll know what to do."
Dean didn't know what to say to that, "Where have you been lately, little dude?"
"Don't you have studying to do?" Cas chimed up," If your math grades are anything to go by, you definitely need it."
He selected it and the text this time read, "In a moment she found herself somewhere else. Even though Lisa wasn't sure how she ended up here, she knew what she must do."
"Hi-ya, Dee!" The little boy greeted him, an enormous smile on his face. "Have you seen my mommy anywhere?"
"Can you tell me where she is? Do you know anything about her? Please, Ben, I need to know." Cas pleaded.
"Good," the old woman replied, "I've destroyed our pages of the book of the damned."
Author’s note: I rarely try to tell you guys what to do, but this chapter is heavy and deals with a lot of serious subjects.
@stevierayfrmhon
The boys looked at each other in panic. "Quick," Dean instructed, shoving him behind one bale of diapers, "stay. hide."
next chapter will be super heavy, so the warnings will be at both the top and bottom next time.
"Well, **** you too friend." it growled at him, "no, wait. I'm sorry. I'm just in a foul mood, the sun hasn't been quite right, and it's put me out of sorts. No one has spotted the beast in over a hundred years."
Dean stepped away and walked past a field filled with bodies like his. Men and women alike lie dead in this field, some scribbled out, others faded beyond recognition. Their bodies created a circle around a big, bright pink eraser. It nearly killed him to look at, but he walked further. To a folded fortune teller.
This chapter got super long, so I had to split it. The next chapter will be out on the 15th, though.  Good news though: I will be making the attempt to publish a new chapter every Friday around midnight MST.
Warnings for this chapter include: Cursing, therapy session, mention of a dead body, mentions of violence, mentions of trying to take off someone's prosthetic by force, food mention, vague mentions of child abuse, police characters, fat shaming, Metatron bashing, OOC Metatron, murder mention.
"Sorry, Bens. Everyone else, group huddle?" Dean proposed.
Dean walked around quickly, doing a cursory glance. Her two bedroom had a setup similar to his, with the kitchen being on the left and the bedrooms being on the right. She had several paintings- some being more armature than the rest- suggesting she'd painting them herself- including a painting of a farm that gave Dean the creeps. The doors to the bedrooms both had mechanisms on them that Dean couldn't pick. The clock on the wall between them stayed stuck at 3:14. He stepped into the bathroom and immediately stepped back out after seeing how gross she kept it. He walked into the kitchen where Cas stood waiting for him by the fridge.
There was a moment of relieved silence before Cas spoke up, "The demon- It was here before I was even born. I-I'm not cursed after all? It was all just," his voice wavered and tears filled his eyes," just bad luck? My mom she... she really... really...." he trailed off, crying in the earnest.
"We will." Dean and Cas promised at the same time.
"I'm Dean Winchester. I moved in after.... after you died."
Warnings:
"Alright, see you later, little man." Dean waved to him as he disappeared.
"Put the gun down, boy. It's me." a southern, male voice replied, as the figure raised their hands.
~Present Day, Sunnydale Rehab Center cafeteria. Lebanon, Kansas~
The warnings and a special announcement are in the end notes.
"Yeah!" Ben exclaimed, " That's where we all live. It's just like this side, but a little different."
Straight ahead was a button, and a statue of Lisa surrounded by flame. Dean led her over the button, the statue sinking when she walked on it, and into the flame. There was no cutscene, and the compulsion to play finally let up. He put his game boy away.
Somewhere along the way he blacked out, Dean could barely remember what happened- his mind fuzzy, but instead of petting the puppy with his mommy, Dean was now wandering the city streets with a bleeding face- and it hurt so much. He didn't know exactly where he was, or why he was here. He didn't know where his mom had gone. Through his clouded vision, he could see destroyed buildings and an airplane on fire. Like the airplane had crashed through and left disaster in its wake. Dean didn't know if it was because he lost too much blood, or what- but he could've sworn that he could feel the heat from the inferno from where he stood, several miles away.
He turned back around, going back to his sandwich. She placed a daisy chain on his head before starting her story, “ long ago, long after God created the world- he brought one of his sons to him,” Dean leaned closer to her, listening closely although he’d already heard the story a million times, “he told him, son- your brothers have come and claimed their days, the people they’ll protect, and a few of them have chosen weapons. But you, my son, have not made that choice. Cassius, why did you put it off for so long? Dean, baby, do you remember how Cas replied?”
Dean flipped it, and the lights came on. Walls on both sides blocked the hallway off, so he climbed up again. And found himself in the same situation- ladder and another switch. He flipped it and carried on. The last hallway didn't go up, so he just flipped the switch and celebrated when he heard rushing water.
The one furthest from him, CJ spoke up from his wheelchair "Little dude, we've, like, totally got you. We can be low-key, right, guys?"
"How'd you- No, Pat doesn't see 'ugly' he just likes cats." he rubbed the back of his head, "he's actually been sick lately. Poor kid could use a pick-me-up."
“I don’t know, baby.”
Dean glared at Cas as he asked, "Okay, dude. What's in the bologna?"
"It seems stupid, still, that he's representing himself. Even a student knows that... Do you know..." he trailed off, "did Dad sell me before or after you got that?" he nodded towards Dean's half unclasped prosthetic- open only so that he could eat.
"Ha!" Dean exclaimed, hands flung in the air, "coming from the group skeptic!"
Dean did so, taking the ladder down to the last level. In the corner stood a stick figure with a hexagonal head. He stood hunched over, cane in hand.
Pretty quickly she was already speaking again, "Dean, whatever this is, it must be pretty important. Not only did it have multiple firewalls, but the contents are all jumbled. Did Cas say where his mom got this?"
She sighed and ran a hand through her short hair. "This isolation is torture. I miss him so much. Damn, I wish we'd never moved to this place. He wouldn't have met THEM, and Metron would have never.... ugh. It's coming back."
My upload times will no longer be at midnight, as it's been messing up my sleep schedule, but I will upload on Friday nights. Also, there will be no upload next week, but there will be one the week after. Work got super crazy, and I fell behind, so I’m giving myself time to catch up. Thank you so much for reading and for your patience.
Everyone agreed except for Jo. "Count me out, Dean bean. Still recovering from the hot dog incident." she'd said
"I don't need your pity," Crowley hissed.
" You can head up without me, I need to make lunch for my Dad, it's been a while since he last ate. Oh!" he exclaimed," you found the missing piece to my mother's first rubix cube. And you completely solved it. Good job, Dean. That one is pretty tough. " The praise would normally have Dean preening, but it felt wrong.
The other two nodded. Dean sent out a thanks and left.
"Good morning, Dean." she replied, sounding tired. It took Dean nearly a year to get it through to her, he's a dude, but she'd been pretty good about it lately.
As always notes are at the end.
"Yeah," Ben said, "How did you know that?"
Everything went quiet, Dean could see the man was still sobbing but he couldn't hear it. "Who's here?" he shouted.
Rowena stood in the middle of a pentagram. "I have retrieved The Book of Forgotten Truths. Will you not see my worth now?"
So this level was going to be about Ben, Dean figured. He proved himself correct when it loaded on the tiny figure of ben surrounded by mostly bare trees. There were piles of rocks to the left and right that prevented him from going those directions, so he went directly down. Now, the blocked paths were path down and the right, so he went left. The last area had trees more bare than the last two. The upper path, the left, and the right path blocked off, so he went down again. He'd led Ben to Greg.
After a moment of silence, Cas spoke up, "I don't know, Dean, is there any activity on the Game Boy?" he pointed to a bloodstain on the kitchen floor.
Similar to the last level Dean played, Lisa was in a temple, but an unknown voice spoke to her.
He continued down the way he came, noticing the water was running clear now.  He followed the path he came from, wondering how the pony was doing- but his arrival back at the gap answered that. Well, Dean shouldn't really call it a gap anymore- the pony had more than tripled in size, cramming itself into the space.
"I don't know," Said Ben, "It's all blurry now."
"What?" he asked.
"Rowena, do you really think this will work? Do you think this'll stop?"
"I cut the power and Anna's just finished burning the bones. "
"Maybe he's a demon." Gabe said, wiggling his fingers in Dean's face.
~14 years later, Gath's office. Sunnydale rehab center. Lebanon, Kansas~
"Mr. Winchester..." a voice called, "Mr. Winchester... Wake up!"
"So, goats?" Dean said to lighten the mood, "Gabe will be happy that he called it."
"No, just a humble girl that's happy to help. The pleasure is all mine." She replied.
"I'm fine. One sink will not kill me. Anyway, Dean, you're like a second son. Of course you can."
The ones who had gotten sandwiches nodded, "I thought last week smelled bad, this week seems exponentially worse. I couldn't even bring myself to get one." Said Charlie.
Alright then, "What about your parents? " asked Dean.
He heard a sniffle, then a whispered reply, "You can't possibly know what it's like."
Dean chuckled humorlessly, "It's a good thing you did. Bastard's finally gone for good. "
"Huh. I can't remember much of it. It's like waking from a dream. Say, kid- you know what happened to my husband? "
"Yes, sir." he replied.
Carrigan sliced bologna. 100% beef. Made by Mr. and Mrs. Carrigan.
"I played it a bit after they arrested Metatron. But yeah, I think I got the gist," Dean remembered the game vividly, but shook it from his mind.
"Why haven't you moved on? What's keeping you here? Have you heard of the yellow-eyed demon?" Dean demanded.
"Where's your boyfriend, Squirrel?" Crowley sneered, as they walked past, "whoring around already? Tsk, tsk, tsk. What would your dear mother say? Oh, that's right, you wouldn't know- because she's dead."
He walked the rest of the way out of the room, and out of his apartment. He debated with himself for a moment on which way to go, before walking into 403. He hadn't talked to Jody in a while, it'd be good to catch up. He walked to the spot where her blood still stained the carpet and used the Gameboy, as usual.
“Mama, do you think it’s possible to love an angel?”
Dean didn't mind working on it for her- it what he was here for, "It's no problem, ma'am. I don't mind."
"You shouldn't have come here," The old man said.
"What's the matter? Where's your body?" he asked.
"Holy shit!" Said Cas. He didn't curse too often, so Dean glanced over in alarm.
"I'm working on it," he groused, "by any chance would you know what the emo lunch dude likes?"
Gabe nodded his head, agreeing with Dean, "The option to just kill him is always on the table."
"I have to go." the ghost dissolved completely, the reverse of the way she'd come. The lights flickered, and Dean could have sworn he'd seen yellow eyes staring at him in the mirror. Everything stilled.
"Look, short-stack-"
"What?" Dean whipped his head around to look at his, clearly deranged, friend.
"100% beef? That can't be right. Something's wrong." Cas said after reading it and handing it to Charlie.
The hope that had blossomed soon shriveled. He didn't want to Sammy to know about the apartments, about what landed him here. But- he hadn't spoken to him in a long time. Over a year had passed since he learned he had a brother, he couldn't let it go. Dean thought about it and weighed his options before agreeing and putting his prosthetic back on.
Okay, maybe he took it too far. But honestly, the dude deserved it. Dean's ears were still ringing, but he could have sworn he heard Cas shout something about an assbutt. Dean would have found it amusing if his face weren't smarting.
"Yeah, Cas, I'm fine. There are always bigger assholes than Crowley MacLeod. Besides, if I was bleedin' I'd feel it." His dad would be proud that he took the punch like a man, but Cas just looked more concerned. Or constipated, sometimes it was hard to tell with him.
He walked forward, feeling slightly ashamed of himself until he ran into another stick woman, her head a square, and her body missing as well.
Dean went next door, he'd only interacted with the college kids a few times, but they'd told him to stop knocking every time, so he just walked in. Their apartment was pretty bare, just some crates, folding chairs, and tables. Dean didn't mind, it actually seemed pretty cool to him to live with so few belongings.
Until he was nothing but a scribbled face and a useless body.
Dean knew it was already too late, but he still whispered, "Jody, no." at his screen.
He and Gabe took it as a sign he had finished the conversation, so they walked a few feet away to brainstorm. They spent a few minutes trying to think of something before ultimately giving up and deciding to go look in the dude's file. Gabriel volunteered to go try to steal it- something about wanting to prank the teachers, anyway. Dean used the time to go check on Cas and Charlie.
"Hey!" Dean barked, moving to stand in between them, "You don't talk to him that way. Maybe if you took that stick out your ass for once you'd have fun and make some friends."
After class, Dean stood in the hall with Cas. They were chatting about nothing in particular and waiting for the rest of their group to come join them for a hang out session since school was over.
"I just don't want to make Dean's time here worse. If he asks me to leave it alone, I'll leave it alone. We don't know what home life is like- he has a lot of pent-up anger. There has to be a reason for it." Cas replied.
themes of suicide, themes of murder, demons, mysterious apparitions, strange symbols, witches, conspiracy, cults, mentions of child murder, mentions of child abuse, cursing, hinted infidelity, being mean to Chuck, tbh cannon chuck deserves it, ghosts, somewhat bad description of a video game, bending of reality, hints of parental abandonment, therapy
"I-" Dean sighed, "I don't know, Doc. We never really talked about it again."
"His pain is over." Dean interrupted, "lets get out of here and go check out that first room."
"Dean, are you alright?" Cas asked, voice filled with concern.
"Why haven't you moved on?" Dean asked.
Dean swallowed, unclasped his prosthetic and wiped at the tears underneath before clasping it back and selecting the sixth level.
Ben looked at him innocently, "That's a naughty word."
(See the end of the chapter for
"He was a triangle head, like me. The truth destroyed him from the inside out. Now leave, freak."
He stood, his fists on his hips, “One day, I’m gonna marry someone like Cas. Someone who cares. And if I don’t, I’ll never ever get married”
It faded again, and Jody was now in a room filled wall to wall with cult members. They each paced in erratic patterns. It took Dean so many tries, but he did eventually get the book from the other side and get back to the door. When he did it cut to black again and Jody was in her apartment again, where someone was knocking on the door.
He woke on the floor of Charlie's livingroom, his face aching beneath his prosthetic. He didn't know how long he'd been there. He felt his phone vibrate in his pocket, so he checked it. He had a few missed texts from Bobby.
https://ask-sfdean-and-co.tumblr.com/
Cas reached out to... something Dean didn't know, but Gabriel peeled around the corner, knocking into them both and sending all three of them sprawling onto the floor.
