As you may have deduced, today is my sixteenth birthday, the day on which the majority of people receive their soulmate journals and can write to their soulmates, eventually leading to a lifetime partnership usually of a romantic nature.
It was at that point Sherlock finally took everything in - the daylight outside despite it being dark moments ago, John's plaid shirt and jeans that were once his brown suit, and Sherlock's suit now turned dressing gown and pyjamas. When he was done thinking, eliminating impossible scenarios and he realised that John as telling the truth, his mouth fell open as he stammered out, "that's impossible."
To be honest, I’m also writing because I’m bored. I have a ton of medical journals packed away in my bag I could be reading in preparation but honestly, I’ve read so much this summer I think I deserve a break. I have the next five years - hell, the rest of my working life - to read them. So this is the perfect time to write to you. Or I’m sure I could occupy a good amount of this journey reminiscing on this summer and how fun it was (the PG memories only! At least while I’m in public...) Like when you got sunburnt and spent a whole day in a sulk, curled up on the floor in our room like an adorable (red) hedgehog. Or when we raced each other in the pool, doing lengths until we were out of breath. I know I’ve said this before and you’re probably sick to death of it by know, but this was my best summer yet, Sherlock, and I can’t wait to spend more with you. Especially now that our summers are so much longer.
There is some progress in my parents, however. It's marginally less tense and awkward, and when Karen said "Isn't it nice that John is so happy with his soulmate," my mum nodded. Nodded! Granted, she could have looked a bit less like she was sucking a lemon while she did so, but I honestly think she's getting used to the idea. I suppose she has plenty of time to get used to it, as I would quite like to keep you as my boyfriend for as long as possible.
John shakes his head. "And I went and brought you into it. And Harry too. God, I should have just done this on my own. I did nothing but make you both feel super uncomfortable." John sighs. "I'm a crap brother and a crap boyfriend."
Ignore me, I’m tired and thinking too much. If you were here you’d snap at me to shut up. I’ll do just that.
He pressed his lips together, contemplative. “The first ones were successful. Good reviews, got in quite a bit of cash. She’s been a bit down on her luck lately, mostly living off her wife’s salary.” John brightened up a bit. “But she actually has a show open now. Critics are there, so hopefully, if she gets a good review, everything will turn around.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, "I don't mind being corrected, you know. As long as it is actually correct." He murmured.
Then he froze in the doorway. Back straight, limbs immobile, not even daring to breathe, as though the slightest exhale could blow away the mirage before him like dandelion seeds.
In lessons where Sherlock wasn't there, or sat near him, these memories could be kept under control, and he could focus on the dull drone of Professor Binns' voice recounting yet another goblin war, or correctly cutting up snargluff roots. But in potions, if Sherlock would lean over to grab a utensil and John could breathe in the scent of Sherlock's shampoo, or in defence against the dark arts if Sherlock was twirling a quill between those long, talented fingers of his, or buying his lower lip in concentration, John would be sent back to the forbidden forest, to their first kiss in the champion's tent, or to the last time they managed to gain any privacy.
I've been alright, myself. Aside from the fact I broke my collarbone in rugby last week. Yeah, I forgot to mention that, sorry. Someone tackled me and I fell at a weird angle, somehow breaking it. Surprisingly, it wasn't that painful but that was probably the adrenaline or the shock. It now hurts like hell whenever I so much as move. So now I'm stuck at home, bored as hell, without rugby practices or matches to entertain me with. You can probably relate to that. By the way, I know you like science and have a more hands on approach to learning, so I've sent you a copy of my x ray. See what you can deduce from it. I now have my right arm stuck in a cast but at least I'm left handed, so I can still do my exams. Or is that a bad thing?
"You put John in that hospital bed. You helped him," Sherlock spat. "So how long? How much are you responsible for?" Sherlock wondered with sickening realisation  about her relationship with John. About her mysterious past. How much of her was real?"
"Is John Mary's boyfriend?" Sherlock tried to conceal the waver in his voice as he spoke. "Are they... Going out?"
“As long as Mycroft continues to hog the library for his stupid video conferences with the stupid prime minister, I’ll say what I want. What about you? How’s your family?”
"Look at it this way, Sherlock. Who, in the maze at the time, has a large amount of upper-arm strength?"
“And this isn’t just the result of you being highly emotional all day or a subconscious way of rebelling against your parents’ disapproval or teenage hormones or the influence of alcohol or something?”
"Bullshit. It's just some PC bullshit agenda from the government to get the gays to stop complaining. If two men were meant to be soulmates, they'd be able to have kids. That's what the soulmate programme is there for."
"I made my client a promise. Look, there's some shelter over there in that tree. You can wait in there if you want." Sherlock pointed at a large tree, hollowed out in a way which made it look like a doorway into the inside of the tree.
"But he's still out there! He's gathering allies and resources as we speak!" A feeble attempt at yelling came out as a watery croak and he felt his eyes sting with tears again. "We could be...looking in muggle CCTV footage! Using international records and files! Or something, I don't know. Anything would be better than just sitting here."
"I can, and I will. It was fine in school. Back when we first met, we considered having to fill in a
My mum says that she and my dad went to the beach when they first met, but sadly there aren't any beaches in London. What about sightseeing? Or would you get bored staring at a sunset from the London Eye, or staring at statues at Madame Tussauds? There are museums we could go to. There's the natural history museum or the V+A museum - those are popular choices. Or there's a walnut museum if you're into that sort of thing. Please don't be into that sort of thing.
"One last thing," John raised his voice, and the two friends turned to face him. "What happened with the triwizard tournament? Who won?"
Harry sobbed. “They came on a bad day. Mark forgot his lines. You know how stubborn he was in rehearsal, how he kept saying shit like ‘I’m the experienced actor among us, you just focus on your own lines before worrying about mine’. Like doing soap operas gives him any more credibility.”
“She’s never really been the compromising type.” You of all people should know that, he doesn’t say. The bullet wound you spent months recovering from is proof of this. “Besides, she is the one who put in all the effort to bring her into the world. She‘s been reminding me of that for the last week, whenever we talked about it,” John half chuckles.
“I know. It’s fine.” Harry sighed. “This really isn’t the best place for you to be staying, Johnny. Negative vibes and all that.”
The suspect is faster than either of them expected and runs for far longer than they are used to. John’s lungs burn and his legs burn in protest - it’s been months since his last proper chase around London - but above all that, he is grinning ecstatically at the welcome adrenaline that courses through him. Christ, he’s missed this
“Yes.” Sherlock leaned back in his chair with a small smile, satisfied by this conclusion. "And me. So why break this tradition then and risk whatever dire consequences face a Watson who betrays his family - "
"Sherlock, sshh, calm down." John attempted to move over and kneel in front of Sherlock, but his injury must have protested his movements, causing him to curse under his breath and lay back against the pillows again. "Can you - can you come here for now?" Sherlock complied and crawled over to John, buried himself under the duvet and rested his head on John's shoulder as John stroked Sherlock's hair and rested his head above Sherlock's. "It's going to be alright, you know. If Moriarty comes back - "
From out of the shadows, two figures, male and female. entered the room from the back, their wands out - one pointing at John, the other at Sherlock. Sherlock recognised instantly the male as Sebastian Moran, pointing his wand at John. He couldn't say he was surprised that the secretive Durmstrang was working with a serial killer. But the female, on the other hand...
“Oh.” He’s pulling the same frozen expression as when John asked him to be best man, making John’s heart clench fiercely. He then clears his throat, standing to attention like a soldier. “Then yes. I will.”
He could go back again to the bar, try and meet Sherlock before Victor got there first, but that would mean sacrificing his sister’s success, compromising the performance that had earned her so many good reviews, doubled her fame among scriptwriters, and encouraged her to gradually sober up. He couldn’t do that to her - not when this had been her dream for so long. If he went back to help Sherlock, stopping him from relapsing, he’d simply be trading one addict to help for another.
“Almost certainly,” Sherlock replies. “The case today - it bore too much resemblance to the cases before my fall to be a coincidence. Details you didn’t write on the blog. It has to be him.”
“You’ve hardly been subtle the last few months - jogging past, always looking into my flat.” Then Sherlock turned to face John, his pale eyes glaring hotly at him. “Tell my brother that he has no right to be spying on me. I’m fine, and so is Victor.”
"You wouldn't have had to if you were actually in school," Sherlock heard John respond, only semi-joking. He pulled back from the hug. "I have questions, you know, and no one's told me a thing."
“Not good,” the other surgeon responds, a young woman soon to be engaged, if the nails are anything to go by. “Bullet’s wedged right in there. I think we should get -”
He crawled over to Mycroft, he heard himself call his name over and over, shaking his shoulders only to be met with nothing.
Please find all the necessary enrollment forms enclosed with this letter, as well as all the details on the bursary and other financial support given to you. We appreciate your filling them out and returning them to us soon. If you have any questions or problems, please feel free to contact us.
Sorry this took so long! Also, I just noticed that I gave the wrong date for the last chapter - it's been changed to June now instead of July.
"John, what's the point of you if you don't ask questions?" Sherlock gave a watery smile. "My detective career relies entirely on your curiosity and ignorance of basic facts."
Sherlock changes the rules of his experiment slightly for their twelfth session by letting them drink as a celebration of the one month anniversary of the start of his experimenting on John. The scrabble round turns into rude-word scrabble, leaving them both giggling like twelve-year-old boys, leaning in their chairs with their knees touching. Drunk Sherlock is giddy and relaxed, friendly and almost flirtatious as he looks at John through his eyelashes, smiles and sips his whisky. He forgets to write any of the results down, so the meeting is left redundant, but when John looks back, hungover at his shift but still grinning at the memory, he can't bring himself to regret it.
At first John and Sherlock were relaxed – revising together for only an hour every day, and even that was spent procrastinating most of the time, by sudden random discussions over irrelevant topics, or frequent snogging sessions behind shelves of books. They would mainly focus working on John’s next task. “It’s an obstacle course, of sorts, I’m guessing,” Sherlock had explained. “Last time it was a maze. I expect it will be a maze again. There’s only so many exciting magical ways of making an obstacle course."
He can practically feel Sherlock’s anger radiating through the door in the few moments it took to unlock it. Once it was opened, John was immediately dragged in by the collar into the room, then slammed against the closed door, a very angry consulting detective pinning him there. His eyes are grey and darkened like a storm and they scan over John once. At that moment, he notices the gun in Sherlock’s hand, ready to use in case the knock came from an intruder instead of a friendly, if not welcome. face. He's also aware of Sherlock's reddened eyes, like he's been rubbing at them in frustration, the fact that he still has his coat and scarf on, and the laptop on the desk in the corner. He hasn't stopped working since he got here, John realises. Hasn't stopped trying to find Mary.
“I can’t talk and concentrate at the same time. Trust me, this always happens. I’ll go radio silent for two, three days, and then just like that I have an idea. This one is just taking a little longer to appear.”
Sherlock’s turns fully in his chair to face John, his eyes round and his forehead furrowed. “You think so?”
"Thank god. How else would I win you over without my extraordinarily abnormal intelligence? Now shut up and kiss me."
“How so?” Sherlock asks as he takes a sip of his coffee, making a satisfied hum when he found it to be acceptable (John smiles proudly that his coffee meets Sherlock’s standards.)
"We should get you to the infirmary, see if the nurse can treat your cut and help you with your being drunk."
Moriarty groaned. "Ugh, Ministry Shministry. As if I'd every consider working for them. I don't want to be tied down, I don't want to take orders. That's why I'm working my way up the hierarchy so quickly."
"I have decided to test your cognitive abilities through a series of tests from a range of difficulties. We will do this repeatedly when you have had varying levels of caffeine consumption and sleep deprivation. I trust I have your consent to observe you as you take these tests and record the results?"
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but then was interrupted by the voice on the speakers, telling all audience members to sit in the stands as the tournament would begin in 10 minutes. Sherlock sighed.
"Well, it's still in its developmental phase, so it is considerably safer to use against school children. But the ministry is hoping to use it against criminals, for interrogation or torture or the like." Mcgonagall admitted. John felt his stomach lurch threateningly.
and everything -” the two of them giggle like schoolboys at the idea, “- and you still don’t want to shag her, you’d have to be pretty gay.”
He wasn't even ashamed to admit it: John Watson had feelings for Sherlock Holmes. The only things he was ashamed of was that it took Sherlock getting a boyfriend who wasn't him to realise it, and he happened to have a girlfriend at the time of his epiphany. He still liked Mary a lot, though. Didn't he? Maybe this thing for Sherlock was a passing phase.
John watches with open adoration as Sherlock tunes the violin, the way his long fingers clasp the neck, turn the tuning pegs, then he takes his bow in one hand. He starts to play, a simple melody like a lullaby John doesn’t recognise (but then again, he never does. Sherlock is the musician, able to recognise a classical tune from the first chord.) Rosie soon stops moving and wriggling, and starts to calm down, until her breaths steady and John feels her fall asleep under the warmth of the violin’s tune.
He started to run to the nest, hoping that the Occamy's injury would slow it down, but somehow it overtook John and stood in front of the nest, its wings spread menacingly, despite the crooked angle the left wing was at. John cast another spell at it - a body binding jinx - but it moved out of the way swiftly. John knew that there was no way he could get past the Occamy as long as he was the only threat there. So he did the first thing he could think of that could work.
"Yes! They'll be more likely to be nicer to you if other people are there. And it's Soulmates Day. Everyone's in a good mood on Soulmate's Day."
Anthony's face turned momentarily panicked, unsure how to respond, which John found odd, to say the least, as it was a perfectly simple question. Eventually, the nurse settled on, "she's retired now."
"Okay, good. Listen, sorry I didn't text you yesterday. I was busy, what with Mary coming over and stuff."
John ushers Sherlock inside, where the hall is, then slams the door behind him. He leans back against the door, confused by how even though he got a damn apology, he didn't feel better in the slightest. He simply felt... tired. "Are you alright?" Sherlock says quietly.
But now she's God knows where, doing God knows what, for God knows how long." John grimaces, rubbing at his temple as though it would soothe out all his tangled thoughts inside. "So yeah, I'm glad you told me what you did, last night. Because it's going to be a hell of a lot easier to divorce someone you were never really married to."
Sherlock rolled his eyes, scoffing. "'Non-ugly'. I'm swooning. Have you ever considered taking up poetry?"
John raised an eyebrow and glanced at the rest of the food on the ravenclaw table. 'Eat something else and I will be. You barely eat.'
"Well, I invented my career and I say NEWTs aren't required. Why should I stay to learn divination and potions and charms when I can get a head start on my consulting business?"
Sherlock heard John groan. Squinting, he saw him rub his eyes tiredly. "Molly, could you not - " a yawn - "Could you not wake us up by, I don't know, shouting? Nudging us? Anything which doesn't blind us?"
John glanced over at Sherlock, who shook his head at him minutely. He turned back to the guard with a warm smile. "That's very generous of him, but payment is absolutely not necessary. We probably should be going now, actually."
Instead, John simply rasped, "water?" and the nurse nodded and handed him a cup of water. "Gently, now." John obliged and sipped slowly, despite how tempted he was by his thirst to just chug the water.
"Welcome to the Rejected Third Wheel's Table." Janine cracked a small smile as she bit into a croissant.
He hums and nods, not entirely sure how to respond. He was never really that good with people except when stood next to Sherlock.
"Thank you, sir, we'll take it from here." Behind him, the guards and Sherlock stood there, the former taking the culprit and handcuffing him, the latter simply staring at John intensely, darkly, making his cheeks heat up as he refused to look away. The main guard cleared his throat, forcing them to tear their gaze away from each other and focus on the situation at hand.
"And you're always saying I should sleep more," Sherlock retorted. "It's rather hypocritical, actually. I wasn't the one who stayed up until three doing charms homework received two months ago."
My offer for you to stay in Sussex still stands. Bring Harry too, if needs be. Speaking of whom, I don’t suppose she has said anything yet, has she? I don’t think I am ‘jumping to conclusions’ by saying it’s best if you stay out of the way of your parents as long as they continue to think those things about me. About us.
All knowledge of La Sylphide credited to Wikipedia. I have never seen the show so please excuse any mistakes. Also, do not try to use this method to break into a theatre. It probably will not work and I don't think theatres or guards work the way I imagined it.
"I don't understand, is this supposed to be comforting me? 'Oh, it's okay, Sherlock, he just hates you because of an inferiority complex'." Sherlock sighs and rests his head in his hands. "I was this close to deducing him. I could have had the upper hand. But I didn't. Because he didn't seem the type of man to take these things likely. I was intimidated by him, not the other way round."
John squeezed his eyes shut and immediately went back. Having travelled in time in this way for the last fifteen years of his life, he was used to the slight tumble, the feeling like you were doing a forward roll underwater, and the jolt back to earth, wearing different clothing and with the familiar sounds from the time before in his ear. Sherlock, not so much. John could see his wide eyes and pale skin by the light coming through the cracks of daylight - yes, daylight - in the door. He immediately stumbled out of the wardrobe, gasping for air as he doubles over.
“Don’t look at me like that, I said I’d stop. We just might need to start sleeping with some icepacks as well.”
Instead, when she reached her bed in the dorm room in the carriage, she sat down calmly, angrily, and contemplated everything.
The collarbone was not completely fractured, meaning that the person who knocked you over couldn't have been that much stronger than you. He was taller than you -but then again, who isn't. Judging by the angle of the break, you were holding the ball in your right hand, which suggests you are somewhat ambidextrous in regards to some sports. You were running at full speed, gaining momentum, until you collided with the other played and he knocked you backwards, where you landed on the ground at an awkward angle. Had there been a complete fracture, your collarbone would have most likely been protruding through your skin. Instead, you now have a funny lump and a bit of bruising. Dull. Still, I hope you get better soon. Take pain medication, don't do anything stupid that could lead to further harm, and don't forget to wear your sling.
The takeaway has been abandoned long ago and has probably gone cold. They’ve somehow migrated from the sofa to the floor in front of the fire, where it burns bright and golden against Sherlock’s face, highlighting his features in a soft glow. The fire warms them, so much so that John has taken off his jumper and Sherlock has undone the top button of his shirt, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows. He’s laughing at something John said about a past case, but John can’t quite remember what it was. All he can think about is a vague sense of deja vu of being in this exact position, dizzy headed and close enough to Sherlock to touch him. Oh right, the stag night. He did touch him back then - on the knee, a perfectly chaste and innocent place, though at the time he wondered if he didn’t bother pushing himself back up onto his chair instead let himself fall, let his hand wonder, go above Sherlock’s knee, fingertips tracing the inseam of his inner thigh…
(His bloodied scarf is still on the floor of his hotel room. The staff will dispose of it for all he cares.)
After breakfast, John and Janine left to go to the same tent as in the first round. They were told by Mcgonagall that it would take place in the quidditch field again, making Sherlock suspect that it would be another creature they'd have to fight. When they arrived at the tent, Moran was already there, sitting on the couch with his eyes closed as though he was sleeping. John ignored him and paced the tent, going over in his head the few riddles he knew in preparation.
The next couple of months were even more of a blur, the fever of work and focus now replaced with, well, an actual fever. Every so often, John would wake up in a haze, his shoulder aching and his entire body burning up. He’d see fuzzy images of panic-stricken doctors around him, barking out orders as they pumped him full of anti-bacterial drugs.
John came out last with Professor Mcgonagall's hand rested on his shoulder as they walked out. He could see the Hogwarts' students cheering loudly and he waved back self-consciously. His smile broadened nevertheless when he caught sight of Molly, Greg, Mycroft and Sherlock sitting at the front of the audience. He came to a standstill next to the other champions, then Mcgonagall stood at the front on a pedestal to address the audience.
John approaches Sherlock and the body and kneels down with a grunt as his injured leg protests. "What am I here for?"
"How long have I - " John cleared his throat. Christ, it felt like sandpaper. " - how long have I been out?"
Sure enough, there weren’t any cabs passing them. The streets were pretty much silent, with the exception of some distant cars and sirens, and Sherlock and John’s own voices, pitched low to save neighbours from disturbances as their giggles came out like whispers.
"I'm tolerating your company rather a lot. Either you're more intelligent than most people, whose company I abhor, or the dancing must have affected my judgement rather a lot."
"Stop it, you. I've forgiven you." John elbows him lightly, playfully, the kind of touch he's allowed to use to comfort Sherlock without making things that much more awkward. "Turn over. I want to see what's next."
There's a moment where Sherlock is considering his options, his eyes darting as though he can see the possible scenarios in front of him: if they get caught, if they don't get caught... John wishes he could say the same, but at this point, he's lost his ability to care. Any other day, he would be imagining if Mrs Watson came in early to wake them up to find them defiantly snuggled together, if Mr Watson saw them coming out of the same room over the top of his morning newspaper. Tonight, he does a little thinking as possible. Finally, he nods. "Alright, then. I'd like that."
I suppose, in retrospect, I didn’t factor in the fact that we’re writing to each other and that we haven’t actually met in real life. It’s very easy to distance yourself from the person on the other side of the journal when you’re reading their words in your own voice. People I know in real life at best tolerate me, normally for the sake of copying my work in lessons. Besides, I haven’t deduced you properly yet, as I haven’t seen you in person, and that generally seems to put people off. Something about ‘respecting privacy’ and ‘minding your own business’. It’s not my fault everyone is incredibly obvious.
“No, you’re not. Ugh, I used to think I was above all this. I used to be fine on my own, without a partner. Then you came along and you
“What’s so happy about it?” It’s a genuine question - Valentine’s day was never something he made any attempt to remember or to commemorate, with no long term partners at any point in his life - but John laughs and Sherlock’s stomach flips pleasantly.
Until finally, just as he was about to accept his fate and go home, he saw Sherlock, only a few feet ahead of him on the pavement, unlocking the door to his home, his hands shaking as he put the key in the lock.
Unable to fight exhaustion - partially from painkillers, partially from the music - John’s own eyes soon close, his daughter in his arms, and the music from his partner’s violin floating above him.
“Oh, we’ve spoken, alright. At breakfast they kept asking these weird questions, like if it was serious between us and whether I’ve had boyfriends before - I can’t tell if it was a weird cross examination that will ‘qualify’ me into keeping my status as a bisexual, or if it’s their own way of trying to take interest. And then they had the fucking audacity to ask if I wanted to reapply into the system.”
“Bugger off. I know my lines plenty. Go harass Cassandra if you want to bother someone who doesn’t know their lines.”
“Sorry. This pretty man has elsewhere to be.” And because Peter enjoys etiquette and small talk, he leans over and kisses Marco on the cheek. “Thank you for a lovely night. You were just what I needed.” He certainly had the information he needed, and Sherlock’s mind was now a little less... antsy. Less chaotic. Even Sherlock Holmes falls prey to the craving of physical contact, occasionally.
“This is why I never hang around theatre kids,” Greg mutters darkly while he and John stare across the rehearsal space.
“Ah, but this time we have several hundred miles between us. All I need to do to stop you spoiling the ending is to temporarily block your number.”
“No. Somehow, I’ve managed to surpass the horny stage of quarantine and go straight into the Regency Heroine stage.”
"Please, I'm one of a kind. You did well by the way. You took longer than Janine did but you got more points all together."
John was the last one to be graded. By the time the teacher approached John his heart was in his throat and his mouth felt dry and sour.
A sigh of relief swept across the hall as the students - and teachers - tucked ravenously into the food. Sherlock simply picked up a bread roll and picked crumbs off it. He looked over at the gryffindor table, where John was laughing at something Lestrade said and eating. John then looked over and made eye contact with Sherlock. Oddly, his stomach jolted. John then nodded towards the - now almost completely disintegrated - bread roll in Sherlock's hand.
"I'll explain later but first- " Moriarty grabbed Alissia's left wrist with his left hand making her wince - "take my wrist." They stood like this as though they were shaking hands. Alissia could feel his pulse through his wrist, calm and relaxed. "Now, Sebby, would you be a dear?"
But the thing which Sherlock regarded with most surprise was that aside from the kissing, the hand holding, the open flirting -everything remained quite normal. They still studied in the library for exams, they still had inside jokes and laughed at nothing, John still elbowed him whenever one of Sherlock's deductions crossed over some kind of line.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s voice deepens, smirking. It’s meant to be mocking, John assumes, but it makes his stomach flip and his cheeks burn. He has to face away from Sherlock so his concentration on his cooking doesn’t waver and his mind doesn’t stray into dangerous territory. He may be in love with the man, but that’s no excuse for him to openly fantasise. “Is that so, Captain?”
Sherlock’s heart rate rapidly increases at the thought that he and John could end up being forced to act in this way, as lovers and not two complete strangers, of whom one is mildly obsessed with the other.
The good news is that we've found Redbeard. He was in the nearby woods when my dad found him this morning, thin and filthy and scared out of his wits but thankfully alive and very happy to see everyone. He was probably chasing a squirrel when he escaped.
“Oh, and Greg’s texted. He says they’ve got all the proof they need to convict him and we don’t need to come in.”
She doesn't respond, at first, simply keeping her eyes averted in a display of shame perhaps. "I think you both know," she murmurs quietly.
“Really. Of course, it was just immature name calling at that point. But you have to give them points for their observation skills.” John gives a weak huff of laughter, decidedly disliking the people in Sherlock’s school less and less (No wonder he was so unsure about meeting John’s friends). Sherlock continued regardless, “And my parents always made sure to use non-gender specific pronouns and terms when regarding my potential soulmate. Though come to think of it, the magazine my parents once  found under my bed was probably a bit of a giveaway...”
Redbeard whines, nudges his right head into Sherlock’s hand. He strokes it fondly. “Come on. Keep me company while I’m up there, eh?”
And so Sherlock buried further into the crook of John's neck, and John, though he had a million questions that needed answering threatening to burst through, he held his tongue and went to sleep, his arm wrapped around Sherlock, and their legs intertwined. He didn't fail to notice how Sherlock purposefully kept his hands away from John's wound.
"You alright there?" John asked as he stepped out, watching the (rather dramatic) display with a slightly amused smirk. "Need a bucket?"
John can’t help but agree. Slightly. He’s drunk, not a psychopath. Not that Sherlock’s one either. Psychopaths aren’t sweet and let you come home after your divorce, or hug you when you come to the earth-shattering realisation that your chance to be a dad has been and gone, or offer to drink your troubles away with you. “Anyway, we’re getting off task. Never have I ever... ridden a motorbike.”
Luckily, there was a supply closet nearby, marked by a ‘staff-only door’ and thankfully free of any couples who may have wanted to use the space for less important purposes.
at the bedroom floor he had vacuumed just in case...just in case of what? He decides to leave this question unanswered for the moment. However, when he feels like cutting himself some slack and abandoning the self-loathing momentarily, he reasons with himself that this is the first time they're meeting since they officially decided to become Boyfriends - a term which, Sherlock thinks, entirely deserves that capitalisation - which means that everything had to be perfect, from his appearance to his parents' ability to behave reasonably to his bedroom floor.
“Nope,” Sherlock replies snappishly. He is sat on the floor, cross-legged, eyes manic, hair ruffled, newspapers and magazines and his laptop scattered around him as he frantically looks through them, scanning through each line for any kind of sign of Moriarty’s return to a reign of chaos. The room smells overwhelmingly of cigarettes, the windows and curtains closed off to keep out daylight that had long since disappeared and turned to night time. If John hadn’t known better, he would say he hadn’t moved in the last four days since his return from his short exile. “Nothing. No politician has gone missing. No priceless jewellery has been stolen. Not even the slightest sign of a sudden increase in inflation. God!” Sherlock grabbed the nearest newspaper and ripped it up into pieces in frustration - The Daily Mail, John noted with some amusement. “I can’t stand it, John!” He exclaims bitterly.
"Is that a 10-inch holly with unicorn hair core wand in your pocket?" Moriarty tilted his head, slowly smiling. "Or are you just pleased to see me?"
Sherlock nodded and stood up on shaking legs. "Did John say anything else?" He asked as he got a shirt and trousers from his trunk.
“Brilliant,” John praises. “Still can’t believe you have the whole of London memorised. I’m impressed.”
Harry: It would be a… happy side effect if you two got together. God knows I’ve heard way too much about how clever and hot he is over the last few months
“Alright,” John smiles as he gets up from the floor and takes one of the glasses. “Just one, though. I don’t want to get drunk.”
Thanks for reading! Sorry the last few chapters have been so late. This has been really fun to do, as I've never done a challenge like this before, but I've learnt now that the time pressure of a daily ficlet challenge doesn't really suit me. Still, I've enjoyed writing this and I hope you've all enjoyed reading it!
"Firstly, I'm touched you would take the time to call six of eleven different numbers just to find mine. You're very resilient."
John shook his head. He could never quite get used to Sherlock reading his mind, even after all this time. "Right. Look, why don't you stay in the audience?"
His voice echoed in her ears again, the words were prophecies about John's mental infidelity, telling her that she would be wanting revenge, reminding her of the life she used to have before the Battle of Hogwarts and before her parents lost their lives.
"Fine. Anderson was an idiot, as normal. Donovan was being overly sensitive and a boy nearly set the transfiguration class room on fire. You?"
"Um - no. Not exactly." John can tell that Sherlock is only just managing to conceal the disdained look on his face, the one that makes the crinkle appear on his nose.
I got loads of questions from my parents and sister too. Don't worry, I left out all the illegal things as well. My mum and sister approve and are very excited to meet you too, though my sister has been teasing me quite a bit. Mum says she's just jealous because she won't get to write to her soulmate for over a year. My dad isn't so keen on the idea that my soulmate is a) a boy, b) able to deduce someone's life story just from their handwriting or their face and c) (shock! Horror!) likes ballet, but that's not important. His opinion doesn't matter. Still, if you do decide to meet my family at some point, don't be put off by my dad. He may be a bit of a dickhead but he knows how to behave in front of guests. Tell your parents I would love to meet them too. They sound really nice and I'm dead curious to find out who the parents of the great Sherlock Holmes are. Besides, I'd like to come over to Sussex next time we meet, if that's alright, and it will probably be difficult to avoid your family if I do. Village gossip spreads fast, right? And don't worry about your brother - I'm pretty sure I can handle the 'if you break his heart I break your legs' talk, if that's what you mean by 'cross-examine'.
“It is. Trust me. You’ve been super concerned about me and offering for me to stay with you and asking about Harry and it’s more than I ever could expect. By the way, I have sort of taken your advice.”
When the potion turned green, John was allowed to take it off the flame and let it cool, adding extra ingredients as he did with precision. Eventually others followed, and everyone breathed out as the room cooled slightly, though the immediate affect wasn't much help on how much John was sweating.
The conversation flitted between topics: school, quidditch, hogsmeade, chocolate frog cards. John managed out a chuckle or two without wincing. Greg huffed in amusement, not quite a laugh. John, not for the first time, was thankful for Molly Hooper holding the conversation together. Soon they were ushered out by Nurse Phillips, telling them to come back at the end of the day.
"You've been in my house, Sherlock. The only life lessons I ever really got were  a large variety of swear words, mainly from Harry."
"A necessary sacrifice." Mcgonagall shrugged, and John couldn't help but feel slightly scared at the sadistic smile Mcgonagall was wearing.
"Mary?!" Sherlock's voice was hoarse. He attempted to move towards her, but she pointed her wand out further wordlessly, tilting her head as if to say 'were you really so stupid as to try to talk to me?'
"You're blushing," John observes, which causes the faint pink hue to deepen on the man's cheekbones.
He put his tournament uniform on, checking himself in the mirror one last time, then went down to breakfast, running down the steps to the point he nearly trips over, and entered into the Great Hall. Mary waved him over and he found Sherlock and Janine sitting next to her. The past couple of months they had all been sitting next to each other, rather than separately as they had done before Christmas. John definitely preferred this. He sat down besides Mary and poured himself some pumpkin juice.
Sherlock agreed. John got his coat, discreetly leaving a ten-pound note as a tip to make up for their inconvenience, and walked out of the restaurant with Sherlock in front of him, leading the way.
The doctor hummed, scribbling down some notes. “Captain, you’re in the medical profession too. You know how trauma can affect the brain in strange ways - “
"Stop apologising. Come here." John brought Sherlock into a loose hug, his arms resting around his shoulders. Sherlock reciprocated, careful not to harm John and squeeze too hard. But he relished in the hug and all the stress from the past few days was released. He inhaled shakily and mumbled "I missed you" into John's hair.
"Well, he's had a pretty bad week really. His dog ran away and he hasn't been much himself while he's still missing."
"Yes, well, it's not exactly been peace and rainbows all around, has it? Yes, we're having conversations and even sharing a couple of jokes now, but I feel like we're on a bit of a tight-rope situation, you know?"
At least now, whenever he woke up, Sherlock's violin was playing, sending him almost straight back to sleep with soothing melodies and notes, blending in with the white noise of distant London traffic.
On the ninth session, Sherlock comes around to the coffee shop in person with all of the games in a bag. "I had a case for the last three days. Now is as good a time as any to continue the experiment," he explains. Once John is sure there are no more customers to deal with, he joins Sherlock at the table and starts to play, pausing every so often to get him the coffee and sustenance he missed out on while working so hard on the case.
"You can celebrate your victory later," Sherlock whispers back. He smooths down his curls and straightens his suit, then unlocks the door for Mary to step inside. Her hair dyed brown, grown out slightly, her eyes undeniably cold and determined, she's almost unrecognisable. She looks between them as they hold up their guns at her, and scoffs. "I didn't expect to see you here, John. Didn't peg you as the adultery type, either. And I haven't even been gone two months yet."
“Studying, chatting with extended family on the phone, going out on jogs. I feel like I’m becoming unfit.”
"Well, not at first but - " he clears his throat awkwardly, thankful they're not facing each other for Sherlock to see the sudden tide of emotion that came over John. "After you were gone, my therapist recommended this, to make my memory of you more positive. A private blog of sorts, away from public pressure. Didn't help much, but it got me into the habit."
It’s probably why Sherlock chose it. If he had a weapon or a laptop for hacking into something, then there are no questions asked.
God, your weekend sounds so much more interesting than mine. I don't blame that doctor to be honest. University as far as I can tell is expensive as hell. Especially in London. I can't afford a London university but I wouldn't want to be anywhere else, when the time comes. So yeah, maybe I should resort to stealing from people. I'm sure you have tips on how not to get caught. Not that I think you spend your weekends stealing from people...do you?
"Could be worse. My great aunt Lillian has a terribly shrill voice. A boy in my year insists on dropping his T's and has a voice like a Neanderthal. But then again, that's consistent with his personality."
This pressure was not helped by the fact that this picture will be for the most read wizard newspaper in Britain.
Sherlock reaches into his coat pocket and brings out an opened brown envelope. He hands it over to Mary, who removes the contents, flipping through them quickly, eyes scanning, a line between her eyebrows in concentration. “Photographs?” John asks.
"Sherlock, giving advice?" A smooth voice said behind Sherlock. "My goodness, I didn't think his social skills could extend so far."
"Yeah, yeah, fine. I just think that maybe I should have taken you up on your offer to run away to Portugal."
"Really? So I've passed this test in the experiment? Despite being," he checks his watch, "22 hours behind on sleep?"
"Yeah, I know. This is the sixth number I tried. But I suppose we're even now, with our unnecessary, mildly stalker-ish behaviour."
Then she cocks her head and the gun changes aim towards John. "Fair enough. If I have to go through you, then I'll go through you."
"If you are in danger, or you encounter a fellow champion in danger, shoot red sparks with your wand. Members of staff will find your location and transport you immediately out of the maze, but you will not be allowed to re-enter. Do I make myself clear?"
"Done." Madam Pomfrey eventually said. "You may sit up if you want. Now excuse me, I have the other contestants to check over." Pomfrey walked out of John's peripheral vision - then he heard her sigh and start talking to someone outside of the door. But soon she gave in to whomever was outside. "You have a guest, Mr Watson." She called before walking outside. John sat up and smiled with relief when Sherlock entered.
As I have mentioned in previous letters, I am rather inexperienced with these kinds of things. My knowledge of romance and such things consist entirely of stories forced onto me by my various elder relatives about their own soulmates, and even then most of those I've deleted. I've had little interest in relationships, at least not to the extremes of most people our age, though you've probably figured that out - it hardly takes a genius. Anyway, please don't expect a Shakespearean sonnet out of this, as I will be blunt with what I want to say.
"Ah yes. My boyfriend, the war hero." There was only the tiniest hint of genuine sarcasm to this statement. "Mycroft told me the details."
They sat down at a table. "I've been doing research about the tournament," Sherlock explained, "and the statistics show that the first tournament is always a test on physical strength and skill. A duel, perhaps, or battling some kind of creature: a dragon, perhaps."
“I know. But then again, you’ve mentioned twice now about me surprising you by coming to visit. It’s okay, you know. I miss you too.”
"I'd best get back out there," Sherlock muttered, then abandoned his seat to join the other dancers, and he was soon lost to the crowd.
But this time, he’s not alone. He senses it from the moment he wakes up without even needing to look. When he does, his anxiety softens and his pain sets itself aside, just a little.
In light of his shocking yet unsurprising realisation, John makes breakfast for the two of them the next morning. It’s rather awful being in love with someone unattainable and who is also your best friend, so he figures that he may as well make the most of it. Pancakes are in order. After all, Sherlock does have a hidden sweet tooth and after spending all day chasing criminals and gathering evidence, he will need the sustenance.
He ran out of his seat and down the stairs to the stretcher John was being placed in, pushing past whoever had tried to stop him. He heard himself gasping out John's name as he knelt on the ground next to him, hoping those closed eyes would open and give some sign, any sign, that the blood staining Karlssen and the stretcher, was unneeded, unlethal. John's eyes - those beautiful, dark blue eyes that Sherlock swore held entire galaxies - were closed, and Sherlock felt panic rise in his throat. He grabbed John's wrist and felt for a pulse, squeezing slightly too hard and sobbed out a sigh of relief when he found one, though it was too soft and too fast for it to be a complete source of comfort.
"I am clearing up my little brother's mess, as he so stupidly decided to get out of bed in the dead of night to meet a serial killer. What about you?"
Sherlock opened his mouth, possibly to answer, probably to point out the cliche nature of what John just said, but was interrupted as a man with long hair tied in a ponytail and a beard came out of the kitchens.
Sherlock swallows back the retort “yes, you entered the tri-wizard tournament” as it was generally an unspoken rule that the tournament was to go unmentioned as much as possible. It had brought them both more loss and pain than glory and fortune. Instead he opted for, “Yes, you married me.”
“Welcome, everyone, to the first rehearsal of Twelfth Night.” She pauses, as though expecting applause and cheers. Instead, she receives polite clapping from John and Harry and an unenthusiastic whoop from the corner. “For those who don’t know me, I’m Irene Adler, and I am co-directing along with my friend Harry Watson. Now, some of you may be wondering why we have decided to undertake the arduous task of…”
“Perhaps,” he replies. “And you would have insisted on putting it up on the blog, giving it some god-awful name and romanticising every detail unnecessarily.”
Sherlock turned over to lie on his back, his neck turned to face John. "I thought you were going to get your first aid kit." He muttered sleepily.
. At this point, there won’t be any room for people to arrive... Actually, in that case, let’s do some more balloons.”
"Agreed. Please, Sherlock." The two stopped in the middle of the corridor. John was probably attempting to do some form of 'puppy eyes' (hopefully mockinglyy), as his eyes widened slightly and his head tilted, "For me?"
Thankfully, 1 o'clock came and Sherlock could gather up his stuff and go down to the carriages. It was crowded, with extra Durmstrangs and Beuxbatons saying goodbye to friends for Christmas. Out of the corner of his eye he saw John and Mary kissing. Sherlock didn't bother acknowledging the familiar ache in his chest. They broke apart, spoke, then hugged. But John was facing Sherlock's direction, and they ended up making eye contact with each other. Sherlock looked away immediately.
John came back to Hogwarts after a two-week break, on the sixth of January, by train with Mary. The holidays had been, needless to say, pretty good. Mary met his parents (not for the first time - their families had been friends in the summer holidays), he had gotten great Christmas presents (a book about quidditch from Sherlock, money from his parents, cologne from Mary, a magic trick set from Harry - the same one he had gotten every Christmas since his Hogwarts letter's arrival) and, well, the kissing was very very good.
Sherlock makes the call and even goes downstairs to get it when it arrives. He’s changed so much since John last lived here, not counting the months before Christmas - he’s kinder, more considerate, more weary, so much so it sometimes terrifies John that his years abroad - almost literally - beat him into submission. But then again, the old Sherlock is still there, all the snark and stubbornness and sharp wit.
Honestly, your letter is better than any Shakespearean sonnet you could have given me. I've reread it probably a dozen times, trying to come up with something to say that would compete with all of that. You're a romantic, Sherlock Holmes, and I can hear you scoffing all the way over here, but don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
“I have decided to stay away from home for a little while, except I’m staying at Liam’s house for a couple of days. He offered when I told him about what happened and my parents didn’t protest, so here I am.”
"Of course. He told me all about your cleverness and your funny ways. Nothing too embarrassing, of course." Mary smiled.
"Sorry. I came to refill your coffee and it was just open and - and I got curious. Sorry. I'll leave you alone."
This isn't their first meeting, so Sherlock is surprised, even somewhat disgusted at himself for how much he is fretting over this. It's pathetic really, and he scoffs and rolls his eyes at his smartened up appearance in the mirror; at the note he leaves for his parents with detailed instructions including
You've mentioned 'deleting' a couple of times now. Should I know what that means? Or am I an idiot who lives under a rock?
John: What about the time you dragged me to a party because you said everyone would be there and so he would be as well, except it turned out that he doesn’t like parties so I had to stand in a corner for 3 miserable lonely hours because you said it would be rude to leave
"I just did, didn't I?" He replied deadpan, smirking softly, resorting to humour as he felt the conversation drawing to a close. He brought his hand up to cup Sherlock's cheek. "It'll be alright. I swear it." He sounded so certain, so confident in Sherlock that Sherlock's eyes pricked dangerously with tears. He blinked rapidly then exhaled shakily. "Ok."
“When we get back to uni, I swear I’m never going to leave cuddling early for lectures. I honestly just don’t care anymore.”
"Expecto Patronum!" He shouted. At first there was nothing, then a silvery white stream flew out of his wand and started to take shape into the form of his patronus: a
He starts to lower the gun; if she's here to talk, he can talk. "And how long after faking your death for Joseph's benefit did you marry me? I'm fairly sure that, legally, the two of you are still married if you're both alive and well."
“You don’t think I know that?” Sherlock raises his voice, looking up and glaring into John’s eyes. “You don’t think I already blame myself every time you get hurt?”
"Can I finish?" Sherlock pressed his lips together in frustration. Janine nodded. "Thank you. One scenario is that you and Victor take a liking to each other and continue to live happily ever after with John out of the picture, no more than a friend. The other option is that John gets jealous and realises his undying love for you - "
“That would be great, but we live four hours apart. Won’t exactly be easy meeting up, and when we do, it won’t just be locked inside some bland hotel room.”
"Because you're barely of age and can't take care of yourself? You can't drop out of school Sherlock." John felt something close to anger rise up inside him, but he suppressed it. The last thing Sherlock needed right now was his boyfriend ranting at him about the importance of education. "What about your parents?"
Unfortunately, the only cafe available within walking distance is plain and drab, with only a few tacky tables from Ikea to sit at and a menu that never changes, hardly the sort that would be found in London. The one mildly scandalous fact about the place is that they once sold the local supermarket's brownies instead of their usual homemade ones. (There was a huge outcry from its frequent customers, and they received several letters of complaint and even had an article written about it in the local newspaper). There were only three other people there: two old ladies gossiping about the plans for the next village fete, and behind the counter is a bored-looking seventeen-year-old boy whom Sherlock has never spoken to and won't attempt to do so other than to order his and John's coffee.
"And the Hogwarts champion is," Sherlock came rushing back to earth as he leaned slightly forward in his seat. "John Watson!"
"Speaking of soulmate, Rebecca - you're from Cardiff - that was originally just a guess but Liam confirmed it. It took you a while to grow to like Liam, so much so you almost considered applying for a new one. However, something put you off reapplying - possibly the time delay it takes to match you with someone new, but maybe it was a horror story from a family friend about reapplication. So you stuck it out. It was when Liam did a grand, romantic gesture you were assured that he was 'the one' so to speak. I'd guess that it was buying you that necklace you're currently wearing."
In the drawing match, Mycroft drew out a blue gem, decreeing him god of the sky and king of the gods. Eurus drew out the green gem and was made goddess of the sea, but also decided to take on goddess of earthquakes as a secondary title, so that she could feel a little better about her lot. And finally, Sherlock drew out a red gem, making him the god of death and king of the underworld, where he was to stay for eternity
He shakes his head. “Sorry, Mary. Sounds great, but it’s my sister’s birthday. I’ll be in Edinburgh all weekend.”
He took a deep breath, suppressing all gut instincts and his father's disapproving voice in his head saying this was an awful, horrible, incredibly stupid idea. Generations of the family secret remaining hidden, and John was wanting to throw that tradition out of the window, and for what? To spare Sherlock's feelings. (Worth it.) "Say you got a chance to...redo it all. What would you do?"
"There's nowhere for you to go, now," Sherlock says, as calmly as he can as he recovers his breath. "You're under arrest for the murder of Lila Madison, Oliver Fox, and Tom Marshall."
“I like walks with you, and getting to collect soil samples. Now I can’t even hold hands with you, and mum says it’s not ‘sanitary’ to bring dirt into the house nowadays.”
I kissed you because I wanted to (and yes, I suppose I agree- it is rather nice to be able to write it properly instead of using euphemisms). I did not kiss you because I felt obliged to, or because you paid for our meal, or because it was just because you wanted. I didn't even know if you did want to at the time - it was a risk that was less calculated than my risk-taking normally is. I simply knew I would regret it if I left without trying it at least once. I suppose it all worked out for the better, didn't it?
“We can,” she replies. “It’s him. Beyond a doubt. Look at the envelope.” John turns over the envelope in his hand and notices a blood-red seal with a bird stamped on the wax.
Sherlock always found his house relatively unexciting - dark red walls surrounded by green fields, a front garden, a good half hour's walk away from the town, so that by the time he and John make it there they're both soaked through, even John who was so smug about remembering his own coat earlier. John doesn't seem to find it too disappointing. In fact, he's staring at it with wide eyes. "Wow. That's - um - big."
"Oh, John." Mary tuts and shakes her head, like a despairing mother over her child. "I had hoped it wouldn't come to this, but I will not hesitate to kill you either if you get in my way."
"Old jumper. Old phone. Bags under your eyes. Jumpy at loud noises. Financial stress and sleep deprivation caused by PTSD. Obvious."
"What would you do if Lestrade was here, Mycroft?" Sherlock snapped, rose to his feet, trying his best to compensate for the slight height difference between them. "If Lestrade was in danger, if you were responsible for his life, if you were in my shoes? Would you still be sucking up to the ministry's arse and trust them to protect Lestrade from someone who has so much power? Because they do. They do have power. Over me. Over you. Perhaps even over the ministry." Sherlock's voice had lowered to barely above a whisper, Mycroft's face softening in kind. "That's how they could kill all those people in the summer and go undetected, and know enough about me to exploit my one pressure point. There's nothing we can do to stop they Not now. Not until we meet them face to face. That's our best play."
Eurus, the youngest God of the three siblings, thought it best for only one to rule over it alone, so as to avoid arguments and unnecessary debates, and for this to be decided in a fight to the death. (Gods can’t really die, but the loss of their strength and powers for all eternity is as good as.) Sherlock, the middle sibling, wanted a battle of wits, as only the wisest of the gods should have the most power. Mycroft, the eldest and (as he would say) the wisest, however, decided to divide the world into three: the sky, the sea, and the underworld. They would decide through drawing out coloured gems to assign each god their realm, a just and equal verdict. Eurus and Sherlock agreed to this, as neither of them wanted to end up dead, or worse, deemed the stupidest sibling.
After Sherlock's death, when the alcohol became more of a nuisance than a suitable distraction (there's only so many times a week one can wake up sobbing and vomiting before one decided enough is enough), his next solution was work. Extra hours, extra effort, his hands and mind kept busy as he scribbled out prescriptions for patients, refusing to let himself think of how much the boy with the dark curls and pouty eyes, the woman with the sharp cheekbones, the old man with the long dark coat reminded him of Sherlock. He keeps those feelings of grief and nostalgia tightly locked away, letting it sit heavy on his chest until it is time to continue with work again. There isn't time for considering an office friendship or romance. Just constant working.
"Excellent, let's do it." Sherlock turns around and starts to speedily walk towards the exit. John has to jog slightly to keep up with his long strides.
"The authorities will do everything they can to find them. Trust me." He lowered his hands to Sherlock's forearms. "For now, Sherlock, stay in your dorm. I expect everyone else has been sent to theirs, now."
The adult - a teacher, female, Mcgonagall - sat him down against the wall and - Sherlock guessed - ordered a nearby Auror to watch over him.
"Shut up, John. I get texts." Sherlock looks at his phone then immediately leaps up out of his seat. "It's Lestrade. A case!"
John ran out of the ravenclaw common room and down the spiral staircase, his cloak flying behind him. He sped through several corridors, slowing down only to catch his breath. Eventually he reached the stairs that led directly to Gryffindor's common room, with Greg walking up them alone. John called his name as he caught up to him, and he turned around to greet him.
"I've been doing some thinking," Sherlock breathed shakily. "And I don't think staying another year will be beneficial to me or my career."
"Well then, I suppose I just would have to keep you indoors, within my sight at all times.” Sherlock crawls over and rests his head on John’s shoulder, ever the cuddler, even in this heat. “There are worse views to have, I suppose.”
I'm sure everyone - ex-students, current students and competitors alike - wishes our representative in the tournament the best of luck. The first tournament will take place on the ninth of November./
John tried to reason with himself: You can't save them all, it's not your fault, you have saved so many more lives than you have lost. But that didn't stop the overwhelming wave of guilt crashing over him, stinging behind his eyes and filling his lungs like heavy tar.
“Yup. In and out of surgery, fighting off an infection. You've been through it all. You’re a lucky man, John Watson.”
“No, of course. What else could I say? As well as the fact that it’s a six month waiting list, and I would likely be matched up with someone younger than me, I don’t want another soulmate! I don’t understand how they don’t understand it yet. The system matched us up, we’re compatible by at least 97%, and they somehow think I’m making all this up! And somehow I’ve brought the government into my ‘phase’.”
"The tri-wizard tournament is a tradition, one which has lasted hundreds of years. It celebrates the diversity of the wizarding world and cooperation between our countries. It celebrates achievement, determination, and friendly competition. This is why to enter is such a great honour: perhaps as great as winning.
"My friend was the one who wrote an article about him. He's very clever. A little rude, she said, but very intelligent. And interesting. You must feel a little insecure - hanging around him, being in his shadow all the time - "
John hadn’t meant to say that out loud and it only became clear that he did from the startled expression on Sherlock’s face. John laughs humorlessly and stares at his half-empty wine glass, the sixth one that evening. “Sorry. It’s true though. Factually speaking.”
Sherlock turns even more red, a flush spreading from below his neck to his head, and downs the last of his drink. “I think we’re onto the next level of Never Have I Never, then. No more things we already know about each other.”
They play five rounds, two of which John wins, surprisingly, though he has a feeling Sherlock may have cheated slightly to let him win. As they play, Sherlock scribbles down notes in his notebook, which John makes a mental note to ask to look at later. They then switch over from Operation to chess (awful, John loses within five minutes every single round), from chess to Cluedo (John wins, but only because Sherlock refuses to play properly due to the insult of the game on his profession) from Cluedo to connect four (far too easy. Sherlock practically goves up, allowing John to win a shallow victory.) Finally, they play Scrabble, which John feels slightly more confident about.
Sherlock smiled at him one final time, then he too left the tent. John had nothing left to do except sit and wait, going over any possible leverage the Milverssen would have against him.
As the other students stood waiting and talking quietly amongst themselves, Molly leaned towards Sherlock, "Where were you two? I was worried you were swimming in the lake or dying or something."
"I think the question you should be asking, Sherlock," Greg grinned, "is who he is staring at. Girl taken your fancy, John?"
"Together. We're better off together," John interrupted insistently. "Yes, it's dangerous, but I agreed to be your partner, didn't I? I knew that there would be danger."
“It’s okay. Honestly,” Sherlock breathed. God, he’d missed his voice. His smell. His weight on top of him. “I suppose it's to be expected, when one crawls into bed without warning beside an army doctor who has seen combat."
Harry grabs his wrist before John turns away. "So are you going to do it then? Tell mum and dad?" She whispers, her eyes wide.
John chuckles, making Sherlock grin softly. “It’s still… a lot. A lot of getting up at night - she is getting better, though, mind you. - Paying for the house and groceries with half the number of paychecks than before. I mean - who knows where she’s gone or for how long?”
You deduced correctly about why I don't drink. I mean, I don't mind having a little bit. But seeing what alcohol's done to my dad and my family, it's not exactly a great advertisement of the stuff. I don't know if it will be permanent. Maybe not. It does sometimes get a bit lonely being sober. And the idea of a magical courage-inducing liquid that can make the most serious of mothers dance and embarrass her son, or can make the most loyal of married vicars gay as a maypole, would seem appealing, but only when ignoring everything else that comes as a side effect. Still, I like being there to take care of people. It makes me feel useful.
"We all hope that you enjoy your time here, and that your stay is safe," John swore he saw Mcgonagall glance pointedly at Karlssen, "and comfortable.
"We both said things we didn't mean to say. Though there is a degree of truth to the words, or at least to mine, we shouldn't place too much significance on them. I apologise for what I said, as it was ill-thought out and insensitive. If you wish to take back what you said, I will delete them immediately and we can move on." As he speaks, quickly and matter-of-factly and his defences built back up, John wonders how many times he rehearsed this before now, and if there were previous drafts where he actually said the goddamn truth.
“Exactly. They’re not even going to be good actors. The only thing going for them is that they’re enthusiastic. They’re theatre kids without talent. Like when people who can’t sing go on Britain’s Got Talent, but without the entertainment.”
Sherlock's eyes widened, then looked down at the blank duvet. He swallowed, fiddling with a loose thread. "That's one of things you should know, that they haven't told you yet," he said, voice barely above a whisper.
"Yes. To answer your question, it was dull. The most interesting thing to happen was serial murders but the police wouldn't let a sixteen year old get involved."
Greg smiles wearily, his dark brown eyes brightening. Molly finds herself rather liking them, warm and safe and trustworthy. “Thanks. Not as great as if I was actually able to play him. Unlike you - you’re great at this. You got the lines spot on. The part really suits you.”
"Doesn't it, though?" He gives a self-deprecating smile, bitter and half-hearted. "Sometimes I think it's the only thing that was holding us together. That, and our daughter."
"Relax, they're plastic and little better than children's binoculars. You're not going to stand out."
“I thought I told you to delete that one,” Sherlock now says with a pout to rival Rosie’s. John grins.
Sherlock scoffed. "'Services'. Fine. How about, eight hours tonight, and then I tip you generously tonight instead of sleeping two nights in a row. See? If it's a tip, it's not charity."
"Maria Morton, the first victim. 20 miles away from your home." Lestrade identified her. Sherlock turned around and another body appeared, male this time.
John opened his mouth to explain, then stopped and sighed, "Never mind. They'll explain it in assembly. I'm too -" he yawned, "- tired to go over it."
They come out of their hiding place and walk past the various dressing rooms, Sherlock whispering excitedly about the various parts of the ballet he's found interesting so far:
When Sherlock woke up the next morning, he immediately became aware of the blinding pain in his forehead weighing him down on the bed. He groaned, clutching his head. The next thing he was aware of was John's medical kit lying on the floor by his bed, as though it had been lying on top of Sherlock's bedcovers and was then kicked off in the middle of the night. But why was it there - oh.
“Yeah, well, I haven’t had a job since I came home. But now finally feel motivated enough to get one. I have you to thank, really.”
Stomachs and hands warmed by the coffee, which John rates a solid seven out of ten in his humble, qualified barista opinion (
"Of course. The angle of the darts shows that only people sitting in the front row would have been able to hit them. They were the people closest to the stage, other than the orchestra, of - oh." In his mind's eye, John could see the look on Sherlock's face, mouth open in realisation with his eyes almost comically wide. He allowed himself a small, proud smile.
"Well, that would depend on the experiment, surely," John quips, satisfied at the twitch of lips his joke gets in response. "Well, I could fill that position."
I'd like to think I'd be prepared for any form of news, accept it and move on and just know whatever happens is for the best, but I don't think I will. I could barely handle the idea of Redbeard being missing and alive, let alone him b
In terms of what we sign off with, we can keep going with 'friend' if you want. But how would you feel about this?
He wanted to wake John up, talk to him for hours and hours until his throat ached about the case and Afghanistan and just how much he’d missed him. He wanted to curse him for leaving and beg him to stay, to not even leave this room or this bed ever again. He wanted to kiss him and strip him down and tease him until he was a pleading, writhing mess beneath him, incapable of leaving his side. He wanted to embrace him and never let go and whisper in his ear over and over -
"Not an option. The closest thing I have to a friend is my landlady, who is insufferable enough as it is." The way he said these words was fond enough for John not to think he had an irrational hatred of his landlady. "And I'm not in a relationship. Even if I was, I doubt people let their significant others experiment on them."
"That was probably the highlight of my week," John chuckles. "Write as soon as you get home, so I know you got home safe. Or call"
"Miss Hawkins, would you please reach inside the bag and pick out one of the things inside it." Mcgonagall held the bag out in front of Janine, and she slowly reached her hand inside. As she brought her hand out, in the palm of her hand was a miniature, moving, fire-breathing dragon. She looked nervously between Madam Maxime and the pearl-coloured creature in her hand. "The Antipodean Opaleye." Mcgonagall said. "Mister Moran?"
"No, you're not, John. You were defending me. I'd rather you did that than just...agree with your father in order to appease him. And there was little you could have said that wouldn't have shown your parents' true colours."
John knew that Sherlock’s mother had an important job at the ministry, one that had earned the Holmes’ lots of money. But whenever he asked about it Sherlock shrugged and gave a vague answer. “She says it’s a minor position, but in essence she is the Ministry of Magic. She has access to all files, all information. People go to her for help. She’s a polymath.” After a few years of asking, John gave up.
He wanted to kiss him then and there, but he thought it would have been too much, too soon, too fast. If Mycroft was right about what he implied at the palace, John would have given him nothing less than the respect and time that he deserved.
"Actually, you have no need for concern, Karlssen." Mcgonagall smiled coolly. "We have all the existing protective enchantments around the castle, and liquid from the Thief's Downfall has been added to everyone's drinks."
"I wasn't talking about the case." John's mouth fell open in a small 'oh' of understanding, and Sherlock nodded. "Yes, so I'm afraid you're going to have to delay your usual post-case cup of tea and candle-lit bath."
However, exam season does have a bonus, and that is getting to smugly watch all the idiots I've known and loathed since primary school have breakdowns and become stressed when their tiny minds can't comprehend what an endothermic reaction is, or how to solve a quadratic equation. It's rather relaxing to watch other people suffer due to their own stupidity, don't you think?
No offence, but you're being a little bit dramatic. I'm fine, I promise. The pain has eased slightly now. Besides, I was sort of focused on you and your apparent disappearance off the face of the earth, and then the reason for that, so you can't blame me for forgetting to tell you. But I promise next time I break a bone I will tell you about it. Not that I'll have much opportunity to now I'm stuck at home.
But John was stopped by Sherlock pressing his mouth against his. It wasn't particularly romantic - in fact it was fairly obvious that Sherlock had never kissed anyone before I his entire life; John was fairly certain Sherlock was holding his breath while his (soft, chapped gorgeous) lips were trapped against his. But something about knowing that it was Sherlock who was kissing him, it was Sherlock's hand covering his, made John freeze in shock, his brain complete shut off, before it even occurred to him to kiss back.
"I have neither the time nor the patience to meet other people. They bore me and disappoint me, usually."
"I was designed to be intimidating," a voice whispered hoarsely - neither male nor female, and John realised it was the Milverssen, "to criminals or the like. You're afraid of me, aren't you?"
Sherlock eyed the envelope suspiciously, then took it from Mycroft's fingers. He studied both sides suspiciously. On the one side was a red wax seal of a magpie, on the other was distinctly masculine writing of his name in black ink.
Harry: Me and this other girl Irene (goes to some of my lectures) are directing Twelfth Night and we have generously chosen you to play the part of Sebastian
“Fine. They’re all fine. Harry is basically on the phone to her girlfriend constantly. Mum is working herself to the bone on the nightshifts at the care home. Dad is… stressed. We don’t know when or if his next paycheck will come in.”
John tries to pay attention to the ballet. He truly does. It does look interesting for a tiny bit - a beautiful woman dancing around a man in a kilt sleeping on a chair. And he knows how important this is for Sherlock But then his attention averts to other things - how long can they stay there? What will they do at the interval? What should they eat for dinner? He turns to look at Sherlock to wonder if he is enjoying it any more than John is, and he smiles when he sees the look on Sherlock's face.
Heads turned to look at him as he entered the hall. Maybe it was the uniform which immediately showed him up as Not Usual. Maybe they knew that he carried the support and pressure for him to win from the whole school on his shoulder. Either way, he kept looking straight ahead until he reached where Greg was sitting.
Your deductions were completely correct. My dad was actually in the army, but was suspended permanently due to his alcohol addiction interfering with his work, so obviously that hasn't helped the whole situation with my parents. I'm not sure how much authority I have to confirm the intelligence and sense of humour thing, but I have had a couple of girlfriends. No boyfriends yet. My school is pretty small so there aren't many guys here who swing my way, at least none who are out. What about you? Have you had any girlfriends or boyfriends?
enjoyed it or not. I’m a shit dancer and I don’t drink so I had to be the designated nanny for quite a lot of them rather than join in with their drunken shenanigans. Even so, it was nice. I’ve made new friends, I had a laugh, made people laugh when I tried to dance. Solid 7/10 evening, I’d say.
"Rosamund, or Katherine. I may not be the... best of godfathers. Frankly, I still think I'm a terrible choice for John to pick. But regardless, I will do whatever I can do within my power to keep you safe, to protect you and... do whatever it is godfathers do. I made a vow to do so already, but I feel it needs repeating/ So, there. I hope that's of comfort to you."
"He will currently be treated in the infirmary, given the necessary treatments before being put under, into a comatose state in order to assure quick treatment, I suspect. But we don't know anything about the knife. If it was laced with dark magic or not. That would affect it considerably."
"We'll make a fine animagus out of you yet, Alissia. With a bit of practice, your transformations will come as naturally to you as your normal wand magic."
Which is why it came as such a shock to him when he woke up to find John fully dressed in his t-shirt and shorts, and packing up his things into his suitcase.
“John,” Sherlock speaks first when they separate, voice rough. He clears his throat. “You do realise how cliche this is.”
The body, a red-haired woman in her mid to late thirties, is in the living room, in the middle of the floor and lying in a pool of her own blood. She seems fairly normal, in an ordinary flat without any sign of a particularly exciting or extravagant lifestyle, except for the many candles around the room and the books on 'How to Prepare for the Apocalypse' and 'Is Your Soul Ready for Doomsday?'. As promised, the little finger of her right hand is missing, cut off post-mortem. John waits for a sign of horror, or disgust, or guilt at trespassing in the home of someone so recently dead, but instead, he is calm. Focused. Ready for battle. Sherlock is equally unbothered, crouching close to the dead body and inspecting her with his miniature magnifying glass at an unnervingly close proximity.
Joseph glares fiercely, insulted. “Mr Holmes, I would not be so dismissive. I have travelled all the way from Austria to see you, and I would appreciate a little respect.” John can’t help but smile to himself, as Sherlock relinquishes his pride and murmurs an apology. Joseph continues, “you see, I could scarcely believe it either. So I took pictures.” Joseph reaches into his jacket for his phone, scrolls through it until he gets to the pictures he needs, then hands it to Sherlock. “She doesn’t look imaginary. I don’t even think she looks like a ghost. Her hair is different, and she even looks slightly older. Like she’s aged while she was dead.”
“‘Lawyer’,” Sherlock repeated with a scoff. “No. I don’t have a name for what I do yet, but essentially I’m a detective.”
"Oh, god. Okay. We need to get them out of the way of the audience. Out here. And then we should call the - "
The day of the second round of the tournament, John was less nervous than he was for the first. Besides the fact that John was completely and utterly unprepared for this, despite having had two months to prepare, and that John had no idea what was happening that day, he was reasonably confident about it. He once managed to pass a defence against the dark arts exam with no revision whatsoever - how hard could this be?
“I hear that’s a universal experience among fathers, about how they feel about becoming one. ‘Women become mothers when they find out they're pregnant, men become fathers when they see their child for the first time.’”
“She didn’t even say goodbye or explain herself. We could have helped. We could have found a safe house or increased security or asked for more information on Moriarty to deal with the threat.” His head hurts with the burden of all the ways he could have prevented this, all the mistakes he made from the day he married her.
The doors to the Great Hall opened before Sherlock could argue back. On the bench to the right, Mary and Janine were sitting next to each other and giggling. They looked up and Mary waved them over. Janine whispered something into Mary's ear, and Mary laughed. Sherlock didn't trust that.
Sherlock retreated up to his dorm, and he found all the other boys in the dorm staring at him wide-eyed - like they expected him to suddenly lash out or burst into tears like some Austen heroine. Some were sat on each other's beds talking in groups. Others were already prepared to go to sleep. Sherlock ignored them as he grabbed his clothes and took them into the bathroom to change, his head held steadily up, though his teeth were gritted so hard his jaw hurt.
“Then why are your hands shaking so much?” John retorted. Sherlock let go of John’s arm and turned him around to face him, his eyes wide with panic hidden under layers of anger, the look of an addict who had been caught out.
When he finally, finally entered the club, the crowd of dancers were still there. He wove his way through, trying to look for a tall, lean body, for a dark curl at the nape of a neck, for muscles straining under a purple shirt, but he could find none of these, no sign of Sherlock being there at all.
"Well, Father always spends hours looking at wines. They'd most likely want to stay in the village for a late lunch - you can make an omelette, they trust you to make sure I eat. Though we may not necessarily have all day to indulge, we still have the next - " Sherlock turned over to reach for John's watch on the bedside table, squashing John into making a small 'oof!' in protest as he leant across him - "Six hours."
He turns around. "Your experiment?" He decides that he may as well be honest. No one is going to complain about customer service at a 5 am shift. "Sounds pretty dangerous, going all that time without sleep."
"Excellent," Sherlock grinned, then from under the table between them he drew out a brightly coloured cardboard box and opened it. "We'll start with Operation."
“Are you decent, boys?" A familiar female voice says from behind the door, and John's stomach plummets to the floor. The mocking voice of your ex-wife - more effective than any cold shower, apparently. "It's rude to leave a guest standing outside your door for too long."
John: Fine. I’ll do it. Worst case scenario is I have a laugh doing this stupid play and I embarrass myself in front of him
I’m not a person who can be surprised easily. Do not think I’m bragging or exaggerating when I say I have highly above average intelligence and I can predict people’s actions as easily as I can read most other things about people, from simple observation of patterns. But I have to say, your response was unexpected.
"Yes. The thing is, Moriarty - oh, that's his name, by the way - kept calling her a different name. Alissia."
Sherlock is getting bored. John can tell from the way he is slumped in his chair and tapping his fingers impatiently, but at least he’s a little better at hiding it. “This is simply guilt caused by your recent engagement manifesting itself in your everyday life, nothing more. A therapist is what you need, not a detective.”
“Yeah. Bubbles, bath oils, candles... the whole shebang. Now, I know baths aren’t really your thing - ”
if you said you'd rather stay with me. Do you cook? My parents would trust you with the ovens, and I would get to eat something that isn't bland and uncooked for once. It would also mean not having to socialise with so many people, particularly so many drunk people. Also:
“I can’t say I relate much with my own sibling, who I’m very much happy seeing only a few times a year when he visits, but I suppose what you want is perfectly reasonable.”
"It's the west tower, so keep heading that way to the West Entrance." Sherlock pointed limply to the general area in front of them. "Then go up the stairs. You'll recognise the way from there."
If you were to ask Sherlock Holmes the first time he and John Watson met, he would confidently be able to tell you Lab room 2, St Bart's Hospital, London, 29th of January 2010 at 11:47 in the morning.
“No, I don’t know.” Sherlock did. He absolutely did. He was smirking mischievously, knowing full well what John was tiptoeing around.
"Assuming the murderer is in any way interested in your website and how to identify 240 types of tobacco ash."
I just have one question: does this mean we're in a romantic relationship now? I'm aware that I originally expressed a distaste for such things, but don't be put off. You'll remember I wasn't particularly optimistic about the idea of friendship either, and that's worked out well, hasn't it?
He hesitates, then sighs and nods in reluctant agreement, sealing it with a kiss to John's hand. “Fine. A week. I suppose, in comparison to six years of waiting, it’s not very long at all.”
Sherlock rubs slightly at the mark, with his gloved hand, and when it obstinately refuses to smudge, Sherlock grins, his eyes widening as though on the verge of an epiphany. "Oh," he breathes. "Oh! Brilliant, John." He grabs John's face in both hands and kisses his forehead, so quickly that by the time Sherlock has stood up John is still staring blankly, trying to figure out what the hell just happened. "Now things are getting interesting. Lestrade, did the other victims have any trace of a tattoo on their hand? Who am I kidding, you wouldn't see it, your eyesight's too poor."
He was generally ignored for most of the day. Or at least, people attempted to give the illusion that he was being ignored, them averting their eyes politely when Sherlock glared at them. Or rather, when his permanent glare was fired in their direction.
"Excellent deduction. No, I'm here for you." Mycroft pulled out a letter from his pockets. "An owl delivered this for you just now."
"I owled you, Sherlock." A new sing-song voice joined the room, making Sherlock jump slightly. "I thought you might reply."
"I - 'Love' is a bit extreme, isn't it?" Sherlock felt his hand shaking slightly as he closed his book on the desk.
“Waiting,” he replies and clears his throat. “He runs marathons. There’s no way we could out run him, so we’ve taken a shortcut. If I’ve estimated correctly, he should be along in a couple of minutes.”
"The ugly jumpers are the only way of diluting my charm." John feigns a sigh. "It's a curse, really."
“She still would have gone,” Sherlock says firmly. “She knew that you and Rosie would be targeted with her presence.”
The conversation drifted down other tangents. Janine attempted to talk to Sherlock, but when she realised that Sherlock would rarely give more than a one or two-word answer, she gave up and chatted on to Mary.
They continued speed-walking up the stairs, for most of the way in silence, except for Greg telling John that Mycroft had left Hogwarts for home earlier that week for 'some interview at the ministry. His mum works there, so she got him a potential job offer. Nothing major, obviously.'
"I don't know, but Slughorn told me the potion was perfect, so maybe an O? I don't know. Honestly I'm just so relieved it's over."
Maybe she’s sulking after our fight, John thinks, and then decides to get up when the continued crying becomes too much for him to bare.
"Of course not," Sherlock replies haughtily. "Why should I be? He has absolutely nothing going for him you could possibly be attracted to."
"First let John go," Sherlock said firmly, to which Moriarty chuckled again, a noise which clutched at Sherlock's chest like a vice and made Sherlock pulse race anxiously. "Alright. Fine." He nodded over at Moran, who with a flick of his wand released John of whatever imperius curse was holding him, causing him to collapse onto the floor like a puppet whose strings had been cut.
Even with Sherlock yelling about the inaccuracies of the films, or rolling his eyes whenever James Bond started snogging yet another woman after twenty four hours of knowing  her, it’s the best date he had had in a long time. Perhaps because of those things.
"You're not stupid. Impatient, yes. Not stupid. I haven't even finished my story yet and you're already insulting yourself." Sherlock sniffed, words lacking any harshness, too tired for it.
"I see. And what's in it for you? Do you want money for your time? Because that's possible and only fair..."
Inviting John on the Family Holiday with the Holmes' was possibly the best idea Mrs Holmes has ever had. And coming from Sherlock, this was a very high compliment indeed.
Sherlock exhales and smiles, as though relieved. “Well, if you want to deliberately sabotage your interview, I have a myriad of ways of getting people to never want to speak to me again.”
"What can you do? You're not even of age, Sherlock," John said gently. "Maybe you should listen to the Minister and wait."
"No. But it's okay. She says she might have saved enough by October. I'm making the best of what I have."
“No! No, of course not. It’s the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard. Besides, probably the most appropriate gift to exchange. It is a little soon for... rings at this point. Marriage. That kind of commitment against adversity. Heh heh.”
The Beuxbatons all walked out with a similar atmosphere of sophistication, superiority and elegance. They climbed out of the carriage, heads held high and John was surprised that not one of them tripped up or did anything other than graceful. Unlike the Durmstrangs, they all wore clothes suited to much warmer weather than the current state. It was bright blue, silk-like material - boys wearing black trousers and waistcoats with a blue shirt, while girls wore blue dresses - which John would have envied if it weren't for the fact that all of them were shivering. And he probably would have looked like a prat in that colour.
“Yeah. I think we’re in the same position in this case,” John says quietly, glancing surreptitiously at the bed in case Mary was awake and listening. She was still sound asleep.
Sherlock quickly broke away from John to face the man, allowing John a complete view of him. John guessed that this was Victor: the same age as Sherlock, as the bartender had said, with light brown curls and an eyebrow raised as his blue-green eyes took in the scene. Christ, he was perfect for Sherlock.
"You are given half an hour. If you can defeat it within that time, or you last the entire half hour without giving up, you pass. But if you ask for help or to leave, you fail and receive fewer points. Have I made myself clear?"
"So I can contact you for your 'services'," he explains with a smirk, and John has to accept. He types his number and name into the phone then hands it back over.
"Of course." Sherlock echoed. His fingers drifted to the wound at John's side, lifting the hem of John's shirt to expose it: one inch wide. A thin blade.
“Don’t get me wrong,” Sherlock says, stroking Redbeard’s middle head, “My job can be fascinating. All walks of life come to me eventually, by all means of various gruesome deaths. But then again, a man can only cope with seeing so many plague victims in his eternal lifetime before he starts to find it a little tedious.”
He steps out onto the balcony of Marco’s flat that looks out onto Florence. There’s still some activity on the street below him, couples holding hands and friends laughing and groups of tourists chatting amicably, aglow in the lights and whatever spirit will possess everyone into celebrating Valentine’s day when the morning comes. Even with the presence of someone in bed behind him, he feels surprisingly left out. He clicks on the lighter -
“You can hide it under your shirts, you know. I thought the simple chain would be better. More discreet if -“
"It doesn't matter." John pulled away from Sherlock, then threw the wipe away into a nearby rubbish bin.
"Definitely compared to last time Hogwarts hosted. Harry Potter was one of the Hogwarts' champions."
“Everything. Everything we’ve done. Everything I want to do. Our first time, the last time, our next time when we reunite. My brain is bursting with these indiscernable images and fantasies and experiences. Do you see John? The impact you’ve had?”
The Durmstrangs cheered as a tall, muscular boy with dirty blonde hair stood up from the within the crowd of Durmstrangs and made his way to the front. His thin lips were curled ever so slightly, but bore no sign of surprise.  Sherlock had to admit, he was handsome. And he wasn't the only one to agree; Molly was whispering in her friend's ear and giggling as she stared at Moran. But he looked too cruel, too tough, too untrustworthy. After shaking Mcgonagall's hand, he disappeared into the side chambers at the front. As the applause died down, the flames turned red again and another piece of paper was coughed out.
"You used to think I wasn't interested in anyone. That I wouldn't want to be with anyone. Kiss them. But I do." John's pulse quickened rapidly. Before he knew it, Sherlock's face was leaning towards his and in a blind hurry of panic, John stood up and pulled his wrist away from Sherlock's hand.
“Well, I thought it would be easier to get it out of the way. You didn’t seem like the type to let men stay for breakfast,” Sherlock replies, putting on the charming smile that had won Marco over earlier with ease.
He couldn't bring himself to regret the last one. He didn't even hesitate to pull the trigger at the time, not when Sherlock was in imminent danger of swallowing that damn pill, for the sake of nothing but his pride.
He never hated her more than when Sherlock tells him, his eyes full of pain and his voice wavering, shattering the quiet bubble of domesticity that formed around them in their months of cohabitation, that he will have to go back to Mary.
"No, it clearly advertises itself as 'fun for all ages', do keep up, John," Sherlock says calmly, as though speaking to someone especially ignorant. Sure enough, 'fun for all ages' is written distinctly on the box. Besides, I also have Cluedo, chess, scrabble and connect four. A diverse range of tests for different abilities. What's more scientific than that?"
"Moran," Sherlock replied. "But what motive would he have? He was the one most likely to win, judging by his performance in previous tournaments, and he and John have never come to any disagreements." Sherlock suddenly  felt a sick sense of deja vu.
“Tell Hope he’ll have to wait for a bit. Half an hour, maybe. Can’t have him going up and abducting Sherlock in the middle of...that.”
“Yeah, I’m still going to that. My parents don’t want my aunts and uncles and cousins talking - it’s an annual tradition, so I can’t just suddenly excuse myself for any reason. Also, I suppose they will have calmed down by then and gotten used to the idea... You know, I thought us being out of the house for six hours straight would have been enough. We were out in the dark! Past curfew! Any other time, my parents would have flipped, but nooo, just because my soulmate and the person I love happens to have a pe-“
"Yeah, let's do that. They'll get suspicious about why we're spending so much time in my room, otherwise." John stands up with a half-hearted laugh, and Sherlock follows behind him into the hall.
"Me? A sixteen-year-old giraffe-limbed boy who doesn't know what makes planets go around the sun?" Sherlock snorts with a shake in his voice. "Ridiculous theory."
told me to," John retorts. "I never really forgave her. She shot you, for Christ's sake. How could I have - what was it? Mutual respect or affection after that."
"Think literally and laterally." Sherlock advised "Double meanings, puns, all can be part of a riddle. Be creative, but sometimes the answer is obvious"
"Yeah, but I'm used to having my hands on the other person's waist. I have experience of this, so I should lead."
“Your silence speaks multitudes,” Mycroft remarks drily. “Right. That settles it. You are to spend a month on Earth, starting tomorrow.”
"Is it supposed to be that colour?" Sherlock and John looked down at the potion, which had turned blood red.
Sherlock snorted. "What you do is of no concern of mine. I just didn't want to give Mycroft the satisfaction of letting himself think that he could tell you what to do."
"What can I say? I'm the master of Black Five." John's smile is crooked and cheeky and Sherlock can't help emulating it softly.
"Good, there's still some things I want to learn, and I'd like to carry on kissing you for as long as possible." Sherlock's smile turned small and flirtatious.
P.S. In other news, I have a job now! It's nothing special, just working behind the counter at a cafe. I start next week. Still, I'm really excited, and I can start to save up money for a-level textbooks and uni and days out with you. Plus, I have to find something productive to do now I no longer have school to worry about. Or at least, until September.
"Look, my friend's drunk an and he needs to get in. I don't know the answer and Sherlock won't be able to. Can you just let us in?"
"What now? You give a speech about how 'caring is not an advantage' and 'it was only a matter of time'? Because that message has been engraved in my head quite plainly." Sherlock spat.
"You're okay," whispered Sherlock, half to himself, "you're going to be fine." Grunting with the effort, he lifted John up onto his hospital bed and lay him down on his back. As he pulled the quilt over John, the doors burst open and Mycroft walked in, wand held steadily out in front of him.
"So," Mary began, a slightly smug smile tugging at her lips. "Why didn't you call me, like I told you to?"
Sherlock felt better later that day. He stayed in bed for hours, sipping on water and taking bites out of food Molly smuggled out of the hall, getting up only to pack his trunk and wander aimlessly around the dorm. Soon, the migraine was replaced with boredom and he resorted to making random objects around the room levitate and dance above his head as he stayed lying down. He almost considered leaving the room.
"Well, don't," Greg snapped and Molly winced. "I don't want to talk about him." With that he left, heavy angry footsteps echoing down the halls, dimming into nothing.
“Well, I don’t want to be staying in that bedsit for anymore than I have to. But you’re right. Me being here isn’t doing either of us a favour.”
This is the chapter I've been most nervous about because I've been planning and drafting it for so long. The plot of this chapter and the plan has changed too many times to count and I'm still not entirely sure if this is the right one. But I got bored of redrafting and I am super behind schedule, so here it is.
Soon, a flautist approached Sherlock, who went through all the routine inspections - inside, around, piece by piece, case, note. Sherlock made a triumphant noise as on the inside of one of the pieces of the flute, he picked out four small objects, like tiny feather dusters - the fuzzy end was bright green, just like the darts.
Anyway, one notable event happened which made the whole thing slightly tolerable. My great aunt lives in a small village in the middle of nowhere, so you'd think that  on the rare occasion crime happens it would be easy to find the culprit, right? Nope. The local police there are so imbecilic they can't find a simple burglar. They use excuses like 'she's too nice to rob people! He always turns up to church, no one that pious would dare to steal things!' So I did the decent thing and intervened. Through asking the right questions and making the correct deductions, I found out that the burglar was the local doctor who took advantage of her affair with the local rich person (every village has one) to steal from him in the dead of night to pay for her daughter's university fees. Noble motivations regardless, the village is now down a doctor and I'm now even less popular there for it. I think it's worth it for the rush of solving the puzzle, even one that only took a few hours to solve.
"I try," Sherlock replies, softly, a small smile stretching his lips and crinkling his eyes. John can't help but notice the way said eyes dash across his face and body, a strange blueish-greenish intensity of his stare that would put John off if it was from anyone else.
“Then I’d probably be bored stiff,” John smiles. “We’re in this together, okay? No more taking personal responsibility for my own safety. I’m a grown man, Sherlock.” John takes Sherlock’s hand in his from where it rests between them and squeezes it on impulse, making Sherlock freeze slightly, before his shoulders relax again. “We’re in this together.”
“He’s shit at it, but at least he does it for free. So yeah, there’s nothing more we can do until the actual party." John held his hand out for Sherlock to take when he stood up. "Let's go home and change."
"I'm serious. I talk about you pretty much all the time, without meaning to, really. You're intelligent. You're...well, you're better off than we are. You have my attention 90% of the time. He doesn't like that."
And there it is, back again - the feeling of betrayal and disappointment and anger flaring up inside him, from when he first came out. He shakes it away - he shouldn't have expected any different, really. Mr Watson was too stubborn in his views to change that quickly. "Got it. See you inside, Mum."
"Not a wise thing to say to an ex-army captain who is currently in the perfect position to sprain your arms," John replies, tightening his grip to prove his point, making the man cry out.
"Please. I won't wake him up. I just - I just need - " Sherlock falters and struggles as he tries to explain, and the nurse takes pity, placing a hand on his shoulder. Sherlock tries not to flinch and shove it away.
Sherlock was left alone at lunch, reading over Ozymander's Guide To Dragon Care for the twenty-somethieth time to try and distract himself from the never ending sad bitterness of being left alone by John and Mary. Obviously, he understood, somewhat, why. Mary wanted 'alone time' with John, John wanted to be with Mary. Even so...
"You too. Well, dressrobes, not dress. Come on, every one else is in their place." John attempted to look back at Sherlock, but soon he was being dragged to the entrance of the Great Hall, and Sherlock and Victor was out of his peripheral vision.
“Yeah. If you give a ‘never have I ever’ you’ve actually done, you have to take a shot. Rules are rules.”
“I can’t take care of a child,” he splutters. “I can barely take care of myself. You do realise the kind of responsibility you’re trusting me with?”
“And if possible,” John continues, stroking the back of Sherlock’s hand with his thumb (Sherlock watches the movement with wide, disbelieving eyes), “I would like to recover as soon as possible so we can go home and I can show you how very much ‘okay’ all of this is. Also, to get you to safety. I imagine whoever it is that paid Mary to kill you won’t stop with that one attempt.”
John tried to sit up, but he was dragged back down to the mattress by something - an arm. The weight grumbled something unintelligible into his shoulder in a baritone voice.
Comforted, John does his best to settle the nervous twisting of his stomach, and focuses instead on the comforting weight of Sherlock's hand on him, his body heat bleeding through his shirt, Sherlock's eyes on him, and only him. They sway for the next song, and the next one, and the next one, until the room felt like it was spinning, as though they had been turning. They are pressed closer together now, practically chest to chest as Sherlock's thumb strokes smooth circles into John's skin, a soft caress.
“That’s the problem.” John huffed. “I’ve probably replaced everything in my head for the tournament with school stuff, and vice versa. I’ll probably end up reciting the different ingredients for polyjuice potion when asked to answer a riddle, or something like that.”
"You shouldn't need a book to tell you that insulting your child's soulmate, then kicking them out of the house for the night is a crap thing to do."
“Okay. And if it is? Are you really going to be much use against him right now? No offence, but you’re a bit of a mess. You’re going through withdrawal, you’ve barely eaten or slept, you look like you could collapse any second. I suggest, as your friend and your doctor, that you take the night off and recharge your batteries.”
Sherlock gave a small smile. "Good luck." Then he left, and John was left alone in the tent with the other contestants. He went back to his sitting.
Sherlock comes in and sits on the sofa, his head buried in his hands while John busies himself with the kettle, trying to keep calm. After all, his wife and child are asleep, and it probably wouldn’t do any good to wake them up with panicked and frustrated yelling. John brings a mug of tea over to Sherlock, who accepts, then sits beside him. They drink their tea in silence for a few moments, until he is sure that Sherlock has calmed down slightly, then asks. “Are you sure? That Moriarty’s back and we’re in danger?”
Sherlock looked at the girl's face - pouting, desperate - then John's - expecting, frowning pointedly - then sighed. "Fine. What does it look like?"
"When I came into the infirmary, you weren't in your bed. It was also surprisingly quiet and there was an absence of Madam Pomfrey. Naturally, I panicked and assumed the worst, but then you appeared standing in the middle of the room, talking in a monotone and with pale eyes. I knew then that, though thankfully alive - which I think is more than I can say about Madam Pomfrey, unfortunately - you were being controlled with the Imperius curse by 'M'. He entered the room soon enough, accompanied by two of his allies, one of whom was Moran. The other was Mary."
“They’re all of me.” Mary hands the photos to John for him to look at. It sickens him, now knowing someone was watching them, snapping photos of private smiles and inside jokes and the baby’s everyday milestones that occurred in those walks. “Look. I’m always the centre of the photo. You and Rosie are background collateral. This is a warning - I may be the target, but he will not hesitate to kill either of you.”
"We don't have an espresso listed, I'm afraid," John replies innocently. He may as well have fun with this to try and get through the next four hours, and the customer is giving off a public school vibe that deserves to be teased a little. "Want to try again?
I'm glad you've managed to enjoy yourself, despite the freezing conditions and the awkward situation with your parents. After all that has happened, you deserve a distraction for a little while and having a supportive extended family who treat you as they normally would. It's a shame, though, that they live so far away. You'd probably want to visit them more often if your parents continue giving you the silent treatment. Although, speaking of your parents, I do expect they should be getting used to the idea soon. They won't have any choice, if indeed, you do plan on keeping me around for a while like you say. (I have no problem with this plan and the feeling is entirely mutual, by the way). Besides which, it's possible that your aunt and uncle's family have had an influence.
Mycroft responded with a spark of red flying from his wand towards Moriarty. He deflected it effortlessly, then shot white light back at Mycroft. Sherlock felt rooted to the floor, standing in front of John's hospital bed as he lay oblivious to the chaos in the hospital room. Then Mary and Moran joined in, sending a mixture of verbal and non-verbal curses and counter curses to which Mycroft deflected and responded with growing exhaustion, spells barely grazing his skin, a hair short of fatal. At that point Sherlock rushed in and joined Mycroft, jabbing his wand at the air and the room lit up with the brightness of the spells. But all Mycroft and Sherlock's effort was defensive. They were too outnumbered and out-powered to do anything other than escape harm and get out of that damned infirmary alive. Though Sherlock did manage to cast a stupefy curse at Moran, catching him off guard. That one, he was proud of.
"Maybe not, but you were in a relationship. You two have - or had - mutual affection and respect. Legality has nothing to do with it."
He then thought of the boy Sherlock was now (dating?) hanging around with - Victor. The handsome one. The one who put his hand on top of Sherlock's everyday and kissed his cheek when they greeted each other and said goodbye. The one who made Sherlock blush and stammer around John if Victor was there. The one who made John's fist clench by attempting to kiss Sherlock on the lips (though Sherlock turned away) right in front of him, as John gritted his teeth to suppress his urge to punch the guy in his god-damn perfect face and spit 'back off, he's mine', even though he was still with Mary. Wait. Yes. He had Mary, and Sherlock had Victor. Victor, who wasn't offended or freaked out in the slightest by Sherlock's deductions and was even quite funny, as John had suppressed a smile - purely out of pride - at one of Victor's broken-English jokes. They were the ones made for each other. And Victor too would probably look good in dressrobes, the bastard.
I live in Sussex, so only a couple of hours away. Much less inconvenient than if your soulmate was living in France or America, I'd imagine.
Onstage, Macbeth was stabbing the sleeping Duncan in his bed, behind an opaque, white curtain, which was being sprayed with false blood. The orchestral music was tense, with a firm sforzando with every stab, one that was almost comical in its melodrama (John could practically see Harry rolling her eyes at the poor stagecraft in the back of his head). In the balcony on the right-hand side, John heard a thud and screams, which were quickly choked off, like someone had pressed paused. The rest of the audience went undisturbed, assuming that it was part of the melodrama or just an oversensitive spectator who was somehow unaware that there was going to be murder in Macbeth, but something in John's gut tensed up, knowing that something was very, very, wrong. He got up out of his seat, pushing his way between the chairs in front and the stretched out legs of other audience members, who were glaring at John for leaving at such a crucial scene, but John couldn't care less. When he was out in the foyer and on his way up the stairs to the balcony, he spoke into his earpiece.
“You're joking, right?" John chuckled. Sherlock missed that, too. His laughter, his easy, sunny smiles that could charm the North Pole into melting. "I see your face for the first time in ages, in our bed, and you think I want to sleep?”
"Yes. And she did it. But before you...get angry, you should know that I think she was acting under an unbreakable vow."
“Yeah. I know.” John sniffs and grins. “Christ, I’m exhausted. It’s been a long day. Sorry, it’s making me a bit - y’know.”
"Surprise!" John smiles awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck nervously. "I know I said I couldn't, but a friend of mine said you can get last minute tickets quite cheaply. I mean, it might not be great seats but - "
“Later. Yes,” Sherlock said breathlessly, as flushed as he was when they first met as he opened the door to his apartment. “Wait, what about your work tomorrow?”
"And yet  I would willingly inject myself with a considerably more dangerous substance?" Sherlock finished for him, seemingly unbothered, though his voice took up a defensive edge to it. "You do realise that there are ten times more alcohol-related deaths per year than cocaine?"
However, John was a stubborn man with slightly dubious morals and a magical (no, genetic - his father had been clear on that point) ability to undo any mistake he wanted, so he’d be damned if he wasn’t at least going to try and see him.
Sherlock glared even fiercer, but just as he was about to speak, a voice behind them spoke: “I don’t suppose I ought to be jealous of this scene, should I?”
Sherlock almost laughs. So that's why the nurse is concerned. Sleep? How could he possibly think of sleeping, when he's giddy, practically shaking, with the knowledge that John is okay? Of course he would, when he had promised so firmly that it would be fine. "I have you to live for," he had said. John never goes back on his word.
I don't have any robberies or scandalous affairs to talk about, unfortunately. Nothing really happens to me at the moment. I mean, I met my friends at the weekend one final time before exams start this Thursday but that's it. (Although, one guy I know who's really into his history stuff did start talking about this murder hotel thing he'd learnt about that was in America in the nineteenth century at some point with secret airtight rooms with torture equipment and things. You might find that interesting. I'll ask more about it for you.)
"Thank you." The words tasted foreign in his mouth. Or maybe that was just the sour aftertaste of vomited alcohol. He ignored it and continued, "you didn't have to help me. We don't even talk that often. But you did. So thank you."
"Yes. I know that you met a girl named Mary while you were in France. You were keen on her but you're not particularly bothered now. Also, you stayed up to finish a homework you had forgotten about last night. Probably charms."
"Are you with me or not?" Sherlock's eyes stare into John's beseechingly, intensely. Knowing he would never be able to refuse a look like that, John sighs and nods.
"Don't know what you need rewarding. You could do the bloody exam with your eyes closed." John muttered. He arched his neck as Sherlock kissed at John's ears and jawline.
John scoffs. “Bloody hell, you’re impossible. Here -“ He reaches out and takes Sherlock’s hand in his with a firm, warm grip that sends sparks straight up Sherlock’s arm. He shakes the joint hands up and down once, then twice, then releases, leaving Sherlock’s palm tingling and embarrassingly sweaty. He didn’t even know gods were able to sweat. Then again, he didn’t even know a simple touch could leave him so flustered. It has been a while, after all, since he’s had any kind of contact with anything living other than his dog.
The Bond night was the first ‘test’, so to speak. Sherlock would have called it an experiment. John allowed himself to relax, to sit closer to Sherlock under the guise of sharing the popcorn bowl, to let his arm rest behind Sherlock while ‘stretching’. He hadn’t done that since he was fourteen, but it was a tried and tested move, and if Sherlock’s faint blushing and the occasional aborted eye contact was anything to go by, it was successful. Besides, the date was
"The way you hold your arm says you're not quite ready yet to be without a sling, which means the doctors must have told you to wait a little while - a week was a fairly accurate shot in the dark. You wouldn't take it off too early in a way that could damage your collar bone, but you're determined to fix it as soon as possible - you're stubborn, but all doctors do make the worst patients - "
Greg glanced at Molly and nodded at her minutely, then responded, "Nah, it's better if I try and walk around a bit. Get out of the dorm. That's what the new nurse said."
I would have loved to have met Redbeard too. He would have loved me, definitely. I'm a sucker for sharing food and the sofa with cute dogs. And I know he was cute, because you'd probably never pick an ugly dog. Could you send a picture of him so I can confirm my theory? If you were in the picture too that would be a bonus. Especially if you're actually smiling in this one.
It was pitch black in the forest, save for the lights coming from Moriarty's and Moran's wands, which now seemed higher up from her point of view. She had shrunken, and she could feel her abdomen pressed against the floor.
He scrubs at the surface of the counter quickly, glancing at the clock which taunts him with each second that passes,
"Tighter security on audience members. Bags would have been checked, but no one thinks to check blazers, jackets, something with an inner pocket to hide the darts and dart blower in."
"Looking around. The quidditch field has been temporarily converted into a stadium. I haven't seen much but I have heard some animals: three of them, different species. I identified them as a Kappa, some kind of dragon and an Occamy. My guess is that you will be asked to pick a creature out of a hat and then expected to fight it. I hope for your sake that it's the Kappa. It's the least dangerous and easiest to defeat."
Sorry I was slow to update. Exam results happened, got two ideas for Good omens fics I accidentally started working on, went on holiday, etc etc.
It'll be fine, John. The fact that we're soulmates shouldn't make it any more burdensome. If anything, it's made it easier. Though previously I was cynical about this ridiculous matchmaking system of predicting compatibility based on factors such as gender, intelligence, class, family background and whatever secret surveillance our government is using throughout our lives, it has worked out for us, hasn't it? We're a successful match. And if we're both slightly terrified and inexperienced - so what? If we can successfully break into a theatre, one relationship shouldn't be too difficult.
"I know. It's not your fault." Sherlock's eyes locked with John's. "It's mine. I shouldn't have left. But I had to."
"Actually, now you've mentioned it, I'm going to find Janine." Mary stood up, brushing her dress down, then looked around the room. "Isn't that Victor Trevor over there?"
He continued regardless, teasing in a wistful, romantic voice, "Maybe you'll brush hands as you both reach for the same cheeseboard...lock eyes over the table at a formal meal in your gowns... both correct a professor at the same time by reciting pi to the twentieth digit. And that's when you know - he's the one."
“Yeah, yeah. I probably need it or I’m going to end up being one of those overprotective parents who end up way too invested in their kids lives. You saw how much I was annoying Mrs Hudson. Still, don’t let me have too much fun. It’s not decent.”
A chorus of boos and groans rang out from all corners of the room. Sherlock glanced at John - who was a big quidditch fanatic and Gryffindor's team captain - and was relieved to know that rather than joining in with the other idiots in the room, he had a knowing smirk on his face. The expression rather suited him; it made John look more intelligent. The students kept talking and complaining until -
They ran down the stairs and across the grounds. John recalled the notice from Mcgonagall telling everyone to go down to the lake. 'She's going to be so pissed' John muttered to himself.
John chuckled slightly. "Trust me, you should probably hear this one. You know how I said that I sometimes used my abilities for dating purposes?"
It would seem obvious if I was to explain the reasoning behind my deductions. A magician never reveals their tricks for a reason, as the audience would find it incredibly simple and unimpressive, and
"It's stupid the police wouldn't let you get involved. Can you imagine how much less crime there would be if you caught all the criminals?"
Sherlock averts his eyes guiltily. He barely opens his mouth when John cuts across him. “Don’t. Don’t apologise again. It’s not your fault.”
“I know! How the fuck do they expect me to do an online exam in a house like mine?? Dad’s been doing DIY to take his mind off things, Harry is either crying or yelling at her phone, and when mum isn’t sleeping, she’s vacuuming.”
The corner of Sherlock's lips twitched minutely. "The assassin could very well know if the target won't turn up long before the actual event. At least we control where the assassination is taking place - attempted assassination -  by doing things as planned. Besides, he's been cooped up in his hotel room since he arrived here. Even he deserves a little bit of excitement every now and again?"
She asks him out for drinks the next week. And the week after that. And the week after that. Each time, he politely shook his head - no, I have too much work. No, I'm visiting my cousin. No, it's my mate's wedding. No, I’ve got a headache. She’s pretty, and charming, and has a wonderfully dry sense of humour, but for once John is immune to those things. Sherlock would definitely be proud.
Sherlock chuckled, a sound which went straight to John's chest. It was a nice sound, if rarely heard. That's probably why he appreciated it so much. "Well, for someone who plans on being a doctor, you don't have a good sense of hygiene. You've been avoiding washing the back of your right hand since you got home from France three days ago."
Gasps and applause rippled out from the Beuxbatons to polite claps from the rest of the school. Janine stood up, smiling and sashaying confidently (was there anyone is Beuxbatons who didn't sashay?) up to the front. With one last grin aimed at Mary, she too left to the side chambers.
"To revise. That's different. I want to be properly alone again, you know." Sherlock stroked John's cheek with his finger thoughtfully. "Exam stress-free. Able to talk about whatever we want. Kiss you for as long as I want without you interrupting to test me on the names of the members of the first Order of the Phoenix. Just us."
"When will he wake up?" His voice was shaking, vulnerable. He cursed his transport for being so traitorous.
Looking through the recent list of the dead and their pictures in their files, Sherlock fails to find anything appealing about the modern style. All plain and repetitive and mass produced, with ugly logos stuck to the corner of every shirt. The business men in their suits, though polar opposite to this style, remind him of Mycroft too much to want to mimic. However, after a couple of hours of rummaging through files, he finds a male model, 32, dead by drug abuse, in a fetching purple shirt and trousers that aren’t completely hideous. His robes immediately transform at will, and suddenly there was no logical barrier keeping him from taking the holiday Mycroft had ordered.
John already knows about Sherlock’s years away. Sherlock told him not long after his return of his work to destroy what remained of Moriarty’s influence, speaking so matter of factly that John simply imagined, with some bitterness, that his years abroad had simply been one grand adventure, hopping from one country to the other, seeing the sights, beating up bad guys, coming back to the hotel in time for tea. It was only while John was staying at Baker Street after the shooting that he saw the scars that decorated Sherlock’s back. He didn’t need an explanation. It was all there for him to see: the whip scars, the cigarette burns, the shadows of knife blades and bullet wounds on his arms and ribs and legs. Sherlock didn’t speak, he merely let John take in the sight of it, finish changing his bandages, then leave to grab the whiskey from the kitchen cabinet for them to drink in silence.
“Clearly,” he replies drily, collapsing onto the sofa, his bare feet hanging over the other side. “I’ll let you know I’ve caught it.” He’s hiding the urge to smile and his stomach rumbles with cravings for pancakes, but John doesn’t need to know that. Sherlock has recent learnt that just the right amount of sulking earns him the Hair Ruffle.
"Jesus, Sherlock." John rests his head in his hands with a groan. "You'd better have a good justification for all of this, or I'll report you to the police."
Fun fact: A walnut museum does exist, but in Dordogne, not London. Sadly, I've never had the good fortune of going, but one can only dream...
John shrugs. “Not sure yet. I want Katherine, after my Grandma. Mary wants Rosamund after… I don’t really know. And she wants the middle name to be Mary as well, some kind of family tradition.”
“Don’t think about it, then.” Sherlock shrugs. “It’s not your fault. None of it is. Just think about the case.”
“A holiday. Explore the earth, find other gods, escape this miserable hellhole for a while. I will get Anderson to take over in your absence.”
The crime scene looks exactly like John expects from spending all those days watching crap daytime detective shows, waiting for his shifts to start and the remnants of his nightmares to end.
Well, that’s what they tried to do. Sometimes it did work and John would leave the room feeling productive and confident in his chances of actually winning the triwizard tournament. But an unfortunate side-effect of their newfound relationship, now no longer kept behind barriers of shyness at the sudden change, is that John felt that he had completely lost the ability to concentrate on anything. One moment he would be reading about the many benefits of wolfsbane, the next there would be sudden flashback's to Sherlock's lips on his own, of his mouth on John's throat, of him grinning and giggling with an endearing flush high on his cheeks, and the words on John's book would become blurry and illegible.
John opened his mouth to respond honestly, but then stops himself and exhaled softly through his nose. "It's complicated. I'll think about it. Get some sleep alright?"
The spiders: Moriarty and his henchpeople escape and get into places by their animagus forms being spiders. I thought that would be cool.
Great job, Watson, he thought bitterly to himself as he chugged back the last of his drink. Of course he wanted to fix this. Why would he give up on a chance with the strangest, most beautiful man he’d ever met over a simple matter such as a conversation got wrong
"But they didn't mean to kill him, the killer. The blade wasn't stabbed in the right place." Sherlock was surprised by how matter-of-factly he sounded, when inside he was cringing painfully with every word. "I don't really know why. I suspect that they're planning something, to use him as leverage still." Sherlock's voice wobbled, "he's still in danger."
“Female, early to mid forties, working in something in the media, judging by the frankly alarming shade of pink. She was married for ten or more years but not happily. She had a string of lovers. At the time before her death she had been in Cardiff over night, judging by the size of her suitcase – “
Mrs Hudson giggles as she watches the conversation play out. “Oh, you boys. Go, you have a crime scene to get to. Have fun!”
“Good boy. Now be a dear and keep an eye on the screen for me. And the next time you speak out of turn,” Moriarty stood up, “you’ll be facing the other end of the snipers.”
Everyone does as they are told, and John finds himself placed between Greg and Irene, the script he brought along held between him and Greg, who has forgotten his as an act of defiance.
"In all seriousness, you're the Hogwarts champion." They came to a halt outside the portrait of the Fat Lady. "That's a lot of responsibility."
John started jogging once a week, going down Sherlock’s street where he’d slow down just enough to look around, try and spot a head of unruly curls, or the dark coat he had seen hanging on the back of Sherlock’s door. He looked up Sherlock’s apartment building, to see if he could spot a figure at the window, but that was a bust too.
Then Sherlock Holmes opens the coffee shop door and walks into his life, and as far as John could tell at the time, he fits into none of the above customer categories.
"Hey." He wants to place his fingers under Sherlock's chin, to tilt his face up and kiss him and wipe his tears away, but he's in too much pain to move. Besides, he'd rather not get blood on Sherlock's face. Instead, he speaks softly, letting all his love and adoration pour out freely for Sherlock to see and deduce. "It's gonna be fine, yeah? I love you. It'll be fine."
John unlocks the door to his flat, which goes instantly into the living room. “Sorry, it's a bit of a mess. We haven’t really had time to tidy up,” he says, scratching the back of his neck as he blushes, looking around at the glasses and bottles and plates from last night's meal scattered around the small room.
"John, if you think I would be remotely interested in any of them you clearly don't know me at all."
"Rita Skeeter. She is a novelist, but she used to be a journalist. Surely you have all heard of her."
Something got caught in Mary's throat. She swallowed it down before replying, sounding braver than she felt, "You must be mistaking me for someone else. I'm not Miss Adams. I'm - "
When he goes inside the room and stands unobtrusively in the corner, he finds that there’s already someone on the table, unconscious wires and tubes poking out of his arms and mouth, the machine next to him beating a steady, frantic tempo. There’s a wound at his side, bright red leaking through the white bandages. A gunshot, perhaps. Sherlock’s seen enough of them come his way to know it by sight. An accident, though, almost certainly; no one would shoot to kill by aiming there.
Mary retracted her hand (finally) and turned to face Sherlock. "Thank you, Sherlock." Her smile seemed colder than when facing John.
"I - thank you. But no. I don't want to see you miserable anymore. Some other time. For now, we're going to get fish and chips, because I didn't get to finish my dinner." John takes his hand in his as they walk proudly, out in the open, and for everyone to see.
"That's why I left school for so long," Sherlock explained. "I was doing research on her. And Moran and Moriarty, with some ministry files that without Mother's position at the Ministry, I wouldn't have got access to.
He runs until his legs collapse underneath him and he rests against the trunk of a tree deep within the forest, when the men’s yelling and the dogs’ barking is off in the distance and becoming faint. It’s starting to snow now; good for the view, not so good for his bare feet.
"I can hear you thinking from all the way across the room. In fact, everyone, get out." Just as John is about to reluctantly follow the other pathologists and detectives out of the room, Sherlock says, "except you, John."
“I didn’t mean to write it. It just sort of...happened. And I didn’t want to scare you off entirely just yet.”
"What are you reading?" John asked as he sat down opposite, as though five minutes, rather than five weeks, had passed since their last meeting (John staying over at the Holmes family's home.)
If John was staying in this timeline, not correcting it after his complete cock-up of getting yelled at and his arm nearly broken by Sherlock, he would have lectured them, offered medical assistance, done all he could in his abilities and duty as a doctor. As it was, he had to go back - he wasn’t particularly fond of the idea of being arrested. So he jogged back to his flat, quickly took a shower, then closed his eyes and thought back to two months ago, when he first began this fourth attempt at meeting Sherlock. But instead of orchestrating a grand, romantic first meeting, he simply sat there, thinking.
"It's alright. I had nothing better to do." Not true - he has sleep to do, but he'd rather not offend his host. John sits down on an armchair, a soft, red one opposite the black leather armchair that seems like the one Sherlock is most likely to choose.
“Uh - well, I can’t say I’m particularly hungry for a big meal. Maybe just that prawn dish thing there?”
“We’ve done nothing but talk since we got here. Can you just take my word for it that I’ve wanted to do that for quite some time and the fact that you’ve kept remarkable abilities successfully hidden from me has only augmented my attraction to you, so we can get to the more interesting part?”
When John left the stadium, Mary left too, back to Beuxbatons' carriage, where she knew she would be alone.
"Hey, it's good to ask these things. You never know, maybe my family aren't doing great and I needed you to ask about them."
He sits back down again opposite John, their knees brushing under the small table. John has since taken off his raincoat, revealing a t-shirt and a red football jacket underneath (red is very much his colour, Sherlock decides). John nods his head subtly at the seventeen-year-old currently making their coffees. "Deduce him."
“Forgetting your script and insulting our play. Unless you’re willing to take this seriously, I will have to kick you out.”
“I have done no such thing. Mummy watches them. I can’t help it if I happen to be in the room at the same time.”
Sherlock considered this for a while, forehead creased in thought. "Actually, I'm not so sure of that."
Harry: While they’re separated, a mysterious noble beautiful woman (Olivia) comes and proposes to him out of the blue
I'm not sure how useful my 'wisdom' and 'experience' will be in this. This will be different to my previous relationships (if they can even be called that), won't it? Not because I've only ever had girlfriends - I'm not bothered about that- but because we're soulmates. Because this isn't like in school where you go out for a few months until you realise you never actually talk to each other and break it off. Because I've never been more ecstatic to be going out with someone but terrified of messing it up at the same time. So I'm not expert, by any means. Still, I'm very pleased you would consider me as one. Slightly smug too. No wonder you like showing off your deductions to us mere mortals who remain in awe of them.
"You're a smart person, Sherlock." Mind-palace-Molly assured him. "You know about human anatomy better than most your age. With the exception of John, of course."
She took the card - his card - from the drawer next to her, and stared at it, thoughtfully tracing the swirly writing of the man's name with her thumb.
And no, I'm not taking you to a crime scene, murder or otherwise. I'd rather not be arrested for trespassing at any point in my lifetime, and especially not on our first meeting.
He and Sherlock were walking about the grounds, talking as normal, when Sherlock stopped suddenly looked up.
Out of the corner of Sherlock's eye, as he sat slumped against the wall, rasping out breaths and pressing the palms of his hands against his forehead, three spiders exited the castle and made their way out into the darkness.
The sound of the compartment door opening  did not rouse the boy lying on the seats, who was stretching his gangly legs so that one had to hang over the edge. He was reading. A large leather bound book entitled "Half-blood, two paths" covered the boy's face so that only a few ebony curls stuck out of the top. John grinned. He was yet to be disappointed with a different greeting. Or in fact, a greeting.
"Please, none of that now. I haven't been called 'Sir' since - well, in around twelve years. Mr Watson is fine, for now." He turns on the TV, stretching out on the sofa,
"You have your job, I have mine." John shrugs and pulls an apologetic face to Sherlock's (adorable) pout. "Tell me about it later. Go on."
He's distinctly aware of two gunshots that go off, and the fact that there are three guns in the room.
“Unfortunately, yes,” Sherlock sighs, as he holds the door open for John as they leave. “Par for the course. Unfortunately for her, though, it means I no longer have any respect for her authority.”
"No, I - I did this just for me. Just so I can get my fix of adrenaline. And for the ten thousand galleon prize." John answered.
"Sherlock." Mycroft knelt down besides Sherlock's chair. Sherlock hated when he did that - it felt patronising. "They want to meet with you, don't they?"
Mary was sat down at a table, watching Janine and her date dancing. She smiled at Janine when she turned around, then glanced at the door for the tenth time, hoping that John may get back before this song finished. But there was no sign of him, so she sighed and turned back to Janine. When that got boring, she looked around at what used to be a brown, monotone, stone hall and was now decorated in a winter-wonderland-esque theme. The walls and tables were white and the stone floor was now silver and reflective, like a frozen over lake. Snow fell from the ceiling, frosting the tables and the giant Christmas tree at the back. It was nice. Mary doubted that even Beuxbatons could do a better job. The song ended, and Janine and her date parted. He kissed the top of her hand before Janine rushed back to the table, beaming. "You two seem to be getting on well." Mary grinned.
It’s entirely up to you. I know you may not find it entirely comfortable- I haven’t exactly painted the best picture of family and I know you’re a bit put off hanging out with a bunch of rugby players who probably think Tchaikovsky is a type of salad - but you might enjoy it. If you don’t then I’ll try and make it up to you.
Sorry this is late. I was ill and busy. Also, this prompt was hard. I basically just had a mini-plot of my own and then tried to squeeze in the presence of gingerbread.
"No, you listen Sherlock!" Mycroft yelled. "As your elder brother and Head Boy, I am telling you to go back to bed, and you'll avoid further punishments."
"Yeah." There are several moments of awkward silence, with just the sound of Mrs Watson fiddling with her lighter, Sherlock and John stood apart with their lips burning, John's stomach twisting in shame. He clears his throat. "So, we'll be getting back in - "
"Have you chosen your creatures yet?" Sherlock asked, ignoring John. He seemed almost as anxious as John.
John watches as Greg drones through his soliloquy, stumbling over his words, monotonous, but determined to get to the end. While he smiles encouragingly and gives Greg a reassuring thumbs-up, Sherlock leans over and murmurs in his ear. “I’m surprised you have time to partake in this, given your duties as rugby captain.”
“I do!” Greg interrupts, looking aghast. “I said on the sign up sheet I’d rather be a minor character. Orsino is not a minor character!”
Though they spent their time in constant proximity, seeing each other every day was not enough to drive them mad, as it may be with other couples. Because, at least from Sherlock's perspective, holidaying with John meant he was constantly greeted with a spectacular view of him every day. While Sherlock felt utterly disgusting in the summer - a sort of pink, sweaty, fatigued mess that reminded him of a blobfish whenever he was forced to look at a reflection of himself (though John insisted he looked adorable with slightly sunburnt nose and cheeks) - John had turned brown, practically luminescent in the sun, and always energetic with an eagerness for walks and swims and the occasional cricket game on the beach with Mr Holmes. Walking around all day in his swim shorts - the very flattering kind - he looked golden. A veritable Apollo, in Sherlock’s opinion. He would worship the ground he walked on if it wasn’t for the heat exhaustion. Instead, he stayed in his deck chair in the shade as much as possible, watching John from behind his book as he climbed out of the pool with wet, golden skin, his shorts clinging to his thighs, and he made plans for a way to show his appreciation later in the day.
Harry: But a part of him knows he should leave. He has to go into the city, find work until he can afford a ship back home, he has to leave this man - after all, where you come from it is wrong for two men to lie together as the two of you have. Alas, the fates and his own internalised homophobia issues are against him
The other doctor rolls his eyes, but rushes out of the room. Sherlock’s curiosity is piqued now; what petty nonsense could these mortals be talking about?
I look forward to hearing from you again. If you want to talk about dates you're free to meet, then I'd be happy to hear some. If you want to save it until later, when we're less busy with fixed collarbones and not in mourning, that's fine too.
"You know what I mean. I've seen you. John is your only friend, and soon he'll be going out with her, Mary will be gone back to France once the tournament is over, and all his attention will be diverted. You'll want someone to talk to. Think of this as... An act of charity."
Sherlock shakes his head. "John," he says, his voice low and only just above a whisper, "I don't care about that experiment. I haven't for a while now."
“Maybe if you bothered to explain your plans I would have agreed to stay put! I’m not a mind reader, you know.”
"Wait - wait, Sherlock - " John gets up too, so quickly his head starts spinning, and follows Sherlock out of the living room on unsteady feet.
“I’m not taking another fucking break,” John grunted between gritted teeth, holding onto the bed post. “I can do this. I can walk. I was shot in the shoulder, not the bloody leg.”
Sherlock continues to look at the baby, unable to tear his gaze away. The sight of Sherlock holding his baby, so gentle and yet so conscious, his arms stiff with the worry of dropping her, fills John with joy, making his eyes prick with newfound tears again.
Sherlock nods, stepping over the blow-up mattress to perch on the edge of John's bed, his overnight bag on the floor. "It's fine. I just wasn't expecting an interrogation, that's all."
First came Alissia's voice, a rushed yell barely covering the nervousness of inexperience, spitting out a curse.
When Sherlock left the tent he really did not want to talk to anyone. He didn't want to look at anyone. He just wanted to stay in his dorm room or the library or anywhere he could focus on something other than the aching void filling up his chest.
Then Karlssen returned, carrying John in his arms, his robes soaked in blood and Sherlock's stomach turned.
John hurried out of the classroom as quickly as everyone else, buzzing with excitement. He met Sherlock in the hall and grinned ecstatically.
If he wants to, he could place his hand between them, slide if a couple of centimetres until it contacts Sherlock's hand. But he doesn't want to. So he places his arm at the back of the sofa behind the man next to him, allowing himself to content in the small waves of heat radiating off of him.
"Hey, hey, no. You've come all this way. You've had a pretty awful time here. I want to make it up to you." John squeezes Sherlock's hand. "What do you want to do? Anything. Besides, your stuff is back at the flat, so we don't have much of a choice but to stay outside for a bit."
But how was he to avoid a person for seven months straight, while they were both confined to the school?
“Thank you. The thing is though, I thought I had… moved on. I’m engaged again now. But now, since about two weeks ago, I keep seeing her everywhere. In the pharmacy, on the street. Everywhere. But she never wants to be seen.”
After the meal was finished and disappeared Mcgonagall stood up again and the hall went silent. "This year, there is going to be a few changes. First of all, there will be no quidditch practices or matches - "
wolf. He couldn't help the small proud smile at the audience's gasps. The Occamy immediately saw the new threat and turned away from John and made its way towards the patronus. John didn't wait. He ran towards the nest and grabbed the golden egg. The crowd roared. He looked over at the Occamy and breathed a sigh of relief as some people dragged it back into its cage. He smiled and held the egg up in victory, until the pain in his temple came back and he grimaced in pain, dropping the egg to his feet as his knees buckled. He was vaguely aware of someone behind him grabbing his shoulders and walking him to the first aid tent. The nurse there - Madam Pomfrey - replaced the person behind him then led him to a hospital-like bed.
John held his wand out in front of him instinctively, silently keeping the beast at a safe distance from him. Still the creature's grey, empty eyes followed him, narrowing, focusing. Then it smiled triumphantly. John's throat tightened.
“Alright then. I’ll do the talking. Because, believe me, I’ve been thinking about this a lot myself…”
"Are they dead?" Sherlock murmured, while John crouched on the ground next to them, checking their pulse. He nodded.
"As a matter of fact, she is." A boy with greasy black hair standing next to Donovan said. "You could try - y'know - being nicer..."
John rolled his eyes. “Okay, that’s my cue to leave. I promise you, however, that I’m not a spy - I’m a doctor," John turned to face Sherlock. "And as a doctor, I tell you that whatever habit you’ve gotten yourself into is not healthy and you should seek help for it immediately.”
They carried on talking about the holidays, Mary mentioning her aunt and Sherlock talking in length with her about France and his family living there. Occasionally, if John had said something particularly funny or nice, Mary would kiss his cheek, and Sherlock would stare into space, obviously bothered by public displays off affection. Then Sherlock would tell them about someone he had deduced on the train journey, and Mary would look impressed, and John as ever would sit in wonder and amusement, throwing in the occasional cThe obtrusive silence was gone, thank Merlin, but was instead replaced with eggshells that they were all subconscious avoiding stepping on, an unnamable elephant in the room. Though he didn't know why, the elephant seemed all the more apparent when Sherlock looked between him and Mary, wordless, with emotionless eyes. John left it alone.
"He'll show up, wait outside, oscillate on the pavement nervously, then we chase him and arrest him."
"I know. I'd be surprised if you didn't have questions." Sherlock moved so he was sitting cross-legged in front of John. Otherwise, John would have had to turn his head a lot to talk to Sherlock, which would have hurt him even more. "You should know it wasn't my idea to keep everything from you. I'm just sorry I couldn't be here to tell you."
“Yeah. Sorry. I tried to stay awake for you. Really, I did. I had a plan and everything for how it would go. But - you were out so long, and the bed was so
"Screw physics. I've been going backwards and forwards in time for years, and I haven't ripped a hole in the space-time continuum yet. I don't think." Sherlock didn't respond, except to sit down on the edge of John's bed, his hands steepled under his chin. John sighed. "Look, as much as I'd love to think about the scientific implications of my family's genetic ability to time travel, Mycroft should be arriving in half an hour."
Mycroft exhaled - somewhere between a sigh and a huff - and approached Sherlock. "What do you think you're doing here?" He kept his voice at a harsh whisper
Sherlock makes a show of sighing, as though this causes him great pain and exhaustion, but both he and John know that he really loves the showing off. "Fine. From the oil on his jeans and hands, I can see he's training to become a mechanic. From the bags under his eyes, I can see this isn't going well. His clothes are old and have been repaired a couple of times, which means he and his family are having difficulties with finance at the moment, but the fact that they're designer tells me this is only recent. Maybe that's why he's doing his training while he's doing shifts here. His handwriting, how long it took for him to count out my change, and the fact alone that he had to write down my very simple order of two coffees, all say that he's dropped out of school. And - oh, that's very interesting."
"What, and leave me out on the streets? Alone? In the cold?" Sherlock pouts his lips, most likely knowing full well at the way John's chest tightened guiltily at the sight. "I was already kicked out of my home once today. All because of one simple mistake."
John chuckles at that, causing Sherlock’s eyes to flick in his direction for a moment, long enough that John swears he has heart palpitations from it.
She continues, determined, “Yeah, no one there ever really… socialised. I love going out for drinks.”
John watches with a smile stretching his lips as Sherlock leaves, the door swinging behind him as faint early sunlight streams through the clouds and the cafe windows.
All he could do was gather up all the relevant pamphlets from the hospital and dump them through Sherlock’s letterbox, hoping, praying, that this would be enough, for now, to save him, before deciding that he had to give up on Sherlock for good: no amount of time travel would change the fact that some things simply aren't meant to be.
“We will,” Sherlock calls back, while John kisses Rosie’s cheek once more before following. As he leaves, he wonders if he should have stopped viewing crime scenes as fun yet, as a father in his early forties, but he can’t really bring himself to care.
Soon afterwards, Mcgonagall entered with Maxime and Karlssen. "Good morning students! Can you all please gather around me here."
"No. No secrets." John shook his head, ignoring the doubtful voice in his head. "This will probably be a very dull round, actually. At least for my go, anyway."
He thought that seeing his sister again might be the one good thing he could get out of coming home for good - getting to see her shows on time and to support her and to beam proudly as she basked in the glow of success and happy marriage. (Because at least one of the Watson siblings had to have something good
If there was one thing John learnt in the time he was waiting for October fifth to arrive, it was that nothing is as agonisingly painful as waiting an entire month to write your name on a piece of paper and put it in a cup in order for it to choose you to compete in a dangerous tournament in which you could die. He tried not thinking about it and focusing on the fact that his NEWTS- an important qualification- is next academic year, but his brain decided that that wasn't nearly as important as the tournament. So he tried crossing off days on a calendar, until  he got bored and realised the pointlessness of it all.
“Of course. We need Mary back in the UK, and I hardly trust MI6 to do a proper job of convincing her without scaring her off.”
Sherlock nodded, his lips pressed in a tight line. "Thank you." His words came out hoarsely. That, at least, John was able to understand. He came up beside Sherlock and took his hand in his while addressing Janine in broken French that he had learnt in primary school. "Au revoir, Janine."
"Each of your creatures is guarding a golden egg. You must find and retrieve this egg by any means necessary. If you had been preparing properly, you would somewhat know how to beat your creature." Nope. "But if you get into serious danger, or you don't retrieve the egg in time, you will be extracted from the stadium and taken care of, if necessary. However it will mean you will retrieve less points."
"Christ, John, you gave us a bit of a scare, there," He said, busying himself with checking John's vitals, making notes on his clipboard.
“Exactly. Do you think a student playing a prank would be able to make the source so untraceable? No. It’s Moriarty, beyond a shadow of a doubt.”
"I must say, Mcgonagall," the Durmstrang headmaster, a young man with slicked back hair, said, "Hogvarts really has put ze effort in zis year. Is it to compensate?"
"Shut up. I'm here to vent, not to waste time on meaningless greetings. Hello, how are you, how's the family, et cetera, et cetera. Done."
“What are we doing?” John asks, very much aware of how tightly compressed they are, how Sherlock can probably feel how hard John’s heart is beating. His mouth is directly parallel to Sherlock’s neck, which is exposed under the orange glow of a nearby street light, his head leaning back against the wall.
“Really? What do you think? Do you like it? Is it too sentimental? Too effeminate? Ugh, I should have just bought you a book instead -“
