~ ~ ~
“Well,” Stark makes a so-so motion with his hand, “sometimes. I’ll stay there on weekends if I’m feeling up for the drive. Shouldn’t let the dust gather.”
in this stupid school, Steve just
No matter how much it sucked.
as things can possibly
Tony pokes Steve’s shoulder with the tips of all his fingers, keeping his other hand wrapped loosely around the steering wheel. “
place to be; it’s still a decent school in its own right, just not quite as… elitist as the more technical school in Manhattan.
new,” Sam echoes, drawing his hand back. It drops lamely to his side. He stares into the void, mouth hanging ajar. Nothing else comes out.
now isn’t quite the time to bring up – well… the ‘Thor Thing’, as she’ll forever dub it. It’s hard to tell if Bruce even feels the same way, to be fair. He and Thor get along really,
with the guy, and what do I do?” Steve lifts his gaze from his palms; the darkness is almost welcome in comparison to Bucky and Sam’s pitying faces. They exchange a glance.
They fall silent as the car crawls along the interstate. It’s a nice, almost peaceful lull even as rain pounds the roof in droves. Steve rests his head against the window again, thankful when the cool air turns warm. He checks with his phone, ignoring the onslaught of texts from Bucky and Sam that basically amount to,
he’s so embarrassed. No one else is even
Steve would call this a late start, but Steve’s also insane and gets up at the ass crack of dawn, most days.
Bucky would’ve denied the whole thing anyway.
, for God’s sake, even though she’s pretty sure he’s never gotten anything lower than a 99.9%.
“Bruce,” Jen tries. She slides down in her seat as a few eyes fall on
too loudly, garnering a
is somewhat debatable because he spends far too long in the bathroom to just be checking his Facebook feed while listening to 80s pop ballads. And Peter knows what
in the foyer the other day. It’s a little awkward to exchange casual pleasantries with someone he’s pretty sure he’s seen naked, but no matter. (Nothing a little whiskey can’t cure. Stark’s bound to have a good stock at his mansion.)
He violently jumps as if only
were more cooperative and -”
The first thing Peter notices is Gwen’s hair. The last time they hung out – and granted, it was
is it? ‘Cause I’m obviously not gonna think about the thing my
close to snapping in two. She’d mentioned recently that a kickboxing career might be in her future if the whole lawyer thing didn’t pan out, so Peter shied away, shielding his face. And his soup. “I have
“It was bound to happen eventually,” Bruce says. “And while I know I’m clearly
her tone is, “it’s still not something I’d rather
Bucky.
“Damnit,” she mutters, scraping her shoe along the wet pavement. “I
“Good, ‘cause if this fuckwit doesn’t
“I’m not
.” Sam’s jaw drops.
However, the anxious fluttering in Steve’s stomach, just at the very idea of having Tony’s eyes on him, says otherwise. He shakes his head. “I’d rather not.”
Tony clicked his tongue. “I’m not
being new means that you’re secretly an alien. An alien from the planet: Everyone Call Me Out on Everything Like I’m Always Doing Something Wrong.
start with becoming his friend first.” Natasha makes a walking motion with her fingers. “Baby steps.”
“I think you do though,” Becca says with a sigh.
Not again. (Even though, to be
Steve’s always been an early riser – always been one to say that they’re “wasting their days away” by lying in bed – but he’s never been one to just
“It’s –” Jen glances at Bruce sitting at her side. He deflates his shoulders relaxing, and his face is back to its neutral state, no furrowed brows to be seen. Which is good. This is
. That’s all it is.
Steve sighed. “C’mon, just lemme drive you home.”
Steve’s thankful that Clint and Kate are too busy arguing over darts to pay mind to anything else. He shifts in his seat again, quickly gulping down the shot of whiskey; it burns. Yes, he’s been nursing a really,
She gnaws on her lower lip, avoiding his eyes.
“A little.” Nat motions to the door. “Were you…?”
“Peter, I’m so sorry,” she says breathlessly, but she’s also laughing, her face buried in his chest. “Are you okay?”
“I know I don’t,” Sam says, glancing at his phone. “Anyway, guys. Gotta jet. We’ll talk more ‘bout this later.” He walks off, clapping Steve’s shoulder.
“I have enough problems with DUM-E here,” Tony says, waving his hand in DUM-E’s general direction, “and he’s basically one of those hand-grabber things you can get at the zoo. I don’t even wanna think about adding anything
Bucky can’t help but smile. Just a bit. “Stevie can do whatever he wants as long as he’s happy. I’m just lookin’ out for the kid.” It’s a common thread in their friendship, something Bucky’s been doing their entire lives – and probably will
love Steve, he’ll never be
staring isn’t helping.
“Couch for you now, Rogers.” The car skids to a halt. “We’re here.”
to say,” he muttered, wiping his mouth with his sleeve. “
“You’ve seriously
“That’s – that’s not exactly –” Peter scratches the top of his head as he trails off. This gesture probably seems futile at
Despite an almost overwhelming instinctual feeling telling him to tilt away because if Wade gets much closer, he’s going to wind up doing something that will totally
Mutton Chops glares. The other guy doesn’t seem to notice as he ties his apron.
“Well, that’s a start.” Tony sounds
Maybe one day he’ll draw Tony.
Steve stares expectantly. Speaking isn’t a viable option right now, not with how pathetically fast his heart is beating. It’s almost painful. His legs are also trembling, though that
stop laughing.”
(And a little
Jen raises her eyebrows again. That name sounds familiar. Obviously, Nat isn’t referring to James
. You can
The only interesting part of October is Halloween, and that’s at the
“Venue just means site or location.” Bucky hard-rolls his eyes. He needs a new spoon because he’s hungry and he
~ ~ ~
“Well, nothing
like, if he’s being honest with himself, and the punk is a lot taller than he remembers.
Natasha finishes her apple, swinging the core by its stem. She stares straight ahead, smiling almost serenely. “I’m not sure yet, but I’ll think of something.”
that part; the math bits freakin’ suck.” Peter frowns when Tony only shakes his head and grabs the stupid homework sheet again. He scribbles another note. Goddamnit.
Bucky couldn’t help it. Sitting still was
” Bucky snaps, nearly knocking his bowl over in the process. And
actually skim a paragraph or two, or possibly for dramatic effect. (Most likely for dramatic effect; he’s always been a bit… theatrical, a bit Shakespearean, really.)
“He did.” Bucky shrugged a shoulder. He couldn’t deny that. “Mostly over
~ ~ ~
Peter half-heartedly waves him off, offering a smile of his own. The moment the door shuts, however, he drops the act and buries his head underneath the pillow. Darkness is safe. Darkness is sacred. Darkness won’t make his heart literally
“Nat,
The wrinkle vanishes as Natasha smiles. “Coffee sounds good.”
to help him up. So, Steve just solemnly nods and scratches the back of his neck. “Unfortunately, yeah.”
“Explosions?” Steve parrots.
“I like the
She hangs up and Peter groans.
Natasha nods. “I can tell.” And she opens her mouth, like she’s about to add more, but Clint pipes in:
salt. It wouldn't be fair to him or Thor. Or Natasha, really.
knows about Steve’s stupid crush, that’s
“But she
to one-day reach, one he’d seen far too often with Bucky and Sam.
(Even if it
to the targets, grab the arrows, and come back. Wash, rinse, repeat. It
“Matt,” he finally admits, rubbing the back of his neck. Hopefully this’ll get them to just
knows that Bucky isn’t exactly
or anything; that’s just – that’s just
Peter’s lack of chopstick skills; hello, sauce stains. “Yeah,” he says, running a hand over the lace, “and she thinks it’s, like, some
He groans. Great, just fucking
, no explosions.
the time to ask –
Not that he’s trying to avoid his
Steve blushes. Has he become
did it,” Natasha appears at his shoulder. She falls in step with the trio, an apple in one hand, Bucky’s hoodie in the other.
over him, so –”
“It’s
“You don’
Steve shrugs, trying to ignore the stupid fluttery feeling laying waste in his stomach. It’s making his voice shake. “Amateur, more like,” he says, smiling sheepishly.
the word Bucky would use to describe Stark. He doesn’t look at
as it dribbles out the side of his mouth, pouring straight down his neatly pressed button-down. More steam rises.
“I got over it.” Tony’s voice sounds strained, like he’s forgotten how to speak. He rests his hands behind his head, relaxing back in his seat.
From:
“Whose side are you on?” Steve asks, waving at Josie to pour
seems like the type to invade someone’s privacy; he doesn’t seem interested in anyone else’s personal life
floor, nonetheless.
,” Peter mutters. “But, like –”
Peter cracks a grin. “That’s so awesome.”
: Just some curly-haired girl on her laptop; she doesn’t even glance up when they enter.
“My Depressing Day in Brooklyn,” Steve deadpanned.
going to college was a mistake.
. “Any particular reason you went?” he said quickly, hoping the late-night darkness would cover his flushed face. Thankfully Tony didn’t seem to notice. “I was dragged.”
Jen waits for her cue. Waits for Loki to burst out with a quick-witted ‘
She takes another bite of pasta and smiles. “There it is. It’s done. And yes.”
that the guy’s classes aren’t
“Um, thanks.” Steve rubs his neck. There’s an obvious flush spreading along his face and for the first time, he curses the sun for being out. He can’t exactly shroud himself in shadows under the mid-afternoon sunshine, nearly-barren trees be damned.
be laughable if Jen hadn’t witnessed Tony once wield a welding machine like a pistol. It’s looked too natural to be a coincidence; the man must build a
ask Tony about the experiments. About the robots. About all the shit he and Bruce are always prattling on about. Because while he
to date, Tony might get jealous,” she says matter-of-factly.
witnesses. Hell, Steve’s probably a viral video by now either by way of cell phone or security camera; they’ll have to consult the internet later. “The punk ain’t subtle.”
It was
It always did.
space. Granted, the teens don’t look like they’re even paying mind; most of them have earbuds in and are playing on their phones, while others talk among themselves.
.” She bats her eyelashes at him.
“Can we go get food,
why Tony keeps lightly smacking Bruce’s shoulder every time it looks like he’s about to fall asleep standing up; because he’s
He visibly flinches and drops what’s left of his hapless napkin.
Walters quirks her eyebrows. “What?”
“Shut up, Romanoff.”
pain.
an admirable trait, despite what Bucky and Sam may say).
Bucky quickly drops his arms to his sides. He
“That’s a yes for me,” Bucky said. “How ‘bout you, blondie?”
“Didn’t feel great.” Steve shrugs a shoulder. “Hurt my pride more than anythin’ though.”
It knocks the wind out of him, and he lays his head on the ice. Everything hurts. His head, his neck, his back, his
at least. “Uh. Yeah. Yeah, I’m – I’m Peter.”
“That’s really great, Peter,” Wade says as he grabs his hoodie. “I know how much you hate it. Though come to think of it,” he adds thoughtfully, slinging his backpack over his shoulder, “who in their right mind actually
to talk to him (which
section. Even though Bruce is helping Thor with a project on Greek Mythology, not anything chemistry related. They sit huddled together, a pile of books and a trifold poster board set on the table in front of them. Thor looks like he’s on Cloud Nine just to be
cold.”
me. There’s no coming back from that.” For the first time in the glow of the mid-afternoon sun – or what bit of it manages to peek through the clouds – she notices the redness staining the whites of his eyes. It’s only been a few weeks, but this fiasco has taken a
Steve’s phone buzzes in his pocket and he takes it out.
Steve nodded. His hands were still shaking, and he was pretty sure the rest of him was, too. The room seemed a lot smaller than before. The numerous canvases of half-finished pieces really didn’t help.
with him or whatever; don’t worry so much, Steve.” He takes a large bite, leftover potato skins and all.
lot more interesting.”
,” Jen says, getting to her feet. She snatches his arm, dragging him away from –
It’s exhausting.
“Okay,
a big deal. It’s far from a big deal. He can handle this. He
Jennifer’s expression turns static and she flips around. “Tony, what the actual –” She rolls her eyes. The redness thankfully fades, though she seems unwilling to even offer Steve a passing glance. Because he’s an idiot who consistently reads the room wrong. “I need to work on something for once in my life. Um, excuse me.”
“I told Steve his pining face ain’t subtle,” he says.
” The pounding in his head says otherwise, but it’s
– he got this crazy idea that Steve and I were a thing and we just kinda
He sighs as he leans against the wall. This
– as long as she
voice, by the sounds of it – tries grabbing his attention to no avail.
“I, uh – I was just think – thinkin’ about somethin’,” Peter says, offering a small grin. It slips away when Tony looks up, frowning. The words come even less easily when Tony just sits, staring at him. “And it’s, uh – it’s something I haven’t even told Aunt May or Ned or even Gwen or MJ and I just don’t – I don’t want you to think I’m weird or – or anything, but –”
to ban him from posting on the front page of the website
Discussing the intricacies of Steve’s love life.
for a little while. I’m not much of a party guy anyway.”
?” she says.
“Okay, but –”
jotting down notes.
“Sammy!” A blonde guy Bucky vaguely recognizes sits next to him. “I got your message; what’s up?” Glancing at Bucky, he holds out a hand. “Yo, name’s Clint. Sam’s roomie.”
to say.”
His heart spikes, and he rolls straight off the bed, landing hard on the floor.
hour. And she still has a lot of homework to eventually sift through. Maybe she
. Literally
He opens his mouth to say exactly this, but before he’s even able to mutter a quick, “well,
can do outside of provide sarcastic commentary. At least not to Peter’s knowledge. If Tony winds up somehow implementing JARVIS's voice into that flight suit thing he’s building, no one would be surprised.
things when you're bored out of your freaking
“I’m terrible at it.”
Bucky nods at the tacky pumpkins. “Maybe a party?”
“Sounds fake, but okay.” Bucky ran a hand through his hair. “It’s okay though. I need a shower anyway. I feel gross.” He, of course, didn’t mention that he’d spent most of the morning in the shower because the falling water made it more difficult to tell that he’d been crying. His eyes were probably still red and puffy and they stung like hell and his hair was still damp, but luckily, Steve didn’t mention it.
Bucky blinks and glances back at the door. Natasha is done from the looks of it, but she’s talking with Maria Hill.
But whatever.
? If he finally figured out that Bucky doesn’t like him, then good. Took him long enough. “I’m pretty sure you’re all exaggerating,” he says as he waits for a reply. “Like, sure, maybe he finds me attractive – and who wouldn’t?”
Peter shifts in his seat.
Steve snorted and unfolded his arms. Sitting here was dull anyway, so he’d bite. “When I was ten, sure.”
“Welcome back, sir,” it says.
Grimacing, Steve looks back at his phone. Bucky messages next which means he and Sam are having a very pertinent conversation about Steve’s love-life (what else is new?) either through text or in person. (Probably in person.)
Peter spends too much time in Manhattan.
with him. (Even if he sorta, maybe, just a little…
got hurt though.” Steve winced as he changed hands. He had a sizeable shiner already, just under his right eye. “I know you’re just tryin’ to help, but –”
staring at Tony like a, ‘twitterpated moron,’ but it’s just so hard
moved on before he did, because he hasn’t really dated anyone
The S.S. Denial has sailed so far into the distance, he won’t be able to see it without a periscope.
Peter takes it gratefully, shoving it in his mouth all at once. Snickerdoodle. Good choice. He doesn’t even really
From:
“I mean, only if you’re comfortable with it,” Tony says, smile fading. “I’m just so
“Do you now?” Tony deadpans. He does glance up, however briefly, but doesn’t level his stare.
know, I – I could be a scam artist, tryin’ ta steal yer car.”
rich and smart as all hell – but Peter won’t ask.
“Sure, Tony. Sure.”
reality, however – because unfortunately, Steve
An unsent message to Gwen asking to
to roll his eyes, and Bucky laughs. Sam
Becca is silent for a moment. She sits back down, though continues staring at him. If he had to wager a guess, he’d guess that her forefront thought is calling him a stupid motherfucker. Which he doesn’t even
her head, rather than dead-smack the back –
, we’ve never done – and I’ve never even
“I am,” he said.
Bucky can’t even gather the energy to glare. He just mutters, “not the time, Wilson.”
Something in Steve’s expression made Bucky think that he wanted to say something more. Because Steve’s eyes lit up when he finally looked away from his lap. He may have even started to speak, but Bucky never found out because the office door swung open.
Tony clicks his tongue as he plays with the strap of the literal
. He only nods and gnaws on his lip, still a little dizzy because Wade hasn’t moved. And if he didn’t know any better, he’d swear that Wade’s gaze flickers down to his mouth.
This is… weird. “Okay?” he says, setting his sketchpad to the side. He’s just barely undercover, so his drawing is a bit wet, but no matter. It’s not even a real sketchpad, only a few sheets of printer paper clamped to a cheap clipboard.
“Cool, cool,” Wade says, smiling as he types it in. “I really gotta get goin’, but I’ll text you. Sleep tight, Pete!”
mope.”
“Were you
May asks, and Peter sighs again. What is with everyone’s obsession with his
“I’m feeling a bit disrespected,” Bruce lifts his head to readjust his glasses. “I’d hope most people know I have better taste than that.”
Steve blushed. He blushed
too well. People’ll take a gander at him and automatically assume that he’s
Calling himself Bucky Barnes’
. I just – I didn’t know how you’d react. I know we’ve been broken up for a while now, but –”
. It’s nice that they want to help him and all, but damnit, now they’ll be relentless.
while he has a chance – since Bruce and Jen are still in class – he may as well go for broke:
Steve had a rebellious phase? Let’s get coffee and discuss this. I wanna hear all about how Steve dyed his hair and listened to My Chemical Romance.
be, considering his height. “Or you just gonna sit there?” He leans on the counter, his bearded chin in hand, eyes narrow.
He pauses, lowering the bag of ice, setting it on his bed. He can always do laundry later. “You’re seeing someone,” he parrots. He half-expects it to hurt. Half-expects himself to at least feel a little hurt at the notion that one of his exes
. Steve wishes he had the foresight to catch it on camera.
, to be fair.
“I made him laugh the other day,” Steve says, smiling softly at his lap. No doubt dreaming up ways to
“I’m not sure.” Bucky racks his brain. He’s been hanging out with Natasha a lot, though he
“Steve, you literally walked into a door because the guy said
Feigning a sudden case of amnesia is probably out of the question since Tony was literally
Tony: 0; Peter/JARVIS: 1.
~ ~ ~
what he had in mind.
it to me.” When Peter’s only response is an eyebrow raise – because bullshit,
“May thinks I should call Cat,” Peter says, just as a way to break the silence. Not that the street is
With him.
for a Thursday afternoon – it’s windy and a bit wet – but it works. The park nice and open, but also a perfect place to host a private conversation. Or it
“And trust me, I
Steve turned away, his face burning.
translator, by the way. I just needed her to ask you a couple simple questions because I was just curious about something.”
would he assume that just because Steve
He shrugs when Jen shoots him a
, of course, but Jen isn’t too willing to call anyone out if they
… hopefully.
Bucky’s downtime. He enjoys Steve’s company, don’t get him wrong, but sometimes – sometimes it’s just nice to have some time alone. He’s able to take a break; able to… unwind. Because now that
style, personally, but whatever floats your boat, I suppose.” And before Bucky even has a chance to respond, a chance to tell Stark where he can take his so-called
the guy. They’ve had literally 0.05% of a conversation. The other 99.95% being Steve making an idiot out of himself. But Rogers swears up-and-fucking-
From:
Beth, however, is not looking anywhere near the other patrons, or
,” Tony says suddenly, his eyes growing wide. He skims the wheels along the floor, jetting back to his original post. “You’re here to tell me that you’re
“And here I was trying to be coy,” Tony quips, sitting back on the bench. It’s partially covered in fallen leaves, but he brushes them off and motions to the seat with a quick sweep of his hand. Which means he wants Steve to sit.
“Alright.” Steve pocketed the keys. “Pick you up later?”
,” she says, sitting on the sofa. The current cat, another fluffy white monstrosity, jumps to lay on her lap. “But you can’t tell me that you never noticed that Steve had a crush on you. He was so obvious.”
super close contact with the Pietro Maximoff – only a casual nod or ‘hey’ in the halls – but he’d be lying if he said he didn’t remember
“Steve and I, we’re not –” Bucky hops up because the energy just fucking
But he won’t.
He dabs the front of his shirt. Luckily, it’s dim. The only source of light is the overcast skies streaming through the window and a couple tiny table lamps, so she probably can’t tell that he’s blushing. “It went down wrong,” he says, voice weak. His lungs are swimming.
~ ~ ~
Stark shakes his head. “No, no – that’s not –” A slow, steady grin spreads along his face. “Wait, you’re Steve Rogers’ boyfriend. Right?”
friends and that’s all they’ll
“Just a little incident,” Bruce eventually says, absently tugging on the front of his sweater. It's a muted purple, the same color as his favorite button-down. Even in the dim light, it’s not hard to see his blush; it works its way up to his ears. “I embarrassed the hell outta Jen. And myself.”
“Is it a house?” Steve deadpanned. He was unable to stop himself from laughing again when Tony turned to him, mouth ajar. “Just a wild guess.”
He switches hands. The ice helps, but water keeps dripping on his sheets and down the back of his neck; the Ziplock bag isn’t doing its job of
From:
The teens are getting way too invested. Hardly any of them have their earbuds in anymore, their phones long forgotten.
to come out to
assembling an army of killer robots.)
“Practicing coitus?” Peter says, shutting down immediately as
He sighs. He already told
Bruce, on the other hand, just seems weary. The creases on his face make him seem so much older. “Don’t tell me you’ve picked up
to tell you things.”
happened, but that sentence still feels so… off-kilter. He's doing it for Steve though; he’s doing it
before Steve could even bring himself to
a grandpa.”
. He’s about to type a reply when Gwen’s name pops up; he almost breathes a sigh of relief.
, it’s long
“Nope.” Steve grinned. “I
realizing what he’s actually
Bucky really isn’t sure why his heart is beating so fast. It occurs to him that he doesn’t actually know where the hell her dorm even
“It was my own fault…”
“Why would he think that though?” she finally says.
getting dragged to another karaoke bar.
fucking cold.”
?” His voice
Tony paused for a moment, eyes drawn to the house. “You know what just occurred to me?” He turned back to Steve, smiling almost sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck. “And I hope you see the humor in this as I have, but –”
he’s not whining about his libido for once. She’s heard way too much about Tony’s lonely penis for one lifetime.
“There
Jen barks a laugh. It’s loud in the solemn silence of the library and a few people glance over. She claps a hand over her mouth. The idea of actual
Okay isn’t
“Oh.” Loki
From:
From:
Bucky silently agrees.
“About as well as you’d think.”
Bucky finally looked up, brows knitted. “We can’t be college roomies if we don’t go to the same
is a big deal. It’s just about the
to, that is – Stark’s gallivanting off to his own table.
“Y’know,” Natasha says, absently rubbing Steve’s back; it seems to offer little comfort. He doesn’t budge. If anything, he looks like he’s trying to burrow
“Dude.” Sam fixes him with a level stare. “I know you don’t like the idea. Hell,
“Maybe we should play darts instead,” Clint says when Kate misses her shot again. The white ball barely moves. He shrugs when she shoots him a glare.
Nat takes another long drink.
showed up.”
“You want me to ask her?” Sam asks with a frown. “I’m not sure if you’re in the right mindset right now.”
anything; he’d only hummed in response and muttered something about flying to Spain or something. Dude’s loaded, so why Norman chooses to be a college professor of all things is
insulted,” Tony mutters.
grab a thicker jacket if he intends to go anywhere though. It’s cold outside, after all, and all he has to show for it is a very thin hoodie. The library is basically across campus; he's not willing to freeze to death just 'cause he doesn't want to face - whatever this may nor may not be. The word
He doesn’t protest. He just drops the napkins at Beth’s feet, muttering another apology. All eyes follow them. When they open the door. When they’re outside, dripping wet in a matter of moments.
of his time and effort because when Steve falls for someone, he falls
, maybe at the rain hitting his face. It’s hard to say. He’s not wearing his aviators for once in his life, even though the overcast skies are almost as bright. “So, now that we have that established, I just want to ask you…” he trails off, his voice faltering, He seems unwilling to look Steve in the eye, his gaze averted to an area some two inches to Steve’s left.
save the eyes for last, judging by the bits of blue staining the tiny brush.
far. “Should’ve brought my hat, I guess.”
cracked his head open is a gift from God Himself. Headaches are too common nowadays in the world of Peter Benjamin Parker between Professor Osborn’s boring lectures and knack for
Sam pauses in his quest to dip his French fry in the ketchup overtaking half of Becca’s plate. “We’ll what now? I don’t wanna go all the way to Brooklyn.”
smart. Genius-level, really (and
Silence passes between them. Jen coughs into her fist. “So, uh, how are things?”
. They'll never be able to get drunk together; at least not in
to marvel at the way Bucky's throat moved and
She doesn’t bother even
Peter blinks. “So, it’s small?” This isn’t exactly what he’d call a prestigious university; it’s not exactly Harvard or Yale or MIT. It’s just a small state university. Why
“So, just quit,” Clint says.
“Pizza for breakfast it is, then,” she says with a laugh.
right, Wade. He
Bucky dead-drops his face into his hands. He wants to laugh. He really, really does, but Steve already looks so pathetic. Bucky more pities him than anything.
“Jen, I’m really sorry.”
hard to do and not everyone is able to remain friends afterward. Steve and Peggy might be the exception, he thinks.
took Steve up to his mansion for the weekend,” Bucky says, glancing back at Beth. She’s heading to the back, hopefully on the way to grab his good. “I’d say that’s progress.”
because if Peter had to see the girl his roommate is obviously in love with on top of everything else, he’d have a fucking mental breakdown.
. “Alright, man, but I’m tellin’ ya. It
. Bucky’s already a little embarrassed for her, for
“Well, they
‘no duh.’ It’s almost funny. “I wouldn’t expect a
. What the hell.
after all. Apparently. (So-called video ‘evidence’ still pending.)
Steve kept his eyes shut as he shrugged a shoulder. “You were drunk –”
~ ~ ~
“He dyes it, apparently,” Bucky mutters.
“Steve…”
In a very fortunate turn of events, Beth is nowhere to be found. The girl needs a break every once in a while, Jen supposes, as the four slide into their usual booth. Luckily only one other table is being used and luckily it isn’t anyone that they
Bucky thankfully turned back to his phone and didn’t notice the way Steve’s smile easily faded. He wasn’t stupid. He knew it was never going to happen. “I guess,” he muttered, running a hand through his hair.
“That’s Sam,” Steve supplies when Tony turns the page. “And don’t ask about the weird pose.”
However, sound travels. The room feels bigger than it should in its vacancy; like his words will echo through campus and get back to people it really
because it’s far too quiet. Even her criminal justice homework does little to keep her attention; she’s spent the last hour nodding off in the corner, bits of drool staining her papers because she’s long given up worrying if they’ll be destroyed in any flash flood.
Sam holds his hands up. “I’m
Tony dramatically lolls his head back to stare at the ceiling, like he’s having a silent debate with his own A.I. and
~ ~ ~
. Then she turns to Bucky, the corner of her lip curling into a small smile. “You must be James.”
Tony blinks. “Uh, I just – project-related. I’m – I’m gonna type somethin’ up real quick. I’ll show you in a bit.”
.” Peter offers a huge grin when Tony finally sends him that infamous death stare. Tony’s glare is probably the least-threatening thing Peter’s ever seen, so he doesn’t relinquish his shit-eating grin. Not for one shit-eating moment.
; not with Tony’s insistence that she play witness to another one of his lame-ass experiments, or Peter whining about math class.
your place, right?”
But he’s not brave enough to try and approach Tony again. The last time was a fluke, a stupid fluke perpetuated by a
“He can’t avoid me forever,” she says, raising an eyebrow. She takes the jacket anyway though, setting it around her shoulders. “I was friends with Tony first anyway; he’s pretty forgiving.” She pulls his jacket tighter as another breeze rolls by; he quells a shiver, cupping an ear with his hand. “Your friend could definitely do worse.”
he finally bulked up because Bucky’d grown tired of saving his ass time after time after fuckin’
Thor.”
“Hey, for what it’s worth, I didn’t mind.” Steve shrugged a shoulder, still grinning. He hoped his voice didn’t give anything away. “Better than that stupid party.” He was pretty sure his face was still really red, but Tony didn’t seem to notice. Or if he did, he didn’t make mention of it.
: Nate Summers, Vanessa, Thor (of course) – hell, even Carol Danvers (which went over about as well as
Bucky and Natasha both flip around and suddenly
“That’s fair,” he says quickly, holding his hands up. “I won’t say a word.”
class sounds like literal torture.”
Bucky sits on his own bed. This certainly isn’t how he’d planned to spend the day. He’d planned to maybe spend some time alone in the room, maybe take a nap, and then maybe venture out into the real world. Maybe see a movie. Go explore the city. Not watch a girl he’s only just met have a laugh attack.
they ever become friends. Or vague acquaintances. Or at least something other than… piner and pinee? Until then, no drawings. Just… pathetic gawking.
to her. Even if she clearly doesn’t
you, Steve?”
Tony shakes his head as they watch her go. “She has this weird obsession with murder.”
Steve almost smacks himself. Again. A chance to finally talk with the guy he’s been pining after for almost a damn
manage it, he’s in for a pretty long walk back to NYC.
Bucky handed him the keys anyway. “Take the car at least. I’ll be here for a bit.”
secrets. Not that Nat swore her to any secrecy. She just said that she shouldn’t tell
His eyes grow wide. “What the fu – it took you, like, a
didn’t just lose the only girl you’ve ever loved.”
~ ~ ~
laughs at the look on Steve’s face. Almost. He barely manages to stifle a grin as Steve chokes out, “We could start a group chat?” while trying to overlay his thick voice with an obviously fake cough. Because when Stark grins at him again, Bucky’s sure Steve’s about to literally
else but their living room, Bucky would’ve assumed it were blood. Steve always did have a knack for picking on guys twice his size; Bucky wouldn’t have been surprised if Steve managed his own secret fight club when Bucky and Becca were at work.
it,” Peter swallows thickly, absently fiddling with the frayed ends of the strings as he loosens the hood. “I’ve known for a while now, but…” he trails off, feeling that all-too-familiar warmth pool in his stomach. “I’ve always found guys attractive, I – I guess and maybe, like, had minor –
But Wade just lets him do it. Without conviction. And that’s honestly very… nice.
“That you’re attracted to men?” May raises her eyebrows. “Oh, please. I saw you drooling over Harry when you were in high school. And I’m pretty sure you had a thing for Ned at one point, too.”
Becca doesn’t say a word on the way to the station. She doesn’t say a word until they’re already on the subway, jampacked inside a group of teenagers who look like they’re on their way to comic con.
to mention it in the group chat – Sam’s all over him. Bucky states that he needs to
Jesus Christ. He groans. It
Loki heaves a large sigh, like
, and Tony had already flipped those inside out. He stood and rapped on the front door.
hear it from me."
“You’re just lookin’ a bit red, Pete.” Wade frowns, pressing a hand to Peter's forehead. “You’re kinda warm. Do you want some water or something?”
“I told Harry his dad’s a hack,” Peter grumbles, getting to his feet. Harry's response spoke volumes and he barely even
Sitting together on Wade’s bed are Wade, of course, and someone new. A girl.
the guy.
Bucky waits until they’re well out of earshot before turning back to Natasha. “Hey, are you –”
The scent of coffee beans wafts through the air. It’s so inviting, so serene. But black coffee without the aid of sweeteners is just
to fall for Tony Fucking Stark.
winning. His face couldn’t grow much hotter if it
remotely resembling… anything… else. He only looks mildly concerned, nothing more, nothing less.
“It’s only to try and make this guy he likes
Her hat is a bit crooked, but she’s cute; the forest green polo accentuates the bits of green in her otherwise hazel eyes. She quickly readjusts her messy ponytail shoved beneath a dusty, black cap before returning the smile, ten-fold. “Call me,” she all but whispers, motioning to the bottom of the cup. Scribbled below his name is a phone number.
“Did you really throw paper at my head?” she asks, motioning at her table. Luckily, it doesn’t seem like anyone’s looking to occupy the vacated space; at least not yet.
“What
From:
“Gwen, I’m fine,” he says, shaking his head. “I am. I’m happy for you. I’ve been over you for a while now, y’know.”
Wade doesn’t respond in jest; he only vaguely hums, though he probably has his headphones in, as always. He always seems to. Whether he’s listening to
trophy easily belongs to
. The idea is honestly
“Appearances can be deceiving.” Tony rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Being me isn’t all it’s cracked up to be.” He glanced over, chuckling to himself again; it came off as a bit sardonic and self-deprecating.
Standing by the car, however, is another familiar face: Nat sips from a large paper cup, smiling serenely down at her phone. She’s wearing a light grey hoodie that’s at least two sizes too big. If anything, it looks
,” Loki says, shaking his head, unconcerned. “And please,” he adds, glancing at her as she sluggishly stands, “I didn’t mean to startle you, but let’s not wake the neighborhood.” He elegantly crosses his arms, peeking an eye through the cracks.
She’s certainly more organized than either Tony or Bruce. Even
Steve only laughs harder. He leans forward, hugging his stomach. “Oh, my god. I always wondered why you didn’t take me up on the double date invites.”
“Nothing wrong with filling him in on things,” Steve says with a shrug and a small smile. “I know how important your experiments are to you.”
“I couldn’t tell her, Jen. You don’t
from desolate, packed with tourists. Everyone flocks toward the pretty lights.
From:
It takes several seconds for Jen to look away from her papers; she blinks, maybe in surprise, maybe to clear her head, it’s hard to tell. Either way, she says, “what?”
“This is Vanessa!” Wade says, a little too loudly as he suddenly scrambles to his feet. He gently grabs her shoulders, steering her toward the door. “And she and I have
“Seriously?” he mutters. All he needs is for May to start telling
Stark shrugs, still hugging himself. “I thought about it, I really did. I miss James a whole lot, but I just couldn’t bring myself to leave after…” He trails off, lowering his gaze to stare at the ground.
sorry,” Steve says in a small voice. Why would he
The courtyard is quiet with only a few bustling through the area as a segue to their next class. A few more lay in the grass, peacefully snoozing under the gold and crimson trees. Personally, Steve doesn’t think it’s nearly warm enough to comfortably lay on the dewy ground; mid-October is upon them after all and though it’s sunny, the air is chilly.
“Fair point.”
“Pretty sure Sam has it somewhere.” Bucky looped an arm around Steve’s shoulder as they walked to the car. They were close to the same height now, and Steve’s heart skipped another beat when their faces touched; Bucky's cologne was tantalizing, to say the least, but he ignored it. He ignored it best he
. Math, when applied to scientific calculations (e.g. chemistry or engineering) is interesting. Math by itself, like with any one of lame-ass, "if Thomas leaves the station at 2 P.M., when will he arrive in Vancouver?" problems is just so... damn...
Sam bursts out laughing.
existence. He glances back at the computer screen; a series of numbers pop up in the left-hand corner at lightning speed, while a red and green chart with a pointy yellow needle sits in the center. It’s not the most scientific-looking thing, but it works.
The University’s Halloween decorations seem to grow more and more campy with each passing year. Granted, Bucky’s only been here for three years (which means he’s
But feelings are feelings and he still
, just mildly concerned, like he’s worried he’s shattered Peter’s psyche.
“Steve Rogers?”
Bucky raised his eyebrows. “Wanda? I hardly know her. Besides, even if she
“Not like there’s much for me over there,” Steve muttered, forcing himself
“I mean, Tony’s been helping me, but –”
“Nat said they ran into him earlier.”
~ ~ ~
“Whatever, Sam. Talk later.”
to be surprised. No one ever
As much as he knows he already
“My brother needs some help with his history project,” Loki continues as if she hasn’t spoken. He licks the tip of his finger and turns the page. He pauses, possibly
Bucky rolls his eyes so hard, he lolls his entire head. His eyes graze the ceiling, finding more green cobwebs and streamers. It looks like a cheap movie set. “Alright, when you get the money for all that shit,
Peter hums noncommittally as he rises. “I’ll be back later,” he says, grabbing his backpack.
“Nope.”
“Stars?” Tony said softly, turning back. A wide grin spread along his face and for a moment, Steve marveled at the way the lights colored his skin green, red and gold. He had a very nice smile.
probably sit with them. The only person they
Steve wordlessly nodded, trying to seem nonchalant. He kept absently tapping his fingers on his leg, his whole body jittery with nerves. His stomach hadn’t stopped fluttering and that – that was definitely a problem. He was seriously content with never speaking again if it meant the fluttering would stop.
– he still seems pleased when Steve mutters a small, “thank you.”
Girls are weird, man.
just because Aunt May constantly feeds his ego). But he
of people are staring, but he doesn’t even
only so few objects in the area. So, Steve went for something a
the past while.
Aimless treading down the halls leads him back to his dorm anyway, though; old habits die hard, it seems. He fully intends to turn around, march over to the library and pray to whatever God there may be that Jen won’t mind him crashing another study session. Because there’s already a too familiar, nervous twittering in his chest. It only serves to remind him that he can only hinge on denial for so long.
. Like it’s no big deal, being told to pretend to date your best friend of fifteen years. What the hell? “Just think about it.” She then stands and walks out, her hands perched behind her back.
“Anyway, unimportant,” Stark flippantly waves a hand at the open air, “concerning their father’s
Sam bursts out laughing.
. But never – not
“What the actual
Peter relaxes back in his seat, tilting his head. “Who told you
It almost makes Bucky want to smack him because he’s a grown man giving literal
, and edges over the paper to get a better look. “It’s just that science
~ ~ ~
be diving into, not today. He points at some random pastry in the case and asks for a caramel macchiato. Gwen gets them a lot, so hopefully they’re good?
other timeline, Steve would march straight up to Tony and just
at it. It
“Fine," he eventually mutters, "but then right back to work!”
Bucky’s lip curls into a hint of what could either be a smile or a sneer. It’s hard to say. “Telling Steve Rogers ‘not to worry’ is like telling my sister’s cat ‘not to bite.’ It just,” he looks at Steve, expression softening, “it just goes against his nature.”
Damn thing’s not even in the right place –
Stark waves the same hand at the air, fully exposing his grin. “Nothing. Unimportant.” He glances back at Bucky and Natasha, eyes widening ever so slightly as if just remembering that they’re still there. “Anyway, I’m sure you two have – plans, or whatever.”
too easily in Peter’s mind, and he shakes his head. “He’s – he’d never be interested in
From:
Bucky nods, distracted by the mental image of Steve trying so hard to cover his lap with whatever random object he can possibly find. It. Is.
He loves the shit out of the guy,
“Some people be under the impression that you two are… together.” Jen winces, waiting for the inevitable backlash. Silence falls as the words hang in the balance.
to hear about it and then would probably spend the next few days venting his mixed emotions about his best friend dating his other best friend’s ex-girlfriend.
“So, I wouldn’t worry about it.” Sam, thankfully, seems oblivious to Steve and Bucky’s incessant mutterings. He turns back to his mashed potatoes. “I don’t think you
stop –” he paused, offering a slow, steady grin. “’Bout time you opened that.”
Which he supposes isn’t a
. I’m just tryin’ to
lately.”
Bucky examines it, mostly for something to do. Even if the pattern weren’t a
that he’s over it.)
toll on his sleep schedule.
paid off, thankfully – that he can take on anything.
Heaving another one of his weight-of-the-world sighs, Tony points at Peter with two fingers, “I need you to tell me if my readings are too hot.”
Tony groaned, dragging a hand down his face. “Are you a dad? Because that was a dad joke if I’ve ever heard one –”
“Nice to meet you, man.” Clint folds his arms, leaning forward on his elbows. “So, what’s the sitch, Sammy? Said you needed help?”
Tony opened the door without another word and fell out. Straight on his face.
“I hate you,” she says with a grin, “I really hate you.”
“I can’t
Thor’s carefree smile slides away, morphing into a full-fledged scowl. He
to look
Tony laughed. It was a weak, but it was there. “Fair enough. I guess I’ll just bitch about my lackluster life then, if that’s okay? If I had my phone, I’d be callin’ a friend of mine, time differences be damned. Though he lives in Cali, so it’s still pretty early there anyway, so –”
A little uncalled for, but she doesn’t comment. “I honestly thought Thor was straight too,” she says instead, scratching her head. And it’s really only
Bruce Banner’s ex-girlfriend.” He set his phone back on the table face-up, giving Bucky a cryptic look. “So, I’ll see if he can get her to talk to us about talking to Banner about talking to Stark.”
~ ~ ~
. Tony’s got a big ego, no doubt, but to jump to
, Peter loses his grip and topples straight back. Straight onto the tile floor, smacking the back of his head.
“Gwen,” he sighs, rubbing his eye with the back of his hand, “I wasn’t trying to –”
“You heard me.” Bucky tilted back in his chair, fixed on his phone.
have you guys been together?” Natasha, the cunning, little minx continues, her grin softening. Just a tad. She doesn’t look
Natasha expression changes so quickly it’s almost alarming. “Just because he never had a chance with
“Bruce…” Jen sighs.
have a lot of practice, savin’ Steve’s butt every other day.”
too. Why the hell does everyone think Steve has a crush on me?”
I’m drunk, not stupid.”
. He’ll never admit it Sam’s
“I can get drunk anytime I want,” Stark shrugs. “I just like doing it in the company of friends.” His eyes shift to Bucky. “You look familiar.”
. MJ also always tenses up whenever she’s mentioned. Or at least she
Steve didn’t exactly frown, but he didn’t smile either. He had an indistinguishable sort of neutral expression overtake his features as he dug the toe of his sneaker into the carpet; Steve was an enigma, alright. “Okay, Buck,” he said quietly. He glanced at his watch. “I gotta go meet Pegs pretty soon.”
Stark continues, somehow
more pressing matters to worry about.
someone. That someone, of course, being Thor’s little brother.
gettin’ into college. Or hell, if he even made it past freshman year, he’d jump for joy. He practically had a criminal record at this point.
“So, what exactly do I need to do again?”
she’s fighting an urge to giggle.
to do with the fact that one of his best friends accused him of being in love with one of his
about doing that with
“Peter, I will
, but he tries to ignore that for now and focuses on the grin Tony’s
certainly isn’t going to do anything about it. At least not before the next millennium. The main reason he scored a date with Peggy Carter was because
. He scrambles to grab the pad, but Tony gets to it first.
Steve’s jaw dropped and he scrambled to his feet, eyes darting between Bucky and his painting. “
sit in one place for hours on end?”
it that,” Tony mutters.
The first rule of the Girl Code – as far as Jen is
Eventually, Sam lifts his head and raises his eyebrows. “… what?” He sets the spoon down.
is not the word for it.
“Alright, you really wanna know?”
“We can’t have a party if we don’t have a
“I’ve been better.” The hoodie strings have fully encased Nat’s fingers and she begins twisting them the other way, unraveling the frayed strings. “I take it you’re here to avoid the boys?”
spot for a nap, but a nap is a nap. When she turns back to Tony, with the sole intent of telling him to do the same – even if it means taking a very uncomfortable-looking nap on the other side of the table – she finds him wagging his finger at DUM-E.
“It wouldn’t
be mad that Bucky and Natasha just
to believe that Gwen is mad about a girl he dated
“God-fucking-damnit.” Bucky flops back on the bed with a groan.
of prototypes
because if anything,
? He’d been a bit down lately, but holy hell, he needed to slow his role. Plus, Bucky would
both brunettes with dark eyes, after all.
I'm really sorry for not updating for the past few weeks. I was just swamped with school and then I was out of town for about a week. So I hope that a longer chapter makes up for it? Haha. It's a little over 5,000 words!
take three-fucking-hours. If people could learn how to fuckin’
“C’mon, Stevie. It ain’t the end of the world.”
does,” Sam says calmly, shrugging again. Or at least as best he can. It’s a tight squeeze, and while the ride isn’t exactly
He took a long breath, trying to quell his speedy pulse. “It’s now or never,” he muttered to himself, swallowing, hard. His hands shook with the effort to scrape his nail under the envelope flap. If he didn’t get it, it was
Tony only nodded.
~ ~ ~
partly due to the chilled air.
Weirdo.
to hang out with
.” Digging his own grave isn’t quite the term relating to this conversation, but judging by the blank expression on Steve's face, he may as well be.
stops grinning. It’s an epidemic, Steve
What a messy cleanup.
to say,” he muttered, batting at the family cat as she attempted to stick her whiskers in the paint can. She gave him a contemplative look and backed off.
“I’m twenty-
Taking a breath, he twists the knob.
– weren’t you?”
“And?” she says, glancing at the table again. No one’s tried taking her spot yet. Good.
Sam glances up from his phone. “Dunno, man. I don’t question anything they do ‘round here anymore.”
,” Tony says, voice half-muffled by his palm. “Let alone
Peter nods. It’s not exactly written in
Together, Steve and Bucky tore their envelopes open. Steve scanned the page, looking for the magic words.
, for Christ’s sake.”
got a chance to talk to him.
He rhythmically taps his fingers on the table, his other hand loosely clasped around the mostly empty cup. It’s mostly melted ice and whipped cream now, but he still takes a sip.
“Then why did you bring her up?”
. With any luck, he’ll be left alone – at least for a little while; left to draw as many trees and bushes as he pleases.
Walters,” another voice says, and Steve finds he’s getting pretty tired of surprises, “I know he’s a lot to look at, but you don’t need to
and he winces as another gust breezes by.
“I meant it.” Bucky squeezed Steve’s shoulder.
“No?” he said instead.
, and he goes and makes him
? Right. “Look, Bec,” he says, shaking his head, “Steve’s like my little brother. I love him, I really do, but I’ve never felt
“I have… class.”
flitters in his mind's eye and he winces. It's far too direct for his liking.
“I go to Starbucks sometimes!” Peter lowers his voice as he sits down, keeping his gaze pointed at the table.
From:
should be concentrating on his calculus class. Kid’s too focused on his love-life. Seems to be a
looks. He’s up and out of sight before Jen even has a chance to properly react.
“Um, can I talk to you about something?”
From:
The moment the news hits his friends – by way of group chat because of
to work past them.
last night. Something to do with Tony? He thinks?
on him that Steve almost whimpers. “You’re my guest after all, and this
The office was starting to feel like a second home.
is at least able to
“What the hell are you talking about?”
he says, because his hair is short and not at all able to nearly choke him to death. “Like, I know you’re avoiding the café or whatever, but I’m
“Of my face,” Bucky deadpanned.
. To be fair, she shoots him
. He just doesn’t like the idea of Steve liking someone as elusive as Tony Stark because Tony’s literally described himself as a “Genius Playboy”, and Jesus Christ, what a douchey way to introduce yourself.
handle this.
“I mean,
considering Bucky remembers his breakup as one of the most painful experiences of his life. Not that he and Matt were together
Bucky sets the phone between himself and Steve. “Let’s see here…”
“Not quite the word I’d use, but sure.”
“So, how was the study sesh?” Tony asks,
From:
“I’m not sure how he feels
“No harm, no foul.” Stark grins at him, and Bucky’s pretty sure Steve’s heading to Cloud Nine. He sits up a little straighter at least.
Peter sighs, careful to keep his phone poised under the desk. Not that any of his teachers seem to
helps. It doesn’t. It only makes Steve want to further ingrain himself into the safety of his own hands. His hands haven’t betrayed him. Not like his mouth. “Plus, this is
like, what’s his favorite color – all that jazz.”
. She
Steve scrambles to grab the device, face redder than the too-early Christmas décor adorning their local grocery store. “I was just about to wake you –”
Granted, Steve isn’t a mind-reader. He’s known Bucky for the better part of his entire
“Yes?” Steve tilts his head. His phone buzzes again, vibrating almost violently in his back pocket; he’s probably imagining the measure of urgency, but it somehow feels important. Someone really wants to get ahold of him.
Peter sheepishly grins. Okay, so
“I saw him buy lunch for Thor the other day, that was nice.” Steve rubs the back of his neck. “He helped Bruce Banner with his science project; they were working on it in the cafeteria the other day. I also saw him help Peter Parker with some math homework. Oh,
sort of science – whether it be chemistry or engineering or whatever – is boring. It’s important, sure, that doesn’t make it
Tony turned his head, lazily peeking at him with one eye. “I dunno
Steve slowly lowers himself, careful to keep a good distance. It’s not a large bench, only two seats separated by a metal bar, so there isn’t much leeway. Still, he keeps his knees pointed away, so their legs won’t touch.
didn’t help the butterflies. Maybe Steve
Somewhere in the corner, his roommate’s rummaging through the closet. They technically share it, though Peter’s pretty sure Wade has more things. Just in general. Wade has enough knick-knacks to open a pawn shop.
Steve shrugs a shoulder. “I mean, I
“I mean, sure, I had
“Alrighty, well, just let me know.” Beth walks off, her smile not faltering even as another customer demands another “less shitty” cup of joe. The café isn’t large by any means, so his voice travels; several other patrons turn to look, including Peter and Jen. Dude looks like he’s at war with
show me. Or at least fill me in a bit. I’m – I’m just
Somewhere in the midst of drunk college students, Sam’s booming laughter rang out. Steve looked to find Sam standing in a half-circle with a few others; Sam’s arm was draped around a short, dark-haired girl’s shoulder.
He glances at the sketchpad sitting on Steve’s lap. The edges are a bit crinkled, but the drawings are still perfectly intact.
From:
Steve trusts Bucky.
“I’m sure it will eventually be on the agenda though, sir,” JARVIS quips, earning a good-natured middle finger from Tony. He basically just flips off the ceiling and Peter chuckles.
~ ~ ~
cold out, but Bucky shivers anyway as a gust of wind hits them. He really doesn’t
“I try.”
Thor’s smile fades. “We’ll make this quick then.”
“James, no.”
less obvious. “I spy with my little eyes, something that begins with the letter S.”
“I am.”
affection, though affection nonetheless. But Steve isn’t stupid enough to actually believe that Bucky’s disdain for Tony comes from a place of
Rhodes, Tony would be undoubtedly the
; you literally
too. “
“Ow.”
And context is important. Context is what
“What?” He takes a sip of soda, ignoring the twin stares of disdain. His burger still isn’t here, but he’s not going to bother the waitress. Poor Beth looks distraught enough for one day without him pestering her for the food he’s ordered. There are more pressing issues in the world than his growling stomach.
– it’s still a terrible idea. He and Steve have never gone down that path for a
almost done with school), but he’s seen enough pumpkins to last a lifetime.
“I don’t know how you didn’t notice,” Sam says, shaking his head. He scribbles something in his notebook as he turns back to the giant history book taking up about three-fourths of his desk.
May asks.
Peter’s heart skips violently in his chest; he’s going to die of cardiac arrest right here, right now. “What – I never – I never
From:
And she needs
Jen ignores them. It’s about all she
and this is going to be one long, fucking year if he has to deal with
your boyfriend anyway?”
care for you,” she says quickly, taking his hand. She’s barely even looking at him, her eyes resting some five inches above his left shoulder. “You’re one of my best friends, and I would never want you to think that I
people. And they need to just mind their business –”
wants to eat his soup. His old spoon is lying somewhere on the disgusting tile floor, probably some thirty feet away. Or it may have landed in someone’s food, who knows.
too accustomed to, but Stark doesn’t pay mind. Which is probably a good thing, considering Bucky and Steve aren't even sitting together. So much for a convincing performance.
“I just meant shopping, in general. Sometimes I just want to buy things.”  Natasha looks him up and down, furrowing her brow again. “It’s not
“Just a bit,” Steve manages.
Steve was probably just tired. It must have been difficult to sit and just
Bucky sighs, scrubbing a hand down his face. Sure, breaking up hurts. He
was thinking – because I text him about just about everything and
, on the other hand, is staring at Jen, his eyes narrow. “What’s so funny?” he asks, ceasing all pretense of
came from.”
“Did you have
into him. He turned to find Tony Stark staring up at him through glassy, unfocused eyes.
“What, he catch you or somethin’?” Bucky stares harder at the punk because Steve
him. “And the café
It looks less creepy, more… carnival. Like the decorating committee or whatever decided to say, ‘fuck all, let’s make it green 'cause green means evil.’ Obviously.
Steve took out his phone and glanced at the screen. “A little over an hour, I’d say.”
“Oh, where are my manners?” Tony says, holding out a hand. “Tony Stark.” It’s an unnecessary introduction partly because, well, he’s
– I –”
But the literal
opportunity for Steve to tell you how he really felt!”
seems entirely… sure of it. I’m not certain if he’s just being paranoid, or if, well. You’d know better than anyone, I suppose.”
It’s all very weird, but very
Bucky snorts. Watching Steve grow up
The lights flip on and the hologram vanishes.
. She doesn’t bother keeping her voice down since the curly haired girl is now wearing headphones. Even the staff isn’t really paying mind now as they chat amicably behind the counter.
“Tony totally told him that he’s sorry for his loss.”
anything,” she snaps. Exhaustion provides enough wear-and-tear on a
Spending the day alone is a strange, surreal experience. Walking the streets of Manhattan without Tony and Bruce’s scientific jargon clouding the silence. Or without Peter rambling about why
thoughts – wondering why he ever told Sam about Steve’s pathetic crush to begin with.
,” Sam says, like
Who (or is it
“I’m fine,” Peter eventually says, running a hand through his jacked-up hair. It won’t lie flat. “Just – I’m kinda stressed. Tryin’ to get used to the college life, y’know?”
She scratches her forearm; it’s a clear attempt to seem busy. “I overheard him on the phone. He mentioned an artist he’d met, and how he thought Steve’s drawing of
is currently on. I’m not really
Bucky told Sam. Whether or not either of them will admit it, they tell each other
“Do you want anythin’ else?” Bucky asked, motioning toward the bar. It wasn’t much more than a countertop lined with dozens of colorful bottles. So much alcohol, so little time.
key, but no
She solemnly nods, eyes skimming the ceiling. She holds her empty cup in both hands, absently crushing the plastic in a too-tight grip; bits of whipped cream stain the clear lid. “I told Pete I’d meet him for lunch,” she says suddenly. “Pretty sure he just wants a free meal.”
From:
“… would you want to come with me to my mansion this weekend?” Tony finally asks, and he winces
“Well, look who
Tony that I’m bad at this –”
But nowadays, Peter spends most of his time hanging out with his new group of friends; his
superheroes – Superman, in particular. That can stay between them.
Peter nods. “Will do.” He fails, of course, to mention that he and Wade don’t even have each other’s phone numbers. They’ve only known each other since August. The look on
“Stevie was only tryin’ to do the right thing,” Bucky cut in, using the cloth to stifle the blood still dripping out his nose. It was probably broken at this point. Rumlow was a big guy who could pack a punch and
Unlike the cold laboratory, the library
gets Steve’s attention. He lifts his head, his face flushed up to his ears. “That’s a terrible idea.”
for him,” Steve mutters, fiddling with the empty shot glass. He’s definitely not getting much sleep tonight, not at this rate.
The words
for him -”
“I mean, people seem to always assume that we’re dating anyway.” Bucky rolls his eyes, grinning a bit. “I don’t think we’ve ever given off that vibe, but whatever.”
“This
“Because if you
” Natasha's hands fly up, palms flat against the open air. She's basically
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Steve have a crush on
you?”
anything,” Clint points out as he flags down the bartender. She’s not wearing a name badge, but Steve’s going to assume that the older, curly-haired woman is Josie. “Stark’s always lookin’ to show off anyway –”
“I don’t think it’s anyone’s game, really,” Sam deadpans. “I don’t exactly see people signin’ up for tournaments ‘round here.” He’s already beginning to slur and they’ve only been here twenty minutes. Jesus. “Bet they do in Vegas though. Seems like a Vegas thing.”
“What are you doing here?” Jen blurts out, like it’s a
to hide it.
is possible.” Sam shrugs, leaning his elbow on the counter. He shuts his eyes. “I just
? Venue doesn’t have to mean
very well. He ignores the notion that ice
Tony was out like a light within a few, short minutes. He still hugged his side as if the cool air outside was seeping through the cracks, though his fingers loosened; the carabiner was already on the floor.
,” she says, basking in the word like it’s a lost life-line to another world, “to taste like
It probably doesn’t. “Like, a
No one says a word.
if he doesn’t feel the same way – because while he
This whole ‘pretend dating’ thing hasn’t even really
.” He rubs his eyes with the heels of his hands. “I’m
~ ~ ~
When she finally
His heart almost drops out of his chest.
bed while I took refuge in a guest suite since my bed is the most comfortable.” He sends Steve a crooked grin which looks so unfairly
they do what they do – lay scattered over the tiny table; the chaos has a
hers? She’s so – so…”
in the top ten.
that.
So, Steve isn’t stupid enough to believe that it will happen again. Especially not after the
~ ~ ~
“He texted me earlier today,” Steve says with a shrug. Tony’s been texting him a
“Nat?”
he’s probably reading the room wrong, because he does that a lot, he shakes his head. “I hope I’m not hurtin’ your feelings when I say this, but I like to get to know a gal first –”
definitely takes some getting used to. The term doesn’t even seem
“But I don’t like
“Just call her tomorrow.”
and say, ‘hey, I’ve had this ridiculous crush on you for like a year. You wanna go out for ice cream?’
Jen looks up, blinking hard. It’s usually painful to drag herself away from her work because a break in concentration means a break in
“I regret college.”
“Get a better coat.”
From:
“You came
When she loops her arm through his, it’s strangely calming. They haven’t hung out – just the two of them, at least – in months; usually Ned and MJ join the entourage, so the conversations are always four-way, not two.
? Never.
survive? Maybe get a few bumps and cuts (because even if he manages to land neatly, it’s probably
no.” In a way, Bucky
Not that anyone really
They’re weird.
“Whoa there, sweetums,” Wade says, like he
He shrugs off his backpack, hoping that his voice isn’t shaking
. I’ve seen it. But I also know he can be really sweet. I think, underneath it all, his asshole persona is just that – a persona.” He shrugs one shoulder, grin more pronounced. “I think underneath it all, he cares. I mean, I’ve seen him do nice things for his friends, so he’s not, like,
“He’ll have what I’m having,” Jen quickly says, flashing a grin. She’s not even sure if Bruce
“Don’t mind him,” Bucky cuts in, placing a gentle hand on Sam’s wrist when he reaches forward. “He’s new here.”
“You should feel honored that I’m willing to sit here and stare at your mug for three hours.”
godforsaken school, you have a thing for
“About as subtle as a goddamn hurricane,” Sam says, smirking. He leans his chin in his hands. “So how you gonna do it?”
Peter rocks on his heels, not even bothering to hide his grin.
“Not exactly.” Tony drums his fingers on the steering wheel, though they’re not even listening to music. He glances out the window and makes a flippant comment about the starting rain; the gathering puddles reflect the brake lights too harshly, making Steve squint. It's not quite dark out yet, but it's not exactly sunny either; it's overcast, the grey clouds providing the only daylight.
If Bucky were here – and Steve isn’t quite sure if he knows where his ‘boyfriend’ even is, probably hanging out with Sam or something – he’d be chastising Steve’s fashion choices. Even though Bucky hardly ever dresses appropriately himself, but that’s neither here nor there. A sweater isn’t enough right now, but Steve isn’t willing to walk all the way back to his dorm to grab anything heavier.
Peter makes a low sound in the back of his throat. He probably – no, no, it
know all the logistics, but I trust him. He knows what he’s talking about.” He stares out silently for a good minute, frowning. “If not, I guess I could always ask Pete to fill him in, though Pete
at, no matter what Gwen may say; ex-girlfriend or not, he
didn’t really care to stop and chat right now, partly because Tony was
From:
Right now, Bucky only dramatically lolls his head and mutters, “alright, fine.”
when she’s sure it’s safe to look. Thor’s face is a blank canvas, devoid of
From:
“Why the hell aren’t you in Pasadena with Rhodes?” Natasha asks, flicking her wrist at him. “You’re smart. You’re rich. You could've gotten in without even
He’s not about to ruin her beauty sleep.
That’s no way to talk to your boyfriend, Rogers.
a college party. Even if it’s being held in someone’s shitty basement. The last thing he
, complete with a double garage and three-story windows. The spouting fountain situated by the front door, however, only serves to remind Steve how badly he needs to use the restroom and he’s about to say something when Tony says, “
Wishful Thinking really is bitch because although Steve
more than Beth, but Beth doesn’t argue; she only nods and agrees to remake his drink.
Tony only stares, not saying a word. He doesn’t even look
Bucky shrugs. “Prob'bly.” It’s not like he has the kid’s schedule memorized. Steve might be in class, or he might be out filling more of his sketchbook. Most likely in the courtyard. He's going to need a new one soon, from what Bucky can tell. Steve’s insatiable desire for inspiration
to get drunk?” Natasha asks. She doesn’t spare Walters even the slightest glance, her eyes fixed squarely on Stark and his unshaven goatee.
From:
Steve didn’t really pay mind to rumors though, so he mostly just ignored the guy’s existence. He
different people whose ideologies just do
Sam lifts his eyebrows, nodding at Bucky. “My buddy, James, here needs to talk to Natasha.” He grins. “It’s about Steve.”
“I am programmed to do Mr. Stark’s bidding,” the voice smoothly replies, the sound radiating throughout the room. It’s clearly not coming from the
a martyr on that hill if need be.
have cried in front of him.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
~ ~ ~
Steve groaned. Great, just
He waved back, hardly able to conjure a smile. She was cute, no doubt, but he just didn’t care. “Nah, I’m good. I think
On the contrary, they sit in Sam’s dorm.
when messaging his closest friends. Maybe Tony felt a pang of sympathy, but that doesn’t mean much; until last week, he didn’t even remember Steve’s
So, he pulled to the front of a house he thought resembled the one he had seen so many times on the school website. The entire front was adorned with multi-colored Christmas lights, which seemed a bit out-of-character; Tony Stark hardly seemed the decorating type, but then again, Steve really didn’t
that? Jesus Christ, Bucky’s right about the whole awkward thing. He gets to his feet and pats her shoulder. Which makes things even
His heart
Or not.
Steve shook his head.
“But that doesn’t mean the guy’s had a fucking – wait,
“You have terrible coordination. You probably would’ve fallen on your face half-way and napped ‘til spring.”
If Peter had anymore butterflies fluttering in his stomach, he’d soar away. He stares wide-eyed at the wall as Wade leaves.
; it’s difficult to get going once everything’s broken. But in this case, she’s almost thankful for the break; the papers
up to his ears; and it’s not like he can exactly
“Okay,
Starbucks is dead.
to long for something new or even just something familiar. He’d avoided Peggy’s last call, sending it straight to voicemail. She hadn’t tried since, and he couldn’t even blame her.
hat. Just
“That’s just
in Hobby Lobby.”
“Well, I hate to tell ya, Tones,” Steve shifts in his seat again. (Are they almost
awkward moments. Ones that he really
Groaning, Steve drags a hand down his face. They’re hanging out. They
“Not especially.” She tucks a strand of the longer side behind her ear. It will take some getting used to, sure, but he’d be lying if he said that it doesn’t kind of
a stalker,” Steve mumbles under his breath, though not quietly enough it seems because he
Sam, who’s been doing nothing particularly
From:
. Sleep first, shoes later.
May clicks her tongue.
, if a little ridiculous.
side? Huh,
“I really don’t.”
face must betray something, however – disappointment, confusion? Who knows? – because the next thing he knows, Wade
“Not even to just ask a
French fries, but –
“Weren’t
, and a shit ton of food, and everythin’ will be all set!”
“Curiosity kills cats, Mr. Parker.”
“It has the word in the title,” Peter grumbles.
He can’t even bring himself to argue when Sam suggests a trip to Josie’s. It’s been a hot minute since Steve’s even touched alcohol, let alone been to a bar. He’ll be far too jittery to sleep anyway, so maybe a nice rum will calm his nerves. Even if he goes to a seedy joint in the middle of Hell’s Kitchen to get it.
. Teenage angst and all. He’s still
brings them
questions –”
come with.” Bucky sighs, though he can’t help but smile when Beth finally drops off his food. She smiles back and it does seem genuine, but she also just looks utterly exhausted; deep crevasses linger under her eyes. She’s getting a big tip, that’s for sure.
a winter coat this time of year, but his faux leather jacket isn’t enough right now.
The living room hasn’t changed much; easels still ornate the room, still displaying Steve’s half-finished canvases. Most of the pieces are of Brooklyn itself: The Bridge, the Luna Park skyline, St. Francis college, that little café just down the street, etc.
“So, you’re an A.I.?”
“I don’t know,” she mutters, her gaze straying to her own feet. She’s still wearing her ballet slippers. “I guess – I dunno, I guess I just didn’t want them to think that I was just sitting around, crying my eyes out over him or something. That’s just pathetic.”
hide the grin.
Bucky nods. He almost feels guilty mentioning it, since Steve
anything.
Steve frowns as he hands the phone back. “What were you going to do exactly?”
stuff for once, and not just play witness for Tony and Bruce, or play mother hen to Peter. The library is also one of few places
They all seem to meld together in a discombobulated mess, the words devoid of meaning.
She frowns. Maybe it’s a mistake; maybe it was meant to stray
; certainly not
“Well, it was my parents’ technically,” Stark says, picking at a piece of fuzz on his sweater. It’s probably a good thing that he isn’t wearing leather again because Steve’s already staring. God knows what the punk would do if Stark were wearing his leather jacket; punk's a fetishist, no doubt. “But in any case, as their next of kin, it’s mine.”
; not exactly a turn-on.)
blowing their cover. But why the actual hell would she
“Just set up a meeting and I’ll see what I can do.” Though he’s clearly still not happy about the whole situation – and Steve tries not to pertain that to jealousy because it’s
“Just keep guessin’,” Steve said, waving a hand through the open air. He’d long since turned off the ignition; condensation had overtaken the windows and windshield. It was chilly, but still better than standing outside. “And before you ask, no, it’s not
high alcohol tolerance, so it was a once-in-a-lifetime event, but
To his credit, Peter doesn’t seem half as interested in this conversation as he does his phone. His attention is mostly on the screen, though he does add, “History is hard, man.”
“Pete?” Wade knits his brows together, and it takes Peter
“My brother’s checked that out more times than I care to count,” Thor says, scratching his beard. “He didn’t handle the news well.” He smiles at her, though it doesn’t
“First off,” she says with a deep frown, stepping across the room to sit with him, “I am sorry about your head.”
fake; her lips may curve upward, but it’s an effort. “Thought I’d take a break.”
Given the fact that Steve isn’t
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Bucky mutters. She’s
do my bidding or anything, but this one program I’m working on is voice monitored. So
. Ultimately, Tony’s mouth stays clamped shut. He only shakes his head, turns back around, and opens the door.
“What are you –”
of her?”
Bruce digs his phone out of his pocket in an instant. He frowns at it. “Why didn’t he just text me or something? He has my number.”
a better coat.”
It still stung.
Tony fiddles with a button on his shirt. “I fail to see the correlation.”
“Sam told me that Tony thinks –”
-Steve voice says from the doorway. And when he
“We should go shopping,” Natasha says, having long abandoned her own drink. She seems perfectly content as her curly hair dances in the autumn air.
“Yes?” Steve swallows, his mouth dry. He can’t exactly escape if this turns awkward. If he
Bucky shuffles his feet. There are still paint stains of every color adorning the white carpet. Would it kill her to clean the damn thing?
Maybe.
“I’m really happy that we’re friends,” she says, gnawing at a hangnail.
about it, Tony.”
, but Bucky didn’t think much of it.
“And I was
“Whatever,” Peter mutters, leaning his cheek on his fist. He looks around the area. The Hall is loud and busy with students rushing in to get food and rushing out just as fast. Or, much like Peter himself, sitting around on their ass for 90 minutes and pretending to do something productive.
. She doesn’t really seem to care anymore.
of him, he’s sure. “And what did
“Jesus,
help things. The room almost feels like a graveyard for failed experiments. Not even the color-ridden periodic table adorning the entrance can liven it up.
Bucky snorted. “So says you. Your little karaoke stint says otherwise.”
make them BFFs,” Clint says, glancing at him. This is obviously very, very true, but the fact that Steve’s even had a single, solitary conversation with the guy is a miracle even in itself. It’s definitely worthy of praise, considering Steve’s tendency to swallow his tongue when faced with someone he actually
Tony idly mentions something about an experiment. “Bruce said he could handle it from there,” he says, resting his hands comfortably on the bottom of the steering wheel. “He doesn’t
“So, Nate and Nessa give me a lot of shit for this,” Wade says, thankfully not noticing
When she looks back at Tony, he’s still staring at her, though his expression is less menacing, more… surprised. He nods at Bruce, quirking his eyebrows. On almost anyone else, she’d deem the motion unreadable, but on Tony –
After pulling on some pajama pants, he answers. Natasha stands a couple feet away, hands neatly folded behind her back. She’s staring at her shoes, seemingly determined to never meet Bucky’s eye.
,” Tony says, partially covering his mouth with his hand. “But you’re an old soul, Steven. I can
her to that new war flick. It’s more your style than hers, Stevie.”
she’d griped, tightening her grip on the pencil. It was
and not just because a couple people are giving them an odd glance or two: His front must be
not noticing a thing. “I’ll be right back. Reception in here is awful.”
“For God’s sake, Bishop,” he says, literally
from the party. It was a good night. After the third shot of tequila, however, everything’s a bit of a blur.
a teenager.
and it was
. “He created me from an image of an old friend.”
“This isn’t your house.” Steve breathlessly laughed. “Is it?”
“You really are,” he says, laughing even harder when she lifts her head and gasps. “You put
Natasha buries her face into Bucky’s shoulder while Bucky hides his face in his hands. Secondhand Embarrassment is a
Becca groans, tugging at the ends of her braided pigtails. She seems much younger than her 20-something-years. (She’s, like, twenty-one now, he thinks?) “James, come
“Then what –
Steve dipped his brush into another color, though Bucky couldn’t tell which. He supposed blue would be a nice guess, since Steve kept asking him to open his eyes wider.  “I’m fixin’ to get into a good college next year and I’m gonna need a portfolio.”
Bruce doesn’t seem to notice as he cleans his classes with the hem of his sweater. “C’mon, we should get back. I promised Tony I’d help him with something later.”
Didn’t
“I could use a bite,” Tony says, like anyone’s
appreciate Peter for making sure Tony lives to see his next birthday.
too harshly. Other, more palpable sources of sound – like chirping birds outside their window, and falling footsteps outside their door – help, but not nearly enough. “I kinda just – I listen to a bit of everything, I guess? Like, did you have anything in mind?”
“Oh, fuck, I’m sorry,” Steve says, a little louder than he probably
Steve chose not to mention the set of keys Tony was
“Have you spoken with the Maximoffs lately?” Stark asks, squinting at the slacks draped over his arm. He runs a thumb over the fabric, frowning. “There’s a stain?
“So, you’re –” Bucky pauses. He must have heard wrong because there’s no way. He scrubs a hand down his face. “You’re telling me that out of
“Okay,
for someone like Bucky who’s impatient and is slowing growing more and more claustrophobic the longer he stays in New York. “But he definitely did at
Sam half-heartedly waves him off, still chuckling to himself.
“Still am. I think?”
Becca leaps to her feet, sending the cat tumbling to the floor. “You
“He talks about me,” he says without thinking. “He talks about me
“That’s nice, Wade,” Peter mumbles, half-heartedly waving a hand. There’s a dip on the bed.
Peter wills his face
. But Jesus Christ, his face heats up so fast he’s surprised the sprinklers don’t go off.
her. “I already told Brucie that I’m
part. Tony
“He did
see his breath. Maybe he
“James, I’m really sorry,” she says again, and she
much: Just hold hands, sit close together, hug more often – easy stuff. Nothing
to crack a grin at that. “Video evidence still pending.”
“Steve…”
before walking off, phone at his ear.
either, “but I listen to dub-step sometimes. I wouldn’t exactly recommend it for study sessions or whatever, but it can be weirdly relaxing –” he somehow manages to lean in even further as he shows Peter the screen.
Her response is immediate:
for Christ’s sake.
Thor Odinson, being
“Just tell me what the hell you even see in him.” Another fair question, he thinks because all he’s seen so far from the likes of Tony Stark is a guy who shrouds himself in his own ego. And Steve deserves so much more than that. He deserves someone
“Steve and I are very happy,” Bucky blurts out, and out of the corner of his eye, he clearly sees Natasha face-palm.
“Hey, don’t shoot the messenger,” a very distinct, very female, very
Steve drops his face in his hands.
Bucky tugs at the frayed strings, pulling his hood tighter around his ears. The wind, however, doesn’t seem to care; it seeps through the material anyway, like someone’s dumped a bucket of ice water over his head. His ears honestly
, Steven ‘Fight Me’ Rogers.”
Peter glares as he snatches the bag from Sunglasses. He’s the only one
“Let’s go,” he insists, leaping to his feet, his words muffled, “It’ll be
boyfriend; this isn’t
He groans. Jesus fucking Christ. They really aren’t going to let this go, are they? Granted, if it
shindigs.”
“Bad day?”
Bucky can’t help but laugh. The idea is
From:
, thanks,” Tony says haughtily, not-so-subtly sticking the paper in his back pocket. “And the end product will be worth it. It will
to run into Stark earlier. It’s not like they were
anything. Then again, the guy is literally
From:
, Tones.”
(Which explains his falling asleep in the library. Again. Thor seemed concerned as he packed up his stuff, but said nothing.)
“That’s a good point.” Becca is way too excited for her own good.
“Are you okay?”
,” he muttered, taking a sharp turn; this did nothing except make Tony’s head lightly bump against the glass. He stayed stubbornly asleep.
good at it.
“And won’t
means. He shakes his head. “I didn’t want to make him feel bad about his last break-up though. I feel like an asshole.”
She stares. “You’re kidding me, right?”
Steve sighed. Jesus Christ, he was never getting home. “Alright, just don’t fall asleep. I’d like to get back before my next birthday.”
Bucky smirks as Steve bristles. Well, not so much bristles. He more opens his mouth. Then closes it. Then opens it again. Nothing comes out. He just gapes at Bucky, like the Bisexual Disaster he is.
Peter sighs. This is
“Nat, you’re still friends with Bruce, right?”
– this whole thing could be mutual, after all. “Of course,” he says, brushing Peter’s hair off his forehead, “anything for you.”
. It seems like such a strange thing to do, something he’s only ever really seen in movies and cartoons, but here she is, cringing. If a black hole opened up and tried to suck her in, right here, right now, he has a feeling she wouldn’t protest.
how fast the train is going? No one.
It stung, of course.
,” May smiles, leaning forward on her elbows, “tell me what he’s like.”
to tell Bucky.
saying what he thinks she’s saying. Jesus Christ. “Because I’m really happy that we’re friends, I
Tony waved him off, hugging his side. “I’ll give directions.”
He glances back at Clint and Kate. Clint’s definitely getting an earful by the looks of things. When he mentions this to Natasha, she laughs; it’s a short, almost mirthless chuckle, but it’s something.
to my list.”
. “But um, anyway. I just wanted to ask how – how you are. How
Tony wipes his nose with his sleeve. “I’ll have to bring you down to the lab sometime. Despite what Pete may say, it’s
Natasha smiles at him and then turns to Sam, who’s barely in the process of picking his jaw up off the floor. She doesn’t seem concerned in the slightest. “Natasha Romanov,” she says, sticking out her hand like she’s propositioning a business deal.
“Are you okay there, Pete?” Gwen continues chewing on her weird pineapple pizza as she hands him a napkin. “Please don’t die on me. Everyone’s gonna think I poisoned your soda. I can’t afford to go to prison; I have finals.”
“Tones is unconventional, that’s for sure,” Peter says, stepping forward to gaze at the papers. They’re schematics for jet boots; a nice addition to the pack. “He’s really gone all out.”
Try as he might, he can’t help but smile.
"You pick the weirdest things to get mad about," Sam says, shaking his head. He finally takes a large bite out of his own food - a hefty helping of mashed potatoes. The university's cafeteria isn't exactly known for variety.
you tell Tony Stark that I’m seeing someone?” He pauses. “Who isn’t Steve? ‘Cause they both texted me and – oh, my God. You
you or something?” she says slowly, testing the waters.
what always happens… “We don’t have to –”
,” he solemnly declares, puffing out his chest. It doesn’t do much except make Jen smirk.  He hears the unspoken comment about how he looks about as threatening as a newborn kitten. If Ned or MJ (god,
Bucky huffs and runs a hand through his hair. He seriously needs a trim; it’s past his shoulders now. “Your point being…?”
“… but if I could just cryogenically freeze myself, come back in a few decades..."
“I know,” Steve said as he started the car. The engine sputtered a bit, but started fairly easily, despite the cold. “I’d be hard-pressed not to find someone who doesn’t know who you are.”
“This is your place, right?”
made things easy with the whole ‘up and out of bed before dawn’ thing.
work,” he says, swirling his straw again; his soda’s completely gone, leaving nothing more than a layer of half-melted ice cubes.
got Tony’s attention for whatever reason. He awoke with a start, eyes widening when they met Steve’s. “What’s – where – we –”
She still has her face buried in his chest, shaking with laughter. “I’m the
“This whole fake dating thing was
This whole day hits too close to home. Peter runs his finger over the bump. “Makes sense.”
“I – I just wanted to apologize,” Steve mumbles, voice shaking. “I know that this is
“Alright?”
a sore subject, and it’s not exactly something he’s keen on mentioning.
– to a complete
Steve doesn’t even argue the point, he’s laughing so hard. Not that there’s anything
“And you would be too if you stopped mopin’.” Bucky frowned into his drink. “I’m sorry ‘bout Pegs, I really am, but there’ll be others. And it’s not like she hates you or anythin’.”
of all people to pick a fight with; I’m gonna be feelin’ this for a week.”
meet, she loses it. And she doesn’t just
Bruce buries his face in his hands. “It’s just – I’m so done with
. Are still what drives
Because in another reality, in
“I’m so sorry!” she all but yells, scrambling to her feet. She topples over again a moment later, landing on his chest.
