then Cas abruptly takes his hand away, and Dean’s thrown off by being left in the lurch, hips twitching up into nothing as Cas runs his hand up and down Dean’s heaving chest, crooning endearments his ear as he settles back down.
Dean obviously thinks differently. Castiel had suspected as much for a while, but it’s flattering as always to have confirmation, to know how much Dean wants him. It’s a desire he doesn’t suppress – not anymore – and he doesn’t want to. He wants Castiel to
Before long Cas snakes one hand between them with the clear intention of getting himself off. Dean doesn’t try to take over. Frankly, he likes watching – Cas’s long, thick fingers wrapped around his cock, his muscles flexing, eyes closed as he groans loudly, coming hard all over both their stomachs, spilling into his own hand. Dean knows that Cas finds pleasure in just about everything they do but it’s still a thrill every time to see that Cas feels good, that Dean can give that to him. It’s flattering,
tone of voice, fumbling the back door open instead. Cas is obviously impatient too, nearly shoving Dean inside and onto the seat before climbing in after him.
Deans heart thuds through the silence that follows. “I have been avoiding you,” Cas eventually admits, “But it’s—” he seems to struggle with himself, exasperated and slightly confused, “Dean I… I
“Even if that’s forever?” Dean asks, and that was supposed to be a joke but the second he hears himself say it, he wonders who the hell he was trying to kid.
normal, and honestly, fuck Sam for being so calm.
Cas’s gaze meets his, eyes wide and earnest. “So do I,” he says, voice impossibly deep, and yeah, shit, he doesn’t need an involved discussion to interpret that. The way Cas is looking at him is more than enough.
Dean flinches. He’d love to think that this guy’s just being a dick, that that comment was just another
Dean blinks. “Uh.” Did Cas say something? Fuck, how long has Dean been standing there drooling? “Don’t you ever wear a shirt anymore?” he snaps before he can stop himself, and feels instant regret. It’s not even a fair criticism; Cas was just in bed, and Dean’s only seen him shirtless twice, so it’s not Cas’s fault if those brief moments have had an inordinately heavy impact on Dean’s memory. But Dean’s far too distracted by Cas’s body, still half-asleep and drowning in lust. He can’t be expected to think his words through. God, with the way those pants fit Cas, Dean swears he can see
Cas looks pleased again as he wraps his long fingers around Dean’s cock, and Dean doesn’t think he lasts even five seconds, moaning and panting terribly loud by now, choking out
“Look at me,” Cas says, sounding unmoved, but Dean opens his eyes to see absolute fire in Cas’s gaze, an almost protective sort of vigilance – watching out for him but just
Castiel takes in Dean’s slightly stunned expression, wondering what it means. Castiel is thrown a bit off-kilter himself. After a few beats, Dean clears his throat awkwardly, and Castiel attempts to break the silence. “Satisfied?” he asks, attempting to recapture the playful tone from before, but he falls flat.
It all seems so… silly, when he thinks about it after the fact, at a level-headed distance, even more so now that he and Dean have acknowledged it out loud a couple of times. Really, just the idea of anyone
away either. He’s not going anywhere—never would, in any context. Even if… Even if this isn’t what Castiel is sort of hoping it is, he’s selfishly enjoying this time alone with Dean. Just being able to be by his side is what really matters.
,” Dean repeats emphatically, breaking into another near-hysterical peal of laughter, shoulders shaking, cheeks still damp. “Uh,” he says when he finally calms himself down, “Wow.” He feels floaty, faintly delirious with relief and excitement. Thank god for happy accidents, because he wouldn’t have known how to ask for this and it’s so
Dean should leave now, he
A bit of heat slips into his voice at the end, betraying his interest. But Dean looks quite into the proceedings himself, maybe picking up on the fact that Castiel doesn’t need this, he just
“Yeah,” Dean says, scrubbing a hand over his face and fishing out his wallet. “Good idea. Not digging the vibe here tonight either.” He just hopes they can salvage some of their plan to unwind once they get back to the bunker.
, that’s good. Why doesn’t Cas do this for him more often? Dean’s sure he would if Dean only ask him, and yeah, okay, that’s something to think on. Cas even goes as far to
Dean glares at him, pointing an accusing finger in Cas’s direction. “If I have a heart attack and die, you can skip the salt and burn cause I’m gonna haunt your ass for the rest of your life.”
“I’ve never thought about it,” Cas says, glancing at his own hands with a slight smile, a faint hint of pride in his eyes.
something with Dean come to mind, although in that case it was only logical that, after days upon days of enduring that infuriating display right under his nose, Castiel would reach a point where he could tolerate the situation no further. But sometimes it happens so suddenly; he can be the picture of professionalism one moment, questioning the owner of a strip club about an employee’s disappearance, and completely preoccupied the next, jaw clenched as he sees one of the women saunter over to Dean and offer a dance. The reasonable side of his brain knows that she’s just doing her job and angling for a generous tip, but she still sought Dean out over the other patrons, had the audacity to touch his arm while she spoke, a coy smile on her face, and Castiel just finds that… intolerable.
“It is
Dean’s about to take offense and argue that he’s
Jesus, there’s a loaded question, and Dean has no faith in his ability to get around it without saying something stupid or incriminating. “I mean— y’know, it’s just,” he attempts, fidgeting under the scrutiny. “Around here we usually keep our shirts on in the kitchen. Just saying,” he finishes lamely.
that Dean has shared this with him – they haven’t explored it much, but Castiel expects that will change. He’s looking forward to it.
“I want to make this good for you,” Castiel confesses, squaring his jaw, perhaps experiencing a sense of competitiveness with whoever’s done this with Dean before. “I want this to be good.”
“As long as it’s somewhere we can drive,” Cas says knowingly.
“No, I think I could use a reminder,” Cas replies quickly, slipping his hands beneath the hem of Dean’s t-shirt, sliding them up his torso until the fabric bunches and Dean’s forced to take it off.
“I doubt that,” Cas says with a scoff of his own, then pitching his voice lower. “You always look good.”
Dean’s not sure if Cas means it’s “not an option” because it’s morally wrong or because Cas doesn’t have his mojo anymore – or if that comment was supposed to be a joke. It’s hard to tell with Cas sometimes.
It’s hot. After decades of enduring this unforgiving atmosphere, Dean would’ve thought he’d get used to it, but it’s just as oppressive as the moment he arrived, long before he took up the lash and became the
When they pull into a gas station, Dean takes care of the car while Cas goes to the mini-mart. It’s deserted and dim outside, and when Cas returns and hands him a cardboard cup, Dean’s feeling bold enough to cozy up to him a little, share some of his body heat in the winter chill. He even sneaks a peck on Cas’s cheek before he pulls back to remove the nozzle from the tank.
on Dean’s face, vanished as soon as Castiel could detect it. Dean gingerly sits up, licking his lips. Cas clenches his jaw, trying not to stare at what he knows is a reflexive, nervous gesture—because for all his self-control, that’s not a sight he’s immune to. He hasn’t been for a long time. “See ya tomorrow, Cas,” Dean adds as he rises from the sofa.
Their romantic relationship, that spark when everything was fresh and filled with possibility hasn’t worn off over time like he feared. It’s constantly rekindling, that nervous energy he’d felt at the beginning finally stripped away to expose something quieter, subdued but profound. Like they’d already been together forever. They feel
Cas smirks at him, not unkindly, a look of fond amusement in his eyes at Dean’s enthusiasm. Dean can admit that outright asking for direction before they’ve even begun might be a little over the top, but hey, this wouldn’t work without a certain amount of
“God,” Dean says with a self-deprecating chuckle when they finally break apart. “When did I turn into a sappy drunk?”
Dean blushes, attempts to cover it up with a short laugh. “Don’t have to sweet talk me, Cas. I’m already a sure thing.”
And as much as Dean wants to keep going, he has to admit that this might not be the best time. “Yeah,” he agrees, with some reluctance. It’s too sudden, too unplanned. He wouldn’t mind better circumstances when they do this for real, to be in their own bed, riding high on arousal – not that he thinks it would take him that long to get there. God, it’s just as good as he remembers, and he’s so
Dean’s never had the best sleeping habits. As far back as he can remember, he’s been wrangling with a circadian rhythm that matched his lifestyle – unstable, wildly unpredictable,
“Oh right, duh,” Dean teases, expression relaxing into a faint smile as his eyes begin to drift closed. “Well, keep up the good work, I guess.”
The sigh is unmistakable this time. “I only meant—” Cas’s voice catches, he starts again, “We should talk about it, shouldn’t we?” He doesn’t sound thrilled about the prospect either.
This is different from any previous embrace they’ve shared, and Castiel savors the welcome novelty of being allowed just to
“Is it good?” Castiel has his suspicions, but he’s anxious to hear it.
Cas fidgets in what Dean recognizes as annoyance, fixing Jones with a grave look and finally breaking the silence. “Could you tell us about it?”
“’Night, Cas,” Dean mumbles, sounding more peaceful and content than Castiel’s ever heard.
What’s less predictable is that they spend long hours just…
His mind keeps wandering back to Cas the moment it isn’t otherwise engaged, and Dean’s well aware that actively trying
“Fine!” He shouts, too late, before slamming his door.
Ishim returns to the street late afternoon, he waits around until he sees Sam come home from work. He notices that Sam is quite punctual, leaving and returning at very roughly the same time each day. He has also taken note of the days that Dean is not home. It appears to Ishim that the man has a schedule of three days at work and two days at home, at home with Castiel. It makes his blood boil to think that Castiel is spending all of this time with another man But he tells himself to be patient, all he has to do is watch and wait.
“Your legs are ok? You can swim?” he asks. He can see the cuts scattered over his daughter's arms and back but he had to be sure that she hadn’t suffered anything more serious. He was aware of the aching in his own leg, although now it was like background pain, not the sharp stabbing pain it had been at first.
“I’m fine, Sammy. My hand hurts a little but really I’m okay.” Dean says, showing Sam his bruised, split knuckles, “I’m more worried about Cas.”
“Go sit down, I’ll get that for you,” Dean says softly, as he walks into the room, Cas startles and nearly falls over, catching himself on Dean’s arm.
He stills as tears blur his vision, not wanting to wake his son who had finally fallen asleep. He misses Castiel. He can feel his chest shaking slightly as he tries to hold in his sobs. What is he supposed to do? He finds himself wishing Castiel could tell him, how to find him… that Castiel could tell him what to do and that it would be alright in the end…
Dean nods, “Hell yes, I’m ready. Give it to me, babe.” He smiles up at his husband as he traces his hands down his back, pulling at his waistband.
“Cas?” he croaks, needing to clear his throat he turns away and coughs a little against his shoulder, he tries again. His voice barely audible as he whispers tenderly, “Cas?”
Dean had already posted an advertisement for a new housemate, but the few people who came to check it out didn't want to live with a deaf guy. No matter what their excuse was, Dean knew the truth. He remembers how hard it was to find someone last time. Benny was so relaxed about the whole deaf thing, like it didn’t matter. Dean’s always amazed at how people fear anything that is even a little different. It’s not like deafness is contagious. He’d even had Mick come over for a couple of the interviews, but that seemed to make it worse. People seemed to think that Mick would need to be there all the time or something. Like Dean needed Mick as a full-time aid. God, people are weird.
Kevin looks up with wide eyes. “No, thanks!” He points toward the bar. “Your hottie is back at the bar.”
Dean is watching the dancers and freezes partway to his chair. “Holy Fuck.” He murmurs and finally completes his sitting-down motion. “Guys, That’s him, the dark-haired guy, there.” he points up toward the stage.
Regretfully, she walks away from his bed. Mentally mapping her way so she can get back to him as quickly as possible. She remembers that there is a table with water bottles near the stairs, so she heads that way, weaving gracefully through the thronging crowds of people. When she makes it to the table, she reaches out for a water bottle and her eyes glimpse a flash of color over the banister, she narrows her gaze to focus on the people on the floor below. There are so many people, but her eyes seek out the bright colors that had caught her attention. Her breath catches in her throat as she spots a man, wearing the same ugly swimming trunks her dad had been wearing, walking away from her on the level below.
“I bet that thing isn’t even loaded, is it?” the man asks incredulously, his overly lighthearted tone giving away his true nervousness.
He wishes that Jack and Claire hadn’t come with them; if he knew they were both safe at home, he’d set off and search for Cas himself. But Jack is far too young to be trekking through sea-swamped lands, where there are bound to be dangers and bodies lurking around every corner. He wants to shield his son from seeing the inevitable horrors that the wave will surely have left in its wake. Not to mention he has no idea where to look, finding Castiel and Claire could take days… weeks.
Openly sobbing as she wipes her mouth, she cries out, “I can’t, I can’t… Don’t make me.”
The Novak’s own some very famous and very expensive pieces and Gabriel had made a deal with the gallery to show several of the paintings from the collection. The most coveted by the gallery manager being a beautifully emotional painting depicting an angel overlooking a couple in love, ‘The Angel’s Heart.’
Dean shows him the room and the rest of the small apartment. It doesn’t take long to give a tour of the whole place.
Claire squeezes his hand in response and wipes her face again as Castiel says, “Be brave, ok?”
Meeting his eyes, the nurse gives him an encouraging smile and says, “We will do everything we can, for him...”
Castiel finally gets to meet the man called Dean Winchester.
Gabe barked out a laugh, “Nothing too illegal, my friend. Just some beer, I want my little bro to have a great time for his sixteenth.”
“Mhmm, yeah… fuck, so good, Cas.” Dean’s hands slip from Cas’s hair down his sides to his hips digging his fingers in, he pulls Cas ever so much closer as he fucks up into Cas’s hand.
Dean is still standing with his mouth open and his hand on the edge of his bedroom door.
“Who do you ache for?”
Jack rests against his dad's side, soaking up the comfort. His eyes close and after several minutes Dean thinks that maybe Jack has fallen asleep in his arms because he has been quiet for a while.
Making quick work of his belt and jeans, Cas frees Dean’s hard cock from his underwear and leans in to lick a stripe from base to crown. It’s been weeks since he was able to hold Dean. So, to have him here, finally, in his hands, to be able to taste him again - it feels like heaven. He hadn’t realised how much he’d missed it until this moment. The memory of holding Dean, of them being together like this… in no way does it compare to the real thing, of having him here now and feeling him quiver under his fingertips. He wishes he could take back the time they lost, he wishes he could have seen the damage he himself was inflicting on their relationship by avoiding the issue for so long. Knowing he can’t, he makes up his mind to try and make it up to Dean in every way he knows how. Starting with, but by no means limited to, pleasure. He takes Dean’s impressive length into his mouth. Licking and sucking around the head of Dean’s cock teasingly as he looks up at Dean through his lashes.
Cas turns to look at Gabe, shaking his head and softly answers, “Not much,” before heading up the rest of the stairs. Gabe just watches him go in confusion.
“Oh my God, Dean! He winked at you!” Charlie squeals and punches Dean’s arm.
“Yeah, of course. I’ve really missed you, Cas.” Dean was having trouble looking at Cas. Dean wasn’t usually shy or quiet, this was an odd look on him.
“Need some help there, Cas” Dean asked with a grin, knowing the kid didn’t know he was standing there, and Cas typically didn’t use that language around anyone but Sam.
When Dean finally stops talking, he blinks at Cas and looks around. “Ooh, yummy, Harvelle’s! I love you, Cas! You always know just what I need.” He slides across the seat and cradles Cas’s cheek in his hand, “You’re the sweetest, kindest man I’ve ever met.” Dean takes Cas’s face in his hands and gives him a firm yet chaste kiss, then nudges Cas to open the door and get out, “So, what did you do while I was at doggy school?”
“But Doc, will he wake up? I mean it’s been almost two months since the accident.”
“Hey, guys.” Jay Leno walks up and claps Cas on the back of his shoulder. “Thanks again for the magnificent machine. I want to invite you and your team to the charity auction next month. That second bike you made me is up for auction, and I would love to have you there to boost the excitement and perhaps pry open those buyer’s accounts a bit wider. The JDM Foundation is supporting Equality Now with the majority of the proceeds, along with a few other humanitarian charities. Only that one bike will be up for auction, the first one and this one will be on display, which is why I think you guys need to be there.”
“Castiel you mustn’t.” Scolds his brother.
“It’s no problem, Cas. I’m just glad I wasn’t on a call and could talk to you. I hope you’re feeling at least a little better now.”
Wanting to take Cas’s mind off everything that had happened with Ishim the previous day, Dean decides to take him out to look at cars. With Ishim being in police custody, there’s nothing they can do about him today; they just have to wait for someone to call them with the information as to when his court date will be.
“Ah, yeah. Benny made it official today. He finally moved out of mine and into hers,” Dean signs to them both.
Ishim wraps his arm around Cas and pulls him close. “You’re forgiven, baby. Just try to be better, okay?”
Cas listens to the steady beep, beep, beep of the machines next to Dean’s bed. Heart monitors, breathing monitors, medication drips… so many wires and tubes. Dean looks fragile lying in the small hospital bed. Cas has just finished shaving Dean, and is combing his hair since it’s getting a bit long and is a mess after being washed while Dean is still lying in the bed. Cas is talking in a low tone, reminding Dean how much he is loved and missed, he talks about taking their motorcycles out for a trip upstate. Cas kisses Dean’s cheek. “I love you, Dean. I miss you so much, please wake up.” Cas clears his throat and wipes his hand down his face to erase the tears.
“Yeah, really,” Castiel smirked.
Sam was even smarter that Cas, but he loved to study and learn outside the school curriculum. By their freshman year, Sam had probably read every reference book in the library.
“Ah, hold on.” the man rolls down the window of the car and with two fingers in his mouth he whistles to the doorman, who hurries over to them and smiles nervously, “Will you please hail a cab for Mr. Novak?”
To his humiliation, it was a video of the last time he was in bed with Ishim, when he stood at the end of the bed and jerked off until he came. The whole thing was there and he found that he couldn’t turn it off, his eyes absorbed the horrifying images before him until the frame froze at the end of the video. Cas remembers the total humiliation of that evening. The pain of Ishim fucking him, then hitting him. That was the night he left and had gotten in the accident. That was the night that everything changed.
anything. He just can’t sit in the truck and wait - that would be too weird.
Stepping up behind Dean, Cas puts his hand between his shoulder blades.
Castiel has been watching over Dean for Dean’s entire existence and has become quite overprotective of him. Sometimes, Dean sees this as a fault, and it causes arguments.
“But he didn’t.” says Dean again quickly, “Cas, nothing that happened here yesterday was your fault and I will keep telling you that until it sinks in. You can’t blame yourself. Jess is fine, Ishim is gone and with any luck, you’ll never have to see him again.”
Once they have finished unpacking, the family head to the main restaurant for dinner; the seating area is outside and surrounded by fairy lights and burning torches, there are even more beautiful and unusual plants lining the stone walls that mark the perimeter of the outside dining area. Beyond it, the water of the swimming pool shines in the light of the setting sun, gleaming in such an inviting way that it makes them all want to dive right in. The heat is overwhelming, but exactly what they’d wanted.
“Course we’re not giving up, I made you a promise, didn’t I?”
The men seem to be local villagers and Castiel realizes quickly that they do not speak English, but that doesn’t stop him from thanking them, repeatedly, as they help first Claire and then him out of the tree. He winces at the pain of moving and tries to help but his battered body is refusing to work. He feels nauseous and it doesn’t help when he realizes that if these men wanted to take his daughter away from him, he’d be helpless to stop them.
Dean smiles and gives Castiel a tour of the apartment. They communicate using their phones and some sign language. Castiel signs what he can. The whole time, Dean feels he may burst. He can’t believe that the hot guy from the bar is standing in his apartment. Shit, he may become his housemate if all goes well.
Dinner had been pleasant, Castiel had made stir fry which is one of Ishim’s favorites. They talked and even held hands during dinner, Ishim kissing Castiel’s knuckles, which made Castiel’s heart flutter with hope. It reminded him of when they had first started dating.
A passing guard picks up the brochure and the change slips through the pages and falls to the ground, drawing the people nearby to help pick it up. The distraction is enough to give them space to sneak behind the velvet rope and into the tiny broom closet under the stairs.
Castiel leads Claire through the water, feeling the constant threat of the shark, like a horrible prickling on the back of his neck. He kept looking around, eyes darting back to the body that was becoming smaller and smaller the further away they got from it. He looks ahead into the water they are moving through, for any sign of anything lurking below the surface.
Dean releases yet another painful clench of his broken heart that Castiel has noticed him and is staring with that adorably confused frown on his face... and Dean, does what anyone would do in the same situation... He turns on his heel and speed walks out of the museum…
"Well, news flash Dean. It does. I wouldn’t continue to keep doing something that made you this uncomfortable, if you asked me not to… I just wouldn’t! I really don't..." Castiel starts stumbling around his words as his anger and emotions begin to daze him and make his head hurt, "I can't, you just.... ugh."
The TV is playing a commercial and Dean looks over at Cas, when he speaks there is no anger in his tone, instead he seems tired, “We’re not watching bees again today are we?”
Dean grabs Charlies’ hands, shaking his head and mouthing “No!”
They stop at a shelter for the night. Jack falls asleep fairly quickly, lying next to his new friend from the truck ride. Dean stays close by, but once again is unable to rest, he talks to a small group of people. They are each telling stories of their families and people that they have lost and trying to comfort each other. Dean struggles to get through his story of Cas and Claire, talking about them in the past tense feels oddly like a betrayal - as though he has already given up. He hates how it sounds that way when that couldn’t be further from the truth. He would never give up.
He’s already looking forward to spending more time with Cas.
“Mmm, yeah…” Dean breathes out. His lust darkened eyes never leaving Cas’s gaze.
“Sure!” Dean jumps back into the conversation; his brain finally starting to catch up.
Ishim (Saturday 6:07 AM) > Fine I’ll let you have some space if that’s what you’re doing
He kept thinking about the evening ahead, would he and Dean be alright? And why the hell had he chosen Harvelle’s? He knows that Dean loves how the waitresses wear short-shorts and low-cut, tight shirts. God, he’s an idiot, Dean will probably end up ogling that pretty blond waitress again. No, come on Castiel, you have to have more faith in him than that, besides it’s too late to change the location now. This could be a good way to see if Dean is serious about their relationship. That’s one of the biggest complaints Cas has always had about their time together, that Dean treated him like a second thought when they were out in public. When they were alone together, there was no problem whatsoever - Dean was completely focused on Cas. In other words, the sex was to die for. Cas pushed out the sudden and sickening thought that Dean only ‘cared’ about him, for the sex, that just wasn’t who Dean was.
“Oh, God. Now, I have to name her.”
“Cas.” Dean reached across the table and took Cas’s hand in his own. Watching the man's reaction for any signs that it was unwelcomed contact. He relaxed when Castiel’s gaze just softened at him though and began gently rubbing his thumb across Cas’s knuckles. “Cas, I know where to start. I want to apologize. There’s so much I need to apologize for, I have done some stupid shit in my time but… driving away from you that night takes the prize.”
“Dork.”
“MASH is cool.” Dean settles back into the recliner.
“Dean..? Am, am I...?” Castiel’s voice is shaky and small, and his face screws up with pain and fear as he breathes out a haunted sounding, “Are we... dead?”
Castiel does his best to swim against the current and through the dangerous debris towards his daughter. When he spots her his heart fills with hope and love and he doubles his efforts to get to her as quickly as possible. Claire appears to have a few minor scratches on her face and arms, but Castiel is relieved that he can’t see any major injuries on her from where he is.
But, Cas is with someone else. Of course, he is. Why wouldn’t he be? He’s smart and kind and beautiful. A person would be a fool not to see how wonderful Cas is. Dean is a fool.  Dean had Castiel in his life and fucked everything up. He left Castiel before Castiel could leave him.
“Sorry, sorry,” he apologizes quickly.
Cas knew he didn’t want to tell Ishim where he was staying but maybe he should let him know that he’s not dead or anything. He found himself wishing that Sam was home so he could talk to him about it. He decides to wait until that evening to talk to Sam before texting Ishim back, not trusting himself not to get sucked back in by his ex’s bullshit, he was already feeling guilty about Ishim saying he was worried, which pissed him off. Why should he be feeling guilty about Ishim, the man was insane. Besides, Ishim hadn’t texted him in a few days, he could wait a few more hours.
“Speaking of sharing, I need your advice, Sam.” Cas requests timidly. Time to bite the bullet and deal with the whole Ishim thing.
Being the oldest, Babe took care of Cas and his friends. But, Gabe was also a bit of a trickster at heart and loved to play pranks. He also loved any excuse for a party, and that included his brother’s birthday.
Time passes, more injured people are brought in, some bodies are wrapped and taken away. The hospital is dirty, overcrowded, and alive with movement. The sound of weeping mothers, angry and fearful fathers and wailing children fills the air. Doctors and nurses are rushing around, looking wary and stressed. There are volunteers helping out too, men and women from the nearby villages, writing names on lists, and trying to reunite families.
Kneeling next to Dean, Cas rubs his back and looks up at him, “I’m so sorry, I know how much that messes with you, sweetheart. Why don’t you go back to bed, and I’ll get this all cleaned up and bring us some cereal in a few minutes?”
She spots a couple of hospital workers trying to put someone in
“Which I never liked.”
Dean and Casey climb into the cab of the truck, “Cas, you…” he starts.
Dean didn’t care, he had just decided that whatever games they play tonight, he was going to let Cas win, if he meant getting that look from him again.
Cas smiles a big toothy smile and nods, “Sounds great.”
Sam and Cas have cereal and fruit for breakfast, Sam’s not the same caliber cook as Dean and breakfast is not his strong suit but Castiel barely notices what he is eating as his eyes keep finding the clock on the wall, his mind subconsciously counting down the minutes until he would be left alone.
“Cas-ti-el, wow. A beautiful name for a beautiful person. I like it better than Cain.” Dean grins and leans in to kiss Cain - no, Castiel again.
“Ishim?” Castiel asks in surprise, as he sees his boyfriend sitting on the couch, waiting for him.
party. It’s
“How much would you have taken if no one was home tonight?” asks Castiel bitterly, keeping his thumb over the call button on his phone, “You’re lucky my brother…” he pauses suddenly looking even more alarmed as it dawns on him that maybe the thief hadn’t been ‘lucky’ at all, “Did you know my brother wasn’t going to be here?”
Cas lets Dean walk him to his bedroom, he gets into bed, and Dean leans down to kiss him. Dean finishes getting dressed and combs Cas’s hair off his forehead with his fingers.
Dean is making dinner when Sam comes home from Jess’s, Cas is still asleep on the couch.
Dean shows him into the living room. “My name is Dean Winchester,” he types, and he shows the name sign for Dean.
“Claire,” Castiel starts to feel sleepy and he struggles to turn to Claire and murmurs, ”don’t let them separate us.”
Beep Beep Beep
“One a.m.”
Dean watches as Castiel leaves his hotel room, now re-dressed in his own smart suit. He pours himself a scotch and sits down on his bed resting back against the headboard.
Dean wipes his hand down his face and continues.
“PAPA!” she cries, between fearful panicked sobs, “Help me!”
“I was just gonna ask how class went.”
Now he’s really scared. There is a thief in his house, and he is home alone. He clutches the gun tightly in his hands and swallows. Ever so stealthily, he makes his way to the switch on the wall and holding the gun up in front of him with one hand he flicks on the overhead light with the other.
Cas stares at him, head tilted and eyes wide. He nods dumbly. Once again, struck by how handsome the man is and how beautifully green his eyes are, but then the absurdity of his request registers and Castiel can’t help but scoff out a laugh as he turns to face the man fully, “Oh, certainly. Would you like anything else? You don’t need some counterfeit money, or a forged passport or anything do you?” He asks incredulously. “You are absolutely crazy, aren’t you? I suppose the next thing you’ll be asking is to kiss me goodnight.”
Cas grits his teeth, knowing that Dean is pushing for a fight because he suddenly isn’t getting what he wants. ‘
When Dean was a kid, he used to tell everyone that he was going to be a fireman when he grew up. But that was a child’s fantasy, and his life is even better than he could have dreamed.
party. Not one of those kid-pizza-n-play joints.”
Castiel lets out a happy sounding sigh and Dean wipes his face before moving away from the bed to get their children. He takes a breath to calm himself before he brings the kids in. He hopes that Castiel seeing them will give him more motivation to fight.
Just as they are pulling down the street to the house, Cas’s phone pings with a message. Castiel can feel Dean’s eyes glancing over to him as he stares at the name on the text, it’s from Ishim. Cas debates ignoring the text as he is in a good mood and doesn’t want it ruined by Ishim but something makes him decide to read the message. Maybe it was because he felt stronger and more capable of handling whatever Ishim threw at him. Whatever the reason, he decides to read the message.
“Yeah, but Claire’s room is already a mess, just like home.” Dean laughs as Claire gives him a stone-cold stare, which he catches on camera for Sam. “Well, we’re about to head to breakfast then down to the beach. I’ll talk to you later, Sammy. We’ll be sure to call you on Christmas morning too.”
He pulls away a few inches, looking at Dean’s face. Dean’s eyes are closed in bliss and his lip is caged between his teeth as he breathes raggedly through his nose.
Kevin greets Dean with a big smile and signs as he talks. “I think they decided to play house tonight.”
“Do you know what you want to eat or do you need a moment?” The waitress asked as she smiled at them both. She leaned in a little closer to Cas almost pushing her chest out towards his eyeline. Cas stares at her for a brief moment, his cheeks tinge pink at her attention. Dean looks between Cas and the waitress, noticing the obvious flirting on her behalf and watching Cas’s reaction.
Dean sat on the couch next to Cas and threw his arm over his shoulders.
A few men carry out a door from one of the damaged buildings and bring it over to the mat where Castiel is lying. There is some discussion in Thai before the women move and allow the men to lift him onto the door. Castiel lets out an anguished sound as the movement pulls on his injuries and makes his head swim. The men lift him and carefully transport him to a waiting truck where they slide him into the back. Claire climbs into the back with him along with a few more injured people and a few men from the village.
“I know.”
“You what? Seriously? Tell me what happened.” Gabe finally pays attention to Cas.
Today's my birthday so I'm giving you the gift of another chapter. :)
Gabe caught the look and it enforced his drive to help those two to get time together - alone.
“Hello, Dean. Thank you for coming.”
Cas smiles and leans up, kissing Dean on the lips. “I promise to use my words.”
He doesn’t tell Castiel.
“I’m not shy. I literally can’t talk, dork. Besides, very few hearing even try to sign,” Dean signs sadly, then looks around and back at Charlie. “Why are you so worried about me hooking up? Why aren’t you chasing some skirt?”
“Jack, I promise you that I won’t stop looking for your papa and sister. But for now, we are going to stay and see if they come back here to us.”
Castiel wishes he could just take away Dean’s resounding fear of flying, he wishes he knew the perfect words to say to him to displace those deeply rooted concerns, instead he settles for placing his hand on top of Dean’s where it was digging into the armrest. Then he turns to his husband and lowers his voice, hoping his tone will help calm Dean, “I’m right here, we are fine. We’re going to have an amazing family holiday and nothing is going to happen, alright?”
It turns out that the call is an elderly woman who had fallen and needed assistance. The poor thing had sprained her wrist and bumped her head. That was going to leave a bruise. She agreed to transport to the hospital to treat her wounds and make sure there was nothing else wrong with her. She was actually one of the ‘usuals’ that Dean and Benny had to make calls on much too often. Dean wished her family was closer so that they could be there for her.
Claire shakes her head frantically, closing her eyes, more tears bleed down her face as she chokes out a distraught sounding, “No.”
Tonight, their six-month anniversary date, had started off with a delicious meal at their favorite Italian place and they were now finishing off the evening with drinks at the same bar where they met. Dean had grinned like a love sick idiot when Castiel had said that it would be romantic to relive the moment for their anniversary. He’d turned up the charm and was determined to remind Castiel why he’d agreed to that first date with him all those months ago.
He sits up, leaning back on his ankles and wiping his eyes, before letting his hands drop uselessly into his lap. He looks down at his empty hands hopelessly. He looks but does not really see - as his tear-filled eyes blur and sting, tired from searching, still irritated from the sea water and utterly exhausted from the fear that had kept him awake all night and day. The fear that he may not find Castiel or Claire. The fear that he may never see them again. The fear that they were gone…
Castiel enters the kitchen and starts unpacking his dinner. “Um, I picked up some food at Chili’s, are you hungry? I don’t mind sharing with you, you know they always give big portions.”
“Chill, Doc, I’ll be right down.”
Between their minimal hours at the Grocery store and maximum hours hanging out, they don’t talk about college or the Army.
Cas opened and closed his mouth, then finally had an answer, “He said it made the party childish, that ice cream doesn’t go with beer, and that it was bad enough that I wanted a cake.” Cas couldn’t help the sulk he pulled, it’s his birthday and Gabe was taking over when he promised he wouldn’t.
“JACK! Oh my god, Jack!”
“You don’t have to explain yourself, for feeling happy, Dean. I love how you engage with them, you’re a wonderful father. Just like I knew you would be.” Cas leans close and gives Dean a chaste kiss, “You guys go on ahead, I’ll catch up.”
“It’s okay, just take a moment.” the volunteer nods encouragingly as Claire takes a sip of the water, “We’re just trying to keep our records straight, as you can see there is a lot going on, we are going to keep trying to help you find your papa.”
For Castiel, the feelings had begun long long ago; when the man was nothing but a twinkle in the father’s eyes.  Castiel had loved Dean completely since before he was born.
Dean scrubs his face with his hands and lets out a deep sigh. “Forget it. I’m sorry, I said anything.” he sounded bitter, and it was clear to Castiel that his walls had gone up.
Dean shakes his head, feeling that familiar crushing disappointment and frustration, the list was so crowded that he had a hard time getting close enough to read it. He didn’t see Castiel or Claire’s names in the bits that he could see, he didn’t find anyone from the short list in his pocket. It was another dead end.
Dean nods and continues to watch the little dogs, grinning as they pile together on the blanket in the corner of the surround.
“Well, I guess you could let him know you’re okay if you want to, remember though, you don’t owe the guy anything. Maybe, tell him about the accident, and let him know that you have a place to stay right now. Let him know that you’ll contact him if and when you’re ready and for him to let you have this time to heal.”
“The soul is tattered and broken; you must let it heal.” His brother tells him.
Jack smiles sadly up at him, “Love you too, dad. I wish Claire and papa were here too. I want to go home!”
Dean grinned and picked up the little dog, “Hear that girl, you keep doing a good job, and you’ll be top of your class.” Casey licked his cheek and bumped her head against his chin, then squirmed to be put down. Dean watched as his little girl ran off to play with the others. Casey is eight months old, and she is picking up the new training quickly.
Dean’s eyes go wide and he shakes his head, “No! No, Cas. You are not dead,” he says firmly, eager for Castiel to believe him, to wake up properly, “you are right here, with me.”
“Look, I videoed you. Look how sexy you are.”
Dean looks smug as he rolls the painting loosely around the inside edges of a mop bucket and then covers the sides with a couple of dusting clothes so that the back of the painting is facing out and the picture side is hidden against the bucket wall...
“Your papa will be okay, he’ll be so happy to see you both when he wakes up and then, well… Then we can all go home, together.”
Cas turns his head, leaning into the ghost-like memory of the kiss Dean placed on his lips and opens his eyes, he frowns in confusion when Dean is not there beside him. The sun is low on the horizon in the distance and it takes him a moment to remember where he is…
Dean wraps his arms around Cas and kisses down his neck, his breath hot against Cas’s skin. He slides his hands inside Cas’s jeans and gripped his ass, causing the pressure between their hips to increase. The weight of Cas on him feels perfect. He spreads his legs so that Cas fits between them and he pushes down on the waistband of Cas’s pants, wanting - no needing them off.
“I know this is hard and you’re being so brave, but I need you to keep looking, can you do that for me?”
She lays right beside them.
“Ishim, please stop!” Castiel cried, grabbing ahold of Ishim’s foot, causing the man to stumble and fall against the table. The look of fury in Ishims eyes made Castiel cower even further into himself.
.’ He wonders. A pang of anger rises up in him, remembering the intolerance he had lived through when he first moved into the neighborhood. He reads the sign again and turns back to watch the man who put it there.
“I came about the room for rent. Wanted to see if it might work for me.”
Immediately his eyes begin to sting against the dirty, salty water. Making it even more difficult for him to try and work out where he is or locate his family each time he breaks the surface. He feels his body being whipped around. Pain shoots through him as he slams into things whilst being carried further inland. Debris now surrounds him like a wall of landfill junk dragging him along. When he feels something soft pass by his side, he shudders and recoils as he registers that it feels like another person. He somehow manages to break through the surface of the water and gasps in a deep breath before his foot catches on something and he is dragged under again.
Cas speeds up and gives a little twist, catching the tip of them as he pumps and gently squeezes them together.
----------X----------
“Ow, Ishim, that hurts.” Castiel doesn’t try to pull away, he knows better, “Of course, I was at the gym. You can check. You know I go work-out on Tuesday and Thursday. I swear there’s no one, I’d never -”
“Yeah, I just need to get this piece…” Dean starts, but he’s cut off when Cas lens in and captures his lips, wrapping his hand around the back of Dean’s neck, fingers raking through the hairs on the back of Dean’s head. Cas presses Dean against the worktable, taking Dean’s hand in his free hand and placing it on his crotch, moaning and thrusting into Dean’s hand.
“Cas, babe, a little pain is part of the pleasure."
They both ordered burgers, Dean ordered onion rings and Cas ordered steak fries. They thanked the waitress and she turned to leave but not before giving Cas a wink.
“Where. Is. He!?” she demands again, “He wouldn’t leave me. He can’t!”
“Who says I’m ‘pining’ over anyone?” Dean asks, was he?
But, Gabriel, being Gabriel... had already agreed to let the piece be loaned by the gallery and not only that… But now, the ‘Angel’s Heart’ was (much to Castiel’s horror) to be the centerpiece of the showing.
Dean thinks that this, the waiting now, is possibly the hardest part. Castiel was there, right in front of him, speaking to him. He’d held his hand and heard his voice and it had filled him full of hope, like warm air filling a balloon… Only now, that air had been allowed to escape again and he had shriveled back up with fear and doubt as soon as Castiel had been taken from his sight.
She shakes her head, “Just scratches.”
“What the hell, Castiel? You know I can’t stand the thought of anyone else looking at you.”
Dean’s eyes slip closed and he presses his head back into the pillow, letting out a low groan of frustration, “Jesus fucking Christ, Cas you tease.”
“Of course you did, good for you,” Gabe says, not really acknowledging what Cas said.
Sam goes to bed still smiling and Castiel falls asleep on the couch shortly after, dreaming about the fact that he has one more day before getting his cast off. He finally manages to have a night where he gets more sleep than nightmares.
Working a night job did have some advantages, like being able to run errands during the day when stores, banks, the gym and such were much less crowded. Castiel enjoys going to the gym during the morning when it wasn’t full of muscle-heads grunting and showing off. He prefers being there with the old folks and housewives, granted he doesn’t mind the looks he receives either. He happens to be fit and well toned; his work requires total control of his body. Most days find Castiel at the gym after his shift while he was still wide awake and has enough adrenaline pumping through his veins to help push him through a good workout. After the gym, he’ll get a bite to eat and head home to rest.
They meet on the edge of the road and grab each other tightly, their arms wrapping them together in a crushing hug. They are both crying and laughing because they never thought they’d see each other again and the relief that has filled them overflows down their cheeks. Claire kisses Jack on top of his messy head.
Almost immediately the call is picked up and he hears a desperate, “Dean? Is that you?”
friends, little brother. You have
“They seem a bit wild,” Dean says over Cas’s laughter.
As he is careened around in the unforgiving water, he feels the burning pain in his chest from lack of oxygen. He fights his way through the thickening wreckage to the surface for air.
“Papa, you need to stay put, your leg is really bad.”
They are taken upstairs and Castiel is transferred from the door to a bed. He is moved so suddenly that he cries out in shock when the people grip him, unable to hold it back for the sake of not scaring his daughter. Claire stays close and tries to help calm him down.
Everything is cold. Everything hurts.
Dean is exhausted and his ribs hurt but he still maintains his buoyant attitude for Jack’s sake, even though he’s feeling more despondent each time they stop. He doesn’t want to give up on finding Castiel and Claire, but he fears that maybe they missed them somewhere along the line. He can’t help but think that Castiel might have made his way back to the resort, that thought is constantly on his mind, tormenting him. Each time they stop, he has a moment where he considers his next move, stay at the hospital or shelter they are at, find a truck going back to nearer the resort, or keep going… Each time, the choice gets harder.
He contemplates the call he’d had earlier with Michael, recalling that he had in fact,  found a couple of Mike’s shirts when he cleaned out his closet, one of them was blue. He’d put all of Michael’s things into a trash bag and had planned to donate it to Good Will or something, that seemed better than just throwing the clothes away. But he definitely isn’t going to give anything back to Mike.
Dean has always lived on the edge of normal. Even his job as a lineman is outside what his family thought he’d do. His dad wanted him to join the family business and take over the auto repair shop some day. It’s not that Dean doesn’t enjoy working on cars with his Dad, but he needed to make his own path in life. His younger brother is in law school, but everyone knew that he wasn’t cut out to join the family business.
Dean nods shakily and takes a deep breath, before he repeats, “Nothing is going to happen.”
“Call him. Or text him. But do something, and eat your dinner or you’ll be hungry later.”
The next morning brings with it a man from the insurance company who has come to assist them. He is talking to them as they are being loaded into a van and taken to the airport. He explains that they are being taken back to the US and straight to a hospital there, so Cas can be checked over and have time to heal. Castiel is loaded carefully onto the plane still on a hospital bed, he is still very weak but recovering well from surgery.
“Thank you, Dean. I appreciate that.” Cas replies sincerely. Once again he finds himself thinking that Dean seems like a nice guy, nothing like he was that first morning. If he were a jerk, he wouldn’t have offered his phone number, he wouldn’t make Cas lunch on his days off, hell, he wouldn’t have let him stay in the first place. Castiel relaxes back into the cushion his is leaning against and revels in the strange feeling of calm that washes over him. Dean and Sam are good guys, they are helping him out, which he doubts he’ll ever be able to repay and best of all, Ishim isn’t here.
a pot roast to cook. He sighs, trying to pull himself together, and goes to collect his car keys. A drive would probably be good for him anyway.
Dean considers it, makes a mental list of all the things he needs to get done. “Gotta get to those dishes from last night, at some point. And I should probably see if Sam needs any help with his case.”
He tries Dean’s name again, daring to gently, cautiously place a hand on Dean’s back. He’s relieved when Dean doesn’t wake up abruptly and flinch away, recoiling because he thinks it’s a threat – or even just because it’s Castiel touching him.
It doesn’t seem worth getting his rocks off, no matter how spectacularly, if he’s going to end up feeling like this.
Dean’s familiar with the cliché, feeling like a weight’s been lifted off your shoulders. But as universal as that concept is, he’s not exactly used to experiencing it first hand, more accustomed to taking burdens on than letting them go.
After allowing a few self-indulgent moments of scowling, Dean sighs theatrically again. “All right, I’ll give it
Dean lets Castiel tilt his head for further inspection, tracing a path until he finds another mark just under Dean’s jaw. “I can get rid of them,” he offers, guilt swirling in his stomach.
Sam looks out for Dean of course, but not in the way that Dean does for him. It’s hard to match that level of fierce, unwavering selfless devotion. Castiel likes to think he’s up for the task.
And okay, yeah, Dean kinda figured that’s where Cas was going with this, but hearing him say it out loud, seeing the unabashed hunger on his face… maybe Dean’s not as put out over Cas messing with him as he thought. He’s very aware that Cas has a certain weakness for this, loves to drink in the picture Dean makes when he’s red-faced and writhing from pleasure; it was probably only a matter of time before they made a real thing of it. The way Cas’s eyes are roaming Dean’s body has him pinned in place, definitely feeling more charitable towards this idea than he was at first because yeah, Dean really
(See the end of the chapter for
those longing gazes aren’t exactly new. Cas must be used to Dean looking at him that way and absolutely nothing changing between them, Dean holding him at arm’s length when he starts to get too close.
Dean’s in a daze for a while, blinking slowly, completely sunken into the mattress.
Although it
Historically, Castiel has often been oblivious to romantic interest directed at him. Or, at the very least, unmoved by it – he doesn’t mean to be arrogant, but that kind of thing happens enough that he’s learned to tune it out. He’s excruciatingly aware, however, when that kind of attention is directed at Dean.
“Uh,” he fumbles, starts and stops again, trying to focus on the case. “Cameras? You got cameras here?”
He wonders briefly if they’re in for
“Are you?” Castiel says vaguely, feigning disinterest to get a rise out of Dean – as if there’s any disguising the desire he feels.
Cas doesn’t question or argue, simply acquiesces with an indulgent hum, thrusting lazily, teasing Dean’s cock with a feather-light touch, fingertips grazing the oversensitive head. “Do you think anyone’s noticed us?” he asks, calm but curious. After a beat he leans in closer, lowers his voice. “Would you like that?”
derails whatever reply Dean was trying to work up.
– forgetting that he hasn’t come yet.
“I’ll be downstairs,” Cas says, apparently realizing that Dean has no response to that, taking his coffee mug and strolling away.
Either way, the suspense is killing him, lying spread out and struggling to keep still, breath shallow. He could reach down and give himself a little relief because Cas left him hanging, whimpering and aching, still riding that razor’s edge of climax, but Cas told him to
Tonight’s been a particular taxing session. Cas was dead-set on getting him off as many times as possible before the evening was over. Dean was ready to tap out after coming twice, but being with Cas always makes him want to keep going, to see what he’s capable of, to see Cas’s eyes alight with intrigue and satisfaction. He thinks they were both astonished by the outcome, Cas managing to wring
Dean swallows hard. Hearing that out loud is… wow. He blinks, needing a moment to find his voice. “Well,
“Can’t believe I’m gonna sleep with a married man,” Dean says cheekily when they shut the door behind them, looking rather pleased with himself as Castiel pushes him onto the mattress.
Cas looks unimpressed, raising his eyebrow in the way that usually means trouble for Dean – often enough, it’s the
Cas just kisses him instead of replying, and this time Dean pulls away, as much as he hates to do it. “You can’t just do that every time you want to shut me up,” he quips, feigning offense.
, but he doesn’t want to leave in case Cas comes back while he’s gone.
haze that always takes him over when he finally acts on something he could barely even admit he wanted but liked way more than he expected. There’s a part of him that gets thrown off-balance too, his sense of self shifting, and he starts to wonder what something like this says like him, what this all means. But sometimes that’s not a bad thing. It doesn’t scare him like it used to, doesn’t make him roll up to the nearest dive bar and take home the first agreeable chick he finds like he’s got something to prove. Even so, it can be a lot to process, but he knows he wouldn’t be handling it nearly as well as he is if he didn’t have Cas.
Dean takes hold of Cas’s hand and lets himself be pulled away from the counter, out of the kitchen and towards their room.
“Oh.” Dean blinks, not sure what he’s supposed to say to that. “Really?”
“Tried,” Dean says with a shrug, not meeting Castiel’s eye. “Been sleeping kinda rough lately.”
“You’re gonna stay, right?” Dean feels panic rising. His neediness is gonna ruin everything. “You just, you disappear on me, man, I can’t—” He cuts himself off, breathing raggedly.
feel desirable like this, though, preening under Cas’s interested regard. “Feel free to jump in anytime,” he fires back, deflecting. “Don’t let me have all the fun.” He’s hoping to goad Cas into action, but the thought that this is all they’ll do tonight, that Cas will just sit and
Christ, Dean would bend over that goddamn desk
Castiel reaches back into the nearly empty bowl for more, but that’s as far as he gets before Dean’s fingers clasp his wrist to stop him, his other hand warm and heavy on his thigh. He’s been steadily gravitating towards Castiel for a while, now in very near proximity as a few moments of silence pass. “Want you,” he murmurs eventually, appearing to have a hard time looking Castiel in the eye.
His memory of this one’s fuzzier than the last, but it was some kind of Victorian shit involving decidedly
Dean’s already on his way out the door. “What was what about?” he snaps, storming down the hall to lock himself in his room and try to
Castiel hums his agreement, taking Dean’s face between his hands and kissing him with passion, with
It’s crazy to think that the bunker is big enough for a person to lose themselves in entirely, though it is convenient when Dean and Sam have had just about enough of each other’s company for the moment, but no one wants to volunteer to clear out for a while.
But Castiel has the element of surprise on his side; he can take her unawares while she’s
Cas sighs against his cheek, teeth scraping his earlobe. “I want to eat you out,” he says, low and sincere, a spark of mirth coloring his tone.
“Thanks, sheriff. ‘Preciate it.” Dean doesn’t try all that hard to suppress his sarcasm. He’s got no hope of making friends here; Jones doesn’t seem all that crazy about him either, and he looks even more ornery thanks to Dean’s obvious insincere gratitude. He’s a bit more indifferent to Cas, but Dean’s been doing a lot more of the talking. It’s not that Cas can’t handle these types of conversations, but Dean can tell by the look Cas is sporting that he just doesn’t
Logically, he knows Charlie well enough to assume she wouldn’t take him anywhere too crazy – wouldn’t even be interested in that kind of thing herself, probably – but he’s still bracing himself for the possibility of something horrifying as he takes a deep breath and steps inside.
Dean always thought this kind of thing would bore him, that he’d go crazy spending his time on something lowkey and calm without hunting to occupy himself. But maybe that’s only when he’s mostly got himself and his thoughts for company. The company is definitely a lot better now.
Still, Dean can’t fight how good it feels to see Cas when they do run into each other. His heart races when Cas smiles at him or is amused by one of his dumb jokes. When Cas brings Dean dessert from a diner he stopped at on his way back, or tells him about how he’d tracked down a werewolf pack and easily eliminated it, Dean has no control over the pleasure that starts in his stomach and spreads all the way to his toes. When Cas offers a casual, friendly touch, Dean can’t deny that that spark of lust is still there, on top of everything else, but it’s different now: still electric, but more dangerous.
He doesn’t even startle when Cas suddenly materializes next to him in the passenger’s seat, only leans forward easily when Cas grabs him by the tie, reels him in for a lingering kiss, contrite and grateful, full of promise.
for someone who’s showing an interest in Dean, which is tremendously unhelpful, both for his own peace of mind and for smoothly navigating everyday life.
Cas notices he’s gone rigid and looks at him in concern, tracks his line of sight. “Oh,” he huffs, withdrawing his hand, taking a small step away that feels like a freakin’ mile. “I’m sorry.”
“Dean, please,” Castiel says, desperation leaking into his voice. The last thing he wanted was to upset Dean further. “Just let me—”
Dean doesn’t remember drifting off, but when he wakes up again he’s under the blankets and wrapped in Cas’s arms, face tucked against Cas’s collarbone. Cas stirs in his sleep, hand settling on the small of Dean’s back, reminding Dean that Cas is there for him, even when he’s not fully awake, and Dean burrows closer, clinging to that feeling of safety, lulled back into peaceful rest.
Cas is just reaching for Dean’s belt when Dean hears footsteps behind them and glances over Cas’s shoulder in time to see Sam wander into the room.
way more put together than Dean is feeling right now, but he can see it in Cas’s eyes too, that livewire of lust that they’ve had to tamp down far too often recently and fuck, he’d love to know what kind of images are running through
Castiel’s clearly not about to complain about Dean’s predilection for this particular act, but he can admit he finds it fascinating, another of Dean’s little quirks that he wants to investigate to the fullest even if he never arrives at a complete understanding.
“Maybe another time,” Dean says, pulling Cas closer. Castiel’s intrigued by the possibility, but he remains focused on the task at hand. “Need you to do a lot more than look right now.”
“So y’know, we could see if there’s anything on their social media that might help,” he explains with a veneer of confidence that seems thin in Castiel’s eyes. “Twitter, Instagram, uh… Facebook? Do kids still use Facebook?”
“The duck?” Cas asks, following Dean’s line of sight. He looks at the bird for a moment, narrowing his eyes in thought. “That’s the
Dean’s legs are shaking by now, but it feels too good for him to stop, and he rolls his hips frantically, fisting a hand in Cas’s shirt, knees scratchy from pressing into the hay. “
. There are times he craves it almost indecently, his want a gnawing need in the pit of his stomach, but for the life of him, he still doesn’t know how to make himself ask for it, how he’d even phrase it if he found the nerve to say something.
It sends chills down Dean’s spine, those possessive words in Cas’s low rumble, murmuring some half-nonsense about how he fucks Dean like no one else can, all smug and self-assured, totally unbothered.
“You were…” Cas trails off, eyes softening, long fingers grasping Dean’s chin as he leans in for a kiss, whispering against Dean’s lips. “You’re so
And if that’s something Dean’s asking for, Castiel’s eager to give it to him, though he can’t call his motivations entirely selfless. Because if he’s being honest with himself… he likes it too.
because they’re in the middle of a hunt, navigating around research and Sam’s near constant presence. They have options, certainly, in their brief moments alone, but there seems to be tacit understanding that they’ll wait to reunite properly in better circumstances, with real solitude and
But he can only hold back for so long, and he moans in relief when his fingers finally close around his erection properly, feeling it pulse in his hand. He’s spurred on by a noise of appreciation from Cas and quickly starts up a rhythm. He’s not sure he could drag this out any more even if he wanted to.
Cas’s smile is back. “Sometimes,” he allows, which is generous, in Dean’s opinion. “You got there on your own this time.”
Cas might actually be kinda buzzed, come to think of it, but he’d probably hand their asses to them even if he were half in the bag. Dean feels a not-quite-misplaced sense of fondness at how Cas’s marks aren’t quite sure what to make of him at first, even less so once the game’s underway and he smoothly segues into
Christmas celebrations have never been much of a
“Hey, Cas.”
Sometimes the sex is wild, freeing. Cas is capable of pulling out all the stops in bed, with Dean eagerly joining him for the ride. Cas gets a thrill from attending to him with devastating focus, pinning Dean with his gaze, his muscles, egged on by Dean’s needy groans and provocative smirks. Sometimes it’s unbearably tender, or experimental and exhilarating. Or lighthearted. Fun. Desperate, intense, even angry.
. The real challenge is finding a new game where Cas doesn’t go from
day. But if we don’t find any seriously freaky shit by then, we’re outta there.”
must freak Cas out a little, because he immediately stops moving, still unsatisfied, and studies Dean, brow furrowed. “Dean?” he asks, cupping his face and gently thumbing the tears away – making
Cas just chuckles and lets the moment pass. “If you’re thinking of showering, give me a few minutes first,” he murmurs, pulling Dean closer and slotting in more tightly behind him. “I’m not ready to let you go just yet.”
“What, like, you were dream walking?” Dean interrupts, breezing past wherever Cas was going with that last part. Then what Cas is saying starts to really sink in, and Dean turns around to look at him, eyes widening. “Holy shit, was that actually
“So?”
“Yeah,” Dean says instantly, trying and failing not to sound too gung-ho. “Not—not all the time, but…” He swallows, huddles closer to Cas. “I want to.”
But maybe Dean’s just being paranoid about how forward she seems. Maybe Cas didn’t even notice.
when the last thing he wants is for Cas to stop, trusting Cas to take him further even when Dean thinks he’s at his limit.
Cas shrugs again, suddenly playing nonchalant after his brief bout of peacocking. “Well, it’s like you said. I could be making it up,” he says with a raised eyebrow.
?” he says with a snort. “Sometimes I catch you staring when we’re working a case and you look like you’re gonna have your way with me right there in the sheriff’s station.” Honestly, it’s enough to get them arrested for public indecency.
She’d tried to talk him into going before she left, and he’d done his damnedest to feign disinterest, but well, it could be fun. He could even convince Cas to join them, get him into the spirit of things and find something to dress him up in. That’s got potential.
Dean immediately snaps to alertness, brought out of his daze.
“Dean,” Cas says when he picks up the phone, tone unreadable, and it’s pathetic how Dean’s heart lurches at the sound of his voice.
Dean swallows, suppressing a shiver. He would’ve expected to feel put out by having to hold himself back like that, but with Cas
Again Castiel wills his hands clean, though these kinds of stains, that tangible proof of his effect on Dean, bring him no shame whatsoever. He ignores his own arousal for the time being, even though the sight of Dean’s flushed, satisfied face is testing his willpower, and Dean is transparently eager to return the favor. Castiel allows himself to feel a bit smug about that, that Dean is still so desperate for him even after he’s been so thoroughly seen to. But he’d like a bed or some other flat surface and a closed door for what he has planned. And he’d prefer no threat of anyone interrupting, because he’s not finished with this – Dean pinned beneath him, all Castiel’s to touch and admire.
As it happened before, Alastair growled and snarled, but the demon’s life didn’t fade with a glow and a flicker. Rather, he threw aside one of the angel blades and gripped at his neck with the free hand when Dean ripped Ruby’s blade out. The demon surged to his feet, turning on him, his teeth bared and his eyes wide like they were going to explode from their sockets.
“Does it hurt?” Dean asked, his voice teasing.
Around them, the crowd started to sing back, spelling “time to dance” right back at the band as they sang. In time, around them, others started to bounce around, the crowd suddenly becoming one entity. Dean and Cas laughed as Ash and Charlie bounced out of time, their heads bouncing above the crowd as everyone around them landed on their feet.
Feeling as if he’d asked something too personal, Castiel rasped, “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to pry. I’m sure you’re learning this about me, but I don't often know the right thing to say. Workplace hazard of...well, my workplace.”
“Yes,” Chuck insisted, his face turning red and patchy. He gestured frantically with his hand as he spoke. “Yes, Sam. And you? You’re Heaven’s strongest weapon; you’re the Micheal sword.”
“Missed opportunity,” Dean muttered at his brother, though Sam just scowled at him.
“Dean Winchester.”
he told himself mockingly.
“Stevie,” he repeated with a small laugh to his voice. “That’s where you got your name?”
get outta here after enough samples. Gosh, I can’t believe it. We’re getting outta here.”
Lee, like Hannah, stared between Dean and Castiel with the air of someone who’d just won the lottery and with a glimmer in his eye like he had glitter and rainbows for irises. “No way, dude. Well, damn, Castiel—” Lee stuck out his hand. “—good to meet you, brother.”
“I AM NOT WRONG!” she shrieked, her eyes bulging, her teeth bared, her feet leaving bloody footprints behind her as her jerky steps quickened towards him. “You know, when I died? Azazel came to taunt my soul before it ascended, Dean. He laughed, and he mocked. He told me, ‘the first to go to Hell and shed blood will be His vessel, which of your spawn will become the tainted one’?” Mary stopped in front of Dean, her eyes ablaze shining with tears. “I died on that ceiling, and the last thing I heard was Azazel laughing at me. That’s my last living memory, Dean. It
Dean shrugged as he looked around the cabin, swiping like a cat at the pine tree-shaped air freshener hanging from the rearview mirror. “Yeah, well…after our fight on the weekend, we made up and stuff. He offered to stay a bit longer, ‘bout a week and a half, to see dad a few times. He’s trying, so—” Dean popped open Castiel’s glove compartment with interest. “—I let him borrow Baby for a bit.”
She turned on her heel to face him as she stopped in his living room, ignoring Jack as he bounced around her knees, snapping at the hem of her skirt. “But I think you’re making a huge fool of yourself, and I don’t care if you don’t want to hear it. I’m your best friend, so I’ll take the cold shoulder if I have to, but I won’t watch you be led on any longer.”
Meg’s nonsensical blathering didn’t affect either him or Daphne, they just continued to stare at each other. The initial shock of seeing her again, after thinking he’d never see her for the rest of his life, began to fade and quickly replaced itself with deep, unwavering pain.
Hours later, Dean adjusted his butt on the ledge, feeling his backache from sitting there, but also torn about moving. His view was lovely, the breeze was welcome, and the sill was such a good spot to sit it felt like a waste to be indoors.
Castiel rolled onto his side too, staring at Dean in horror. He didn’t need the mental image of Naomi going down on anyone, let alone Dean.
Crossing his arms over his chest and scowling, Dean rolled his eyes impatiently. “No, I did not call you. Why the hell would you think that?”
“We can’t just barge in!” Charlie snapped back, red hair looking wild as she spun on Sam.
Unable to stop himself, Castiel blurted out, “I’ve never seen your place, or met your friends, other than at the music festival, of course. I’ve never even heard of Lee—”
“Just unwell. Nothing to be concerned about,” Castiel replied stiffly, looking away because the way Dean was surveying his facial features carefully made Castiel’s palms sweat a bit. When they didn’t restart their walk, and Dean’s hand didn’t leave Castiel’s arm, he forced himself to meet the green gaze again.
Ten minutes later—because Dick Roman, a slimy regular, had stopped her to chat her ear off—Charlie ran through the narrow, hot back hallways of backstage, dodging angels that bustled around changing costumes or huddled in groups, gossiping about patrons.
A horrible niggling feeling sent tingles up Dean’s neck and he sighed, rubbing at his mouth.
“Yeah, I know. We were there. What happened with Cupid,” Dean repeated, “
“BOBBY!” Dean bellowed, waving as he sprinted. “SAM! HELP!”
It was only once the sound of her footsteps had faded all the way down the corridor that Castiel stepped forward, his face burning with anger and shame at the way he'd stepped back from Sophia, at the way he'd
“If you weren’t soon to be a hanging, cold piece of lifeless flesh,” Zachariah snorted, “perhaps I might’ve let you.” He turned on his heel, chucking to himself. “Uriel, gather the demon blood, we’ll be back for Castiel’s once she is entirely drained. Dean Winchester arrives soon.”
“She had three orgasms,” Sam pointed out in awe, “her first time. That
After a kiss to her lips that he hoped infused her with strength just as much as it calmed his nerves, he said, “All right, sunshine. Be careful.”
Dean waved at the page, reading, “
“So there’s a bathroom above you, so what? There’s a band of actors or singers above me, and they’ve been singing off key and stomping around for the last hour.” Dean sighed, tucking books under his arm from within the box. He straightened up and shrugged. “It’s the perils of living in a big city with no money, Sam. We get to live with the rest of the starving artists. The rats and roaches and toilet water are just a plus.”
John huffed a small laugh under his breath, wiping his hands on a cloth tucked into his jean pocket. His eyes watched Dean carefully. “I guess technically the clouds are under our feet, so you musta been somewhere else completely—”
as his nephil, but…
“They tortured anyone who sympathized with me. They’ve captured, and tortured, and raped humans in an attempt to repopulate Heaven, Dean,” Castiel growled. “They realized they couldn’t make more angels, so they tried to make nephilim. They’re stupid and desperate. They knew no omega or beta human could take an alpha angel’s seed, they
Everyone shifted uncomfortably, and Dean busied himself with opening his water bottle. Then, pausing as it touched his lips, Dean asked, “Why’d you guys bury me anyway? I’d’ve thought you two woulda salted and burned my haunted ass as soon as the hounds were done with me?”
“You’ve located the witch?” Castiel asked in surprise—well, with as much surprise as her monotone voice and emotionless face could afford her. “Have you killed her?”
“They didn’t know how long we’d be under quarantine,” Dean explained, worry gnawing at his stomach as time was passing too quickly. “So the government cut off all imports. All food would have to be grown and raised here.”
With a bored expression on her face, Hannah strolled over to Dean, her hand flopped lazily over her gun which hung from her shoulder.
Dean pushed open the car. “Check, check, check, check and check.
“I gave you everything—I gave you
Dean picked the opportune time to show up, striding through the seats of small humans, tucking something in his back pocket. When he walked up to the group, he smiled charmingly at Regina.
Castiel's hand stilled and Dean looked up, his red eyes steady on his face. "I don’t know what to call it now, it’s just...who I am. Tried all the pills. Tried them all, feels like. Could never stick to one; they always just made me feel so bad. I’ve been on a new one lately, but I’m shit at takin’ ‘em.”
What was even more interesting was how full-frontal Cas was in these fanfictions. He, uh, was super, super full frontal. Like, he was gonna have a hard time looking Cas in the face after he’d accidentally read about him blowing Dean in the Impala. But he had to read the stuff to properly know what to come back and screenshot later, so he clicked on to another fic called
But now, standing in front of
The two stared at each other, Dean’s face hurting from smiling, and Castiel’s probably hurting from trying not to smile.
Balthazar she could handle, but Naomi… Castiel felt frozen in place, and the silk scarf in her hand fell to the floor. Complete and utter panic had the blood in her veins freezing as Naomi stepped into the room, her face trained into a blank expression, though her eyes were pure fury.
Castiel rubbed his hands down Dean’s arms and whispered near his ear, “You said ‘hello’, and then you give him a hug—”
“Plots?” Castiel asked, a cool brow raised.
mentioned him by name once and immediately Castiel regretted finding out. He wished he hadn’t seen the messages, he wished Naomi had never brought him this heartache.
“She had to go change her baby’s diaper, so I sort of snooped while she was gone,” Sam admitted, his cheeks turning a bit pink. “I found out she gets paid in cash, so I dunno if she’s totally documented, Dean. And she only pays like a hundred and fifty bucks for rent. I think that building she’s in is subsidized housing. She has a drawer filled with envelopes, each with different monthly payments in there. Rent, babysitter, phone. I found a letter outlining the conditions of her stay in the transitional home. I think she’s getting a lot of help.”
“What?”
It was a trauma response. Of course Cas would have a hard time connecting. Of course he would, but Dean knew Cas. He knew that despite that logic, his mate probably carried the guilt as heavy as the weight of the world for not loving his daughter the way he thought he should. All Cas ever wanted to do was do the right thing, be a good person.
Dean interrupted her, leaning in. Their fingers brushed in the space between them. “Don’t think I don’t know that you planted that boy there with the diamond necklace tonight, Castiel. You are cunning.”
“Any idea what
“Have fun,” Kevin said, pushing open a heavy wooden door that had “Castiel” engraved into it in gold lettering. He held open the door for Dean, gesturing in with his hand. “And good luck, Dean. We’re counting on you.”
,” Cas growled at Dean, pushing at his chest.
“You missed your calling as a therapist.”
“Well,” he murmured, winking at her, “add that to the list of things you’ve lied to Balthazar about.”
It was then that Dean noticed, painted on storefront windows and spray-painted onto the side of buildings, were anti-possession symbols and…
He trailed off, feeling the butterflies disappear and leave the rocks behind again, heavy at the base of his stomach. He almost felt breathless, but Dean set down the takeout box and turned on the carpet to give Castiel his entire attention. “Hey, you can talk, too," Dean said. "I kinda stole the show today.”
Dean got to his feet, inhaling the smell of fire, looking around as the graceless angels regrouped. He saw a few run to a well and begin to gather water, and others stand to watch their home burn to the ground. Rachel was leaning over the bodies, checking them for signs of life, though she knew they were dead; the ashes from their wings smudged the denim of her jeans at the knees. Angels Dean had seen helping her in the infirmary were helping tend to the wounded.
Benny broke his gaze with the clinic and his brows raised in surprise. “Smoke? You haven’t smoked in four years.”
“They want Cas,” Sam choked out, and Dean saw them exchange a look of dread.
Sam licked at his lips and pushed hair from his face. “She found me, Dean, and she told me she had a way to get you out of Hell.”
Her hands stayed out to the side, and Cas didn’t hug him back, but she didn’t fight it either. Her blue eyes shone a bit, and she blinked hard.
The blanket was pulled off of him, and Dean’s screams died down into pained keening.
Sam’s eyes flickered up at him disapprovingly. “It’s one of those wooden bridges. Don’t ask me how to fix them, Dean, I’m not an architect. But if it was demons, then for all we know the bridge isn’t even that broken, they probably magick’d that bus into the river.”
“Yes,” he said. “I hate her. I really, really hate her.”
With a sadness in her eyes, Anna nodded. “Yes. They spoke much about it after Castiel saved you. She reported back after you were raised, and she told them the condition in which she found you.”
“Go, Ruby!” Sam barked. “Plan B.”
Anna shook her head, still approaching slowly, her face still contorted in disbelief. “Sister, please. Stop. You
“Complete bullshit. It’s all bullshit. Dean is using you for the boyfriend experience, and that’s
“A cht-what?” Dean asked eloquently, blinking and leaning forward, thoroughly confused. “I’ve never heard of that. My dad never wrote anything about that in his journal.”
Dean | 12:56 (October 21st, 2019): right, my bad
“Sorry,” Hannah said, looking like she got caught with her hand in the cookie jar. She glanced over at Sam. “Must’ve slipped my mind! I mean, I didn’t come here at night. Sam and I dropped by for a bite a few weeks ago. There wasn’t any music or dancing, we just—”
“I believe you were expecting me?” she asked quietly, so only he could hear.
“And sought you out?” Dean asked snappily. He raised the cold glass mouth of the bottle to his curled lips. “Bitch coulda gone anywhere else.”
“Take off your pants.”
Dean dipped his hands into the top of a beautiful, tall stone basin, rinsing the blood off his hands with holy water. “
“I’m happy,” Dean lied, deflating. He crossed his arms over his chest again, bowing his head to stare down at the lush green grass. “I got everything I wanted.” He lifted his chin and forced a smile on his face. “Stay in the house, Cas. You mighta made it for me, but it’s made for you. The wand chooses the wizard and all that jazz.”
“Yeah, so I can keep visiting.”
“So you’ve come up with a story then?” Sam asked, tucking a piece of long brown hair behind his ear as he peered down at a blasphemous exchange of bodily fluids happening just in the alley between their apartments.
“Can’t imagine why you’d wanna fall,” Dean muttered sarcastically, before he took a swig of whiskey. He hissed and cleared his throat as it burned all the way down. “Sounds like the people in corporate are a bunch of dicks.”
Dean exhaled loudly and they sat in silence for a minute before Dean spoke. “‘Cause, you know, if you are…that’s the best news I’ve heard in a long time.”
His chest aching, Sam shrugged and changed the subject, not wishing to get into it with them. They wouldn’t understand the friendship he’d had with Ruby. “Did you die?” Sam asked, following closely as they turned back to the door. “Can angels resurrect people?”
Castiel eyed Jack, who was growling around Dean’s shirt and shaking it around like it had morally offended him. “With all our clothes, he’ll be distracted forever.”
out of the ones who fucked up. If you say the wrong thing, or think the wrong thing or… It’s brutal, Dean. She let me stay awake during Hell; that was part of our agreement. I got to see her adventure… I saw everything and let me tell you, Dean, she felt better in Hell with you than she’s been feeling in Heaven with her family lately.”
His shoulders jerked forward, and Dean gasped before retching over the toilet, his fingers slipping on the lid of the tank, nails sliding over the porcelain.
“Touch me and I’ll kill you myself,” Castiel hissed, trying to kick and yank his hands away. One of his wrists slipped from an angels’ grasp and they all cried out when he landed a backhanded hit to the nameless angels’ face to his right.
So he went back to watching Friends on TV. Ross was bellowing something about a sandwich, but Castiel couldn’t remember for the life of him why.
“Yes,” Castiel admitted with a huff. “Very much. Awesome.”
“Good girl. When do you reckon?”
“My apologies, Dean,” Castiel murmured, stopping in front of the table and rubbing his hands at his sides, trying not to make awkward eye contact with one of Dean’s peeved-looking employees. Maybe this was ‘Kev’. “Um, hello.”
Sam tucked the bottle between his legs, his face wrinkling in pain, but he reached over to open a package of cotton rounds. His voice tight and raspy, Sam went on. “We knew we were destined for this or that; I was one of Azazel’s psychic kids, and then you had to kill me if it came to it, and then there was the shit with Michael and Lucifer. There were always prophecies about us, something foretold that we had no control over. But Cas? He… God was his entire life. I can’t imagine what’s going on in his head. A-And Jack—”
“That
Castiel’s eyes turned up to the ceiling and she looked like she was considering something, then she shrugged. “There is a certain amount of leeway in prophecy, I suppose. One choice can alter the course of events, but the end result is always the same.” She paused, turning her bright blue eyes down, and returned his stare. “You didn’t choose to lead Azazel’s army. Your brother made that deal and changed the course of your destinies.”
“She has been terminated,” Castiel replied. “That siren won’t be a problem for you anymore.”
“She did,” Castiel whispered. “I kind of hate her for it.”
“Don’t be absurd, Uriel,” Zachariah laughed, sliding his hands into his pockets. “Don’t be forgetful. Of course, he doesn’t
There was a party at the club to celebrate the birth of
There was a silence and Dean’s stomach turned a bit at Balthazar’s words, feeling badly for this girl who was forced to entertain that lump of a duke. But Castiel’s next words had Dean choking back laughter;
She ignored him, licking the candy again. “My vessel does seem to enjoy it, though. She’s telling me she used to eat these—”
Anna’s bitter laugh echoed around the room. “You idiots. Do you think your treason would go unnoticed by Heaven?”
They moaned and growled against each other. Dean’s lower back curled as he rubbed the front of his shorts against the front of Castiel’s jeans, and in response, Castiel’s back arched up, wanting any space between them closed. He no longer needed the guidance of Dean’s hands; his legs curled up and around Dean’s waist naturally. Their soapy, slick stomachs slid against each other.
Still, he felt rough when he returned to the cell with Dean. He felt simultaneously relieved that he didn’t feel as terrible as usual from the deposits, but strangely more ashamed than usual. Truth was, he had kind of enjoyed the beginning. Anxiety curled in his stomach, feeling like he’d betrayed something within himself. Something felt twisted and wrong about enjoying it, and he suddenly wished dearly that Meg wasn’t going to touch him again in the evening session.
“Wow, that’s so disgusting,” he said flatly, then he laughed. “Make sure to drunk call me tonight at an obscene hour to cry about how much you hate your life and regret the acid.”
Dean smiled, even though Cas couldn’t see it. Regardless, he leaned to the side and pressed his lips to Cas’ shoulder, swiping his nose over the smooth skin there.
Silence clung to every corner and surface of the kitchen. The bunker was courteous enough to hum the quietest it ever has around them.
“I have an idea,” Dean explained, “about where to put you—” (Castiel’s eyebrows shot up) “—and, um, well, I mean in terms of your role.”
“Yeah, I freakin’ thought so,” Dean grumbled, shimmying in between two corners of the tables that had locked him into the stand. “Hang tight, AP Nerd. See you in like an hour.”
“Ellen?” Dean and Cas asked together.
The warding of Heaven’s gate taunted them as it shimmered lightly against the doors of an old steel factory. The faintly silver magic twinkled against the ugly orange rust lining the crevices between the doors and gathered around its hinges. It made sense, for the ugliest of God’s angels to choose the ugliest of locations for Heaven’s gate.
Exchanging looks, but nodding, Sam pointed at the door. “We’ll be next door.”
Slowly, floppy blonde fringe tapped against the angel’s forehead as he nodded. “Yes.”
Castiel tilted her chin down, staring at the ground.
He understood that she was quoting him, reaching back in time to months ago when he’d argued with her about love on the balcony of Heaven. Dean yanked her against his chest, shaking his head at her, their lips inches apart. “You little imp! How dare you mock me?”
Hesitancy flashed across Hannah’s face, then she replied tightly, “These two were holding hands.”
Dean leaned forward and nudged her chin with his knuckle. “And I promise to deliver on not only three orgasms, but three orgasms and a massage.”
before she tugged him to his feet and pulled him away from his friends, towards the door. Charlie was staring at him wide-eyed over the back of the booth, while Sam and Ash threw him thumbs up in encouragement.
“Every time I fix you, I think you’ll learn, but my God, Castiel. You’ve gone and made another mistake that’ll cost Heaven.” Naomi gestured to Castiel, sweeping her hand through the air, and turning her nose up at her. “First you sleep with your best friend’s husband and allow yourself to get pregnant. I arrange a lie—a ‘state tour’— to get you out of the city for six months to give birth—” Naomi ticked off on her fingers, her eyes alight with anger. “—I arrange a false story about a door-step orphan upon your return so that you can be close to your child.” Naomi stepped towards her, her finger shaking. “And now you’ve managed to ruin another one of my arrangements!”
Cas pulled away and dragged her thumb over Sam’s lip. Lovingly, she said, “I love you, Sam. Because you are God’s favourite. You’re our chosen one. You’ll lead us to victory, won’t you?” her head turned slowly, and she eyed Dean. “He’s the one who stands in your way, Dean.”
Dean was praying.
“My dear girl, unless the scripted was wedged firmly between your breasts, I doubt this very much,” the Duke groused, leaning away from her touch. “I think you and your writer are full of sh—”
He waited in silence.
Cas lowered his eyes and Hannah’s hands squeaked around the wheel. Dean felt a solemness settling in the cabin and he replied slowly, “He wasn’t a good dude. Kinda evil, actually. He activated a curse that expelled all the angels from Heaven. They all fell.”
Sam re-opened his email Becky had sent him and typed out a quick reply;
Tell me your thoughts in the comments! And please don't forget to subscribe to the story if you want to get notifications about updates.
“We need to get you back to your world,” Castiel said again, running the back of his wrist under his eyes. “Your family belongs somewhere else, somewhere better.”
Dean pointed at Hannah. “Right!? Daniel is left heartbroken, thinking Celeste doesn’t love him anymore. He doesn’t understand, he is shattered. But what he doesn’t know is that Celeste was threatened in Heaven, told that she was falling too close to the humans in her charge. She was told to lie, to convince Daniel that she didn’t love him.”
Castiel smiled at Sam, the little motion seeming strange on her otherwise emotionless face. “Yes.”
“Yes, sure,” Dean replied, stepping closer to her. They were nearly the same height, so when she exhaled, her breath danced across his lips. “But you know, if it was as simple as that, I wouldn’t bother you. I’d keep it to myself. But I have it on good authority that you have a thing for men who have ‘strong shoulders, bow legs, and charming smiles’.”
Miracle seemed to hear them talking about him, and barked from the corner of the yard where he was digging a hole.
This wasn’t going right at all. Dean stepped forward, following Cas, his hand snapping out to grasp Cas’ shoulder. “Castiel, you listen to me.”
The welcoming view into the house was obscured as Sam’s tall, broad silhouette stepped into the entrance hallway from the kitchen. He was holding a shotgun, and the slow, calculated way he was walking out towards the porch made the skin on Dean’s arms tighten into goosebumps.
“Yeah, right,” her nervous looking friend snorted. “One of her many roles.”
“Oh...okay.”
Very soon after, the blood began to get desperate. If Dean had ever allowed himself to believe the demon blood needed to be part of him, that it was something instinctual
Sam sighed, and the sound made Dean look up, noticing the exhausted look under his brother’s eyes. “She says she had the kid at some hospital around here… Dean, Cas has a
Eileen, though, spoke out loud, signing back. "I love you, too. Idiot."
As they stomped up the stairs, Sam paused to look back, shaking his head. He stared at Dean with his mouth gaping. Then, “Don’t you want it to mean something?”
“Broken families,” Barbara hissed, crouching down before Cas and running a hand down her face, dried blood flaking off onto her gooey fingers. “Parents that hit them, neglected them, who didn’t want them, or failed to care for them. Parents, like you, who had no business having children.”
started to shaking off everything, and stones and gravel on the floor started rising like we’d suddenly lost all gravity.”
He hadn’t ever touched Cas for this long, or this intimately. He didn’t even really know what Cas looked like under his clothes—the times with the bees was a bit too traumatizing to recall any details.
“Hannah’s idea?” Charlie echoed, before the shook her head and snorted, leaning over the table. “Is that what Hannah told you? ‘Cause Castiel pulled us aside and arranged everything. She made it seem like it was an afterthought. She said, ‘I need a decoy, let’s use the writer’, but let’s be honest, Dean,” and that’s when Charlie’s eyes narrowed, “we both know damn well you’re not just ‘the writer’, are you?”
“Cas raised me for a reason,” Dean murmured, eyes on the ground. Despite the conviction to his words, his stomach was sinking and dread was filling every crevice of his body like poison.
Ignoring his question, Eva cackled and yelled again, “I MADE this!”
“They took him,” Dean said, turning on his heel to look at his brother, “They—”
“Kinda sounds like that’s what you said.”
Castiel kept his eyes on the framed pictures to the left of the t-shirts. Quickly, he noticed pictures of celebrities posing with the same couple, a beautiful blonde and a tall, boyish-faced man with dimples and curly dark brown hair. For a moment, Castiel stared at them, wondering why they looked familiar—maybe they were celebrities—but then he glanced back at Dean and realised…
He missed the trenchcoat.
After putting his phone back into his pocket, any attempts to calmly breathe through the discomfort of overheating all went out the window when a small group of people walked past them, a flash of fiery red hair getting his attention. With his arm around a shorter girl who was wearing flashing cat ears and a hot orange Star-Wars t-shirt, Dean—
They ate on the back porch, sitting on the steps and holding their plates in their hands. The Heaven lasagna was fuckin’...well, heavenly.
Their noses bumped in a teasing nuzzle. “Then we’ll work towards that, but later. For now, I’m more than happy to have you inside me, Dean. I...want you. I’ve wanted you since we met.”
Ready for this, he nodded and leaned forward, capturing her lips. He could feel her pulse under his mouth and was tempted to sink his teeth into her skin, just to draw some blood, just to have a quick taste.
All Castiel could do was shake his head, and whimper thickly, “I feel sick.”
Many robust thank you to son_of_a_bitch_spn_family for betaing this chapter again. She's the wind beneath my wings, the air in my lungs, the rangler of my em-dashes. You WISH your beta was as amazing as mine. ;)
Bobby, Sam, and Pam all paused to exchanged looks, then Pam said kindly, though she winced, “I’m sorry, baby. It wasn’t us that raised you. We tried, but...whoever wanted you down there in the first place wasn’t letting you go.”
“Yeah, probably don’t take their Lord’s name in vain either—”
There, in the dark, warm, cushiony lips pressed against Castiel’s.
The trunk slammed shut, and Sam laughed with a huff, audibly stopping somewhere beside Cas, his footsteps halting their crunching over the gravel. But Dean didn’t have time to think about PDA in front of Sam. When Cas pulled away from the chaste kiss, Dean felt dizziness that had nothing to do with his concussion or being self-conscious in front of Sam.
Dean slipped his arm around Cas' shoulders, reaching between them blindly, his heart jumping when his hand touched his daughter’s and she gripped him back, her small fingers curling around his thumb.
With a grunt, Dean reeled back and snapped his arm forward, cracking the length of a scourge across Alastair's middle, ripping flesh open and spraying them both with blood. As more of Alastair's blood pooled over the sides of the altar and the demons intestines glistened from the exposed slice across his abdomen, it occurred to Dean that Alastair kind of liked it.
Interactions ranged from charming conversations to vulgar displays of sexual acts, though most were shepherded by Jo into side rooms. A woman named Jody whom Ash pointed out, patrolled the floor and chatted excitedly to regulars. Dean watched her sweep in on situations that got out of hand, though Dean noticed those instances were far and few between. Overall, the patrons treated the angels with respect, and with an aura of awe and worship.
He heard creaking from behind him and just knew the boys were exchanging looks. Then Dean and Sam confirmed his suspicion by asking in sync, “Us?”
Above him, he heard Cas’s breath pick up, and felt her chest rise and fall at his side. Her hand came up quickly and grasped onto his sleeve. He wanted to look up, to check up on her, but Dean’s fingernails dug into her skin and he pulled in more blood, the effects intoxicating.
“You want me to get it?” Pam asked, picking up Bobby’s phone from the seat in between them.
Kevin smirked. “Y’know, for clarity.”
Castiel | 2:46 (September 26th, 2019): Rock stage. Nine inch nails is on
The smell of grace without corruption.
“No!” she cried, and to Dean’s surprise, he heard the bolt lock quickly slid open and the regular lock click out of place. He tried not to look too astounded that his plan worked when she wrenched open the door.
“I’m a very tempting guy.”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice reached out to him through the fog.
Dean sat completely still, even though she was out of his sight now and he out of hers, petrified. Between wondering why she wasn’t working, realizing it’s Sunday, and then wondering why she was going for a walk at nearly six in the morning on a Sunday, Dean was working up the courage to approach her. Being so riled up after his confrontation with Sam potentially wasn’t a great time to be talking to Cas, but he felt tremendously drawn to her, his heart pushing against his chest as if urging him to follow it, pulling him towards her. He wanted to see her, to talk to her, to apologize with everything he had done and said from last night and from a year ago...and a deep, soft part of him wanted to see the baby. Cas’ baby. His Castiel had made a human and he wanted to see what it looked like.
“Oh, shut up, Kevin!” the man said, disappearing. From somewhere above them, he barked, “Bring the tall handsome one up here so we can finish this goddamn scene!”
feel the same pathetic, obsessive puppy love that you do? I’m trying to
The burning shame only intensified when Abba unceremoniously tugged down his pants and began stroking his cock with gloved, slicked hands. She did it very clinically. Up, down, up, down. Occasionally she would jerk her hand a bit around his head, but otherwise, it was the coldest handjob he’d ever gotten in his life. Nevertheless, it physically felt good and Castiel felt himself nearly moan quite a few times. The situation was as far from sexy as possible though, with four other guys in the room getting jerked off, the slick, wet sounds echoed against the white tiled walls.
Uriel slid his hand into the pocket of his slacks and tugged out his phone, wriggling it around in the air. “Friends, Castiel. For all your lamenting about being lonely, you sure got a network of people worried about you. Naomi can’t talk about literally anyone else,” Uriel said, though his tongue suggested he was somewhat annoyed. “Hannah’s worried that you’ve shut yourself out, she doesn’t understand because you never filled her in about Dean-o. She
“She’s awesome,” Sam replied as he adjusted Dean’s pillows behind his head. “At first, I kinda thought it might be funny, but these fanfiction writers are kinda cool. They really put effort into their stuff, y’know? Like the dialogue
Castiel’s gaze flickered back to the Duke’s face and her hand moved a bit quicker. “It would mean the world to me if you could support our production. Your financial aid would really bring the story to life. And of course, it would mean you and I could spend more time together.”
There was a blastwave, intense heat, and a long, long series of moments when Dean thought they were all going to explode in weird angel-fire, and then it stopped.
“No!” Dean cried out, watching Naomi’s blade slide from her sleeve, and feeling hopeless as Castiel clawed at her hands, his face red as his windpipe was crushed.
Cas had looked like this before in Dean’s most private dreams, ruined and broken as he’d fucked Dean. So many times Dean had looked at that face, the same bottom lip red and worried by shining white teeth as they’d had sex in every position his depraved mind could come up with while he slept.
“‘Freaking out’?” she asked slowly, tilting her chin, staring at him in disbelief. “Cut the shit, Winchester. Go to sleep.”
While he panicked, Lilith tilted her head and said softly, “You’re becoming more like Him every day...” Then she shook her head, seemingly jogging herself out of her thoughts. “Okay, no blood. But what of our other deal? We stay away from each other, and I stop trying to break seals. No apocalypse.”
“Well, I want you to be involved.”
In seconds, his vision was obscured again as Bobby’s warm, softer form came in aggressively, yanking on Dean’s shoulders, and pulling him close.
There was an immediate burst of noise as everyone began chattering. Dean felt Sam’s hand on his arm and he heard Balthazar angrily yell about the ending change, but he couldn’t focus on anything but Cas.
He opened his hand for Dean to drop...something into his palm, but instead Dean’s fist uncurled and he intertwined their fingers, dropping their joined hands between their hips.
‘Guy’...no.
“Oh,” Naomi said dryly. Over the phone, he heard the rapid click-click-clack-ing of her fingers flying across her noisy keyboard. “You mean to say you’re going to let her sleep in that dusty, neglected, disgusting little room you have filled with boxes of books and hobbies you’ve abandoned?”
In a move that surprised Castiel, Naomi waved her hand and the gag fell away from her lips. Despite not needing it, Castiel tilted her head back quickly and gasped for air, gulping it down furiously, her chest heaving.
“My orders?” Sam appealed, blinking, staring at Uriel’s face pointedly as if he’d find an answer to his question there. “Why?”
Then, Dean nodded, looking sleepy despite the tears and trembling chin. He set down the sandwich onto the plate in his lap. “I don’t think I can eat more, Cas.”
Cas' eyes darted over his shoulder and she replied in a murmur, "I am...no longer the boss. I was demoted."
? “Ah, right. What a shame.”
“I’m so sorry—Jack,
Castiel saw stars as he turned a corner and was shoved sideways into a wall. A hand gripped his hair and knocked his head against the hard marble for good measure. His vision blurred and with his head feeling like it had been split open, Castiel hissed and slid down the wall, his shoulder squeaking and skidding over the cold surface.
“Um, no,” he replied, stumbling up onto the steps to the balcony. The night breeze blew through his hair. “These dreams are about adventures and far off lands, and magic—”
She tilted her head at him.
“Cas,” Dean said louder, stepping towards the bed.
The ground across the street from the metal shop was littered with dry, curled brown leaves. They’d fallen from the trees above as September had turned green to brown, red to orange. Tonight, as two sets of wings flapped majestically from celestial to mortal planes then disappeared, the leaves tumbled aside in the breeze and crumbled to pieces under two sets of feet. A pair of dress shoes and tall, pointed black heels walked over the dead shrubbery. They slowed their gait and came to a stop at the edge of the road.
They stared at each other. Dean licked at his lips and Castiel just kept smiling tightly.
Much love!
Mary interrupted. “Pipe down, boys. All three of you.”
were the one who’d actually planned it all? Did you take a second to mention that to him when you and Uriel were making out in your dream—”
It was, quite frankly, obscene.
, and I have no way of knowing how many or who. I don’t know if he shared them with other people outside his work or not.”
With no guards in sight and the gallery minutes away from closing its doors, Dean turns to face Castiel, fixing him with a brief intense look that makes Castiel’s skin tingle. As he turns away, Dean picks up a brochure from a small table they are stood by and pretends to start reading it, whilst speaking to Castiel in a low tone.
“Rules are - I’m the spinner! First spin, you go in the closet,” He pointed to the closet in the corner of the room, “ Second spin, you follow the first person into the closet. You have to stay in there severn minutes. And we want some kissing people!! Come on, that’s what the games all about. Easy peasy! Let’s do this!”
Castiel lays his head on Ishim’s chest, unable to hold it up any longer, still coming down from his high and trying to wrap his post-orgasmic brain around Ishim videoing him.
“Pink?” Dean exclaims, looking at the six-inch length of woven cord with an O-ring on one end.
They ride along the bumpy streets and continue to see people stranded along the sides of the road. People were traveling to find shelter and help, once or twice the truck they were on, would stop and pick someone new up when there was enough room. Everywhere he looks, Dean sees the dead and injured, he knows he will never forget the horrific injuries he has seen people suffer. He will never forget the image of people being covered with sheets of plastic. He is truly grateful that the other little boy on the truck with them is doing a good job of holding Jack’s attention.
been holding it.” He jumps up and starts to clamber out of the truck, “I can’t wait! They won’t let them leave without me, will they?”
The water is warm and clear, Dean and Claire use scuba masks to look under the waves to look at the sea-bed. Coming up to play and splash at each other, while Jack and Castiel build a sandcastle on the beach.
Claire stands nearby, within his eyesight, she is watching the action as well as keeping an eye on her papa.
“Oh my god, Dean! You -”
As the evening news starts on the TV Dean comes out of his room again, looking calmer, he sits down to watch it with Sam and Cas.
Cas couldn't help playing through a list of ‘What if’s’ on the drive over. What if Dean didn’t show up? What if he flirted with the staff? What if things went horribly wrong and they broke up for good? What if he never got to kiss Dean’s lips again, or stare into his beautiful green eyes, or hold his hand feeling that grounded closeness that made him feel special and safe…? What if he never got to tell Dean how much he meant to him? What if this was the last time they would see each other?
“My heart is racing and I feel awful,” Cas says quietly.
This ring, however, reads, ‘
“Dean what if he shared those images with
Dean had barely looked at her but made sure to clear his throat pointedly. He was having a hard time looking at Cas, having now seen the ‘flirting’ thing from the other side first-hand. Even if Castiel hadn’t flirted back it made Dean’s jaw clench how the waitress had basically undressed him with her eyes. Dean can’t imagine how he would have reacted if Cas had winked back at her like he himself had thoughtlessly done on several occasions.
The waitress, alarmed and turning beet red, glances between them before scurrying off, clearly embarrassed at having been called out.
“You close?” Cas growls.
X X X
Thursday afternoon, Castiel cooks several chicken breast and hamburger patties to make himself some quick meals for the week ahead. When he leaves for work, he finds a note on his front door.
“School costs money that I just don’t have, Cas. I need a job. A real job.”
X X X
“Gabe, are you really going to allow
Cas chuckled and leaned into Dean’s side with his shoulder, “Nah, you’ll always be the champ around here.”
“Okay, I know you guys don’t want to hear this, but we need to have a little reminder of what you should do if you get lost or can’t find us,” Dean looks down at his kids seriously.
to invite.”
Castiel smiles, “I like you too.”
Castiel feels Claire shaking him and stirs warily, eyes landing on the sun that is setting on the sealine horizon in the distance, it’s brilliant orange glow is warm and comforting. Castiel’s lips quirk into a weak smile as he drinks in the view.
she remembers him saying when she’d asked why it didn’t have a diamond when she was younger.
Cas lets out a shaky breath, “How? How do you plan on proving that?”
“Dean, I’m okay. I can make it to the car. I’ve been getting around the house and the back deck just fine, this is no different.” Cas grumbles as he hobbles out the front door.
X X X
loved it. So, will you let me invite whoever I want? Not just your friends.”
Dean whimpers at the teasing.
We hope you are enjoying the story so far, please drop a comment to let us know. Thank you for reading <3
“I said you could have
“No, Castiel, we mustn't, the fish must figure this out on its own.”
“Thank you,” she whispers, “thank you so much!”
◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡
“See you tomorrow.” Dean signs.
“Please, come with me?” The volunteer asks with a sorrowful look in her eyes as she tries to gently steer Claire away from the other patients.
“What?”
“I could help you on my days off, we could go look at apartments if you want?” Dean offers. Dean doesn’t let on that he is going to miss having Cas around.
That evening when Sam comes home he’s bubbly and all smiles. He greets Cas jovially.
Ishim is sitting at the kitchen table, laughing at a funny story that Castiel is telling him about a customer at work. Ishim has been home for a little over a week now and things have been good between them, after the first night of Ishims return anyway.
That night, Castiel is tucked up in bed reading his favorite Alfred Hitchcock story, when he hears a noise downstairs. It’s getting late, but Castiel knows it’s still too early for Gabe to be home and the maid and the cook had gone home hours ago. He blames his nerves on the book he’s reading and tries to ignore his rising heartbeat.
Cas jumps as the lights come on and the room is filling with cleaners, all busy and talking. He carefully slips in between them, wiping here and there, as he makes his way toward the security office, making sure to keep his back to any of the guards.
“Time for cake!”
Castiel oversees the child as he grows, gently aiding in small ways as the boy becomes a man, and almost three decades later, Castiel watches as Demons trick and kill the man, dragging him to Hell.
Claire smiles gratefully at the woman, as happy tears at being reunited with her papa curl over her lashes and splash onto Castiel’s hand.
Dean watches nervously as his son carefully clambers down and sits beside him.
“Claire, look. That tree! Swim toward that fallen tree.”
Eventually, all four boys were deep into the world of their favorite game.
“That’s sure a long way off, but yeah, I will.” Dean kisses the back of Castiel’s head. “How ‘bout we focus on having fun this summer? Ya know before we have to start acting like adults for the rest of our lives.”
Dean stares after Cas like he’s lost his marbles, ‘Engaged?’
They get to the garage and Benny is already there, opening up the store side. Benny is one of Dean’s best mechanics and one of the few that he knows he can trust with keys to the shop and store.
“I don’t … no, no nothing looks familiar. Neither of those is my papa’s ring, and he didn’t have a watch on.”
“You’re welcome,” the man signs.
Dean arches up into Cas’s hand, his fingers digging into Cas’s ass. “Feels so good, Cas” he barely manages to say as he pants and tries not to hyperventilate. He feels like he’s clinging to the edge and it won’t take much to topple over. His body tensing and needing more, but Cas’s hand and his cock pressed against Dean’s is like pure heaven.
They move closer to the bed together and Dean taps Cas’s hand gently, “Cas, look, Jack’s here to see you, too.” Dean leans down to pick Jack up so that he can see his papa.
Christmas morning, Dean and Cas wake up first and go to the kids’ rooms and start teasing them and tickling them to wake them up. They have gifts for each of them to unwrap and plan a fun day down at the pool.
“Oh, he was there. He was there with his boyfriend.” Dean can feel the anger and humiliation and fear and confusion, fighting for dominance in his mind.
your take-out? Where the hell have you been?” Ishim growls, glaring dangerously at Castiel. Isham wasn’t actually that much taller than Castiel but at times like this, which were sadly becoming increasingly more frequent, he had a way of making Castiel feel about two feet tall and himself seem like a giant towering over him.
He doesn’t know where else they would look and leaving feels like he is abandoning his post. He wishes he could leave them a clue, or a sign as to where the trucks would be taking them. He wishes he knew if there would be more trucks coming back to this area, what if Castiel and Claire come back only to get left behind?
“I’m coming baby, I’m coming.”
The truck is packed full of exhausted people and the ride is extremely uncomfortable. The road is littered with rubble and shakes the truck violently whenever they drive over any bumps, jarring Dean’s ribs painfully, but he tries not to let it show for Jack's sake.
“It’s not like that. This person is a friend.
“Boy, I’ve known you how many years now? I’ve seen you when you want to ask someone out, and you have that look about you now. So ask ’um out.”
Castiel brings his hands up and cups Dean’s face, leaning in close until their lips barely touch. Then he puts more force behind it, and Dean kisses back. They’re both breathless when they separate.
He watches in awe as doctors and nurses weave through the crowd, helping severely wounded people into the hospital quickly, and settling those whose injuries are less serious into appropriate waiting areas. He wants to be like them someday, saving people, healing wounds.
“No, I don’t. Honestly, I am not even sure how this happened, Mick just turned up at the house and surprised me.” Castiel frowns at the ring that now seems to be weighing heavily on his finger, “This is just metal,” he says softly as he takes the band off his ring finger and moves it on to his other hand, he looks up at Dean again, “It doesn’t mean anything. I just wanted to get out of there quickly and I wasn’t sure what to say… My mind was already here, in the gallery… with you.”
“Cut it out, Sammy, my hand wasn’t broken, just the drywall.”
Claire’s stomach growls and reminds her that she hasn’t eaten since the previous day. Feeling miserable, she winds her way back to the children’s tent to get something to eat. She sits alone at a table in the tent and slowly chews on some fruit, the movements of her jaw are automatic. She distantly registers the taste of orange in her mouth but her mind can’t seem to settle on anything other than a little boy, sitting alone across the room. He can’t be much older than her own younger brother, Jack. His face is pale and a little scratched, his eyes look puffy as though he has recently been crying, or unable to sleep. But he looks relatively calm and focussed as he colors.
Just as everything goes cold and black, he hears a ringing in his ears.
“I should go. You need to rest.”
He leans in close to hear her whisper, “There is always a risk and he is very weak, but if we wait any longer, there is a chance they may not be able to save his leg.”
He pulls his car into the long driveway of his home, looking forward to getting back into his studio and shutting the world out for a while.  He enters his family home, which he shares with his brother and is immediately greeted by a very excited Gabriel.
“Tomorrow. First class is at ten?” Mick signs back to Dean.
“That’s fine but what will happen in the morning if the police find my car outside your house? There could be all kinds of questions…” the man says slyly, and as he notices the look on Castiel’s face, he smiles and adds, “I’m really just thinking of you.”
He signs, “So soon?”
Cas moves away from Dean just long enough to reach for the lube in the drawer beside the bed. Coming back, resting back on his knees just long enough to pop the cap on the lube to dribble some onto his palm. Meeting Dean’s eyes again as he leans down and reaches between them to wrap his slick hand around both of them. Dean hisses and sinks his head deeper into the pillow below him.
The driver meets his pleading gaze with understanding and pity. He nods in agreement as a few of the passengers grumble about wanting to get to the next shelter. Everyone is tired and uncomfortable, and desperate to keep moving, so Dean thanks them for waiting and promises that he will be quick.
Unfortunately, or not, depending on how you looked at it... the part of his brain that shouted at him that it was too soon, would not be silenced and the thought of scaring Castiel off if it turned out it was too soon was enough to make Dean decide to wait a bit longer. Cas lived in a smaller one-bedroom apartment across town, which Dean hated. He isn’t a snob or anything but he didn’t feel like Cas was safe there. It was well known for being a bit of a rough area. Luckily, they spent most of their time at Dean’s place anyway.
“Ok, you’re the boss, but, just do as I tell you.” Dean finally says, seeming completely calm though his heart is pounding wildly in his chest.
Castiel meets his eye with a smile, “Don’t think I can resist you much longer, you sure you feel ready?”
The man at the door turns around to face him, and Dean can’t believe his eyes.
Dean grins and obeys, bending over to take down his pants. He kicks them away and steps back to pull his shirt over his head. As soon as the material tugs free from his head, leaving his hair slightly spiked up in a way that Castiel still finds irresistible, he is pushed backward. The back of his legs bump against the side of the bed and he tumbles, chuckling breathlessly as he lands down on the soft mattress.
“Yes, it is. Please, come in,” Dean signs.
“Come on,” Dean says, poking Castiel in the side lightly.
He won’t leave Jack's side for long, just a quick walk around to feel as though he was actually trying. He remembers Castiel’s last words to him had been to ‘get Jack’ so he isn’t about to fail in protecting their son but he has to
Castiel can make out the constant bustling movement and talking of people around him but the one voice he can’t hear and wants so desperately too, is Claire’s. Fear makes his heart clench, painfully. He can’t have lost her.
Around eleven o’clock, Ishim notices Dean and Cas leaving the house. This is the first time he has seen Cas leave the house. He watches how Dean sticks right by Cas’ side, he sees Dean looking at Castiel in a way that makes his teeth clench. If Castiel had been screwing around with Dean behind his back, he’d beat his ass all the way home and then remind him who exactly his ass belonged to.
Don't forget to leave a comment or kudos if your enjoying this fic. Reader feedback is greatly appreciated.
On stage, he tries to play to the crowd, but he only had eyes for one gorgeous man. He notices how Dean’s friends were getting into the show and how Dean is completely fixated on his every move - perfect.
Soon the couple is moaning together, breathing into each other’s mouths as the need for air begins to outweigh the need to seal their lips together. They pant against each other's skin, as Castiel fucks into his husband wildly, the building need for release grows stronger. Dean’s hands rise up and grab at Castiel’s hips, reaching around to grip on his ass, Dean squeezes and tugs him deeper, groaning out loudly.
“Ready for some breakfast?”
“You’re welcome. And, um, not that it’s a big deal but do you realize that you still don’t have a shirt on?”
“Papa?” she says quietly, as her whole body begins to tremble.
Cas (Wednesday 8:04 PM) > I’m done with this conversation. I’ll be in touch with you when I’m ready. Again - please respect my wish on this.
The following month, Cas finally gets to go to class with Dean. For most of the class, he watches as the others work with the dogs. Dean has Cas hide his keychain to have Casey go find it - of course, she finds it right away, this thrills Cas, and he praises her and gives her a treat.
It takes a few nerve-racking moments before one of the guards finally notices the frame hanging without a painting, he stares at it for a few seconds, his brain trying to process what his eyes are telling it, then… he freaks out. “ALARM! ALARM!”
Castiel did all the cleaning, he cooked nine times out of ten, he tended their tiny garden patch, he did it all… Yes, Ishim had a well-paid job, but he worked his own full-time job, so how exactly had this happened? He’d become a put upon housewife… without even noticing. Purely because he was scared of what would happen if Ishim got angry with him.
Whilst Castiel is sleeping, Claire wanders away from his bed, looking at all the horrifically injured people around them. She manages to find the list of names downstairs in the main lobby, the list is very long and some of the names are scribbled in so un-neatly that she can’t really make them out. She reads all that she can, grabbing a chair to stand on, so she can see the top of the list, which almost reaches the ceiling. She doesn’t find the name of her dad or brother. She isn’t sure if that’s good or bad, maybe that just means that they are not at this hospital.
Dean stares at his daughter, mouth dropping open in surprise as hundreds of thoughts fly across his mind.
“So, did you kiss him?” Gabe teases.
Dean turns in Cas’s arms and looks him in the eyes, “Me, too.”
“I’m not sure… I thought I saw something but I…”
Cautiously, she untangles herself from her papa and clambers down from the bed. Leaning over the top end of the bed she kisses her papa’s cheek and tells him she's going to look for water but will be back soon.
“Lilly,”
“Never better.” Dean grins and nips Cas’s earlobe.
There is a thump at the top of the stairs, “I know you guys are kissing, so stop it so I can come down to the kitchen.” Sammy calls from the stairs. Dean and Castiel fall apart from each other, laughing.
“But she wasn’t,” says Dean, cutting Castiel off quickly.
“Well, go bump into him now,” Charlie teases and Kevin grins nodding wildly.
“Gabe said it’s going to be a real party for a real teenager, not a kiddie party.”
“Will you get to come home for Christmas?” Cas asks, just above a whisper.
Beep Beep Beep
◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡◠◡
“Well, if we did that then what would happen to you when the specialist comes to test the painting? It’s a fake, isn’t it?”
Dean nods to Castiel and takes the belt off the pillow, dropping it into the trash. Cas finishes packing his clothes, grabs his laptop and a few personal items and Dean adds them to the case. Dean carries the luggage out to the car and puts it in the trunk.
Cas is staring at the man as though he has two heads, ‘
“Sammy?” Dean feels weak with emotion at the sound of his brother’s voice.
They enter the building and greet a few of the usuals, and wave at Ellen; they are seated and give their order - they don’t even need menus. Ellen comes over to say hello and brings a bowl of water and an extra bowl for food for Casey. Dean has a little zip-lock bag with her food in his backpack and fills her bowl. When she has finished eating, she lays next to Dean’s chair.
Cas nods, “I’ll be fine. That was just much harder than I thought it would be.”
In lue of an answer, Dean reaches up and wraps his hand behind Cas’s neck and pulls him down into another needy kiss. Their foreheads remain touching and their breath mingles in the air between them as Cas continues to steadily jack them off. He can feel Dean’s fingers curl and tighten in his hair and hear his sharp gasps as he gradually speeds up his movements.
“Fine. Did he pop…”
Dean laughs with his friends, and they ordered more beer. Pretty soon, the stage lights go down.
“The security office!?” Cas looks shocked.
“Hey Cas, glad to see you survived another day with Dean.” He jokes and peaks into the kitchen, “Hey Dean.” Sam heads to his room and comes out a few minutes later wearing sweats and a t-shirt, much the same as Dean’s attire. Castiel feels a brief flicker of envy that Dean and Sam can do something as simple as getting changed so easily, whereas he, battered and broken as he is, struggles massively just putting on a fresh pair of shorts.
