“I’m not part of your pack.” Cas narrowed his eyes. “There is no reason for me to present my neck to you even though I’m an omega.”
“Don’t start.” she groaned. “It’s the only thing I can taste, everything else is just molecules, or makes me puke.”
Dean waited till he knew Sam was out of earshot before he approached the angel. Slowly and calmly so as not to scare her. Once he was right in front of her he pulled out a chair and sat before her, tilting his head to catch her eyes.
“Oh come on, it’s not like you can’t make another one.” Chuck tried to amend. “They just won’t be a half-angel half-demon monster.”
As everyone knows Supernatural ended a little while ago and its a bit surreal. This show has been such a huge part of my life since middle school. I'd love to hear about your own Supernatural journey and how this show has made your life better, even if it just something like you really like the show. Let me know.
“Okay, then we’ll work out online classes or something.” Sam shrugged. “Look, before Dean met you, our lives weren’t looking so good. We would still be with our dad or following his path, hunting rouges and hopping from hotel to hotel living by the skin of our teeth. When Dean met you he wanted to be better, for you, for your future. He wanted to give you everything he didn’t think he would have. So he became better. He started to talk about starting a pack and imspiring me to do what I wanted. He encouraged me to go to school and did so himself. He owns this bar now, and volenteers as a firefighter. He worked hard to build a place we could call home. I have a home now, and a career in my future. I’m studying to be a lawyer and have a good shot of becoming part of this firm once I graduate. And all this is thanks to you, thanks to you making Dean realize he could be more than what our dad wanted.” he took a moment to catch his breath after that, letting it all set in for Castiel. “So… I want to help you; I want to pay back the blessings you gave us. I mean, you did all that, and now I find out I have a nephew.” he smiled looking back to Jack and Dean, who were just finishing up. “I couldn’t even begin to thank you enough, for doing all this for us and for making my brother so damn happy. But I want to try. So, just think about it, alright. Talk it over with Dean, then let me know what you want to do. I’ll help you in whatever way you want. Kay?”
She seemed to expect that, or at least partially did. It still seemed to disappoint her. She crossed her arms over her belly.
“He is so good with her.” Bess smiled, sipping on the herbal tea Cas made. “He would be a great big brother.”
“He never wanted to abandon his daughter.” Cas snarled. “He never questioned whether she was dangerous or not because she was his!”
“I will not repeat myself,” Dean told him, putting an arm around Cas’s waist. “He is not going anywhere. You need to leave now before I gut the both of you.”
He… he wasn’t ready to see that, to be somewhere that was soely Dean’s. To be so completley surrounded by his force of pressence. Not yet, not until after they came to an understanding of how they felt for each other.
“Bobby was the one who designed the house. He said that the alpha should have a cabin or a floor all to himself and his family. I wanted to stay in the house with the pack so I got the third floor. There is my room and my office, plus four other rooms for my pups.”
“Do you hear yourselves?” Cas cried, throwing his hands up in the air. “I’m not a part of your pack! You have no claim to me. How many times do I have to say this? I am part of the Winchester pack. I am the mate of the pack alpha. And this is done.”
Sam and Eileen kept Jack with them and told him that his mom and dad just needed some time together. They were relieved however when Dean emerged from the third floor, looking blissed out and glowing like a newly made man.
“You can do that after we’re sure he’s not in danger.” Ellen told him, forcing a tray of food and coffee in his arms. “Take this to your mate. He’s sure to be hungry after all that.”
Sam wasted no time bringing the child closer. Alternate Dean was tearing up at seeing the little one. He smiled as much as he cut lip would allow as she gave a little sleepy whimper.
“Aye.” Rowena nodded, gathering her things. “Now, ef ye dorn’t mind, Ah’ll bae stayin’ at th’ bunker till Ah find a flat.”
“I know you don’t want to be too far from Jack, I get that, trust me.” Dean sighed. “But please, just, go with Sam tomorrow and talk with someone.”
Heading back for his office, Dean saw the number was one of Micheal’s and fumbled as he tried to answer faster than was humanly or inhumanly possible.
Getting a hold of Micheal was a lot harder than he thought. So far he had called seven times and nothing. He was redirected to a couple of different numbers for emergencies but even then he didn’t answer. Finally, on his ninth call, he got a voicemail.
“If you want to leave, all you have to do is get in my car and I’ll take you to my pack.” Dean promised.
“Cas, take El to the dungeon.” Dean told her as he and the other two hunters got their guns and moved for the war room.
His brother waited, but Cas did nothing else. Rolling his eyes, Adam elbowed Micheal, reminding him of where was.
“It’s time for you to come home.” Naomi snarled, ignoring him as she came to stand at the bottom of the porch steps.
"I'm sorry." Dean shook his head again, running a hand through his hair. "I didn't think this would happen. I had every intention of coming back for you."
"Dean and I do share a more profound bond." She had claimed, if not but a bit exasperated that she had to even mention it.
So he shot and shot and shot. Still, she came forward. She was serene. Long dark hair that fell in such perfect curls that it was unnatural. Her eyes blazed a frozen blue fire, poorly hiding power that he could barely comprehend. She wore a long tan trench coat that reached her mid-thigh, covering a white dress shirt, blue tie, black blazer, and black pencil skirt held up by suspenders. To tie it all together she wore a pair of white victorian boots that looked more authentic than vintage.
“That’s what I thought.” he ticked. “Don’t pretend that what I did wasn’t awful. I don’t want Cas here ever again. I want her as far from me as she can get so that I can never hurt her again. I still have this mark, I can still become a demon. Or worse, maybe next time I’ll be human. So I want her to be on another planet if she can manage that. Anything to keep her safe from me.”
“Cas.” alternate Dean implored grasping Cas’s hand. “Take my memories, please. You need to know what she is. Why she is so important. I can’t tell you everything, not in time. Please.”
Everyday he was getting closer and closer to Dean. He could even see them taking the next step in their relationships soon. Things were so good. He was so happy, his new family and his bond with the alpha. Things were going great.
“I just…” she sighed, suddenly looking so tired and slumping into the nearest chair. “I need a place to lay low for now. But ultimately I need a way to keep my child safe.”
With a snap of his fingers Cas’s light flashed out, her wings scorched the wall behind her and she slumped face-first to the ground.
Smirking, he pushed the door open and called out to his mate- his mate, gods was he beyond happy to call Cas that.
“Cas, no.” Dean felt sick all over again. “I would never think that. You are still the pure angel I love. I just… I still remember what I did. How it felt, the look in your eyes. I can’t help but get a little excited at the memories. I’ve wanted you for so long. By my side. In my life as my partner and lover. But the way it happened, the fact that it was neither of our choices. That was taken from both of us, and I was the reason for that. That’s what gets to me. That’s why I can’t look at you. Because I just remember that I took so much from you. That I hurt you in such a way. And god forbid I go dark side again, it could happen again. It will happen again, I know. That scares me. That’s why I chased you away. Because I thought you were safer without me. And now with our daughter… Cas, I could hurt her.”
"Do you even want to join my pack?" Dean asked, looking torn and hollow. "I left you, pregnant and at the mercy of your family with no way of getting a hold of me. I'm a poor excuse for an alpha let alone a mate. Do you even want me here now, around our pup?"
Looking at the rip and Chuck’s unconscious form he made the quick decision to tie the amulet back into place, grab El’s blankie from Cas’s limp hands and jump through the rip.
“Anyway,” Ellen called getting their attention. “I’m gonna set the table, rest of the pack will be here in a minute. Jack, do you want to help me?”
“Well, at least we don’t have to worry about our pack alpha’s heir.” Bobby snorted taking his seat next to his mate and getting a chuckle out of everyone. “Now, are we gonna sit here gawking or are we gonna eat?”
“Oh that is too good Deano.” he chuckled, calming down. “But don’t worry, I don’t need the big strong alpha to come to my rescue.”
Jack knew that tone and did exactly what his mom told him. He grabbed Gertie around the waist and dashed for the front porch as the toddler screeched the whole way. As soon as he reached his mom and Bess the beta grabbed her pup and looked to Cas, confused and scared.
“That isn’t the point!” Dean urged, glaring at his brother. “The point is we now know where she comes from and what she is. But what do we do with her now?”
“Yup, our little girl is gonna be a Doctor, Lawyer, and President all in one,” Dean smirked, setting up the stove for breakfast.
"Cas," Dean shook his head, rubbing a hand over his face. "Whatever you're going to say, you don't… I… Cas I'm so sorry."
Cas had just got home and was spending time outside with Bess watching the pups play on the swing set. Gertie was still a bit too small to do much, but Jack was gentle with her and pushed her slowly on the swing. Catching her if she started to wobble.
The air around her shifted at the mention of the omega’s name. The air grew bitter with anger and he could see she was fighting to keep back a snarl. He struggled to keep his scent-neutral and not retaliate against her reaction.
“I don’t need your say-so to do anything.” Dean shut them down again. “I don’t need anything from your pack. Even if I did, I would ask Micheal, not either of you.”
Charlie became his best friend. She would come over and nerd out with the brothers, watching their latest bing worthy show addictions and reading them the books she was reading currently. That happened because Dean had said he doesn’t have enough time to read.
“I didn’t have a phone, and I was living with dad, do you think he would have let me take Cas on the road with us? Do you think I wanted that for him?” Dean shot back.
“I can’t just dump my pup on his alpha and pack like that.” Cas shook his head. “Once I became a mother, his dreams were all that mattered. Mine were put away.”
“I’m worse than them.” Dean snarled. “How would you feel if you had done something like this to Jess?”
“Uncle Sammy!” she cried, struggling out of Cas’s lap and rushing to the giant, climbing up his legs with practiced ease. “I thought the bad man hurt you.”
A Cajun alpha from the south that came up north to get away from his old pack. Traditionalist that didn’t sit well with him. When his desired mate was taken from him and mated to his alpha he retaliated and was banished. He made it to Kansas and was looking to start again, just as the Road House was looking for a new cook. Benny started right away and he and Dean hit it off like brothers. He and Dean eventually joined as volunteer firefighters and remained thick as thieves solidifying their bonds with fire and sweat. Not long after the boys started their volunteer work, Sam became friends with a beta woman named Amy. He would bring her and his other friends around the bar and that’s how she met Benny. They hit it off right away and became mates right before Dean made the pack. She now worked as a mortician and they were working on their first pup. It still made Dean snicker every time he caught them being cute with each other.
It sent a surprised Chuck sailing through the open door and tore at the very air around her. Tearing so hard that it caused a rip. A long glowing rip. Dean watched awestruck as the rip flickered with the vibration of her scream before settling as she quieted. He had to hurry to his feet and forward as she started to crumple down having used more of her power than ever before.
“With that all said,” Castiel started again. “I would like to press charges against my parents and the alpha Ramiel for harassing, and threatening me, and endangering my pup.”
Nodding, Cas placed his hand on other Dean’s brow. There was an intense look on both their faces as Cas’s eyes glowed blue and he extracted the memories and absorbed them into his own. He stopped when other Dean started to heave and convulse. Cas tried to soothe him, but the end was coming.
“C’mon angel, we’ve both wanted this for a long time.” he breathed against her lips. “Just give in to it. Let me have you.”
“He left your pack six years ago.” Dean cut her off. “He is part of my pack and I’m courting him. Whatever claim you think you have is null and void.”
“Good.” he sighed, it was a relieved sound. “Not most people think that way. Case in point, the Novaks.”
“Our little girl.” he assured her, taking her hand. “Cas, I’m so sorry for what I did. I should have talked to you, I should have-”
“So I may have promised Jack that we are going to the park after you finish eating.” Dean told him, sipping at his coffee.
Turning to her makeshift altar, she began mumbling Latin grabbing the herbs and throwing them into her brass bowl. Finished with that she turned to the devil’s trap and blew the contents of the bowl onto the howling demon.
Pausing, Cas turned to him, a look in his eyes that clearly said ‘are you kidding me, don’t ask stupid questions’.
“No, he wants to talk now,” Adam told him. “He wants to see Cas. He wants to talk to you, at your packhouse.”
Dean chuckled at that, mostly to cover up the glee he felt at the fact that his possible mate was willing to have more kids with him.
“Sam,” he looked to his brother. “You may have to make arrangements with the school. If this gets to be too dangerous I want Cas to stay on pack lands as much as possible.”
Castiel had never felt so… conflicted. He was happy to see Dean. So very happy. But also angry. Dean left him when he was in high school, pregnant, and with his insane traditionalist family who were planning on selling him off to an entitled egotistical alpha with no way to get in contact. But, of course, Dean wasn't even aware of any of that. So he couldn't be mad. Above all else, he was terrified. Scared that Dean won't want anything to do with him or Jack. Scared that he has moved on and was here to tell him so, or even take his pup.
“My family is from a long line of traditional alpha leaders who believe themselves above everyone else.” Cas growled.
“Yeah, sure Ellen.” Sam nodded taking the pup and rushing off up the stairs while his brother gave him a pleading look.
“Cas,” Dean whispered, closing the distance between them, pressing his brow to the smaller teens. “I promise when I’ve done it when I’ve made a pack and can keep you safe when I can support you properly, I will come back and make good on my promise. You will become my mate.”
“What do you mean?” Cas asked, clueless. “He asked us to look after her. So we will look after her.”
“Okay.” Dean nodded, shrugging to Cas and the others. “We can meet at the Butch ‘n’ Sundance around six if you’d like.”
“Sam, why don’t you take little Jack here to the bathroom to wash up for dinner, while I talk to our pack alpha and Castiel.”
“You gonna be alright?” Dean asked. “Do you want to hold off on meeting the pack, I mean, we haven’t even really-”
“It has everything to do with me. He is one of my packmates, the mother to my pup and my future mate. He doesn’t want to go with you, I don’t want him to go with you, he is not going with you. Now get the hell off my land before I tear you apart.”
Out of his periphery, he saw Sam put one hand on his hip and the other rubbing at his chin. He was working it out, letting the words play over and over again until it finally clicked. And when it did he finally let his eyes fall on his brother.
Hanging up he sighed, rubbing his face. He needed a drink. But that could wait. For now, he needed to check on his omega and pup.
“What did you do to Eileen?” Dean demanded ignoring his weird comment, buying time so Cas and El could escape.
“Excuse me?” Cas gawked at them, absolutely dumbstruck by her words. “Are you fucking insane? First of all, don’t ever call my pup a bastard again. And second, what the hell makes you think I would ever come back and let you sell me off like a whore when I’m perfectly happy here with the father to my pup, and his pack?”
Dean wasn’t entirely aware of what he was doing, only knowing that he was getting close to something important.
“We don’t need to talk like that.” he shook his head. “You’re mated to my brother and I intend to mate yours. I think we passed the whole formal thing. Come in.”
“This guy is not doing well.” Dean hissed checking out all the wounds that were spurting blood on a fountain level. “Cas, do you think you can heal him?”
Watching his alpha and pup playing and being happy together. It was more than he ever wanted. Waiting six years for this was completely worth it.
“Cas,” Dean sighed, rubbing his face. “We have way more important things on our plates right now. Like defeating God.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know.” Gabriel waved him off. “You don’t have to worry about me. I was mated off right after you left. She’s actually an amazing alpha. Strict and didn’t really like my tricks at first, but I grew on her. I’m only here to talk to Micheal on her behalf. Kahli’s a bit too busy and loves to make Naomi seeth.”
“Mom!” Jack called running down the stairs. “The bathroom in Sam’s room is huge. It’s bigger than our house.”
“What?” Sam looked so confused, the words were not connecting and Dean didn’t want to say them again.
Adam. Micheal’s mate. Dean’s possible half brother. Micheal’s mate Adam who might also be Dean’s half brother.
“Yeah.” Adam nodded. “I was trying to find some paperbacks to kill a weekend, started to feel feverish, next thing I know, I’m curled up in a corner whining like a bitch.”
“I’ll be okay.” Jack insisted. “I have dad, and Sam, and the rest of the pack. I’ll be okay. I want you to be happy. Please. I’ll be okay.”
They ate the pies and foods prepared for them by their pack and accepted gifts all while keeping tiered smiles on their face. While planning all this they were still working and going to school. So even though they were enjoying the party, they were worn out.
“Mmhmm.” she smirked, going back to watching the pups, but something else caught her eye. “That isn’t one of ours.”
“Of course not, Cas.” Dean hissed back, ressisting the urge to snap his teeth. “I just want you to be happy here, and I know that you’ve always wanted to study medacine and open up a clinic that uses mostly herbal remedies rather than man made chemical meds. I won’t force you, but just…”
“Well, uh, he made your mommy change how he- she looks.” he fought not to cringe at how lame that sounded. But seriously, how were you supposed to explain this to a child. “So that’s why he looks like that.”
He had a half brother that his dad told him about in secret, an omega named Adam. Looking back at the house he wondered if it could be the same kid. Though he never met him so he wouldn’t know Dean if he did try to confirm it.
“I’m still not sure about this.” Cas sighed as she and Dean sat waiting for Sam to come back with Rowena.
“El,” Cas began. “This is your… cousin… he came while you were sleeping. He’s going to be staying with us from now on.”
“Dean,” A woman in the kitchen called, stirring a pot of something that smelled delisious. “Welcome back. I see you brought guests.”
It seemed, with the presence of actual law enforcement there to back up the pack, the Novak’s lost the wind in their sails to their boat names entitlement. They looked helplessly between the sheriff's and Dean completely at a loss.
“There is no way he would go along with that. That is a fate worse than hell. The maddening boredom alone. He won't go with it.”
It didn’t take long for him to set her up in his designated room, soon enough she was bouncing in her seat singing along with the theme song and cheering at Scooby and the gang’s accomplishments.
“So you don’t think that, I don’t know, maybe you'd want to dial back the alpha just a bit?” Sam motioned to him like he could sum up the word with Dean himself- which wasn’t untrue.
“Yes,” Dean swore. “Gods of course I’ll keep my promise. I don’t care if he lost his face, I just want him safe and with me.”
“You wouldn’t happen to know a spell that could knock out a Knight of Hell and trap them in a dream world forever.?”
“Dinner should be ready by now.” Sam called from outside the car, with a very hyper Jack on his arm. “Say we eat, introduce them to the pack, then show them around the lodge.”
Closer and closer until he could see it. Ahead of dark midnight hair, glistening in the weak autumn sunlight. He wanted to run up and scoop the omega in his arms like in those cheesy romance movies. Swing him around and kiss him deeply. But he paused. The man was sitting on a bench watching the children play. But that wasn’t what made him freeze. It was a small voice.
“Hey Jack.” Dean started, kneeling with the omega to face his pup. “My pack, we got lots of cool people in there. You and your mom will be happy there. There is even a pup close to your age.”
It had taken six years. Six long years, two of those were torture as Dean was forced around the country, hunting ferals and rogue alphas with his dad out of revenge for the alpha that killed his mother. When Sam and his dad had it out that night at the end of the second year, when Sam finally said he was done, Dean went with him. The Impala was already his by that point. He had enough as well. He didn’t want to hunt anymore. Didn’t want to live off of credit card scams anymore. He wanted to make his life better, wanted to get things ready for when he went back for Cas. So he started classes at a college. He had to fudge his grades so he could get in, then studied his ass off to get his liquor license and understand business management. He managed and started saving up money while working at a different bar, The Road House.
“Say it one more time and I will.” he told her before quickly ducking his head and pressing his tongue into her folds.
“Not much.” Adam shrugged. “I know he was a bounty hunter, and he came to town when a pack of alphas were going around taking and attacking omegas and killing betas. He saved mom from them, but she was in heat, so he… helped her with it, and then ten months later I was born.”
With that he marched out and down the hall, unable to stop the tears as they rained down his cheeks.
“I will go back to my hotel room and talk to Micheal.” Adam told him. “And explain what is going on.”
“Nothing?” Sam snorted. “Dean, you have been stalking all around the bunker ever since we cured you. You won’t even look at her. She won’t tell me what happened and neither will you, but that isn’t gonna cut it anymore. I need to know what happened.”
Cas looked back and forth between the alphas and his pup, feeling a little cornered but also like… shouldn’t he give this a shot? He’s got people to help him with Jack, most of them are parents, and if Dean trusted them enough with his pup...He could open that clinic, he could work and show his pup that no matter what his second gender he could be whatever he wanted.
Cas watched them before going back to his own packing, taking the very few bits of clothing and books he had.
“Yeah, had to make sure it was perfect for when I brought you back.” Dean smirked. “There’s an area for a garden in the back, you know, so you can watch the bees.”
They told her everything, when and how they met, how their love story went and when they parted. They told her about Cas’s familiy and Barthalamuel and Amara. They ended with how Gabriel told Dean where to find Cas and how he met Jack.
“We have rules.” Ellen clarified. “Rules that Dean put into place. You never force yourself on someone or use your pharamones to ensare them and if you make a mess you cleen it up. Take responisbilty.”
They had left Jack with Eileen- the pup had grown rather attached to her and liked learning sign language so it worked out well- still not trusting the omega and alpha just yet to have him around.
Now he had a chance to go after all those hopes he thought he had to give up on long ago. Now he may be able to open that clinic he wanted and dive into natural rememdies and healing and use his earnings to fund his pup's future. Now he had the support of a pack, a pack that supposedly had been waiting his arival for a while now.
“I’m not saying he’s not welcomed.” she assured. “Quite the opposite really. I’m just… pissed that this happened the way it did. But,” she sighed, throwing up her hands. “It’s in the past. We all have baggage, and all we can do is move on. So, let’s start over. Hey, I’m Ellen.”
Sam even met a girl named Eileen and brought her into their fold. El loved her immediately and Eileen loved her. She fit in perfectly.
Cas couldn’t help the small smile that spread across his face at the thought of the alpha. Looking up he could see him in his office, watching Jack when he should be doing paper work with Sam.
Still this didn’t prepare them for another Dean to come falling through, more gashes and cuts than skin and with a bundle cradled in his arms.
“Dean Winchester?’ the woman on the other end had an unmistakable accent that had him freezing in his tracks.
“Don’t pay him any attention.” Amy snorted. “He’s just jealous he still has to wait to get his mate.”
The next three years they spent fighting together side by side and growing closer. At first, Dean assumed it was just like his relationship with Jo, could be flirty but mostly familial. But as months turned into years he started to think she didn't feel the same. He learned after a while he began to understand that it wasn't that she didn't feel the same. Heaven had drilled Melania of anti-human relations into her so she was scared to act on her feelings. He wasn't going to push her. She would come to him if and when she was ready.
Charlie had been a fixed point in the Road House starting shortly after Dean started working there. The only one that outdid her loyalty to the bar was Jo’s mate Ash- but he had ulterior motives, booze, and his woman… yeah he was there every day. Charlie would come in and order her drink then sink into a chair in the corner and pull out her laptop. Dean left her alone at first, but as the nights went on, he started to get curious. It wasn’t until he saw her playing a game on her laptop did he start talking to her.
“Dean?” the voice that called his name was small, quiet, and reserved. “Are you really going to leave?”
“Dude.” Sam groaned. “Be happy about it later, you got to tell Micheal about this so he knows that things changed a bit.”
They walked around with Jack, getting congratulated by members of both the Winchester and Novak packs and part-taking in the dance of mates. They even danced under the maypole.
“Th’ kind hoo ne’er wanted tae bae a mother tae begin wit.” Rowena growled back. “His father made meh promises he ne’er intended tae keep. Burdened meh wit a squalling infant an’ nae future.”
“Not ‘at ‘at isn’t appealing, it won’t help meh in th’ long run.” She told them. “Controlling a child wit thes much power wood bae impossible e’en fur meh. Mah best bet es tae remain oan yer goood side an’ ‘at ay th’ child.”
The man that entered was young, maybe eighteen, which matched up with the age gap between Sam and Adam. It didn’t sit well with Dean when he realized that his half brother was barely legal and mated to someone older than him, a good seven years older than the omega himself. The man was tall and lanky, blue eyes and sandy blond hair like Dean’s. He must have gotten his eyes from his mom since both Dean and Sam’s eyes were more green though Sam’s were considered hazel due to the gold and brown tones. He spotted them and must have recognized Cas from pictures or something since he nodded to them and made his way over.
“We don’t know.” Sam told her. “We don’t even know if Micheal knows yet. This was all about us meeting Adam.”
Sam had caught up at this point and was caught off guard by the new scent he smelled coming off his brother. It was a sour sorrow as well as a warm love. A kind of warmth that he only smelled on Jody and Donna, or Bobby and Ellen. The smell an alpha puts off to ease their pup.
“Our packs are connected now.” Dean started, coming forward. “Adam is mine and Sam’s half brother, we have the same father. Then of course Cas and Micheal are brothers. With such bonds already established, we’ve decided to create an alliance.”
It didn’t take long for him to find an angel that wanted his head, or for him to take his grace. He came back with haste, only to find the apartment sans Castiel and the first blade- which he had foolishly left with the angel thinking her too week to do much.
“If we keep her here she’ll use her powers.” Dean shot back. “Leading Chuck right to us and to Jack.”
“Bullshit.” Cas spat. “You were gonna let that alpha kill me because I was pregnant and pissed him off. I’d say that qualifies as you kicking me out of the pack. And you’re not even the alphas anymore, Micheal is. Does he even know you’re here?”
As soon as the mixture touched his nose and skin, his roaring petered off and his eyes rolled back into his head.
"I know that." He assured, suddenly aware that he did. He always knew, in his soul, that Dean would come back. "That's why I came to Lawrence, so you could find me."
They drank then shared a kiss, standing and facing their back now as an official mated pair in body and soul.
They drove around for what felt like hours before finally deciding to park and walk around looking for him. But that was taking too long too. In all honesty, Dean was thinking of calling it quits and picking back up tomorrow. They would have to find a hotel and a good restaurant, they might want to start now before places start closing up. But then it happened. The scent of honeysuckle and rainstorms caught him. He hadn’t smelt that in six years, but the combination didn’t fail to awaken his alpha instincts again and led him home.
I'm not going to be posting much fanfic in the future. I'll try to finish the fics that I had left unfinished, but otherwise I'm going to be focused on my new project. I am making a podcast that I plan to launch on May 15th. It's just where I tell my original stories that have been swirling in my head since I was in fifth grade. I'm calling it TELL A STORY. Way to many to try and sell as books. Plus podcasts have become my favorite way of getting stories into my system. I may make a second podcast but this one would focus on my fanfiction, but we'll see.
She had her arms crossed in front of her keeping her trench coat close to her body but not enough to reveal any shape of her.
This would start to be a thing with them. She would come by the bar and when he was cleaning she’d start reading. Ellen put up with it because Dean worked faster when he focused on the story. After a while, Dorothy started showing up, and when Dean was busy with customers she would keep Charlie company. It didn’t take long for them to bond over books they’ve read and soon enough start dating, then mate.
Cas had to look away from the younger Winchester. It had been a long time since he was shown such concideration. All his life, he wanted to be more than what his parents and pack wanted. He wanted to be more than a breeding mare for some tool of an alpha. So he worked hard. Worked till he became valdicorian and graduated with high honnors earning a schoolarship to a good school where he could start pre-med. Then, right before the last week of school his parents pulled him out of school and started preparing him for Barthalmuel. He had never felt so sick in his life. Part of that may have been the morning sickness setting in though. It had been a month and a half since he had said ‘see you later’ to Dean by then, so he was well into his pregnancy. He wanted to rage and cry at his pack, at his spineless brother and his horrid mother and father. But instead he met the alpha, already knowing now that he was with pup, and knowing that Barty would do all the raging against his family he needed. In a way, Jack saved him from a life of missery. Which is just one of the thousands of reasons he didn’t mind not going to school and devoting his life to raising his son.
“Cas, she isn’t mad at you.” Dean assured. “If anything, she’s a little disapointed in me. She is super protective of her packmates, espesially those she sees as her pups. Through all my stories and promises of bringing you home, she thinks of you as pack already. She’s just worried what this did to you, becoming a parent so soon.”
“Alright, bacon and eggs with a side of hash for me and the kid, egg-whites and a fruit bowl for the jolly giant, and a cup of coffee for baby in a trench coat,” Dean smirked at Cas who just narrowed his eyes. “Hope everybody is hungry.”
“She’s part him.” Cas ticked, now looking angry. “He wasn’t afraid of her, he was afraid that he wasn’t a good father.” a wistful smile graced his lips then. “He doted on her when he found out, made sure she had all the comforts she needed till she gave birth. And when El was born she became his whole world. He loved them so much.”
He regaled Sam with the story, getting quite a few snarls out of his brother. When that was done, Sam called Jody and asked her to call around for anyone who matched Castiel’s appearance. They had an eight-hour drive ahead of them and they just hoped Jody found something before the time was up, otherwise, Dean was gonna lose it. Having his omega just out of his reach was torture. And after hearing about all that he went through after Dean left only made it worse. He just wanted the man safe with him.
El finally got her powers when she was four. They found this out when she got mad at Dean for not letting her have a cookie and threw him against the wall with her mind. He came to with her crying in his lap promising to never do it again. Rowena ended up enchanting the amulet to keep El’s powers under control. They only let her take it off when they were training her to use them.
It’s what he loved about the omega. Even in the face of a strong alpha, the boy never backed down. He would go down with chunks of flesh between his teeth rather than roll over and accept his fate. That had intrigued Dean at first. Being the dumb playboy that never had to deal with the consequences of his choices, this omega never bent to his whims. Rather, Dean bent himself over backward to even be on the same level as Cas. He had finally managed it. Had finally claimed the omega's heart just as his was. And now he had to leave.
The location spell they used led them to an old church in New Jersey. Cas couldn’t go since Heaven and hell were still after her, and Rowena couldn’t be left alone in the bunker with Cas so Sam stayed home while Dean went after Cain.
What he wasn’t prepared for was the pup launching himself at him, wrapping his arms around his neck and burying his face in Dean’s scent gland.
So when the fourth year of Dean knowing all these people rolled around, he eventually came up with the idea to form a pack. He brought it up to Bobby first, who was skeptical but trusted Dean’s judgment.
“Enough.” Sam called. “We can talk about ethics and such after we get rid of the mark. Because until then Cas and the baby are not safe.”
Her long dark hair was a lot shinier than it had been and her eyes more vibrant, Dean noted leading him to one conclusion.
“And I don’t blame you for what happened six years ago. But you’re not wrong, things are different. I’m not sure how Jack will handle all this and it’s not like we can pick up where we left off. We need to reintroduce ourselves to one another. This is all gonna take time.”
They stared each other down, one alpha facing another. Though the odds were against Dean. This wasn’t his territory. He needed to end this.
“Yes ma’am.” Dean nodded, before looking at Jack. “Mom will be down in a minute. We’ll take you to the park, kay.”
“You know in another world, there are people who would be weeping tears of absolute joy to see you two together.” he smiled. “Though the ones they know are both guys. Aw well, who am I to judge?”
“No.” Sam urged taking a step forward only to pause when Dean tensed. “Dean, no. That… I wouldn’t wish that on our worst enemies.”
“I have a promise to keep,” Dean told him, reaching for his hand. “I’m here to take you home Cas, to our pack.”
The dust solidified, wrapping around their joined arms binding them tightly. It began to glow red, then white making both cry out in pain. The solid dust around Dean’s arms turned black and then the color began to travel down toward Cain. It settled around his arm, then sank into it. The dust around Dean fell away, releasing him from the trap as Cain fell to his knees in an agonized howl.
The radio had been playing idly since days forgotten at this point, but just then, Zep’s “Traveling Riverside Blues” began to wind its way through the room. Sam’s lips just barely managed to turn up at the sound of one of Dean’s favorite songs. He poured a shot of beer out for his brother, not caring that he was soiling the carpet, and then lifted the bottle in the general direction of the sky. “Here’s one for you, Big Brother. Wherever you are,” Sam whispered to his childhood companion, protector, and best friend.
“Well, damn. Alright then. We need to kill this thing or reverse it, or something. Any ideas on who it is?”
When Dean’s next words left his lips, no amusement was left to be found. “You best remember who I am, you pathetic little vermin. I only followed you because I was worried about the people I love.” Dean spared a glance back to his brother, who saw concern wrinkling the skin around his black eyes. “I may be a demon now. There’s no evading that. But I am not one of your playthings. I am what you fear most.” Dean slowly approached Crowley’s hanging form as he spoke, bringing the Blade up to his throat. Sam swore there was true fear in Crowley’s eyes now. “And most importantly of all: You are no king of mine.” He flung Crowley away with an almost disinterested stare. “Go find yourself a new whore for the night.” Crowley looked up from the ground where he landed, his eyes burning with unspent rage. But Dean ignored it all with a cool smirk. “I’m sure there are still a few left that haven’t crossed that Daddy complex driven regret of their bucket list.”
Sam sat frozen on the stool Dean had left cold, not knowing whether an unseen force or his own shock held him there. When Dean spoke, Sam’s stomach twisted in a strange mix of happiness and apprehension. He couldn’t help but feel overjoyed seeing his brother alive before him. He had to repeatedly remind himself that it really wasn’t his brother up there. It couldn’t be.
He wound his way through the tables to stand by the stool Dean had occupied. Rude and abrupt, he chased away the waitress, who shot him a nasty glare as she retreated to the kitchen. Yes, she was definitely the one who he had encountered before. Under any other circumstances, he would feel ashamed of his mistreatment of her. But he didn’t have time to waste on a simple woman’s feelings right now. He was all business as he turned to Crowley, who seemed just now to be aware of his presence.
Sam was sure now of one thing, however; Dean’s pacing was slowly moving Crowley as far away from the battered Winchester as possible. He began to cling to a renewed sense of hope that he hadn’t been mistaken in the bar, that his brother was still in there. With his next words, Sam was given his answer.
Charlie nodded and headed a few feet down the hall, but by the time he turned the knob, Dean heard the footsteps stop. He looked down to see she had stopped and seemed to be perplexed by something as she looked back toward him. She smiled as she realized she was caught.
“I actually like your hair when it’s long. It suits you better than the buzz cut Dad gave you when you were twelve.” Dean paused and cursed, causing Sam to laugh again.
“Cas! Stop!” Dean held himself still, not actually worried about the angel blade itself, more so worried about why Cas would respond this way.
“So he just let you come home? What about the cure?” Cas held him there, uncertainty and a bit of anger in his tone. Dean tried to keep himself calm, knowing he was to blame for Cas’s current mood. He would feel the same if Cas suddenly looked like a walking puffball of evil. He couldn’t blame Cas for the reaction, but he would have to talk him down if they were going to be able to move forward.
“He agreed to try it my way. I don’t want a cure, Cas. I’m better this way.” Dean tried to speak both through words and with his eyes, pleading for Cas to get it and release him. The angel definitely looked unconvinced, however.
“Because I froze as well when I first saw your new visage. It seems that we both have thrown each other off.” Dean’s grin grew wider, comforted by the knowledge that even Cas could be thrown by him. He wasn’t sure why, but he found himself feeling almost prideful about it. Then it struck him and he frowned.
Charlie kept chattering away as the four of them slowly started making their way into the bunker, and Dean couldn’t help leaning over to Sam as they walked behind, whispering, “Why do I feel like those two are going to be the death of us?” Sam said nothing response, just laughing freely as they went inside.
Dean chuckled uneasily, his stomach knotting as he realized what had happened. He embarrassedly admitted, “I may have been a bit distracted.” Cas seemed to not understand what he was trying to convey, so Dean continued, even though his life’s experience told him to shut up or change the subject. “I was sorta blinded by your grace. You’re the first angel I’ve seen since dying, Cas.”
Sam looked like he was struggling with the details, but offered, “What will it hurt to take a look? We’ve went for less.”
Cas shook his head, seemingly just as confused as Dean was. “No, I asked you multiple times, Dean. I didn’t reach you until I had repeated myself thrice.” Cas seemed so sure of this that Dean had to pause for a moment and try to replay the minutes prior. But all he could remember was the way Cas had looked coming down the stairs behind them, the way his grace had burned like the sun but also so lightly that Dean worried somewhere in the back of his mind that there was too much of it and somehow also not enough.
Dean smiled as he watched Cas walked out and close the door behind him. He couldn’t explain the feeling in his chest as Zeppelin’s
Dean watched the two leave before standing to walk off to his room. He was looking forward to his memory foam and some decent water pressure.
With that Dean turned away to face Sam as Crowley slowly picked himself up off the pavement. “This isn’t over, Dean,” Crowley threatened, though he seemed to be retreating back into the bar from where Sam was sitting.
“Yeah, kid. Still me.” The smile that stretched her face made Dean feel like it would be alright between all of them. It would just take time. “I need some sleep though, so I’ll see you in a few?”
He kept his pace slow and steady, letting the tension work itself out of his muscles, even as they began to tighten back up for other reasons. He felt his breath quicken and he smiled a bit. He couldn’t help it, he just loved the feeling of his blood pumping. Other than the taste of pie on his tongue and a full belly, orgasms were probably his favorite feeling.
The reality of the looks on Sam and Charlie’s face hit Dean hard and he fought to breathe. They were looking at him like he was a monster. There was actual fear back in their eyes. He didn’t blame them, but he couldn’t say it didn’t hurt. He wanted to make them understand that he wasn’t going to hurt them, but when he took a small step forward, he saw Charlie flinch and that did him in. One instant he was there with them, the next he was back in the bunker. He paced his room, trying to sort out exactly what just happened.
“How did you guys figure that out?” Sam’s gaze shifted from Charlie to Dean. Cas was somewhere, but of course, Dean was making sure not to make any sort of eye contact there for fear of what might happen. “I thought the bar was a bust?”
Dean shook his head before standing. He pretended it was his duty that forced him out of the chair, but he could feel the effects of the spell or curse or whatever it was inside his mind like an itch he couldn’t quite reach. He figured some space from Cas should lessen it more than anything else.
Dean didn’t really get where the case was and staring into the piles of papers on the table wasn’t really helping him tonight. He grabbed his beer, attempting to take a swig before standing to grab a new one and tossing the empty.
Dean prayed silently as he sang, willing his brother to understand. He would not be subjected to the cure. He was still himself where it counted, just a free man after a lifetime of self-loathing. Not only was his demon existence a cure for that affliction, Dean had made a startling discovery during his first week of new life: The Mark had become a non-issue. He felt no hint of the perpetual bloodlust he had come to loathe since taking it onto his arm.
“Not exactly.” Charlie pulled a page from one of the stacks, one that Dean hadn’t yet read. She handed it over to Sam, who began to take a look over the information. “I haven’t went to do interviews yet, but it almost seems like they’re telling the truth, and
Boy, life just kept on kicking however, as Cas sighed and continued, “Yes, I did.” When he didn’t immediately continue coming forth with the details, Sam found himself growing anxious. He stood and made his way to retrieve the only consumable left in the fridge: beer.
“How, Cas?” Sam’s voice was weak, trembling with an uncertainty that Sam rarely exhibited. His hand shook heavily as he ran it through his hair, a nervous habit that did little to pacify his fears. Cas sighed, both their pain and his dying grace really beginning to take their toll on his will to continue. Nevertheless, by the looks of Sam, Cas knew that he needed to be the strong one through this. Sam honestly looked worse than Cas had ever seen him, even having witnessed the aftermath of the trials. Cas pressed on, however, knowing Sam would not let it go until he had every detail, no matter how bad it would be for the both of them.
“Dean sorta can’t lie about his feelings towards... things.” Charlie gave an apologetic half-smile when Dean snapped his eyes back to her.
“If no one has any objections, I’d like to sing one more.” While he hadn’t been looking for their approval, he found a healthy amount of enthusiasm sent his way, even hearing a catcall from the kitchen. He looked back to Sam again, just as the music began to play. “This one goes out to my little brother.”
“We? Is Cas with you? I’ve been meaning to meet old Feathers for a while now. See you soon then, Bitches!” And like the whirlwind she was, Charlie cut the call, leaving Dean feeling like he had taken twenty rounds with Mr. T.
Cas froze. He couldn’t breathe. He didn’t need oxygen, but it felt like his chest would collapse. He registered the sound of Charlie’s and Sam’s knees hitting the concrete, sobs from one or both of them hitting his ears. He stood ramrod still. His mind was blank as he watched the color drain from Dean’s face, contrasted by a bright stream of blood running down his chin, as his eyes turned glassy.
It wasn’t the voice of the King of Hell that shocked Dean as he began to take in his surroundings; it was the mere fact that Dean in no uncertain terms could
Dean looked back to the doorway and didn’t miss that Sam and Charlie were staring at him with wide eyes. Cas patted him on the shoulder, and offered, “They’re just concerned and shocked. It will be fine soon enough.”
“Not exactly. We know all of the affected were couples, but past that they had very little in common.” Cas provided the intel but Dean still wasn’t convinced. He tried his best to see it, but he thought maybe that there was just nothing to be seen.
In a moment of profound cowardice, Dean retreated to the back of the stage to speak with the band. After informing them of his next song choice, he returned to the mic, squaring his shoulders. He passed a soulful stare to his brother, willing him to understand. He looked away and spoke into the mic, addressing the rest of the bar.
“You are quite a smart little hunter, aren’t you? Well, smart enough to read a bit, I assume. You surely haven’t come here to stop me have you?”
she and Cas were going to be trouble for him. Something about his best friend and more or less little sister hanging out just gave him the chills.
“Sam.” The gravelly voice he knew so well was thick and labored. Yep, Sam knew he was about to find out just how much worse life could get. “I saw the impala yesterday.”
Aphrodite laughed at Dean and his soul definitely gave away his anger at the nonchalant arrogance the goddess presented. It twisted and spiked around Dean like fire. “You foolish little humans and your threats. Do you think you can just kill a goddess? When we’re done here, you’ll be dead.” She paused, looking back at the three of them, throwing a taunt back over her shoulder. “But I’ll kill your friends first so you can watch.” She started to look back toward Dean. “Won’t that be-“ Her words were cut off as Dean charged her, throwing a punch that connected with her jaw. Cas waited for her to throw him again, but she caught him around the throat.
“Dean, I am sorry, but I forgot to thank you for saving me. I was rash in my anger.” Cas stepped farther into the room, sitting in a chair off to the side of the room. He waited for Dean to speak, not knowing how exactly to proceed.
They seemed to freeze for a moment, as Cas lowered the blade out of immediate sight and looked away in embarrassment. The silence began to press in on Dean and he said the first thing that came to mind. “Why did you go straight for my throat anyways? That sure of how evil I am?”
He was still laughing when he heard Sam’s phone start ringing, causing them to all take a breath and focus on what was going to be the new big bad thing coming for them. At least, Dean did. He couldn’t help it. Life told him that it was just perfect timing to have something blow up in their faces. He smiled though when he glanced to see Sam hit the answer button, immediately putting the phone on speaker. The caller ID calmed him just enough to keep his mouth shut for a moment.
“Doesn’t matter. I just need a favor.” Dean was hoping for a specific reaction and luckily he got it. Crowley was shocked. He had hoped to make his move while Crowley was disarmed. “I need grace. You’re never unprepared. I know you have some around here somewhere.”
“No time, Sammy, it’s Cas.” Sam’s brow furrowed and Dean felt resentment at the accusatory look Sam shot his way. “Damnit, Sam, I didn’t do anything.” Dean felt time ticking like there was a giant clock on his shoulder, counting down the seconds Cas had left. “We don’t have time for this.” Dean flitted to Sam’s side, jerking him off the bed to stand, and then flew them back to the war room. Sam looked shocked by the process and Dean knew he would have felt smug if the situation were any different. But Dean didn’t have to smack his brother today, since the younger brother seemed smart enough to take in Cas’s raggedly breathing form.
“Dean, I am sorry, but I reacted with my gut, not my brain. I know you, and I know the hurt I saw on your face. If you didn’t kill anyone, where did you get the grace?”
It was Cas’s turned to look mildly embarrassed by his admission, a smile grimace shrugging from his torso. “This was not my first time seeing your new state, Dean.” Cas paused, as if he was reluctant to say when he had seen Dean, but when the demon didn’t respond, Cas relented, “It was in the pie shop in Mckinney.” Dean felt his eyebrows raise at the admission.
?” Cas stopped, wondering if Sam had been insinuating that same thought that was now passing through his mind. Fidgeting with the lapels of his trusted trench coat, he forwent the option of flying to Dean’s room, instead walking slowly down the hall. He struggled to think of the words to say. Knowing he had probably once again stuck his foot in his mouth, as Dean said.
Dean felt his power roll inside him like a tidal wave. His wings extended out and he allowed them to beat menacingly as he started toward the bitch who ruined one of his favorite shirts. He wasn’t even sure if she could see them, but he didn’t really even give a damn at the moment. He was out for blood. Tensing just a second, he pounced, taking advantage of the shock still on her face.
Sam scoffed, and chuckled as he flipped the sheet over, “You sure, Dean? What if you had to tell the absolute truth about everything?” Dean flipped Sam off and rolled his eyes, but listened as his brother continued. “You’re thinking that they killed
His first few days as a demon had been relatively quiet, but eventually an old follower of Abbadon’s had come for Crowley. As per the usual for the King, Dean had been left to do his dirty work. Fearing the worst, he had taken down the demon with more ease than he cared to admit. That was when he had found his complete acceptance of his new state. Without the lust of The Mark, he ironically felt more human than he had in a long time.
Dean wasn’t sure why that was significant. “Charlie, people tell the truth all the time. It doesn’t usually lead to death.”
Cas’s eyes lit up and Dean felt shocked as he listened to the sound of Cas laughing. It was the lightest laugh, completely airy and light, and unlike anything he had ever heard the angel make. Cas calmed himself quickly, though the act didn’t seem too easy for him. “I am sorry, Dean. I believe your reaction was a completely appropriate one.” Cas still chuckled, and Dean couldn’t help but smile in response, the tension effectively broken between them.
Sam looked in the general direction of the rooms, before sighing and reminding Cas that he was even there at all. “Ignore him, Cas. We’re both grateful to have you back to full strength.” Cas made a mental note to correct Sam later about that, given that Sam kept talking and not allowing him to speak at this moment. “He did what he thought was right, you can’t fault him for that.” Sam seemed to think of something, but only verbalized a small portion, saying, “Do you think…” Sam raised an eyebrow to Cas, shrugging his shoulders and walking away, leaving Cas to his thoughts.
“I am in the middle of something, Dean. You know how busy of a man I am.”  Dean heard the snideness, felt the tick of time in his pocket. He wouldn’t be proud of it later, but it was easy to say: he snapped.
Crowley didn’t immediately respond and Dean almost gave in to the pressure. He wasn’t sure whether breaking his facade would mean beating the hell out of the demon before him or begging for his help. It could go either way, he knew. In moments like these, Dean wished he could somehow tap back into the Mark and use its strength to push forward.
Sam nodded and looked to Cas. “I’m going to grab a few books from the library before we go, do you have any ideas about what it might be?”
“I was just regaling our dear Moose here with some stories of your new adventures these past weeks. Explaining your true nature.” Crowley punctuated the word with another blow to Sam’s torso, breaking several ribs in the process. Sam struggled to pull in oxygen, as he begged with his eyes Dean to come to his rescue. But Dean made no move to stop Crowley’s abuse, staring lazily at the scene before him. “Care to give him a demonstration?” Crowley’s evil grin was met with a flash of black eyes and a devilish smirk from Dean. Sam knew he only had moments left on this earth.
As the second song’s notes began to work their way through the air between them, Sam studied the demon on the stage that looked like a distant memory. Not only was the song not of Dean’s usual “Greatest Hits of Mullet Rock”, Sam was decently certain that it was still playing on current hits lists. Sam didn’t know the name or the lyrics, but he was sure he had flicked past the tune a time or two when Dean had actually relinquished the radio dial.
“Of course you would think that.” Dean didn’t wait for Cas to process that before he vanished, expertly teleporting to his room in a way of escape.
Sam stood, quickly pacing the length of the table. The hope in his eyes had transformed itself into something much more dangerous, something more unhinged. “But that’s all just a guess, right? It might not be -”
There was nothing he could think of that would even lead to the assumption that Cas and he were a couple. Sure, people made jokes about Cas being his boyfriend quite often, but Dean allowed that to pass as those people were usually dicks. Plus, they weren’t serious. That had to be it, Charlie wasn’t serious. How could she be? He was the most hetero guy he knew. She had to be joking, that was that.
Dean just nods silently, before heading under the covers falling asleep in the alphas bed. It wasn't until Cas had wrapped himself up with Dean was when Dean actually fell asleep, feeling protected and cared for.
"No need to apologise for something your body is made to do." Dean just wanted to snuggle up with this alpha. "Then why don't you?" Dean looked up at the alpha, moving slowly towards him, the scent coming from the alpha was getting Deans body all hot and wet.
“Go get him then.” With that said, Bobby stood and left Dean watching the doorway that he left from. “Fucking how!?” Dean yelled back.
You didn’t question why there was a cage on Deans side of the bed, and you didn’t refuse to go in, it was a reasonable sized cage there was also a very soft pillow and blanket, so the second the cage door shut you laid down and covered half your body up as you let your exhausted body rest for the night, in a house with two killers.
But Cas soon went back to clean the mess on the carpet while Dean laid back on their bed with his legs open, it was a position Dean would do when he felt comfortable, "alright little boy, early bedtime for you!" That got a whine from the boy on the bed. "but, daddy!"
Castiel shifted himself so Dean could sit on the bed next to him. "I'll show you how its done, got it?" Dean looked at Castiel who firmly nods. Copying Deans movements, he had one hand wrapped around the shaft as he slowly stroked himself.
There was a craze in the town as the King announced the Queen was pregnant for the first time. Townspeople would whisper taking bets whether it would turn out as a boy or a girl. The king was mostly betting on a boy, a prince who he could give the throne and kingdom to when he got old. The whole nine months the Queen would still visit the townspeople enjoying their support and being thankful for what she was doing for them. It all stopped on the night the baby was born.
Castiel growled and stood up when he saw the hairs beginning to grow at the base of Deans tiny dick, making Dean stop and freeze. "Daddy?" Castiel stalked towards Dean "come, I need to do something with you." Castiel quickly left the room with Dean rushing to catch up behind. They both went into the bathroom Castiel getting a few strips of wax, he'd kept them around the house as he enjoyed pouring hot wax on his victims especially the young girls, getting rid of any hair around their pussies before making them scream when he's pounding away inside them.
"Shay the fuck?" Matthew rubbed his wrists as Shay unlocked the chains. "I'm helping, now come on I know somewhere safe place to go." Shay despite his own pain he helped Matthew stand and walk so he could return to the Winchester brothers.
But Deans father was slightly worried about Dean, as Dean turned eight his behaviour changed, his scent changed, his body changed. So Dean father took him out of a little swim, leaving Sam at a family friends.
"Stay with me?" Dean whispered to Cas who sighed. "I need to go do my hobby, but I guess that can wait for another hour or so." Castiel smiled down at Dean who made grabby hands towards him.
Sam was clearly wanted to know what Castiel had to say about his brother but he also didn't want to follow Castiel but the teacher just walked away. Castiel knew Sam wanted to know about his brother's disappearance but Castiel wasn't going to give him anything yet, so Castiel waited.
"I'm sorry, about my dads." Jensen whispered into the dark room. Misha curled up next to him on the bed. "Don't worry about it, wait til you meet mine even crazier, besides the hunting the supernatural."
After the woman's house Sam went to talked to three more women but the last people were three teenage girls.
Cas' cock slipped free from Dean, going back into the slit before going back home with Dean. Hopefully to start a family with just him, Dean and little Jimmy. Bobby had decided to stay with Jimmy, while Dean and Cas were busy mating with each other, but John stormed off back home probably to find someway to get rid of Cas, for good.
"No. But what do you wear when you're in Our bedroom, Dean?" Dean was taken back what Castiel said. "Er.. them panties?" Dean shyly asked his face heating up. "Hmm, those are optional. In this bedroom, you're allowed to wear Just those panties or you can be naked if you want to." Castiel put the towel away, returning to a still naked Dean.
"Second rule; you got to have our permission to do something, we don't want our little boy going off."
"D-Daddy, I-I'm gonna cum!" Dean felt Cas shudder, but it was Cas' next words that made Dean arch up and spill over his chest and Cas' hand. While Cas filled him up.
"There not even the worst scars, I've got more I'm surprised you haven't noticed them.. well I guess I never show you my back?" Castiel slowly shook his head, as Dean turned around so Cas could slowly peal his shirt off.
But his best friends father wouldn't allow him and Dean to be friends anymore, and his little brother Gabriel would stay with them.
Arrow shrugs holding Jay's hand, "maybe you can join in, I'll ask them, but now I must return and get my ass whipped."
Skidding to a stop shifting back, turning and seeing three Alphas who were actually staring at him in surprise. "Uhh... Heh, you killed it?" Jesse watched their surprised faces go into their what seemed to be their pissed off faces gesturing to the car which the Omega slowly walked towards preparing himself.
Dean could only lie there panting, wrapping his legs tightly around Castiel when he felt him being to pull out, “no, stay in, please. Use me again,” Dean whispered into the sweaty neck kissing where his collar bone was.
Dean was pushed forward into the small crowd of alphas, who touched his body. "Damn this boy, responds good, John you got yourself a good son!" The alphas hands left Deans body making Dean make a noise he's never heard before. "Shit he's in heat, why'd you bring him, you know how dangerous that is!"
Dean was slightly panting when he teased his rim with a finger, the video was now halfway through the Omega whining and moaning on his hands and knees, presenting himself to the Alpha who was starting to slide into the Omega. "Ca.. Casss!" Dean growled out as his hips rocking up, his small cock rubbing against the soft pillow.
"Will you actually have sex with me next time?" Sams tired voice spoke out in the quiet room. "Anything ya wan Sammy, now we gotta have a shower. Round two Jensen?" Dean took one look at Sam seeing he was already fast asleep.
The alpha would sit behind his desk, Dean would stay sat on a pillow by the desk. Well that was what Dean was ordered to do. "Daddy, am I going home with you?" Dean was spread out on the floor on his back with his legs wide open.
The door opened "Dean? why you here," Dean sighed telling her what happened, she had told her daughter to take Deans bag to the room he would be borrowing for as long as he wanted.
"Thanks Jo.." Dean gave a small smile while walking in the room "No problem and maybe you can help me with the little coffee shop that we own." nodding his head Dean agreed he will probably need something to get his mind of the whole family shit...
"Ah, ah, no buts, Bed, Now!" Cas clearly wasn't having any as he went downstairs to get Dean something to drink before he went to bed, it was either a glass of milk or a glass of water.
"Hmm, well most of the cast now know we have a new toy to play with, it's nothing new." Jensen spoke out like it was an everyday thing, Dean once again blushed. Misha strolled back in, with clothes that looked like a child would wear. Dean was instantly placed on the floor on his back, his legs were held up while, someone put a diaper on him. "Oh come on.."
“Cas! Ohh fuck, Cas, knot me. Please, knot!” Dean couldn’t control his mouth as he begged his nails digging into the back on the alpha, uncrossing his feet relaxing his whole body letting the alpha fuck him, feeling the knot start to swell and the thrusting getting hard Dean tried to meet but his body wouldn’t allow it.
"A-Arrow, that's my name. I just got your number off a guy who said you could help, but it would probably be better if someone who knew what they were doing to get this. Right?" Arrow could only hear a sigh and a mumble.
Sorry for the long wait but I've been a little busy and writing this up again. Hope this chapter will be good and again sorry for not updating sooner. :(
Arrow breathed only to see his breath, freezing on the spot Arrow held his breath waiting. Hearing feet skidding on the floor and a scream before the room went back to the right temperature. Arrow moved silently towards a blood puddle on the floor around a boy who had his throat slit, the sight of blood had Arrow falling over backwards just as a teacher ran in the room catching Arrows towel to cover his naked body.
"What were you doing on the side of the road?" Castiel asked wanting to know how would leave a kid like this on his own on Christmas for god sake!
Dean didn’t know if he wanted to drop to his knees or run away. All he knew was he didn’t expect the voice that came from the man was going to sound like that.
Dean was wondering around the floor, there were two bedrooms, for some reason, a small living room area, white couches were placed in the middle.
His hand picked up the pace listening to each small whimper, whisper and moans coming from his precious boy. "Cum for me Dean," Dean gasped as he arched into the hand just as he dick spurted out his release.
"Looks like we'll be sh-" Sam started but cut off by Dean. "Oh hell no! If we have to share then I'd rather sleep in the car!" Dean and Sam started arguing with each other while Chase just sat on one of the beds watching them, waiting. They ended up sharing.
"Cas... Can we... Can I.. Kiss you?" Dean lifted his head slowly wiping his tears away, "if you want to kiss me, then you can.." Dean didn't think as he pulled Cas to his lips kissing him softly, "mhmm... Cas" pulling away they looked at each other under the moonlight and the stars. "thanks.. I think we need to head back now?" chuckling to himself Dean stood up with Cas, holding his hand all the way back until they reached the gates of the school "well time to go threw the gates of hell," rolling his eyes,Dean got handed a small piece of paper with Cas' number on "text me whenever you need me". Dean and Cas went their separate ways, Dean to his dorm, Cas to his car to drive to his apartment. Watching Cas leave in his car Dean ran to his room grabbing his back stuffing clothes and other things he thought he'll need for the drive.
"Cuz I said so," Misha had a mischievous look in his eye. "Whatever, also Jensen told me about the supernatural!" Jensen growled as Misha spoke up after a long silence.
But before they could open their mouths Arrows mother came around the corner, "Ah! There you are got the soup, Arrow?" She smiled at the two men who's eyes glued right back to Arrow who was confused. "Soup? I forgot which one you said..." Arrow saw his mother roll her eyes before grabbing one of the shelf dragging Arrow away.
"He comin' so ma mom, dunno 'bout John tho," Dean sighed as he felt Cas' hand run through his hair. "mmm, Cas I'm hard..." Dean turned to look up at Cas who just smiled. "Then let me fix that then," Cas wasted no time running his finger tips down Deans chest before his hand disappeared under the covers, into Dean pj bottoms.
Obviously got this idea from the song 'Angel'. Hope you guys enjoy the emotional roller-coaster that you'll be stuck on. ;)
"Don't worry baby, I just need to have a little chat with your father, that is all." Dean hides behind his Daddy all the way to his fathers office. No other alphas bothered looking in their direction.
It was a quick hunt, but Dean wasn't satisfied completely he wanted to see what Shay could do, but all Shay did was put the lighter into the hole so the ghost would stop trying to kill Dean. Not thinking too much of it Dean just drove home in silence with the mystery angel demon on his backseat.
Jesse, 18, an college football player, thanks to his dad, and him hiding his Omega scent ever since he presented, he also was pretending to be friends with the rest of the football team. Its not that he didn't like them he just preferred a smaller group of people, that weren't all Alphas, despite how he acted with his teammates personally Jesse actually enjoyed the quiet time he had.
Castiel watched Dean stare at the blood trailing down the girl's chest, he knew Dean enjoyed biting and rough sex, but he never thought anything from it leaning towards Lucifer to whisper into his brother's ear. "Lucifer, I wanna test somethings out with my boy toy, undo her left arm for a moment." Lucifer glanced over to Dean also seeing him in a trance at the blood, only for his head to snap up as Castiel cleared his throat.
Jared, Jensen and Misha were all having a rather normal day, until some random guy appeared out of no where, passed out on the floor. The guy was wearing the exact same clothes that Jensen would wear for Dean.
"S-Sorry Alpha." Dean whimpered arms shaking as he held himself up. "But I am going to give you what you need now." Castiel didn't even bother to prep Dean before pushing himself in the tight hole causing Dean to moan as his arms gave out and fall forward.
He was flipped onto his back laid out on the couch spread open. He would have screamed when he was speared by the killer's cock, he gripped onto the arms of the man above him, looking up into blue eyes that went darker a smirk showing on his face.
"Well, home sweet home. Also, Misha are your parents ever asking about you?" Dean asked as the boys got out the car. Misha snorted "no, not really. they are way too busy with work to think about me." Misha didn't care about his parents all that much since they didn't seem to care about him.
Arrow turned to the brothers. "Um, she's good right?" Arrow asked just above a whisper, Dean only smirked "kisser or not a monster?"
"No it isn't! People like reptiles and lizard things, don't they?" Dean pulled a face at a bearded dragon or something. "Ooo what about that one!?" Dean pushed Sam out the way to view a small lizard.
Castiel spent his time at the popular bar where other criminals, and outlaws like him would go for a few drinks, girls, guys or even make dangerous deals. So that was where Castiel hung out whenever he needed to lay low and stock up on supplies, also he would spy on the two
"What? Another what!?" Dean snapped at Cas. "He has some angel grace and demon blood inside him. Don't ask me how that works, because I don't know but his body and mind will change, but he'll still have his human soul, which is a good thing for us."  Cas explained to his panicking husband. "Alright, let's just get him home. He'll be safer there." Said Dean quietly to the people in the room. Cas and Dean were in the Impala with Jensen on the backseat, where Sam drove Jensens car with Misha.
"Nah, I kinda like you but I didn't know if you were gay, so we could get to know each other before we fuck in front of a camera and shit..."
"Don't worry your safe from John," Mary said to calm Dean. Cas was hiding away in the kitchen as Dean let his mother and brother settle in.
Castiel did, however, have a job, he was a high school teacher, so every day he would always be scanning his classes for his next victim.
Dean had built a nice friendship with Jimmy, he would take Jimmy to the school that was on land, sometimes he would watch Jimmy play on the beach while Cas would work on his writing, apparently Castiel liked writing on land more then the water, as it was getting more noticeable. Dean just enjoyed spending time from the water.
Standing up to get himself ready for school Jensen didn't bother showering today, just pulled on his clothes, heading out his room to find the rest of his family. Finding Dean on his laptop, watching something Jensen didn't know. "Uh, Dean?" Jensen nudged his dad who seemed a bit startled slamming his laptop shut before standing up. "Oh you're already ready, get your bag then lets go."
"Sure Sammy, come on" Dean quickly got himself ready for bed, pealing back the covers for Sam to get in before him. Cuddling with Sam his parents still arguing. until Deans door slammed open. "Sam! Quit sleeping with the faggot, go to your room!" The words hit Dean as he felt like somebody dropped a brick on him. Tears entered Deans eyes, but he held them back, as he didn't want his little brother seeing him weak.
Carefully stripping off taking one in the corner which seemed to hide him the best, Arrow began to clean the sweat and muck that was gathered up during one lesson. Sounds of water hitting the tiles on the floor were the only sound in the quiet room, but Arrow noticed it was oddly.. cold?
"Dean how old are you?" Cas spoke behind the book he was still reading "I'm 19, How old are you?" Dean cockily spoke out "Oh, you're 19, I thought you were 7." Cas got a playful nudge from Dean "also I'm only 25."
"No thank you Dean, now sleep you need it." Castiel smiled resting his head on the pillows before pulling the bed covers over them both.
"Well, ya found me thanks to the little shit bag in the corner." The demon spat black eyes glared at Connor before switching back to normal. "Leave him out of this, you killed his mom!" Dean barked at the demon who just laughed. "The bitch had it coming, she was a hunter. And oh she fucked a fuck boy and a mistake was made in the process!"
Dean whined through the whole damn thing, but one girl kept him company half way through. Cas even came to him again licking him on his nose from time to time. "Alright, time to go, huh, Dean looks like you've got a new friend." Sam softly spoke to Dean who had his head in the blonde girls lap. "Well, I hope you find her, and if you need anyone to look after your pets while you're looking then, I'll gladly help!"
"Its Christmas and nobody wants me..." Cas felt his heart break for the Omega sitting down by Dean stroking his hair.
"Daddy?" Dean looked confused as Castiel cleaned up the cum from him. "You were naughty today, interrupting Daddys work with his brother. So naughty boys don't come, got that?" Castiel looked at Dean who nods slowly.
They continued the love sessions until they both had passed out in each others arms, their wings wrapped around each other.
"Jensen, T or D" Dean smirks when Jensen chose Dare. "Wait we playing the kiddie one or Adult Version?" Dean wanted to make sure. "Adult version."
"So, since you already know about Dean and me. We were interested in having another person join us... You came to mind but we don't your sexual preference or kinks." Arrow looked between Dean and Cas, hands still protectively over himself. "Um... You know this isn't probably the best way to do it... but now I'm curious, and you usually ask for the sexual shit..." Arrow didn't realise he was moving his hands as he spoke revealing himself until he saw Dean half smile whereas Cas was full right out smirking.
"I'm also a gay porn star, before you ask" Dean nods dragging Cas into his apartment. "Also why have you dragged me into your apartment?"
"Come on shift, so we can get this over with." Jesse mother patted his head softly walking down their driveway as Jesse quickly shifts and walks quickly to keep up with his mom.
"D-Dean..." Arrow whimpered as Dean crawled over to lay on his front, pressing a kiss to Arrows lips. "Shhh, you're doing great, just gotta relax a little can you do that?" Dean whispered before Arrow tapped Cas' head quickly crawled over Deans back slotting his smaller cock in Deans crack biting back a groan and Castiel went back to eating his ass.
“Dean please, you’ve been walking around like a lost boy for a week now,” Castiel saw the boy bite his lip before opening his mouth and closing it again. “You can tell me, I wouldn’t judge you.” Castiel put down his book so he can give Dean his full attention.
The bathroom door opened meaning Castiel had walked in drawing back the shower curtain, seeing Dean curled up on the floor of the shower. "Oh Dean," Castiel whispered softly, removing his own clothes before stepping in.
"Thank you Cas," Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' middle hugging him. "I'll anything for you Dean, you know that." Castiel smiled down at the boy hugging him. Castiel would do anything for Dean, and Dean knew that which made him trust Cas so much more then he should. "I need you tonight, please?" Dean looked up at Cas who just nodded while patting his head.
"Heey, lil freak..." A boy, Jay, was around Arrows age strolled towards him smirking with his buds. "Gonna fight back today, or be a baby?" The boy always seemed to enjoy stepping into Arrows personal space, but as usual, Arrow kept his mouth shut to take what he was given.
Dean was made to make eye contact as Castiel brought him to look at him, kissing his gently moaning at the taste of his blood inside Deans mouth. "I loved it Dean, I..." Castiel smiled down at Dean who had tears in his eyes, "let's go to sleep ok?" Castiel walked off to the bathroom, sighing as he gripped the counter.
"Truth I've told you my secret job, tell me yours," rolling his eyes Cas sighed "yeah, I moved here to get a job but I don't know where to get one.." Dean pulled Cas' door shut while pulling Cas to his door.
Chase growled at himself when he woke up not bothering to check the time, seeing himself still in his clothes and not actually in the bed making him groan, getting off the bed to shed his clothes off, apart from his boxers, before getting under the warm covers. Trying to ignore the semi he had in his pants.
He paused again as he realized what that might mean for him moving forward. He felt a wave of panic hit him, but he kept his features calm in front of Crowley. What did this mean for his relationships? Was he a threat, a danger, to Sam and Cas now that he was free of guilt? He felt the urge to run, to hide himself away where he would be free from them, no worries about whether his new life would cause them harm. He slid off the side of his bed, taking in his bedroom one last time, before turning to face the demon beside him.
Cas tried to respond. Dean would have given a snappy comeback of some kind, but Cas couldn’t seem to control his mouth.
"Not yet Dean, I'll wait until I take you home, to our home." Cas gently tilted Deans head up so he was looking at him, and so he could see his blush. "Ok, Daddy."
Dean watched every single seconds go by, as he sat on his Daddy's lap while his Daddy's cock was buried deep inside him.
“What are you apologising for? You enjoy food, so enjoy it.” Castiel smiled at Dean who blushed even more but they continued to eat in comfortable silence. They even washed up together, then sat down to watch tv.
When the glow slowly settled down Dean suddenly jumped "C-Cas, what did you do?" Dean was still in a daze it wasn't until John shot forward attacking Cas. "You stupid alpha! What the hell, you can't take him!" Cas backed away the scent of fear was around Cas, coming from Jimmy. "d-dad... 'm scared." it was bobby who dragged John away from Cas, Dean slowly swan towards Cas, his eyes were blown. "Oh no!" They were the last words Cas said when Dean grabbed hold of Cas dragging him through the water. Until they were out of sight.
"No... and nobody has told me anything else, I'm a little scared to be on my own tonight... Might need some hero to save me" she joked winking at Castiel, who was confused turning his attention to Dean, who made an odd sound and waved his arms pathetically towards Cas. "Well... I'll make sure you get to know what's going on and call this number... if you need to."
Chase took his shirt off with touches to his nipples, Chase knew what he liked but he also knew he probably should speed himself up if he wanted to get himself off tonight. Just when he was getting ready to undo his jeans he heard the familiar sound of the car, getting his shirt back on while closing the window on the laptop as well as closing it.
Lucifer was slightly jealous of the way Deans body just flopped as soon as he knew he was going to be used, Sam was still resisting never just gave into Lucifer even with all the torture he went through Lucifer was beyond impressed but also pissed at the same time, but he dealt with it, it was more fun for the two gagging him forcing him into positions they wouldn’t get to be able to use with just them on their own.
Deans heart started beating faster shit, does he know about my real job is?They had stopped in front of Cas' door.
“Pretty Boy,” Cas murmured hands running over the pale skin that was exposed to him, he knew the Winchester didn’t enjoy this position but for Cas he loved, it showed off the boys bare ass better. The shiver from the boy wasn’t anything new Cas just figured if he ran his hand over a certain spot it made his boy feel good, which it clearly was if the one look between the boy's legs was anything to go off. “Hard already? Barely even touched you boy,” Castiel commented out loud only barely registering the whine from the kid earning his a slap on his rear causing him to let out one of the best sounds Castiel had ever heard, none of his killings had made a notice to make him hard as a rock in under a minute.
Castiel carried Dean to bed, as soon as the door closed Dean was nuzzling against Castiel's neck. "Dean its bedtime, baby."
Dean moans when the first finger enters his hole, the second finger entered Dean whimpers at the pain but it was replaced by pleasure when Cas hit something inside him.
"God, what am I going to do." Castiel whispered to a giggling Dean, wrapping his tail around Cas. "Hmm, think while we return home." Dean kissed Cas before swimming back to the kids, taking Honour from Luna so they could swim home.
More weeks went by Castiel forced himself out the house to go the store again, keeping his wolf down which was hoping to see the said Omega that had been on his mind for the whole time.
Which Dean thought was dumb but didn’t question it since this was going to be his life in a few years, asking his alphas permission to leave the house.
"He's always talked liked that and yet I never actually knew the reason why myself, so I'm afraid I can't answer that for you." Castiel stroked Deans head seeing him close his eyes. "Time for bed little one?" Castiel asked as he chuckled as the boy only grunted, but he ended up carrying Dean to bed Castiel put Dean in one of his shirts to sleep in before he got in the bed himself.
"Just my dad didn't like his son being an omega... that's it..." Dean whispered out but he was glad Cas didn't ask again.
Dean sniffed around him "y-you an alpha?" The guy nodded with a smile before turning to look at Dean. "I'm Castiel, but you may call me Cas, if it is easier for you."
"Spread them open baby boy." Castiel tapped Deans legged that opened quickly allowing Castiel in between them, praising Dean the whole time he worked him open enough for his cock. Dean moaning loud when Castiel entered the tight heat "daddy, your big!" Deans arms were soon wrapped around Cas' neck and his legs around Cas' waist as Castiel moved.
"You better be good, Gabriel you know what to do with him if he's naughty right?" Sam just listened in the back "yes, Gabriel knows what he has to do!"
Dean woke up sweating, and alone in the bed, looking around the room the sun barely shining through the window as Dean slid out from under the covers. Walking out the bedroom padding down the wooden stairs to the kitchen, hoping he would find Castiel.
Dean groaned as Gabriel move off him "wait, you're getting hard!" Sam laughs as Benny joined in but the look Dean gave them shut them up instantly. "Well we gonna go out tonight you wanna come Dean-o?" Dean shook his head as he stared at nothing but the ceiling, he wanted to be alone tonight just him and his thoughts. Once his brother, Gabe and Benny went he locked the door quickly.
The voices belonged to Sam and Dean, Cas was standing by the table facing the bed. Connor got up so he could hopefully stop them talking about whatever it was. "Ah, you are awake! How about we take you back home, sound good?" Dean gave an awkward smile while Connor just grunted walking to the door. "I'll just go home by myself thank you very much." But Connor got dragged back in the room by Dean. "You just told us you have a possible demon living with you, yet you're just going back there without any help?"
Dean gripped the sheets tightly in his hands Castiel didn't stop, his knot banging on Deans rim just demanding to tie them together, Castiels mouth was near Deans neck teeth scraping at his skin lightly. "My Omega. Tell me who you belong to.." Castiel growled in Deans ear.
"But the thing I want to do wont let me do the things I want!" Misha pouted, Jensen rolling his eyes. "What do you want to do?" Jensen asked once he calmed himself. "Well, I found something.. But would you agree to do it?" Misha was moving closer.
Sam ended up burning and burying two bodied that week. At least his brother and Cas would now be at peace wherever they maybe.
Castiel was born with a blue and black tail, the deeper Cas went the darker his tail would go. Cas was proud of his tail, but he didn't like showing it off like the others would.
Dean had a little blue flowers on his green tail, while Castiel had little green flowers on his. The rings they placed on each others fingers were pearl white in colour, with a green gem for Castiel and a deep blue gem for Dean.
"Dean, hard, I need it hard!" Jensen begged as Dean was pulling out his fingers from Jensen before lining his cock up with his ass.
"Mhmm, good boy, I think your ready." Cas let go of Deans hair, trailing kisses down Deans back, which he had pulled off Dean, trying it around his arms. Once Cas reached Deans ass, he placed kisses everywhere but his small tight hole. "Dean, keep moving you won't get anything," Dean whimpered, but he bit his lip, remembering the other rule. Not to make a noise. "You can make a sound Dean, but keep in mind that the walls in this room are thin."
"Dean you'll get a kid eventually, you just have to wait." Sam said to his brother after a few days seeing how his brother seemed a little down. "Yeah, I know Sammy, now what's this case ya got?"
"what are we at a sleepover party now?" Dean was enjoying teasing both men, but he would actually mind playing with them. "Well we are now! Lets play Truth or Dare!" Jensen and Dean could sense that Misha was planning something but they agreed to play anyway.
"Dean? Take them off, please?" Chase wasn't very controlling in the bedroom, Dean chuckled at Chase's politeness, but did as he was told helping Chase takes his own off. Lying down which ended up Chase confused, until Dean nudged him telling Chase to sit on him. Chase seemed to get the idea then.
"Sammy? Sammy!?" Sam blinked not realising he was spaced out, Jensen had his hand on his shoulder, the grip wasn't hard or anything but it made Sam have a warm feeling surrounding him. "Yeah?" Sam looked towards Jensen, who looked worried and confused. "You good, me and Dean are gonna get some food ya want anythin?" Jen asked Sam. "No thanks," Sam wanted to be alone right now to sort out his little problem down below.
Cas woke up on his bed made of sand, he had decided to move away, as far from Dean as possible but even that wasn't far enough. Cas was lonely, he didn't even talk to the other mermen and mermaids he just swam past not even looking in their direction. Cas would see his brother every now and then until he was dragged away again, he got a small job that was cleaning out the water, as humans would just dump all the rubbish into the water, making it dirty. The job didn't pay that much, not until Cas discovered something that humans called a book, which gave Cas an idea which was maybe he could write a book. So that's what he did, he created a little book about somebody being taken away. Cas wasn't that successful at first, it wasn't until his third book, people began taking interest in his books. So now Cas was now a successful Alpha, but he didn't feel successful, he was missing something. More like someone.
Walking faster off trail with whatever it is following him. Turning around he comes face to face with an Angel, stepping back he's never met an Angel before this one feels powerful. "Hello, Dean." The voice rumbles through Dean, his tail curled around his right leg.
"Cas, he's looking for a job and he's gay," Dean was speaking for Cas who just stood in the room, a bit out of place.
"He means this, now stand up and bend over," Misha came back with a clear butt plug. "Seriously!" Dean groaned as he was helped off Cas, and was now bending over, hissing as the plug slid into his over sensitive ass hole. "Hey, every cockslut needs one, you should know that Dean." Jensen patted Deans head who slapped his hand away. but that got him a slap on the ass. "No, Dean be a good bitch, or you wont get our cocks." Dean groaned. "but I wanna be a good bitch..."
Castiel somehow went against his word about not touching Dean tonight as his tongue was inside his mouth, with whatever was on the tv in the background. Letting Dean sit in his lap was also the worst idea he's had as the brat purposely didn't sit still. "Daddy, will you touch me more?" Dean pulled away while panting. "How can I not touch my lit-" Castiel was cut off by a knock at the door and a tense Dean in his lap. "Bedroom."
"He might be hungry Cas." Bobby advised Cas who looked blankly at Bobby. "How do I feed him?" Castiel looked from Bobby to Dean who was waiting on Cas to feed him. "There was some of that weird baby food in that bag I gave you."
"Also I love you Dean," Castiel let out a chuckle when Dean wrapped his arms around his neck. "I can't say that, yet."
"Baby boy, Daddy needs you to be quiet." Daddy used his alpha voice as Dean tries to quietens himself down. "B-But I need... please I need it Daddy," Dean whimpers as his Daddy hums behind him.
Dean was hoping the Alpha he’ll mate would just accept him as he was and doesn’t want to be treated as your personally trained house omega.
So that's how Arrow was stuck in one of the classrooms by himself, with one of the teachers who hated him. "Arrow, how many times do I have to have you inside my classroom, at least do something useful and go give or drop this off at the Principles office." Arrow sighed grabbing the pieces of paper, heading in the direction of the office.. just as the lights flickered, running out the room.
Dean was brought out his thoughts when Sam moved sitting in Gabriel's lap, still looking at Castiel's hand that hand disappeared in Deans panties.
"Alright, since Matthew and Sam are busy being besties and researching these Demons, and Cas has been touching your wings for the past few days. I would like to have some time with you." Dean sat down on a couch beside Shay who was figuring out how to turn a tv on. "That seems fair. What would you like to do with me Dean?" Shay couldn't have sounded so innocent even if he tried.
Looking at the killer you felt fear for the second time being around him, you were still fighting against him even if it was making this situation worse. The hand around your neck got tighter and tighter your hands scrabble to latch onto something, it ended up being the collar of his coat.
Sam soon informed Dean, the same information. All the people who had gone missing were both genders but they all seemed around the same age. "Could we get food Sam? I'm starving!" Dean said, stopping Sam mid sentence but he soon carried on once they all were seated inside a close diner. Dean ordered himself coffee, while Sam didn't order anything neither did Cas.
Castiel spread Dean cheeks apart having a look at the damage he'd done. "Ooh the redness has gone down, think you can try those panties on now?" Castiel let his finger gently go over the little-puckered hole smiling at the reaction, Dean jumping in his lap as a squeal was let out from the damn kid. "Erm Daddy? Can I put my panties on now?" Castiel let go for Deans ass letting him up watching Dean awkwardly walk over to the panties that were on the floor.
"Wheres Dean?" Jensen asked when he was seated in Cas' car, driving back to the bunker. "Don't worry Dean is at the bunker with Sam, they sent me on a supply run and that's when I had the call from one of your teachers to come fetch you, because you got in a fight?" Cas asked with a tilt of the head.
Castiel still had the blade he used on the girl in hand, twirling it around in his hand in front of his boys face. "You will bow to me, otherwise this small simple little blade will slice into your skin, so I can hear the wonderful sounds you precious mouth makes for me." Castiel saw the shudder Dean did after his words, making him let out a small chuckle bringing his face closer to his crotch. “Get to work.” Castiel knew the threat would work on Dean since he was a pleaser but also a brat when wants.
As Castiel returned he growled at Dean."You don't mate with Humans!" Castiel glared at Dean, looking into the Demons black eyes.
Deans ass was aching so was his dick. "Get the fuck away from me!" Dean was a stubborn boy, he knew that. Castiel put up his own wings stepping towards Dean slowly, hoping Dean would back down, he did once he hit the wall. "Cas..." Deans black eyes glared at Castiels blue eyes.
There were a lot more alphas around today as the new boss was around, nobody had actually seen him. Well they've seen small glances at the alpha, apparently he was an alpha.
Well that was until Cas had enough of Dean and his prancing around the house, Cas was the Alpha of the house as his dad was away, so he needs to keep Dean under control.
Dean understood and nods quickly as other students piled in the classroom, Castiel walked to the front again getting class started.
"Neither, they balance each other out. My soul helps out with that as well - also yes I have a soul - I shouldn't but I do." Shay could feel excitement coming from Sam not knowing why he was excited confused Shay. "Sorry, Sam is a bit of a nerd when it comes to this kinda shit, also put those on so we don't have to see your dick flopping around." Dean threw clothes at Shay who flapped his wings making them appear on his body, apart from the shirt that he had to cut holes into before he could put it on.
special boy Dean, and I would like to make you mine." Castiel sneered out, hand moving up an inch on the boy's thigh, noticing the worried look coming from the boy.
"Just hold on to me, I've got you." That was the only reasonable sentence coming out of their mouths for a while. As the Alpha moved with the Omega gripping onto his arm they both knew they wouldn't last long tonight, as the knot began growing before Jesse could finish his first orgasm, his second was ripped out from him when Deans knot went past his rim, locking them together, spilling cum into the boy as well as an them both not expecting the teeth to sink into the Omegas neck..
At twenty Dean was still working for his dad's friend, but everything was different. He wasn’t allowed to work on the cars only pick up the phone if someone called in to bring their car in, he wasn’t even allowed to leave the small office he was stuck in, phone calls and paperwork were the only way Dean was making money to that was made only to keep up with paying his half of the rent for an apartment he shared with his best friend that had to be an Alpha for him to even live there.
"Why the hell, did you two show up?" She snapped at them both, they looked behind them at Arrow who was shaking "s-she was touching me..." he whimpered grabbing hold of Deans jacket, as the lights flickered...
I was sad and anxious, as I came up with this idea.. It's just something that's randomly came to mind... you can comment or you know.
"Okay, whats my no go words?" Cas tilted his head "just tell us what you want to call us by, and we'll tell you if we agree or not, got that?" Dean shudders at the intense glare Cas was giving him. "Yes, sir..."
"So, why do we need him, Bobby? Not like this little thing can do much for us." The tallest man, Chase still didn't know their names, in the mood glared at Chase when he talked. "Didn't even want to come here," Chase mumbled, getting another glare.
"Alright, you better be good! Got everything, Jen?" Jensen hummed at Dean, before getting himself out the car before he felt an arm around his shoulder. "Hey, Mr Winchester!" Chris waved a Dean to which Dean waved back. "Alright come on, Jensen lets go!" Chris yanked Jensen forward making him move his feet.
Dean was strolling through the store not really paying that much attention as he knew where most of the crap he needed was, but he was forced to pay attention when he bashed into another cart. Whispering a curse under his breath he glanced up to stare at the man only for him to stare at him with his mouth open.
"Where do you want to start? And how much detail do you want, cuz its not very nice." Dean placed his hand over Castiel's as he wrapped his hand with Deans. "Tell me everything, and go in as much detail as you want, if you don't want to go into much detail, I'll understand." Castiel kissed Deans head as he talked like Dean was a frightened baby animal.
"Finally what?" Cas had let his grip on Dean go a little "I've waited all week for this, why'd ya think I've been wearing hardly any clothes? I've even moaned your name while I came on the stupid toys I've bought!"
Dean dropped everything running to Jensens side untying him as he fell in Deans arms, Dean sighed as he felt Jensen breathing against his neck while carrying his son back to the car, while telling Sam to drive Jensens car to the motel. "Dad, what was she doing to me?" Jensen coughed out next to Dean. "Not sure, lets just get you to Cas alright?" Dean only heard the thud of Jensens head against the car window.
Dean was gripping the sofa with a deadly grip with the constant banging against his prostate he knew he was gonna blow sooner than he’d like to force himself to hold back just a while longer until he couldn’t hold it releasing all over the sofa but keeping himself open for Castiel to use him, tilting his head back to mutter into Daddy’s ear. “Daddy, cum for me. Please, breed me.”
Castiel places his hands on the boy's hips guiding himself to slide into the tight heat with his head dropping forward on Deans back as he slowly inched his way in. The small movements Dean was making brought him back but Dean wasn’t fucking himself on Castiels cock he was still cutting up his father up pleasing Castiel more. Doing a thrust every time Dean made the blade slice open the skin. Castiel glances where they were joined he couldn’t help but bite his lip at the bloody mess between the two, Dean was jerking himself every so often with the blood that was released Castiel also used it earlier since he had nothing else to use.
Shay left the body to take a quick look at the one with marks all over her body, top the girls head was missing, tongue cut out, and the neck was cut open. Looking at the age of the girl she had just turned 20, she probably had the worst death of them all. Shay took a look at the other victims ages, they were all around the same age, 19 to 21.
"Ahh, alright Cas just knock on my door if ya need any help or if your bored, because I know I get bored on my own..." Cas again smiles as Dean left his apartment watching him walking into his apartment.
"Seriously Dean, we can't leave you for 30 minutes?" Sam walked towards them putting an old disgusting blanket over them both. "HEy, he smelt good! Better then any other Omega, and now he's mine so piss off." Dean pouted after speaking which Jesse kissed him making a little smile appear instead.
“I-i am so sorry,” Dean stutters out and squeaks out blushing with embarrassment as he heard the man chuckle at him. Way to go me, embarrass yourself in front of the hot guy. He’d try to ignore the voice inside his head.
" Shay sighed he was gripping onto the arms of the chair. "Shit! Sor- OH..." Dean walked around the front panicking but froze when he saw the look on Shays face.
“Kill time? Cuz I met the most annoying bitch ever, she’s young but she doesn’t have blonde hair and her voice is so annoying, but one good thing about her is,” Dean lent forward getting eye contact from Cas before continuing with a smirk on his face, “her screams sound so…
"Will you.. uh, stay with me then?" Connor awkwardly stumbled over the words, but not missing that Dean agreed to stay with him for a while. "Oh okay." Connor found sleep easy that time, the warmth from Deans body and the arms wrapped around him were comforting.
Castiel didn't have time to react as he was shoved up against his front door with Lucifers hand around his throat, "you've gone soft Cas, maybe I should toughen you up and remember what you are." Castiel saw Dean in the corner of his eye, as he continued to glare at his brother.
Sam was dragged through a house by Lucifer who took him to a bedroom. Sam looked around quickly but there wasn't anywhere he could escape from easily. "Gabriel! You are staying with him for a few minutes!" Lucifer smiled down at Sam who looked terrified. "Yes, yes Gabriel will stay with the toy!"
Dean walked up to the big window but he didn't look out for long since every time he would feel a little nervous, Dean didn't like heights that much, so walking away from the window he decided to sit in the chair. The chair he wasn't really allowed to be sat on. Dean propped his feet on the desk so he could spread his legs open.
Dean refused the food that was coming to his mouth, but he soon opened up when a hand was placed somewhere he wasn't used to a hand other than his own. "Good boy, now a few more then we can have another little chat, right Dean?" Dean nodded quickly, now opening his mouth for more food not knowing how hungry he was, and what Castiel made was the best food he's had. "More?" Dean opened his mouth, waiting for the last few forkfuls to enter his mouth.
"Arrow, calm down OK? Just breathe." The face of his teacher soon came into view as well as the body with a white sheet over it. "W-What happened?" Arrow weakly asked. "We don't know but I need you to put your clothes on so I can take you to your dad who is outside, got that?" Arrow numbly nodded, reaching his clothes that had been waiting patiently for him like an hour ago.
Jensen let go of Deans hair, as Dean popped of his cock. "Mmm, that ain't that bad!" Dean smirked at his brother but Jensen was focused the problem in between Deans legs, Silently lifting his legs up showing off his ass to Dean. "You wanna fuck me Dean?"
Pulling out the fingers Castiel used Deans slick before entering the omega, making eye contact almost silently asking Dean if he was still a hundred per cent sure.
Once they reached the bar they headed straight for the bar ordering two beers before sitting down, well Jensen went to sit down, Dean went to play pool across the room. Jensen was halfway through his second beer when he saw Dean getting close to a girl. Something inside Jensen heated up, every time he looked at Dean who was now kissing the girl.
"Others will kill you if they know you're alive you know." Matthew muttered as he brought a wing around. "I know, but they can't kill me if I kill them first." Shay huffed and hissed as he touched the swollen bone of his wing. Hearing footsteps coming into the room Shay waved at Castiel who rushed towards him.
I think I may need to change the title as they are not really little anymore, but i'm keeping it for now!
Dean just blinked but made a move to stand up. "Want to wash?" Dean shook his head slowly finally standing to step towards the older man, his smaller body fitting nest to his, turning around finally allowing Castiel to look after him.
"Why not? Screw my dad! Cas come on, also your scent it getting so strong!" Dean leaned in closer, but Cas leaned back knowing exactly what was happening "Dean you need to go back home," Cas put out his arm to keep Dean from coming closer, his friends scent was already effecting him. "Why? Cas whats going on with me, why does this tingle, and ache?" Dean groaned as he place a hand near his slit where he keeps his dick, and small hole which apparently where an Alpha puts his dick when you mate. "Cas??" Dean was freaking out but Cas lifted his head up, so he was looking directly at deep, dark, ocean blue eyes which calmed him down. "You're going into heat, Dean, that's whats happening to you!"
Arrow unsure what he was doing wrapped his lips around Dean choking on him, Dean pulled him off as he whined at them both, "gimme!" Arrow hissed but eyes widen at his behaviour. "Little kitty needs his milk?" Arrow growled glaring at them both. Putting his mouth back around Dean without choking on it this time adding a moan closing his eyes as he hears Dean lets out low moan, but he pulled off patting the bed at both sides of him wanting them both to lie down, which they did as soon as Arrow saw both their backs hit the mattress, Arrow got on his knees as one hand went around Castiel, the other went around the base of Deans letting his mouth get to work.
"Takes a long time, since I have bigger wings then most normal angels." Shay had to close his eyes as Dean moved closer towards his back where the wing comes out his back. "
Dean rubbed a hand over his stomach. Cas suddenly fell forward, wrapping his arm and tail around Dean. "Dean, I'm secretly glad he's gone.. But I want to know what he did to you, because there's something you're not telling me," Cas cupped Deans face bringing him closer. "Ok, but lets wait until Jimmy has gone to bed, cuz there's somethings he doesn't need to heard, also how did John die?"
“Castiel, Castiel Novak. That’s my name.” Castiel answered tilting his head as he watched Dean eat his food like he hadn’t eaten in months.
Tonight they were at a bar, Chase wasn't relaxed at all. "You alright, Chay?" Dean gave him the nickname since he uses it to tease him. "Y-Yeah, just never been to a bar before." Sam was the one reassuring Chase. "It's fine, don't have to do anything just have a few drinks with us." Chase nodded.
"Yes, I give you my consent." Dean said as confidently as he could get at this moment. Castiel smiled his hand removing from Deans leg rushing from the room leaving a confused Dean tied on the bed.
"Correct, so hopefully we won't have any problems." Sam smiled while testing Chase if he knew what killed what. Dean was just watching and listening to them.
Dean was still figuring out how to get his paws under his control, Cas seemed to figure it out easy, so why can't he? Dean could tell Cas was watching his every move from the table he was currently sat on. But Dean blamed that his tail was putting him off every time he walked. Starting off another barking fit at the closed door as Dean heard a little rattle of the door knob.
"They have a name right?" Dean asked quietly. "Starky? Is that a good name?" Castiel held the gecko in his palm studying them.
"Wanna touch your horny brother Jen? I know you want to." Dean let out a ridiculously loud moan, when he wrapped his own hand around his dick. "Jen!"
"Fuck!" Jensen rolled over from his front to his back, looking up at Chris who was smiling at him. Misha was being held back by Chris' friends only to watch Jensen to get beaten up by Chris again, but Jensen growled as Chris was thrown off from Jensen. "What the fuck!?" Chris shouted while running off with his friends getting as far away as possible from Jensen.
"Well you have to be at least 18 you know that, so you'll be around 18 to 25, I also had another idea but I wouldn't even think you'd like it."
Opening the door Dean was greeted with a playroom. "What's this room for?" Dean watched his Alpha smile. "This is your safe room, I made it especially for you. Nothing bad will happen in his room, if you feel you need space and relax then come here. I wont come in unless you tell me to." Dean nodded while looking around the room, finding a soft bed in the corner.
John turned the lock on the door, before he stood behind Dean. "I'm going to make sure you remember to get more suppressants - ah don't make a sound Dean - otherwise you'll be the bitch you're supposed to be." Dean could feel his eyes starting to tear up.
"But it killed my mom!" Connor fell backwards on the bed as his legs gave out. "Dean... demons are here, maybe his dad is one." Sam pulled Dean back as Connor grunted his way in a seating position on the bed. "Stepdad, he ain't my dad he's a dickbag." Connor spat as trench coat guy took hold of his face. "What are you doing, I'm fine!" Connor slapped the guy's hands away. "He's an angel he knows what he's doing, go on Cas." Dean smiled at Connors surprised look. "Angels are real too?"
The three had to stop to give their horses a rest from the road and hot sun. Castiel slumped down on a rock pouring water on his face, Dean watched silently from patting Chevy, where as Sam was on lookout.
The Winchesters and Castiel don't know whats going on, but they know this one will changed their lives forever.
"To talk about our jobs, us, me, you." Cas looked around Dean's place it was just a tiny bit bigger than Cas' but other than that it was the same. "I could get you a job at the place I work at, I need to pick a gay person to fuck me but you seem like a good one, so would you like to?"
"What did you wish for?" Dean spoke as Cas looked over at him "if I told you it might not come true, and I hope it will," Dean smiled looking up at the stars "I like the stars..." Dean breathed out just above a whisper making Cas pull him closer, "what you doing for your three weeks off?" Cas asked Dean as they lent back on the grass. "Just seeing my family, which I don't really want to go... well I want to go I just don't want to see one person," Dean shudders as he thought of his dad. "Personal?" Cas had shifted his position so he was looking at Dean better. "yup, tell you when I'm ready but you can't flip your shit when I tell you."
Arrow panted as he jogged back to the bunker slamming the door shut, Sam was sat at the table laughing at him. "Enjoy your run?" Sam asked with a smile, "no, why the hell did I take your advice." he growled, running off to find Dean who was in his room.
"Hmm, I love you Cas. Forever.." Dean rubbed his head on Cas' chest. "I love you Dean, Forever and always.." cas kissed Dean on the top of Deans head, who had fallen asleep. Cas fell asleep shortly after.
"Go on, explore Dean," Castiel smirked holding out the girl's arm, pleased that Dean didn't hesitate as his mouth latched on to the cut causing the filthiest moan to come out of the boy. "Damn you get the best fuck toy ever!?" Lucifer eyed Dean as he cleaned up the rest of the blood, before lifting his head licking his lips looking up at Castiel with a grin.
Dean woke up in sweat, his body was changing because he was an Omega. Which means he's gonna be a horny little shit these three weeks.
"So you just going to leave me alone, well with Misha?" Jensen looked up to his dad who was growing taller standing at Deans chest. "Well bet you could find something to entertain yourselves?" Jensen sighed after the list of things Dean was rambling on about "ok, we'll be fine, but you will try and call every night right?"
"Guess you can be as loud as ya want now." Dean chuckled, hitting the spot inside Chase again. "Then make me scream Dean. Go on, fuck me as you mean it." Chase purposely poked at Dean, until he got the reaction he wanted, Dean pounding into him. Chase was holding onto the headboard opening his legs wider letting Dean use him. "Dean... I-I'm close.." Chase panted as Dean got faster. "Come for me then, baby boy." Chase moaned as Dean lent down to kiss him while wrapping a hand around his dick, jerking him until he came over his chest, ass tightening around Dean making him pull out to finish himself off over Chase's chest. "Fuck,fuckfuckk." Dean groaned completing himself cum over Chase.
“All this fuss, because you met someone but didn’t get their number or name and you can’t stop thinking about them?” Dean glared at Bobby who was staring at him with a grin.
Sam had quickly removed him clothes, as soon as he heard the car pulling away, gripping the base of his small dick before picturing his brothers towering over him as he laid out before them, Sam wouldn't like anything better then to be laid out naked for his brothers. Sighing as his hand began to move along his shaft, his eyes soon shot open when he heard the rumble of the car.
"someone gotta boyfriend!" Dean blushed while trying to get his phone. "So who is he?" Once Jo found something out she would want to know all about it. "He's my teacher... and His names Castiel, but I call him Cas." Dean was moving around the room putting his clothes on.
It was an early morning Tuesday, Dean woke up first like every other morning, to make Castiel so breakfast. Some days Dean would have a nice comfy lie in, with Cas in the kitchen. But this Tuesday Dean decided to wake up and be an annoying little shit towards Castiel. The reason why Dean was behaving this way was because him and Cas would have to go back to school, with Castiel being Deans teacher again.
Gabriel was standing beside the couch Lucifer moved around the back of Sam yanking his pants to his knees, Dean frowned as he watched Lucifer take out his cock with a look down at his brother he placed a hand on his head to keep him down on his dick.
Arrow had seen Sam and Dean walking around the school again, asking other students about the "missing people". He just chose to ignore them, until now as they were once again looking around the office. "Arrow... thought you'd be at home?" Principal asked him as he walked through the door acting calmly, "I was but I got in trouble and these are for you, could I take those two for a moment?" Arrow gently placed the papers on the desk while gesturing to the two brothers.
“I have only let Dean be himself, did you know he had a lovely little murderous side,” Castiel growled out, standing behind Dean pulling him to his chest. Whatever he was planning on doing to Dean, Dean knew it was gonna be fucked up which turned Dean on to the point where he automatically spreads his legs a little as he waits.
his most recent conquest. Every day since Dean’s death, Cas had visited a different pie shop, trying one pie at each location.
. There she sat in all her beauty, pristine as the last time he had gazed upon her. Cas was not even concerned that it could be a look-alike - Baby possessed unique energy about her that Cas could not describe. He theorized that it came from all the years of love Dean, like his father before him, had given to her. Cas just stood there, ignoring everything around him, wondering where she had been these past weeks. Baby had disappeared the same night that Dean’s body had.
Sammy had found him. How he had missed that Moose of a man in here, he would never be able to say. Sam turned towards him at that moment and Dean felt his eyes shift to black. His breath caught in his throat as he forced his eyes back to their natural green. While many in the bar knew what he was, he continued to play it safe, a lifetime of hunting being hard to break. He knew he should head off the stage and confront the spiritual demons in the room, but for the first time since the night he had died, he actually felt fear. He had avoided this confrontation for as long as he could, and now that his brother had tracked him down, he wasn’t ready to face him.
“Oh my god, Castiel!” She bounced over to him and pulled him into a hug, which gave Cas an avenue to give Dean a completely confused look. “I’ve wanted to meet you for so long! I thought you’d be taller though! Chuck got the eyes right, though didn’t he?”
Cas was by his side in an instant, looking shocked, terrified, and relieved all at once. “Dean, are you alright?” The demon nodded, trying to stand on his own, but stumbling now that the adrenaline wasn’t pumping so hard.
Sam nearly dropped the bottle for the rage that filled his chest. “Crowley has one of his cronies using my brother’s body…
Sam’s knuckles were white as he gripped the forgotten bottle in his hands. Anger and rage pulsed through his veins, burning away the whimsical air that had taken hold of his mourning. Hatred emerged once again, his ever-present companion since the loss of his brother. They had lost each other before, but this time was different. He had tried his usual plan of attack: summon a demon, make the deal. However, Crowley had never come. Sam wasn’t even sure what he would have offered the King of Hell, had he shown.
“Why you still feel the need to hide your porn, I’ll never know.” Sam’s stomach dropped as the words left his lips. “You felt the need…” He corrected himself, realizing that it was the first time he had erroneously used the present tense to refer to his brother since Metatron had murdered him.
Dean scoffed, stepping away, not meeting Cas’s gaze. “Don’t worry about it, Cas. All that matters is that you’re ok.” Dean began walking away, when Cas felt his frustration come to a head.
“Who was it?” Cas snapped, feeling a strangely powerful lash of anger. “While I do appreciate then sentiment, what I have just been forced into is the equivalent to cannibalism. Which brother have you killed?”
He looked down, somehow knowing at that moment how to tell his brain to shut off the part that could now see all of the supernatural wonders, and focused on the physical aspects of the moment. He took them in quick succession, trying hard to comprehend what was now happening.
Dean’s face turned confused for just a moment before realization struck in the form of Aphrodite’s free hand as it plunged straight through Dean’s chest and out his back, his heart in her hand.
As the words traveled to him from his brother’s lips, he gained the understanding that Dean was attempting to send him a message. This specific song seemed to be an ode to their current situation - or more appropriately, Dean’s.
Dean decided abruptly that he had to act. This was something he could handle. It wasn’ a lost cause yet. He could fix this. He just needed help. He did what he hated, teleporting himself into Sam’s room as quickly as he could. He had a passing thought about the word, definitely wanting to take the time to explain to Sam that they had no idea how teleporting worked. When human, he had thought that the process was instantaneous. Bam boom, he would suddenly be in a different place. But now that he was doing it for himself, he knew it was more like flying, but faster than he could even describe. It was jarring whenever he did so, and generally avoided it. But walking to Sam’s room would have taken too long. He thought suddenly that he should ask Cas what he thought it was like. Was it even the same for angels? Perhaps he was different? Dean shook himself and focused. A mere second had passed since he had been in the room and Sam finally looked up from the book he had been reading.
“I will ask once more, Dean: Where is Sam?” Cas pressed just a bit harder to emphasize his point, and Dean tried to find his voice, which seemed to be lodged in his throat at the moment.
“Wait, I didn’t respond? Yes, I did, Cas. As soon as you asked where Sam was. But you already had your blade at my throat by then.” Dean tried to keep his confusion from turning to annoyance, which of course he always found too easy with Cas. He was always the person who seemed to keep him riding a rollercoaster of calming thoughts and possible explosive confusion. He never really understood what it was about Cas that did that to him though. He really probably needed to think about it, but he pushed that away for later.
Cas seemed to struggle to find an answer, but finally, something passed behind his eyes that Dean didn’t recognize and he spoke. “You’re right, Dean. You wouldn’t do anything to hurt him.” Dean relaxed as the words came out of his mouth, and he felt his eyes switch back to green as he seemed to blink for the first time in minutes. He stood for a moment, not sure how to proceed past the awkwardness they suddenly were standing in. “Dean, would you mind letting me free from the wall?” Dean jerked back, for the first time realizing just how close their bodies had been. He hadn’t processed just how close their hips had been to one another while they had been on the edge of fighting one another. He stepped away with a small shrug of apology, moving to lean back against the war table, trying not to show how he felt about their contact and the strangeness in his chest he began to feel at the loss of it.
But if it was, why was he so worked up over it? Why was it that he had never seen anything between them, and now that Charlie opened her big mouth, he was suddenly doubting himself? He tilted his head back to wash out the shampoo and took a deep breath. He knew what it was. He was pent up. He hadn’t been out bar hopping for a quick fling in weeks. With everything going on, it made sense, but he realized now he was itching for release. He wasn’t usually one to take care of the issue himself, as he was unopposed to one night stands and just went trolling when the need hit him. But it wasn’t exactly the most opportune time, so he leaned back against the shower wall and steadied himself, taking his cock in his hand.
“The only person I interacted with was the bartender, but I watched her make the drinks. She didn’t roofie me or anything.”
Sam spun on his heel, his rage boiling over toward his only remaining friend. “What I want to know is why you even came back here. We could have met up, wherever you were. We could have rid that demon from my brother’s body by now. I’d have my brother’s body back right now if you had just called me the moment you found the bastard!” Sam took a step towards Cas, finally releasing all the pain and sorrow he had kept locked inside over the past forty-three days.
He told himself that, with his dying grace quickly fading away, he had nothing better to do with his time left on Earth. But secretly, he knew better than that. Eating these pies, even surrounded by others enjoying the desserts, he felt close to his lost friend. He always left a single piece behind, untouched. He knew Dean would never be there to eat that final slice, but like Sam, he held an insane hope. It was completely unjustified and absurd, he knew that. But no one ever claimed hope was rational. Nor did anyone say that about love.
. But it could not be. Cas knew that Sam would not make a mistake like thinking his brother was dead when he really was not.
started to play, but it was a pleasant feeling, so he decided to ride the wave. He didn’t have to think about his feelings tonight, instead, he could just lay back and relax at last. He was finally home.
Dean almost snapped at Cas to quit fidgeting when he glanced sideways and caught the angel taking off his suit jacket and vest. Luckily when the words left his lips, they were barely a whisper and easily overlooked. “You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me right now.” Lord help him, he had a damned Zeppelin shirt on. Someone kill him now. He caught the grin Charlie failed to hide and he got it. She had snaked her way into Cas’s wardrobe to give Dean a reason to give in. He had to hand it to her, she was good. She was also quickly earning a spot on his hit list, but she was good.
With a heavy heart, Sam killed the engine. There was no point in prolonging the torture ahead. As he approached the bar’s entrance, he caught the sounds of a mediocre band and someone doing horrible vocals. His eyes read a sign on the door as he pulled the handle, “Wednesday - KARAOKE NIGHT” written in sloppy handwriting on it. And wouldn’t you know it, just Sammy’s luck - it just had to be Wednesday.
Charlie stepped forward, a look of amused shock on her face. “Oh honey, you can’t be that thick.” Dean shook his head. She couldn’t be thinking that.
Dean felt himself be thrown across the room just before he got the ropes completely cut off Charlie’s wrists. The air rushed from his lungs as he hit the wall, and while he didn’t need it, it was still as unpleasant as hell. His gaze left his family, knowing Sammy would take care of it and he turned his eyes to the monster before him, shocked to see it as a beautifully deadly looking brunette woman in Greek robes.
Yet there went his brother, no look of dread in his eyes, instead an old playful shimmer that Sam had long thought dead. Dean whispered something to the band before approaching the mic, a deadly prowl in his hips as he walked. He shot a lecherous grin to the waitress as she took his spot on the bar stool. Dean closed his eyes for a moment and looked to be steadying himself. Sam realized his breath was shallow as he waited to see what the demon would do.
Sam couldn’t believe his eyes as he watched the demon next to Crowley. Dean looked more alive and at ease than Sam could remember since they were kids. Even then, Sam could still remember Dean being too old for his skin, always on guard to protect his younger brother. But that all had been stripped away, and Dean didn’t seem to be carrying that constant weight on his shoulders anymore. If Sam hadn’t known better, he would swear his brother had an identical twin. It was just downright unnerving to watch him laughing it up with the King of Hell.
“Trust me, it was nothing, Cas. I told Crowley I’d take hell if he didn't make the deal. He couldn’t risk that I was serious.”
“It’s his grace.” Sam seemed to take this at face value, looking just as grim as Dean felt. He grasped at anything he could, trying to think of where Metatron could have taken Cas’s grace. Was there even anything left? They had been told there was, but could Metatron be trusted? Dean’s head whirled, thoughts spinning out of control until one floored him by the simplicity of it.
“Well, not much surprises me anymore. Not since I met the two of you, anyways. Too many teeth on my old boss kinda does that to a girl.” Dean smiled at the quip and went to clap Charlie on the shoulder, pulling back and playing it off as an involuntary twitch when he noticed she flinched away. He kept his distance, forcing the smile to stay on his lips and not show her how much that hurt him. Charlie distracted herself quickly though, finally noticing that Cas had been there the whole time in all the commotion.
“Yes, Dean, it is a ‘big deal’. Why would you go and make a deal with Crowley? You know how every deal the two of you have ever made has ended.”
Cas wandered back toward the bunker, feeling discomfort in his chest. Anxiety wracked his body as he waited to hear from Sam, wishing the younger Winchester would keep him up to date. He had wanted to go with him to the bar, help him secure Dean and bring him home. He trusted Sam entirely, it was Dean that was the wild card in all of this. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but he felt something strange when he saw the elder Winchester in the pie shop.
Feel free to leave a kudos or comment. Especially if you have any suggestions that could help me be a better storyteller!
He leaned against the counter, letting his new life wash over him fully for the first time since his brother passed. He pulled the phone from his pocket, reading the date on the display. Forty-three. That was the number of days his brother had been dead. Forty-three days that Sam had been alone in this world. Dean should have been long buried by now. He would have been, had Sam been strong enough to stay sober and find his body.
Sam twisted the bottle in his hands. The beer in the dark glass had long grown warm, but Sam didn’t really seem to notice. His right thumb was absently picking at the torn corner of a label Sam hadn’t stopped to read. He had found himself once again sitting on the floor of Dean’s room, as he had every passing day since the body had vanished. Sam wished he had just buried his brother, not leaving him to be taken by one of Crowley’s goons. That had almost been as painful as holding his brother as his last breath had left him.
“You forgot one thing.” Cas couldn’t process the sound of Dean’s voice, coming through clear as day, though sounding like it was through gritted teeth. Aphrodite looked back at him, frozen as shock replaced the taunting on her features. “Demon now, a little less breakable. A lot more pissed off.” Dean gave a good kick and mental shove with his soul to dislodge himself from her grasp and arm. The goddess stumbled back away from him as he hit the concrete hard. Cas couldn’t believe the sight his eyes beheld. Dean pulled himself up to his knees and he watched as the demon brought his hand up to his gaping hole of a chest. Dean’s soul rippled and flared around him and he let out a demonic roar and the hole healed itself.
Charlie listed the coordinates, giving Dean a general idea that the small town was deep in the heart of corn country: Small Town USA, Indiana. Dean sighed, not really getting any excitement from where they were headed. He stretched his shoulder, watching as Sam stood more quickly than he expected.
“No time tonight, Cherry Pie,” he said gruffly. He had nicknamed the waitress that on their first night here after catching her hips bouncing through the tables to the tune. She hadn’t seemed to mind. In fact, she had decided to show him just what it meant to taste so good he could cry from it.
Sam’s gaze drifted back to the stage as the music ended, meeting his brother’s face for the first time in just under a month. His stomach dropped as brown eyes met endless black.
This time the look that crossed Charlie’s brow was contemplative, “Well, I was just wondering about something is all. I get why you and Sam are still single.” Dean almost took offense, but Charlie laughed and waved her hand at him. “No, I mean why you’ve chosen the bachelor’s life. Hunting doesn’t really let you have a normal relationship, ya know? But I just wondered, if two hunters were attracted to one another, would they stand a chance?” Charlie’s tone had turned serious, but Dean couldn’t help himself.
With Dean gone and his belly continuously filled with sugary confections, Cas allowed himself to accept that he had loved the elder Winchester. It had been slowly growing inside him since he had pulled Dean from perdition those many years ago, but it burned inside him now like a wildfire. Small signs of it had littered their time together, evidence to Cas of his feelings for the hunter. But he had chosen to ignore them all, reminding himself that Dean would never return his interest.
Charlie sheepishly met Dean’s graze. “I’m sorry how I reacted to your new… lifestyle choice?” Charlie sort of shrugged and Dean shook his head at her turn of phrase, but let her continue. “It was a bit of a shock.”
Cas stood, holding up his hands in surrender, approaching Sam the way one would a frightened animal. “It was not
Sam gave him the look that said ‘Don’t tell me I didn’t warn ya’ but stayed silent for the last half a mile. Down at the edge of the bunker’s garage drive, Charlie stood against her car, looking down at her phone, but at the sound of the tired coming close, Dean watched as she looked up and then cocked her head in a weird look of disbelief.
Cas swung his legs over the edge of the table, taking in the state of his vessel and grace. He felt much better than he had in the last moments he remembered. For a small moment, Cas felt a sense of relief, the horrible ache of his impending death having lessened. But then his mind began to process the impossibility of the situation and he realized what must have happened.
“Sorry, Sammy. Don’t know about you, but I’m just as much in a hurry to see Charlie as I am to be back in my home. I want a shower and a three-day nap in my own bed.”
. He belted the lyrics with abandon, perfectly reaching even the highest of notes. He showed no hint of insecurity as he performed.
“Sure thing, Boris.” With a simple flick of his wrist, Dean sent the two goons smoking out of their meatsuits into the air around them. Another sent them pooling into the ground, leaving a scorch mark where they hit. With the loss of their grip on his body, Sam tensed himself as best he could for the incoming impact on the pavement, but it never came. Instead, he felt as if a hand was slowly lowering him down and backwards against the building. The eyes he met in his brother’s skull were still black as coal, but he swore they begged for his trust in that moment. Sam pressed himself against the wall as Crowley spun to face Dean full on with a violent hiss.
“Wait, you didn’t freeze though. You pulled your blade, Cas.” Dean tried to think when Cas could mean, but he was coming up empty-handed.
Charlie shook her head. “Five of the vics were, but three were the partners of someone who was affected. And two were suicides, one of each.”
“Honestly, Sam, I’m not completely sure. The best guess I have is that the Mark is to blame for this. There were rumors that Cain made a deal with Lucifer, but that may not have been a complete truth.” Cas paused, allowing the thoughts he had been harboring to process themselves in a clear manner. If he did not concentrate, he found his grief would take him down into spirals of despair. “I have begun to believe that The Mark cannot be killed, thus when the host dies, The Mark protects the vessel by creating a new demon to reside within it.”
Cas felt his heart leap and fall both at once, trepidation in his movements and he back his descent again, watching for the elder Winchester to turn the corner. Dean stepped into view, a beer in hand, a questioning look on his face. But Cas watched his soul instead, really taking a moment to process how the elder Winchester’s soul presented itself now.
It didn’t take long for him to realize his usual mental pictures weren’t enough this time. His arm was starting to ache a bit and he was feeling no closer to release. So he switched it up from old flings and loves and started building from his imagination. His thoughts produced brown hair and blue eyes, pushing him closer, he imagined sweet dirty nothings being whispered, and he felt his gut tighten. But as he felt himself lose control, he processed that the image that did it for him was the scratching of stubble on his chest as a mouth devilishly tickled his skin.
“But… he can’t…” Sam’s legs trembled below him, and Cas moved toward him, realizing where this was headed. He grabbed Sam around the shoulders, just a moment before his legs gave way beneath him. They stumbled, the forgotten bottle shattering on the hardwood floor, and Cas lowered Sam back into the chair he had left moments before. Cas sat back down at the table, resting his head in his hands.
to do anything. We’ve discussed this.” Dean watched as Crowley situated himself back into a proper position on the throne. He could see the contempt there. But he also felt Crowley’s mind turning at the possibilities.
“I believe the phrase is ‘right place, right time’? I chose to…” Cas paused as if to consider his words, “honor your memory by partaking in the consumption of pie. I had tried a new flavor each day since your death when I found you there in Texas.” Dean felt his heart swell at the thought that Cas would feel that need with him gone. Though he wasn’t entirely sure what Cas believed it meant.
? No of course not.” Dean paused as if nonchalant again, but kept his mind on the prize. “Was it fun, though? Of course. Remember, I don’t
But Dean held his ground as he approached. He didn’t let on how much his skin crawled. How attuned to the phone in his pocket he was. How fast his heart would be beating right now if he were still alive. He pasted a grin on his lips, but kept it from his eyes, trying to convey that Crowley shouldn’t mess with him tonight. But it couldn’t be that easy. Could it? No, Crowley had to push him, had to be an idiot and waste the little time he had.
“Sammy.” The name left Dean’s lips like a prayer as he saw his brother’s body slump into unconsciousness. He sighed as he began checking his brother over. Crowley really had done a number on him. A busted upper lip, broken ribs, a probable concussion. Maybe more. He stood and lifted Sam’s body over his shoulder. He grunted under the weight, letting out a weak chuckle. Even as a demon, his brother really was a Moose.
“Wait.” She pleaded with him as he pinned her high on the wall. He hadn’t even noticed his feet leaving the ground, but he now suspended both of them in the air, his hand wrapped around her throat. “Killing me won’t end the spell.” Dean paused, waiting for her pitiful attempt to weasel her way out of this. “You tell the angel the truth and you’re free. Or you release me and I’ll let you out of it.” She looked nervous, even scared. But Dean didn’t even give it time to sink in before giving her his answer.
Stepping into the show he shivered at the cold porcelain of the tub below his toes before twisting on the water. The spray was icy as it hit his skin and he chuckled. Sam had always told him when they were kids that he was weird for not warming the shower first, but Dean couldn’t imagine doing it any other way anymore. After all was said and done, a good shock of cold water went a long way to wake him up many nights and sober him when mornings came too soon. As the water heated up, he also reminded himself that you can’t really appreciate warmth until you’ve been cold.
Dean felt his heart race as he took a breath, just before he began his song. He couldn’t believe he was about to do this. But as the words began to leave his lips, he couldn’t contain the grin that came with them. He let the music consume him, taking him far from the dank little bar he was in.
Sam let the engine idle as he sat alone in the car, staring at the dive bar ahead of him. The sign proclaimed the seedy establishment to be The Blue Bird, “Home of the World’s Best Curly Fries”. Sam seriously doubted that. This place was even a bit low for their standards, but it was where his brother’s trail had gone dead. Sam hadn’t wasted any time leaving the bunker after Cas had given him the rest of the details.
The man hung his head as he left the stage, which Sam realized held the band he had heard earlier, playing backup for the poor souls who tried to perform for the drunks in the crowd. Sam had been so wrapped up in Dean that he hadn’t even noticed the band when he first arrived. He shook his head, trying his damnedest to get it back in the game.
It might seem odd, he knew that other demons had seemed thrown if they heard, but Dean had not set a toe back into Hell since he had died. Since Cas pulled him out of the pit, actually. But he knew that the only possible solution was currently down in the depths and for Cas, he would go where he hated.
Dean sat up slowly, taking in the current situation. He had died, there was no denying that. But now, due to the Mark he was confident, he sat in his bed as a demon. He felt power like nothing he had ever dreamed of in his chest, and for just one second of time, he forgot finally what had tormented him for years. The guilt of his choices was finally off his shoulders, and he could breathe.
“Naw, let me check it out first.” When Sam attempted to rebuttal him, Dean kept talking. “Look, I’m basically invincible, so there’s no point in arguing. I’ll go down and check out the buildings and if I find anything I’ll call you guys.” He didn’t give them time to question him. He headed out as quickly as his feet would take him out the door.
“What happened?” Sam rushed to his side, but Dean hung back just a tad, struggling with the idea that they might be losing him. The very fact that he had wasted the last few weeks and not spent it with those that were most important to him ached through him. He felt like this was all his fault once again. If he had just dealt with his own issues, perhaps he would have found a way to restore Cas’s grace before it could have gotten this bad. Maybe he would have- “Dean!” Dean looked up to Sam’s face, breaking out of his internal struggle.
I want to thank Nonexistenz for the wonderful art for this. It was a pleasure working with you, and I sincerely love your art. I hope we can work together again.
What appeared to be one of the bar’s waitresses, maybe the one who served him but he couldn’t remember, took the stage next, a mischievous grin playing wildly on her young face. “I’m calling you out, Dean!” She laughed into the mic, causing Sam to choke on the water he had been sipping. “For the last week all we’ve heard from you is heckles. It’s about time you get up here and show us what you got!” She stood on the stage, tapping her toe in a mockery of a clock, waiting for his brother to approach. She’d be waiting a long ass time, if Sam knew his brother.
Dean felt his irritation build but he tried to squash it down, tried to keep a level head about himself. It would be quicker to follow the rules, he knew that. “I’m requesting an audience, Crowley.” He kept his features neutral, but it was almost a losing battle when he saw the humor in Crowley’s eyes.
“Sam, watch him. I’ll be back as fast as I can.” He stepped into Sam’s personal space, pressing his hand into his pocket.
Crowley’s eyes flashed red in warning. His voice shook with undeniable power. “Knight or not, boy, I made you and I can end you!” Dean chuckled at the threat they both knew held no value at this point. He brought up the arm that held the Blade in a quick motion, while Sam watched his brother in awe. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing with his own eyes. Dean seemed so in control of himself that it left Sam dumbfounded. Crowley’s body flew through the air, hitting the brick building hard enough to crack the wall behind him. Dean kept him suspended in the air, several feet from the ground.
“Dean, Sam is correct. I believe we should at least give it an honest attempt.” Dean couldn’t fight Cas on it, he’d give him that.
“Did you have to do that?” Crowley spat, pulling a handkerchief from his pocket, wiping at his face. Dean chuckled and approached the throne with certainty in his steps.
Dean slowed as he felt his feet skim the dank that spanned just before the throne room, coming to a stop just before the doors. He rolled his shoulders, preparing himself for the inevitable torment that would be coming as soon as he stepped forward. He pushed down the anxiety he felt and instead flipped his eyes to black, for once wanting to feel the power of the demon taint in his blood flowing through him. He exhaled and then forced his strength forward, throwing open the doors before him with his mind. He chose to move with just a small extra flourish as he entered, hovering as he sent a strong gust of power forward with his wings. He rarely connected to this part of himself, but tonight it was necessary. It was the strongest part of himself, and he needed strength above all else.
“Let’s Liar, Liar this bitch.” He ignored the confusion on her face and grabbed the pen off the table, checked quickly what color it was, and then said, “This pen is red.” No stuttering or weird pronunciation, even though it was clearly blue. Maybe he wasn’t affected. Maybe it had been a loose tongue for a moment. He looked hopefully back to Charlie. “I have the hots for my best friend.” Except he tried to deny that adamantly so that translated to a big fat nope. He couldn’t lie about that.
“Might be nothing, but I thought we might try looking for a pattern.” The three boys leaned in in unison to check what she had discovered. Nothing immediately popped out for Dean. “There was no obvious pattern at first, but then I saw what was directly in the middle of where all the cases supposedly began.” Dean took a closer look before Sam answered the question for him.
Standing and shaking himself off, he stared off into the distance, following where Dean had disappeared with Metatron.
Six beers later and too many pages, Cas made a small grunt that caught their attention. He looked up briefly before relaying the text below his fingertips. “I believe we might be dealing with a goddess. Aphrodite has been written to have forced untold secrets and feelings out into the open. Many times these tales depict it as an act to bring lovers together, however, there are depictions that have darker tones and endings.”
I feel weird knowing this is done. I have had this story in my head for a long time, but I was able to work out all the details with my artist, Nonexistenz.
“Does it matter, Cas? You’re alive, that’s all that matters.” Dean’s dismissive tone struck Cas in just the wrong way, and he felt a surge of frustration.
Dean had tried to stay calm when he’d found his room destroyed by stale beer and broken bottles. He couldn’t be mad at Sam - it was his fault after all for taking off, right? He had agreed with himself on that in the beginning. But after three straight hours of scrubbing at the walls and carpet and vacuuming up shards of glass and throwing out his ruined stereo, he just couldn’t keep himself from feeling just a tad bit peeved at the situation. From what he remembered, he at least had the common decency to drink himself stupid in the sanctity of his own room when he did so. He never violated Sam’s space like this. Maybe he hadn’t punched the younger one enough when they were younger. Maybe it wasn’t too late to change that.
Dean choked on air. No, really. Air. Because it couldn’t be that he was shocked by what Charlie had just insinuated. “I don’t know what you mean.”
The final notes of the band were still reverberating through the amps as his boots hit the sticky cement. He quickly approach Cyndi at the bar, who flashed him a seductive smile. If only he had the time to use those lips the way he had several times over the past week. He cut her off before she could make him an offer he couldn’t refuse.
As he felt his breathing slow closer to normal, he opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling of the shower.
Dean chuckled to himself, feeling lighter even in his frustration as he headed toward the kitchen. He hoped Sam had at least had the forethought to restock before coming to get him. That’s the least he could ask by being pulled from his new life right?
