know. There was no way I could have known that he’d forgotten to take his dosage this morning,” Sherlock responds, and John is grateful that Sherlock is so good at ad-libbing this way. “I’m his colleague, not his minder. I thought it might have been something quite serious – as it could have been, had he not had his medication with him. I’m well aware of the protocols and policies here, but this was a medical emergency, or could have become one in short order.”
“It would, yes,” John retorts, leaning over Sherlock to say it, and Mycroft sighs and subsides, then turns to Lestrade, presumably to vent his complaints to him.
John looks across at him, feeling the same dizzy wave of warmth that he can’t get seem to get used to wash through him again. “Yeah?”
But then John nods, exhaling. “Me too,” he says, his voice still all breath. “So much, Sherlock. This is – incredible. You can – yeah. Like that. Oh
“Believe it,” he says, caressing the smooth skin of Sherlock’s back. “I’m here. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Thoughtful,” Sherlock says, leaning over to kiss him. “This looks delicious.” It does: Mrs Hudson has made them waffles and crepes, the latter served rolled up with chocolate spread and strawberries inside, and there’s a dish of cut strawberries and a bowl of whipped cream for the waffles. There’s also a pot of tea and two cups, so John pours and sets the teapot itself on the night table for stability’s sake.
John looks over at him in surprise. “All right, then, if you’re sure,” he says. “I was going to put her in the red dress that’s on my dresser up there. And she might need a changing. Sure you wouldn’t rather I went?”
Sherlock shrugs slightly, almost apologetic. “It was – rough. Everything that happened. I know it’s been ten days, but we haven’t really talked about it this way. Are you all right?”
Later, they unwind themselves and get off the bed. “Do you want to bring any of this down?” Sherlock asks.
Mrs Hudson looks up and him and smiles, but doesn’t stop reading the book. Rosie reaches out and mashes the book’s pages with her small, but very determined fists. Sherlock stands where he is, listening, and only when the book is over does Mrs Hudson acknowledge him. “Hello Sherlock,” she says, then bends her mouth to the child’s ear. “Look, it’s Sherlock!” she coos.
John waits, but when Sherlock doesn’t elaborate, he prods him. “Go on,” he says. “Tell me more. What did you have for dinner? What about the drink beforehand? What about – the rest of it? Come on: spill.”
Relieved, I kiss him again. After, I remind myself about the communication thing. It would be easier not to discuss it all in detail, but I want him to be comfortable. “I’d like to try what you did for me last night, at the factory,” I say, very specifically so that he’ll get exactly what I mean, that I want to blow him. “Can I? Is that something you’d like to try?”
The movers show up that afternoon with all of John and Rosie’s things. Someone came by to collect the key to the flat that morning, as Sherlock explained to Mycroft that John had no desire whatsoever to go back there. “Tell them to bring all of his things, the kitchen things, and the baby things, but none of Mary’s. That, you can dispose of. And we don’t need the furniture, just the cot and whatever else is in Rosie’s room.” Mycroft agrees and the move is completed by that evening, Rosie’s cot installed upstairs and the playpen brought back down to the sitting room.
We shower together after that glorious wake up and it’s another excuse to see him naked at last. It’s still so new. In spite of all those years of him wandering around in a sheet and whatnot, getting to see all of it at once is new, and besides, he stopped doing that after he came back from those two godawful years. Once Mary was in the picture. And his shyness is new. Before, he didn’t care, and the difference is pretty remarkable. Now, he glances at me through his eyelashes, not quite able to hide the slight anxiety that I’ll suddenly find him unattractive or disappointing in some way (fat chance!). And the way he does it, goes from ninety percent naked to giving me one of those glances that get my blood boiling, to dropping the sheet all the way, looking at me over his shoulder all the while – God, it’s incredible! He tells me that he’s never showered with anyone before, which was already quite clear to me, but I reassure him that it’s fine and we wash each other, our hands touching and exploring with something not far off actual reverence. I discover the scars on his back from when he was beaten, but he shrugs it off as though it’s nothing and says he’d rather leave it in the past, so I drop it for the time being. We’re both hard, our skin reddened from the hot water, but somehow we manage to wait until after we’ve washed each other’s hair before giving in.
Ella’s eyes are as steady and patient as they ever were, and right now John is grateful for the lack of overt pity or even an excess of compassion in them. It’s just right, he thinks. Any more and he would be a mess.
They go to a meeting the following morning, half-past ten in a neighbourhood church basement. Sherlock found it during an early-morning search as John slept on upstairs, then suggested it over breakfast, which they cooked together today. This was nothing particularly fancy, just a fry-up of eggs, mushrooms, bacon, and tomatoes, with buttered toast and a large pot of English breakfast. Sherlock brings up the idea of going to a meeting and John agrees without objection, to his private relief.
Sherlock is still looking at Aston curiously, but gives him a slow smile. “Understood,” he says. “And seconded: thank you. This may be exactly what we needed.”
Sherlock feels himself smiling and strives to lighten the mood a little. “It’s just a marinade,” he says, blinking and ducking away from the praise. “And – don’t start with that, or else we’ll get distracted and I’ll burn the chicken, after all that.”
He’s completely serious and it makes me want to laugh and cry and hug him for ten years straight all at once, and suddenly I think, fuck it. So what if it’s only been two weeks. We’re
Rosie makes a nondescript sound. John washes his hands and comes back to bed, mirroring Sherlock’s position on his side with the child between them. “I don’t mind this,” he says. “Just not for sleeping.”
He smiles back and goes back to sucking me. Somehow the little break seems to have made it feel even better now and I feel myself leak a large surge of pre-come into his mouth. He goes harder and faster, his head bobbing over me, and his long middle finger breaches into me then. Suddenly my entire body spasms and without a word of warning I feel my arse clamp around his finger and come like a rocket launching, shouting out and flooding his mouth, my legs jerking, hips thrusting forward into Sherlock’s throat, still coming uncontrollably. It’s so intense that I might have even blacked out for a second or two, because the next thing I know, I’m panting and panting and Sherlock’s nose is actually pressing into my lower belly, my fingers clenched in his hair.
Just the single word. Suddenly there isn’t quite enough oxygen in the kitchen. John attempts to breathe anyway, his heart suddenly racing as the silence spins out following Sherlock’s singular word. “You matter to me, too,” he says with difficulty, and it’s not nearly enough, but if he says anymore he’ll be in truly deep waters. Still, though, he’s got to add something, because his apology wasn’t quite finished, either. “I’ll – I’ll try to do better, Sher – I mean – you deserve better than what I’ve been, lately. The hospital. What happened there. And – the cane. Saying goodbye. That letter. All of it.”
John touches his nose to Sherlock’s, rubbing his against it, then kisses him again, their breath mingling. “I want to know exactly what you want. It’s not about what I want.”
They pass the band stand, following the path. After a little while, John ventures, “So… Victor Trevor?”
Sherlock grins. “Don’t let me stop you,” he says, and John pushes himself off his wall and swims over to him. They kiss and touch and revel in one another until it’s time to get out and get ready for dinner. They’re leaving tomorrow and Sherlock feels it keenly, though he trusts what John promised last night, that nothing will change after this magical week is over. Sherlock puts on a black suit with a black and white pin-striped shirt. John wears a grey suit with a navy shirt that brings out his eyes perfectly. They both decide to go open collar, no tie. The remainder of the champagne has been corked with a temporary stopper and put back in the fridge for later. John offers his hand and Sherlock takes it as they head off to the dining room for dinner.
“Nonsense. That’s one of the most intelligent things you’ve ever said,” John says, almost crooning, and claims his mouth again. “I – imagined this, fantasised about it,” he says between kisses. “Even – years back, when we – were nowhere close to this.” A longer kiss now. “I couldn’t help myself. But this – ” he pulls back, looking Sherlock in the eyes, one hand on his jawline, “this is far better than anything I could have imagined, too.”
Sherlock shrugs. “Oh, you know. His work. My work. What we like about our cities. Restaurants in London and Los Angeles. Current events, at least within my somewhat limited knowledge thereof.”
Vee thinks of Sherlock’s propensity for drug use and wonders if there is any connection. For a moment or two, she feels so distressingly unable to speak that she doesn’t try. She shakes her head and puts her face in her hands.
Their voices overlap, speaking at the same time, and John realises with horror that he spoke out loud.
“I’m aware,” Sherlock had said, a trifle distantly. Maybe thinking John thought him unable to handle it, or untrustworthy when it came to Rosie. “It’s fine.”
Her legs fall limply aside and she opens her eyes to find Mary splashing water over her face, and the haze begins to fade. Mary’s expression is hard to read, her eyebrows a little high. “Well, I guess it would be safe to say that you liked that,” Mary says, her tone a bit dry.
“If you like,” Sherlock responds, thinking again that this feels like something he would have utterly scorned once, this incredibly banal, trivial, day-to-day life. Something that other people have. Not someone like him. Perhaps a large part of that was merely the bias of exclusion, he sees now. There is nothing banal about this, about the simplicity of making lunch with John. Lunch with John – all of it, just day-to-day life with John – is a reason to get up in the morning, a reason to live. Just stringing out one simple, beautiful moment after another as the days unfold, each day culminating in being permitted to go back to bed with John again. And then again the next day and night, then the one after that, ad infinitum. It’s the best thing he never conceived of having, something he never would have allowed himself to dream of, and he loves it so much it almost frightens him. There are times when he lies awake, John having fallen asleep before him, and revels in listening to him breathe, in the feel of his warm, compact, intimately familiar and beloved form in his arms or pressed up behind him and doesn’t even want to sleep for fear of missing out on any of it. They’ve begun showering together, too, ever since the morning after the bomb, learning jointly how to play within the circle of their intimacy, how to just be together in it without it necessarily becoming sexual, though it does more often than not. They’ve shaved one another’s faces, worn each other’s underwear and deodorant, eaten breakfast together nude on the floor of the sitting room or in bed, typed emails half in each other’s laps. All of the usual, mundane parts of daily life, only elevated into something unimaginably wonderful through the lens of
John gives him a mute look, passing Rosie into his arms. It’s too much to ask him to hand her over now that it’s going to be forever, and Sherlock understands at once. He takes Rosie gently out of John’s arms and gives her to Sarah.
fuck this up again, leave Sherlock feeling exposed and hurt and angry. (Maybe stop thinking so much, John tells himself. Sherlock would definitely tell him that it’s not his area.) He gets the door closed behind him, then resumes kissing Sherlock on the face and throat and jaw, his fingers going to work on the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt.
“The Sunderland city mortuary,” the officer says, confirming their assumption. “I’ve got the photos, if you’d like.” He hesitates. “You’re working with the MI5, is it? I mean, I know who you are and that, but – ”
She collects her tea and resumes talking to her sister, making for the stairs before either of them can ask if she’s sure. John looks at Sherlock, who shrugs. “I guess we just – carry on, then?” John ventures.
them to know,” Sherlock says, the confession less embarrassing than he’d thought it might be. “I want everyone to know.”
The earth practically stops turning, or so it feels. Sherlock’s body is molten hot on the inside, and John makes himself go slowly, in tiny increments, waiting at each stage for Sherlock’s body to relax and allow him inside. It feels beyond merely
He feels he can’t even look John in the eye, but John pulls away for that express purpose. “Hey. Look at me,” he requests gently, his hand on Sherlock’s chin. “Please don’t think that anything here, starting with you, is anything less than I’ve ever hoped it could be, or that this was anything less than the most meaningful, beautiful thing that’s ever happened to me.”
“I could, but it – ’s almost entirely irrelevant – at the moment,” Sherlock says with difficulty, his eyes closing. John’s middle finger is rubbing directly over the entrance to his body and he has a spare to hope rather devoutly that he’s entirely decent back there, though he’s normally quite confident of his level of cleanliness. John doesn’t seem to have any concerns on this front, however. His finger is inside Sherlock now, and the sensation is – good. Odd, but good. It feels different when someone else is doing it.
“So do I.” John’s eyes are closed, his head down on Sherlock’s shoulder. He thinks of Rosie’s first kidnapping, of coming home and lying down on his bed with her, Sherlock lying on her other side. The horror of Mary’s spray-painted message in his old bedroom, of the empty cot. “I can’t take coming home or going into her room and finding her gone again,” he says, feeling hollow. “These two times, we got her back. What if we hadn’t? What if one of the truly deranged got hold of her? Someone who eats babies or harvests their organs or something? What if it was revenge for a crime we stopped, a person we caught? That would always be on us. It’s one thing when it’s one of us, but to bring a child into it?”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, but I’m still at work, and we’re very busy today,” Molly tells him, sounding flustered. “I would otherwise. You know I would.”
. It’s tight, enough to hurt a little, but it pales in comparison to the indescribable feeling of finally having John within him. He feels complete for the first time in his life. He knows, somewhere in the dim recesses of the rational part of his mind, that this is technically no more ‘real’ than any of the other sexual acts they’ve performed. Nonetheless, it feels revolutionary to be physically joined to John in this way. Logical or not, it feels life-alteringly profound and he can barely breathe through it, his entire being wracked with more emotion than he can even begin to process.
feels like security, like solid ground, like home. Sherlock doesn’t doubt the way John touches him, his hands gentle and strong and certain and tender all in one, stroking over his bare skin and making him feel loved beyond measure, beyond doubt, and yet in between times, the doubt persists. (Never mind that for now.) Sherlock lets himself go, surging into John’s kiss entirely, pulling John down onto himself once they’re nude, feeling the hardness of John’s erection in fleeting, tantalising touches before their bodies arrange themselves properly, already thrusting together in a rhythm they both know now. Sherlock reaches blindly at the coffee table, fumbling until his fingers touch the tube of lubricant they’ve left here from previous occasions on the sofa, and John barely pauses in his rocking rhythm as Sherlock slicks it over them both, though he moans and goes a little harder. Sherlock puts both hands on John’s arse, loving the feel of the muscles flexing and relaxing over and over again. His own genitals are stiff and full, quivering in need and pleasure combined, straining against John’s. He loves this – loves it unabashedly. Anyone could come into this room and say anything, do anything, and Sherlock would never stop doing this with John. Not for anything. He lifts himself from the leather cushions and pushes back against John, wrapping a leg possessively around John’s arse and thigh for maximum leverage. It’s almost as good as John entering him, but quicker this way, better when they’re more urgent. Round two will almost certainly be slower, more deliberate, more drawn-out, the pleasure deeper and better still, but for now this is all they need. He can feel John’s testicles against his own, high and firm and full, and the thought of it makes his mouth water. John is panting into his ear, their cheekbones pressed together almost painfully as they rock and thrust together, the crescendo building inescapably. Then he feels it – the telltale twitch in John’s muscles the instant before he climaxes, his breath hitching, and then he starts to come, the heavy gush of warmth and wetness spattering onto Sherlock’s stomach and chest, and he groans out loud.
There is guilt and shame and anger, and beyond that a bottomless well of sorrow. There are so many things which she is actively, deliberately not thinking about, things which she must suppress or else she may implode. She mindlessly pushes back her chair and gets up to plug in the kettle. When in doubt, make tea. And there is a lot of doubt right now.
John says his name but Sherlock only shakes all the harder. There’s sweat on his forehead. John reaches over and touches him gently on the shoulder. “Sherlock!”
Jodie nods again. “It can,” she says. “If you hire a planner, they take care of that. But in terms of visiting your space, even tasting samples, et cetera, then yes, that’s definitely a drawback. And then there’s the question of flying out a wedding dress – for most couples, at least,” she adds, glancing at John. “They notoriously don’t travel all that well.”
John does, and now he begins to laugh, too. “Oh my God. No wonder,” he says, and takes out an identical ring. “I’m sorry! You were planning this dinner specifically to propose, and I beat you to it!”
John swallows again. His mouth opens, trying to figure out how to word his question. He’s open to anything, and if Sherlock wants – that – he would absolutely agree to it. But it would be nice to know. Somehow the words can’t quite get themselves organised, though.
Ella looks at Sherlock, her eyebrows raised questioningly. He swallows. “I would… prefer to… for John to be the one – inside,” he says, barely audibly.
John has been talking all this while, so Sherlock clears his throat and pipes up. “No, and yes,” he says. “John tops more frequently than I do, but it’s not at all a set pattern. We both like it both ways. Frankly, we haven’t tried anything yet that we haven’t liked. There are no problems with that. I would say that our relationship is at its least problematic when we’re in bed.”
“It isn’t, though,” Sherlock insists. “The main characters are rather compelling, in fact, and they also have their own mythology. You would like that part. Their ‘god’ character – well, I suppose it’s really a Christological character, is a rabbit named El-ahrairah, and he’s a trickster, but also sacrifices himself for his people. It actually gets quite dark in places.”
“Bacon and eggs, ‘American style’,” Sherlock says, a bit dryly. “The eggs were so undercooked that they were practically cheeping. And there was toast. That was good; he bought the bread from a nearby bakery.”
He goes slowly, not wanting to overwhelm Sherlock, keeping his mouth soft as he lips at Sherlock’s cock, adding a bit of tongue now and then, exploring this himself, his hands stroking over Sherlock’s legs and hips and arse, cupping and squeezing it. He loves the way he can feel every little tremor and reaction, feel Sherlock’s erection get harder and harder as he goes, bringing it back into his mouth and sucking properly, caressing the length of him and making it as sensual as he knows how. Sherlock is breathing raggedly, still trying to silence himself, though he stops trying to cover his mouth in favour of gripping the edge of the counter with both hands. His head falls back and he moans, and John looks up, making a questioning sound without pulling his mouth off. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks back down at him, shaking his head a little. “No, it’s – good,” he stutters out, so John hums his relief into Sherlock’s flesh and keeps going.
The silence left in his wake is almost eloquent. Sherlock risks a look at John to find him staring moodily at the thumb drive, bent forward, his hands clasped, elbows leaning on his thighs. Suddenly there isn’t enough oxygen in the room and Sherlock needs to not be in it. “I’ll just – be back soon,” he says vaguely, already moving toward his coat. He stops just at the top of the stairs, pausing just in case John has some verbal reaction to this, but he doesn’t say a word.
He goes back to the small bed and perches on the edge beside John’s hip again. “Is the anaesthetic working yet?” he asks, pulling on a pair of gloves and retrieving the suturing instruments.
John nods. “That’s what she told our friend, at any rate. I don’t know how she would have had a DNA sample of yours handy, but it could be that she had something of mine and just saw that it wasn’t a match. I know now that she cheated on me with multiple people during our engagement and marriage, so I don’t know one hundred percent that it’s you, but if she was sure, then I think you probably are.”
Lucas eyes them both, then walks forward slowly. “Who were you looking for?” he asks evenly, and Sherlock detects his suspicion.
“I’ll make breakfast,” he says, as Sherlock rolls out of the narrow bed and makes for the bathroom. “Hurry!”
“John!” Harry looks truly speechless, which is very much unlike her. She blinks at him, her expression peculiar. Is she – pitying him? She shakes her head. “I don’t know what to say…”
John swallows and nods. “Sherlock has always had the habit of believing me to be a far better man than I am. The day we met, this day eight years ago, he called me a war hero. When I married Mary, he told the wedding guests that I was the best and bravest and wisest person he’d ever known, and I’ve demonstrably
John snorts to show what he thinks of that, but grudgingly feels a bit better. “Who can say,” he agrees blandly, at normal volume. He nods toward a table in the centre of the room. “About there?”
It’s what he said last night, only now everything is different. Horribly so. John swallows again. “If you’re sure you – still want me there,” he says jerkily. He manages to make himself look up at Sherlock again, expecting him to say something sharp about it not being him they need to worry about here, but he doesn’t.
The kitchen is still humming with activity, though from the looks of it, lunch is definitely winding down. The dishwashers are washing busily and prep cooks are packaging things up. Several cooks are seated around a table, eating, and standing at the central island, a woman in slightly-stained cook’s whites is efficiently sharpening knives. Several people look up at Sherlock’s voice, but she’s the one who responds. “Yes?” she asks, authority clear in her tone. “Can I help you?”
“In a two-room structure on the outskirts of Soskut. Interpol took out the three guards and removed Davidson without being caught. However, we’re waiting to find the rest of the team, and then the rest of the organisation.”
Molly gets up and goes to open a drawer beneath the worktop. She removes several items, then brings over a scrap of paper with what Sherlock recognises as Mary’s writing on it. The number is for France, close to Paris, he thinks. He gives it to John.
When he can move, he gets up, stretches deeply, and looks around. There are towels stacked just outside the chamber containing the hot tub for their use. He steps out of his underwear and wraps a towel around his waist, then finds a small one and attempts to mop his mess from the wall. John knocks from inside the bathroom, which should be comical, but isn’t. “You can come out,” Sherlock says, aware of the other possible meaning and hoping that John won’t get his hackles up about it.
Sergeant Ellis rushes up from inside the building. “Fuck – he’s right, boss,” he says to Lestrade, dropping into a crouch beside John, who immediately relinquishes the bag to him. Ellis is something of an explosives expert, which John definitely isn’t. Ellis probes with great care at the device. “Mobile phone detonator, it looks like,” he says, both to John and to everyone listening on their earpieces. “Get out of here,” he tells John, not taking his eyes from the explosive. “I can’t move it. That could set it off, especially if it’s a homemade device and unstable, and if it goes off here, this thing is powerful enough to take out this column, maybe two of them. We won’t have time to evacuate everyone in the radius of either the blast or the potential damage!”
Sherlock told him about the strange encounter with Paul-the-assistant before lunch. “I still feel odd about that,” he mutters. “There was something off about him.”
Irene’s eyes gaze bluely at him, glittering with amusement. “I did tell you to warn him,” she says, speaking to Sherlock rather than him, and neither this nor her choice of words improves John’s mood any.
“Bravo, John. He’s the real case here, I think.” He takes out his phone and turns it toward me. “I took this photo of him while he was in the flat, while you were showing him this place on the map. Would you say that he’s reasonably recognisable from this?”
“I wanted to. It’s the least I can do for all the help you’re giving me with the house,” Sherlock says lightly, though that doesn’t explain away all the other times he’s paid for both of them.
Sherlock doesn’t try to keep his face from brightening at this. Mrs Hudson’s mince pies are superlative, along with her sugar cookies, raspberry jam tart, and Christmas cake. “Well then, if you must,” he says diffidently, but neither Mrs Hudson nor John are fooled by his levity, John snorting overtly.
John’s peal of laughter stems from both surprise and delight at what’s now become a running joke, rather than a worrisome and very real question. “Idiot,” he says fondly. “Speak for yourself – I’m going to have to hire security just to keep everyone off you.”
John almost wants to cry. He nods and unwinds his arms so that he can take Sherlock’s face and pull his mouth back to his own, kissing him for a long, very good moment. Their tongues are moving against each other’s and he’s hard in his pyjama pants and it doesn’t matter for once, because Sherlock actually wants this from him. “We’ll – we’ll figure it out together,” he promises after, stroking Sherlock’s cheekbones with his thumbs. “Let’s get you out of some of this, yeah?”
John remembers it again, a visceral thrum of it echoing somewhere deep in his balls. “It was incredible.
Sherlock’s throat is tight. “Me too – all of that,” he says, the words all catching, jamming up against each other on their way out of his mouth. He feels turned inside out, beyond exposed, as though his very skin has been peeled off. For the first time since this began, it feels… safe. Exhilarating, even. John doesn’t take his eyes from Sherlock’s as he positions himself, then pushes himself slowly, gently inside. Sherlock breathes and breathes, his heart racing, his pulse thudding from his fingertips into John’s back where he’s gripping it as John’s thickness seems to nearly split him open.
want to have to train Rosie in self-defense, show her how to use a gun just in case someone tries to kidnap her, use the fact of our having a child around against us. I don’t want her anywhere
Sherlock gives him a crooked little v-shaped smile. “Come downstairs,” he repeats, with a meaningful nod in the direction of Rosie’s cot.
“Yes,” he vows, his voice low. “Now.” With that, he pulls up from a long slide that leaves the head of his penis positioned exactly where it needs to be, then pushes forward in one long, gentle, firm push, sinking himself all the way into Sherlock’s body, and their moan is long and joint. John’s knees are between Sherlock’s, his arms supporting his weight, the warmth of his body soaking into Sherlock’s back and he presses a kiss to Sherlock’s spine as he waits, allowing Sherlock’s body to adjust to the stretch.
“Yeah.” John looks at him. “Are you about ready to head out, or what’s the plan? Mrs H is bringing Rosie up once she’s finished her breakfast. Can it wait, or do you want to go without me? Only I’ve got to take Rosie there, to the Whitneys’, so I’m going to be slowed down as it is.”
Sherlock swallows, his own eyes reflecting every single bit of it back, no holds barred. He reaches for John’s face with the opposite hand. “I love you, too,” he says, his voice still a bit breathless. “And – thank you. For – for this.”
Sherlock nods. “I know,” he says. “I – I’m trying to.” He turns and closes the flat door behind himself, then takes off his coat and hangs it up, steps out of his shoes. John watches him numbly, and has the wit to realises that Sherlock is stalling for time, trying to find the right words. He turns back to face John, and his face is set. “Look,” he says, very intensely. “It’s been you all along. It always has been. Since long before I went away. From the very start. It took me a long time to see it for what it was, but – when I came back, Mary was there, and I thought that was what you wanted, so I never said anything. Never would have. When it all ended and you came back, I was only grateful that you’d come home. I didn’t want to destabilise it, jeopardise everything with a poorly-thought out request to have even more from you. So when this came along… I never would have gone for it. It was flattering, obviously, but I wouldn’t have even answered that first text of his. But you kept asking about it, and when you encouraged me to try it, I really thought that you must not have any feelings of – of that nature for me. And when I presented you with my practical issue, of not wanting to look like an inexperienced fool in front of someone like him and you agreed to walk me through it, that seemed very much like a confirmation of the fact.”
Sherlock doesn’t react for a moment, his face kept carefully composed. “I don’t know about that,” he says after a moment, his tone thoughtful. He doesn’t seem at all perturbed by John’s response, which is in itself a relief. “There were… understandable reasons why you didn’t see what I saw immediately. I don’t see it as a question of your competence, in light of those considerations.”
. It could be a bloody model for cock sculptors or something, its form and length and girth all as perfectly proportioned as the rest of him is, and it moves in his hand as he strokes it, flushed and full and quivering against his palm. Sherlock swallows audibly and John glances up at his face. Sherlock’s lips are parted, exhalations gusting over them as John touches him, the colour high in his cheeks.
in medical history. “Anyway, though, if I move back in, it would really mean having a small child around
“Of course, but it’s still nice to hear about it,” Liz says. “I always thought you belonged together.”
His voice low, he guides Sherlock through the stages of preparing him, and Sherlock has to admit that he was terribly curious about this. The heat of John’s body is intoxicating against his fingers, and John is urging him on, his voice growing breathless. Sherlock makes questioning sounds and John responds with affirmation, encouragement. “Do you like this?” Sherlock asks, his voice low, mouth inches from John’s.
It’s obvious enough that he didn’t; the question is clearly just meant to be polite. John smiles at this. “No, not at all,” he says. “What’s going on?”
The movement causes Sherlock to stir, lifting his face and smacking his mouth sleepily. He looks down at John and smiles, then drops his head to kiss him once before rolling off him at last and stretching luxuriously. John does the same, then turns on his side to simultaneously pull Sherlock back into his arms, face-to-face, while also glancing over him to see the time. It’s still early, a few minutes before eight. He settles back onto the pillows and puts his hand on the side of Sherlock’s face. “Morning,” Sherlock says, before he can.
He knows he shouldn’t look at John, but some uncontrollable impulse impels him to do it anyway, his eyes flicking to John before he can prevent himself. Their eyes meet, and John looks stricken. His mouth opens, then closes firmly, the corners of his mouth set unhappily. The contact lasts uncomfortably long. Then John turns and goes upstairs without a word, leaving Sherlock alone in the sitting room once more.
Sherlock glances quickly at John’s eyes, but he’s still looking down. “No?” The fantasy is still there, hovering just beneath the surface in the warmth of the room.
The phone rings twice and Ella’s receptionist picks up. “New Pathways, this is Shelley speaking,” she says pleasantly.
Sherlock waits as he turns on the kettle, filling it and then plugging it in and switching it on, then reappearing in the sitting room. He comes back to the sofa and Sherlock reaches for his hand and John takes it, sitting down with him again, his other arm draped around Sherlock’s shoulders. “That could be good,” Sherlock says. “With shish taouk?”
Her honesty takes him by surprise, and John blinks. He nods, and turns his head to face front, where the speaker of the hour is taking her place at the podium. “Good for you,” he says firmly.
“Sorry!” John gasps, still coming, tremors running down his back as he spurts out another round. “Didn’t mean to – ”
John looks back for a long time, his doubt showing clearly, but his face is open. He wants to believe it, Ella thinks. He just doesn’t think that he’s permitted to. Not yet. “I believe it, too,” he says at last. “I’m not sure I’m w – ” He stops himself from saying whatever it was and clears his throat. “But I want to be.”
“Who knows. I guess we’ll see in the news tomorrow. I suppose they could have parked right in the field, too,” John speculates. “Although, do you feel a bit like we’re sitting ducks here?”
“Do you want to find that bottle of wine now?” John asks. “Then maybe take a little walk along the water? I kind of fucked up what could have been a nice walk on the beach the other day…”
Sherlock picks up the package and reads over the instructions. “‘Please wear your name tags on Monday. After Monday, it won’t be necessarily. Please be sure to sign your guest agreement and bring it to the front desk during the meet-and-greet.’” He looks at the following pages. “I suppose that would be this.” He holds it out and John comes over to see. There are also two blank name tags for them to fill out. He pulls out a chair and sits down, pulling the paper out of one of them to write
At home, we’re on the sofa, sitting in a messy heap together, not doing anything much now that we’ve finished eating. Dinner was takeaway from the Chinese place on the order. I’m full and content as anything to be sitting here with one of Sherlock’s perfectly-lopsided fires burning steadily in the grate across from us. Our legs are tangled together and the news is on, but neither of us is really paying attention. I’m happy to just be holding him like this, my arm around his shoulders, one of his around my back, the fingers of our other hands slotted together however on his thigh, our heads leaning together. It was two weeks ago tonight, I think in slight amazement. Our perfect day: brunch with too many mimosas, a long walk home together on a sunny Saturday in early May, our quiet afternoon in each other’s company around the flat, spaghetti bolognese. And then Sherlock building the fire, sitting back on his heels to watch the wood catch fire and finally take the plunge, breaking the years of silence between us to finally allow us both to say what we needed to say. The apologies, and then the confessions. I think of everything that’s come since, of this struggle to figure out how to open ourselves to each other at last, our adventures in the bedroom and discovering all of that, this incredible strength of love I never thought I’d experience.
Waiting, then. He needs to say more. John flounders a bit. “I mean, you got shot. That alone would be enough to – and it was by someone you knew. Someone you thought was a friend. Or – I don’t know if you did… did you? I guess I just – assumed, but…I don’t really know, I suppose.”
They catch the tail end of brunch, then go back to the room to have a short nap before their massage, which is wonderful in every way. Roberto and Alex are barely out of the room before Sherlock says, his face still muffled, “Get over here and get in me, now!” John obliges at once, reaching for a palmful of oil to rub over Sherlock’s entrance and then himself before climbing onto Sherlock and sliding into him in a tight, slow, perfect fit, their bodies coming together like puzzle pieces, fucking him so hard that the massage table nearly collapses beneath them. John comes first with a gasp of apology, then pulls Sherlock up onto his knees and keeps going as hard as he’s able, using both hands to jerk him off. Aided by the slick of the oil on his hands, it’s only a few moments until Sherlock is stiffening and shouting out, coming so hard that the first shot lands somewhere on the floor, clearing the massage table entirely. John keeps rubbing him until his testicles are entirely spent, his fingers covered in Sherlock’s release, his own penis just beginning to soften within Sherlock. It’s phenomenal and Sherlock’s legs are so rubbery that John picks him up and carries him into the hot tub afterward, Sherlock giggling feebly but loving it, refusing to let go once they’re in the water. He floats with his arms around John’s neck, kissing him with a sense that time has ceased to exist, and John holds him just as tightly back and doesn’t stop kissing him and that’s all that matters. They didn’t order wine this time, but Kyle nonetheless sent in an ice bucket with a sparkling rosé moscato that’s delicious and refreshing in the heat of the tub, and they drink the entire bottle there and then.
passionate for me, this important. I love him. I love him so much I think I’ll explode with it, and I feel absolutely fucking giddy over the fact that I’m allowed to do this now: stand in the middle of the Baker Street sitting room on a sunny Sunday in April and kiss Sherlock Holmes. I feel like I just won the pools.
To my surprise, Sherlock is already up and sitting at the kitchen table, sipping coffee and scanning something on his laptop screen. He looks up at me, his expression very slightly apprehensive. “Good morning,” he says, but I can hear it in his voice, too: he’s a little nervous. (Why? Afraid I’ve changed my mind?)
He sounds as desperate as John does, but it doesn’t matter, because John is breathing so hard he’s nearly hyperventilating, his pulse thumping through his chest and into Sherlock’s back. They both want this badly and there’s no need to try to play it down or pretend otherwise. Not anymore. John slicks lubricant over himself, then slides his fingers back into Sherlock, testing. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he breathes. “You’re tight – I don’t – ”
Sherlock laughs, but his expression turns sober afterward. “Indeed. And likewise.” He looks down at their joined hands as they stride down the main path. “I can’t quite believe this is happening, to be frank. All day it’s felt half like a mirage.”
Nonetheless, Sherlock becomes conscious that nearly every time they’re in public, every time there’s an audience, John seems to become somewhat territorial about him. He doesn’t mind it in the slightest – quite the opposite, in fact. He doesn’t want John to become aware that he’s doing it lest he stop, however, so Sherlock continues to feign ignorance whenever John touches him. Meanwhile, he wonders how that could be made to extend into their private life, too. He’s known for years now, since before he had to go away, how he felt about John, what sort of thing he never would have allowed himself to give voice to in terms of what he secretly wished could come to be between them. John was already set on his terminal mission of marrying Mary when he returned to London and Sherlock knew better than to try to stop it. Then she died, and despite everything that had happened, Sherlock went on fondly believing Mary to have been the genuine love of John’s life. That lasted until a month or so after that mess with Eurus took place and some cryptic comments of John’s caught Sherlock completely off-guard, leading him to ask, and John told him about the folded shirts and the texting affair-that-never-was and the fighting, the guilt that played into her death. The doubts he had even while proposing, the fear of being alone again if he didn’t propose and she moved on.
This time, Jeremy is brought in first. The tone of the trial becomes sharply more dramatic as Jeremy is led through the recounting of his capture and subsequent torture. Scott watches in obvious pain, sitting between Justin and Thom, tearing up as Jeremy slowly paints a horrifying scene. Sherlock can see it vividly, Jeremy’s eyelids taped open so that he couldn’t sleep, the endless drill of repeated questions that he cannot remember now, the long stretches without water or food. The beatings. The confusion. At one point, they had him convinced that he was American, not English, then laughed when he repeated the notion aloud. Sherlock is uncomfortably reminded of his own captures and what followed and attempts to shut out the memories, his lips pressed firmly together. A slight shudder convulses down his spine despite himself and he peripherally sees that John has not missed it. He wishes that John had not noticed and inwardly rebukes himself for not having been able to suppress his reaction better.
I have no choice but to kiss him then, so I do. I kiss his mouth for a long time, then his gorgeous throat, the long expanse of his torso, pressing the flat of my tongue into his nipples, then slip down to the cock I’ve been stroking gently all the while, feeling him grow ever more aroused. When I’m face-to-face with it, it strikes me again that his cock is fucking beautiful. Never thought I’d think that about a cock before, but it’s Sherlock: of course it’s beautiful. There’s moisture welling up almost shyly from his slit, so I touch my tongue to it at last and he shivers. I look up at him to find him watching me carefully, breathing with his lips parted a little. “I’ve never done this before, either,” I tell him honestly. “But what you did last night – it felt so incredible, Sherlock. I want to try to make you feel what you made me feel.”
Sherlock shrugs. “If that’s where you’re going to be, then that’s where I’m going to be,” he announces. “Problem?”
Several hands go up. After a pause, John looks at Sherlock, then raises his own, so Sherlock raises his, too.
Sherlock wraps one of his legs around John’s. “Indeed,” he says. “I suppose we should get up and feed her.”
John picks up the remote and switches off the telly. “Now is fine,” he says. He wonders if he should assure Sherlock that he wasn’t concerned about his level of personal cleanliness; he knows how fastidious he generally is. He decides not to and nods toward the corridor. “Why don’t we do this in your room? Could be more comfortable. And less – exposed-feeling.”
When Mycroft takes himself off with what remains of his stiff-necked dignity, John finds that he’s more upset that he’d like to acknowledge. He goes to Rosie, who needs changing, and takes her upstairs to do that. After, he tries to put her down for a nap, but she won’t have it. After twenty minutes of trying, John gives up in exasperation and brings her back downstairs. “Do you want to come for a walk?” he asks Sherlock. “I was thinking that she might fall asleep in her buggy. Hoping, frankly.”
“It’s fine,” I assure her. “Yeah, she’s tuckered out, but we gave her a pretty thorough clean-up before dinner.”
John smiles directly at him this time. “I am. I will. I just – need to not fuck it up again. You’re still in the driver’s seat, though, right? I’m just – guiding. I want to do this your way.”
It’s mind-blowingly good. It’s so phenomenal that he can’t even speak, gasping in lungfuls of air as Sherlock meticulously searches out every single most sensitive part of him and delivers the most masterful blow job John’s ever received in his life, an act which he
Without even thinking about it, he turns around and begins to walk toward it. Somehow he just knows: that’s where Sherlock is. He actually checked the service times the other day when he walked past the doors and thinks that it’s got to be too late in the day for there to be Evensong now. Maybe the bell is ringing to signal the time. It doesn’t matter and he doesn’t care. Sherlock is there, he’s sure of it. He makes his way doggedly down the pavement, not seeing any of the people he passes, and finally makes his way to the church.
“Go ahead,” he invites, spearing a roast cherry tomato with his fork. “There’s loads and I’m not going to finish as it is.”
He spends the morning cleaning, helping Mrs Hudson reorganise her pantry, then eats lunch with her and runs a few errands. When he gets back, Sherlock is home, and he feels a pang of genuine disappointment that he missed his return.
I press my cheek into his. “I’m trying,” I say softly. “I swear I am, Sherlock. Sometimes it just – engulfs me, though, and I then I can’t believe that you still want me after all that. I
he remembers saying, more than once that evening. He doesn’t know where the notion comes from, but later, upon examination, he knows it to be true. His life belongs to John, whether or not John has accepted it. Everything that he is belongs to John, if only John would take it. He would weave together the fibres of his entire existence into a carpet for John to walk on, if only he knew how. He lies on the dusty carpet at Baker Street and wonders how he got home, and ponders existence as a carpet. He would give everything to John without question. He owes John more than he can ever pay; therefore if John walked in and stated his intention to make himself a coat of Sherlock’s skin, Sherlock would submit meekly and hope it satisfied some small part of the debt. He thinks about skin coats and cereal and serial killers and a single-word clue, the sitting room spiralling out of control around him, words of all angles shattering the air, written on the walls, and Culverton Smith is everywhere, his horrid little face watching Sherlock from every side. He is manic, never certain whether he’s supine or flying around the room. Meaning loses reference; references loses substance; substance loses connection to the material, the material becoming immaterial…
Pleased, John smiles into his jawline and presses his nose and lips there. “I loved doing it. I couldn’t wait to try it again. But all the way this time.”
When they’ve finished, John moves to get out and Sherlock steps aside to let him. “I’ll just be a moment longer,” he says. “Go ahead.”
John calls Rosie’s name, but of course she doesn’t answer. He’s running up the stairs now and when he gets to the bedroom he stops short and lets out a cry of horror.
! And – look, I don’t mean to – I mean, we don’t have to – to do anything you don’t want, or don’t feel comfortable with, ever – I mean that. I just – I mean, I’ll be happy with – well – anything, or – what I mean is, I’ll be happy with as little or as much as you ever want to try.” I blow out my breath and meet his gaze, trying to gauge his response. “I mean that. Nothing
I take a look at the screen and realise he’s been planning this conversation all along. God, I’m in for it! I love it. I nod. “Yeah. Absolutely,” I say, and we grin at each other like idiots.
Sherlock turns obediently toward him and John deftly re-ties his tie in a perfect half-Windsor, then lifts his chin and kisses Sherlock on the lips, lingeringly. “Thank you,” Sherlock says after, his voice a murmur, eyes opening.
“Well, I thought we could make one together,” Sherlock says. “We have options, obviously. If we want to go directly back to London today, we can do that. We could drive the rental to Sarajevo and get a flight by this evening, if you like.”
Maybe something like this is going through his head, too, as we peruse the offerings and chat lightly about antiques, vegetables, art pieces, and that, because at one point our fingers brush again and he hooks his little finger into mine. It’s subtle and a bit silly at the same time, but the last thing I would ever do is refuse him this – if anything, my heart is all but bursting over it, at him wanting to touch me in some way as much as I want to be touching him. I hold his little finger firmly with mine as we shuffle through the market, and a few moments later, he looks back over his shoulder at me and gives me a smile that’s half-smirk, and my need to kiss him grows substantially.
John is sitting in his chair reading the paper and Sherlock is sitting across from him, his laptop balanced on his knees. “Hmm,” Sherlock says.
“You never have liked your eggs sunny-side up,” John comments. “He didn’t ask how you like them cooked?”
Sherlock’s cheeks pink up a little, the way I love, but before he can say anything, Horton snarls and struggles against Sherlock’s hold. “You’re so pathetic,” he sneers. “Look at you, blushing like a schoolgirl. I saw you, the other today. The way you look at him when you think he’s not looking. Like he’s your entire universe. But he’s not like you, is he? I read about you two. He was married before, wasn’t he?”
Their plates are empty. John outdid himself, making omelettes oozing with sharp cheddar, broccoli, and bacon, sausages on the side, and thick-sliced multigrain toast, washed down with mugs of coffee made in the French press, and with their hands linked across the table in unapologetic sentimentalism, Sherlock feels extremely content.
“That I should just talk to you – I mean, she said it months ago already,” John admits. “I couldn’t work out how to bring it up, though. So stupid, I know. So I thought maybe if I just brought you to – to someplace like this, it would just be… obvious. I thought you would have worked it all out in advance.”
“I know,” John interrupts gently, quickly. “I know, Sherlock. I believe you. I’m sorry. I still can’t believe I actually said that shitty thing last night.”
She drops down onto the sofa and accepts a cold glass of rosé from Mary with gratitude. Mary always seems to buy rosé for whatever reason, though obviously she can’t drink it herself. There’s some inner joke there, something that plays about Mary’s lips when she says the word
“Perfect,” John says, following him out of the room, as though they’ve planned a picnic by the lake rather than a gruelling day of renovations and cleaning, and Sherlock silently loves him for this, too.
“Just onto your side,” Sherlock says, manoeuvring me with his hands. He’s still face-to-face with my cock, and looks up at me. “Do you have the – ?”
“I want you to stay down here,” Sherlock says firmly, the words coming out a little more forcefully than he might have liked. He clears his throat. “And I want – the rest of it. What was implied.”
Sherlock looks overtly triumphant. “Good,” he says. “In that case… maybe these, too. We can talk about whether or not we want them later, but we might as well have them in case. This size, I think.” He selects a box of what are definitely condoms, then finds John’s hand again and tugs him over to the counter to pay for their illicit purchase.
Sherlock puts a hand over John’s, his long fingers gentle and warm. “I never thought this would ever happen. I thought you were still grieving Mary’s death, even if that was… complicated.”
He stops again, nearly wincing, and Ella guesses that he’s said more than he intended. “How to reach him?” she repeats delicately. “Are you having difficulty with that?”
He actually looks a little discomfited. “I just think it tastes better made fresh,” he says. “Fewer preservatives, too.”
John is still grinning. “Whatever. That, or you could have just read my emails and texts. I fully expect it at this point. The point is, you know I haven’t got plans, so yes, let’s go out for breakfast. Where do you want to go?”
Mary narrows her eyes at him. “How did you find me, anyway? Never mind, I can guess: Sherlock never would have figured it out on his own, so it has to have been Mycroft with all of his government satellites and toys. Big Brother, always watching. Did Sherlock follow you here, then? I’ll assume so.”
Of course he caught the unspoken word, Ella thinks. “That’s all anyone can do,” she says gently. “Try.”
Sherlock stops by Marjorie, too, and praises her on her clumsily-produced bird. “Not bad,” he says, and she beams gratefully at him.
When he’s finished, he taps the water from his razor and sticks it back into its holder, and finds Sherlock loitering near the adjoining door. John holds it open for him and they trade places, John trying to make it overtly clear that he’s onto the next stage of getting ready for bed, here in Sherlock’s room. Sherlock glances back at him ever so fleetingly, but doesn’t say anything, shutting himself inside the loo. John strips off his jeans, jumper, and socks, plugs in his phone to charge, and gets into bed. He stealthily pre-placed the novel he’s been reading on the night table just after supper, and reaches for it, aiming for a casual manner, but really he’s waiting for Sherlock’s reaction at finding him there in his bed again. Truth be told, John rather wants this to go on indefinitely. He knows it’s not going to, that Sherlock’s spate of PTSD will pass and then at some point, he’ll tell John that he’s okay – for work, for sleeping on his own again, all of it – and John will be forced to agree that it makes sense to return to his own bedroom. What he wants is for Sherlock to come to like having him here, not just because he’s afraid of what will happen as he’s sleeping, what his own memories will subject him to when he lets down his guard and allows himself to slip into sleep. He wants Sherlock to want him here, to come to feel it as their normality. He also, in the meantime, just wants Sherlock to get some better quality sleep.
So is Sherlock, clearly. He’s smiling into John’s eyes when the kiss winds down. “Thank you,” he says, meaning the onions. “I’ll just give this a toss and then I think we’re set.”
“Mmm,” Sherlock says in response. He pulls John onto him and puts his hands on his arse. John’s body is beginning to feel nearly as familiar as his own, and it’s phenomenal. John rocks into him, reaching for the lubricant at the same time, and manages to get a palmful of it onto them without even breaking the rhythm, and Sherlock groans in deep appreciation. Pleasure curls through his body in tendrils, his skin alive with it. He remembers John saying that High Wycombe would be better than he was then equipped to imagine, and he thinks now that John was entirely right, sort of. Minus the part about the Woman. It was always John. His very erections are tailor-made for John and John alone. Otherwise, what would be the point? He renews his grip on John’s arse and thrusts up against him, their erections equally hard as they slide and rub against each other’s, and he revels in being this wanted, this desired, this loved. John’s body heat is all around him, the scent of him heady, his mouth on Sherlock’s, his breath in Sherlock’s mouth, and when he comes, Sherlock can feel it in every part of himself, as though it’s his own peak. John is rigid against him, legs tensing as his penis erupts, and then he wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s sticky erection and jerks it hard, his voice urging out the orgasm as much as his fist is. Sherlock’s vision blurs and he comes precisely when John tells him to, his back lifting off the sheets as his body twists and jerks in it climax, stars flashing across the backs of his eyes, breathing turning to fire in his lungs.
“I like reciprocating,” he says, not wanting to make an issue of it, yet still wanting to say it. “I – like touching you. Making you feel good. Usually it’s a bit more mutual that way.”
“Perfect,” Sherlock tells him. He takes another sip, savouring it, then says, “All right: your turn. What should we talk about first? You survived your brush with my family. What else?”
Just then, Rosie begins to cry over the baby monitor. Sherlock makes a sound that can only be described as profound dismay and John huffs out his breath in frustration. “No,” he pants. “Not now!”
It works. Sherlock takes a deep breath, then starts, his voice already steadier than it was. “It was the last of them, as it turned out. The last of the terrorists connected to Moriarty. I had been tracking them from Shanghai across Asia, across Europe… and finally, to Serbia. I had never been there before, didn’t know very much about the terrain, though I had studied the language on my way there. I was caught.”
John shakes his head. “Just finishing up the last of the renovations at Baker Street,” he says. It sounds lame and maybe it is. He thinks of inviting them all over for dinner but can’t muster it somehow. Sherlock and Harry have no patience for one another and John has no stomach to play peacemaker between them. The words die unspoken on his lips. He clears his throat. “So, this evening sometime?” he gets out. It sounds a bit forced.
“But sometimes, in the past, you used to leave without me,” John reminds him. “You used to forget about me.”
He silently helps John lift the heavy suitcase onto the rack above, then sits down next to John in his designated seat. He wants to ask when John bought him a ticket, if it was after he bought his own and if so, how much after, and how he managed to get them seats together. Was this always the plan, to force him to come along and vet this woman, if that’s what this is? If so, why didn’t he just ask? Sherlock swallows down the questions, though, determined to do what he can to keep the peace, even if he’s gritting his teeth at the same time. Though honestly, it’s just nice to have the extra time with John. Even under the circumstances. He shuts his mouth firmly and vows not to say anything that might make this bizarre situation implode.
“No,” Sherlock says intently, as we shift onto our sides, arms around each other, faces close together on the same pillow. “Go on with what you were saying. You were going to tell me what you’ve been keeping to yourself.”
John gives him a look so grateful that it could pass for a kiss, and Sherlock absorbs it and the glimmers of an almost-smile hover about his mouth. John gets to his feet and walks a few steps away, making the call.
“He did a fantastic job of your ceremony,” Scott says. “We want him to do ours, too! I loved what he said in the little talk he gave, there. He’s a very wise person.”
John’s hands are on his ass, their cocks pressing together. “God, yes,” he gasps. “If you’re that sure – ”
Last night, John ended up on the right, closer to the window. The same side Mary made him move to, so that she could be closer to the door for when Rosie cried. (He cannot think about Rosie right now.) “I actually prefer the left side,” he says, a hard edge in his throat. “If you don’t mind.”
He smiles. “Besides, there are better things we could be doing than pinpointing every particle of blame.”
John nods, his face sober. He swallows his mouthful, reaches for his wine (a nice chardonnay Des picked up in town yesterday), sips, then says, “Yes, unfortunately. Three or four times in my case, all within the weeks following Mary’s death.”
John turns back, his frown genuine this time. He hadn’t realised that the employee knew who he was. “Yeah?”
He bursts into the kitchen, face flushed. “I’m back,” he announces, and Sherlock turns around to smile at him.
It’s just another subject on a long list of undiscussed (undiscussable) topics. Among them are Mary’s death in general, the reasons behind the affair John was trying to start, that day at Culverton Smith’s hospital, and nearly everything to do with Eurus and Sherlock’s family history. They simply operate as though none of that happened, water under the bridge. Sherlock is warily aware now that John does not truly let things go; his accusation about Sherlock’s necessarily falsified death has given ample evidence of this, and he is equally aware that John does not care to have a calm, rational discussion of that or likely any of the rest of it, either. When he does talk about things like that, he tends to get angry again, and for the sake of enduring peace between them, all such conversations must therefore be avoided.
“Well done,” John approves. He settles a little further into his seat and only then realises how tense his shoulders have been probably since he left Sarajevo. The full impact of all of this is going to hit at some point, but not tonight. Now that they’re past the border, all he wants to think about is finding a hotel. With Sherlock. He’d sort of like to know what Sherlock is thinking about this, can palpably feel him thinking about it, too, but it feels a bit too delicate to ask about, especially so soon. He’s still swamped with relief that Sherlock still wants him at all.
It’s too late: Jodie has already tipped the glass to her mouth and taken several sips. John finds himself on his feet, too, his mouth open in horror. Sherlock says his name with urgency and John snaps into action. Right.
Sherlock is careful not to look at John. “I suppose it is,” he says carefully. This is treacherous ground.
Startled, we break apart, both of us looking as guilty as kids caught in the act of something naughty. “Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock says, looking stunned, one hand going to his lips as though to hide the evidence of the kiss. “Where did you come from?”
Mary quirks an eyebrow at her. “I’ll make it worth your while,” she promises, but then her face falls. “Oh Molly… he doesn’t love me anymore, you know. He came right out and said it, when they came to find me. I’ve tried everything to make it work, but he just doesn’t love me anymore. It’s so hard.”
John nods. “Let me just text Mrs H, tell her we’re going out.” He doesn’t add that he’s not going to tell her it’s for a case. She doesn’t need to fret about that, and she definitely would.
Sherlock wonders if this would be a good opportunity to make their changed status known to Mrs Hudson, then immediately rethinks this. John wants her to know, but would likely find it excruciating to be present for said revelation. Later, then, he revises. “Did you want to stay and eat with us?” he asks politely, while attempting to telegraph mentally to her that the correct answer is no.
“Isn’t that illegal here?” Sherlock takes out his own schedule and consults it. “I have one right after dinner, too. Wonderful.”
“You couldn’t have known,” Sherlock says, hastening to reassure me. “Don’t – think whatever it is you’re thinking. Does that – help, though?”
Sherlock’s head is dropped forward and he seems to be struggling to breathe at all. He’s breathing in shallow, uneven gasps and can’t seem to answer.
I smile and nod, taking his head and guiding his mouth back to mine. We kiss hungrily, his cock pushing against my hip as he twines a leg around mine. I reach under the pillows, searching for the lube, and find it easily. I manage to get some onto my fingers with my arms around Sherlock, then slip my hand under his upper leg and begin to massage at the entrance to his body. I’ve only ever had my fingers inside him that one other time, so this is incredibly special. Should probably check-in, though. I wind up the kiss and ask, my own voice rather breathy, “You sure about this? You know it’s never too late to change your mind.”
“We’ve discussed that,” Sherlock informs her. “The plan would be to suspend any and all casework during any times we do have Rosie here. We’ll get security. Keep London’s criminals from just bursting into the sitting room. We’ll make it safe for her.”
Molly takes a moment to compose herself, then puts on her game face and follows Mary back to the kitchen.
He can’t go on, crying too hard to speak over his own, jumbled words. Sherlock knows that he shouldn’t ask, shouldn’t press, but he can’t help it. “What about me?” he asks, his voice low.
He recognises it immediately and feels his chest tighten upon seeing it. John is already unfolding it. Sherlock watches him, wary, watches his jaw clench.
“There are apples and granola bars, too, and a thermos of water if you’re thirsty,” John tells him, and Sherlock snaps out of his moony reverie.
Sherlock snorts. “Not particularly. Then again, that face could blend into any crowd.” He checks the time. “I suppose we might as well start now. What do you think? Tea at Candella’s?”
“There’s a whole day,” Sherlock reminds him. John looks up into his eyes, his hands still on Sherlock’s waist, then nods. He steps closer and gets his arms around Sherlock’s back, leaning his cheek into Sherlock’s. Sherlock holds him and closes his eyes, breathing in the scent of John’s hair. He feels the railing of the lookout at his back and thinks of what John said about wanting to offer him something set in stone. He turns his lips into John’s hair and kisses it with something akin to reverence. “I love you,” he murmurs. “You don’t have to be perfect. You just have to be you. We’ll work the rest of it out. Just – don’t shut me out, all right?”
The oven timer begins to beep some time later, startling them both. Sherlock pulls away at last, but doesn’t move to get up. Instead, he pushes all five fingers of his right hand into John’s hand and looks at him with something very much like wonder. “
John grins suddenly and the tension dissipates. “A bit of gunpowder. I figured that if you wanted smoky tea, I’d make you smoky tea.”
“It’s on the chair.” John steps back to let Liz in, too. “Morning,” he says again, quieter this time, and Liz gives him an understanding look. He’s always got on better with Harry’s girlfriends than he has with Harry herself. A little too well in the case of Clara, though it wasn’t him that started the flirting. Not his fault Clara got a little too handsy when she’d had too much wine. Not that anything had ever happened, but Harry’s never forgiven him.
Instead, he swallows down the need to say this and helps Sherlock rearrange himself and his long legs, getting his trousers a little further out of the way and settling himself between Sherlock’s thighs. He hasn’t actually had a chance to look at Sherlock’s cock in the daylight, or really at all, so he gives himself half a moment to take in the sight of it. Sherlock’s cock is as perfect as the rest of him, big and hard and flushed dark in his arousal and John needs to put his mouth on it
Harry holds Rosie out to him now and he dutifully gives her a kiss. “See you later,” his sister says, and then they’re off. John watches them go from the front door and wishes he felt something other than guilt. He tells himself to feel grateful that Harry and Liz are so willing to take Rosie almost any time he wants. Liz has even dropped hints about how they’d be willing to keep her for longer stays, too. He’s almost appalled by how tempting that is. The car doors shut and they drive away. John sighs and closes the inside door, feeling temporarily lost.
Molly goes over and gives her a glass, sitting down on the edge of the tub. “It’s that cider you like,” she says.
John feels oddly relieved, but the twisting in his gut hasn’t stopped yet. “Okay,” he says, aware that it’s an empty, pointless thing to say, but he’s not sure what else to say to that.
He gives tight smile that hurts, his hands locked together on his knee. “I – yeah,” he says shortly. “It’s – but it’s the best thing, for her. That’s all I care about, in the end.”
Should he say something to reassure him? Say that he doesn’t mind this odd favour that John has asked of him? Sherlock decides against it. Maybe John is worried about the woman he’s meeting. (Never mind.) Instead, Sherlock focuses on the direction they’re taking, since he missed the information in the announcements. They’re still in the city but headed due west. That doesn’t change as the train gets free of the suburbs, bound in a clear line for the west. Perhaps his guess about the Cotswolds was correct, then. Time will tell, he supposes. He could ask John again, about the travel time. See if that prompts any information about their destination – or John’s destination, rather; Sherlock assumes he’ll be on this same train bound back to London shortly after delivering John to his cozy little love-nest, or wherever it is that he’s going. Sherlock feels himself scowling out the window, which his mask will only partially hide if John notices.
Mrs Hudson finds out quickly enough, coming up just after Sherlock ends the call with his mother. As she does, she pokes about the kitchen and tidies up without being asked, then turns on the water to start the washing up and goes off to collect dishes from around the flat. When she gets back to the kitchen, she turns off the water, puts a pile of plates in the sink to soak, and plugs in the kettle before coming over to sit down in John’s chair across from Sherlock.
John watches Mary with loathing on his face. “Do you have anything to say to any of us?” he asks. “It won’t change your sentencing, but for your own, personal redemption, Mary. Anything?”
Sherlock nods, his breath still coming quickly. “Yes. Okay.” He reaches back to switch the lamp off, and John does the same thing.
, so I’ve got to rein myself in for the time being. Settling for snogging him as deeply as I know how is hardly anything to sneer at, though, so I give it my all, and he’s doing the same and it’s fucking fantastic.
John squeezes his hand again, then says, “And besides which, all I really want right now is you. Now that we finally have this, Sherlock – these last four days have been absolutely incredible for me. Maybe it’s selfish, but this is really all I want.”
“You going to check out those UFO sightings while you’re here, too?” the officer asks, and Sherlock cannot discern whether or not it’s meant to be a joke.
Sherlock nods. “The electricians, yes. There’s someone coming around then to fix the ceiling plaster and see about the floor in your old room, too.”
He’s got to start somewhere. John takes a deep breath, then opens the door to the house and steps out into the heavy silence of the village, half-wondering if the gunshots will have attracted local attention. They haven’t: there is no one waiting outside. If there are still people around to have heard the shots, they’ve clearly lived through enough of the village’s apparently very bloody recent history to know to stay inside when the shooting starts. John starts walking, not knowing where he’s going, knowing better than to just start shouting Sherlock’s name. Which way might he have gone? Without knowing how he came or where from, it’s impossible to have any idea where to go, where to look. John searches up and down the side streets around the house where Mary was living, winding closer and closer to the town square, then away from it again. He searches the outer reaches of the town, crosses another bridge on the eastern side, then doubles back toward the house. The few lights that were on have started flickering out one by one. The only source of illumination is coming from the nearly-full moon, and John is grateful for it, though his gratitude isn’t enough to mask his mounting desperation. He’s been down every street at least once now. He cannot find Sherlock.
John shakes his head. “No,” he says bitterly. “I was an idiot to have ever thought she would. She never would have told me.”
Sherlock gives a modest shrug. “I rarely forget anything about you.” He clears his throat, but can feel John’s eyes on him and looks up after a moment. “What?” he asks, self-conscious now.
For a few moments, everything feels exquisitely charged. Then John gets up and comes over, leaning against the doorway of the kitchen. “What’s that you’re making?” he asks.
Sherlock’s shoulders relax very slightly, but his face is still troubled. “Other people with dangerous jobs have children,” he says.
“John…” Sherlock reaches for him, his body is relaxing against John’s now, and they kiss for a long time, their limbs twined together, ignoring the sticky wetness collected between them. John just doesn’t care, and it seems that Sherlock doesn’t, either. Eventually the kiss ebbs off, but Sherlock doesn’t release his face, looking up at John and searching his eyes. “I love you,” he says, and John’s heart gives a fierce stab.
have suspected Morstan, far sooner than he did in the end. He allowed himself not to see it, not to see the danger that had come into his life and, much as he was in denial over it, taken his precious John away from him, out of Baker Street and all but out of his life. He’d chosen not to see it.
Mum gets up and busies herself with the rest of their tea, and Harry reaches over and pats John on the wrist before going to join her, in an odd visitation of sisterly sympathy. John looks at the two of them for a second, somehow wanting to protest this sympathy, then gives up the notion. “Come on,” he says to his daughter. “Let’s go and have a look at your stickers.”
Sherlock swallows. “Do you mean that?” he asks, feeling as vulnerable as he ever has in his entire life.
The Atrium is within view now. John looks over at Sherlock as they walk and smiles. “Okay,” he says, and accepts it. At least Sherlock isn’t losing sight of this. That’s something. That’s a very large something, indeed. He changes the subject. “Don’t forget, they also have the waffles with fried chicken and brandy-spiked syrup,” he says. “I had that last time and it was amazing. You specifically wanted me to remind you about it.”
Sherlock glances surreptitiously over toward the kitchen end of the flat and sees that Todd is deeply immersed in conversation with Brad, discussing the trial, based on the scraps of conversation he can hear. He wonders what Todd would think of this line of thinking.
He comes to himself a moment later, still breathless, and finds Sherlock smiling at him. “Was that – okay?” Sherlock asks, the question coming out from beneath his lashes, half shy and half playful.
The drive into Sunderland was well-warranted: the city mortuary did indeed miss the skull tattoo, confirming Gubnitskaia’s membership in the Rosomakha. John’s internet searches of locally-based Russians have shown nothing of consequence. Discussing it over a late dinner in Sunderland, they agreed that their best option is to place themselves in the darkest, most isolated part of the countryside they can, possibly at one of the former sighting locations, and hope to catch the next arrival, possibly due tomorrow night.
“You’re my patient. Don’t I get to fuss a little?” Sherlock says, keeping his voice down, and John gives him a look so intense that it might as well be a kiss. Sherlock ducks his head to hide his face and carries the coffee over to Lestrade and his brother, aware that his cheeks are warm. “Coffee with cream – we haven’t got milk, sorry – and coffee with cream and sugar.” He deposits the second cup in front of Mycroft, then goes back for the other two. “So what happened after we left?”
John gives a laugh that comes out lower and randier than it should have. “Should have known you’d be insatiable once you discovered this.”
Sherlock laughs before he can prevent himself, then hastily changes the subject. “Do we approve of the traditional tree placement?” he asks.
“There is, but it’s pretty short and sweet,” the desk officer tells him, typing into a hulking PC that looks to be at least fifteen years obsolete. “No ID, cause of death was drowning. Estimated age is twenty-three years, no match on either dental records or fingerprints, no tattoos or other visible body markings. No jewellery, nothing special at all. She was dressed in black and wearing low boots with laces. And there’s nothing to connect her to the parachute, except for coincidental timing.”
“Oh, good!” John says. “I want to see the heart attack one in particular. What about the police reports? Have you had a chance to look at the car bomb report yet?”
Sherlock nods. “Fine. Yes.” He points. “There are towels here.” He moves toward the adjoining room, then says, “I suppose we’re meant to do this part nude…”
“You always knew how you felt about him,” Mycroft says unrelentingly. “Yet you’ve always denied him that. You’ve always known how he felt. Yet you allowed him to plan your wedding, forced him to stand by while you married the assassin who would put a bullet in his heart the day you returned from your honeymoon with her.” He bends forward across the desk when Watson can’t formulate a rebuttal to any of it. “So let him go,” he says, merciless. “Let him move on. The way you did.”
It’s the third couple that came in, one of the pairs definitely older than he and John, Sherlock notices. The one called Doug introduces them both as Doug and Brad respectively. Doug gruffly informs them that they’re looking to find their spark again. Boring. Typical. Predictable, Sherlock thinks.
Sherlock looks at John, who looks back at him. “A little,” John admits. “We’ve never done anything like this before.”
John is still frowning and squinting. “Oh,” he says, after a moment. “Down there.” He clears his throat.
“After all, John moved in the day after we met,” Sherlock adds, his tone still one of cultured politeness, not betraying anything further.
We kiss and kiss and it echoes off the tiles, amplified, and he reaches down for my cock. “I think – you’ve – quadrupled my – libido,” Sherlock says between kisses, then groans as my hand closes around his gorgeous erection. “Oh –
“I always felt the pull, the conflict,” he says. “Every time I wasn’t here, where I belong. With you. And it was beginning to present itself as a problem in other ways beyond my own, private issue, obviously – cropping up during cases and otherwise interrupting the rest of our life together, regardless of our own, private dynamics. I’m also very much aware that your family and probably Mrs Hudson all view me as an utter traitor at present as well – and for good reason.
He is fortunate to have John’s friendship. And he is aware that John feels equally fortunate to have his. They should both be satisfied with that, and leave any other murmurings of discontentment, of a constant yearning to make more of it than would be tenable in the realm of the unspoken. Not every hope needs to be materialised, Sherlock reasons firmly with himself when his own desires stir restlessly within him, when his gaze lingers too long on John’s small, but competent hands, watching him clean his gun or peel an orange or perform minute medical tasks, all of his concentration focused acutely on the subject in front of him.
Sherlock’s cock twitches at the mere suggestion, but he seems to be stuck in indecision. “I – don’t – I – ”
John chuckles for some reason. “Yeah. Definitely. Right now, at least. Though maybe not one part of you.”
Sherlock glances hesitantly into his eyes, but only very briefly this time, moving swiftly in to kiss John again. He’s obedient to John’s suggestions, his mouth softer, the kiss lingering and rather sweet, and John feels heat swooping through him, pooling in his gut. Sherlock pulls away again, his tongue touching his lower lip. “How was that?”
“Uh, yeah. That’s definitely true,” Corey says, grinning. He takes a sip of his café au lait. “I really liked him, you know. I could sense his caution, though. The constant politeness. I had the sense that I was never really getting the real thing, never getting past that surface layer, and it frustrated me. That said, I also knew that we were still just getting to know each other, and that maybe he was hesitant to let it go any deeper because neither of us knew how long it was going to last. And I knew all along that it was probably going to be a necessarily short relationship, if we can even call it one, but – given time, I could have loved him, if he’d have let me.” He stops as their desserts are served, looking appreciatively down at his lemon pie, topped with blueberry compote. “This looks amazing, though so does yours. Anyway – what I was going to say was that I had no idea that any of that reserve was coming from the fact that he was already in love with someone else. I mean, he told me on Friday when he broke up with me that he’d only even gone for it because he thought he had no chance with you. So it makes complete sense now and I’m glad he told me. It – helps to be able to understand it, you know?”
Sherlock is frowning at the screen. “Just got a request for a highly confidential case. They won’t say what it’s about. I’m supposed to call.”
Lucas just stands there, absorbing this without any expression whatsoever. “Sherlock Holmes,” he says, as though weighing the name. “As it happens, I was looking for you. Odd that I should find you back here, but since we’re both here, I wondered if you might have five minutes you could spare me. I’d like a word.”
They were vetted thoroughly and at length by Mycroft himself, their faces cross-referenced with no fewer than eighty-four databases around the world. They answered, by hand, a test that the three of them conceived and sent them, asking everything from worst childhood memories to personal phobias to tastes in food to vacation history. The test was over five hundred questions long, and their answers were scrutinised by not only themselves, but by a team of experts. Mycroft flew to Montréal to meet with them first, interviewing them and filling them in on Rosie’s short life history to date. He left nothing out from Mary’s initial flight to all of the time spent with friends, John’s drinking, the move to Baker Street, and the two kidnappings. He also apprised them of the standing threat on Rosie’s life and explained the protective measures that would be taken with the adoption process. They agreed without hesitation. Mycroft then flew back to London and gave his personal stamp of approval.
The following afternoon, however, Sherlock’s phone pings with a text. They’re sitting across the table from each other, having just finished last night’s dishes, reading the papers. Sherlock picks up his phone, reads the text, then puts it down again without responding. He goes back to reading whatever he was reading and turns a page.
John bends forward in his chair and digs his fingers into his temples, feeling so nauseated that he can hardly breathe. He did every part of it to enable Sherlock to have this very thing, yet now that it’s happening – which it has been for weeks now, only he couldn’t even make himself face it fully – he can’t bear it at all. He loves Sherlock fiercely and wants so badly to be allowed to lay claim to him for himself, but that’s not in the cards.
“I was sort of thinking along those lines,” Sherlock says cautiously. “I wasn’t sure, though… I’ll give that some thought.”
We will find Rosie. I swear to you, we will find her.” He’s got Rosie’s bear and pushes it into John’s hands. John takes it, his fingers clumsy.
She waves this off. “Stay as long as you like and have a nice time. You know I don’t go to bed until eleven.”
John surprises him, though. “No, it doesn’t,” he says firmly. “It doesn’t change a damned thing between you and me, Sherlock. I’m not changing my mind about any of that, or about what I said about this coming first. I just wonder if we could – find a corner that she could be in, too. I don’t think I’m much cut out to be a father, but I guess I am one and I don’t want to not be part of her life at all. Maybe that wouldn’t mean having her at Baker Street on any particular schedule. Maybe it would mean visits now and then. I don’t know. I don’t want to just – give her away, though. Never see her again.”
“I suppose, having gone on a date with a man in the first place, one could probably pre-assume interest in cock as a given,” John offers, and Sherlock’s mouth twists, half-smiling and half not, still self-conscious.
“Okay,” John says, privately resolving that he’ll go absolutely anywhere with Sherlock without argument and thrilled that Sherlock is showing him one of the spots he loves, that he wants to share it with him. The chill seems to have faded a little, and it’s begun to snow prettily, thick, fluffy, Christmas card snow, wetting the pavement and settling in Sherlock’s dark curls. He tightens his fingers in Sherlock’s and Sherlock smiles at him as they’re walking.
“Then have me!” Sherlock is too far gone to care about his dignity at this point. He can’t remember ever having wanted something this much. “Take the rest of it off!”
Sherlock nods and gives him a small, relieved smile. “Okay. Thank you,” he says. “The coffee’s brewing. Take your time, though. I’m making a frittata. It will take a bit.”
John leans into him, not even trying to stop the dreamy, loopy smile that’s spread itself unstoppably over his face. “Okay,” he says, and Sherlock’s fingers tighten in his. “Can we maybe buy some underwear or something?”
They walk toward the centre of the old city, the atmosphere between them becoming relaxed and easy. Sherlock points out landmarks and interesting historic sites, though he doesn’t know what many of them are. They take turns looking things up on the map and reading out the building in question’s identity with interest. They come to the centre and start passing churches – chapels, Sherlock corrects him – all belonging to one college or another. “Though the king of all of them is King’s,” he adds, nodding in its direction.
I shoot him an apologetic look. “Sorry. Just had to – know.” He doesn’t say anything, still looking a bit annoyed, so I ask, “Was it before that?”
They stop at the crest of a short hill, pausing to admire the view spread out before them. Lights are twinkling in the village, smoke rising from stone chimneys. They left the fire burning low in the grate, with intentions of building it up again once they return, as well as possibly finishing off the bottle of merlot they opened with dinner. Sherlock’s heart feels full to bursting.
“Because you already know about it! Because you went to Kate Whitney’s house!” Sherlock shouts. “Don’t treat me like an idiot! I
Poor woman, John thinks. She needed help and certainly didn’t get any from her friends. Love is a vicious motivator, indeed. And then her long-time friend not only ditched her, but went on to be Chrissy Jessop’s maid of honour at the wedding that should have been Andrea’s, on that beautiful Jamaican beach in the sunset. He gets it, the motive, or at least the feelings behind it. But then to lay her plans, waiting as these people one by one strayed into her path, and calmly, coldly planned and executed their murders… Well, maybe not the car bomb, but whatever Sherlock knows about that, he hasn’t seen fit to tell him. There’s something odd about that, about Sherlock’s reluctance, but it certainly wouldn’t be the first time he’s withheld information from John.
John’s smile grows into a real one. “I’d like to take you out,” he says, and there’s a softness about his eyes and mouth that Sherlock has only glimpsed on a handful of occasions in the past, and it makes his heart flutter strangely.
“We have a life together, you and I,” Sherlock says intensely. “We have – family. Work. A home. Our own, private rituals. You
“It’s fine,” Sherlock assures him. He signals subtly and their usual server comes over. “Coffee for my friend,” Sherlock says. “We’ll order when you bring it.”
“No, I do,” Sherlock says, a muscle in his forehead twitching. “And I have, a bit. But – it’s different when it’s someone else. You
He avoids looking at either her or Sherlock as he says this. “Which stuff?” Ella asks, gazing at him.
“They don’t,” John says, his fingers tracing them lightly, and the touch feels good. “I felt them just now.” He follows the lines, touching in such a way that’s meant to produce pleasure for Sherlock, but also exploring, probing. “You were whipped,” he states. It’s not a question.
“Don’t be silly, you know you want to see this through,” John says. “And so do I. Come and help me sit up, though, would you?”
John struggles mightily, a hard lump forming in his throat. For a long moment he can’t speak as the thoughts and emotions eddy and tangle in his head and heart. Then he nods, his throat tightening all the more. “But even if I am – I know how complicated that would make everything, and I – ” He stops, still fighting the emotion. It’s taking him aback slightly by its sheer strength. Is it just the fear of losing Rosie to a stranger?
“Some place called Simpson’s in the Strand,” Sherlock says, sounding slightly relieved at the shift in subject. “Corey looked up the menu and read parts of it to me. I think he’s worried that I didn’t like the last place he chose because of the oysters. He asked me what sort of places we usually go because I think he was trying to accommodate me. It’s rather hard to admit that, while forty-five pound entrées of prime rib and whatnot are great, what you and I typically go for is sushi on half-price night and greasy spoon breakfast joints. I told him we also can’t afford the likes of the places he usually goes, not every day, at least.”
I can’t help it; I’m bizarrely over-fond of watching the way being praised makes his cheeks pink up like that, and I’m rewarded by it again now. He ducks his face but I still catch the ghost of his pleased smile. “I noticed last night,” he says briskly, setting the bags down on the table and rapidly beginning to unpack them.
– twice! And after all of this, he and John will go back upstairs to the immensely comfortable-looking bed up in the loft bedroom, only this time, he’ll know it’s meant for him. There are whole worlds of discovery ahead: sleeping with John. And everything else that could happen, too. He looks down at the paper menu John left with him, still smiling. The night is young. First things first: butter chicken and samosas: yes. Everything else will follow as it likes.
He swats Sherlock in affection, on the arm, but then his hand stays and pats the same place, as though soothing it. A complete oxymoron, Sherlock thinks, looking at John’s face rather than his hand. “You know why you come,” he says in some perplexity. “I need you, John.”
“You tell us,” John retorts. “Let’s not play games here. You know very well that you’re in the wrong on multiple counts. You owe us both the truth, at the very least!”
John marvels inwardly that Sherlock sat there playing this game with these strangers and overtly compared him to them. Interesting. “And after?” he can’t help asking. “How did the night part go?”
John thinks of all the time they routinely spend together, particularly given that they live together, and feels better still. “Okay,” he says, not pointing this out.
They emerge into the mid-January sunlight blinking, the square in front of the train station filled with people bustling about. Sherlock checks the map on his phone. “Chilton College is about a fourteen-minute walk. Would you prefer to walk to take a taxi?”
Her knees are trying to collapse and John yanks out a chair from the kitchen table, having followed her inside, and sits her roughly down on it. “What the hell have you done?” he shouts. “Molly! Why would you do this? Do you
“No,” Sherlock tells him, glancing at John, who doesn’t contradict this. “Let us know when the details are set.”
“No – I didn’t mean to suggest that you are,” John says hastily. “I just – I hate that there’s anything that will make things difficult. More difficult,” he amends.
Sherlock swallows. He pulls back a little, testing, and finds that he can move, the slick of lubricant easing the way. He can feel John’s body loosening gradually, accepting him there, and begins to accelerate his pace little by little. It feels so good that he can hardly breathe, and prompted by John’s encouragements, he sets up a steady rhythm, pulling out a little further all the time to increase the friction of every thrust. He shifts angles experimentally, aiming to make John gasp even harder, looking for the same place he found with his fingers, and on the third shift he finds it.
He feels Sherlock’s hesitation as much as he hears it. “You didn’t mention that, either,” Sherlock says, a bit stiff. He looks down at the card. “
John glances at Karen, who sits down in the corner of the room near the door, taking a notepad out of her purse. “Are you staying?” he asks politely. “I thought this was a one-on-one session…”
“I want you to,” Sherlock interrupts, his voice all breath. He puts both hands on John’s arse again and thrusts up against him. “I’ve thought about this and I want – ”
“Thank God!” John’s face is echoing is relief. “I wanted to ask, but then thought maybe I shouldn’t even say anything, unless you brought it up. I’m so glad you did.”
The talk is just like all of the others. The lady at the lectern clearly knows nothing about education or pedagogy or in all probability, children, but rambles on for a long time about perversion taking root at an early age and the importance of abstinence-only education and keeping gay stuff off television. It’s boring and repetitive, but it’s only an hour long, at least. When it’s all over, Linda turns to him as though their conversation only just left off.
“Yes, you are,” Sherlock tells him. “We’ve got a talk about marriage. It’s for the unmarried people here.”
His pronunciation is slightly mangled, but Sherlock doesn’t comment on it. It shouldn’t be making him feel this fond, but it can’t be helped. “Sure,” he says easily. “You can choose. Far be it for me to argue with my doctor’s advice.”
“Then go on,” Sherlock says. He tactfully refrains from pointing out that Sarah’s mother is unlikely to share any negative opinions on the bread anytime soon.
John is already coming over to him, shaking his head. “I didn’t write a damn word of it,” he says fiercely. “Nor do I feel any of those things. I know how it must have seemed, after Mary died, and I know I was a total shit to you – and then that awful day at the hospital – all of that is my fault and I’m so fucking sorry, Sherlock! But I never wrote that letter. And I never thought any of that, ever.”
“It looks apocalyptic,” Sherlock insists, though he doesn’t back this up with any evidence of factual knowledge.
He wakes in the dark to one of Sherlock’s nightmares, instantly alert. “Sherlock!” He scoots closer and says Sherlock’s name again, placing a hand carefully on Sherlock’s rigid upper arm. Sherlock shouts out, but wakes, and John lets his hand relax, patting now. “It’s all right. It’s all right. You’re here. You’re home, and safe.”
They stop off at the wine store and buy two bottles: a cheap cabernet for the boeuf bourguignon and a better-quality bottle of merlot to drink with it. “Can’t we just call it beef stew?” John asks, picking up the paper bag containing the wine and shouldering the door open as they leave and nearly dislodging the wreath of holly hanging there in the process.
“I don’t know,” John admits. “I was glad to see you were getting some at all. Overrated as it may seem, it’s obviously healthy for you to have it. I could prescribe a sleeping aid, but most of them tend to enhance the possibility of nightmares, not reduce them.”
John looks down at his phone again. “The nearest dwelling in this direction is a farm,” he says. “Little Coop House Farm.” He looks out over the field, and nods at a cluster of low buildings in the distance. “I’m guessing that’s it. Do you suppose the farmer had anything to do with it?”
“Sofa,” John agrees, picking up the mugs and the milk, so Sherlock follows him through with the tea and the pot of sugar.
Sherlock nods and swallows again. “I love you, too,” he says quietly, and drops his head to put his mouth to mine again. It’s like they’re magnetically attracted to each other. That, or we’re both just finding it too hard to not be kissing pretty much all of the time right now.
Linda’s eyes sweep over his face. “And you obviously didn’t come here looking for a wife,” she says wryly. “I mean, your whole life is in London, I assume.”
John nods again, then pulls back just far enough to look Sherlock in the eyes. “So lucky,” he says, his voice intense, then he leans in and puts their mouths together for a long time.
He doesn’t text back right away, so she orders a curry from the place down the street and makes herself a cup of tea. In fact, Sherlock doesn’t respond until she’s in the bath she opted for over a shower, and it’s rather short when it comes:
Later that evening, after the dishes have been finished and everyone has gone home, Sherlock comes back into the kitchen where John is just wiping down the table. He stops in the doorway, watching him for a moment. “John.”
John shrugs. “It doesn’t matter. You have the right to know anything. I’m giving you access, Sherlock. Forever.”
“It is, and I’m sure,” Mycroft says, averting his gaze. “Positive. The extent of his devotion alone is suggestive of much more than platonic attachment.”
“It did,” Sherlock confirms. “They seem to have bought the story. I said that we’re travelling to Sarajevo now, might look for a hotel to stop at earlier, then maybe down to Dubrovnik and the coast. He told me that it’s probably further than we think. That’s when I laughed. He asked if we’re coming back into Serbia and I said no, that we’ll leave from either here in Bosnia or maybe Croatia, and that seemed to satisfy him.”
Sherlock actually smiles at this, though. “I’ll admit that I was actively trying to make you jealous. It rather backfired on me, though. But then I rather showed my hand after that, too, reacting the way I did.”
“Yes?” John whispers against his open mouth, and Sherlock makes a long, low sound of feverish assent. “You too, then,” John adds, still whispering. “Just if you want.”
Once the kettle’s boiled, he makes a pot of tea – not procrastinating, of course. It just might be nice to have on hand. That’s all. He picks up the pot and two clean mugs and carries them over to the coffee table, where he’s already set out the milk and sugar. Sherlock is sitting at the desk, typing on his laptop and studiously ignoring him. John clears his throat. “So, you want to get started, then?” he asks, as casually as he possibly can.
Sherlock swallows. “I love you,” he says again, and John has no choice but to kiss him again. They lie there that way for a long time, facing each other on the grass in each other’s arms, all concept of time forgotten. It’s probably still early enough, anyway – they ducked out right after dinner, John thinks vaguely, not caring particularly. Sherlock strokes the hair back from his forehead. “I’ve never even imagined being this happy,” he says, with such stark honesty that it almost hurts to hear. “I didn’t even know it was possible.”
John is still smiling into his eyes, the midnight blue of his own coming out in the light of the candle flickering at the side of the table. “I’ve only ever done this once before,” he says. “And last time, it was difficult. Now I know exactly why: it was because I knew it wasn’t the right choice. This time, it’s the easiest thing in the world. I love you, Sherlock. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. We’ve already said that, I know. We’ve even promised it. I just want to go one step further and make it completely official. Will you marry me?”
,” John repeats, his voice more pained than ever. “Would you stop – jumping to conclusions, please?”
Sherlock turns his head away from the horsemen at this and smiles at him again. It’s a fond smile, not mocking in any way. “The statue?”
Sherlock feels his forehead crease as he slices into the steaming lasagna. “Of course I wouldn’t,” he says, trying to keep an instinctive sharpness from his voice. “It’s no sacrifice, John. Don’t even suggest it. It’s not on the table. Meanwhile, that cider looks promising. Open it, would you?”
They’ve tried almost everything there is to try, never turning down a new idea or position or place, and instead of becoming dull with familiarity, Sherlock is amazed to see that the sense of intimacy just grows continually. John’s body feels as familiar as his own, and he loves cataloguing the sounds he makes, the specific expressions that come across his face, the particular muscle groups activated. The things he says during sex, or after, and then there’s all of the space in between. The small things – the little touches and looks and words, all of which serve to bind them more and more tightly together. It’s like being on a permanent high, and Sherlock is insanely happy, as he described it to John over breakfast the other day. “Every time I think I can’t feel any happier, another day occurs and I think that I’m even happier than I was the day before,” he told John, their hands linked across the table as they ate.
, that’s it. Probably true, though. He’s tried so hard to give John what he wanted, allow him to have the life he wanted, even if it hadn’t included much of him in the end. To give him back a sense of purpose and the facility to live that out however he pleased. To free him from the consequences of Mary’s past, should it return to haunt them both. To free him from Mary’s potential retaliation, the night John learned who she really was, and what she’d done. The bullet she’d put into Sherlock’s heart. He’d never forgotten that John once got himself arrested simply because the police chief of the moment (bumbling fool that he was) had said something mildly insulting about him, how defensive John had become over such a small thing. His fury at Mary that night in the sitting room was precisely what Sherlock had predicted it would be, and he’d gone in prepared to spare John from any potential retaliation from Mary. He remembers her standing there, by the hearth: hands interlinked backward, shoulders tense, eyes wary, trained on John – a caged animal, and a dangerous one. It’s one thing for John to go up against half of London’s thugs, but Mary was – is, rather – a criminal of another class. A professional assassin, and one who had just risked everything including the life of the best man at her wedding to prevent the exact scenario that was playing out between the three of them. He could not permit her to lash out should John have left her that night, as he was clearly about to do. He was seconds away from his heart giving out and in no position to protect John in any other way. So he’d lied to John about Mary’s intentions, convinced him to stay with her, and Mary hadn’t contradicted his invented motives for her, smoothly going along with it to her own advantage.
John opens his mouth to say something in response to this, but then Sherlock lowers his face and surrounds John’s cock with the wet heat of his mouth and every thought or word flees John’s brain, replaced wholly with instant pleasure flooding his senses. He hears himself make some sort of breathless, non-verbal sound, his hips canting up, fingers scrabbling at the sheet beneath him to grasp at something,
Mum and Harry exchange a look, then they both look at John. “Okay,” Harry says dubiously. It’s clear that she’s got more to say on the subject, but Sherlock cuts in before she can.
Sherlock comes in from the kitchen with two mugs of tea and sets them down on the coffee table, then silently turns to them and puts his arms around them both. It’s shattering for both of them, John thinks, holding Sherlock with his free arm and hating Mary with all of his strength for having done this to them.
I shake my head, trying to get the tightness to leave my throat. “My pyjamas are upstairs. Do you want me to…?”
His doctorly authority has returned to his voice and Sherlock submits to it readily. “All right,” he says mildly. “If you want to make us tea, far be it for me to object.”
This hits closer and John winces and looks away. “We’re friends,” he says, the words only just clearing a whisper. “Best friends.”
Sherlock smiles. “Oh, it’s perfectly logical,” he assures John. “My only doubt lies in my ability to be that close to you without touching you. But I also can’t take the thought of not sitting with you, so – agreed. Meet me by the lifts in ten?”
! The dry-cleaners!” Lestrade just goggles at them both, utterly lost, but Sherlock is off and running with John hard on his heels before the man can even say anything.
“No, let me,” Sherlock insists, already going for the kettle. He fills it hastily and plugs it in, flips the switch, then combs his fingers through his hair. “Er – have you eaten?”
John looks at Sherlock and thinks of the way they were sitting on the kitchen floor just a couple of hours earlier, kissing as though they couldn’t have stopped with guns pointed at their heads, and he smiles. “I think so, yeah,” he says, and Sherlock’s fingers tighten just perceptibly.
Hopkins looks at Donovan. “The teenager,” she says. “If it’s the same perpetrator, is there any chance he took her to look after the kids?”
He starts up the starts. It’s been about three weeks since the end of all that mess with Sherlock’s sister, three weeks since he’s been back here all the time, first just helping out with the renovations, then eventually moving back in. It already feels as though he never left. This place was always more of a home to him than most of the other places he’s lived. He said as much to Ella on Monday at their appointment. It was their third since he went back to her, trying to sort out the mess which is his life somehow. It made sense; she’s the one who knows the rest of it already. After three long two-hour sessions, some of it has started to shift into place, started making sense. He went in thinking they’d be talking mostly about grieving, but so many other things have come up. It’s more complicated than he originally thought. Ella’s managed to get him to see that much.
“No, we’ve got to put it in the slow cooker,” John tells him. He goes back to the pan and prods the bacon again.
The idea is actually appealing. The case has been running for weeks now and it feels good to have it done at last and to relax. There’s no hurry to get back to London for once. Sherlock looks at John and sees the same sentiment there, so he nods. “Sure. Why not?”
“Good thinking.” Sherlock considers. “Do you want to take your time? I know you haven’t had as much time to explore as you would have liked…”
“That it went deeper than that,” John says, meeting his gaze steadily. “It was about trying to ruin both our lives. She drugged me, tried to make me think I was completely off my nut. She faked her death in such a way as to make me forever feel guilty over whatever that texting thing with Eurus was, while at the same time literally telling you to go and get yourself killed. She didn’t even know me well enough to know whether or not it would work on me – and it didn’t, because I was busy being the lowest, worst version of myself in a way I’d rather not ever see myself do again. I was drinking, eaten with guilt over not having loved her, not having wanted Rosie. I mean, I barely even saw Rosie for a month or two. And now that we’re together, look at this: we’ve got a baby that isn’t, genetically speaking, either one of ours. We love her – of course. That goes without saying. But why, one might ask, should we give up everything we love doing in order to raise Mary and David’s child?”
Mary lifts up her shirt to show her growing belly. “I’m getting bigger,” she says, looking down at it.
Brad clears his throat. “I’m going to have to agree with you and Thom,” he says, nodding at the younger man next to him. “My money’s on John. Takes a top to know a top, right?” This last he aims at John, who grins and neither confirms nor denies it.
“Couldn’t be helped,” he says, then takes my hand and turns outward to acknowledge the applause. “Yes, all right,” he says, trying to sound cross, but it comes off sounding remarkably indulgent. “Now you know. Congratulations to whomever won the bet.” He nods in Horton’s direction. “Do what you like with this one. He tried to shoot us but lost his nerve and ran away. He didn’t hurt us in the end.”
She wrinkles her nose and tries to agree at the same time. “Yeah. Really good,” she echoes, but it’s faint.
Sherlock had swallowed the spoonful of chocolate mousse he’d been eating and said, “It’s up to you,” as neutrally as he could muster it.
So when he pulls back some time later and says, his bottom lip looking deliciously well-kissed and red, “We don’t necessarily have to wait until the case is over…”, I blink at him and then smile.
Sherlock glances at John, then pulls out one of the kitchen chairs. “Bob, if you wouldn’t mind…” he says, rather politely for him, and Bob gets the gist.
Sherlock is silent, and his silence betrays the truth, his lack of denial or correction a confirmation in and of itself.
Sherlock very successfully manages not to laugh at this. “And where was her hand at the time?” he asks briskly.
Sherlock feels his eyebrows fly upward and looks at John in shock, but John actually looks quite composed. “And she just… told you this,” he says, his eyes fixed on Molly.
Mycroft inclines his head. “Yes. For the record, I’m – satisfied with how that came about. That it did come about.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” John tells him. “None of it was: not Mary’s death, not my reaction to you after, not her ridiculous message – I mean, was she actively
If John is disappointed, he doesn’t show it. “All right,” he says, and sets off in the direction of the north guest wing.
“And did she?” Ella asks, fascinated in spite of herself. Though, considering John’s pre-existing history of trust issues, she does worry about the level of damage this marriage will have added to his already-considerable issues.
They exchange a look, then both nod, clearing their throats. John flexes his hands several times and Sherlock surreptitiously presses his palms to his thighs once before locking his fingers together in an iron grip.
“I used to get so jealous, watching you and Mary share desserts,” he says, digging his fork into their sticky toffee pudding.
“No. Absolutely not.” Sherlock turns his head to put his lips to John’s temple. “I was impressed by your resolve. Are you… having any conflicted feelings about the way it all happened?”
Sherlock’s eyes are on John’s restless hands. “You know what I want,” he says, his voice almost too low to be audible. There’s a pause, then he adds, “I want you… to be with me. But only if you want to.”
“And I threw you to the floor, onto your back. With all of my weight on top of you.” John’s voice is flat. He stops touching the scars and puts his arm tightly around Sherlock’s back, laying his head down on Sherlock’s shoulder. “How can you possibly love me, after everything I’ve done to you, and everything you’ve done for me?”
I stop, because Sherlock is on his feet and moving urgently toward me. He says my name and crowds me up against the counter with his hips, and I can feel how aroused he got just in that short time that I was talking, his heart is thudding against my chest. “I need you,” he breathes, his voice low. “Right here. Right now. Can – ”
, of course it does!” he shouts, suddenly furious. His face turns redder. “You’ve been trying to make me say it for years, so fine: I loved him, okay? He’s the most important person to’ve ever come into my life and I just about fucking killed him! Is that what you want me to say? Are you happy now?”
John wonders how small she thinks England is, precisely, and forces a smile. “As a matter of fact, I do, yes. We’re work colleagues.” He feels Sherlock’s eyes on him, so he adds, “And friends, of course. Yeah. We travelled here together.” Betty immediately looks wary, so John hastens to explain. “We’re actually here researching ideas for our parallel movement at home in the UK.”
This last slips out without his meaning to say it, and he immediately hears how desperate it makes him sound. John looks at him, his lips parting a little. “That’s not true,” he says, his voice low. “You’ve – given me so much more than that. And I’m grateful for everything you’ve done, both financially and otherwise. If you don’t mind paying for things, then I’ll shut up about it. I mean it.”
Kimberly crosses her arms. “I’m calling your bluff, too,” she says. “You’re just posing. You’re here investigating a case. You’re not really a couple at all.”
He turns onto his back and looks at John at last, his expression very serious. John isn’t quite sure what to say. “I don’t feel tethered,” he says truthfully. “This is where I want to be, Sherlock. Here. With you.” He searches Sherlock’s eyes for a moment, then adds, “I’m in no rush to go for a drink with Stamford, or anyone else. I’m completely content. Kind of enjoying this little step back from the rush of ‘regular’ life, whatever that is. Please don’t think anything otherwise, okay? I’m exactly where I want to be right now.” That might be saying too much – especially given that where he happens to be ‘right now’ is in Sherlock’s bed, but maybe Sherlock needs that reassurance. Maybe even including the bed part.
This is rather insightful on Sherlock’s part and John finds himself touched by his perception. “I suppose, yeah,” he says. He pauses, thinking about it. “Do you… I don’t know, feel okay? About what was all said?”
If the stakes were any lower, Sherlock would almost feel triumphant as he leads John by the hand back into the Baker Street sitting room, but the situation is far too precarious for that. They packed John a suitcase, nothing more. Nothing of Rosie’s. (“Later,” Sherlock said vaguely, stuffing the shirts John placed on the unmade bed into the small case, trying to make good on his claim to take John away immediately.) As it is, they enter the sitting room and into a large and apprehensive blank, a question mark that neither of them knows how to address.
Inside, the late afternoon crowd is just beginning to gather. They find themselves a small corner table and wedge themselves around it. The table itself is very small and this forces a proximity on them that Sherlock feels distinctly uncomfortable with, given their recent conversations, but endeavours not to notice it, or to notice John noticing it. “What are you going to have?” he asks, keeping his voice neutral as he studies the pub menu scrawled on a board above the bar.
Sherlock shrugs. “It’s rather famous for its music, although none of the other colleges is exactly poor quality, either.” He’s quiet for a bit, beginning to walk again in the opposite direction. “My father liked to go there when we were here. To Evensong, to hear the choir.”
He looks over at John’s quietly snoring form and feels a deep stab of longing. He can’t even put into words what the longing is for, specifically, just that it lies beyond the borders of his personal experience, of his expertise, in some forbidden area that he cannot breach. He does not think himself a coward, but there are boundaries that must be guarded, kept secure, and this is one of them. There are many reasons for it, but if he had to put the first and foremost into words, it simply comes down to his quiet personal conviction that what he feels for John is far stronger than what John thinks he feels for him, and that the resultant imbalance would prove overwhelming and uncomfortable for John once he were to realise. And that point, Sherlock would be left without resource or aid, dangerously overextended, all of his most privately feelings laid bare, with no way to regain his own fortress or salvage the ruins of their friendship from that disastrous point to any recognisable extent. It’s the only way to proceed that will leave them with anything.
Sherlock opens his eyes and looks into John’s, not letting go. John laughs and bends to kiss him for a long moment, his mouth as addictive as ever.
“We’re going to be swimming in champagne,” John points out. “We haven’t even opened that bottle in the fridge.”
Sherlock leans over, reaches for the glass and gulps the water down, his back still heaving, and John watches him with compassion.
I’ve no choice but to kiss him again, so I do. It goes on until we both start to feel disgusting in our soiled pants and trousers. “I should take a shower,” I say. “I didn’t have time this morning.”
Sherlock nods. “I don’t want it to make you feel obligated, or – diminished,” he says awkwardly. “I just want it to free you to do – whatever you feel you need to do.”
John finds a condom in his hand, still wrapped, and looks down at it. It’s his size, the same brand as he keeps in his bedroom. It probably is one of his, he realises, and his mouth goes dry at knowing that Sherlock has definitely been planning this. He tears the package with his teeth and rolls the condom onto himself, then gets a generous amount of lube slicked over himself. “Okay,” he says, his voice gone rough. He smooths a hand down Sherlock’s side, the touch probably more tender than he should be giving, but he can’t help it at this point. It’s the last time anything like this is going to happen and he’s feeling it poignantly. He squeezes Sherlock’s left cheek and pulls it away slightly, rubbing his cock into him, then fitting it into position with his fingers. “Breathe,” he says, his entire chest aching with tenderness for Sherlock.
The kitchen staff really have outdone themselves, whole lobsters and carved ice bowls of cocktail prawns, then there’s roasted beef, chicken, and ham, heaping salads, baguettes, Yorkshire puddings, roasted potatoes, mashed potatoes, risottos, and nearly every sort of vegetable under the sun. They feast themselves, washing it all down with excellent wine. Kyle announces that the dancing is to start a little while later, and that dessert will be served starting in half an hour.
Mary shakes her head a little, but doesn’t deny it, still looking down. “They were on case after case, completely ignoring me. I could barely get John to pay attention to me long enough to plan our wedding. To be fair, Sherlock could barely get his attention for that, either. Sherlock did about ninety percent of our wedding planning, if you want to know. Hardly a commendation to his heterosexuality, but what do I know. So I blatantly encouraged them to go off on another one. It was a moment of weakness. Sherlock had just finished telling me that half my wedding guests hate me – he even made a list, and it was double-sided – and so when they left, I texted David to come over and I fucked him in John’s old bed at Baker Street.” She shakes her head again, her lips pursing. “It was stupid. So stupid. But that one time… and here I am. John and I hadn’t even talked about kids, and suddenly there’s Sherlock announcing that I’m pregnant to the whole world at the wedding. John and I always used condoms.”
“Well – what’s your preference?” she asks. “Would you rather come together or separately? I have time for either this afternoon. Or both. Whatever you like.” She doesn’t tell him that Sherlock was entirely right, that leaving Bill meant leaving herself a little strapped for cash. She would never pursue an appointment for her own interests, though. Of course not.
John smiles at him, feeling so much he thinks his heart could crack open under the weight of it. “Nothing about you is inadequate, in any way,” he says softly. “And – yeah. That was phenomenal. Absolutely fucking phenomenal.”
He might have snickered at that; I’m too aroused to be able to care. He’s dragging his tongue over my cock and through the hair of my balls, apparently not at all put off by that, his hands stroking over my thighs at the same time. He lifts his mouth after a bit. “Turn over?” he requests.
about Mary, something concrete. She’s old and hardly able to dash off into the action, but she feels so useless nonetheless. Suddenly it hits her and she stops her digging: she’s not a soldier, for God’s sake: she’s a thinker! For all that she’s castigated herself over having put too much value on pure rationality with the boys, now would be a good time to put her brain to real use.
“I know. Me too. Me too.” John’s fingers are in his hair, stroking and tugging just roughly enough to make it all feel even better, and Sherlock gets his arms under John’s back and holds him so tightly John’s ribs might crack. John doesn’t mind at all, holding him just as tightly.
“It’s so peaceful out there,” John observes. When Sherlock doesn’t answer, he moves his hands and looks at him. “You know,” he says, “I was very glad when Mycroft said we should stay. I don’t want to leave yet. Not after what happened today, between us.”
Lee nods. “Yeah, okay,” he agrees. “Well – there’s still a fair bit of time left, if you want to come back to the workshop…”
I want to ask. But some things just need to come out in their own time, I think again. What he said while we were cooking was already huge. I’m not going to push, this once in my life. I’m quite content to let this happen in its own way, at its own speed.
“I still would have understood,” Sherlock insists, looking at him now. “All in good time. When you’re ready.”
He clears his throat. “Yeah. Okay.” He keeps his eyes on Sherlock’s as he starts, his lube-covered fingers massaging his hole, then slipping inside, first one, then another. God. The heat of Sherlock’s body is unexpected, the grip around John’s fingers intoxicating. Sherlock is breathing hard, sweat gleaming on his forehead, but he doesn’t seem to want it to go any more slowly. John’s three fingers deep when Sherlock produces a condom from somewhere, the crinkly packet suddenly there at the heel of John’s hand. John looks at it, the questioning dying on his lips even before he can ask it. That confirms Sherlock’s intention beyond question, then. “Yeah, all right,” he mumbles, agreeing to the condom. “Who even knows who you’ve all been with?”
bucked the trend on occasion,” he says, equally lightly, not acknowledging the whole other bit about things being back to normal, that them sharing a bed hasn’t changed everything, that they’re not both still very much aware of the spectre of Sherlock’s trauma hanging over everything like a shadow. “We’ve gone for other cuisines sometimes.”
“But you made it,” John says. “I’m the idiot who should have known. I didn’t think it through. I mean, I thought about it for an entire night, but I still just didn’t – get there. I didn’t think she would actually try to kill me rather than give me a straight answer about Rosie. Or anything else.”
“So, did you text him?” John asks the next morning, coming into the kitchen to find Sherlock drinking coffee and reading the papers.
Sherlock glances at John and turns away, lifting his phone to his ear. “Mycroft,” he says after a moment, his tone intense. “Need a quick favour.”
“They’re – good,” Sherlock says, with difficulty, raising his eyes to John’s face, his own distinctly warm now.
At least the bones were fake, John thinks in the morning, pouring himself a tall cup of coffee and pinching the bridge of his nose, trying to clear away the fatigue. The bones in the well, that is. When they had Molly check, it quickly became evident that they were realistic creations, likely taken from a laboratory skeleton somewhere, but ultimately not human at all. Redbeard was a dog, in the end, as Sherlock had thought. It doesn’t make it all that much less horrifying, given that Eurus still drowned the poor beast, and it likely didn’t make it all that much easier for Sherlock, either, but it’s something. Having those bones rising up around him like a spectre had only made the well all the more nightmarish, though. The horror had gripped him, leaving him to stutter stupidly,
sleeping with Sherlock in a way that’s never happened with anyone else before him. In the past he’s always somewhat resented having to share his sleeping space, feeling almost territorial about it when it was his own bed, or else uncomfortable and out of place when it was his girlfriend’s, or Mary’s. Their hair would be in his face, elbows poking him in the wrong places, their touch somehow too hot or heavy or tight no matter where on his person it landed. He’d find himself lying rigidly on his back, staring at the ceiling and trying not to listen to the other person’s breathing or snoring or the myriad of weird and unattractive sounds people make in their sleep, unable to think of anything but the stuffiness of the room, the wrong texture of the bedding, the fact that his bladder was just full enough to keep him from being comfortable. He’d want to push her over, shake off her touch, whoever it was. Unless it was a specific precursor to sex, but once that was done, he honestly would have preferred to leave, or have her leave. But this, with Sherlock, is like night and day. He used to sneak furtive looks at Sherlock’s long limbs and aureole of curls and try to imagine what it would even be like trying to share a bed with him, those long legs everywhere, arms awkwardly stuck here and there, Sherlock’s longer form taking up too much space and having no idea how to accommodate the presence of another person there with him.
Sherlock looks at John and they reluctantly struggle to their feet, Sherlock swaying a little on his. That would be the beer, he thinks vaguely. He and John go around behind the sofa to position themselves for their turns in the silly game and he already feels colder without their proximity. He catches several and so does John, and then Lestrade starts making it more difficult.
“Mind your step on the stairs,” Sherlock calls after her and she hoots and dismisses him instantly. He looks at John and rolls his eyes. “That’s the last thing we need, to have her falling down the stairs with two hot cast iron pans in her hands,” he says crossly.
“Suddenly I’m famished,” John says. The table hasn’t been laid yet, so he beelines for a cupboard to get some plates. “What have you made?”
He delivers this rather coolly, but Molly doesn’t back down. “But do you really want that?” she presses. “I mean, what are you going to do with her when you’ve got a case on? Don’t tell me you’d hire a nanny or something, just for those times! I’d hate to have some stranger looking after her, when you’ve got three other people here who love Rosie and actively
“Why did I come back, then?” John goes on, still speaking to the window. “I thought you maybe wanted this. Or – something more than what it was, at least.”
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth quirk. “I wasn’t expecting to like it so much when you touched me – there,” he says, not coming out and saying it explicitly. “However…”
Sherlock is not in bed when John wakes up, and his heart sinks immediately. So much for just waking up and talking about it, then. What time is it? He leans over and checks his phone and it’s already a little after ten. He thinks uneasily about Rosie and hopes Mrs Hudson’s done her usual thing and got her up and the rest of it. He should probably go and check. He gets out of bed and goes to pull on his dressing gown, glancing at Sherlock’s side of the bed. The linens have been pulled down over his place as though he was trying to smooth away any evidence that he was even there. Or maybe he was just trying to leave it looking tidy, John tells himself. No point going and leaping to conclusions or looking for drama where there maybe isn’t any. First things first: Rosie.
It resumes in the flat, John kissing him in the sitting room for a long while, and time stops registering for Sherlock. He doesn’t know how long it goes on for, but it lasts long enough for him to begin to genuinely relax into it, start feeling that he has some idea of what to do. They move to the sofa eventually, and after a time it eases off again. They sit there with their fingers tangled together, Sherlock still marvelling at the very novelty of being permitted to touch John this way. He voices the thought and John smiles at him and agrees, then decides to make them a pot of tea. When he comes back from the kitchen, he asks about any cases on Sherlock’s blog, so they solve a few together from there on the sofa, still sitting close together. Sherlock shows him some that he solved mentally in the past few days and sends his answers to the people who asked, caring far more about John’s current proximity than about the cases – outrageously more, and finds that he cannot make himself care about this in the slightest.
“It’s arousing to get someone else off, okay?” John knows he sounds defensive, sitting there with his palms turned up.
“We’re fine – no, you know what, round up the other admin staff and let them know, okay?” Lestrade asks. “We’ll deal with the files and the – rest of it,” he says, meaning the search of the ravine.
John’s mouth moves behind his mask in a way that suggests he might be biting his lip. “I… I can’t really say. I just… yeah. Would you mind? I’ve… I’ve got you a ticket already.”
John smiles, too, glancing at him over the single sheet. “I can’t believe you remember that. It’s got to have been four years since we were here!”
“Ah, but does that mean he leads in everything?” Todd asks him, sounding thoughtful. “I wonder. Besides, John’s got a bit of a swagger of his own, if you look closely. It’s subtler, but that may actually just sway me more toward John.”
John immediately thinks that he could point out that everything else that Sherlock and Corey have done so far constitutes ‘real’ sex, but that’s rather beside the point, and besides, his mouth has gone dry at the very notion, jealousy rising into his mouth like poison gas. He makes himself nod. (He knew this was coming. It’s not like it’s that much worse than anything else Sherlock has already done with Corey.) “So where do I come in?” he asks, his voice barely even sounding like his own.
“Lestrade didn’t say. Presumably not, or he wouldn’t have involved us. Although there are generally dozens right under his nose,” Sherlock adds, scoffing, but he’s working to suppress his excitement.
John looks around, then pulls him off the crowded pavement and into a narrow space between two buildings, and kisses him for a long, very sweet moment, regardless of the passers-by. Sherlock finds he doesn’t care even slightly what they might think: the only person whose opinion matters to him now is John’s. When the kiss ebbs off, Sherlock puts both hands on John’s face to draw his mouth back and John leans into him and kisses him with even more hunger, as though Sherlock’s invitation has released something in him. They’re both trying so hard, Sherlock thinks, his eyes closed as he revels in the kiss: both of them so certain that he had damaged this fragile, so-long-unspoken thing between them well beyond the point of salvation. But now they have it, and the having of it is earth-shattering.
“I don’t deserve your protection,” John says, his throat feeling raw. He feels abjectly unworthy in every possible way. “And I don’t deserve any kindness from you, either, after everything I’ve done.”
Somehow this makes John almost choke up. “Yeah, I’m here,” he says, fighting down the roughness in his voice.
She sighs. The kettle comes to a boil and she occupies her mind with the small task of making tea. Perhaps Desmond will come in and have a cup with her, but the last she saw, he was out behind the garden shed, stacking logs. Best she leave him to it. Besides, she’s got a phone call to make, an unpleasant one, and she’d rather be alone for it. The entire topic would just upset Desmond all over again, and she’d rather spare him that.
Smirnov rolls his eyes. “You put a tracker on my car. So I tracked your rental and put one on yours when you stopped by my station. I saw you at my house. And then you drove right up to my station. But enough talk: say goodbye to your little bodyguard, Holmes.”
John makes a motion that might be a shrug. “I don’t know. It’s… hard to say. I mean, I’m aware that the best thing for Rosie would be stability. She’s not had anywhere near enough of that in her short life and that’s… but I think I’d definitely like to have her sometimes, if you think it would work.”
Sherlock finally looks at him. “If one of your post-nightmare hugs is on offer, I’d take it,” he says, a bit stiffly, but John gets the awkwardness in asking.
Sherlock gives me an uncertain almost-smile. “Okay,” he says, but the flush has returned to his cheeks and spread down into his chest. He’s definitely very aroused.
Berners Tavern is a newer discovery for us, but we both really like it. It’s furnished in dark wood and gleaming brass trim, with tasteful lighting. It’s like upscale (okay: very upscale) pub food. Sherlock ordered the venison Wellington, but he’s stopped eating, watching me carefully. He looks a bit relieved now and reaches for his wine. “I see,” he says, sipping it. “Is that why you looked so worried?”
His tone is a bit hard, but the words are honest and most importantly, on the exterior. Ella studies him for a few moments and decides against making John qualify or explain this. She somewhat assumes that it’s as clear to Sherlock as it is to her, and she would prefer to steer clear of giving John further opportunities to berate himself. “What about the other way around?” she asks. “What if you were the one on the bottom?” She uses the term calmly, trying to normalise it for him.
“Half a dozen raisin and half a dozen lemon cranberry.” John watches him, trying to push down the stupid amounts of fondness welling up in him at Sherlock’s smile.
“So after you removed the cheesecake at about nine-thirty in the morning, no one else had cause to go near the freezer,” Sherlock says. He looks across the table at John. “There’s our window.” He stands abruptly. “Thank you all for your time. Sorry to have disturbed your lunch.”
John makes a hummed sound of agreement directly into Sherlock’s flesh, lifts off just long enough to encourage him. “Please,” he says, his own voice wrecked with arousal. “Come in my mouth, Sherlock – I want you to – ” He goes back to sucking Sherlock off, squeezing his arse from beneath and pulling him deeper into his throat. He feels it a split second before it happens. Sherlock cries out, then his breath chokes off and tremors shake through his body. He comes in hot spatter against the back of John’s throat, buried so deeply there that John doesn’t even taste it. There’s another gasp of breath and then he’s spurting again, his entire frame convulsing. John swallows and swallows, then pulls back so that only the head of Sherlock’s cock is in his mouth, massaging the head of it as the last of it ebbs out onto his tongue.
He shoos her toward the stairs. “You’ve got lipstick on your teeth,” he tells her crossly, but this only makes her laugh. She departs at last, and Sherlock goes to deposit himself in his chair across from John. “Giving away all my secrets,” he complains, but it’s meant as a joke.
Sherlock dimples roguishly at him. “Would it be too forward to admit that I’m in active hope of it proving useful again in the rather near future?”
“Though I suppose that’s why most couples do the honeymoon first and the baby after,” she says philosophically. “Perhaps you should go away for a few days. A week or two. Get it out of your systems.”
He starts cutting into his waffles and avoids John’s eyes, which he can nonetheless feel. John turns back to Scott. “Don’t give up just yet,” he says. “You never know what can happen. All kinds of things are possible when you really love each other. I believe that.”
The receptionist is standing near the door. “He should be right with you,” she says worriedly. “His current patient should be out in just a moment.”
“What allergy?” Norman’s eyes are moving rapidly back and forth between us, and he still hasn’t opened the door all the way.
I want to do something for him. Life has just got so incredibly fantastic. I hardly think that either of us could be happier. This life we have now is like a dream – just one happy day after another. But I want to give him even more of myself. Listening to him talk about what he went through while he was away the other day, my fingertips tracing the barely-tangible traces of the scars on his back as he did, made me wish that I could give him back even a fraction of that. And maybe this isn’t much, but it’s something I could do and something I already wanted to do, anyway. So I start on Monday night after he’s fallen asleep. I know I’ve got to be stealthy about this to get away without him noticing what I’m up to, because I don’t want to tell him until I’m ready to give him this part of myself entirely. I creep into the loo and quietly take the smallest of the butt plugs we bought out of its packaging. Sherlock went directly to the medium, I notice with a smirk. He does have a strong familiarity with my girth at this point, so presumably he thought he’d better start strong. It takes me a lot of fumbling, wincing, and even more lube, but once the plug has slipped into place, it’s pretty comfortable, actually. I can see what he means, too, about being a bit excited about having it there. I remember feeling that way about my old prostate toy, and suddenly I kind of wish the butt plug vibrated. We did buy a toy like that one, just for fun, but it’s a bit bigger than the one I had. I look down at myself and see that my cock is plumped out a little where it’s resting on my balls. Sherlock and I stroked each other off before we went to sleep (or before he did, that is), but I could almost go again, I think. I clean everything up and wash my lube-covered hands, then sneak back into bed. Sherlock stirs a little, but doesn’t wake, reaching for me in his sleep. I press my nude form up against his, draping my arm around his warm middle and manage to fall asleep despite the slight ache of want that’s gathered in my balls.
“Fine,” Sherlock says, and sets the radio down again. He backs away from the window, then drops to his knees again. “Sorry,” he mutters, then carefully peels my underwear off me and takes a good, long look at my cock. I wait, almost a bit nervous by this. I mean, I know I’ve got nothing to worry about in general, but one never knows. Plus it’s Sherlock: physical perfection in every way. I don’t want to either rush him or prompt him to say something nice about my junk, but then he licks his lips and says, “You’re gorgeous, too, you know.” His eyes flick up to mine. “And your – this – is… um. Fantastic.”
Stacey laughs. “Makes perfect sense. I’ve already got my dress, so I didn’t need it either, and Greg would have been bored stiff.”
John shifts a little closer and finally permits himself to stroke lower, over the firm curves of Sherlock’s incredible arse, and he feels the breath huff out of Sherlock’s mouth near his ear, hot and sensual. “Okay?” he murmurs, turning his face into Sherlock’s jaw line to suck gently at the hard corner of it, then lower to lip at his neck.
(What was that?) John wonders, but the universe declines to provide him with any answers. “Good night,” he says, then lies awake for the next half hour just turning it over in his head.
a level of self-honesty that would allow him to even consider returning your feelings. I couldn’t stand watching you do that to yourself. So I gave him a choice.”
“Yes, often,” Ella replies mildly. “But we’ve barely scratched the surface with you. That might be a better place to start. I can see that you care about your friend very deeply. The best way to know him better might be to start with yourself.”
Sherlock looks into his eyes and smiles. “Well, an idea had occurred,” he says, almost demurely. “But I also thought that perhaps you might not be in the mood…”
Alarmed, Sherlock finds himself on his feet before he realised what he was doing, crossing the room to John in four large steps. He pushes the clutter on the coffee table aside and sits down on it, reaching forward to touch John’s shoulder. “You haven’t,” he says, but John interrupts him, flinching away from his touch.
I tighten my arms, closing my eyes and reveling in the feeling of holding him like this. “So am I, Sherlock. Just so very, very glad. Thank you for being the brave one and starting the conversation.”
A tall man in his late thirties slides by them. “Nice,” he says to John, very admiringly. “Very nice, indeed.”
Suddenly Sherlock grabs at my forearm and his cock spasms. He lets out a single, sharp sound of need from his nose and mouth at the same time and then he’s coming all over my cock and lower abdomen, and it’s so hot that I moan, myself, my cock twitching like it’s physically reaching for him. Sherlock’s forehead is condensed, his mouth stretched wide almost in a grimace as his cock spurts again, another hot glob of it landing on my skin. “Sorry!” he gasps, his entire frame shaking.
that. I just – hadn’t got all the way there yet. I have now. I mean it, Sherlock.” He takes a deep breath. “The truth is that I love you, and I have for a long time already. I just – couldn’t see it clearly until today.”
Molly nods. “I completely understand that,” she says, and means it. The red haze stays, thickening in her throat. “So David – was that – I don’t know, revenge?”
“You might want to, yeah,” John admits. “Not apologise. I don’t think you owe him an apology for having got out when you did. But you could say something – you know, just to let him know that it wasn’t a problem. I get that you don’t want him to know how new this is for you. I really do. But just – something to give him a sign that you’re still interested. If you want to see him again, you could even suggest something?”
They walk back. The path takes them through the trees now, and Sherlock notices that on this side, the hills are lined in green. It must be that the valley side is more protected from the elements, he reasons, then decides to share this observation aloud with John. John agrees and says he’d noticed the same thing. There’s an easier companionship between them now than there was when they first arrived, Sherlock thinks. It’s progress. Or perhaps they’re both just feeling mellow due to the walk and the beauty of their surroundings. Either way, he’s glad of it, and thinks that he can see why Ravine Valley has the reputation it does for helping couples with their relationships. He wishes again that he and John were here for that and nothing more.
“That we did,” Sherlock says, without meaning the berries at all, and John hears his unspoken meaning and smiles.
John takes the small box and squints at the label, and makes out just enough that he’s got a pretty solid idea of what it is. Lube: Sherlock is proposing they buy lube. He swallows. “I thought that lotion worked pretty well,” he tries, which is meant to be a bit of a probe as to what Sherlock wants lube for.
Sherlock winces again. “I didn’t know what to think,” he repeats. “I didn’t know whether you were doing that just because you knew that I was embarrassed and you wanted to make me feel better, or – and I should have stopped you and asked for clarification, but – the truth is that I wanted it too badly to make myself stop it.”
For a moment, Sherlock doesn’t react. Then he takes an audible breath through his nose. “The same could be said about your reaction, John.” He shakes his head. “I always assumed you preferred not to discuss it, so I never brought it up. However, I also assumed that it was assumed to be shared knowledge between us – shared knowledge that we also shared an unspoken agreement to never discuss. I don’t know why you’re insisting on dragging it out now, but if you must, then at least do me the courtesy of acknowledging your own part in it.”
John turns his face down toward his tea. “You’re right,” he says after a moment. “We don’t usually do this. One of us usually shuts the other down every time we’ve ever tried before.”
. The word nettles, a bit. It’s true that they’re a household, a domestic group. But they’re not quite a
“Starving,” John admits. “I was just going to suggest we either go and find some groceries or a restaurant, or both.”
Sherlock blinks, his lips parting a little. “I didn’t… I just thought we could – do this?” he suggests, lavishing his palmful onto them both and rubbing his erection directly against John’s. “Unless you’d prefer – something else?”
John puts his hands on his hips. “Well, yeah,” he says. “In the window makes the most sense, I think.”
“Neither do I.” John reaches for his other hand now, too, and Sherlock lets him have it, their fingers interlaced across the table. “That’s what I finally decided last night, though of course I wanted to talk to you about it first. I want this: I want this life, with you. I want it here in London in the flat we just rebuilt. I want to solve crimes and go chasing after villains for as long as we’re able to. And while I love this kid very much, there just isn’t a place for her in all of that. Mrs Hudson is too old to have a baby dumped on her in the middle of the night. Besides, we put her in danger when we did that, and I won’t do that to her again. It’s a shit choice to have to make, but if we accept that we have to make it, for Rosie’s sake, then this is what I want.
John opens his mouth to protest, the heat rising in his face, then catches and looks at Sherlock, not wanting to say something that will hurt him yet again. Sherlock meets his eyes, uncertainty all over his face, and John changes directions mid-stride. “Oh, for God’s sake,” he says, giving in. He puts a hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck, leans in, and kisses him on the mouth.
John hesitates. “Look – I don’t want to say any of this,” he says, unhappy. “But we need to discuss it. Even without the kidnappers, this was always going to come up. You and me – what we do, it’s dangerous, for one thing. It makes enemies. It makes them because we’re right, because they can’t just be allowed to run around doing whatever they’re doing – killing people, creating terror, destabilizing the government, et cetera. Someone has to stop them. I’m in complete agreement over that. But to do this with a baby around – and I know that she won’t always be a baby, but even when she’s three or five or eight or twelve or even eighteen or twenty-one and in university. This is always going to be an issue. People will always target her. The way they started targeting me when I came into your life.”
was I supposed to know that?” Somehow it feels as though all of the frustration and despair of the past two months is bursting out of him now, broken free from the bonds he’d managed to keep it all tamped down beneath all this time. “I thought you had a secret
, working on our relationship. I feel like I’ve been hit by a truck. This time it might really be the end for me, and I just can’t even imagine what the future will look like.”
. He makes no move to show that he’s seen John there in the doorway. John hovers, not sure what to say. He inhales, but Sherlock cuts him off before he can speak. “There’s tea, if you want it,” he says, his voice very even and entirely neutral.
The moment almost turns awkward, but their server appears then and saves them, taking their order. The beer arrives before the food, and that helps, too. The food, when it comes, is served piping hot and is very good, and John makes a concerted effort to keep things light. “There’s one thing you haven’t mentioned yet, about the case,” he says as they’re finishing up. “How they all died. No links there, either?”
They eat a piece each anyway, which is half the cake, their hands linked across the table, staying that way as they sip Earl Grey after. “She was like a little rosebud, just beginning to unfurl,” Sherlock says, his voice a bit whimsical. “I’m no judge of children, but I thought she was special, too. I would have raised her with you, if you had wanted that. I know it would have made things complicated, with the work, but I would have done anything you needed.”
John thinks of his own would-be affair and feels stung. Sherlock probably isn’t thinking of him, specifically, but still.
John tries to swallow but can’t; somehow his throat seems to have grown to the size of a grapefruit. “I – yeah. We should,” he agrees, his voice rasping.
Sherlock pulls away just enough to look into his eyes, his face so intense that it makes John’s chest ache. “Say it,” he says, his tone every bit as intense. “Please. I need to hear you say it out loud.”
He kisses Sherlock’s mouth again, again, then asks, both of them breathing hard, “Yes – anything, Sherlock – what do you want?”
I’m leaning against the counter, totally spent and unable to stand unsupported, but he’s holding me up. Or maybe I’m holding him up. Whatever. It doesn’t matter. I’m panting, my chest heaving, and so is Sherlock’s against my back. “That was fucking out of this world,” I slur.
John makes a frustrated sound, something like a moan, and Sherlock is torn between wanting to go to him and pull him into his arms, and wanting to shake him until his teeth rattle. “I don’t
“John?” he asks, blinking at me in the dark of the room, though as ever, his curtains are open, streetlight flooding in to form an elongated rectangle on the floor at the foot of the bed.
John thinks of their last case, of Sarah Mills and the way he didn’t recognise the clear signs of her abuse, the way Sherlock did. The way everyone else did. He thinks of the way his deep unwillingness to see Mary’s treatment of him for what it was biased him against recognising the same behaviour as abusive in another instance and blinded him to seeing his own actions for what they were in turn, to the point that Ella’s gentle probing blew the lid off the entire thing and reduced him to a dysfunctional, alcoholic, child-neglecting mess. His stomach knots. “Do you think that’s a good idea?” he asks tightly, hating how bleak he sounds. “Me back in a situation I can’t judge accurately even on a strictly medical basis, never mind – ” Is this it, then? Is he backing out of all of it, their work – their very life together? If he refuses to go back to casework with Sherlock, will it destroy everything between them?
