Sherlock was panting now and sucking on John's fingers in time with John's fist. He nodded and groaned in response.
“Are you always this confident?” she asked, laughing nervously and trying to find her grip.
"And how are you strange?" Sherlock asked, reaching down to pull at the laces of his shoes.
"I find myself enjoying the romance a bit more than I would like," Sherlock said, shrugging.
Sherlock grunted and set his things down, joining his brother on the plush sofa to be close to the fire.
John looked over at him and rolled his eyes, seeing something Sherlock was sure wasn't there. His face looked...fond. "Yeah, good plan, seeing as I wouldn't let you out of the flat even if you begged," and there was a sigh in there, along with the fond smile. "Chinese?"
"Well..." Greg stumbled, "good for them."
"Dr Watson. He was a surgeon before-" Sherlock began.
“Sidekick,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock shook his head and started to push the fake flower petals off the duvet. "Don't be foolish. There's more than enough room in the bed."
Sherlock found himself, three days later, sitting in a disturbingly cheery room across town, waiting to be seen by some doctor who was very much not his own and who he very much did not want to see. As far as he was concerned, the waiting room in a building where root canals are performed should be somber if anything, and not bright and 'airy'. He wasn't there to pick out pastel clothing for a child, he was there to have some barbarian cut into his mouth.
"My naughty boy," John said, tearing at one of the packets with his teeth and smearing the clear fluid on his fingers. "Gonna stuff you full."
"And yourself," Mycroft went on, happy to have the excuse, flimsy as it was, "you're happy?"
Sherlock moaned as John started to lose his rhythm.
With the old man grumbling out of sight Sherlock turned the light on and looked at the mark more closely. It was...perfect. A small, red, crescent moon in the middle of her palm, and already scabbing over. It was one of the most uncommon soulmate marks, which was why it had taken her so long to recognise it as such.
"That hurt!" Sherlock replied loudly, bottom lip wobbling.
The tall man took the placard from John's hand with a snarl and sat in the chair hard enough for the wire and plastic thing to whinge.
Sherlock whined and John chuckled, pulling his hair gently and moving his hips forward a little. It was just a small sway but Sherlock got the point, letting his lips relax and taking more of the doctor's cock into his mouth.
How? Sherlock grunted in frustration and shifted in his seat, arsecheeks sticking to the worn material. How on earth had he never met the Director of Bart's hospital? He spent enough time there to consider it a second home, yet here he was, missing something this interesting in the workings.
_____
He lay back in his bed and closed his eyes, hand moving up to touch the skin where John's fingers had earlier been. He wanted to be soft for John. Soft and warm.
John sat back as soon as Sherlock started to whimper, and straightened his suit. "I have some errands to run. Two questions. Favourite colour, and where can I drop you off?"
John looked over at him and his mouth dropped open. "You're Sherlock's brother?"
"What did he do this time? Break into your laptop?" Greg asked.
Sherlock grinned wide, let himself be held, and figured that birthday parties weren't that bad, after all.
"I'm writing," John said defensively.
"And you've questioned him?" Sherlock asked, voice softer now.
The non sequitur had John sitting up a bit straighter.
This chapter is pure drama. That is all.
This year, though, John was intent on getting everyone they worked with together, under one roof, to celebrate. He'd planned with Greg for a whole month to set it up and even managed to find a REAL conference out of town that he could go to, so as to not arouse suspicion.
"I think we'll leave the doctoring up to me, today," he said as Sherlock slid into the seat.
John was in pain, obvious pain, and that did something very uncomfortable to Sherlock's insides, twisting something in him and causing him to reach to the side of the bed and rest his hand there. John blinked his eyes open and grimaced, taking a shuddering breath and swallowing roughly.
"Because I've been in love with you for three years and I've been too much of a coward to admit it," Mycroft said, looking out the window. "And because I've hurt you. Many times."
Sherlock looked at John for a moment, nodding to the side as they apparently had a whole conversation without a single word. When John finally nodded back and sat up straight Greg braced himself.
"It's been a year. I'm not sure I can do it. Do you have any idea how many times I've sat down to write and come up empty?" John asked, already exasperated that early in the day.
“Know-“ Mike tried.
"See you soon?" Sherlock said as they walked through the door. It wasn't really a question he needed to ask, as they would only be sitting across the room from each other, but he needed John to know he was going. It felt strange to leave his side.
"So you'll stay a bachelor?" Sherlock asked, his throat suddenly feeling tight as he closed the space and touched John's shoulder.
Sherlock was shocked into silence. This wasn't what he wanted. He tried for an apology that wouldn't incriminate himself.
"I'm heading out," John said, stirring Sherlock from his thoughts. "I suppose I'll see you tomorrow."
"Convince them we're single and not at all jealous?" Sherlock asked.
"He was in the army, wasn't he?" Sherlock asked.
He wondered if Sherlock's preoccupation with crimes had something to do with his troubled mind. Wondered if solving them made it easier to sleep at night. John still hadn't found a salve for that specific wound himself, besides alcohol, of course. Alcohol made everything easier for a time.
"And for once, willing to admit it," John called over his shoulder.
Who did John bunk with in the army?
"All you want is toast?" John asked, fiddling with the arrangement of his fork and knife.
After a moment Sherlock took his hand and shook it. "I'm Sherlock."
"John, this is William," Doc said, seemingly unashamed of opening the door without knocking.
"Alright," he murmured, apparently seeing what he needed for confirmation, "let's get you to bed."
"No doctor will see a street woman," Sherlock said, exasperated.
"I really should go to sleep, though," Sherlock admitted, at length. "Perhaps you could read in bed with me until I fall asleep?"
"And yogurt," John replied.
Sherlock giggled as if he was on an amusement park ride as John poured a small amount into their glasses. John handed Sherlock his and sat back with his own.
Sherlock got to the convention early the next morning, sitting uncomfortably and tearing the receipt from his coffee into smaller and smaller pieces. He didn't want to see Greg, not after he knew he'd been with his brother he past night, but he did want to see John. When John finally made his way in his shoulders were set and he was obviously agitated.
"Brilliant," John interrupted, "and bloody gorgeous. Yes, I know."
"Morning," Greg said, voice rough. "What has you out and about so early?"
"My...wait, no. It's, well, it's a sort of bet. Have you been watching?" John asked, flustered and standing taller in response.
“If the opportunity presents itself, yes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What is it?”
“I knew you were smart, but that’s impressive.”
“Leave them up here.”
Sherlock frowned. “Can't do what?” He asked, dread causing his lungs to cease functioning.
Sherlock looked at John, his face completely blank. He said nothing for a long moment.
“No.”
“He’s not got a tracker or wire anymore, but we have the building surrounded. They’ll never get him out without us knowing.”
John’s touch made Sherlock’s chest ache more than his arm. John stopped petting him and settled his head more firmly into the pillow. Within a few minutes he was smacking his lips and sighing. His breathing evened out and Sherlock knew he was asleep. It would take long minutes before much needed sleep found him, amidst his swirling thoughts of
(See the end of the chapter for
“How often do they come in? Listen to me, Trev. How often?
Sherlock closed his eyes and hummed low in his throat, which John felt deliciously. He was not going to last. Sherlock pressed his cock firmly against John’s fuzzy shin. He could feel wetness helping his shaft rub along the soft skin over hard bone.
The frisson of heat that sent down Jane’s spine was exhilarating, if not wholly new, and she found herself licking her lips and nodding once. ‘Hell, what have I got myself into?’ she wondered.
"Down by the old mill. I've sent a cab. Should be there soon," Sherlock answered. "And, John?"
'You're the one that put his car in for a work order,' she'd shot back, 'so you're the one who put him there in the first place.'
Sherlock turned around slowly, unfurling to his full height to stare in shock at the small blond man next to him. The man's arms were crossed and he stood with his weight mostly on one foot, hip sticking out a bit. The word sassy came to mind. Eyebrows raised, and mouth puckered in amusement, he was nothing less than confidence embodied in a human being.
His smile is electric as he huffs out a small laugh, “Hah, mm…that was good.”
“Oh my god, Holmes...your mouth.”
When Sherlock was done with the tea, John took the mug from him. He walked out the door towards the kitchen. Sherlock heard him depositing the mugs in the sink and stepping back towards the bedroom. John stood in the doorway with fists clenched by his sides.
“These are ugly. There is a hole in one of them at the toe. And you don’t know how to fold socks.” He tossed them back in the drawer. John had seen him treat evidence such as shit-covered pants and algae-laden trainers with less revulsion.
John looked at him with eyes wide and forehead scrunched, hoping his look translated as
John sighed, “All right, love. Suit yourself.”
“Good, that’s good,” Sherlock said, and added thoughtfully, “When we go out we’ll have to account for the time we will need to fend off amorous admirers -”
John wrestled the madman out the door, “You're such a dick. They're happy.”
Three weeks later, John got a text.
on Tumblr.
Please do follow the link and listen to Lockedinjohnlock’s podfic of this work, thank you!!!
John kept his hand warmly on the side of his neck, maybe feeling the pulse in his carotid. He would be able to tell that it sped up.
Sherlock smiled and kissed the tip of John’s erection. John gasped and grabbed Sherlock’s head and pulled him toward his groin. A gesture not unwelcome in its boldness, but Sherlock had other ideas.
“Is it?”
“It’s the best we have.”
John picked up the pace of stroking his hand along the lengths of their cocks, then he abruptly removed his hand and put it right in front of Sherlock’s face. “Lick,” he commanded.
“You…” It was extremely difficult to speak. John was tired. Trying to fight off the looming blackness, he said, “Get out. Get your men out. Leave me.”
Sherlock was getting better at this, recognizing when someone was chatting him up. Whenever it happened, John found it endlessly amusing.
John licks his lips and asks, “So. Do you have a girlfriend?”
Next door? How could John be so close and I not know...somehow. I must have looked surprised because he started to laugh again.
They walked across a vast lawn in Regent’s Park. It was a warm early summer night. Despite the weather, they each had their long coats on. Sherlock with his beloved Belstaff, and John with his A.P.C. car coat.
In the meantime, he wanted to cheer John up. To help them move past the lingering tension. He needed to see John smile.
“Hello.”
John grinned back and felt like his life was taking a turn towards normality. He would get married, maybe they’d buy a house, have a few kids. He didn’t notice then that his heart was beating too fast for an entirely different reason than happiness.
Sherlock stood with chest heaving, glaring at John’s trousers.
John’s only answer was the soft breath of his one true love, who had quietly fallen asleep.
“Well, as you know, D.I. Lestrade, I prefer bigger,” the corners of Mycroft’s lips quirked up into a smirk. John coughed at the obvious innuendo. Lestrade’s blush deepened. “The bigger, the better, actually.”
John closed his eyes, unable to look into Sherlock’s anymore. He knew he must be wincing. He probably looked like he was in pain. Actually, he was. A vice gripped his chest and his throat was tight. Sherlock rubbed his hand over John’s head, and kissed John’s tense lips. John squeezed his eyes shut tighter. He was going to lose it.
Her lips pulled back to reveal a large toothy smile and he sat.
My mind was a jumble of confusion. I needed to recalculate the probabilities of romance between us. Recalculate the probability of us remaining friends, flatmates, partners in the work. How could I not have thought of the possibility that John might date a woman so soon? I had seen him flirt, but only with me. I had not seen him chat up anyone else but I didn’t have eyes on him all day and night, did I? Of course, overlooking this possibility was amateurish. My mind had been clouded by lust.
“Trev,” he tried. Victor was staring at the desk drawer pull, apparently completely engrossed. “Trev.”
Sherlock nodded his head and watched as John lowered his face again. His slick fingers pressed gently at first, but as he continued to lick around his rim, he pushed more insistently. Sherlock slammed shut his eyes and threw back his head. His cock twitched, his balls tightened.
John smiled back. “Like what you see?”
John barked out a sharp laugh, startling Sherlock, who looked like he was expecting John to be mad.
“Mycroft,” Greg answered, clearly irritated. “So these are your men.”
If anything, he expected Sherlock to be surprised and curious and ask him a million questions. Nothing intrigued Sherlock like learning something new about John. After he said James’ name, he expected, “James Sholto? Wow, amazing. Wasn’t he your superior officer? How did that work? What happened between the two of you to end it? How did he feel about being at your wedding?”
He hadn’t anticipated this. He stood in the corner of his room and stared at the bed. John was on his bed with one foot on the duvet, one on the floor. He writhed a bit and every few minutes he’d sort of...giggle or smile. Or, to Sherlock’s great distraction, smack his lips. He was asleep, Sherlock was sure of it.
“What is
John, soaking wet, shaking, but still standing somehow, grabbed his own cock and pulled on it fast and tight.
Sherlock continued his slow slide, adjusting to John's ample girth. He loved the initial slow burn, the connection, the exciting feeling of penetration. He bottomed out and raised himself up again, putting more lube on his hand and slicking John's shaft without pulling all the way off.
“You are so beautiful.”
“But you’re forgetting the most important question.”
When people first looked at John, no one, not a person, including himself, suspected that this studious-looking, patient, brave man was an absolute killer. He was devastating, he was surprising, he was hilarious. He was kind, he could be a sarcastic dick, he was passionate. He was incredibly gentle with Sherlock most of the time, except for those times when Sherlock needed to be commanded. He fucked Sherlock with authority one minute, then calmly read books in his chair. He was complex, nuanced, principled, and intelligent.
Sherlock snorted.
Greg knew he should protect his heart. He knew it was a huge risk to go back. What if he got too busy and forgot about him again? What if he changed his mind? What if...what if Greg took a chance on this gorgeous brilliant man and let himself love and be loved?
John reluctantly pulled his lips away from Sherlock’s and apologized, “I have to. Mike.”
It took him a second but he got it.
He gripped the paper and brought it closer to his face, bottom lip pouting out a bit. “Not just you,” he grumbled. “I talked about
Sherlock smirked and swirled his tongue lightly around the head of Victor’s cock slowly, very wetly. With Victor’s cock resting on his bottom lip, he said, “Tell me about the blonde.”
Sherlock grabbed the hem of John’s t-shirt and pulled it up and off. John returned the favor while Sherlock toed off his socks. He stilled and took John’s face in his huge hands. He looked down at John, naked and open and so incredibly soft, and said, “Why are you still wearing socks?”
John, sad but irritated, practically shouted, “You need better! You deserve a tall, muscled astrophysicist who plays poker and classical guitar. Who spends his free time discovering new species of flower to name after you - “
Sherlock practically felt the hormones rushing around his body. He felt euphoric. He was struck silly by the situation, of having John’s cock in his arse and his own semen in his hair. It was suddenly the most hilarious thing and he giggled brazenly. He felt John’s own laughter shake their chests together.
It was hard for John to see in the moonlight, but he was pretty sure Sherlock blushed.
She had been feigning nonchalance, avoiding his gaze, but at this she looked him in the eye and became very still. The hair on the back of his neck stood at attention. Something was very, very wrong.
He opened his section of newspaper and started to read. He thought that would signal the end of our conversation, but he was not in charge, and I was not done.
“No Holmes, I like boys they way that I’m supposed to like girls.”
Sherlock had just opened his mouth to speak when they heard the bolt turn and the door open. Victor flung himself away from Sherlock to stand in the corner. The two men in summer clothes entered with a small paper bag and a large bottle filled with a clear liquid, hopefully water.
John pulled his foot from Sherlock’s grasp and placed it back on the duvet. “What do you want then?”
Sherlock moaned in response, feeling elated that John understood him. John wanted to be observed. John had always loved Sherlock’s eyes on him, and Sherlock was so grateful that it would extend to sex.
John moaned quietly, and their cocks slid together deliciously. He propped himself up to look into Sherlock’s eyes, hand still slowly but firmly stroking around them.
“No one thinks that, John.”
The boy hummed thoughtfully, then smiled, “So, should we begin?”
They ended up in a poorly lit Chinese restaurant, seated near the kitchen. The delivery door was open, and the winds were howling and thrashing things about. The sky outside was almost dark enough to be confused with dusk. Anyone else would have felt cheated with the venue, but Jane felt right at home in the thick of it.
Greg didn't play hooky. No matter how much he wanted to spend the rest of the day in a cocoon created by his newfound happiness, he dressed and said goodbye to Mycroft and made his way to the convention center.
"H-hello," Sherlock replied, closing his eyes to block out some of the sensory input and trying hard not to pass out.
"What?" Jane spat, looking away.
"You'd give up your position?" Sherlock asked, shock evident in his brow.
He didn't know what that feeling would be like, that moment when things went from sweetness to heavy petting. He lay back on his bed and closed his eyes, imagining himself in one of the scenes he'd read. It wasn't one where he's pushy, not one where he takes charge, but one where's he's soft and immobile in the face of affection.
"Oh, right," Sherlock said, looking as if he was just remembering right then. "Remind me to apologise for that at some point."
One night, after a particularly difficult patient had nearly died on them, the two men ended up back at Charlie's flat, getting pissed.
He scrambled off the bed and Sherlock stood on shaking legs and pulled the duvet down. John giggled when he turned around and found Sherlock picking rose petals off his arse. Sherlock gave him a withering look and John knelt behind him.
Sherlock’s eyes were nearly colorless in the afternoon light. The photos played with light and dark. The light of his eyes against the dark streaks of lashes, brows, and fringe. The pale pink of his lips, parted, so the inside of his mouth was darker but for a small flash of white teeth. His tongue peeked out to wet his bottom lip. John captured every millisecond of the movement. As he moved around the chair shooting him from different angles, Sherlock reached out to brush his hand over John’s bum or calf or thigh. When John was really engrossed in his subject, he murmured little phrases out loud. He said, “God, but you’re a pretty thing,” and “Yes, lips, just like that,” and “Makes me want to do things.”
Sherlock broke their kiss abruptly by standing up.
John brushed a curl from his forehead and said, “Two minutes, I promise.”
John raised his eyebrows, “Murray?”
John couldn’t understand why Sherlock knew a homicide detective nor why he appeared to be embarrassed by it.
They traded sweet, languid kisses for a long moment.
“Address here. House in Hounslow west.”
“Let me try.”
“I expect so.”
Greg looked at the address printed on the page, then at John, letting his mouth hang open a bit. “Did she know it?”
Sherlock looked at him, head tilted bashfully. “I haven’t quit forever,” he said, exactly like a true addict, “but I’m trying to see…” He looked as if he wanted to say something else, but he quietly repeated, “I’m trying.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “How could you know? I didn’t know.”
She watched him. Her black high-collared long-sleeved dress hugged her body tightly from neck to ankles. She wore shiny black boots with very high heels. Her platinum blonde hair was cut into a short pixie and she wore huge diamond studs in her ears. She looked sharp, powerful, aloof.
He pulled John down for another searing slippery kiss, while John undid the placard of his trousers, deftly with one hand unzipped the fly, gently pulled out Sherlock’s stiff cock, gave it one slow thorough stroke, and abruptly sat up.
After long moments of chewing his toast and sipping his tea, he put his cup and saucer down and slowly crept past the bathroom door, back into his bedroom. There it was. John’s overnight bag, stylish (Jack Spade) but not too expensive. Masculine (grey canvas) but not without some flair. And right there, in the back pocket, a small triangle - the corner of a photograph. He had seen it the night before and he had seen it this morning. He pretended not to see it. He wished he hadn’t because his curiosity was getting the best of him.
He had called me brilliant. I tried not to hope, but a flip of my stomach suggested I was not succeeding.
Sherlock’s eyes bored into his. John startled a bit at the intensity of the scrutiny but held his stare.
“No, but I’d like to be inside something else,” he smirked.
Sherlock was completely exposed, at John’s mercy. John held his thighs firm as his tongue probed and licked his sensitive flesh. He looked at his cock, pointing down at him. He wasn’t sure he’d ever been that hard. He felt John’s hands slide down to his arse and relaxed his hold, allowing Sherlock’s spine to relax. John lifted his lips from Sherlock’s body. They watched each other as John sucked on two of his fingers. He shivered in anticipation.
I loathed repeating myself but I supposed it was my own fault. I whirled to sitting and said, “No need. To be. So dramatic!”
“I have no idea what you are talking about.”
Sherlock captured his lips into another kiss. John slid his knee between Sherlock’s and pushed his legs apart. One of John’s hands smoothed down the back of his thigh then pressed his hamstring up so he could wrap his ankle around John’s thighs. In one strong movement, John slotted himself between Sherlock’s thighs, placed his hands on his arse, and pulled his feet right off of the ground. Sherlock gasped at the sensation of being held up by John, erections aligning, and crossed his ankles behind John’s back. John lifted and walked him down the hall, never breaking their kisses.
John’s hands still over his ears, he explained, “Murder at Rupert Street in Soho. I need to go undercover as a bartender to get information about the staff and patrons.”
With that, Sherlock got up with some difficulty, walked into the bathroom, and slammed the door. John hadn’t tried to help him stand.
He feels Sherlock’s pulse jump as he says, “I think I might, yes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s deep voice resonated within his chest, so when he spoke, one did not only hear the beautiful baritone, but feel it. John got close to him whenever he could. When he spoke, John loved to let the waves of sound run through his muscles and down to his bones.
Sherlock stood up slowly.
“I have a friend at Scotland Yard,” Sherlock said thoughtfully, “Well, when I say friend…”
He starts moving again, and Sherlock frees a relieved groan and thrusts up into John. Feeling Sherlock inside of him is a thousand times better than any of the toys he has. Sherlock’s cock is the exact length and girth to physically stimulate John’s insides, but the love and trust they share heightens the bodily pleasure beyond anything John has ever felt with anyone.
“You obviously have some stories. Come on, off you go.”
Sherlock whooshes out a loud breath that sounds like “Hah.” He leans forward and twists his hand so his fingertips can graze John’s wrist in return. “Girlfriend? No, not really my area.”
Fuck.
“McGregor is outwardly attractive. I’ll give…”
For the second time that night he needed to reassure John.
Sherlock had seen Victor naked hundreds of times over their long friendship but on that warm afternoon when Victor stretched out on his back, arm slung over his head revealing dark patches of hair under his arms, along his pectoral muscles, a trail from his stomach down into his shorts, Sherlock felt an overwhelming need to touch. And taste.
John pushed hard, licking like he was on a mission. He swirled his tongue, humming as if he’d never tasted anything so satisfying.
John folded the paper and looked at him squarely and boldly, Sherlock thought, in the face. “Yes.”
Sherlock looked up, knit his brows together slightly, still moving his lips over John’s cock, up and down.
“You, with your cheekbones, and your eyes, and those lips, are impossibly beautiful to me.”
He raised his hands up to John’s face, one thumb pressing into the dimple in his chin. He bent down to place a kiss there. “And this is devastating.”
John buckled again, pushing at Sherlock’s head. “Ah!” He chucked, “Sensitive.”
They had been getting on just fine, but a small misunderstanding turned into a large row, complete with shouting and hurt feelings. Sherlock knew he had hurt John by being impatient and unreasonable. He was just
“Another, love?” John asked.
“As I said, you are the most important person in my life. I’ve always admired your brilliance, of course. And you can be so funny. I love to laugh with you,” he smiled, “but when I love you the most is when I get to see your heart, when you let your guard down and show how much you care for your parents, or Mrs. Hudson, or even Mycroft.”
Lestrade muttered, “Oh my god,” and stared at Mycroft.
John handed him the tea. It was exactly how he preferred it, of course.
Akari said, “It’s going to be a pleasure to shoot you. Please, make yourself comfortable here.” She indicated a soft chair near one window.
His neck snapped back and he frowned at me. “Yes, well. Good thing you’re above all that then.” He stood, grabbed his jacket at the door, and left, calling after him, “I need some air.”
John followed Greg towards the strange man. As they approached, the man lowered his chin and tilted his head. His hawkish eyes raked over both of them, but settled on John’s face. He didn’t blink. He seemed to be trying hard to look menacing. John had a moment to decide whether or not to be intimidated by the stranger. He decided not.
Sherlock leaned down and draped himself along John’s back again, sliding his arms under his shoulders. He lifted John up, holding him close against his chest. John stood then lolled his head back against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Oh that’s good.” He was gyrating and his hand flew up and down his cock. “You need to fuck me soon.”
No response.
Sherlock hummed. It was a skeptical noise meant to convey just how wrong John was. His cock was pleasingly long and very thick. Sherlock deduced that it would be average, but he had thrillingly, dramatically, hugely underestimated how very perfectly beautifully above average it actually was. “It’s perfect.”
John took a long sip and sat on the couch with one leg folded in front of him. He indicated with a wave that Sherlock should sit next to him. Sherlock mimicked his position so they were facing each other.
‘You only live once’, isn’t that how the saying goes?
The rain wouldn’t stop and they hadn’t had a really interesting case in weeks.
I furrowed my brows at her. That sounded a bit excessive.
“Drinks with Graham and the rest of them turned out to be an excellent idea, John.”
“May I call you Sherlock?”
John’s beer did indeed look black. “Cheers,” he said, touching the rims of their glasses together softly.
The gleam was back in Sherlock’s eye. “We are.” He stripped off his shirt, tossed it onto the sand, then hooked his fingers into his swim shorts and sloughed them down all the way to his ankles.
John was shaken that he seemed to still have so much faith in him. John knew they had failed him. They let him be taken. John held back a sob of relief. “I was so worried, Sherlock. I’m so sorry, love.”
Sherlock nodded. John took a last sip of tea and walked into the kitchen to place his cup on the counter. “I really do like your place.” He looked contrite, a bit expectant.
There was a corpse found in France, and through cooperative work between Scotland Yard and the Police Nationale, the body was identified as a sous chef who worked in Soho. Sherlock and John were called in when a second corpse was found with his flayed open stomach displayed in a large jar on the restaurant’s kitchen shelves.
Sherlock swallowed his sweet sip and said, “You love it when I'm bad.”
Sherlock sat.
He hoped to entice John to use more than his foot. With one slow hand, he reached under his balls and massaged. After a few light circles he stoked over his balls and finally took himself in hand. “I want,” he said, stroking faster, “you to hurry up.”
He stood there and blinked at the display before him. If he was downloading and saving every detail to a secret bedroom closet in his mind palace, it was no one’s business but his own.
“John, I think we just got married.”
“Well, I think you do.”
“That’s Sirius,” Sherlock said, pointing to a very bright star. “I learned it after…” He stopped and looked very sad for a moment.
John looked him straight in the eye and said, “I also think you are gorgeous. I love they way you move, your body is strong but you are so graceful. I love your voice, and you look fantastic in a suit, and your hands...”
on Tumblr. I love John and Sherlock and I know you do too.
“Sherlock? Mate?”
I desired to be physically close to him.
Victor dropped down and embraced Sherlock. They sat together rocking and burying their noses into each other’s necks. “I’m so glad you are here,” Victor said. “Wait, no I’m not. God, Holmes, why are you here?” He pulled back and said, “I think Noah is here. There might be others and we’re all headed to the Middle East. They had to leave us here because of the beatings. They couldn’t move me.”
“But you said ‘missing’.”
on Tumblr.
“Fuck off!” John laughed.
“Stay.”
Time stood still. He couldn’t hear or see anything. He was alone, in the dark, feeling his body jittery and tense.
“Oh god, you - “ John could not finish his sentence, but lifted his shin to press against Sherlock’s shaft, taking care to move slow.
“Sure, why not? I don’t think I’m gay,” Sherlock paused, “Actually, I’ve never thought about this at all. I have no idea what I am.”
Sherlock continues to stare at John with a small, pleased, and entirely relaxed smile on those perfect lips.
John muttered, “For fucks sake, Sherlock. Enough.”
As we giggled our way from the crime scene, I invited my new friend to dinner. I told him how to deduce a good Chinese restaurant and although he seemed skeptical, it didn’t irritate me. I was intrigued and would always continue to be.
John looked confused and amused, probably because he didn’t know why Sherlock was laughing. But the truth is, Sherlock was so damned giddy he felt like that time Mycroft had let him drink hard cider when he was thirteen years old.
Sherlock sniffed.
“Oh, shut up. It isn’t funny.”
“Oh, sorry,” he said, blushing, “Mrs. Hudson.”
John started to move. He gripped his hips and thrust hard and steady into Sherlock. He felt heavy and relaxed and loved. He leaned forward, changing the angle and that must have done it for John. Sherlock clung to his shoulders and buried his face in John’s neck, sucking kisses into it. John gritted his teeth and came. Sherlock felt his cock pulsing deep inside of him. He felt proud, animalistic, conquering. “You’re mine,” he said, licking up John’s neck.
“What?” Sherlock asked, irritable again.
“Sherlock Holmes. If you are anywhere near the door I suggest you move away from it in the next three seconds.”
As Sherlock went back to quick, hard sucks at the head. “Ah! His cock was so hard...oh!...I pulled it fast and rough and he came all over my bed.”
Is this what sex did to people? His few past partners were little more than bodies to him so they didn’t spend much time together after the orgasms. If there even was one for him. Of course, there always was for his partners. Sherlock prided himself on being the best and brightest in everything, including bestowing pleasure on casual hook-ups he gave zero fucks about. It was for his own satisfaction that his partners were blown away (no pun intended).
“What happened?”
For the second time Sherlock sat and pulled John down on top of him. The feeling of Sherlock’s scorching skin on his was more stimulating than any sensation he had felt in a very long time. He hadn’t felt like this since he was a hormonal teenager. He fuzzily wondered if his refractory period could be re-set to match that time in his life.
“Is all of that public knowledge?”
Sherlock could see John’s eyes open watching his fingers. Then he sighed and closed them with a slight furrow of his brow.
Sherlock’s hand flew over their erections in a blur.
A few steps ahead of him, Sherlock dropped to the ground without warning. He laid there prone, face towards the sky.
John moaned, “You’ll find out, I trust your superior deduct...ahhh…fuuuuck.”
Sherlock, on top, broke the kiss to look at John, and asked, “Will you?” Sherlock was already reaching for the lube before John could respond.
. Open mouth, Sherlock licked into it to wetly slip his tongue against John’s. John was passive, just along for the ride, letting Sherlock guide the position of his head, but Sherlock knew that wouldn’t last, so he took full advantage of trying to reach every centimeter of John’s tongue with his own.
A few murmurs of agreement floated back towards him.
Post-orgasm, he redoubled his efforts to give John his. He licked around and around the sensitive crown of John’s impressive erection. Sherlock loved this part of John, it was arguably his favorite. Along with his eyes, arse, hands, hair, chin, jaw, ears, calves, nipples,
John huffed out a laugh and eased a little, the disappointment of knowing he was stuck melting at Sherlock's brimming enthusiasm. He leaned against the wall and watched as Sherlock attempted to wrestle his hair into some semblance of order. When he finally gave up, John walked with him down the stairs.
She turned around and started walking back, the act of thinking again about the cane bringing on a dull ache.
"Lunch isn't till twelve," she said, hands in some poor fool's chest.
Sherlock smiled softly and looked up at John from beneath his eyelashes as if the next line was some sort of flirtation. "All sorts of criminals."
"Problem?" John asked, fingers dipping into the waistband of Sherlock's trousers.
"Was that an awful thing to ask?" Sherlock whispered, looking confused.
Sherlock swallowed and looked to the ground. "Simple deduction. Your physicality and tan, the way you took the man down. I saw some of the books in your rucksack, the other day as well, too advanced for your year, yet there you are, muddling through them. They were bought second hand, as was your phone. You only have one pair of nice trousers and you get cheap haircuts. Your family can't pay for school if they can't afford to help you along with haircuts."
"Deep breaths," John murmured, eyes searching and face so caring that Sherlock wanted to crawl under the table to hide from it. "Come on, now."
"Mmm," John agreed. "So'm I."
John snorted and licked his lips and wondered, not for the first time, who this man even was.
"You enjoy reading?" John asked, moving forward and holding his hands behind his back to stop himself from their want to touch the man.
He waited for the reply and scowled when it came.
"This detective I'm working with. She's closed a case I was helping her with and deemed the death a suicide. It was obviously a murder. The woman has no idea how to do her job so I'm going to end up doing it! Although..." Sherlock trailed off.
"This is real literature," John disagreed. "Adventure and ro-". He stopped himself short, knowing any mention of romance would bring on the mocking. "Rollicking good times. Princes and kings and giant rats."
Did John miss anyone from the army?
Dating men was teaching them to be better people fifty-percent of the time. She wasn't the type to let her partner slack off on the emotional labor, let alone the laundry, and so she found herself alone over and over again.
Some bit of curiosity turned in Sherlock's mind at the description, but she pushed it down.
"But what if I wanted to tell you? What if I wanted to tell you it all?" Sherlock asked, jaw clenching.
She hadn't been seen for a month. At least, not at home.
"Misunderstanding," Sherlock croaked, licking her lips and shooting Anthony a death stare.
And that was how Sherlock Holmes ended up married to Sally Donovan, if only for a case.
Sherlock must have been feeling better, because instead of sitting in his chair and pouting, he followed John to the tube station, walking along with him and asking all kinds of questions about the army.
"Jesus, I'm sorry. God, I shouldn't have said it. I shouldn't have told you. I know that it won't work. I'm sorry, I'm so, so sorry. Bloody selfish of me, telling you that. I'm so sorry."
The door opened as they were pulling away for air and the doctor finally walked in.
"Yeah, truly brilliant," Jane answered.
Sherlock leaned down and kissed him and John turned off the tap, reaching out of the shower for two fluffy towels. Soon enough they were dry and Sherlock was walking out of the loo in the nude as John put on a robe.
John jumped across the room just in time to catch the beaker as it fell. Sherlock watched with wide eyes as it hovered in the air. Just a few milliseconds later and the acid would have poured into his lap.
John quirked a smile at how grumpy Sherlock was and walked with him to the station. He wanted to say again how wonderful his day had been but though better of it. Something told him he was expressing it all too much.
John smiled, it coming on slowly and then crackling across his face, and moved to the chair opposite Sherlock. A soft flush made it up Sherlock's neck and he grumbled to himself while fiddling with his laptop. John huffed out a small laugh and went back to what he'd been doing; editing the first chapter of his newest story.
"What?" Jane asked, spun by the mention of dinner, as if they were a full fledged couple or some such nonsense, and the fact that they might soon be stuck in the dark.
"No," Lestrade replied. "We've just about got it sewn up. We don't need another pair of eyes at this point."
Sherlock raised her eyebrows, enjoying how off kilter Jane was, and Jane decided that was about enough of that.
"You are brilliant, and gorgeous," John murmured gently. "I'd only known you a day, and I was taken. Do you know how long it's been since someone took my breath away?"
"Because we were both grumpy bastards and you were an utter prick to me," John teased, gripping Sherlock's hips.
"You're handsome, young, and fit. Your bank account is overflowing and your taste in clothing is superb. You don't need to resort to the back pages to get a date," Sherlock added, his eyes fixed on John, and face emotionless.
"I know," Greg said, pulling Mycroft's trousers down his thighs and leaning forward to tongue at his prick through silk pants.
Sherlock groaned but followed John into the loo, getting his toiletries from his bag and brushing his teeth. It was simple domesticity, and it was wonderful. They bumped shoulders and grinned through the foam and John thought that it must have been what God wanted for him, to be this happy, this content. He couldn't think of a loving God who wouldn't believe in that.
"Does it haunt you?" Sherlock asked, and then, "it haunts Mycroft. He has nightmares. One time I woke him and...and"
-End of Excerpt-
"Would you like to see a bird's nest?" William asked, eyes now excited and warm, tinged with the blue of the sky
"Do, what?" Mycroft asked, eating the last bite of his meal and setting his fork and knife on the plate, carefully crossed.
"When did you and your mother have a falling out?" Greg asked one week later as they lay in their bed reading after a long day of work.
He was pacing because he was nervous. He knew he shouldn't have been nervous, but there he was trying to plow a rut into the thick rug.
"I don't sleep," Sherlock replied, hurting with John and wanting to stop it from festering. "Well, not often. Three hours a night is enough. I smoke cigarettes and used to do cocaine and heroin to deal with reality. I don't have friends, I don't even have lovers."
Sherlock melted into his embrace and stared up at the lights. "Are they for me?" he asked motioning with his chin.
"Which will be fine, you're meant to be unhappily married. I think you've got the unhappy bit down perfectly," Greg mused.
They paused there, the last few students leaving the lecture hall, and then Sherlock turned and left. Turning and leaving, after all, was the only thing he could ever bring himself to do.
"Can't be annoyed by your perfect child? Would you rather he be taught by robots? Look, I know it's difficult to hear, but Derrick is annoying. I can't call on him each time, or the rest of the class doesn't have enough chance to learn. He gets to answer 18% of the time, and if he wants more than that, he'll have to get a private tutor. He's haughty, and short, and no one likes him. That's not my fault," Sherlock answered.
"I want checked curtains in the kitchen and plates with plants and bees on them," Sherlock said very seriously. "And, and I want matching bath robes and I want to dance in the sitting room in the evenings. I want to make messes and I want you to hound me until I clean them. I want to sit next to the fire with you during the winter and I want you to go on cases with me. I'm losing my mind. I want it all. Is this hysteria? What are the signs of hysteria?"
They kissed as John wriggled the first finger in and out, eyes closed and tongues searching. John had never done it to himself, let alone had someone do it to him, so he honestly couldn't say what it felt like. Sherlock loved it. He'd been surprisingly open about his physical wants after that first night, wants that just seemed to expand each day. Even now, as John was working two fingers into his body, he was pushing back and asking for more.
"No disagreement there," Sherlock sighed.
"You can't just..." the woman tried to object.
And it was crazy, absolutely mad, but how were you meant to act around a madman? Sober was not the way John felt like responding, so he picked up the biro Sherlock had used to note the temperature and started to write.
Sherlock glanced up at John, eyes searching. "London."
"I'll send you a time," John replied. "Now go to bed. You'll need your beauty sleep."
"Quit being stubborn and just trust that I know best!" Sherlock fussed. "The sofa will be bad for your back."
Sherlock slumped against John and let out a deep sob.
"You wanted your reward, yeah?" John asked. "Wanted to be rewarded for being such a good patient. Such a very good patient."
I'LL MAKE YOU SOME CHOCOLATE MILK. COME DOWN TO THE KITCHEN WITH ME, John signed.
"Have a good day," John said, watching him leave and then turning to Sherlock. "Let's go to the river."
He hated to think of himself as lazy, the army pushing him to be as self sufficient as possible, but he'd become as much in the last few years. Perhaps it was seeing the man dead that morning that made him want to take up running again, something about facing his own mortality reminding him that he wasn't actually dead yet.
"Bring me the charcoal suit and a white shirt, please," Sherlock said, turning on the tap. "And my deodorant from the loo."
_____
"I was...I was looking at your blog. Science of Deduction," John said, going to sit on the naked bed, look at the naked far wall, and feel quite naked himself.
"It's okay, love," John murmured, leaning down to kiss Sherlock's chest gently.
Breathing under control, he realised he’d actually frequented this spot whilst going to Bart’s. Before the renovation it had been run by an old man. There had been rows of formica topped tables lining the front window and back walls, and that abundance of flat surfaces guaranteed the medical students could always cram before class. The floors had been a peculiarly hard to describe color. Almost copper, somehow green, he had spent many a night nudging at the flattened carpet strands while memorizing vocabulary. Now it was a buzzing wasteland of hypnotic modernity and he felt like a transient body again, soon to be swiftly expunged from regular society.
"Distraction," Sherlock said slipping the hand into the box and heading for the door.
"It's that why your face looks like that? I had thought it was indigestion."
"DI Lestrade has a couple of tickets for me," he said, mouth working strangely as his eyes stayed one the doorknob.
"I've, well, I'm not good with names," John replied with a self deprecating smile.
Greg finally got out of his pants and pushed Mycroft onto his back. "This is what you wanted, wasn't it?"
Mycroft scowled. (Point one for Sherlock.) "You know what I mean. It's been five years, Sherlock. Don't you think it's time to give up on this little...hobby, and come back to the real world?"
"God," Sally exclaimed in mock horror, "you don't have to be so bloody affectionate."
"S," Sherlock said, still smiling strangely as his brain swam in anxiety and he tried not to pass out. "It stands for Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes."
"Good luck," Mary shot, taking Sally by the arm and leading her into the single-room cabin without a second look back.
The bathtub was full of bubbles and the air was spicy and warm. John helped Sherlock into the bath and pulled him to recline against his chest, fingers running slowly through his hair.
Sherlock allowed himself to be held and let his mind slowly drift off.
Sherlock heard John draw in a deep breath before saying the same, and rang off quickly so he didn't have to hear the man utter his name.
John chuckled and leaned against the counter between them, sticking his tongue out a bit and looking up in thought. "Dunno. Tea probably. Does that count as eating?"
“That’s, thanks, yeah. When can I come in to, erm-“ he replied, trying not to sound as gruff as before.
How long had it been since someone had held her so gently? It was almost overwhelming this time. She’d already felt Jane’s rough fingers before, but each time it seemed to get more urgent. There was a flip-flopping of her belly and a warmth in her cheeks, and she felt so human.
looking, but there was something that simply had his heart racing. He couldn't put his finger on it.
The lift opened onto the upper parking complex and Greg frowned, realising that once Mycroft left he'd have to ride back down to the ground floor to catch a cab.
Happily ever after. As promised.
They found a place to eat just off campus and Jane ordered a full English while Sherlock stuck with her insistence on a bagel. While they were waiting for the food, Jane tried to pick Sherlock apart a bit more. She was incredibly interested at that point, whether willing to admit it or not.
John was really, truly angry then. How dare this man be so agreeable, so soft and frightened and fragile? He wasn't allowed fragility after what he'd done to John.
Sherlock grinned and went to hail a cab, walking backwards to shout back at John. "You disagree, but with a smile! I'll wear you down yet, John!"
'And I'm not the only one awake. But, no. No case at the moment. Lestrade said he had something for me, but today was rather busy,' Sherlock replied.
"So, you know her?" John asked, finally able to string a sentence together.
"She won't manage it with us around," Sally said.
Just outside their view one of the other writers snapped a picture that could only be explained as the lead up to a kiss. The kiss didn't happen. Yet.
She sighed and shook her head. "It has a sticker on the front that specifically says 'not for human consumption'."
William smiled and went back to writing in his notepad.
"That," William whispered, looking John directly in the eye, "is a horrible shame."
Marriage, in short, only worked if you wanted it to. Sherlock wondered at how his immediate wish was for John and Mary to not want it to work.
"You saved that woman's life," Sherlock said, voice sounding suddenly certain. "Untreated, she would have got sepsis."
Sherlock shook his head and took another step closer, the soft silk of his shirt pressing against the cotton of John's jacket. "That much."
"Whatever you need, Doctor," Sherlock replied, standing and following the man into the second room.
He couldn't bring himself to look at the last photo so he settled on the one right before it. Full sized, full colour, John Watson breathless. It did things to a man. He tried to hold the photo's gaze, tried not to look away, as the cab rounded on Baker Street. It was a sort of trial to not look away, (See how I'm not overwhelmed by you? See?) and one he was happy didn't last more than a few minutes.
"Doctor Watson," Sherlock breathed, it seemingly fragile in the scant space between them. "A pleasure to meet you."
"Oh, John! Of course I know John. Almost everyone on staff knows him," she replied, smiling widely.
John stiffened and then turned, giving Sherlock the impression that he wasn't fond of the idea. He gripped Sherlock's chin and made him look up from the floor.
He reached out one hand and put it on Sherlock's knee, and Sherlock sagged against him. It was apparent, then, that he was crying. Honest to god, soft sobs and tears. John ran his hand into Sherlock's hair and held him against his chest to try to sooth him.
Sherlock broke the moment by grabbing the pencil back and sticking it behind his ear.
"Don't wreck it," she said, holding onto the keys for a moment before releasing them into Sherlock's palm.
"Sherlock? You there?"
"Mmm," Sherlock replied, holding onto John's waist.
If you're reading this, and you love me, go love on alexxphoenix42.tumblr.com
Sherlock pulled his trousers back up and straightened his shirt. "They know about sex, John, they're 14. I'm not going to treat them like idiots."
"What is?"
“You know the drill,” he said. “And this time it seems your shoe is evidence. Why don’t you let me give you a ride back to the station this once?”
"Dr John Watson. He'll be assisting me today," Sherlock said smoothly, reaching for a pair of gloves and handing them to John.
Jane felt as if her brain had gone through a blender. Sherlock's fingers on the inside of her wrist, seemingly feeling for a pulse, were driving her a bit batty and even her tongue refused to play along, the next uttered word coming out warped. "What?"
"You really are a genius, aren't you?" John asked with a deep sigh, smile going lopsided.
"What's that?" John asked, for once forgetting about the pain in his leg.
"Mmm, yes, of course," Sherlock murmured.
A few more hands rose and he called on a small boy in the back. "Prejudice."
Sherlock squirmed in the uncomfortable chair, just one more tactic of his brother's to keep his opponent's on edge, and waited for the man to finish his meeting in the conference room. Why he'd been called to Mycroft's office when he could have just spoken to him over dinner, he didn't know. His brother had obviously decided that something in his life wasn't acceptable but, beyond that, there had been no clues. That sort of decision came easily to someone who believed every breath Sherlock took was below his true potential.
John cleared his throat, always uncomfortable with Sherlock's anger. "Well...good."
Sherlock took a bite of his biscuit and shook his head "No."
Sherlock cocked his head to the side and scrutinised John carefully. "You're three months behind and you haven't even finished the next book?"
Sherlock licked again, this time looking up to see John's reaction and John grunted and pulled him up, just in time to shake and spurt against his naked thigh. He came hard. He wasn't sure he'd ever come so hard since he was a teenager. It was like learning what pleasure was all over again.
"The relative is ex-army. A doctor," Mycroft interrupted. "Might be good to have around, what with the...frequency of your accidents."
"He didn't care that she's a killer?" Sally asked.
“Sherlock, really-“
Sherlock shrugged and John swallowed uncomfortably.
"You're an idiot," John panted, tongue darting out. "I didn't need you to do that."
More than that, he was sure he didn't have enough to pay for the bit where Sherlock crawled beneath the covers and motioned for him to join. But hell, he was going die soon, and there was no debtor's prison in the ground, as far as he knew.
Mary wasn't exactly what she seemed. Sally said that she smelled like a cop. She brought up patterns of behavior that suggested she was picking up on the criminal element they were there to engage with.
Why had John done that? Why did he have to go and remind Sherlock of his stupidity. Calling him Sarah.
"Well, you did say you didn't have anything for it," Jane explained, remembering the words well, as they had hurt.
Sherlock nodded and John leaned in again, pressing his lips to Sherlock's clavicle and kissing it gently. "I love you," he murmured, kissing Sherlock's shoulder. "I love you. I love you."
Sherlock laughed harder and relaxed back on the bench. "Put me off women entirely," he joked.
He needed to engage John since they were almost back to the flat. He couldn't have their last words of the day be a stilted goodbye. He watched John out of the corner of his eye and wondered if it was possible that this could last.
John shifted in his seat and the man looked up quickly, raising an eyebrow in challenge.
"You were planning on being up here a while. Why did you pretend to fall asleep?" Sherlock asked, sighing as John wrapped an arm around his waist.
Sherlock sputtered and cursed himself for the visceral response to the man's presence. "Coffee. Large. Four sugars."
"John, John, can you hear me?" Sherlock asked once he'd rang off. "The ambulance is on the way."
"Alright, gorgeous," John soothed as Sherlock's hips bucked as they sought out more pressure.
John's shoulders slumped forward and he looked into his tea. "Do you...do you reckon they're getting on?"
"A calculated risk," John agreed.
"Are YOU?" John asked, cutting a second piece. "Eat half and I'll leave you alone."
"And cake ye shall have," Greg said, walking off to where the food had been set up.
Sherlock got the first text during a case and paused to pull out his mobile, thinking it was one of his homeless network. Greg watched him as his mouth twisted and he stared at the screen in apparent confusion before typing something quickly and putting the mobile back in his pocket.
And there was that spinning feeling again. "H-how did she know she was going to-"
John nodded and stood, and they made their way back to the room.
Freedom was the only thing he was interested in, and he could almost taste it. Didn't mean he felt any less like a bloody failure. White picket fence, 2.5 kids and a dog, the whole lot was so far away from possible that he actually felt stupid for believing he could have something good in the first place. He was obviously born to be miserable.
"No way in hell," she objected, pulling them away from his grasp. "We already agreed-"
Mycroft nodded again, this time less shakily.
John had the nightmare again. He was clawing his way out from under dead bodies and he could never quite make it to the surface. The word medic was being shouted over and over again, sounding farther away by the second. He woke just as sand started to fill his open mouth.
"You are so beautiful, and so brilliant, and I'm dragging a blanket to the roof of the hotel so I can sleep in privacy. I don't think you have any idea what you're getting yourself into," John said.
A month later Sherlock was hovering outside John's hospital room, his location gleaned through a series of extremely rare requests of Mycroft. John was asleep but the nurses had told Sherlock that he could go in and wait for him to wake.
_____
"Not my doing," John said, hands up. "I've told you before that I can't control the homicide rate."
_____
"Tell me if I'm going to fast," John said as he let his hand trail lower to brush into the short, thick curls at the base of Sherlock's cock.
"Run away with me. We'll rent a room in London and stay there for the week. They don't really need you back until Sunday. Please. Please run away with me," Sherlock begged, eyes wide.
_____
Somewhere in the back of his mind, he didn't believe he deserved softness, that kind of affection. He was too difficult, he thought.
"He was probably scared," Sherlock replied, raising his hands to John's chest.
Now, in the several years that Greg had known Sherlock, he'd never once happened upon him unnoticed and got a smile in response. Frowns, screams, things thrown at him, and heaving sighed, yes. Smiles, no. You can imagine his confusion then, when he was met with just that. A smile, soft and contented.
"You hungry?" John interrupted, licking his lips before going on. "I'm off in five and want to grab something to eat. There's a good Indian place around the corner."
Now, suffering from the ache in his stomach that had started with this whole fiasco, he got on his hands and knees and pried up the board just inside Sarah's bedroom closet. The box was sat there, covered in dust, looking completely unassuming. Nothing sentimental about it, just an old breaker box he'd lifted from the basement of his old building. It was empty, and a light beige, and it looked very much to be in the right place. He'd even fashioned bits of wire that went to nowhere. The only person that would have known it was out of place would be someone with a knack for electronics. Sarah, along with Mrs H, weren't so inclined.
Sherlock watched him, struck with how truthful John had been upon their first meeting. He was hungry, starving, and he knew exactly for what. Perhaps, Sherlock thought, he just wanted to hear someone say it.
"I think they're dating," Greg added. "John. It's the same guy, isn't it?"
She'd simply rolled her eyes, a move so disgustingly close to his own that he began to wonder if they spent far too much time together.
"I can make tea," Sherlock said, craning his neck to look at John.
John felt his face flush and nodded. "I was having Lestrade set me up with someone. I thought...after the night before, I thought I should just find some woman and-"
"I don't take medication," Sherlock hissed.
Instead of thinking on that he walked into the loo and turned the water in the sink on hot, clipping his fringe up and out of his face as steam covered the mirror. He turned the cold tap until the water wasn't viciously hot and scrubbed his face with a small washcloth and his own bar soap.
And, god, as if the heavens above were telling him to guess again, William appeared in front of him like a bloody magical creature. He was standing a ways out in the largest of the clearings, a meadow that John had often gone to sit in, and he was glowing. The rising sun lit his hair like a crown and each movement seemed to shimmer. John stood still, watching, as the man knelt and picked something from a bush, and held it aloft.
John's forehead scrunched up as the woman told them they could have anything they wanted, on the house, and that she'd bring out some tea and baijiu. When the woman left John finally had something to say.
Yes. Yes, it was for the best. John was only bored and...
When they pulled up in front of Mycroft's building Greg forced himself to focus back on the present and follow Mycroft Up. The ride to the flat was painfully quiet and Greg wondered how awkward his own stupidity would make things.
Sherlock stood carefully, leaving the pencil on the floor, and pulled John back to the sofa by his hand. It was a thrilling invitation. Sherlock looked back at the telly and John settled in beside him. His head was swimming and he thought he could actually feel a heart beating where his chest should have been.
"They're so...?"
Jane couldn't help but beam at her. God, she was gorgeous. "Absolutely. Just...astounding. Why? What do people usually say?"
Sherlock's face remained blank. "You should get to bed."
"As I said," John said, "if you'd like."
Sherlock wondered if it was a bit not good to offer John's services without the man's knowledge, but the boys were like family. "He'll be here tonight."
"Well, I'm off," he said, walking to the door.
John shifted onto his side and cleared his throat, stretching a bit and wincing as he started to wake. Sherlock closed the drawer silently and went to rummage through the cabinets in the kitchenette. He saw John sit up out of the corner of his eye and turned to him.
"I'm well aware," Sherlock agreed. "What have you got on for tomorrow?"
Mycroft watched him carefully, noting the sunburned skin on the tips of his ears and the fact that his trouser legs were still rolled up. "Have an eventful day?"
And now he'd gone and told Lestrade that he had a boyfriend. It had barely been a lie at the time, at least a conscious lie. John surely felt they were in a relationship, there was just the matter of his cock, and the fact that he wasn't Sarah.
Sherlock took the napkin and kept it for himself, sighing deeply and picking at his food. John took measured bites, his appetite still not recovered completely from his time in hospital. His therapist seemed to think it was part of his PTSD, but he'd convinced himself it was nothing more than a bad habit stemming from too much of the same food.
"Gregory," Mycroft warned.
"To being held?" John asked, his heart hurting at the admission.
Sherlock stood carefully and followed John out into the hall.
'Don't write this off,' it said, 'don't.'
Well, everyone else is writing friends and family and I don't really have either, but I did like you and I thought you might have liked me before the near sleeping incident.
"Don't think he's very fond of God," Greg said. "Supposes he's too smart for any of that nonsense."
By the time Mycroft was pulling open the small dessert box Greg's socked feet were resting atop his and both their ties had managed to loosen. Mycroft watched Greg silently, loving the way the soft light from the small lamp in the corner joined with the firelight and bourbon to soften Greg's eyes. The man was beautiful like that, relaxed and sated, left side of his upper lip raising to show a bit too much teeth.
Well, that was depressing.
By the time they had made it back to the vicarage, they were both exhausted and grinning stupidly. Sherlock went to find towels as John brought the food he hadn't eaten to the kitchen and set it out on the table. When Sherlock returned he went straight to the cheese and started eating, handing the towel over just as he sat.
Greg's jaw clenched and he swallowed hard. Fine. Fine, Sherlock would, as bloody always, get what he wanted. Bastard.
I wouldn't for a second get in the way of your imagination. Surprise me, as you always do.
"To putting away another murderer," Sherlock added.
"Oh. Yeah, Harry remembers her. A bit. Seems she didn't get on with my father," Jane replied. "Course, no one really did."
"If you don't stay dry you'll catch a cold," she said, unbuttoning the jacket and holding it open.
We are writing to tell you about your presence in a will. -'
"Have you got a spare toothbrush?"  John asked from inside the small room.
John chuckled and nuzzled into his neck. "Yeah, birthday boy?"
"Don't stop!" Mycroft shouted, nails biting into Greg's back.
Mycroft hummed and started plating up the food. "How was work?"
John grunted and let out a rough laugh before pulling himself a bit more together. "Gorgeous. Yes. Alright, where the hell was I?"
'In the past three days I've read everything you've written, including the email (multiple times), and have come to the conclusion that you have become my favourite writer. It's a strange conclusion to come to, seeing as I am a reader and have been for the twenty five most recent years of my life.
There were vines growing up the walls and the ceiling was completely covered in dark, glossy leaves. Jane took them in, along with the great amount of books piled everywhere, as Sherlock showed her into the loo. The room was small and crowded, the claw foot bathtub on one end an obvious new installation. It was massive, one gold flaked foot reaching almost in front of the toilet. The edges held orchids and ferns interspersed with the odd candle and posh shampoo.
"You'll be happy to hear my first day went well," Molly gushed.
The silence after the mug hit the floor was deafening.
Greg held his breath as he came down, letting his eyes remain closed as he waited for Mycroft to get up and clean himself with a rag at the kitchen sink before leaving. Instead, the man collapsed against him and breathed out a shaky sigh.
"You don't have to change or anything," John said, smiling honestly then.
Sherlock had done this bit before, telling John things about himself John wouldn't even admit to the mirror, but this time it was different. Instead of concise points, clear sentences that left John gasping for breath, Sherlock spouted ideas.
"Did you take it?" Sherlock asked.
Ah, the screen name! DoctorJohn. If the writer really was a doctor, perhaps there was some information he could glean after all.
"Miscalculation on my part," Sherlock added, though without a trace of humility.
Greg cleared his throat. "They're good for each other. And now he'll have John protecting him tonight."
That voice. Christ, his curls were tamed now and his suit actually fit him and he was bloody gorgeous. John found himself unable to move for a second. When he did get his faculties back, he pulled the mobile from his jacket and held it out.
"You smell," he sputtered.
"Have you ever," John tried, rubbing in circles and sighing at how easily Sherlock opened for him.
The few times they'd participated in this type of intimate massage had been near overwhelming. John was still amazed that Sherlock allowed him this, the closeness, the first breath of breach.
They walked towards the rail yard, the boys kicking small rocks along the way and telling Sherlock everything he needed to know about the changes they'd gone through over the years. The coppers were still arseholes and the baker on twelfth street still gave away bread at night. Sherlock felt nostalgia thick on his tongue at the stories and wished he'd been around during the years.
"Mind his own business?" Sherlock ventured, sitting and going about trimming each of the four small photos from the extra paper.
He was transfixed. He was in some fairytale, surely. He was...staring into empty space.
Sherlock thrust and bit his lip, grunting and spilling and melting in John's arms. His utter relaxation gave John's prick a break from the hot press of him, and John found he was back on solid ground. Which was, dear god, where he wanted to be. He'd rather not try to clean come out of his pants right before dinner, after all. His cock gave another small jump at that and he focused on breathing and holding Sherlock close.
"Could I kiss it?" Sherlock asked left hand going to the base of John's cock and scratching through the coarse hair.
"Aren't you going to-" John started to ask as Sherlock paused to wait for him.
Jane hesitated and Sherlock rolled her eyes and held her hand out, as Jane had just done. Jane acquiesced and saw, for the first time, the mark there. It made her stomach lurch slickly and she felt a bit ill. She still had a bit of nerve damage, and it was unsettling whenever she was confronted with it.
John's thumb rubbed over his finger, where his ring used to be, and cleared his throat. "We, uh, it didn't work out."
"Mary, these are Sandy and her husband William. Sandy will be staying with you, and William here will be bunking with your John," Doc said.
John smiled softly at the two of them. It was a habit of Sherlock's to act as though the dog could understand him. Sometimes Merrick seemed to, taking off in whichever direction Sherlock had suggested after cocking his head to the side several times.
"Lay back down, you need to conserve your energy," John said softly, walking with the tray of tea and biscuits to the coffee table. "Can't have you falling asleep before you find out his secret identity."
Mycroft nodded and poured them both a scotch.
"Quickly," Sherlock said, letting go of John's hand and rushing to the smallest of the cadaver fridges.
"Well, that certainly wasn't the intent," John said, trying to show Sherlock with his eyes how true it was.
"Refreshing," John said, nodding and licking his lips.
The woman looked down and away.
"Guilty," John said, looking over at Sherlock before pulling back to sit on the ledge.
“No, it won’t,” John said fiercely.
John chuckled, “We don’t have to. You can just sit there. But I can barely resist how beautiful you look right now.”
“I hardly see how adding pepper to a biscuit would spice up anyone’s life,” he said, peering down his nose at Moustache. “Now what really adds excitement to one’s life is a good locked room murder where the victim has been found holding his own heart. That”, he sniffed, “adds excitement.”
He’d been distracted and hadn’t thought about
“Holmes,” Victor said, with a warning tone. Sherlock rolled his eyes. Victor was not as good at deduction as he was, but he was going to figure it out soon enough. Sherlock wondered how on earth this could have happened. In an instant, he was attracted to his best friend. Lusty. Horny. God, he wanted Victor’s body on his. He wanted and wanted and if he looked at him now, he would have to confess. It would be humiliating, but he trusted Victor with his life and his body and his heart.
“No, you don’t,” he answered, eyes firmly pressed to microscope lenses.
“It’s been two hours, you poof.” The man injected Sherlock with what felt like a smaller dose, then pulled a huge knife from somewhere and showed it to him. His put his face close to Sherlock’s and sneered. His breath reeked of onions, beer, and something metallic. In his state, Sherlock imagined it as a gas infiltrating his nose, mouth, and pores. He was inhaling this man one molecule at a time and it made his eyes water. He would suffocate on this man’s stinking aluminum-breath. He gagged and tried not to inhale.
“Nope.”
– made Sherlock silently fume.
They both know. This is it, this is the point of no return. The point where they start again.
“What about Mary and Graham?” John asked.
“Off you pop.”
John’s eyes never strayed from Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock unwound the story of Victor’s secret model boyfriend who had disappeared first. No one knew they were together but it was good and intense and they were about to make it official, go public, tell their friends, and the industry. But before they could, Noah disappeared. Victor was frantic. He desperately plead for Sherlock’s help. They had a lead in Milan that turned out to ultimately be a good one, but they’d been too late. Noah was gone. His agent gave Victor a note written by Noah. It said he loved him but he had to leave for family reasons. He said he’d gone home to Australia, that he’d always love him, but he wanted to make it a clean break.
“All right? Jane and I are going to take you somewhere safe now. Will you come with us?”
John chuckled softly, trailing his hands down Sherlock’s arms. “I’m just winding you up, love, I want to move downstairs.” He smiled softly. “Even if I have to leave my socks up here.”
Also irritating was that Sherlock was completely clueless about the assumptions. He never denied it, but then again, he probably didn’t even know what people were talking about. He was oblivious to the fact that everyone who met them presumed they were together romantically.
Sherlock said nothing for a few long moments. He didn’t think he could…he didn’t think he should say terrible things to John. He just did.
John on the shore gazed at him, camera clutched tightly against his chest. He took a few steps into the water, making sure the camera was high and out of the water’s reach. He started shooting. Sherlock made sure his back had been turned to him the whole time. John was getting a fantastic view of his arse. Sometimes he turned his face to look at John and pose.
Quickly, John answered, “Great. Show me?”
Jason coaxed Sherlock’s long dark curls into soft, gorgeous disorder that cascaded around his head and laid perfectly over his forehead and ears.
“Purple magazine wants me.”
“What’s this about you not talking?”
“It hit me again. I’ve been back with you for a few months now and I’ve loved every bit of it. I realized I wasn’t annoyed by you showing off or your inappropriate excitement at crime scenes because I know you do actually care. Or your rudeness. Hell, people deserve it most of the time. I looked at you, and you had taken off the Belstaff and bent over the corpse. I stared at your arse, and my brain went still and my body went stiff, well, one part to be overly detailed about it. I knew that lust had taken over in that moment.” John giggled, “I was able to keep it at bay for years, and then you just had to take off your coat.”
“Find this woman,” he pointed to a name, Elizabeth, in the phone contacts. “The victim was newly dating Elizabeth, and his friend, this man,” he pointed to the photograph on the refrigerator, “was jealous to the extreme. I think that’s the motive”
Panic. An all-encompassing fear rocketed through his system. He needed every ounce of control to stay seated. He said very slowly, very quietly, “That does not sound like something I would agree to.”
John ran to the edge through what felt like the thickest mud. He dreaded to look over the edge. When he did he saw Sherlock very much alive, half a floor down, clutching his ankle. The cab ride home was silent. Sherlock’s ankle was sore but intact and didn’t need any diagnosis beyond John’s. Sherlock tried to touch him, tried to get him to look in his eyes, silently pleading
“All right. I want that gorgeous face of yours to scowl. Try to keep your body relaxed but I want some tension in your face. Especially your eyes.”
Sherlock’s hands roamed John’s body, one hand settling on John’s arse. He lowered his other hand to cup John’s crotch. He squeezed the bulge through trousers and pants and with a huge grin said, “This is mine.”
James held out his hand, “John Watson?”
As sexy as he looked in the outfit, John’s favorite part was what he’d done with his face. Sherlock was wearing dark eyeliner, mascara, and clear lip gloss.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed out a breath. “Dinner? With me? Right now.”
He looked up from his laptop to find Sherlock staring at him from the couch. He smiled and John smiled back. Both tentative.
“Still don’t want to talk about him.”
The victim’s lips were blue, clearly a lack of oxygen. Actually, there were signs of cyanosis on his hands and feet also. He was found alone in his flat. Evidence of a happy life was all around him. His refrigerator was covered in photos. There were group photos of sweaty, smiling groups of friends on camping trips or at football matches. He even had a pet frog that looked fat and healthy.
John smiled back. He was adorable. It suddenly hit John how young Sherlock really was. His attitude and intellect often hid his true age and John realized he was agreeing to send this beautiful young man into a potentially deadly situation with his psychopathic ex-wife. Instead of panicking, he focussed on coming up with the best plan possible.
“Does that sound a bit... I don’t know. Disorganized?”
True to his word, John washed, rinsed, and dried them in record time. He wrapped Sherlock in a soft towel and led him to the bed.
In that one moment, Sherlock let Mycroft know the he was loved, and that he hoped he and Greg would be very happy together.
And the lip gloss? He’d actually gotten tunnel vision when he first laid eyes on that shiny pout. He could see nothing but Sherlock’s perfect plush lips, glossy in the natural sunset light of their sitting room. John was flooded with memories of rubbing his cock back and forth on those lips, polishing them with his release. Another part of his anatomy would soon be flooded if he continued this line of thinking. He cleared his throat and concentrated on his job as protector.
“I’m going with you,” he called after the officer, grabbing his coat and running out of the room.
Please come find me on tumblr, I am
Sherlock realized he was wrong. The blonde was not an unknown person, not a potential new conquest. They were too familiar. This was someone John knew, and very intimately. Was she a casual tryst, or a former girlfriend? Sherlock couldn’t tell from that far away. But he was not going to try to find out. He had seen enough, the jealousy he felt was inconvenient and childish. He stopped and retrieved his mobile phone from the Belstaff’s inner pocket, fingers flying over the screen.
Sherlock started pacing and muttering, “No. No. No. It should be all right,” he nodded, “It will be fine.”
John said, “Thank you, Mycroft. You’ve been a huge help.”
John kissed him deeply while pinching one nipple between his fingers. Sherlock gasped at the sharp tweak and moaned loudly. John did it again, clearly Sherlock loved it.
“Yes, love. Let’s sleep.”
John’s hatred for Mary burned hotly through his limbs to settle in his gut.
Greg looked relieved, like he wanted to talk about Sherlock, but not his disappearance. He smiled fondly into his paper cup. “I arrested him.”
“Mostly?”
The cab dropped them off in front of John’s building on a quiet street not too far from their shoot location. Sherlock waited for John to open the front door by looking around and scowling at the street, the cars, the trees, and John’s front door.
Sherlock quickly lifted his head up to place a short kiss on John’s lips, then in one move pushed John off of him and jumped up. He was jumping out of his shoes as he undid his shirt’s buttons. Before John could roll over to get to standing, so he too could disrobe, Sherlock was standing in their lounge naked and hard and…impatient.
John said, incredulous, “Mrs. Hudson?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John knew that meant that he was a bit hungry. He released him and walked to the refrigerator. Delighted to find it stocked with fresh produce, a variety of meats and cheeses, plus more champagne, he reached in to pull out some berries and brie.
Sherlock left his fingertip just inside and said, “All right?”
Victor replied, “I will be.”
I cleared my throat. “That being said, you like crispy duck although you don’t order it often because of the cost. I recommend the singapore noodles...and we’re also in the mood for a bit of late night dim sum.”
John raised his eyebrows and pursed his lips.
John preferred to work without an assistant but when his agent Greg pushed Billy on him, he couldn’t really say no. Billy was tall with greasy hair and dark circles under his eyes. At least he was English.
“Yes! There!” he cried out, looking into John’s eyes.
Sherlock realized his eyes were closed tight and tried to relax his face. He opened his eyes to look down into John’s ocean blue ones. He saw concern, a wisp of amusement, and possibly a touch of swagger. “You. Naked in my bed. Now.” He said this with much more composure and authority than he felt. Somehow he straightened and pulled away from John, turning towards his bedroom.
Sherlock did his best to resist his cocaine cravings. He meditated, took long jogs through Regent’s Park, and insinuated himself in to John’s personal space whenever he could. John was incredibly proud of him and told him so often.
He flinched away angrily before John could touch him. He had to get away. He had to be alone to process this new information. He ran to his room and slammed the door. He slid down the back of the door and sat on the floor, head in hands, confused and distraught.
Thanks for reading! I am
Later that day, each sitting cross-legged on the floor in Sherlock’s room, Victor kissed him. It was slow and quiet and a little bit wet. Sherlock sat very still while Victor placed a few short pecks on his lips and swiped his tongue gently along his upper lip.
Before I met Sherlock, I didn't laugh. I never laughed until my face hurt, until tears streamed down my face, until my bladder was in danger of bursting. Nothing was joyous or funny or fun before I met Sherlock.
John’s eyebrows shot upwards. He wanted that,
doing?” Sherlock accused. He pressed hard against John’s back, causing his torso to bend over the counter. John pushed back, trying to stand up straight again.
RIP Una Stubbs, the perfect Mrs. Hudson.
John said, “He’s either Mary’s assistant Graham or someone who came into the room after she’d removed Sherlock’s belt.” John didn’t know why it bothered him, but there was something about the assistant’s way of speaking. “Do we have a photo of Graham?”
John stood still, Sherlock continued to measure. He didn’t know why he had this ridiculous pink tape measure. He couldn’t remember where he had gotten it but the increments weren’t metric, they were in inches. Americans were so stubborn.
“Sherlock? Love?” John repeated.
undesirable situations. He hoped that wouldn’t happen now as he decided to just ask John what was wrong.
“Hello you,” she said, falsely cheerful.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “No girlfriend, but this man here, is clearly in love with the victim.”
Mary laughed and touched his forearm, “Oh, yes, perfect. Let’s go inside and talk.”
John loved the small sounds Sherlock made when they kissed and touched. Small throaty moans, getting louder and deeper as the moments went on.
“You carry this in your bag.”
“Let’s go back.”
They were quiet a bit longer as John turned back to walk over to the mantle. Sherlock got their tea and put both cups down on the small table next to his red brocade chair. He gestured for John to sit.
“Excuse you,” Sherlock said, face stretched in exaggerated horror.
“What’s wrong?”
Slowly he made his way around the ambulance towards the back, open rear doors. Sherlock was mostly facing away from him, looking into the interior of the ambulance. His shoulders slightly hunched, his hair was frizzy and more voluminous that it usually was. He could only see the side of his face, one perfect cheekbone. He breathed, “Sherlock,” quietly. Sherlock did not hear him.
“Hello, Sherlock.” John felt his face warming, then heat some more in mortification that he was blushing.
He wondered if Sherlock knew that John would never give up now that they had finally started to love each other the way John wanted for so long. No matter what happened, John would make sure nothing would come between them ever again. He would make sure they were right, together, happy. He would fight for it. He would die for it.
“Please be careful today, sweetheart.”
“No girlfriend?”
“What did they do to you? How long have you been in here?” He looked around the small room again.
John watched until Sherlock was done. The counter was clear. Sherlock grabbed a dish towel and was drying his hands as he turned. He looked a bit surprised to see that John was staring at him, but recovered nonetheless and smiled. He leaned back against the counter and stared back at John.
John stopped shooting, seemingly satisfied and sat down in the sand next to Sherlock. John poured sand through his fingers onto Sherlock’s toes and ankles. Sherlock looked at him and John looked back for a long moment.
"What?" John stopped, turned around, but couldn’t look at Sherlock, he stared at is own feet.
Sherlock turned towards the rink’s exit, annoyed with himself that he agreed to ever come to this ridiculous party.
He wondered if John would consider it. He was sure it was too soon. It would be a bit not good to bring it up now, but he kept the word tucked in a little gold box on the mantle in his mind palace.
Sherlock looked away and continued working.
John raised his eyebrows.
“I liked...you in control.”
“Sherlock, will you please come out and talk with me?”
“You too,” John said, then added, “You look like shit.”
And it was. It was his doing. Sherlock had been so direct.
He watched as John picked up a jar to read the label. He would need reading glasses soon, he was squinting to read the fine print. Sherlock could only imagine the fuss he would make.
I focused on John. His eyebrows lowered and lips pinched with concern. It took me less than three seconds to realize that I had been holding my breath to the point that my face was red. Sucking in a deep breath that was far too loud for the room, I said, “Hello John. And his date.”
John pushed Sherlock off of him and onto his back. He scrambled back to kneel in between Sherlock’s knees. Sherlock bent his knees and opened his legs wide.
Luminescent eyes rolled, “Of course.”
John huffed a laugh and pulled Sherlock’s head down once more. John couldn’t imagine being happier. Sherlock was safe, he was there, he was warm. He was fucking gorgeous and wanted him. He wanted him. John couldn’t think of anything more perfect.
That worried John. He didn’t know how bad Sherlock’s problem had been, but he’d been around long enough to see how bad it could get. He was comforted that Sherlock thought he was a deterrent or could provide encouragement to stay clean, but he knew that ultimately it was up to Sherlock. Brilliant, young, troubled Sherlock.
John didn't know what that meant but nodded anyway.
While they kissed, their erections brushed together, teasing, not enough to cause pressure to build. But Sherlock was impatient and turned on and wanted to watch John come right here, right now in his chair. The chair that had seen John blogging and reading and drinking endless cups of tea. The chair that spent nearly two years empty was now going to be a witness to one of the most thrilling events of Sherlock’s life thus far.
Sherlock obliged. Of course he did. How could he resist such a complimentary request?
Please come and say hello on Tumblr at
“None of your business. Can we please change the subject? Thank you.”
on Tumblr, please come by and say hello.
(See the end of the chapter for
John sat down with another long exhale. He glanced towards the counter and was quietly thrilled to see Sherlock’s ears and cheekbones were bright pink. He wasn’t the only one affected by this...them.
“M’fine John,” he slurred, and produced an unopened bottle of wine and a corkscrew.
The rage sniff, if directed at you, meant you were fucked now. Say goodnight.
John could only nod and follow Greg back down the way they came in.
To his relief, by the time he turned back, Sherlock had shrugged off the great coat and it hung over John’s own.
John looked at him from the red brocade chair, waiting for him to continue. He had to wait several long minutes.
Despite being clearly and unpleasantly surprised, he was able to comply. McGregor quickly holstered his weapon and raised his hands in front of him. Greg and John did the same.
“Sherlock.” John was not buying his act, and dropped his hands, sitting back on his heels, still between Sherlock’s open knees.
Sherlock wove his arms around John’s waist and hugged him. He rested his forehead against John’s shoulder.
Despite his confusion, Sherlock allowed himself to relax when John pushed up, sat on the bed next to him, and pulled him into an embrace.
“Please what, Dumpling?”
Sherlock kept rolling his fingers up and down and around the soft shaft. He loved the heft of it. The flesh was completely flaccid but had weight, a dense strength and Sherlock couldn’t keep his hands away. His gaze remained fixed on John’s cock as he rubbed and fondled every intimate inch.
He looked up with eyebrows raised, his huge midnight blue eyes staring into mine. “All right. I see how it is.”
Until someone screamed.
“I just mean. Well. Shit.” He ran a hand through his hair. “Nevermind. Forget I said anything. Let’s go.” He climbed into the car but Sherlock didn’t follow him. John raised his eyebrows and reached out his hand. Sherlock just stared at him, face shuttered and his shoulders slumped. “Please, just come with me.”
John hummed. “Hope not. I need you.” He settled himself along Sherlock’s side, head resting on his shoulder. Finally, Sherlock managed to lift his arm and wrap it around John.
I watched her telling me about private conversations she and John had when I wasn’t around. Surely this meant something.
John just smiled, loving Sherlock’s full attention on him.
“Was he involved? Was the woman guilty?”
on Tumblr.
“I was thinking…” Sherlock said.
“I know. Sorry.”
on Tumblr.
“You're so eager for my cock, aren't you?”
“I’ll make a detective out of you yet.”
Sherlock nodded as he fluffed his hair and patted his pockets making sure everything was as it should be. He grabbed his book and turned to walk down the stairs.
Sherlock huffed but seemed pleased that John didn’t drop his hand.
Seb handed him a card and Graham said, “Location?”
There would be no smug fellatio this day though.
Thanks to his father’s gambling, he had left home at fifteen and couch-surfed in London for a time. He developed a sense for the underbelly of the city. Mary was definitely involved with something dodgy. He was desperate to find out what was going on so he could fix it.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s thin frame and squeezed their chests together. He looked up into the sky over Sherlock’s shoulder and let himself feel a tiny sliver of hope. He felt Sherlock lightly kiss right below his ear.
“The non-biological part of taste is subjective, rooted in childhood experiences and is often visual in nature.”
“I can’t look at you.”
“I’m going to say something serious now,” John said.
Sherlock heaved out a few breaths that he would later deny were sobs. He stayed there for a long while, leaning against the door cradling his broken arm.
Just as they got up to leave, Tough-Guy sneered at Sherlock, “Not gonna get another pretty drink?”
For the second time that day, Sherlock gave up. John unwound his arms from around his shoulders and stepped back a bit. He let him fall to his side, adjust his aching arm, and covered him with the duvet, despite the fact he was still in his trousers and shirt.
Sherlock quirked a smile and said, “Thank you, John.”
“John,” he said, voice rumbling deeply. John was unsurprised to hear a British accent. Models came from all over the world to work in New York.
on Tumblr.
Sherlock closed his eyes tighter and squeezed them one more time for emphasis.
“Yes, a bit.”
“Surely not an elephant.”
“Got you.”
“John,” he whispered, then cleared his throat and looked at John up through his eyelashes and said with a stronger voice, “I have to apologize.”
“I don’t need your help. I’m not tired. I’m not moving.”
“No, John!” Sherlock grabbed John by the arm and turned him, “No.”
“Boyfriends?”
He hugged her back and softly said, “Hello.”
“See, I can’t know everything John. So where did you go to have lunch, and from the looks of it, many pints?”
Before I met Sherlock, I did not properly appreciate a quiet afternoon. He's so full of energy, it's hard to get him to relax. But every once in awhile, he goes quiet and pliant and, believe me, he's sweet. Those are the afternoons I appreciate the most.
My chest flooded with warmth and to my horror blood rushed south to my groin. I could feel the flush reach up under my collar and spread to my cheeks. What on earth was happening to me? Unfamiliar feelings. Rapid heart rate and quick shallow breaths. I felt shame and desire and gratitude all at once.
There had been an attempted murder in Bristol. The DI there, Hayes, had called Dimmock for help, God knows why. Dimmock is a total disaster, according to Sherlock, and I’ve also seen it first hand. Dimmock called Lestrade, then Lestrade called Sherlock for consultation. I had two shifts at the clinic that I just couldn’t get out of so Sherlock had to go to Bristol on his own. He wasn’t too happy about that, but he wouldn’t have been that happy to go with me either. Bristol isn’t London. And balloon festivals were not somewhere you would find Sherlock Holmes. Without a murder, that is.
Maybe Mrs. Hudson can help Sherlock unpack his feelings about his new soldier doctor friend.
Sherlock closed his eyes and let John place small kisses on each knuckle and the pad of his thumb.
“John.”
I John, take you Sherlock, to be my wedded husband.
“Yes, John.”
. John finally whispered
Victor’s eyes were wild and he scoffed, “Fuck!” He began pacing and muttering beneath his breath. Sherlock took the time to observe his condition. He’d been missing for almost two weeks. His hair was greasy, his clothes torn and bloody. So heart-breakingly thin.
“Yes, well,” he cleared his throat and squirmed a bit in his chair, looking down at the paper. Sherlock seized on his discomfort, knowing there was some kind of story he was trying not to tell. Sherlock thought that this would be an opportunity to learn something more about John. He suspected, no he knew, that John was a very sexual man, with a string of girlfriends living on three continents.
“I know.”
Mrs. Hudson’s brow furrowed but slowly reached for John’s outstretched hand. She opened her mouth to speak, but Sherlock beat her to it.
Sherlock helped John stiffly return to standing and kissed him for long moments before taking his hand and leading him to their bedroom.
John sat very still. He did not retreat or lower his eyes. He looked steadily at Sherlock and said, “You should know something about me, I do not respond well to shouting. And I am not judging you.”
“No.”
Thinking of Sherlock once more, he focussed again on the stone of arousal low in his gut. The phone call and distraction had allowed enough time for tiny doubts to creep into the forefront of his mind. It was probably a terrible idea to start something with the young model while he was still using, still very much starting his career. Maybe it would just be tonight? Maybe they would date and John could be a good influence in his life? His urges to take care of Sherlock hadn’t gone away since the first moment they met. It probably wasn’t healthy. John knew he was over-thinking things. He shook his head again, resolved to stop thinking so much, and walked towards the bedroom.
Heart sinking, John stood frozen. It made sense, they’d been through a frightening experience together. Their old and deep connection probably could not be denied, even if Sherlock did have feelings for John. If their bond had kept them alive and unhurt, then John was grateful for it. He thought of James and their short-lived affair, intense from the beginning and feeling very real even all of these years later.
It took Sherlock a second to register what John had said. He cursed his fuzzy brain and pulled away to say, “No.”
It was John’s turn to roll his eyes. “Not that,” he paused, “Well, maybe exactly that. She’s going to be able to tell that’s not a belt you would ever wear.”
“It’s beautiful,” he said, smiling at the bartender, looking up from under his lashes.
In the morning, Lestrade texted. He quietly walked up to John's room to fetch him. He was, after all, essential to the work.
“I don’t know. Can’t think of anything. Have you got Cluedo?”
As I stroked harder, faster, my heart raced and my breath grew ragged. I knew enough not to make noise but I could not hold back every moan. I pictured him roughly scraping his teeth against my throat, fist flying over my erection, encouraging me with filthy words. It worked quickly and I came in my trousers trying not to shout his name. After a few moments of getting my breath back, I realized I didn’t know if I’d succeeded.
He wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes. Their kisses didn’t go beyond a quick peck on the lips or cheek. There had been no sex, no longing looks, no teasing banter. Just small sad smiles when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking.
Sherlock looked at him, amazed at the color his face and ears were turning with that two-word admission.
“What for?” John replied, genuinely confused.
Sherlock raised his hands to John’s head and tugged him into a deep kiss. He tasted his own salt on John’s lips.
“You’re so beautiful.’
Sherlock was doing the thing with his tongue.
Sherlock laughed. “Good?”
He kissed down John’s neck. “I’ll watch it pull away from your body, watch the foreskin retract.”
John looked down and didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know if he’d loved James. It felt like he had. He mourned the loss of him like he did. Sadness welled in his heart and he looked down. He had no desire to talk or think about James. He took a big gulp of wine and said, “Leave it to you to ask me about the one photo I don’t want to talk about.”
“We have our best in-house person on it. She’ll find a match, if there is one, in a couple of hours.”
Sherlock couldn’t feel his arms or wrists. Rather than admit this, he asked, “How are you feeling?”
“You looked amazing.”
“Well, it’s ugly. Find something else.”
Sherlock strode into the kitchen and snatched up his phone. Seven texts and three missed calls. He read the texts, confirmation of what John had said. Not that he would doubt it.
John moved forward, fists clenched by his sides. The young model shrieked and leaned into the officer holding him. He yelled, “No! No, get him away from me.”
A very petite woman with beautifully pale skin and naturally jet black hair walked into the small room behind Graham. “This is Akari, the photographer.” She wore a long white t-shirt over black leggings and shiny yellow pumps with outrageously high heels.
Mycroft fiddled with the handle of his umbrella. “Similar type of holding area. Two persons were being held there. Only two guards. Easy, really, to subdue them. Victor’s friend Noah was one of the men freed.”
“You have sand on your feet,” he grinned.
“We’re going to have to talk about boundaries, I think.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Without transition or explanation, as is the way in dreams,
John bobbed up once, twisting his mouth and tongue to provide maximum suction. Then he slammed his face down, choking on Sherlock’s cock and held him there. His fingers pressed hard against his prostate and that was it.
A tall, very flamboyant man showed him into Mary’s office. He had the look of a former model. Sherlock took note of his clothing, haircut, hands, accent, and body movements. The receptionist was hiding ten pounds of extra weight around his middle very well under his designer suit coat, concealing dark puffy skin under his eyes with expensive creams, and greying hair with blonde dye. To anyone not paying attention he would have appeared to be in his late twenties, but Sherlock deduced it was more like early forties. “Ms. Morstan will be with you in a moment. May I get you anything?” He smiled and raised his eyebrows.
The second time, he was awoken from a deep sleep by Sherlock taking his hand. Sherlock’s hands were gorgeous with long skillful fingers. He took John’s smaller hand between both of his and placed all three between his upper thighs.
Sherlock moaned again, “Oh my god.”
“How did you find out about this?” Greg immediately regretted asking. He really didn't want to know if he was being surveilled by the man who broke his heart.
John felt Sherlock’s cock thicken and saw his mouth drop open, gasping. His eyelids fluttered.
John smiled at him from the red brocade chair. Sherlock walked over and sat on the arm of it. John’s arm came up to encircle his waist.
“So fucking sexy,” said John, “Look at you.” Lazily, he rubbed his toes up Sherlock’s taut thigh and along the length of his cock. Sherlock thrust his hip forward, seeking more friction, as he dropped his head back. John stroked firmer along his shaft, clumsily pushing the head of his cock into his belly and massaging in small circles. Sherlock gasped, jerking his head back up. He grabbed at John’s foot and stilled it.
Immediately, Sherlock reacted to this by pushing in deeper, swiping his finger along John’s prostate again. All the while, he licked and licked around his fingers.
Sherlock lowered the back of his seat so he could recline further. John liked the way his dark curls framed his face. Sherlock parted his lips and opened his eyes to stare at the camera. John stood over him and began to shoot.
“It’s the only thing that makes sense. Now listen.”
John was astonished. A beautiful formal garden gave way to wild walls covered in and wisteria and surrounded by hollyhocks. They found a secluded bench and sat.
Before I met John, I was not a man. I was a greedy, unfeeling, selfish boy moving through life in a frenzy. He has shown me how to love and be loved.
John placed his phone, the food and drink on the bedside table, let the dressing gown drop to the carpet, and slipped back into bed. Sherlock stirred at John’s jostling. His eyelids fluttered open and stared blankly at the ceiling. John regulated his breath, slow and calm, allowing Sherlock to take the lead on how the morning would go. Sherlock turned to his side and looked at John. He looked exhausted, pale, and his eyes turned sad as his eyelids sank slowly. Still, in the mid-morning light, he was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen.
“Mary understands.”
Perhaps a conversation with Hudders would help. She might be able to help me understand. She seemed to know a fair amount about normal human behaviour and possibly sex. I shuddered and promised myself that I would not bring up that particular subject with her.
Sherlock had loved John for so long. Fear tripped over his nerves whenever he thought of John in danger, or of losing John. He promised himself he would never leave and he would try, as hard as his brain would allow him, to do everything he could to make sure John didn’t leave him. John was everything and he knew he was doomed without him. He wanted to wake up just like this every morning for life.
“Tell me about James.”
Greg reached out his hand to clasp John’s forearm. “We’re going to find him. And Victor. And we’re going to arrest that ex-wife of yours for kidnapping and trafficking and whatever else we can throw at her.”
His eyes stayed on John even as the officers dragged him down the hallway towards the stairwell. It unnerved him. He couldn’t shake the feeling that the model might know him but he was sure he’d never seen the bloke in his life.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John’s cheek. John’s irritation left him immediately and he smiled back. He joined their hands together and said, “Almost there.”
“John,” he chided, hoping he was using his most haughty tone, as if John should know better, “when I said I
Sherlock had slapped the little membrane onto John’s neck while pretending to steer him away from the kettle and into his seat. “Yes, thank you for the tea, John. Wonderful surprise.” John rolled his eyes but went willingly.
“Oh John, I can’t know everything,” I smirked.
Sherlock searched John’s face and saw that he looked less sad. He even saw the beginnings of a shy smile. He leaned down and kissed John, filling the kiss with desire, love, passion, lust everything he felt for his sometimes befuddled one-and-only love.
. His cheekbones jutted from his face, his lips were impossibly full and pink, and his eyes...what?...his eyes were too light for a man (
, and it’s very rare for London, hence all of the twitchers in the park”, he pointed to a group of birders with field glasses trained on a nearby tree. “It’s a woodpecker but it doesn’t drum, interesting creature.”
After a while he said, “Did you go to University?”
He concentrated strong, wet suction on the head of his cock. Sherlock moaned and gasped when John quickly flicked his tongue back and forth on his frenulum. Sherlock watched him with his eyes half-closed. He increased his pace to the fast rhythm Sherlock prefered. John loved the feeling of fullness, of Sherlock’s cock hitting the back of his throat. He opened up and took him in further. Sherlock inhaled sharply and said, “John!” with his eyes wide.
“Is that all you can say, John?”
John's eyes went just as wide, "Sherlock. I'm sorry, I don't know why I said that."
John chuckled and held him close. "It was, wasn't it?"
When John felt he could breathe a bit better he took the last few steps out of the woods and hovered at the edge of the meadow, tall grass soaking the legs of his trousers in dew.
The only person John could really name was Bill Murray. Yes, he missed Bill. They'd been fairly close, as friendships went with John. He'd never been very good at being a friend, always too worried about showing too much to someone, whether he admitted it to himself or not.
"Not as such," Sherlock replied, her voice changing in volume as she banged around in what had to be her bedroom.
John was up in seconds and holding her back from clawing the maid's face off. Sherlock inspected the wedding ring while she screamed.
When Anthony eventually took his leave, letting Jane know she could move in that second if she wished and handing her a copy of the paperwork, Sherlock wilted dramatically. Jane watched as she slumped into an overstuffed chair, one devastating leg draped over one of the arms, and found herself wondering what on earth she was meant to do.
"The army," Sherlock mumbled. "Of course."
"I may have been, at one time," Sherlock said, filling the kettle and refusing to look at anything but his own hands.
Mycroft waved a hand dismissively and John wondered if his whole family had that quirk. "Think of it as a dowry."
"I think you bullied your way onto the scene, pushing Lestrade that much closer to an early grave, and told everyone what they'd got wrong. Nod if I'm right, love."
The nightmare woke him again (Murray’s dead body covering his own. The shooter’s eyes as he drew sights on John. The sudden flurry of movement as his head-) and he was sitting up in his bed and panting.
Sherlock grinned, unseen, and turned.
"Because this wasn't what I really wanted," Mycroft admitted, already groaning and rolling his hips.
The Look Of Love (bracketed by pink hearts)
Sherlock started laughing with him and chewed his lip. "It was really horrid."
Sherlock stood and stormed from the room, cheeks hot and mind screaming bloody murder.
"Good tackle there," Sherlock said after they'd been walking for about fifteen minutes.
Greg attempted to hide his smile and shrugged. "Well, doesn't that make you even?"
"Move an inch, and I swear you won't come for a week," John growled, stomping into the kitchen for some cooking oil.
He took a long drag and looked at the graffiti on the wall. It was always interesting to see how young brains worked. It was also interesting to see what they thought of him. There, smack in the middle of the wall, was message in thick black ink.
Greg clicked his glass to John's with gusto and drank the dregs down with a wince. After signaling to the barmaid that he needed another, he looked over to John. "You gonna come on every case now?"
"Come now," John returned, helping him to sit, and finally to climb out of the tub, "don't rain on my parade."
On the paper was a hastily written note.
Sherlock looked up at the ceiling and ran through the last year of chases and punches and dark alley brawls. Two. There were two instances when he'd been punched in the face. He scowled and admitted it was a possibility.
"There's nothing wrong with being gay," Sherlock replied. "It's seen all across nature. When you exclude nature you can write your own rules, but the truth is, it isn't perverse. It's just as normal as anything else. Coupling is...coupling happens in many ways. And that's..."
"Sherlock Holmes!" the woman tittered. "The mess you've made."
And now John was talking of coming home on leave and he was realising that he would either have to admit his deceit or be conveniently out of country. He was disgusted with himself by how quickly the decision was made in his head. Perhaps France would be nice...whatever time of year John would be coming.
The next morning, after days of silence from Sherlock, John took the bull by the horns.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and interrupted. "I-I didn't. I read it last night."
John huffed out a laugh and pulled open a locked drawer to get some lube and a condom. "If I didn't know better, I would think you were using me for sex."
She was gorgeous, hair up in a fierce knot on her head and intense eyes on the screen of her Blackberry. He only had a second to admire her before the strongman got out and 'convinced' him to ride along, unused cardboard boxes abandoned on the kerb.
"Greed aside," John said, "there's lust. Any signs of adultery?"
Getting her things should have been easy. It was a phrase that kept bumping around in her head as she sat behind the desk of a detective, no, detective inspector, at the Yard.
"Won't be able to get any good suction for a while, I'm afraid," John said.
"The food is hardly the pull, is it?" Sherlock said quickly. Maybe that was a bit much, showing his cards. It was too late, anyhow, so he tried not to feel too stupid.
"Now," Sherlock said, already pouring another, "the plan for the night is to get drunk enough to be honest, whilst still being able to remember it tomorrow."
"Agreed. Much too long," Greg murmured, hands going to Mycroft's waist.
John chuckled and pressed a thumb to Sherlock's plump bottom lip. "Come on, let's get ready to go to the Met."
"Sorry?" John asked. "You asking about someone in particular?"
"You're fine. You're fine. It's only a person. Christ. Christ, you're fine. You used to be a person, for god's sake," John mumbled to himself as she walked to the window and slid it open.
"Which guy?" Sally asked, going up on her toes and looking over John's shoulder.
John looked at the outstretched hand and took a step back. Sherlock's voice was uncertain, but damn it, it should have been.
Sherlock swallowed hard on what seemed to be his lunch trying to crawl back up his throat and lay back on the sofa, hands steepled below his chin.
Mycroft nodded and went to make them up drinks as Greg rose from his seat and started in on a fire.
"Really?" John asked, grinning.
It was dark by the time John made it back to the vicarage, weaving through the grass and frowning. He should have been happy to have a date. Surely, Rachel would be a lovely girl. And that, that, he thought, is what mattered, not how he felt about some brilliant man he knew.
"That's not the-" Jane tried.
YOU CAN SEE HOW MUCH THE CHARACTERS CARE ABOUT EACH OTHER. MAKES ME WONDER WHO YOU BASED THEM ON.
"Your nipples have become erect and you're unconsciously rolling your hips," Sherlock said.
"I think we should flirt incessantly," John said, raising his eyebrows and trying not to smile. Sherlock made a strange sounding whine and John laughed. "With the readers," he said. "Try to show them how very much not dating we are."
"I'm making tea," Sherlock said, closing the desk and walking to the kitchen.
Molly Hooper stood at the table in the back of the morgue, the sound of the electric saw drowning out her voice as she sang along to one of her favorite Beyoncé songs and sawed through an ankle bone. Her singing turned to humming as she shut off the saw and set it down to inspect her work.
"Funny, how it all worked out," Sherlock said lightly.
Arrangement was surely a more honest word than friendship, as Greg was adversarial at best around him. It wasn't as if he had no reason to be; Mycroft wouldn't stop being so bloody MI6 about everything. Greg was smart to be concerned, and that just made Mycroft more intent on him.
"I didn't -" John began.
"Oh," Mycroft murmured, the word turning into another moan as Greg's prick rubbed against the back of his bollocks.
"We still need to take their statements," the detective replied.
Mycroft brought supper to the table and Greg opened a bottle of wine and joined him.
"Are you going to eat?" Sherlock asked, taking a disgustingly large bite on purpose and grinning around it.
Here's my epilogue, hope you guys enjoyed this little detour as much as I did!
John sighed fondly and went to the desk. "Actually, I have to write up the lesson plan for this week's after school work. I've got six bored teenagers coming in tomorrow and the next day."
Sherlock hummed and sucked on it and John willed himself not to cry.
There were two distinct thoughts going through his mind.
Sherlock's joined him at the desk and snorted at it. "You know as well as I that one doesn't catch anything from being cold for such a short amount of time."
"You want to be my...my," Sherlock started.
"Watson," Greg replied. "Found ourselves in a bit of a bind. The coroner is off with their dying mother and we've recently lost our local GP."
"What are you talking about?"
"Am I impressing you yet?" John asked calmly.
Sherlock forgot how to breathe, realising for the first time that he had wanted that to be the answer, that he had wanted this man he barely knew to be his soulmate.
"Low blood sugar?" John asked, wryly.
"Can we..." Sherlock tried, shifting his hips as petals stuck to his bare skin.
"I think I'm going to like this new development," Greg said, a bit choked up with emotion.
Sherlock let himself be moved and tucked in, but only let his eyes fall closed when John had joined him under the covers. The fan near the bed was on, earlier than it had any true right to be, so they pulled the overstuffed duvet up to their chins and fell into a synchronised bout of giggles.
John snorted and went to the paper, scrawling quickly across it.
[inside newspaper in the entertainment section]
"Oh," Sherlock replied, as if she'd been the one to happen upon his workplace, "Molly. Have you met Bart's Director? Was that part of the hiring practice?"
"Making sure the rescue would be viewed kindly," Mycroft corrected.
"I'm tired," Sherlock whispered, "I'm actually tired."
"Oh, Jesus. How did I not know you had the room next to me?" John chuckled.
Sherlock grinned. "I believe,
"Do I clean up well?" John asked, comb running through his hair to adjust it, the pomade making it shine.
John swallowed roughly and held onto Sherlock's hips as he settled down, bit by bit, until he was flush and John's prick was deep in him.
"They're not," Sherlock disagreed, standing and shuffling up next to John. "They're gorgeous."
'He's not going to DATE you,' the Mycroft in Sherlock's head said.
He kept his head down as he walked to the end of the street. It felt as if he wouldn't know where he was walking if he didn't look up. It also felt like the short walk ending in a gulping sea with circling sharks.
William looked over at him and John couldn't read his face. His eyes skittered across John's body and landed back on the ground between them.
Sherlock tried to smile smugly and chew at the same time and didn't quite succeed. He mumbled something and, when it wasn't understood, took John's tea from him and choked it all down.
John found Greg near the back of the pub and sat with him, Merrick curling up at their feet. The barmaid came over with a pint for him and he simply pushed it in Greg's direction.
John swallowed and looked away. "Did that make you uncomfortable?"
Ten minutes later they were sitting on a bench outside and Sherlock was getting ready to tell John the truth. It really wasn't the most exciting story, but it did involve them.
Hopkins was pulled away by another emergency worker and said her goodbyes, leaving the boy's to sit alone once again, John's hand now bandaged.
"Oh, God, that arsehole is your brother?" John squeaked. "He's been on me for the last month and a half. I hate him...I mean, well, he's-"
"I know," John added with a forced laugh, "first vicar you've heard of that likes jazz. I'm sure you think it nonsensical-"
"Oh, I've known that I wanted to get you out of your trousers since the day we touched," Sherlock said, laying back down and twining their fingers together.
As much as I don't want to discontinue our correspondence-'
Sherlock whimpered and swallowed roughly as John tossed his own clothes aside and climbed atop him, leaning down and kissing his neck and ears. It was overwhelming. Breathing was once again almost impossible but this time they were doing this, this time it wasn't a misinterpreted touch, this time John admitted that he wanted him.
John rolled his eyes and the small lamp next to the bed turned on as the other lights and the telly switched off. Sherlock grinned at him and John pulled him to his side and went about reading. Sherlock watched him until his eyes refused to stay open, and then fell into a deep sleep.
"Thought so." John licked his lips and went on. "And then you saved the best bit for yourself, didn't you? You kept one little part of it for yourself because you're greedy."
They both sat there, stunned into silence and breathing roughly, for a moment before John spoke.
"Not good?" he asked.
"Of course, stay silent. That's your one good quality, isn't it?" Mary continued. "Or, I guess you're looking for your little boyfriend. I did wonder how long it would take for you to go in that direction."
He dug his toes into the grass, wriggling them and closing his eyes at the sweet coolness of it. He felt as though he could breathe in forever without reaching his fill of the sweet air, humid even in the shade.
"I find most fun to be sinful," Sherlock replied, sitting and taking the bottle of water out to pour some into the two glasses Mrs H had packed them.
Sherlock sat down in her chair and flung her long legs up onto the edge of the desk, apparently uncaring when it came to any sort of modesty, as her trousers were tight and grew tighter in that position. "I told you, you have my attention."
"I'm sticky," Sherlock insisted.
“This is what I needed,” Sherlock admitted blandly, standing from his spot by the fireplace and heading for the door.
John rolled his eyes and pulled Sherlock under, the two of them wrestling and laughing the whole while.
"Alright, well, I guess that means we should start. We're going to go around in a circle and say aloud one thing we'd like from our partner. John, since you're a bit wound up, we'll give you some time to think. Gerald, why don't you start?" Doc said, nodding to the man sitting next to Mary and John.
"The only time I've ever been in love was in grammar school," Sherlock replied.
From what he'd learned that day from the microfiche at the college library, the student that jumped from the roof had complained to his flatmates about strange noises and things being moved. Sherlock had already set up cameras and triggers for alarms all around the house, no one seeming to notice as they unpacked their things. He figured all he had to do was wait, and when his things arrived later the next day, his laboratory would be the perfect place to do so.
And that was peculiar. No one said 'dear' in comments.
John sighed and mirrored Sherlock, scanning the road below. "I did, well, I tried to read your latest."
To answer one of your questions, there have been men that have died. Three the second night I was stationed here. It wasn't the greeting I was hoping for. And, yes, it's a bit too much to ask for photos of their corpses. Not because of my feelings, as that part of me is numb, but because of their families. If you were on the case, which would be solved without any suspense, as we know exactly what happened, I would allow it. Not sure the government would, though.
"You're smitten," she explained. "Gross."
He helped Sherlock up and they made their way down to the kitchen slowly, Sherlock giggling as he stumbled. John finally had Sherlock sitting in a chair, propped up against the wall, and was able to go about making something for them both.
"Anthony," he called.
"You deserve better," Mycroft said, refusing to look up.
"What made you ask?" he pressed, standing closer to William than was really necessary.
"Hush," John said, removing his things from his pockets to go through the metal detector.
The man froze before nodding clumsily and leading the way to the detective's office.
"I am using you for sex," Sherlock replied. He was slightly proud of himself for waiting a whole week from their last tryst. In all honesty, he couldn't stop thinking about it.
When John finally took the seat next to Sherlock on the sofa again, it was to trade a plate of food for the laptop. Well, attempt to. He got an actual growl out of the detective and sat back, one eyebrow raised.
"How does seven sound for dinner?" John asked.
Anonymous'
"Don't rub it in," Sherlock replied, rolling onto his back and spreading out to take up the whole of the bed.
"Morning," he grumbled and he sat down next to Sherlock.
"I believe I'm a handful and a half," Sherlock replied haughtily.
So, yes, with his peculiar habits and unconventional tastes, he ended up alone.
He chuckled at it. "Yes, hello. What should we do today? I was thinking we could...watch one of those horrible movies you like."
John looked a bit confused at that. "I thought they said they wouldn't close the case without the opinion of a medical man."
John only hesitated for a moment before grabbing his bag and jacket and following Sherlock out the door and to the elevator.
John let Sherlock lick into his mouth and pull at his hair a while longer before pulling his own shirt over his head and tossing it to the side, sighing as their chests pressed together and Sherlock started to roll his hips. It was hot, their proximity and movement making sweat bead between John's shoulder-blades, and desperate.
Mrs Hudson cleaned a bit more and left him to his thoughts.
"I suppose it never occurred to me to imagine you in anything besides a suit," Greg admitted, "or the nude."
"I'm sorry," Sherlock blurted, the words spilling out of him before he could think better of it. He was a little frightened by his own voice.
“I was,” he replied after a long moment.
John sighed, “Perfect, thanks Greg.”
He cleared his throat and looked down. The corners of his mouth pulled down, he said, “It was all right.”
“Well, I don’t want to do that.”
Sherlock walked over to see what John was doing.
Of course Sherlock knew what sex and kissing was but he’d never thought about himself doing either of those things with anyone. He didn’t even like when anyone touched him.
He blushed, and said very quietly, “Your arse.”
“John.” Sherlock admonished shyly.
Here they were in the middle of 221B, finally getting naked, and he was yelling. Only Sherlock could provoke feelings of arousal and exasperation simultaneously. The git was so frantic he was going to push them into the edge of the coffee table and give one of them a concussion.
Slowly, he made his way to the side of the bed, aware of his heart beating loudly in his ears. He reached for John’s bare foot. Gently he wrapped his both hands around his ankle. Warm. Under thin skin, he felt hard smooth bone with his long sensitive fingers. With light pressure he ran his hands upwards to John’s calf, feeling the soft hair fluff in the wrong direction as he made his way up to his knee. He lifted John’s leg up onto the bed and hesitated. He needed to let go of John’s knee.
Not as satisfying, but necessary just then.
John placed his hand in Sherlock’s and they went to find Lestrade.
John made tea for them and brought it into the bedroom. He refilled the water glass and poked around the bathroom’s drawer and cabinet for ibuprofen or paracetamol. He found some and brought that back with him. Sherlock was in the exact same slouched position, but his eyes were open watching John.
He ran his hands up John’s neck and stared at him for a long time. John’s eyes and lips were soft with affection. Sherlock leaned forward to capture his lips in a soft kiss.
, what a glorious feeling it was to be terrified by the sweet, beautiful love he and John made.
They hung up. John shook his head. Thirty minutes. That meant only one location and one wardrobe. He was going to need everything to go perfectly. What did Downey Jr. like, anyway? What would he look good in? What would make him comfortable? These were the things John asked himself of every subject he was going to shoot. He could do some research on the plane.
John blew out a big breath and opened his eyes. Sherlock stared down at him, his beautiful lips pulled at each corner in a tiny smile. “Do you believe in love at first sight?” he asked.
“It’s a dog. Woof. Woof.” Sherlock moved his pinky again.
“No!” Sherlock’s head snapped back, eyes opened wide in alarm.
Ten years later they were still solving cases, bickering over Sherlock’s recklessness or his miniscule appetite, John’s quick temper or penchant for jealousy, drinking tea, staying up too late. They were also still shagging like rabbits all over 221B, 221C, Scotland Yard, Regent’s Park, and two separate, memorable, very satisfying, occasions at the Diogenes Club.
A quick rap on the door took him from relaxed professional model to alert undercover target. He looked up to see Mary walk through the door. She was dressed in a cap sleeved black shift dress, black platform heeled pumps, and short leather gloves that barely reached past the middle of her palm. She looked at him with a fierce intensity before relaxing her face into a clearly fake smile.
Sherlock lifted his head to look at John, smiled and said, “Good night, John.”
“You all right?” John asked.
Sherlock couldn’t suck enough air into his lungs. The feeling was indescribable. Each nudge to his prostate elicited a full-body spark that he’d never felt before. He’d experimented with prostate stimulation, of course. He knew it was sensitive and fantastic. His only other partner, however, had never found it, nor even tried during the few brief times they’d done this. Feeling a real cock hitting his prostate, John’s cock, attached to John, the man with whom he was desperately in love...well, that was truly life-altering.
When they made it home that night Mycroft had to undress Greg because he was so drunk, settling him in bed and getting in next to him.
"Can't you tell?" John teased.
"I've had an offer from the Met. I'll be moving to London in three months' time. I've already talked to Dimmock," Greg explained. "He'll let you on cases."
"That you haven't slept in days," John admitted.
Sherlock broke into a grin and jumped from his seat. "Wonderful. I need to see it before that idiot from the Met."
Sherlock nodded slowly and watch the pulse quicken in John's neck.
"Will you spend the night with me? Mrs Hudson will be out for another day or so. I don't...I don't want tonight to be over."
"The veal T-bone is a front runner. I had it last year. Tender," Sherlock answered.
"You really do come on strong, don't you?" John asked.
The feeling in the room changed at that last choked word and John leaned forward. "You are special."
"What do you want, Myc?" Greg asked, closing his eyes for a second before taking another pull of his beer.
John kept his eyes open for cruel rich boys, bent on a little entertainment.
"Yeah," John chuckled, "honesty is like a kick in the arse sometimes. Go to sleep, now."
"How long have you been out here?" John asked, looking around to make sure they were still alone.
"On leave, that is," John added.
Sherlock finally smiled at John's stumbling, at how openly he showed his disdain, and interrupted. "You're right. He's insufferable. If you think it's bad having him bothering you once a week just imagine him trying to control your entire life. 'You can't make a living being a private eye, Sherlock. You need to have a steady job, Sherlock. You should just become a writer, Sherlock. There's no such thing as a consulting detective, Sherlock.' He's a monster."
"Nothing's wrong! Why would anything be wrong? Nothing on earth is wrong, besides the incompetence of your staff and the stupidity of the local criminal class! Why would you suggest something like that? Why would you even suggest something was wrong?" Sherlock demanded, hands in his hair.
"C'mon, gov," Greg teased. "Do what you will."
At the end of two hours John had a fairly good idea who the suspect was and Sherlock was finally done searching.
John took a deep breath and rested his hand on Sherlock's thigh. "Thank god."
"Will I get a reward if I don't complain?" Sherlock asked, watching John as he went over the new X-Rays on the small computer screen.
"I reckon I could get off just like this," he rumbled, rolling his hips so the head of his prick pressed, caught, and then retreated. "Could you?"
"Mmm," Sherlock agreed.
Getting a little hot in here.
"Did you keep the nail?" John asked, placing the plaster and setting Sherlock's foot down carefully. "I'd like to have a look at it."
"It wasn't a fist fight," Sherlock disagreed. "I was helping apprehend a suspect. A murder suspect."
John cut him off with a kiss and Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed. "Mmm, I do. How do I look? Proper husband material? Happy marriage?"
"Please what?" John asked, bending down to lay hot kisses along Sherlock's abdomen. "Please, sir, will you bugger me harder? Please, sir will you fill me up?"
"Good," John said, leaning in to kiss the man. "That's all I meant to say."
Sherlock nodded once, shuffling his feet, and then spoke to John, for possibly the last time. "Well, it was good to finally meet you. I'll just." He turned slowly and then turned back to face John, tears threatening to fall from his eyes. "You should know I meant everything I said."
"We never boxed. Perhaps tomorrow we should head to the gymnasium. It should be a mild day out. Unless, unless you need time to write your sermon for Sunday. Should I come? Should I come to the sermon? Do you need me to start coming to church? Becuase I don't-"
"John," Sherlock murmured, somehow incapable of saying anything else.
“Miss Holmes has quite a few bad habits,” the boss replied, walking out of the shadows in a way Sherlock had to admit was impressively dramatic.
"When I got to see your pretty face? Cor, no," John exclaimed, pulling Sherlock to his feet. "And love, the thing is, even if I was upset, it wouldn't matter. We'll work through all that, yeah?"
"He's an army doctor, if you must know. I was...it's been stressful for, for both of us, having him in such a dangerous area. We've been...we've been dealing with a lot of stress," Sherlock explained.
Sherlock followed along, pointing out different wildflowers along the way as if it was a compulsion.
He'd been enjoying himself, he'd been actually happy for the first time in years. And yes, yes, it was all based on a lie, and yes, that was quite possibly giving him an ulcer, but it was better than before John. Each time he remembered that John didn't know who he was he would simply convince himself that it didn't matter, that this was a ride he would have to get off at some point, but one he would allow himself to enjoy.
"Not in love, then. Lust, perhaps," Sherlock said, head cocking to the side as he tried to read John's body language.
"Interesting name," John said, passing the coffee over. "Here you go. And some biscuits. On the house."
“No worries, mate,” John interrupted. “No offense taken. Not sure if you’re gonna believe this, but I’m putting in for the position in the morgue.”
He still felt silly saying it. He’d started saying it while in hospital between surgeries 3 and 4. It was something the first therapist had suggested, actually, now that he thought of it. She wasn’t all that bad a therapist after all.
"Your club?" Greg asked, confused. They'd dated for almost a year and Mycroft had never taken him to his club. It had been one of his bones of contention when they broke up; that Mycroft seemed ashamed of him.
_____
Sherlock pushed a glass beneath it to catch the liquid spilling from the mouth and John filled the glass halfway before righting the bottle and waiting for the second glass. When he'd filled the second he held it up and tried to look serious.
The two of them ended up in a sweaty, salty, objectively disgusting, embrace. It took several minutes for either of them to move, and when they did it was to climb into the shower and continue where they'd left off; wrapped in each other's arms.
The woman sat at her desk and crossed her legs, cocking her head to the side. "No, I didn't mean the case. I meant the relation. As far as I can tell, you've made yourself indispensable."
Sherlock sighed and continued walking. "Out with it."
The left side of Greg's mouth pulled up at that. "Perhaps I'll order and then just eat off your plate."
Mycroft kissed him on the forehead and pulled him close.
Sherlock's brain felt like it was short-circuiting. He couldn't seem to pull the thought out that was slowly forming. Something, something about what John was saying was incredibly important, but all the blood in his entire body was rushing to his cock and he'd only ever done this with one other person and John was pulling back again and that was decidedly not what he needed.
Greg huffed out a breath and cleared his throat. "When you smile I fall apart."
He looked at the ceiling for a while before looking back down at the small screen. His email had contained one sentence, and maybe it was just too much to ask. 'Tell me about yourself,' seemed like something you would say to a prospective date, he thought. In the next second he realised why it rang so true; he'd pretty much said the same thing that night to Sherlock.
Sherlock took a step closer. "And?"
"Good sermon?" Sherlock asked at last.
"Then hurry up with it or do it tomorrow. Your choice," Greg said.
"I'll be back soon, hopefully," he said as he pet the dog and walked out the front door into the early morning, the sun hinting at rising, but not much more.
"Maybe you should-" Greg started, his mobile ringing loudly and cutting him off, to John's satisfaction. He answered it and then held his hand over the receiver. "Have to take this, it's head office."
The paper suddenly seemed rather fragile in Sherlock's hands. He set it on the bed in front of himself, not sure how he'd got to the bedroom, and flattened it out with care. He really, he really should be more careful with letters sent to him by his...well, he ought to be more careful. His stomach lurched at the thought of how he had treated the envelope and he rushed out to find it.
"Well, I have to get back," Greg said finally, the silence dragging on longer than he was comfortable with.
Mycroft nodded again and shifted where he stood.
A week had passed and, though the boredom wasn't terminal, Sherlock was itching for a case. He was in a rather good mood and thought that later that day he would pick up a cold case from Lestrade and pour over it into the evening.
Sherlock shook his head resolutely. "No. I'm going. I'm going to solve the crime, and Sally will just have to watch me, as usual."
John'
And John couldn't help but gawk at the man. Christ, he was forward. But, then again, John supposed, you kind of had to be in this sort of situation.
"What do you want?" John pressed.
"I'm sorry for the misinformation. I suppose you've taken a new interest in God, then?" Mycroft pressed, knowing this would be the less acceptable accusation in Sherlock's mind.
"You're wonderful," John said, smiling at her and turning to leave.
Years later, though he'd never really considered it before, he was contemplating kissing Charlie. He was contemplating it with frightening frequency.
Jane sat on the edge of the bed in the flat she was renting near the university and ran a towel through her hair as the rain pounded on the window. She still thought of it as ‘the’ bed and not ‘her’ bed, even though she had been sleeping in it going on three whole months. It occurred to her that she hadn’t truly had her own bed since she was a child. She still felt as though her bunk overseas would have suited her better still. There was something about the sheets that, though they were much better quality, didn’t feel right.
"Shut up and continue to romance me, John," Sherlock said, his voice cracking and giving away a lot more emotion than his words did.
-Excerpt from local paper-
"Evening," Mycroft said as Sherlock entered the Holmes mansion.
Mycroft had been enjoying the little game they were playing, with Greg not realising it was a game, but pushed it aside as the sky cracked loudly and heavy rain started to pour. He was at Greg's side with his umbrella open before the man could retreat to the overhang.
"Once before," Sherlock admitted, sighing and rolling his hips. "It wasn't what I had hoped."
He envied the man for that last bit alone. He'd never felt particularly in control, never once in his life. He felt even less in control when he came across a photo of James sitting with his men. He must not have known the photo was being taken because, and something fluttered in Sherlock's stomach at it, he was smiling. Soft, and uninhibited, James was smiling.
Sherlock sniffled, for effect, and splayed himself out on the chair. "Marry someone kind, John. For my sake."
Sherlock snorted and rolled his eyes. "They'll figure it out in a few hours. It's not strictly withholding evidence. We just need a head start."
"What the hell does this mean?" Sally asked, opening the paper and glaring at it. "Your biggest fear? Who tells ANYONE their biggest fear?"
"As if I would use kisses to win favor," Sherlock said with mock outrage. "Mrs Hudson, you wound me."
"Take the risk. Bend some rules," Sherlock whispered, the act falling and his pulse racing. "Come on, Doctor Watson, live a little."
"Your husband," Sherlock started.
He felt a kiss to his mop of curls and stood slowly. John was-
"I've been scraped with a rusty nail and I'm not sure when my last tetanus shot was," Sherlock explained without preamble.
John leaned in and, for the first time, kissed Sherlock gently on the lips. Sherlock melted into him and started to cry again, and John stroked his neck to calm him.
Sherlock smiled back, enjoying the fluidity of John's movements. The man obviously didn't realise that he'd forgot his cane upstairs.
_____
"Also good," Sherlock noted.
_____
"Exciting," Sherlock said a bit softer. "I like to, to be surprised."
He slipped his coat off and left it handing over the edge of the sofa as he walked into his bedroom. He needed to sleep but he knew he'd never be able to, what with the stress of the convention weighing on his mind, so instead of crawling into bed after pulling off his clothes and slipping into a pair of pyjama pants he went back into the sitting room and reached around in the dark for the remote.
John grinned and nodded, looking down at his feet for a second before stepping forward to surprise Sherlock with a quick kiss to one cheek. Sherlock couldn't help but stare as John walked away.
The man smiled (and wasn't that enticing?) and picked up a large mug. Sherlock couldn't stop himself from staring at the man's lips.
"I talk with you," Mycroft said, raising an eyebrow at the challenge.
John nearly choked on his sandwich. "Sorry. What? Why the hell would you ask me that?"
"Home, then?" she asked.
"I'm buying US the house. Unless you'd like to live somewhere else, now that you can," Sherlock replied calmly.
And maybe someday you'll need to use the resource they're creating, and won't it be swell that they're still around.
John closed his eyes and rested against the wall for a long time before he gave in and yanked his pants down to his thighs. He could hear Sherlock breathing and knew that if he stayed right where he was he would soon be able to hear more. The thought of Sherlock in bed stroking his cock was enough to make him nearly bite through his tongue as he spread precome around the head of his prick and then pulled back on the foreskin.
"There's been a sayin' goin' round," the singer crooned, "and I begin to think it's true."
If you're reading this and you've been an ass to them, please show yourself to the door and eat a dick. We've talked about people unnecessarily criticizing others who are doing their thing for free. It almost got me out of fic once. If you don't like something someone else has made, leave. You don't need to comment, you don't need to be snarky, if they're not hurting anyone, shut the hell up.
Sally stood from Greg's lap and raised her hands in the air. "And I'm never paying for drinks ever again!" The group cheered louder as she made her way to Mycroft's side. "I thought you were a prick, gov! He's happy, though so I guess you aren't all bad. You fuck with him and I'll kick you're arse." She punctuated the thought with a wet kiss to Mycroft's cheek, frowning once she realised what she'd done and taking a long sip of the lager Mycroft hadn't finished.
As soon as the woman was gone with the tray John leaned in and whispered. "Isn't this illegal? Procuring evidence under false pretenses?"
Sherlock swallowed roughly and took the mobile in one shaking hand. John nodded and went into his room and Sherlock slumped against the wall.
"It was a rough night," John lied.
Mycroft pushed around his food with his fork and frowned. "John, by any chance?"
"To a Glasgow kiss that lead to the Valentine's suite," he said.
John dropped to his knees and engulfed Sherlock's cock with the slick heat of his mouth, shocking the thought from Sherlock's mind and making his legs go a bit weak. He pulled back, lipping at Sherlock's foreskin and then sank down again as he pressed one finger into him.
Since he didn't have the Internet, he was able to write in the notepad app without his moniker staring down at him the whole time, which helped. He already had a premise in mind; the lonely doctor. Cliché, yes, but he'd found that in this type of writing it was less about whether something was a cliché or not, and more about whether you could make it palpable. Your character could bugger the delivery boy as long as your readers wanted to know who came first, and where.
"How did they know we have the Valentine's Day suite?" John asked as he continued to read.
"Use your words now, love," John commanded.
John scowled at him as he left, and then, for some unknown reason, wished he would come back. Odd, that.
"It's pouring out," John said, "let me call you a cab."
HEY I SAW YOUR AD AND I WAS WONDERING IF YOU'RE STILL LOOKING FOR A SUGAR DADDY :) -JW
"I'm sorry," Sherlock murmured, eyes closing as one hand curled into a fist in front of his mouth.
"John," Sherlock choked tightly.
"You've got that right," Greg laughed.
"Oi!" John shouted, "don't encourage the behavior!"
Greg drew away, both hands moving to prop himself up on the bed.
It hadn't seemed cool in the house, but the second they walked out the front door it was as if walking into an oven. They made it through the tall grass, all of it gone pale gold and dry by then, in record speed. The shade of the old oak was enough to make them pause and sit beneath it, Merrick looking back at the front porch of the house as if maybe it hadn't been the best idea to follow his people on this insane venture.
Jane closed the front door to the flat that was suddenly hers, and locked it for good measure, before deciding that the least disrespectful place to have a go at herself would be the loo. She barely made it through the door before she had one hand down her pants and the other up her shirt.
Mycroft shrugged and looked as if he really didn't care. "So I am."
"When Lestrade removed it," Sherlock replied, looking up at John, puzzled at his reaction.
"Good. You're just fine, aren't you? It's always better when it's a bit wet. Can't wait to get you to a bed. Would you like that?"
Sherlock woke a shocking ten hours later feeling as though the night before was a dream. A dream or a hallucination. He had been working with chemicals earlier that were technically poisonous, after all, so it was an option.
Sherlock Holmes had been a friend of Mike Stamford’s for many years. When Mike explained that to people for the very first time, he always seemed to get the same response:
Sherlock nodded, face serious and with what he hoped would be perceived as understanding. "But you were in love with him."
"I'm going to tell you exactly what's going to happen, yeah?" John said, pressing in and adding a second finger.
But no, he was unlucky in many things and this, undoubtedly, would just be another.
"Murr," John said, eyes crinkling at the edges and chest puffed out like a sparrow. "You still got that camera around?"
John took a deep breath and nodded as Sherlock left the car, cadaver box in hand.
There were people bustling around inside, cleaning and straightening. It surprised John, but Sherlock seemed to have expected it. He pushed them past the first group and up to the upper storey, closing and latching the door behind them and walking to the far wall to look at the street below.
Sherlock sighed and crossed his arms, looking very much the petulant teenager he was acting. "When, Lestrade, do I ever come for conversation?"
Greg chuckled and held him close, wondering how his life could have taken such an unexpected turn. "Champagne does that sometimes. Do you want to take a quick shower before we rustle up some coffee?"
"Writers get busy," Molly soothed. "If they aren't professional writers, then they have whole professions to deal with as well. How long ago did you leave the comment?"
"No biting remark?" John asked.
"Hell," Greg said, scratching the back of his neck, "I have to admit, that'll make my life easier. Well, relatively."
She'd let him have the jacket and he reckoned he looked rather good in it. It fit nicely and when he pulled the collar up he felt proper civilian. He wanted to feel that way on his first trip into town, wanted people to meet him before all the assumptions that came along with his position.
"I'll just," Sherlock replied softly, opening his own bag and pulling out the awful blazer he'd bought. He immediately regretted looking so dumpy. John had a way to make a plain checked shirt look good.
"Mmm, you're doing well," John said, stroking Sherlock's neck with his free hand as the other scratched at Sherlock's scalp.
The rest of the medical care went easily, and Sherlock was actually surprised that the doctor was treating him professionally after their last meeting. He almost believed the man didn't remember him. He was perfectly fine with that.
"She says it's on the house," Sherlock smiled, "as long as we come here for out next date."
Sherlock watched her with some suspicion but took a sip anyhow. His lip curled and he took a quick gulp of his tea. She grinned at him.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and sat back. Jane slipped her shirt back on and turned around. Sherlock sat there, posh pyjamas and silk robe, hair full and bobbing with every shift on the bed, and Jane wanted to kiss her so badly. Instead, she stretched out her leg and let Sherlock arrange it as she wanted.
"So...have you thought about charging for your cases?" John asked.
"Tell me what you want," John pressed, finally bottoming out and rubbing his thumbs over Sherlock's nipples as he found his rhythm.
"It's just cold out, so, so you're cold," Sherlock sputtered.
Well, maybe not too forward.
"Sandy," Sherlock said, thankful to have sputtered the right name. "She's bunking with your wife."
"Yes, well, that's almost an apology," John said, snorting and relaxing his stance.
I've only ever been in one relationship before, and even then it ended before we kissed. How would one go about starting a relationship that would lead to this type of closeness?
John vanished like a puff of smoke and came to in the attic.
"Oh, Captain," Sherlock cried, hands gripping John's neck with bruising force.
"Won't save me a damn thing," John shot back with a snort. "But..."
"That's rather informal of you," Mycroft replied.
John shrugged. "The people of this town are good people. They deserve better than a sinner. If they knew-"
"Hey," John replied, taking Sherlock's hand and pulling it to his lips for a quick kiss, "you're gorgeous, really, but you're a bit shite at pretending. I saw you then. Tobacco ash, communicable diseases, nature, breaking the rules, making me laugh. Was any of that a lie?"
Greg shook his head. "Toss it. I've made my mind up. The bed and the sofa, too."
"Right," Greg said, nuzzling into Mycroft's back and wrapping his arms tightly around his waist.
"Oh," Sherlock sighed, "god yes."
The text was sent so quickly, with such urgency, that Sherlock forgot to even sign it as he usually did.
_____
_____
At the end of his shift, having forgot all about the situation with Sherlock and John, Greg dragged himself from the building and started the walk to the local. He was so tired that it took a few beats for him to notice the slick sedan pacing him. When he did, he huffed out a small laugh and walked right to the kerb. The window rolled down partway and he leaned against the door.
"I don't think it's unnatural," he said. "It's...it's all fine."
Greg always felt especially close to him after sex, when Mycroft would let his guard down and allow Greg to hold him. He was fine with it, really, because he knew no one else got to see that side of Mycroft, was sure no one else ever had.
John frowned at her.
"What are you doing back in London? I heard you and the missus were living a few hours away," Mike said. John raised his eyebrows and Mike had the presence of mind to look embarrassed. "Word gets around when a doctor marries a nurse."
Across from him, a whole world shifted.
"Wait," Sherlock said, holding his hand out as he fiddled in his pocket for his mobile. "How much have you had so far, and what is your weight?"
When he finally did it was to scare the crap out of one of the other students by not only turning on the kettle, but pouring himself a cuppa, within full view.
"Boring," Sherlock said with little heat.
_____
"You aren't drunk enough to forget that," Mycroft murmured, eyes closing as he wrapped a gloved fist around Greg's prick.
"I don't wear cologne," Sherlock said, eyes far off.
"Yes, I didn't know you two were..." Greg said, letting the sentence hang unfinished for one of the men to pick up.
"Isn't that a bit-" John started, looking over his shoulder to where the detectives were huddled.
Sherlock somehow imagined that they would be led into a building that ended up being John's home, that the mention of hunger had been something else altogether. When they arrived outside a small cafe, Sherlock was waiting to be led to the huge hotel next door. It wasn't as impressive as the Savoy, but perhaps that itself had been a ruse. Perhaps John didn't feel like paying for the Savoy after meeting him.
Apparently Sherlock had been grunting or something more horrifying. He nodded quickly and pulled so John rolled onto his side. There was a bit of panic that came along with it, panic from wanting something so badly and not being able to name it.
"I know the logistics," Sherlock interrupted, rolling her eyes. "I just don't know the reason. Yet."
"Reckless, and mad," John went on, leading Sherlock up the stairs to the flat and walking right into the kitchen.
John rang off and walked into the kitchen. Sherlock was bringing his plate to the sink, Merrick glued to his ankle and whining for one last bit of egg.
"You're uncomfortable," Sherlock replied quickly.
John threw his hands up and then jumped into the water where it was deepest, disappearing for a second far below the surface before reemerging. Sherlock swam to him and giggled when he shook the water from his short hair.
Yes, he decided, glancing over at his childhood bed and sighing, for Mummy’s sake.
SHERLOCK IS IN LOVE WITH JOHN
I LIKE BOND FILMS
"John Watson. So good to finally meet you," the man said, his face in disagreement with his words.
"What is this place, then? Some sort of-" she asked, forgetting completely why she had entered.
The next morning, after rising and dressing for the day, John and Merrick made their way down the narrow stairs and were greeted by an unexpected visitor. It wasn't anyone John had met in town, and the man had definitely not been at the Sunday service. Merrick went to him and lay immediately at his feet.
"I don't know him!" Sherlock whinged, and that gave it all away.
"You watch your fuckin mouth in this house, young lady," Jack howled, fists slamming into the table and threatening to upend the pint he'd been making a lazy way through.
"Well," Sherlock replied, without any heat, "that is rather the point."
I CERTAINLY HOPE YOU ENJOYED MEETING MR WATSON TODAY. MH
"If we end up in some dreary warehouse, I'm not leaving the car," Greg said, slipping in next to Mycroft's assistant and setting the soggy newspaper at his feet.
"Of course not," John said, sighing and grinning at the man.
The remainder of the letter was an intense recounting of recent cases and anomalies in corpses. It was interesting reading, along with the critiques of the people who worked at the Yard and the morgue. John found himself reading through it a second time before he could put it down. When he did, it was only to pick up a pen to start writing a bluey back.
He wondered if Sherlock was in bed yet, if the man even slept, and sighed. Wondering about Sherlock would do him no good.
Three hours later Sally and the group were properly sloshed and she was sitting in Greg's lap, arm tight around his neck and forehead pressed to his.
"I know," Sherlock said, pulling the spare pillow to his chest and digging his fingers into it.
"Jesus," Greg sputtered, "you feel good."
William hummed and turned, and they slowly walked back to the cabins.
People couldn’t seem to understand how someone as honest and kind as Mike could put up with having things constantly nicked from his person and office by such a rude man for so long.
"Seems my dog knows you," John said, walking into the hall and up to the front pew.
And, Christ, Sherlock. The man was stubborn and strange and John was transfixed. But no, it was a dead end. Married to his work. John had thought there was something there, some frisson of heat between them, as the DI stood over the ex-husband that day. He supposed it was just transference; his interested cock in its interested state from the adrenalin alone. That had happened before, after all. Only a tish more often than infrequently.
"Pity," Sherlock said, leaning back. "We could have split the fee."
Sherlock scoffed and reached out just as they made it into Regent's park, picking a flower and presenting it to her. "Men like him deserved to be dragged before the whole of the city. I haven't had such fun in a long while."
That time he'd left John outside the restaurant during a case.
At Sherlock's house, he quickly put on a pair of tan trousers and a slightly darker sport coat. The choice of a striped shirt underneath without a tie was a bit risqué, and that's what he was going for. He slipped a tie in his pocket in case the club wanted to fight over it and fiddled with the top two buttons on his shirt, deciding to leave them open.
"I do think the arm is broken," Sherlock said to the driver. "Go faster."
When Sherlock made it through the front door of his flat, still murderously embarrassed and angry, he found a small box waiting for him. Inside was a wrist brace. He really would have to shake his brother for breaking into the NHS computer system.
The club was dark, lights pulled down low to encourage intimacy. The walls were a deep red and covered in photos of musicians, many of them smiling raucously. Sherlock ran his fingers along the wall just below them as they were shown to a table near the front, trying to memorize each face, jealous of their openness.
"Oh, god, don't tell me," John said, exasperated smile stealing across his lips. "You two were uni sweethearts, weren't you?"
"Well...sort of. She was mum's sister. Kind of weird, into crystals and spells and all that. Dad didn't like her, so she never really came round. Have you seen the flat? Does it have a sofa? I could really use a sofa, Janey," Harry all but pleaded.
John paused for a moment and then gripped the handle of the knife. "We're quite a ways out. Might just be my time."
"Should have never let him get hurt," John finished. "Because you should have controlled everything perfectly. Because in situations like that, things always go by the plan, right? Things go by the plan and good people don't get hurt, because he world is a just place."
Sherlock was shocked by how John managed to suck the air out of the room, and stumbled into his explanation, sounding breathy and weak, which was horrifying. "I was in the morgue. I was with Molly, doctor Hooper. I didn't think I would-"
William shrugged and looked a bit embarrassed. "First thing that popped into my mind when I saw the stream."
"I have a soulmate," Sherlock whispered, laughing hysterically for a second, before passing out cold.
"I AM strange," Sherlock replied, opening his sandwich and pulling out the lettuce before closing it again.
Jane drew in a quick breath and clenched her jaw. "You looked me up. Why?"
"You told me you were going to meet the killer in public," he said, tracing his fingers over Sherlock's thigh in a calming pattern. "But you didn't say where. I guess I just assumed it was somewhere in London."
John huffed out a laugh and felt tears gather in the corners of his eyes.
"There we go," she said, patting his shoulders and smiling. "Get home safe, now."
"Oh, joy of joys, a child's book," Sherlock huffed, his voice nasally and weak.
"Do you see how silly that sounds?" John pressed.
It took a long while for them to do so, working against the intense magnetic pull the universe had created.
The first blog entry revealed Watson's searing interest in Holmes while the second, posted late last night, read like a love story. Watson is clearly enamoured with Holmes and the new take on romance from the writer has caused a buzz like no other. People just can't wait to see the two men's budding romance evolve. With Valentine's Day coming up it couldn't be timed better if it was scripted. Who knows what will come next? Candlelit dinners? Roses? No matter what, the eyes of the city are on these two men.
John was startled at that and looked back down at the file to see how he'd missed that the man was an officer. Now that he thought of it, he did dress like one of those detective's in modern shows; dark charcoal suit and white collared shirt beneath a massive coat. He chart said nothing of it. He supposed it wasn't always written down, though.
