Sherlock sighs, the tears begin to fall but he doesn’t make any effort to wipe them away. Why can’t it ever be easy? Why does he have to love the one person he absolutely cannot have? He leans his head on Watson’s shoulder and closes his eyes.
Sherlock’s ankle is swollen but it’s nothing some ice and some pain medicine can’t fix. He tells this to his parents who are relieved to hear the news.
Sherlock is virgin-tight, even with the amount of slick he’s producing, the grip on Watson’s cock is unbelievable. John tries to move again, but Sherlock steadies him.
. Watson can’t help it; he does as he’s told, fucking Sherlock as if control’s a word unknown to him.
“Whatever may I ask is the problem here?” He inquires, rather bravely, seeing how the other Alpha is considerably larger than him.
He doesn’t even seem aware of what he’s doing, just whining helplessly as he desperately seeks whatever friction he can gain from Watson, using him for his own release like a needy bitch in heat.
The hum is back and thrumming more insistently and with its buzzing comes a certain calm as if there is nothing to worry about, everything is fine.
This may sound cheesy, but I appreciate it so much! You guys build me as a writer and though I love what I'm doing, you guys keep me grounded and I can't thank you all enough for that.
He tugs Sherlock’s hair again, and the boy  groans in pleasure at the man handling. The lad pulls his mouth off Watson’s cock with a sinfully wet
I didn't mean to spring this as the ending chapter without warning but, no worries, there will be more. This isn't the last you'll see of these two. ;)
The scent is coming from Watson and it doesn’t take a detective to see that. He stands there smelling like the seaside, like the ocean and the sand but also the aroma of a virile male. With blue eyes narrowed into slits and jaw set, it appears that he’s in great pain, but is trying to conceal it. “I’m in rut.”
you. I was in rut, I couldn’t handle it, but I did not think about Mary. While I felt as if I were losing my mind, the only person I wanted beside me was you. The only one I thought of was you. She even
He smiles, thinking of Sherlock, unable to help it now, even if he wanted to. There’s a gentle hum thrumming through him, a sign that the Omega is safe and sound. He’s grateful for that, and subsequently, his unease lessens by a fraction.
"Though in the order of nature angels rank above men, yet, by scale of justice, good men are of greater value than bad angels."
She raises her eyebrows. “Believe me, if I wasn’t sure, I wouldn’t bloody be here right now talking to you.”
And John relaxes, because this is what he’s wanted for a long time; a place where he can simply be himself, without having to worry about his behavior or how others perceive him. Mary was a terrific woman, but sometimes it felt as if he were out of place with her friends and in the prim and proper life she was trying to build around him. He loves her, he truly does, but sometimes a man needs to get away from it all.  Tonight he was going to get absolutely smashed before he returned to the lodging, sleep it off and then resume being the picture of sophistication Mary wanted him to be.
Sherlock grins. “That’s why I like you, Irene.” He gives her the money and she slides another picture to him. It’s a man with red hair, it’s not a dark auburn like Irene’s but his eyes are almost the same color as hers.
Hello everyone! I am so sorry that this chapter took so long for me to post. I've been battling with allergies, headaches and life in general but here I am, back from the dead or at the very least, the underworld lol. I want to thank my beta Ranger for the much needed help.
“Until we get enough evidence to make the arrest. Holmes, are you all right? It appears all color has left your face,” Lestrade observes, studying Sherlock curiously.
He thinks briefly of leaving Sherlock in the bar alone with the Alphas who want to knot him and he almost growls, because the thought of someone else touching the lad is enough to send him in a careless rage.
His orgasm comes like a bolt from the blue, shattering all thoughts and feelings not primarily related to those of overwhelming pleasure. He’s helpless against it, only just remembering that the warm, yielding body below him needs to feel this, that Sherlock needs to be on the same level with him. So he reaches down and strokes the lad’s member once, twice, before Sherlock is crying out and coming over Watson’s hand.
Sherlock chews his bottom lip, looking in Watson’s direction without even seeing him. Instead, his mind is preoccupied with thoughts of unknowingly putting on the worst performance known to man and ruining everything. “As you know, I can neither flirt nor act, Watson, much less to save my life, which is precisely the predicament we’re in.”
He feels as if he could fall asleep as Watson starts to massage his scalp with gentle fingers. “Sherlock, you had me so worried.” Comes the broken voice behind him.
And Sherlock finds that there is nothing left to say, except maybe “I love you,” over and over. It feels good knowing that he has all of eternity to say that, after all, he refuses to lose Watson again. Wherever he goes, Sherlock will follow. Always. Even if it is to the ends of the earth, he will follow his mate, without question. For the undeniable fact is his love knows no bounds. It can’t even be contained by his heart.
“Are you trying to kill me?” Watson asks, because he’s entirely sold on that and nothing can convince him otherwise.
“Whatever is the matter, Watson? Do you not like it? I can wear something else. I just thought maybe I would be more irresistible in--” And heavens, he might be hyperventilating. Or is Watson the one hyperventilating? Who knows? And good heavens, were the walls always so mobile? Were they made to shift and bend like that?
The alpha blinks. “Really? After all I’ve done, I would imagine you’d hate me. That would be wiser.”
manage to squeeze out of Sherlock’s grip, mumbling garbled phrases that he believes are apologies, but very well could also be nonsense, before getting to the doorway. But right before he’s about to leave entirely, he whispers out loud, keeping his eyes straight ahead of him, and resolutely not looking back, “Yes, I needn’t worry about wooing him if I were you, Sherlock. Trust me. Irresistible does not somehow quite entirely cover it.”
Lestrade, the mastermind behind the abhorrent scheme chuckles, obviously proud of himself despite the fact that neither Sherlock or Watson finds the idea anything but foolish.
He’d awoken a few hours ago from his drugged stupor to realize that he’d slept longer than he had planned, and then, after being momentarily confused, he tried unsuccessfully to find Mrs. Hudson. He wanted to chide her for not at least attempting to rouse him from his sleep, only to remember that she had left that night to see a show. He could vaguely recall her mentioning that she’d be gone for a fortnight. Unfortunately, he had lost interest in the conversation at that point so whatever reason she gave for prolonging her absence was dead to him.
John, without thinking, reaches out to hold him and the lad quickly accepts the comfort. “I will not let that happen to you. Do you hear me Sherlock? We’ll overcome this, no matter what it takes.”
For a long time, Watson does not come out of the lodging except to go to his practice. He ignores phone calls, neglects Gladstone (thank goodness for Mrs. Hudson), stops going to the pub, he shuts himself off from the rest of the world.
I've been working on fics here and there, but life is life and it's been throwing wrenches in my plans as it does. But writing was happening, just a lot slower than usual. And then more wrenches and then less time or more time but then this or that or disaster or same stuff different day. And so it goes. I love you guys a lot, as always. And I've never said that lightly. And I will never say that lightly. A day does not go by that I'm not grateful for you guys, and fanfiction on a whole, and fanfiction creators, and readers, and the people who have this platform for us to connect, and being both a creator and a reader myself, because without this I would not be sane. Because this world is crazy, but I mean y'all pull me through and I want to pull y'all through and I'm a sap right now, sue me. xD
I can’t just stay there in my room like this anymore. The older I get it seems the more insatiable my being becomes.” Sherlock frowns, looking ashamed of himself and Watson feels more sympathy tug on his heart.
“That’s a shame, then,” Watson says, slowly making his way over to him before planting both his hands firmly on his hips. “He’d get off lucky. You in the habit, sweet talking him with that mouth of yours.” As Sherlock’s head eases up the slightest fraction and his scent peaks in curious response, Watson makes sure to drop his voice, bending slightly so his breath ghosts the shell of Sherlock’s ear. “Meanwhile I get you, prancing around in this,” and to emphasize he reaches for the swollen globes of Sherlock’s arse, squeezing the tender flesh through the barely there fabric of his pants. “Saying so little to me, while your body is making all these promises.” He trails a hand along the seam of his omega’s ass loving that he can feel so much of his glorious, now dewy flesh. It’s
chance in hell and though I concede that the suspect has homicidal tendencies, Holmes would not be doing this alone. Need I remind you that you and I and the best constables in the force will be just outside the door where the uh. . .strategy will take place?”
The lad isn’t dense, by any means and the comprehension breaks across his face as the meaning of Watson’s words catch up with him.
“He also has the propensity to murder his lovers. Holmes won’t be involved in that nonsense,” Watson argues. “I won’t subject him to that deadly predicament. If
The lad’s head is lowered, he’s staring down at the cobblestone sidewalk and seems unbothered by the freezing rain dripping down his bangs.
It’s not as if the Beta gives him the chance to anyways. She narrows her eyes, studies Sherlock for a minute before her face deepens in anger at the recognition and realization. And then she says the words so slowly that all hopes of Watson ever finding his voice have left without a trace. “What are you doing with
Watson’s pulling off his coat and shirt, revealing a chest so toned that Sherlock’s mouth waters. Watson lets him watch for a second longer before he’s divesting Sherlock of everything but his shirt.
Sherlock doesn’t need to think about it. “Say you’ll stay,” he whispers, meeting Watson’s fiery gaze with his own electric one.
It’s hard to describe what Sherlock is wearing, simply for the fact that there’s not much to describe. Watson’s never seen him reveal so much skin. His pants are far too short and way too tight, and the shirt he’s wearing under his jacket is thin enough to leave nothing to the imagination and so sheer against his throat that Watson can detail exactly where he would like to sink his teeth. It’s too much and not enough all at once. And mercy help him. He needs air.
.” Watson whispers by the lad’s ear, slicking his dick up with Sherlock’s fluid. He would stretch him, but at this point they’re not kidding anyone - Sherlock doesn’t need it and his hole is twitching hungrily. Plus, Watson’s been waiting far too long for this.
, moves. Sherlock is shamelessly loud, crying out and begging him for more, using that not-so-innocent mouth to coax Watson’s alpha.
Watson appears to study his face for signs of hysteria. “Yes, you heard right. I love you and it consumes me with an intensity that I’m tired of fighting. If there’s anything I can do to reverse some of the damage I’ve done, let me know and I’ll do it, irrefutably.”
The perpetrator left only two dusty boot prints, and a broken doorknob as the only trinkets to remember him by. Not his usual frequent; dressmaker's shops must lack that certain je ne sais quoi to attract many grimy murdering Alphas, Watson surmises.
Watson is about to give him a cutting retort when Sherlock pipes up, “He didn’t advise me, I came here looking for him. I’m not in the state to go home by myself and so after I get my drink, he’ll check me over and he’ll take me back home. Isn’t that right,
Sherlock groans, and then he bites his lip again and this time Watson doesn’t stop himself, he leans in and trails his tongue across the abused flesh while giving the hand still on the boy’s arse a rough squeeze.
“Yes, these circumstances are less than ideal.” Watson agrees, sighing from a great deal of exhaustion.
Watson’s warm, soft lips press against his and steal all the air from his lungs, replacing the oxygen with his delightful scent. It’s like something off limits, a foreign, forbidden taste of what Sherlock can have, but all too soon Watson pulls away.
No one deserves to look so enticing and taste so delectable. He never even considered himself as someone who likes Omegas, he considers himself a man who favored strictly betas and women rather, but Sherlock isn’t a normal Omega. He smells too damn good and the way he seems to pull Watson in, as if Watson has no choice but to allow it, makes him both intrigued and
“Apparently the people aren’t all going missing by coincidence,” Irene says, taking a drag of her cigarette. She slides a picture over to him. To the average onlooker, they aren’t even having a conversation. “There’s an operation, some kind of sex ring involving Omegas and Alphas, hell even Betas.”
“Mother, please. I’m fine. I’m a little fatigued and I wanted to take a walk in the hopes that I could wake myself up.” He lets out a convincing yawn that maybe is a little too convincing, for his mother takes his arm and leads him to his room.
Eventually he does cross the distance into the room. He knows he must look like he’s in great pain, because Sherlock tilts his head and screws his face into a pout when he sees him. Watson’s trying to tame the alpha and be civil and maybe even romantic but damn it, it’s not easy.
“Well, if you’ll excuse me. I’ll just be going to the shop now.” Mrs. Hudson says, regaining her composure and trying to escape from the scene of the crime unscathed.
The lad’s pleading eyes rise to meet Watson’s and they burn with unresolved hunger. Once again John finds himself being pulled under and brought back to the matter at hand.
And as he stares down at his mate, still making a mess of himself, filling the room with the scent of his honey sweet slick and breastmilk, Watson's not so sure this won't, in fact, kill him. But still, he tries to get Sherlock’s attention. He calls his name softly, but Sherlock is way too wrapped up in chasing his own pleasure, pleasure he rarely takes the time to explore, to care. He peers up at Watson with those large, pleading brown eyes, seeming to ask permission to dry hump him right there in his study. All for that peak he needs to reach.
So Watson flips him onto his stomach, right there on the floor. He raises Sherlock’s arse up and leans his head down so that his face is practically pressed into the pillow (that he provided once he got a little clarity, lest Sherlock hurt his neck). He’s taking the dress shirt he was wearing from last night and tying an intricate knot around Sherlock’s hands, pinning them to his back when he notices that Sherlock is squirming very impatiently.
Mary shakes her head. “Well, no, they left once I turned the corner. But I heard them! Tell him Sherlock.”
“Watson?” Sherlock calls, turning around to find that the alpha is not in the foyer. He emerges a second later, coming from the bathing room, drying his hands on a towel, with the sound of the tub filling behind him.
. “Sherlock?” Watson calls. He takes a coat off the rack and puts it over his head before walking down the steps and touching the lad’s shoulder.
“How unfair for you,” Sherlock pants breathlessly, giving him a soft smile that is far too sweet for someone pressed up against him so close he can feel the hardened peaks of his nipples through their layers of clothes.
Sherlock shrugs just as Lestrade strides over, way more chipper than the situation allows. “As long as you remain tempting and effervescent, he won’t suspect a thing.”
As always I want to thank everyone for the kudos/bookmarks/subscriptions/hits any and everything. You all are so wonderful. Thank you! :)
Luckily, Watson regains some sense and stops Sherlock before he can go any further. Sherlock pushes and pulls, but Watson’s grip is like iron.
urges him to move is the sudden overwhelming curiosity of what it would feel like to have Sherlock come undone, needy and helpless and begging like he is now. Unable to pull away as he’s pinned between Watson and his desk helpless to do little else but squirm and mewl as Watson’s tongue finally gets to savor that perfect arse he’s been craving for god knows how long. Drinking that divine slick as Sherlock rides his face and completely falls apart like his own personal toy omega whore--
John is so engrossed in his thoughts and studying the lethally sharp dip of those hips that he doesn’t notice that Sherlock has stopped walking. When he looks around, he realizes they are in a dark alley.
They kiss again until Watson turns him so that Sherlock’s arse is flush with Watson’s hips, but only briefly as Watson bends him over, placing Sherlock’s hands on the lip of the tub and roaming his hands over Sherlock’s plush arse.
Watson, certain now that Sherlock is serious, hitches the omega’s legs around his waist easily. Too many days of locking himself away in his study without eating makes him light in the alpha’s hold, but he’s too dizzy with the rush of it all to care. Watson loves him? Can it be?
“Oh thank heavens! Doctor, I’m afraid I am in dire need of your help. You see my son here has had an accident. He sprained his ankle and…” The man points behind himself to a woman holding the hand of - Watson can’t hear anything else for his brain finally wakes up after months of disuse and connects the pieces, it’s Sherlock who’s eyes brighten when they lay upon him.
Hi everyone! I am so genuinely sorry this chapter took so long to be posted. I've been really busy with school and a bunch of other things that would take too much time to mention. Just know that I'm back and I don't plan to be gone that long ever again! (^_^) In turn, hopefully I injected enough smutty goodness into this chapter to make up for it.
It’s slow but perfect. Especially since they’ve found a good rhythm. Whenever Sherlock rocks forward, Watson thrusts up. It’s such a glorious feeling to have Watson going deeper than Sherlock ever thought possible, Sherlock comes shamelessly on Watson’s chest below him. And Watson fucks up more insistently, his handprints branding into Sherlock’s  hips whenever he grips too tight.
Despite all the craziness happening in the world right now, I just want to say that I hope you're all safe out there.
He could read the daily paper but now it has, unfortunately, regressed into more of a useless tabloid article better suited for cleaning windows than anything actually worth reading.
The words are honey-sweet but Sherlock closes his eyes, embarrassed. He doesn’t want to tell Watson that he’s always hoped that the alpha would change his mind about Mary. That Sherlock actively refused to give up his innocence to anyone but his good friend. He was waiting for the alpha to claim him as he had already owned Sherlock’s heart, he might as well complete the set. But Sherlock would die before he ever admitted such a pathetic thing to his friend.
Their lips meet and the universe stands still. As his hands tangle in Watson’s hair, he wraps his legs around the alpha’s waist and Watson clings to him. He feels so dizzy with the force of his love, rising inside him and threatening to overflow that he pulls away laughing, positively thrilled with this turn of events.
He kicks and punches but they grip him. “I will scream.” He warns them, but the alphas seem not to care.
I figured I could fix her and that she could fix me, but it never turned out that way. Do me a favor, lad?” Watson sighs, seriously trying to make sure that Sherlock understands. “Promise you will never be the person I am.”
And as for you guys, I want to say that I feel so incredibly lucky for the amount of love and support these fics have received. I am so grateful and happy that I can make and share something we all can enjoy. Please forgive my sappiness, but at times when I feel unsure of myself I look at the support these fics have received and feel loads better! So thank you, you dearly loved people.
After ensuring that he’s tucked into his massive bed, she sends for one of the maids, Gertrude, to keep an eye on him. And when the ever busy, ever stressed Gertrude, probably the only person Sherlock trusts in the house, comes to check up on him, she smiles.
approve.” He grins widely like the proudest, happiest cat. “I have to say, Watson, that the plan might actually be shaping up quite beautifully. Perhaps, it is true, I’ll admit it: at times, I do fret needlessly.”
Mrs. Hudson still hasn’t returned either, actually sticking to her word of wanting nothing to do with this and avoiding the lodging until it all cools down. If it ever does, that is. God does he envy her right now.
I want to give a special thanks to all those who've read/kudos'd/subscribed/everything to this story! I am forever grateful to the responses this story has received. Thank you guys so much! I also want to thank my betas 95Echelon, Abel and Secret for the much needed help and inspiration. And for giving me the kick in the pants I need to keep writing!
The alpha raises his head to give Sherlock a wolfish grin. “It’s remarkable how blind you’ve always been. To my stares,” his tongue grazes the shell of Sherlock’s ear, causing him to shiver. “My lingering touches,” his hand travels down to rest on the omega’s hip, gentle yet firm, holding Sherlock in place. “There came a point where I had to reel myself back in fear that you’d never want me as much as I you.” His other hand threads itself through Sherlock’s hair, with a slight pull of the unruly curls, he angles Sherlock’s parted lips to his. “But then you went into
Hope you all enjoy this and believe me I've been feeling so good about the comments/kudos/hits/subscriptions that I am on cloud nine always. Thank you so much!! <3 <3 <3
Sherlock doesn’t answer, instead he takes Watson’s hand and places it on the swell of an arse cheek, he’s wet—no—he’s positively
“What contradicting parents you have; they want you to stay locked up during your heats, but refuse to put you on suppressants,” Watson contemplates out loud.
He doesn’t really have a good excuse, except that it’s a few weeks before his wedding to his fiancée Mary and he already has cold feet. And what better way is there to warm them than by engaging in a night of spirits and solace? At least that would be his response if anyone were to interrogate him.
The joke falls flat. As his gaze drifts to the floor, Sherlock sighs, tension weighing on the air like a heavy cloud and the silence that suddenly fills the room is deafening.
Watson’s voice is honey-sweet and dangerously gentle, “I’ve been thinking about you since I woke up this morning. Do you know that, Holmes? Fierce thoughts, I’m afraid, thoughts a married man shouldn’t have about his best friend.” He sounds contemplative. Sherlock swallows because his throat has now gone dry. Watson
Aided by Sherlock’s copious slick, Watson’s fingers continue their torment. Though he doesn’t directly hit the omega’s sweet spot, Sherlock’s channel desperately swallows each digit, trying to milk them like they’re a knot. He moans long and loud, unable to help himself. Watson seems to like the exhibition, because his eyes never leave Sherlock’s blushing face.
Watson glances away and falls silent, his telltale sign whenever he’s so troubled he can’t speak. Sherlock moves closer to him, placing his hand on his alpha’s arm, he waits until Watson’s tentative pale ocean eyes meet his. “I know this isn’t appealing in the slightest, but everything will be fine. You have to trust me, Watson.”
“I went about seeking the bathing room and I stumbled upon her. Poor woman, must’ve thought she’d seen a spirit. Can’t quite blame her, s’not as if I was expecting her either.” Sherlock continues.
Watson sighs. “Alright Mary. I am eternally grateful to you for bringing Sherlock here. But it seems that the lad and I have much to discuss.”
Of course, this isn’t exactly doing anything to ease the panic rising within him, especially with Sherlock being this close. In fact, this is the stupidest, least logical thing to do in this situation. But, he doesn’t want to alarm his mate. So, he takes a deep breath, planning to look at anything but the pretty omega standing in front of him. He’s beginning to think this evening can still be salvaged when said omega tip toes suddenly, and Watson’s hand quickly finds itself acquainted with the soft, plush skin of Sherlock’s arse.
Sherlock couldn't hold back a soft sigh of relief and worry when he saw John's belly. For the 5th month, he still looked too thin and the bump was not big enough. At least it was only his pregnancy John was worried about though and this wasn’t actually about their fight. Then John's unfounded suspicion hit him like a brick. "John, you are pregnant. The tumour is a baby. Our baby, possibly." he spilt nervously. John looked up in shock and Sherlock couldn't tell if his friend would be angry or not, so he just quickly hugged John. "John, I'm sorry," he said before he ran away. Back in his own bed, with his door locked, he shivered once more.
It didn’t look much like Sherlock had a choice and he really couldn’t come up with a way out of this that would still lead to some kind of a relationship between him and John. So he hesitantly spoke. “In all the time we have known each other...since Barts… you have said that you are not gay precisely 1476 times, not counting the times you have implied it. Each time it was somewhere between an eight and a ten on your scale. Is that a satisfactory answer?”
And then, finally Sherlock’s time had come. He carried his love to the bedroom, undressed him and had him lay on his back. With soft oily hands, he then began massaging John’s big baby belly in circular motions. The doctor groaned in pleasure underneath Sherlock and he could only smile. He was just massaging for now but it seemed to feel good. When John was all relaxed and as happy as could be and his skin was the softest Sherlock had ever felt, he finally asked his love “What do you think about some intimacy? I thought you might miss it.”
“Jawn?” Sherlock shouted excitedly as he ran into the flat. He turned around 360 degrees in the living room, searching for his boyfriend or his daughter. When he didn’t see them, he barged into the bedroom. “John! You cannot imagine what the case was about! Guess! You have 3 tries! It was so interesting. So George called me about a suspected homicide that had to do with the old drug dens I know. When I arrived, it was obvious it had been a homicide so I asked the homeless network for help and went undercover  to talk to some people. None of them knew who it was but a new name had appeared on the street. no one knew the guy but everyone knew his name. So obviously I found this guy and solved the case! Is that not amazing? It was so much fun, he tried to shoot me and we ran across roofs and at one point I almost thought I had lost him but he was just hiding on top of a fire escape, right above me! Can you believe it?” Sherlock explained without stopping for a breath. Once he was done, he stared at John with glee in his eyes, breathing heavily to make up for all the lost air.
Rosie was cheering as she and Sherlock went down the slide. Despite his shaky fingers feeling like pudding, John managed to take a few good shots as his daughter and boyfriend shot out of the green tube. He welcomed his angel with open arms and she hugged him, asking him “Do you want to go too? Let’s go!”. “No, Sweetheart. It looks like there is a long line now. How about we relax a little in the saltwater bath?” he proposed instead. Rosie nodded and began walking in the direction, making sure to look back to see her parents walking behind her, holding hands. “Was the slide scary?” John chuckled as he tried to hide his discomfort. It was better now that he was reunited with his family. He still felt a little wobbly and shaken but that was nothing a good hug from Sherlock couldn’t fix. “Oh yes, very scary.” Sherlock smiled sarcastically. Once they slid into the hot saltwater outside, John’s muscles relaxed and he wrapped his legs around his lover’s gorgeous waist, letting Sherlock guide his body. In the water, he was not heavy at all and he thoroughly enjoyed sitting on Sherlock’s lap and cuddling up against his love in the warm water. It was too good to be true.
Daddy always sat on the bench to watch her and he had taught her to holler when she wanted to play in a different area. The slide was boring so Rosie hollered and began swinging. And then this man came. He looked a bit like her daddy in old photos. In photos, Daddy had more and blonde hair but he also looked harder. Now her daddy looked much softer. This man looked hard. He offered to push her so she could get high enough to touch the clouds. She had never touched a cloud before. How would they feel? As the man pushed her, she got closer and closer to the clouds but she couldn’t reach. Maybe if daddy helped push, she could get high enough? Again, Rosie hollered but he didn’t react. He only looked at her. Usually, he waved or gave her a thumbs up. Weird. When she looked down the next time, she could see his daddy walking very slowly towards them. The last time he had walked this way, Papa had told her to help him to the armchair. Rosie put her feet on the ground, dragging her shoes through the sand to stop the swing so she could go help her daddy.
It was adorable. With loving hands, Sherlock then began massaging his darling’s back before letting one oily finger trail down his buttcrack. John pushed back against his finger needily and Sherlock slowly, with a lot of lube, eased one finger into his love. It was so tight and hot, his penis throbbed in anticipation. Slowly, he moved his finger until he could enter a second. When he finally entered the third, John hissed from the stretch but encouraged Sherlock to continue. Finally, his three fingers were moving nicely inside his love and he could take them all out.
John read over his new blog post for the 20th time, still doubting if he should tell people of the diagnosis and if this was too formal or fine. “Just post it, staring at it won’t make it better.” Sherlock smiled as he came up behind his love with Rosie on his hip. They had been communicating better since their fight. Now John filled Sherlock in on the details, particularly his feelings while Sherlock did his best to listen more attentively. Not solving cases anymore was helping too. “Daddy, look. I made a picture.” Rosie grinned as she handed John the photo. It was a small misshapen human-like being and a bigger one, both blonde. The bigger one was drawn as a rectangle. “Aww, who’s that? Is that daddy? Is he so strong?” Sherlock asked in his silly voice. “No, Papa. Daddy is soft. That’s Major. My friend.” Rosie explained with a grin. The picture dropped to the floor and before John could say anything, Rosie had been whisked away and dropped off with Mrs. Hudson for the time being. Sherlock returned swiftly and sat on the sofa, opening his arms wide so John could crawl in for a cuddle. As tight arms closed around him, John began feeling less antsy and he breathed more deeply, enjoying the scent of his love. “My dear brother is taking care of him. He won’t be back.” a deep baritone voice promised.
Once that was settled, Sherlock knew what to do. He began stacking up pillows so he ended up with a doughnut shape. Then he slowly guided John to lay down on it, with his belly sinking perfectly well into the hole and his hips as well as his chest being supported by pillows. His love sighed in comfort and told him “Don’t think I’ll ever move again. This is perfect.”
The birthday party so far was terribly boring. Too many people, too many affairs, too many things Sherlock was not allowed to deduce. Mycroft had made him swear to either stay with him or to stay close to John to make sure Sherlock would behave. Obviously, he chose John.
Sherlock’s face cleared, his narrowed eyes normalized, his wrinkles slowly but surely smoothed out and the tip of his tongue that had been hanging out, finally returned to the inside of his mouth. Now he looked relaxed, without wrinkles and with a tiny smile on his lips. "Glad you're enjoying it. Can I touch your belly? Please? I haven't touched it yet. Everyone else has." he pleaded desperately. Secretly, his hands had been itching to touch John’s swollen baby belly, to touch what he and John had made together. And now he might even be able to do it. If John allowed him, that was.
That gave Sherlock the rest. He couldn't cry in front of all these people so he ran as he had always done as a child. He only regained a sense for where he was when his wet pillow obstructed his airways. He was in his old room, filled with all of his old belongings. He had cried in there so many times. So many times that the tears wouldn't stop coming now. So Sherlock did what he had always done, he cried until no tears would come anymore.
Apparently, John had followed him but when he hadn't gotten any response from Sherlock, he had fetched Mrs Holmes. Once Sherlock had opened the door, she pushed herself in. Her son had tears in his eyes which sent a pang through her chest. Red cheeks, red eyes, wet pillow, he had been crying extensively. She pulled her son into her arms forcefully and sat down with him on the bed, leaned against the headboard so Sherlock's head could rest on her chest. He was a bit too tall for her which made curling up with him somewhat harder but Sherlock was and would always be her baby boy when he was crying.
Still, she never forgot. She always found herself glancing up at his window, searching for his face peeking out between the curtains. Her husband even asked if he should go upstairs and check on their darling, seeing how worried his wife was. She just shook her head no and mumbled: "He fell asleep". Mr Holmes knew that meant his youngest son had cried himself to sleep. Poor thing.
When he woke up, John again had to run to the bathroom. He had been sick every morning for a few days now and suspected he ate something wrong. As he hung over the toilet and retched, he hoped that he wouldn't wake Sherlock who was sleeping in the next room.
About halfway there! He thought to himself when his leg began aching close to a local bakery he and Rosie passed every day on their way to daycare. Perhaps having a little break here with one of their delicious scones would be nice? No. Without any time to contemplate the thought, his mind had already cut John off. Something felt wrong. He looked around but couldn’t spot anything out of the ordinary. There were two boys riding their bikes, a few people sitting in front of the bakery, munching away happily on their purchases and a couple more people in line, waiting to order. Weird. With another cautious look around and a little more attention towards his surroundings, John continued walking. For the rest of the way home, the feeling stuck to him like glue but when he entered their front door, it rolled off him like beads of water. Sherlock was dozing on the sofa with dishevelled curls and an arm covering his eyes from the sunlight. After taking a deep breath, John couldn’t help but smile and join his boyfriend for a little snuggle.
John was still standing with his back against the wall, confused and without a clue what to do now. "Shit." he sighed and lifted a hand to his face, massaging his temples with middle finger and thumb. "I...I need to fix this, right? Can I fix this?" he asked into the room.
The nice and matronly lady was suddenly looking a lot stronger and a lot more frightening. "Because of
Only a few seconds later, the answer arrived. John had been waiting for a call or a message all night and morning long.
Sherlock and I will be taking a break from solving cases. We’re sorry to all the people trusting us to help but Sherlock needs to be treated for Hyphema. We will be back.
The worry in Sherlock's voice eased John's tension a little. His friend wasn't mad at him for screaming at the consulting detective how much he wished he’d never met Sherlock. Plus, Sherlock had remembered to apologize which was good. Still, he needed another moment before he quietly mumbled: "I don't want to leave you." He closed his eyes right after and suddenly the sound of his heartbeat and blood rushing through his ears became unbearably loud and almost made him miss his friend’s response.
And then his mother knocked on the door as she had always done. Sherlock needed a minute to realize this was not just a memory, his mother was really here.
So he followed his flatmate around the entire day. It didn't take long until the first guest, a particularly annoying and overly cheery aunt of Sherlock’s assumed they were a couple, because of course she did, and asked if they had thought about marriage yet. John responded with something that Sherlock didn't quite understand because of the blood pounding in his ears which left a kind of static in his head. He only heard the "I am not gay." part.
John agreed and was happy to be brought to the picnic blanket. He hesitantly sat down, not too close to Sherlock to give him some space and was still for a few minutes. he could hear Sherlock's breathing. And his friend smelled so good. He wanted to hear the beautiful baritone voice that always sent tingles down his spine too. Thus, he asked "How are you?" like a nervous teenager.
Mr Holmes only shrugged and Mycroft spoke for them all by saying "I suppose you can try but it is my brother's decision."
[John got drunk about a month ago and landed in bed with Sherlock. His hangover made him forget everything.]
John was awoken by the clattering of pots and pans and when he got to the kitchen, he saw Sherlock with an apron around his waist, cooking them dinner. John came up behind his love and hugged him, burying his face between Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
As soon as he was done washing off the sweat, he drew Rosie a bath and settled her in there. Unlike usual, there was no complaining when he put in the airway cleansing and immune system strengthening bath salt. Absent-mindedly, he washed his daughter’s back with still shaking fingers and dried her off once the water was running cold. They ended up snuggled together in his bed, both exhausted from the hour in the park.
Run. Run. Run. Run. RUN! his mind screamed at him over and over again but John couldn’t. He was afraid if he stood up now, his legs would fail him. Or worse: they wouldn’t and he would run away from his daughter. The man waved at him but John could barely see him. The edges of his field of vision were blurry and tiny colourful dots danced across the darkness when he blinked, leaving a fading imprint for another second after opening his eyes.
Mr Holmes had by now pulled his wife back a bit and took her into his arms, soothing her with a big hug and protecting John from a furious and protective mother. "Of course he does." Mr Holmes said with an unbelieving shake of his head. "He really is a bit daft, isn't he?" he commented, addressing Mycroft.
On their way to the closest of the playgrounds, John made sure to hold his daughter’s hand as she slowly walked along his side. “Will Papa read me a story later?” she asked with slightly glassy eyes. His gut felt as if someone was squeezing it together as John shook his head and mumbled back “No, I don’t think Papa will, love. But I’ll read you all the stories you want.”. Big blue eyes widened even more as he said that “All the stories? Many? Like 5?” the little girl asked despite her sore throat. John nodded, offering his daughter an encouraging smile. “Woooow. 5. That’s a lot,” Rosie mumbled to herself.
John’s jaw dropped. That number was far too high for his liking but he knew it would be the correct one because it came from Sherlock. “It’s far too high. I am so sorry. Sorry isn’t even the right word. Shit.” he sighed, now massaging his temples again to lessen the stress. “I wanted to make it up to you with kisses. That would be 13, 284 if you like the idea of kissing me at all, that is,” he added.
Focus. Focus. For Rosie. He told himself as he got up stiffly. His left knee felt like jelly that was about to slibber slubber away while his right knee felt like the joint had solidified.
It took a minute for Sherlock to process what John had said and he whispered back "Nooo, don’ go. Stay," before his eyes fell shut again. Now John really had to smile. Sherlock thought he had said 'bye' and not 'bi', how cute. Still, he wasn't quite sure what to do. Getting into bed with Sherlock would not end well if Sherlock really didn't remember this. And John didn't know if he was forgiven or not.
Some friends of his mother, Sherlock didn't even know them, began talking to them. He answered their questions about the garden and the house meagerly, wanting to get away. They asked if he and John had a house with a garden -
The aunt went on to talk about how she knew excellent wedding planners and how it was a shame they weren't a couple because they were so sweet and so on. It was all just static for Sherlock. John seemed to notice the tension in Sherlock's body and moved on to talk to someone else soon.
John gave an enthusiastic nod. "Yes. I do have feelings for you. I don't know if a relationship between us would work or if you even want that but I'd like to try."
He got behind John and while kissing the man’s neck lovingly, slowly pushed in. Sherlock’s penis was not too girthy but it was long and soon it stretched parts of John that fingers couldn’t reach. As soon as Sherlock was in entirely, they both took some breaths and a few seconds for a loving kiss before John whined “Move. I need you. I missed you so much.” Sherlock complied and began thrusting in and out of John, picking up the pace when his darling ordered him to.
Sherlock looked down nervously, then up into John's stormy blue eyes and responded "Yes. I have feelings for you, John Watson and I'd like to be your boyfriend."
Sherlock didn't answer, he only asked his mother "Mummy? Can John come over for lunch? We want to talk. "
That question. The mere question made John turn around with tears in his eyes. “Sherl…” he croaked with pain showing in his eyes. Very gently, to not scare Sherlock further, he took one of his friend’s large oily hands in his. “Sherl. Of course. It’s our baby. Yours. And mine. Honey.” he mumbled sadly.
plan much better, he knows that it isn’t what Sherlock would want and neither would it make his mate very pleased. Because above all, of course, he wants Sherlock to be happy.
“Lestrade believes John Doe committed all these atrocities in search of his long lost omega,” Sherlock offers, helpfully.
And Watson thankfully doesn’t need to be told, he positions Sherlock right so that he can slide a finger in, and they both groan when there is no resistance. Sherlock’s hole clenches hungrily around the first finger. Two more fingers later and he’s chanting Watson’s name, begging, groaning, desperate for more.
Mary’s eyes flicker between Watson and Sherlock. The room goes quiet again, or at least Watson assumes so, as the only sound he hears is the violent pounding of his own heartbeat
Watson smirks, “You’re remarkably astute for a lad your age. You can’t be any older than fifteen, and I’m assuming you snuck out from your safe, warm house to get away from your stern parents. What’s the matter? Have they no respect for the fact that you’re in heat?”
It takes everything in Watson not to scream in frustration. Never has he been more painfully aware of his rock hard cock than he has been in what feels like an eternity since Sherlock stepped in with this...monstrosity he’s wearing. But what finally finally
, Watson’s dick is free of its confines, and the air of the room is like a fucking jolt of electricity once it hits his cock.
He stares at the window across from him, locked now because of his parents’ displeasure at his latest escapade, and wonders what it would be like if he were born a Beta like them as well as his governess. If they’d be easier on him because they’d have less to worry about, and if they’d treat him as if he were an actual human being instead of some rare, fragile gem that they had to protect every waking second.
However, that other part of Watson invites the lad inside, and the urge returns. Before he can stop himself he’s moving into the boy’s space, gripping Sherlock’s hair and tipping those perfect, plush lips to his. And it’s like drowning, sinking, going under, deep into the depths of lust where everything else is overrated: air, rules, society. The only thing that matters is Sherlock. All that should ever matter is Sherlock.
But who was he to complain? As guilty as he felt for feeling this, he had to admit that he’s never felt more
Watson continues wrapping Sherlock’s leg with the gauze. “She was engaged before me, but he died about three months after.”
Hello guys, I am not dead. Sorry if you're disappointed. :P As promised I would post two chapters, and I am, so expect two tomorrow. (^_^) I just wanted to post this teaser for you all because I feel insanely bad about taking so long with my updates. You all have been so amazing and the day I stop telling you guys that is the day I am actually dead.
Sherlock’s father gives him a bright grin. “See Judith, efficient and humble as well, they certainly don’t call him the Good Doctor for nothing!”
Mrs. Hudson is already in bed when they arrive; the lights are all off and if the clock tower blaring in the distance is any indication, then it’s too bloody early in the morning for any self-respecting Brit to be awake...
I'm back! (Trying, trying, trying to be consistent, but that is still a work in progress...and sometimes an uphill battle :D)
his mind wants to weep for the tenacity and willpower he’s lost, but his body is too preoccupied with what it can have, what it can fill, to care anymore.  He needs to
, Mary. What they’ve done was amazing and Sherlock will remember it always. At times when he feels he can’t go on, can’t take the loss of everything he holds dear anymore, he’ll remember that for a moment, Watson was his and he was Watson’s. But no matter how happy he feels; it still doesn’t make this right.
“Well Sherlock, you’re in heat and I’m afraid this chap is correct, you shouldn’t be at an Alpha pub in God knows where. Your parents wouldn’t like—”
He sucks bruising marks into the bared flesh of the omega’s throat, distracting Sherlock, while his hands spread his parted thighs, wider. Watson slots himself between them, giving Sherlock’s arse a loving caress before the omega feels his channel close around something foreign and real, but nothing like what it wants. Sherlock keens as Watson adds another digit, and his hands fly to stifle his desperate moans.
Sherlock’s mother’s face morphs into an expression of confusion. She doesn’t move an inch. “What’s happened? Whatever is the matter?”
“It needs to be done and it may be insane, but my uttermost concern is you at the moment. I can deal with Mary. A relationship will never survive with dishonesty.”
Despite being so far along in his heat, Sherlock, bless his soul, still has enough presence of mind to understand what Watson is asking him to do. “I want it
For the first time, since Lestrade shared the details of the plan, anxiety stirs in Sherlock’s gut. “And about how long do I have to keep up the charade?”
Watson smirks, grateful for the mood lightening up. “What do you think?” He responds, just to be an arse.
The boy looks up, giving Watson a better view of his eyes, darker than ebony they focus on him, like a night with no stars, like a sky without sun, they pin him, calculating. Watson has to catch his breath when he sees the lad’s nostrils flare as he scents him. It’s almost too much and Watson almost loses it once the boy pulls his plush bottom lip between his teeth and
“Sherlock, let me go!”  I do. I peer up at him.  He’s furious. Boiling. Steamed.  “I’m going to sleep upstairs tonight,” I say nothing.  He stares at me. I stay silent. Then he turns around and walks out of the room.
“I’d like to sleep with you again.  Is that all right?” My heart leaps at his blunt words.  I hadn’t even considered going back to our separate sleeping arrangements.  I’ve been fantasizing all evening about crawling into bed with him tonight—and every night hereafter, if he’ll allow it.
disagree.  Your brother has been there and he won’t say a word, other than warning us to stay away,”  I suppose he’s right. More than a bit annoying that he’s texting
“Let me get this straight,”  Ben sits across from me, brow furrowed, in the booth all six of us have managed to squeeze into.  We’ve found ourselves trapped, being questioned over breakfast in this packed diner that they've insisted on visiting.  “It took you
That—is the point.  A push.  A place like this will encourage them both to confront what Sherlock suspects (hopes) is a long-desired but ultimately unobtained intimacy, giving them no choice but to be proximally close, to exist inside the same small bubble for a few days in a way that simply isn’t possible anymore within the familiar walls of 221B.  Not when one of them has made a habit of fleeing up the stairs whenever the air around them becomes a bit too heavy with all things unspoken and the other can’t seem to say anything of value at all.
“Was hoping I’d run into you, actually.  Do you have plans for the fourth?” The fourth?  Ah, right. Independence Day. Stars and stripes and all of the rest of it.  Such rubbish.
“Yes those small, square boxes surely contain a set of umbrellas.  Brilliant as ever,” I smirk and unceremoniously tear the paper off of the first, nearly weightless box—lift the lid to find two British passports, one for each of us.  I raise my eyebrows, genuinely pleased. The process can take weeks—mine was lost ages ago (although I have several under various aliases), and John’s is expired. I had planned on calling in another favor with Mycroft anyway.  Of course he already knows that we’ve planned a trip abroad. He always knows.
per se—that would be ridiculous.  The notion that some higher being has sent this untimely deluge for the sole purpose of deterring one man’s tragic attempt at winning the affections of another is absolute nonsense.  The entire concept of a higher being is nonsensical in and of itself.  And anyway, he already has John’s affection.  He had simply wanted to poke at it; to pry (delicately) and twist (gently) until he could grasp exactly what it means.
Now that he thinks about it, Sherlock’s odd behaviour last night was surely the result of sleep deprivation and a post-case crash.  That—John hopes—explains that.  Any other theory that may have occurred to him would mean that things aren’t quite as
“Practicality, John.  I thought—well Rosie will be needing her own space soon.  You can’t share forever, and she’s nearly four.”
Ceasing his combing of damp curls, John moves the thumb of his left hand to the crease between Sherlock’s brows.  Another known pressure point.  He waits for Sherlock’s pained scowl to relax a bit under the pad of his thumb, then presses firmly, moving in slow, tiny circles.  His fingers move to do the same against the man’s other temple, both hands deftly working in unison to create what is likely an overwhelming distraction for the great brain beneath them, if nothing else.
Ignoring the emotion that has wrapped itself around each of my organs, squeezing them until they threaten to burst, I tighten my arms around John’s waist and drift slowly, silently, into sleep.
“When you—touch me.  When you look at me, John, I—don’t have to question it,”  He slides his hand up to rest over the thud of John’s heart.  “You never hesitate to give me every part of you.  It’s—“ He swallows, looking overwhelmed.  John reaches up instinctively to place a palm against his cheek, fingers brushing along his temple.  Sherlock turns, slightly, leaning into his heat.  “It’s something I couldn’t have guessed was possible.  As I’ve told you before, you gave me something to live for the moment we met.  And now—I feel it.  I can always feel it,”  John nods, slides closer and wraps himself around Sherlock’s chest.  He tucks his head beneath his chin, presses his lips to the skin of a sweat-slick throat.
“You know I didn’t mind, right?”  He asks quietly, eyes studying my face, recognizing our shared thoughts.  “I meant it when I said it was nice.” My heart leaps a bit. We’re going to talk about this, then?  What is there to say, really? It isn’t as if it were some monumental occurrence. Although, he likely thinks that for me, it was.  Likely thinks that I’m shaken by my own actions. I am, I suppose. A bit. But nothing has changed, really. It isn’t as if my sudden display of affection has opened up a door for us to be close like that more often, to share a bed—although the thought has a certain appeal.  It can’t happen. John hasn’t lived at 221B in seven years, and I’ve long since given up suggesting that he and Rosie move back. He’d moved out shortly after I jumped to my death, and when I’d returned two years later, Mary had already firmly sunk her talons into his heart. After her death, he sold the house in the suburbs and he and Rosie have lived in a modest flat a few miles from Baker Street ever since.
Sherlock doesn’t respond.  John curls up under his gran’s old quilt on his mum’s old couch in his sister’s tiny flat and shivers himself to sleep.
I’m fine with our family and friends knowing we’ve added a romantic element to our already rather intimate relationship—not that they’d allow us any secrecy if we tried, as was demonstrated tonight.  I expect Mummy will be beside herself.  And as for the public—I’ve no intention of hiding anything.  If you’d like to make some sort of announcement you’re welcome to do so, but I’m not sure it’s necessary, as they’d convinced themselves we were an item long ago.  You’ve been wondering about initiating contact.  As far as I’m concerned, you can assume that the answer is always
When we stop five minutes later, it’s outside of a small, solitary cottage.  It looks much like all of the other summer rental properties we passed along the way.  Well kept, painted white, yard full of flora—and sitting right in the midst of the redwood forest.  Immediately I see the appeal. Close enough to town to be practical, and secluded enough to be private.  My stomach drops suddenly at the thought of staying in a place like this with John. The chances of him being extremely uncomfortable living in such close quarters are high, considering the likelihood of there being only one bedroom.
“Yep,”  Her sprained ankle is feeling worse today, supposedly, but John is fairly certain she’s just being tetchy out of anxiety about what lies ahead.  She’s always been that way, and he’s quite used to it.  It’s probably what’s allowed him to tolerate Sherlock’s moods for so long.  He smiles at the thought.  He’s been doing a lot of that today.
She continues.  He can almost hear the gears turning through the phone line as she thinks it all through.  “It’s a big step,”  Her tone says everything that she isn’t saying outright.  He sighs, feeling the last of his resolve begin to crumble.  Molly always has had a way of getting straight to the heart of it all.  She’s asked him several times over the years why he and Sherlock don’t just
Now he sees the man who followed him here, to a place unknown, without question or concern.  He sees the only person who has ever made him feel so wholly accepted, trusted—so fully recognized and understood.  Sherlock softens, allowing a wave of tenderness to rise up through his chest, further clogging his useless larynx, causing a slight prickle behind his stupid eyes.
“I don’t know,”  John mutters, shrinking back into the chair, seemingly losing every bit of the momentum he’d come bursting in with just a moment ago.  “I guess there were three assassins—snipers—”  He glances at Greg.  Sighs.  “You think I’ve gone mad,”  Well, yes.
my family,” I hiss, leaning back in my chair and glaring at him.  “We all see it that way—have for ages—
we go back ages—met him in London through Jim.  He supplied me with certain—substances,” She pauses.  Glances at John, then back to meet my eye. “The very substances I used to incapacitate you, once upon a time.  You remember,” Vague memories of waking disoriented, in my own bed, flicker across my mind’s eye. Calling out for John.  She’d injected me with something—apparently the creation of a young Silas Moran—and made her escape. “He was only a student then—bright eyed and eager to impress.  He’d quickly caught Jim’s eye—in more ways than one. They were a precious little pair, for a while. I was unaware of the changes Jim had inspired in him. Though I shouldn’t have been surprised,”  She sighs, glances down at the floor. Crosses one ankle in front of the other. “I was playing for the wrong side,” At this, she looks up, meets my eye. Regret swims, unconcealed, in the bright grey pools of her irises.
I nod.  “You as well,” I sit beside John on a small red settee.  He smiles at me, looking nervous and fidgeting slightly. This is really quite uncomfortable.  I’ve no idea what I’m meant to say.
John knows that he would follow Sherlock anywhere.  He knows full well that he would walk with him to the ends of the bloody Earth.  Still, he’s managed to work himself into a bit of a tizzy while pondering the sort of home the man might deem appropriate to raise a child in.  He can’t help but recall everything about 221B that really wasn’t working anymore—all of the things he’d been ignoring, had always ignored, that Sherlock never did see as a problem.
We ask the cabbie to wait as we walk together up the path to collect Rosie.  Molly answers the door, beaming and waving us in. Rosie sits at the kitchen table, blonde waves wild and completely covered in glitter—surrounded by a rainbow of pom poms and pipe cleaners.
I can feel the built up frustration pouring out of him with every brutal thrust.  He doesn’t touch me and I don’t touch myself. This isn’t about me. Not this time.
“Good,”  She looks like she means it.  Seems relieved, even.  “That’s—glad to hear it, John.  You look all right, you know,”  She grins now, pouring him a pint and then setting a glass of water down beside it.  “I think I’ve accepted the beard,”  She eyes his face, nods to herself.  “Suits you,”  Then she disappears down the bar and into the back room.
He says the word in a way that implies it leaves a sour taste on his tongue.  John grins.  Sherlock seems deeply frustrated by this, but it isn’t news to John.  They'd spent the last three days on a(n extremely disappointing and underwhelming) case and it was clear that none of Greg’s team had a clue they’d become romantically involved.  While admittedly the smug, proud part of him who still can’t believe he’s in an honest-to-god relationship with Sherlock Holmes desperately
Body aching, vibrating with the need to get closer, John finds himself drawn instantly back into Sherlock’s orbit, arms circling his waist as they each melt into this moment—gradually letting one another in as the kiss grows wild, unfettered, Sherlock gasping as he backs toward the bed, dropping down onto charcoal linens and pulling John along with him.  After a moment’s hesitation, John crawls up to straddle lithe, muscular thighs—settling into Sherlock’s lap, twisting fingers into familiar curls and letting himself get lost once more.
“Unnecessary.  I believe her little outburst tonight was meant to be a thank you, of sorts,”  Sherlock glances sideways, eyes searching.  "Or perhaps retaliation."
I wake to the sensation of fingernails scratching lightly over my back—up and down.  Lips against my forehead, John’s breath on my skin.  “Hey,” He whispers. I haven’t opened my eyes, but I stretch a bit, settle back in beneath the weight of his arm.  “We have to go meet Molly and Greg soon,” Rosie has been staying with them again. She’d spent the night since we’d been out quite late, and Molly had suggested we meet them for brunch this morning to retrieve her and catch up.  I groan. “Shower?” He asks. At this, my eyes flutter open. He’s staring back at me, a slight grin on his face. We haven’t showered together, but that is clearly what he’s suggesting. Haven’t even seen each other’s bodies in their entirety, yet.  John flings off the duvet, rolls out of bed and heads to the loo. I follow. Obviously.
"Consulting detective," he grumbled, but sat up with reluctance and began to talk. "Your shoes have been shined, your hair more put together than usual, the suit is a tint above black - indicative of strength and an air of power, but not so dark that it makes you appear imposing. It's a subtle strategy, typically employed against higher ups in status if not actual power. It's a deference of appearances, yet not wills. You probably
Sherlock seemed to notice the same lack of personal space when they reached the bleachers, frowning rather dramatically.
She's rubbish at feelings. Always has been. She has a nasty way of investing her heart into things and people that betray her, that are unreachable, that let her down - sometimes all three. The brunette, for all her kindness, has learned to lock up her emotions and tuck them in a drawer, right next to romantic notions. When Rosamund was born, she knew she wanted to be someone the girl could count on, and Molly didn't want a string of heartbreak to get in the way of that. She couldn't take care of people while crushed and in pieces again.
Oh. Okay. "Coming," John replied just as softly and dared to stroke Sherlock's curls once more before standing up again and leaving the room. He didn't look back, he wouldn't have been able to bear it.
“Oh. Sherl.” John began chuckling softly as he pulled his friend into a hug. “This is my hormones making me overreact. And I found it sad that you felt like you needed to ask. It reminded me of how we are not a couple. And you’ve been so distant.” he explained, knowing his love sometimes needed the extra explanation.
During the next few weeks, John went on runs and lifted weights whenever he had time. He left in the evenings so Sherlock wouldn't be bothered. Sherlock thought he went on dates. Somehow the workouts didn't seem to work. His belly seemed to grow bigger instead of smaller and he had a seizable bump soon enough. He went 2 sizes up in his clothes and exclusively wore jumpers now to hide it. What if it was a tumour? What if it was cancer? He was too young, he couldn't leave Sherlock yet. Without John at his back, the detective would be dead within a month. At night, John cried himself to sleep. Then he ate smaller portions. Skipped meals. Anything to get rid of the strange, unexplainable bump.
When Sherlock saw the tears in John’s eyes, he yanked his hands back as if he had burnt himself. Alarms blared in his mind palace; he had done something wrong. Immediately, hypotheses of what he might have done and doubts swamped him. But then John took his hand and suddenly everything was still. He could only hear his heart and John’s voice. His secret love sounded so sad. For the first time ever, Sherlock could identify that emotion without thinking or doubting his conclusion and it was important to him. “Why are you sad?” he asked with a worried frown.
"Fine. I think," Sherlock responded with a little smile. He was still looking at the edge of the blanket which he was fumbling with but John could see his little lopsided smile. "So, you said that last night was real? And that you mean it?" he asked determinedly because honestly, at this point it was no wonder if John would leave.
Sherlock, of course, had woken up already and was shivering from fear. He didn't believe that John had eaten something wrong. He believed that this was the consequence of John's claim 'I am clean, so are you, no need for rubber.'. Technically, Sherlock knew John didn't remember but he wished the memory of that night would come back to John one day. For now, he could only try to go back to sleep because he would never dare to tell John about his suspicion.
John could feel anger welling up inside of him, he hated being screamed at but once his brain processed what had been screamed at him, he deflated and the anger was gone. "He...loves me?" he asked completely shocked and surprised. He had not expected that.
you are while he is standing right NEXT TO YOU. Fuck you, John Watson. You hurt my baby boy and I will never forgive you. So pack your bags and go. I never want to see you here again." Mrs Holmes screamed at John, always stepping closer. John backed away until his back was flush against a wall. Mrs Holmes kept coming closer, screaming right into his face.
"I don't want her to touch you. I am the one who did all the research and knows everything about massages and baby bellies. Not her." Sherlock growled possessively.
About a month later, Sherlock was shopping. He did that quite often these days. He never did the whole shopping or let John know. He only picked up a few things and snuck them into their cupboards. It's not like he bought things he would eat. He bought sour pickles, vanilla ice cream, microwavable chips, Lucky charms and Dr Pepper. John had never liked any of that but now he subconsciously stuffed himself with those foods without a break. People looked at him weirdly, made him feel uncomfortable, thought he was weird. No, Sherlock was doing this for John. John needed this food. And he was too shy to buy it himself. But whenever it was in the house, he would eat it.
- they asked if they have ever thought about children- Rosie is in play care right now, actually- and went on to explain how important gardens were for children-
was not aware you’re not gay, John?". The old nickname threw Sherlock back into his childhood and teenage years where everyone had called him 'Sherly the girly'. Old classmates’ faces laughing showed up in Sherlock's mind, them screaming at him, throwing all sorts of objects at him, pushing him, tying him up so he would miss the bus. "No, he has always known I am not gay," John responded with a puzzled look.
Boyfriend. Oh. So that’s what they were. Sherlock’s mind accepted it as a fact for now and he cuddled John close, humming “John, your hormones are taking over again, huh? You’re the best mother our child could have. Sit down for me?” as he guided his darling to sit on a chair right next to Sherlock. Then he quickly continued cooking and once the  gratin was in the oven, he was finally able to cuddle his love properly. Slowly, Sherlock let one of his large thin hands cup John’s cheek before he pressed a soft kiss to his boyfriend’s lips and asked “What do you think about some wellness tonight?”. He got a nod and a little grinding of John’s groin against his as a response. Plan confirmed.
John noticed and gestured toward the door of the next one, asking “Mind if we go in?”. He had already ordered all the furniture for the baby’s room together with Sherlock but they needed some clothing and John thought it wouldn’t hurt to look. His love seemed very interested, after all.
After a few more nights spent cuddling and with nice dreams, the day of the first training session had come. John had gotten some workout clothes to fit his, by now, positively huge belly and he excitedly took Sherlock’s hand as they went in. The training was quite exhausting and required a lot of intimacy, especially when the women and John had to squat while their partners stabilized them and were allowed to give a massage or two.
“We can go as slow as you like. Look at me?” he asked gently and cupped Sherlock’s cheeks to tilt his head up again. He was not going to kiss Sherlock since he knew that would not be welcomed right now. But he had an important question and honestly needed to look into the soothing eyes to ask it. Once his eyes had found Sherlock’s, he felt strong enough to finally ask: "Sherlock Holmes, do you have feelings for me and want to be my boyfriend?"
Impulsively, John gently turned Sherlock around and hugged him tightly, whining “You are the best boyfriend and papa ever!”
John and the boys finished talking. At some point, Sherlock noticed vaguely John was talking to a neighbour of Sherlock's parents now. A comment about how Sherlock's parents must be so happy their youngest son was in a relationship with such a wonderful man followed from another cheerful relative.
"Well, it's just that you are not really stepping in to do that. You can take care of me, of course. And I think you'd be good at it. But you haven't shown any interest in that so far." John nodded as he patted the space next to him. Sherlock sat down with a huff and looked at his lap.
Once his things were all stored in the car and he had gotten in, he wasn't surprised that no one was there to say goodbye. But maybe Sherlock would remember this night and he would be allowed to come back. He clung to that thought and let the driver drop him off at a cheap hotel close to the Holmes estate. John wasn't able to sleep that night.
Another week later, John was screaming at his love. “It is your turn to be there for Rosie! I can’t stay home again or they’ll fire me! How is your case more important than your daughter!” he shouted with a red face and tears in his eyes. He needed his job to feed them all. “It’s an 8, John! An 8! I’ll be quick and Sarah will forgive you since she has just gotten herself a new boy-toy!” Sherlock shouted back excitedly before the door fell shut. Great. Another thing to worry about. Losing his job over his sick daughter. Great. John did the only logical thing. He sighed, punched a pillow, moved Sherlock’s bedding to the sofa with a not-so-nice handwritten note and began cooking fresh chicken soup. His poor little baby girl had the flu after all. If he was to lose his job, his Rosie might as well get the best care in the world out of it. She slept through most of the day and only really woke up from hunger around lunchtime. Carefully, John gave her some meds and fed her the soup while Rosie watched cartoons (nestled in her adorable pink llama blanket). “Daddy?” she asked with a croaky little voice and innocent doe eyes. John could guess what was to come. “Yes, hun?” he asked back as he checked her temperature. “Playground? Please? Fresh air is good, right?” Rosie asked with a little pouty mouth as she looked at her father like a hungry puppy. Her father couldn’t help but smile and nod. He bundled her up in warm clothes, including a scarf and a hat and made her promise to take one of those disgusting herbal baths later. At least she got to go to the playground.
Daddy sounded angry but not angry angry. He sounded like he was tired but also somehow angry. This was a tone Rosie had never heard before but she knew better than to argue. Slowly, he took her daddy’s wet hand and walked with him to the nearest bench. Maybe he wanted to sit?
John stumbled right past the bench, not even noticing Rosie had guided him there. He needed to get home. To safety. It was all a blur. He found himself sitting in their flat, his back leaned against the flat door from the inside, Rosie bundled up in his arms. as he moved, the little blonde curls moved and blue eyes were looking at him. “Better, daddy?” Rosie asked innocently. Slowly, he nodded. His head felt so heavy and somehow he was wet all over. “Should I get ready for the ewww bath?” Rosie piped up again and John nodded again. A minute or so later, he heard
John pressed a small kiss to the middle of Sherlock’s cheek as he cuddled himself close, curling in a little. Sherlock followed the movement so they both ended up curled around John’s baby belly. Sherlock wrapped his darling up in soft blankets and began stroking his short hair, mumbling “I missed you. This.”. A soft sound escaped Sherlock that almost sounded like a purr when John ran a hand through his wild curls and promised “Never have to be without this again. I am still searching for a bedshare, interested?”. “Of course. I’ll take the offer.” Sherlock grinned when he noticed how tired his love looked already.
“That’s great.” John nodded with a small, forced smile. He was still shaken and hadn’t closed a single eye but luckily Rosie had gotten some sleep.Just as he opened his mouth again to ask Sherlock about dinner, his boyfriend jumped up again, dancing around the room, announcing “I cannot wait for the next case, John! It’ll be so much better with you and if you lose your job, we can always solve cases together!”. John’s brows furrowed as he slowly sat up, curling Rosie up in the blanket. He opened his mouth again just as Sherlock continued rambling something. John wasn’t listening this time. Instead, he just stared at Sherlock angrily. When the other man didn’t react (despite his great deductive skills), John simply said “We need to talk. You need to let me talk.” as he got up and moved to the living room. Sherlock followed him like an obedient puppy, now finally quiet for once.
you to forgive me right away. But I want to make it up to you.” he explained and suddenly he was the one looking down at the blanket and being embarrassed and slightly sad. If was only fair, he supposed.
She agreed to the meeting and even promised to prepare them a nice picnic so they could eat together more peacefully and in private.
“How are you? I picked some things out.” Sherlock whispered proudly into John’s ear; his heart melted. He encouraged Sherlock to show him what he had picked out and began crying halfway through. Sherlock had picked out the cutest baby clothes John had ever seen. There was:
His mother bowed her head, clearly embarrassed. "Well, mummy uhm...told him her opinion. Then he went to pack because she threw him out. I found him in your room, sitting by your bed. I suppose he was saying goodbye." Mycroft gave a short summary and under the table, Mr Holmes reached for the hand of his wife.
John was looking at Sherlock with a confused and wondering expression. "What was that?" he asked slightly angrily.
Well, that made John tense up a little bit again. He reopened his eyes to look at his love and sat up (with a lot of help from Sherlock). “Sherlock. Love. Only if you really want to. Don’t do this for me, I want you to want it just as much.” he determined.
"Sherlock. I am sorry. I think I might love you. Please don't be sad anymore. I haven't quite figured it out but...I
Most onesies were too big but honestly, John had never seen anything this cute. As soon as his love spotted his tears, he found himself wrapped in a worried and loving warm embrace. “Sherl. These are wonderful. My tears are happy tears.” he soothed his darling. He could feel all the other women watching them jealously and he was so glad he had such a great (boy???-) friend. They left the shop with a big bag of beautiful baby clothes.
Soon, the baby furniture arrived and Sherlock was swearing and huffing about how dumb the instructions were and how nothing fit and was right and whatnot. John sat on a comfy pillow in the middle of his old bedroom, watching Sherlock put everything together. Of course, the detective did it in the end and John was amused by his love, cooing to his baby belly how Papa was very upset because everyone was so dumb. But the baby would not be dumb. Other people might have worried about Sherlock becoming a father when just putting together some furniture already provoked such outrage but John knew his love would be amazing with their child. If only he finally knew what kind of relationship they were in. Were they friends with a happy little accident? Or boyfriends? Lovers? Possibly more? He preferred boyfriends.
No. No, he was not okay. The neighbour's daughter rejoined them, snuggling up against John and asking with false innocence "Maybe
One uncle came over, the one that always got drunk far too fast, and supported himself on Sherlock's shoulder, shouting how John was a fine man and how he wouldn't mind finding such a man in his bed some day.
Slowly, John slid his hand over to entwine his hand with Sherlock's. "Hey. Want to give me a back massage? I do have horrible back pain today. Come on!" he encouraged and shifted so Sherlock only had to turn around a little bit.
Sherlock gave a little nod and his smile got a little bigger. "Yes, I'd like to try," he said, still in the direction of the blanket.
"Sherlock? Are you okay? You’re looking a little sick," John asked with an innocent and slightly worried expression.
Once they had reached the park, John could barely hold her back. He still made her promise not to run around and to play very calmly. He watched his little girl climb up and slide down the playhouse multiple times until she waved to him and pointed towards the swing, always making sure her daddy knew where she was. John nodded and gave her thumbs up when his phone buzzed.
Afterwards, when John sat normally for the question round before they could leave, Sherlock noticed a sizable bulge in his love’s intimate area. Apparently John was at least half-hard. Of course! Sherlock had entirely forgotten to take care of John’s sexual needs while taking care of everything else. How stupid he had been. He would take care of that issue tonight, he decided as he added that to his mental to-do list.
Right. Okay. He could work with that. John gave a nod and gestured to the stairs but the words got stuck in his throat so he just nodded another time and made his way towards and then up the stairs. He found Sherlock's door without a problem, thanks to the golden plate that clearly had his name on it. It would be polite to knock but what if Sherlock was sleeping? In that case, John didn't want to wake him. He stood in front of the closed door for another minute before entering without knocking. The room was pretty dark, there was barely enough light to see the long figure in the bed.
The bright smile in his face wasn't enough to express his happiness though and he jumped at John, knocking him over. John ended up on his back, in the garden, on a beautiful summer day and with his secret crush- now officially boyfriend- in his arms.
Sherlock buried his face deeper in his mother's jacket again, tears coming up again. "I only want Jo-o-o-o-hn." he sobbed and his entire body began shaking from the crying again.
have feelings for you." John whispered gently, stroking Sherlock's curls. He knew the man wouldn't remember much of this the next day. With half-open eyes, Sherlock mumbled in the saddest voice John had ever heard "But you're not gay.". It broke him a little bit to hear Sherlock's voice like this, "I am not gay. I am bi, Sherlock. Bi." John mumbled back with the tiniest of sad smiles.
absolute idiot have been hurting him all day. Everyone sees how he is in love with you and just wants some love, even if he can only be your friend. And
“Bye Daddy! love you!” Rosie grinned as she waved her tiny little hand in John’s direction. John waved back with a smile and a slight nervousness tingling in his chest. He knew the mother of Rosie’s friend very well. She was very nice and Rosie had already been to a few playdates with this family. She always seemed perfectly fine and happy, albeit tired, when he picked her up. There was no reason to worry. Still, he stood for a moment longer after the door had closed, hoping Rosie would come and ask to go home while also hoping the door would stay closed and his little girl would have a great time. Eventually, he turned around and began walking back in the direction of Baker Street.
Shake it off. Stop it. For Rosie. he told himself once more and slowly, he finally managed to set one foot in front of the other, always afraid to fall. With each step, he got closer to the swing but he was too busy focusing on moving his body to notice Rosie had already stopped herself with her feet and was looking at him.
Heat welled up inside of him and he had to open his jacket to cool off. This bastard. Logically, John knew Sherlock loved Rosie to bits and pieces but how could he be this insensible? With all the frustration occupying his mind, he didn’t even notice how the heat of the anger concealed the cold sweat that was running down his back. Even after going through a breathing technique from his therapist, he somehow could not relax truly. And then Rosie shouted for him with glee. She waved to him from the swing. Behind her was a man pushing the swing. Muscular. Blonde. Dangerous.
It was silent except for a few birds chirping and the shaking leaves above them for some time that seemed to stretch too long.
And then, one day, Sherlock asked John if they wanted to go shopping instead of going to the park. John eagerly agreed and soon, he was strolling hand-in-hand with Sherlock who was actually walking at John’s pace for once. They passed multiple baby supply shops and Sherlock slowed down and glanced longingly through the windows each time, seemingly searching for something.
*[not est.] John and Sherlock have both been invited to Mrs Holmes' 65 th birthday. Everyone assumes they are a couple although they came as friends and were both invited.)
John was positively howling with pleasure when Sherlock finally found the best angle to hit his prostate with every single thrust. “I’m close.” he whispered to John who nodded eagerly to confirm that he was, too. John came after another 3 thrusts and his clenching and contracting muscles pulled Sherlock over the edge with him. Once he had slipped out and cleaned them up a little, Sherlock sighed happily and determined “Your muscles are strong enough, no need for boring sports anymore.” as he pulled John close into his arms.
Another month later, John stood in front of his mirror. When he had sat down in his office today, a button of his dress-shirt had popped off. Now that he had time, he looked at his curves. His hips had become a little wider. His belly was no longer just a little flat mount of a tad fat. The skin was pulled taut and it looked much rounder. He hadn't drunk beer in a while because the smell made him sick. Where was this coming from? Weird. He decided to work out more. And he bought a few new dress-shirts for work.
Suddenly, two tiny arms wrapped around his upper thighs and a tiny figure was pressed against him. “I’ve got you, daddy! I can help you sit down.” a light voice rang in his ears. John forced himself to look up but he could not see anyone. The man was gone. With a shiver, he hugged his daughter tightly and mumbled “Let’s go home.”.
"I'm so sorry for inviting him, bee. I thought it would be good to have someone you like here. I'm sorry." she apologized before pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock's head.
A heavy sigh escaped John as he sat down in his armchair. “Listen, I had a really terrible day.” he started but somehow a lump in his throat stopped him from elaborating. “I know, I know. I shouldn’t have left you and Rose alone. But it was an 8, John! You can’t say you wouldn’t have done the same if a patient needed you.” Sherlock replied as he waved his hand dismissively. Somehow this made John utterly sad. He felt like he was being pulled downwards, underwater, deeper and deeper, where it was so hard to breathe. And then something ignited inside of him. The heavy cold made way to heat and he felt ready to burst. “SHERLOCK! WHY CAN’T YOU SEE? You barely seem to notice my emotions anymore. I had a really terrible day because someone from the past showed up. I have been feeling on the edge for weeks. WHY DO YOU NOT SEE IT? DO YOU NOT WANT TO SEE?” he heard himself shouting but it sounded distant. Not like he himself was shouting but as if he was listening to himself from a few rooms over. His eyes met Sherlock’s and he witnessed his love deflate, the self-consciousness and joy falling off of his shoulders, tears welling up in his darkening eyes. “This is the one time to break the no-deduction rule. You break it often enough, why not this time when it would have mattered? Does it matter?” John mumbled more to himself than to Sherlock. Of course, his partner still heard it and slumped down on the sofa that he was standing in front of. “John,” he whispered. Shocked about his voice giving up on him, he cleared his throat and tried again. “John. I am sorry. Truly sorry. But I couldn’t see it.” he disclosed sadly. “Why? You were always able to read anyone, Sherlock. You read me like a children's book before, why not now?”.
A few days later John had already forgotten all about that weird feeling. He had finally managed to convince Sherlock to come along to Rosie’s swimming class since he was tired of being the only guy there. Sherlock had promised not to make any deductions while the other parents were there. Surprisingly, he kept his promise. As soon as the class was done, Rosie asked if they could stay longer and if Papa would come on the big slide with her. “Well, but what if Papa is afraid?” Sherlock asked in one of his silly voices. His blonde daughter let out a little giggle as she promised “I’ll protect you from the slide monster, Papa. It’s fun. Pleaseeee????”. John didn’t need to look up to his love to know Sherlock was already smiling lopsidedly and had made up his mind. He promised to wait at the end of the slide with a camera to snap a picture of his boyfriend and daughter coming out. Oh, how many times he had gone down that slide with his little girl. A few pairs of swimming trunks had met an early demise due to the girl’s enthusiasm for slides. As he waited, John leaned against the wall, keeping an eye out for shadows in the slide so he could be ready to take the shot.
"He won't be leaving." Mr Holmes answered, his wife sitting by his side with his arm around her shoulders.
Slowly, John lifted the blanket to expose his belly. It was round, only half covered by John's shirt and looked very much unnatural. "I-I th ...I think it's a tumour," he whispered as another tear left his eye.
"John? Hey. Uhm, I made you some food. I'm coming in." Sherlock announced when he had once more gotten John his favourite food. When he entered the room, there were clothes thrown everywhere. It looked like the closet exploded. John was laying in bed, in between his clothes which seemed to kind of form a nest around him, with his back turned to the door. Carefully, Sherlock made his way through all of the clothes and set the tray down on John's bedside table. He couldn't see his friend's face since it was hidden underneath the blanket. "John. I am sorry about what I said to you. About you not being the person I wanted to be friends with anymore. I'm sorry. Please eat." he asked but didn't get an answer. He could see the blanket shaking a tiny bit and then there was a tiny sniffing noise. When he tugged the blanket back and out of John’s grip forcefully, he spotted his best friend's face, red, blotchy and covered in wet streaks. "Oh, John." Sherlock sighed and wiped the man's face off with his own sleeve. "I’m sorry for what I said. I was angry. We were both angry. Please talk to me. I know that was a lot not good. John. You told me forgiving is important too. Talk to me." he begged worriedly.
Sherlock had to admit, the whole building-of-furniture that was apparently made by utter idiots was completely worth it. He got a small kiss and a hug from John afterwards and couldn’t stop blushing. “Do you want to do a pregnancy health class where you strengthen your muscles for natural birth?” he asked as he helped his best friend to stand up again. John found it an adorable and nice idea and soon, Sherlock had signed them up for a class for the next week.
Sherlock nodded. It had been real. John's visit had been real. "Thanks," he said shyly and gave his mummy a kiss on the cheek. He really was grateful for his protective mother. Under the table, he sent John a text.
"Because he doesn't feel so..." Mycroft started but was interrupted by his mother who jumped up and stood right in front of John.
Lunchtime rolled around and there was a beautiful green-red picnic blanket laid out half under the shade of a big oak for Sherlock and John. His mother gave him a basket with lunch too and promised she would let John in, he should go and sit-down. Sherlock, now in cargo summer shorts and a dark blue polo shirt, something he only really wore on vacation, sat down obediently and waited. Once John arrived on the door, Mrs Holmes pulled him to the side and threatened him not to hurt her son ever again or he would face consequences.
That night, John slept downstairs since his mattress was too soft and Sherlock had a firmer one. Well, and because he quite enjoyed how Sherlock spooned him and warmed his belly with his large hand. It was a night filled with deep sleep and good dreams for both of them.
One day when he came home from solving another case without John, he entered the room to find John getting a lower back massage from Mrs Hudson who was chatting with him.  "Mrs Hudson, out," he ordered and the lady scrambled to comply.
"Why would you need to leave me?" Sherlock croaked out quietly, with his vision becoming blurry from tears as well. It felt like he was far away from John, strangely separated like there was a wall between them, despite being right here, close enough to touch him. The wall seemed not to let anything through and Sherlock was about to repeat his question when John moved.
Just then, remembering her house keys in her pocket, the blonde pulled out the jagged strips of metal and jabbed them harshly into the historian's side. He groaned, quickly whipping his head around. This gave the runner the distraction she needed to close her hands around something on the floor - a stapler, as the case was. She unhooked the top from the bottom and fired the office supply directly into his forehead. As he howled, she fiercely kicked his kneecap and rolled out from underneath him. Rosamund snatched away the gun -
She's been trying to secretively shove her parents together for nearly two years via rugby - hell, the whole
After exactly twenty six months of dating (and good dating, too, even if her date was often called out to work and she ended up accompanying him back to many a grisly crime scene), she had been proposed to. At first, she had scarcely believed it was real, but several a pinch to the arm confirmed the proposal to be reality.
seriously just knock him out cold? That was pretty damn brilliant, Rosie. Like, the most badass thing I've ever seen anybody do."
messed with Mycroft unless they aspired to be dead in an hour) was hysterical and frankly unreal, and Reyna erupted into another peel of lunacy.
"I love your Dad. I feel strongly for him. Just because I'm not one hundred percent in love with him, not that way yet, doesn't mean I don't care about him like I care about you. Like he's my family and my home." She blinked, smiled, and hid her thoughts behind border pieces and painted green grass.
"Forgive me, Watson, but I actually have no idea why I'm in St Bartholomew. Could you please refresh my memory before scolding me for being unconscious?" With an incredulous, terrified look, John sat on the foot of his bed.
Molly wonders, sometimes, why exactly she could never seem to shake her stubborn crush on Sherlock Holmes.
So, their daughter is following them, as she has in all other areas of life. It is less surprising than he would care to admit, given the nature of her future career choice. She and Reyna, since their first traipse into 'The Foul Fouls', as John has nicknamed it, had been surprisingly effective in their personal investigations. And, what with uni right around the metaphorical corner and the prospect of professional partnership on the table, he has no doubt that the two will begin hunting for suitable flats. You cannot live with your parents forever, even at 221B.
She's to be a prodigy, his daughter. Rosie simply must learn at a young age to expand her mind before she becomes ordinary, or worse - bored.
"And what business is that, Rosie?" The eleven year old had smiled fondly at her aunt as if running the idea over and over again in her head, trying to figure out which fantasy seemed best.
It had been multiple decades, exactly twenty six months of dating, and another five for wedding planning, but in her time knowing Greg, she was finally married.
"Why did you say you hate school? I know for a fact that you've been excited about the prospect," he began, folding his slender hands over his knees and straightening his back. To any outsider, it would look like Sherlock Holmes was prepping himself for a case.
"Nice weather outside, brother dear," sniffed the eldest son anyhow, not the least bit put out by the common disdain Sherlock displayed. "Perfect for a stroll, and 221B isn't so very far."
would have kept everything from going sour or you from bottling yourself up, not silence." It was as if a lightbulb had gone off.
John's lips quirk up, slightly, when Sherlock is referred to as Watson-Holmes. It's a minuscule change, wrought from a mixture of amusement, pleasure, and fondness, but one that makes him seem all the brighter, all the
"Honey, please calm down," the sweet brunette pleaded, attempting to right the situation through her exhaustion. Sadly, Rosie only bawled louder, feeding off the attention, it seemed, and Mrs. Hudson strutted over to the pair with a sympathetic look. "Are you hungry? Your diaper isn't full."
She clearly referred to the others as 'her classmates'. There was a sense of belonging there already, an establishment of a unit. The inflection was fond, as was the experience itself, then. As she had already explained, Rosie didn't have a problem with her new peers - on the contrary, she liked them. There was more exasperation in her tone and stance than sadness or pain, anyhow. The struggle must be internalized or stem from another spring.
"Because she wants to observe us in our natural element, so to speak. Don't most people do research on their future careers before applying?"
Actually, she started to squirm when it continued a few seconds past socially acceptable. Rather uncomfortable to view. However, they looked
"You're far too much like your dad, hasn't anybody told you?" Rosamund allowed a smug expression to flit over her features momentarily.
"Sarcasm doesn't suit you, John." In minutes, the detective was lightly snoring on the bench, and the doctor's arm was around his waist so he wouldn't fall over. It remained there for the rest of the game.
"You shouldn't be here," he said simply, though his pupils were widened and his grip on his weapon tightened. Clearly, he was shocked that anybody had figured out his secret, let alone tried to confirm the theory. "I could have you arrested for breaking and entering."
"I don't blame you for withholding the information. The strong and silent type, I see. An admirable quality in a man." She finished her session with the dead man by scribbling a few notes down onto a clipboard and initialing the sheet. "Well, another lovely chat, sir, but I have other things to do now. Maybe you'll find another employee to chat up rugby with." The body was carted away, and then the reminder of Rosie's match, specifically how freezing it would be once more, slipped back into Molly's mind. She shuddered.
And now, he had not only John Watson to come home to, but one Rosamund as well. A little girl he had been assisting in the care of since her mother died - John's
." She grimaced, preparing to defend herself, when Sherlock snorted. John turned his anger onto his partner instead. "Well? Is there something
I guess I should have called this a four part story - I always intended to add an epilogue to tie everything up nicely and give you all a glimpse of the future, and it's going to be the length of another installment, broken into two parts because it's insanely long. I think I already mentioned that before, but here it is again. I hope what I've gotten through so far was satisfactory, though.
"I mean . . ." He trailed off, not knowing what to say. "I mean, it doesn't have to be. Not if you don't want it to be."
"You can say something, now, you git," John reminded, nudging the detective slightly. "Bloody hell, it wasn't
Unfortunately, Henderson kept his fingers securely around his weapon, and while behind the desk, Reyna was hardly in a position to defend herself. She threw a heavy book sitting on the oaken surface at him, and he groaned yet again, but still jumped on the top and cornered her between his wall and a swivel chair. She lifted Rosie's pocket knife towards her aggressor, hoping to get in a lucky stab, but in seconds he was grabbing her wrist, hoping to secure the sharp blade.
, for god's sake. He had been molded into a good man the way Sherlock had been molded into an observer: since before he was born. The doctor was simply destined to be great.
Sherlock Holmes was a man of logic and deduction. He was calculated, composed, articulate. The nonsensical and emotional - chemical defects, really, often found in the loosing side - were cast away, stripped at a young age by cold sciences and observational habits.
"I sincerely hope you aren't referring to yourself when you mention polite society," the detective called, crossing his arms. Mycroft cheerfully paid him no heed.
"And so did he." She looked her father up and down. His sweater was slightly untucked, as though someone had pulled at the middle of the fabric, and his irises clouded. It was almost too easy to draw the obvious conclusion. "Being the instigator, I'd imagine he had to."
"I'm not going to say any of that because everyone already knows those things. And honestly, John, if I didn't see anything in you we wouldn't have been friends in the first place, let alone been here today." Alright, that was better. "In sickness and in health, death do we part - we've lived that already. There's no point in restating it, though we will in just a moment. I
in his gut that travels all throughout his synapses and into his toes. A warmth that only comes from John Watson, from being content.
The next few hours flew by, and before she knew it, she was heading to the cold stands, shivering madly. Silently, she contemplated the poor life decisions she had made up until this point - namely not bringing a bloody coat - before looking around for the Baker Street boys (and really, 'The Baker Street Boys' would be an excellent band name, looking back). She spotted them, unsurprisingly, across the field, having just arrived only minutes before the game would start.
"Yes, well, small blessings," he laughed, and it was at that point that Molly remembered the good officer needed an answer.
Next week I'll be uploading the next chapter here and concluding the main part, by which point the two-part epilogue will kick in. I swear I will get that last bit done eventually.
"Yes!" In a fit of dramaticism, Rosie crossed her arms once more and let out an enormous huff. "Boring, boring, boring."
"So, let's all get brunch over with, shall we?" stated Sherlock, absolutely unphased, as he drew back. "I imagine most of you are hungry, as is John, who might be in need of a drink. He looks a little pale." He began to stride off, John quickly following out of instinct, and the other guests got up.
"I think I'd like that, yes," Greg states back, and now, for sure, she could make out streaks of red on his face. She wondered what it was about courting that made men so fidgety. Mind you, she probably wasn't much better, but still. "I'm asking you out on a date. This seemed like a much better idea in my head, I'll admit. I haven't done this in a while."
"Misinterpret his name. He's one of our few friends and has been for several years. It's almost funny."
Ah, he knows that sting. A nasty scrape from a gunshot, probably acquired during on of their many cases. The fact that he doesn't remember something as damning as a bullet to the side is also indicative of a minor head trauma, which fits considering his distortion and the dull throbbing at the back of his skull.
"No new cases, unfortunately, but perhaps that means Grant has finally gotten his team together." John's eyebrow raised, amused.
Uncle Mycroft isn't around too often, but Rosie loves it when he is. He's no good with people - he's
She sat down at the far end of the bleachers, just like any other time, watching the rugby girls' lucrative business with a chuckle. In another life, they might have been wonderful con artists.
"Or jump off a building? I'm fairly certain you'd manage to survive." The blonde settled into his chair, looking absolutely
There hadn't ever been much leeway in her job - it was one of the few drawbacks to the position. She examined dead bodies for a living, so it wasn't as if the profession was in high demand or anything, but where would you move up? Much of the work was individual, and you were held accountable for your own lab findings. Improvement in status just wasn't common or easy to achieve, regardless of your devotion to the craft.
The sheets are starchy, most likely new, and the tacky blue paint on the walls seems fresh. Given the distinct absence of any particular lingering scents, this room hasn't been in use for very long, or at the very least, it's rarely used. However, he's willing to bet money on the prior notion. It's clearly a hospital, and given the sheer number of cases and accidents London goes through, keeping a single cell out of commission would make no practical sense.
"I believe you misunderstand, John. I would prefer a conversation with my brother alone." He braced his umbrella on the floor, hands resting firmly atop it, and the younger Holmes realized that this might be the first time in years that he had seen Mycroft without John at his side.
This was simply how it was. It was a pretty nice, orderly existence, and she adored the people around her.
Molly tried to stifle her encroaching laughter. As she's learned in her many years as companion to the residents of 221B Baker Street, you cannot allow yourself to treat everything its occupants say or do without some sort of levity - otherwise you will be weathered by severity and become depressed, or insensitive to horrors altogether, which might possibly be worse. It's an occupational hazard of disregarding the warnings and becoming friends to a high functioning sociopath and his familial entourage.
, for god's sake, was bad enough. Greg Lestrade would be far worse. He could never hide behind stoic attitudes and severity - he would tell her outright that he thought she was lovely, but not in
"You really think you don't deserve this, don't you?" he mused, looking his partner directly in the eyes. "God, Sherlock, you said I had them, but did you ever think that maybe I need you too? That maybe I can't do this without you anymore, and neither can they?"
For once, her mind lingered not on the spirals containing her coursework or her thick, fascinating pages, but on the dilemma that phrase created.
"I want to check in, see how you and the Watsons are holding up. As you already stated, John seems to be doing fine."
"You're going to be my pillow. I'm sorry, Watson, but I can't exactly lean on a random stranger and use their shoulder as a headrest. You'll have to do."
(Warmer. It makes no sense, that phrase. Body temperature changes and reactions are regulated by hormones and chemical impulses, not
"Well, drat. You got me there." John gets up to get more noodles, and for once, Sherlock is the one chasing after him. Frankly, she's never seen two people so glad to be bickering, so glad to simply
Though she wasn't an amazing scientist, her dark haired best friend was great at math and the arts, and she could certainly keep up in a chase - she had been on the track team for the last three years. Reyna, who had taken advanced english and conducted many in-depth studies on Shakespeare as a part of her curriculum, would be perfect for this task.
"School was boring, but I made a friend. Her name's Reyna," she managed through a series of giggles, clinging to her father's neck.
"What part of 'now' was so hard to understand?" And just like that, there had been lips on lips and a low, out of nowhere moan, accompanied by the fumbling of palms trying to find purchase. A most satisfying turn of events.
Molly and Lestrade actually had rather heavy hands in terms of say in the wedding planning, and now, looking at all of it, she had to say that everything was beautiful. They had booked a garden area in London, seemingly at random, as it had no real significance to either that Molly could determine. A small wrought iron pergola stood in the center, old and slightly creaking, but Sherlock thought it was 'interesting' ("I wouldn't be surprised if it caved in and killed someone. It's incredibly unstable and probably approaching fifty years old, given the rust around its joints and the style of the designated overlaps." "Sherlock, that's awful. We should go somewhere else, then." "Are you joking, John? It's by far the most intriguing spot we've scouted out so far, and with any luck it'll fall and decapitate Mycroft for good." "Wait, we're seriously considering booking the terrifyingly unsafe pergola?" "A murder would do everyone some good, I think.") and that was the most they could hope to get out of him. The Holmes had approached wedding plans with the attitude of someone who wanted to get them over with, with Mary's big day and his own, and so she and John had been tackling most of the details that had required a more thoughtful touch.
"Well, aren't you? Daddy, I love you, but you can't be this dense." Rosamund's dad, the great John Watson, co-consulting detective and doctor extraordinaire, almost appeared nervous, like a child getting caught with his hand in the cookie jar. "You've actually begun to feel something for
Nathan Henderson, the mountain of a man that he was, crumpled like a rag doll under the sudden blow. Rosamund wiped her hands on the side of her shirt and took a silent inventory of Reyna's condition. She considered her friend's new ring of bruises around one wrist, the disheveled state of her hair, the skewed collar and the rip on her jumper.
This time, instead of pushing up, he blindly grabs for a button on the underside of the bed. With a self satisfied grin of success, he pushes the top arrow, and the headrest elevates slowly. A typical feature in the new models.
"Are you in love with Daddy?" Unlike with John, her ebony-haired relative didn't sputter uncontrollably and lose control of his pigmentation. Instead, the color drained from his face, a feat barely noticeable given his already fair complexion, but one accomplished all the same.
An augmented memory, for the genius, though the why is a matter of debate. It keeps a special room in his mind palace, filling every nook and cranny of the devoted space, though nothing particularly special happened.
"I don't think you understand this, but you have a side full of stitches and you've experienced a serious head trauma. No, you're not leaving the hospital for at least the next few days." The detective blinked.
"Please stay, John. I'd much rather be around you than my insidious brother." The corner of the doctor's lips quirked up.
"Rosamund," he starts, not really knowing what to say. Her behavior is illogical, without prior pattern, and social interaction has never been his strong suit. Too unpredictable. "What's wrong?"
"You know, I never got your hatred towards it," she remarked, rolling over to face the blonde at her left. "What was it about the stories that you disliked so much? Was it the cliche part, or . . . Well, you're not one to blindly develop a grudge based on cliche, but still."
found Mycroft 'a tremendous meddling pain' (Sherlock's words, not Molly's), Mr. and Mrs. Watson, who were getting to know the parents of their new son in law, then Mike, followed by Billy, Ms. Hudson, and finally Molly and Greg, who was facing a very happy looking John.
"What do you think, before I say anything?" He said this in a diplomatic way, knitting and unknitting his fingers in a fashion that almost resembled fidgeting.
"Cain and Able were brothers and there was no love lost between them when favorites were played. Tell me, should I get a knife to demonstrate? We could produce a lovely reenactment." Of course, his meddling sibling only latched on to the unimportant details of that assessment.
"Why thank you, madame." The dark haired teen managed a clumsy curtsy before walking unceremoniously inside. Rosie followed closely, shutting the door quietly behind them. "So, we should probably scope out the office first, right?" Rosie nodded.
a conniving arse, John. And a sociopath, a consulting detective, and I've been called a prick on numerous occasions. Obviously, though, I have my charms, or you wouldn't be here with me."
Sherlock's voice, though, jolted her out of her trance. It was a stark, sudden contrast to the speaker before, and the experience was far more jarring than one would expect.
John and Rosamund - wouldn't be so very dissapointed in him) Sherlock would have certainly murdered his brother by now and hid the body far, far away.
Aunt Molly lifts an eyebrow, as she has been waiting with Lestrade and Rosamund for the last few hours in the hall, yet says nothing. Instead, she excuses herself for a bathroom break, sensing the start of a private conversation.
Sure, there is Aunt Harry and Aunt Clara and Grandma and Grandpa Watson and the rest of the Holmes family tree, but they were not so important, somehow. Rosie loved them, yes, but they were rarely around and she found that she didn't miss them nearly as much after they had left.
"Let's pretend, for a split second, you aren't. Fine by me; we both get that you're bloody brilliant, though," the doctor responded, taking a swig of water. Sherlock, as always, straightened under the praise as though preening. "You said you wanted whatever I did, more or less. I guess I've just got to lay it out now, then?"
"That would be best," he drawled, for once out of his element. Dating - such strange, treacherous waters. Why did he have to fall for anybody at all, let alone Watson?
"Quite, John." Just like that, there was comfortable silence again, blanketing and almost drowsy in its languid atmosphere. It almost -
"Actually, it's Watson-Holmes now," Sherlock corrected, swallowing a swig of tea. "Do try to remember." Mycroft paused.
"Someone wants her father," she explained, almost relieved that she had an avenue of escape. She was tired, not feeling very well, and was not in the mood to handle more wails, no matter how much she adored Watson's child.
I was, Sherlock?" he says, and suddenly John Watson looks downright murderous. Normally, this wouldn't threaten Sherlock, as John was John and very unlikely to start a physical altercation, but seeing as he was lying in a hospital cot at the moment this could turn to the problematic. "I was here by your bed for a whole bloody
"I have the ability to deny that claim. I mean, as I recall it, me and my friend went for a taxi ride and we got a little lost. We knocked on your door and found it unlocked, so the worst we'd receive is a small fine for snooping. However, on the off chance they'd care to punish us fully, I've got connections in the police department and the British government. We could escape retribution altogether and come back later, repeating the process, or we can settle this now."
Now, she wasn't a stranger to proposals. She had already been proposed to once before, and seen many a friend get engaged, but this was different. Obviously, she still wasn't married for a reason. Molly had fallen to pieces emotionally after her fiance ("That bastard," Lestrade had called him, and everyone seemed to agree with that assessment) broke it off, and she had been certain it was a sign that she wasn't meant to find love. But Greg was not some random man she had started up a flame for and had a few outings with - he was an incredibly dedicated, loyal man who had staked his career with the police on the fine, if not scarce, ideals of 'doing the right thing', though it often got in the way. And, more than that, he was her friend before anything else, and had been a close friend since Rosie was little. He would never lie or trick anyone, and certainly not Molly.
"Like I'd let you miss your first date, John," she quips, rolling her eyes, but the doctor turns slightly pinker all the same.
Today, four months after her own marriage, two of her closest and dearest friends were finally getting hitched. Even more so than her own special day, it seemed surreal. Hadn't it only been yesterday that they had met, that John and Sherlock had became a team in 221B?
"I think this is it, Ro." Rosamund ignored her. "Ro? You can stop looking now. I've found it - very shoddily hidden, actually." She snorted.
"I'm sure lots of people had celebrity crushes, Sherlock, and Beckham was a successful player. Anyhow, what would you know about the way the poor guy's crushing habits work?" The ebony haired man huffed, crossing his arms.
However, all in all, they were still just as close as ever, just in a different context than before. Its origins were tangled and its emergence was rudimentary at best, but they were growing something. Something strong, something solid, something utterly fantastic and never before seen.
Reyna adored it just as much as she did, though. A perplexing notion, having friends like that, but Rosamund couldn't really be anything but on top of the world at the moment. Analyzation of her incredibly dangerous, weird existence would just have to wait.
"I love you, John." A simple, fleeting statement, but it makes a world of difference, and his partner looks at him as though he just offered up the moon.
"I think that's the first time you've ever said his full first name correctly, if memory serves," the blonde man noted, a teasing smirk playing over his lips. "Are you actually showing maturity for once?"
There weren't extra tables for people to be arranged individually. There was only one long, skinny stone platform, equipped with benches on either side. They ate thai (because if the cast of 221B wasn't going to get takeout for their troubles the very least they were going to do was get catering from the same restaurant), which was positioned on a small buffet at the foot of the stone. Accompanying this was a drinks cart, heavily supplied with wine for those who wished to drink everything away.
Still, Rosie was right, and it was a little ridiculous, seeing John Watson, a mature, adult man, be nervous and antsy and flustered as a schoolboy for something as simple as going out to eat with a colleague. When it came to Sherlock Holmes, an air of dramatics and a healthy dose of unusual followed around anyhow, though - perhaps the element of ridiculousness was called for. In an event, the army doctor had made a concerted effort and actually cared about the outcome - this was what
John was not having it though. He tipped Sherlock's head up and in his direction with one finger and asked, with a deep look into blue-green speckled eyes “Sherlock, on a scale of 1 to 10, how much did I hurt you by saying I was gay as long as we’ve known each other? Be honest.”
Suddenly, he felt the baby kick his belly a tiny bit. He breathed in harshly although it didn’t really hurt. His first instinct was to grab Sherlock’s hand and let him feel the next kick which is precisely what he did. His eyes found Sherlock’s and he mouthed ‘stay’ at his friend, not wanting him to pull away now. Sherlock seemed to relax a little again and a faint twitching of his lower lip told John all he needed to know. The longer Sherlock looked at John, the stronger the twitching appeared to be until his lips finally broke out into that beautiful lopsided smile which made John feel warm and giddy. John responded with a smile and a gentle nod, understanding Sherlock’s nonverbal confession. After those minutes of wordless communication had passed, there was another soft push against Sherlock’s hand. His eyes widened so much, John thought they might as well fall out of his eye sockets any moment.
The rest of the day was uneventful, there was dinner, some drinking, some dancing, some laughter, and Mr Holmes brother- known as the drunk uncle- was found unconscious in the bushes like every other time before. Around 10 pm, people were leaving and only the Holmeses and John were left behind. The Holmeses had sat down in the living room to calm down a bit before going to bed. John came in and Mycroft informed him that the car would be there in 20 minutes and that he should pack his things since he wouldn't sleep here. John and Sherlock were originally supposed to stay the night. "Okay. What about Sherlock?" John only asked, feeling the tension in the room.
“Oh hello mother, I didn’t want to disturb you or father. I was going to take a walk.” He smiles, easily lying due to many years of practice.
Sherlock doesn’t explicitly need permission, they both know this, but that’s why he says it, to kill Watson with the anticipation alone. Watson gives him a nod, all the same.
Watson is furious, but relieved when he sees Sherlock still in one piece. But he’s a little shocked to see that it’s Mary who brings the lad to him.
Watson’s about to just give up and go looking for Mary when someone bursts through the door. He sees the familiar mop of dark hair and feels overwhelming relief, as well as confusion, flood his being.
His parents barely mention Mycroft when talking to other people either, Sherlock knows they’re ashamed of the circumstances. That they are aware that it looks a certain way that they had to send away the alpha child while the omega stayed. Hell, that they even had to send away their son in the first place, good parents know how to raise their children after all.
In all honesty, Sherlock’s mind is somewhere else, like it usually is. He’s thinking about his older brother’s visit.
Sherlock was and would always be his. That was without question. Besides, there were more pressing things high on his list of priorities at the moment like Sherlock’s safety for instance, rather than some grubby alpha being the first to see his mate on display with all that creamy, soft sun-kissed skin laid bare for him. Soft to the touch and kissable, rosy and ripe and plush just waiting to be tasted--
Sherlock says nothing, he doesn’t need to get his hopes up. He’ll die right here if he’s disappointed again. He settles for simply watching Watson’s face as he speaks, memorizing these last moments of them being together. Though he does not allow himself to see it as anything more than what it is – a lapse in Watson’s judgment caused by his rut. He may want to believe it as something else, but that will only serve to break his already fickle resolve.
He takes the boy’s hand and leads him past the sneering Alpha, to a table at the back of the pub. Once they are sitting down, Watson signals for the barkeep to get Sherlock a beer, (he wouldn’t normally give a child alcohol but seeing that they have to keep up with pretenses, he allows it), while glaring at any other Alphas that decide to scrutinize them until they lose their nerve and look away.
Sherlock wakes up to darkness, Watson’s scent still on his skin. His body aches, though it is in the best way possible. He feels light and ethereal, magical and in more ways than one, complete. Whole. It’s been a long time since he’s felt like this.
Soon, John could feel large warm hands kneading his lower back. It was comforting and Sherlock was better at it than Mrs Hudson. Within minutes, the pain was gone and John was humming contently. "Mmh, you're good at this." he smiled softly.
As John stepped closer, he could see the blotchy red face of his flatmate though. He looked younger. And overall more peaceful if one ignored all the signs of crying. He looked so lonely. There was something warm in John's chest as he looked at Sherlock's face, but it mixed with the heavy guilt in his stomach and made it even worse. He quietly kneeled down next to the bed so he could look better into Sherlock's face. Shit, he felt something for this man. He wanted nothing more than to hug him and to crawl into bed with him. John knew that wouldn't be appreciated though. If only he could prevent Sherlock from ever having to cry again. He just wanted his best friend to be happy. He gently let his fingers ghost over Sherlock's cheekbones, then stroked with his entire hand through soft ebony curls. The man on the bed shifted and began blinking sleepily.
He can’t help the mounting anxiety that is threatening to consume his mind. He knows, rationally, that out of the many reasons for her delay, most of them are probably benign but he can’t help his brain from coming to the worst, drastic conclusions. Of course, he’d be better rooted into the land of logic and sense if he had gotten a better night’s sleep the previous night. Maybe he’d be a little more lucid as well, if his world hadn’t been carefully divested of everything that made it simple and was now veering off into space without control.
I've been listening to 'Genie in a Bottle' by Christina Aguilera and 'I'm A Slave 4 U' by Britney Spears and they gave me...ideas. Not completely harmless ones either. XD
We have reached 250 kudos! I am so happy, thank you all! Thank you for everything you guys have done! I love all the support and love this and 'Holmes in Heat' have gotten. I will never not be grateful. I appreciate it so much!
“Now, as you know, the long lost omega mate,” he continues, still allowing time for Watson to follow along, and Watson is trying dear god, he is. But he’s only human and he’s sure his life will never again know peace, if Sherlock does not disrobe of that infernal attire soon. “From what Lestrade has gathered, he’s fond of styling his clothing like this. I’m not sure how much I look like the missing or possibly dead omega, but I’m hoping I can be adequate bait for this scheme to go successfully.”
Blood rises to color Watson’s cheeks. “It’s nothing, just a simple injury, it wouldn’t take a detective to figure it out.”
Of course...it’s likely he’s purposefully leaving behind traces. Red herrings to throw them off his scent. He doesn’t seem smart enough to be the kind of criminal to leave red herrings. He just seems more of a murderer than a mastermind. They’re not often mutually exclusive, of course, but Watson would bet next month’s rent that John Doe is no mastermind.
They’re back in the sitting room, Sherlock curled up on the couch in about a hundred blankets thanks to Watson being afraid that his omega will freeze, while he is back in his chair, reading a book.
The bearded Alpha points a grimy finger at the two of them. “You can’t be much of a doctor if you advised the boy to go out in such a state.”
“Holmes, I’m not here for Mrs. Hudson.” The voice is gravelly and low, but Sherlock would recognize it anywhere. It’s Watson and Sherlock’s stupid, traitorous heart does a small jump.
