Living on Earth had been an endless pit of decadence and sin, mocking the way humanity preached a pseudo-morality that denied the sway of temptation.
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Steve doesn’t talk like that and you know it.”
The places where they had slept, eaten, trained—it was all gone. And now, all these hours later, he just stared at those broken remains and all he could come up with was indifference.
"Yes Sir, Captain Rogers," Bucky retorted from the kitchen chair. He was staring at Steve with an intense expression. Steve felt himself tense a little before pulling out the frozen pizza and set to get it into the oven.
Barnes stepped between Tony’s thighs, giving him an unimpressed look. The left corner of his mouth was twitching, though, or maybe Tony was just hallucinating. “Grab hold of my arm, and squeeze if it stings too bad.”
“Oh, yeah, alright—my
Jarvis’ shoulders sagged. “Well, I’d better get along and arrange some more food. It’s going to be a long night.”
“No,” Steve shook his head firmly. “I wouldn’t risk that.”
Bruce glanced wordlessly out of the window. It looked as if he sat in Tony’s and his shared workshop. “You know… You, Tony, and Steve, you both have a point. We can’t go on like this, but we can’t let ourselves be put on a leash either. So tricking Ross into believing he’s in control while we really solve the problem at hand… maybe that’s the compromise we’ll have to deal with for a while.”
Steve glanced at the arc reactor’s light dimmed by the thin bedsheet draped around Tony’s body and kneeled down next to him. He could hear Tony murmur words in his sleep, gulping in the stale air as though his lungs were fighting for life. He was probably uncomfortable, here on that hard floor, and Steve considered carrying him over to the bed for a moment, but eventually decided against it. If Tony woke up now—Steve wouldn’t know what to say to him.
“Was that so hard?” Tony asked once they were lying back to back on the makeshift bed.
He replaced the pot onto stove before he caused a catastrophe. His hands clutched at the counter while the pills fell to his feet as the room started spinning all over again.
Perhaps he had been wrong about Barnes. After all, that was becoming the motto for this week, and stranger things had happened. “You know what, Buck-o?” Tony said. “I think this is the beginning of a beautiful—”
“We're not done here Tony!” He said in frustration and set Tony down. “What do you want from me? From this? Do you regret it? Did I make the wrong call in helping you through the heat? I need answers Tony, because you may be capable of just walking away from it as if it were nothing, but I cannot do that. We connected...I know you felt it...we're compatible, but we'll never find out and we'll definitely never bond if you're on suppressants.” Steve ground the words out. He didn't want this to be one sided. He had felt nothing but affection for Tony during the heat, and all he wanted was to take care of Tony. Ensure he was happy and comfortable. “You let me go believing that I had hurt you, that you hate me for taking you during the heat. You never once told me why you were avoiding me.. So tell me now. Why? If it wasn't for the reason I think it was...then why?”
Right. They’d kissed. And then some.
“How bad was it?” Natasha asked from her place on the couch. “Your future?”
Tony’s eyes widened and he neared Cooper with a grin that spoke of all kinds of mischief. “He will make an exception today because your airplane now has double charge time, can do about every stunt you can think of, and just increased its worth by a good five hundred dollars, right,
This work is not beta-read so all grammar mistakes are my own.
“Truth be Captain, I believe our strongest option to finding outside assistance will be from the rabbit and his crew, I believe we can-”
Steve had grown up in the poorer district of the city, he had lost his mother at a young age and lived on the streets with his best friend Bucky. They both had aspirations of rising up and earning their way into the comforts of the higher classes. For a couple of orphaned scrappy kids that meant only one thing, joining their lord's army. If they proved loyal, efficient in battle or even popular in the tourney's they could earn land, gold, any number of things. They had seen it happen. Only Steve suffered from severe health problems, he was short, scrawny, could barely hold a weapon let alone last in a fight against a larger opponent, but Steve never gave up.
Having come once already Tony felt lose and relaxed so there was little difficulty for Steve to penetrate him with the first finger. Coated in lube it slipped in easily with little resistance and Steve was soon pumping it in and out of Tony's channel with ease. Once he had inserted the second finger though that was when it felt tight and the stretch burned. Steve took his time with the two fingers, slipping them slowly into Tony's ass, who was on his back and holding his thighs wide and open. Tony at first made little noise, a soft grunt, a hiss and a few murmured words of encouragement, but when Steve curled his fingers just so and pressed against Tony's prostate his whole body jolted and he groaned in pleasure.
“No worries Steve. I figured you could do with some better company than Bruce. Not that I don't love his company personally, but he also gets my jokes and we can talk for hours on the merits of molecular fusion. I lost you there didn't I?” he chuckled. “We'll have you out of here soon and then we can put this all behind us.”
---Some Days Later---
Tony felt his own cock throb at hearing Steve talk so dirty. He complied taking Steve's cock into his mouth again, sucking him down to the root, relaxing his throat and swallowing around him again, as he bobbed his head. He slid his mouth back and gave the head some attention, sucking it lightly, running his tongue along the slit. Tony closed his mouth over him again, and sucked him down, moving faster. He reached up wrapping his hand around the base and started to stroke Steve as he sucked him.
“What is it?”
This is where we continue from Rarest One of All.
Steve had to take a moment to chuckle at himself. “I apologize this is...” He trailed off unsure of what to say next. He cleared his throat and shut the door to the chamber and turned to face his guest again. He was perched on the edge of the chaise, his alluring eyes still on Steve. “I've never asked one of you here before. I didn't know what to expect.”
Tony pulled back panting heavily, a satisfied smile on his face. "You like that? Want more?" Tony asked him, while reaching up and tugging off Steve's jeans.They were way too clothed for this. "Ask me for it Steve." Steve assisted in kicking off his pants the rest of the way, and slipping off his boxers with them. He met Tony's eyes with his own lust filled gaze.
Steve hooked his fingers into the band of his boxers and tugged them down freeing his hardened dick from it's fabric confines. It curved up hard and aching, the head leaking onto his belly in anticipation. Steve took his cock in hand, swiping his thumb along the tip to collect the precome and slide it down over his length. He imagined Tony dropping to his knees, calloused hands easing up and down his sides to grasp tightly to his ass as he pressed kisses to his groin, letting out muffled moans of desire. With a gasp Steve took himself firmly in hand and gave himself a long stroke up. Steve spread his legs a bit further feeling the shame of being so exposed it made him feel dirty, but he couldn't help himself he thrust his hips up into his tightening fist as he fantasized about the brunette genius taking him into his mouth and sucking him with earnest.
After several minutes and his own come drying on his chest and abdomen Steve pulled himself from the bed and took a much needed shower. However...no matter how much he scrubbed he still felt dirty for thinking of Tony in such a depraved and pornographic way. After the cleansing Steve fell into his bed for some much needed rest hoping this little problem would go away in time.
“Don't apologize, that gives us something.” Steve reassured her. He looked over the grief stricken faces of his comrades they all were still looking to him for guidance. Only Steve had no idea what to do, he was at a loss. Nothing could have prepared him for a war like this. They had given it their all, every one of them he knew had fought with everything they had and they lost. “We need to reconnect with anyone that could be left, that includes Clint, Scott, anyone we knew from our days in Shield.” Steve stated. They needed something to go on, a little bit of hope that he had a plan. “Rocket you think you and Thor can contact your team?”
“Why don't we let life decide for itself?” Tony's block slipped as the nanobots failed around his arms and melted away. Thanos got a grip on Tony's left arm and held him in place.
Steve rejoined Tony on the bed, just his tight black boxer briefs separating himself from Tony now. Tony reached for Steve, to pull him in and slot his lips over Steve's again, they kissed and touched each other. Steve took the liberty of divesting Tony of his pants and boxers, and Tony slipped Steve's underwear off as well. With nothing left between them they both took a moment to admire, hard flesh, gently curving lengths, cocks flushed in arousal and glistening wetly at the tips. They both wanted this.
Tony blinked, obviously surprised. A drop of rain fell onto his head, then another on his nose.
“Yeah,” Steve breathed, then groaned when Tony cupped his balls, while rearranging their position somewhat until their cocks aligned.
* * *
“Steve…”
Things with Steve were… complicated, at best. Tony had been secretly crushing on Steve for the better part of his high school years (which, okay, weren’t all that much—he was by far the youngest graduate—but that wasn’t the point). So for the last one and a half years, he’d allowed himself to simply bask in the World Wonder that he’d managed to get Steve’s attention, at all.
And that would be worth more than anything.
“Charmer,” Tony replied. “How long was I out?”
Tony pulled back somewhat, forcing Steve to look into his eyes. “Okay, I get it. You want sex, which I’m completely on board with, just… you’re obviously distressed and I feel like I should be worrying about that first. Maybe you need to—”
It was homy in a way Tony’s rooms never were. “You settled in pretty well, huh?”
Steve’s limbs stiffened. “Do I really have to meet all of them? At once?”
“Don’t stop,” he gasped.
* * *
Arrival at Stark Tower one day later went, for all intents and purposes, as was expected. Steve nearly doubled over when he tried to get to the medical floor, demanding to see Barnes right away.
“What things exactly? Steve...I want you to know something. I only regret what happened because of how it has affected you. Otherwise it wasn't so bad. Sure giant mutant bug and all, but if it had to be anyone I would rather it had been with you.” Tony tightened his grip on Steve's shoulder, a slight squeeze of reassurance. “Once I was out of the quarantine and after our little talk I took a few shots, a much needed shower and jerked off. You're not the only one having these feelings about it, but it seems I have the ability to compartmentalize, disassociate and cope in a different way than you.”
"This seat taken?" Tony asked casually.
"Why don't you sit on the bed and let me take care of you?"
Steve stepped up beside Tony and their eyes met briefly. Steve wasn't going to let it all just end because they were returning to the world. He and Tony had spent every night together since initial visit to Tony's room that stormy evening. They had chosen not to broadcast it to anyone on the team, and if any of the Avengers were aware of their nightly activities they said nothing. Steve didn't want to be secret, he didn't want it to mean nothing, he couldn't lie to himself anymore that he could be satisfied with being a distraction.
The man kept his gaze on Steve as if he were studying him. “You gave no direction on what you wanted so we made do.”
Tony reached down to take Steve's length, his penis hot and velvety in his rough hands. Tony gave him a long stroke and Steve bit his lip as his hips bucked forward into the touch, “Ah-Tony!” Steve moaned and he bracketed his arms on either side of the brunette below him. “I-I want to...to feel you.” Steve gasped and reached for Tony's pants. Tony wasted little time, assisting in the removal of his own clothing to reveal himself fully to Steve. Caching his lips in his own once more, Steve kissed Tony full of heat and passion as he rutted against him.
“Because it's a weakness.” Tony repeated. Steve let out an irritated huff.
As if it could sense Tony's failing resolve it released his cock, but still remained tightly coiled around him, pinning his arms to his sides to keep him still, his pants bunched around his ankles. Tony's hard cock jutted out obscenely from his body, Steve didn't even hesitate before wrapping his lips around the head and sucked. Tony couldn't hold back the moans that escaped him as Steve took his length deeper into his mouth, bobbing his head a few times, and humming pleasurably around his cock. Steve was...god he really was enjoying sucking him off.
“Good? It was more than just good...it was...I don't even know how to describe it.” Steve pressed a light kiss to Tony's forehead. They laid there together quietly for several long minutes just coming down from the endorphin high. “Steve...” Tony asked after the silence had gone on too long.
“No!” Steve found himself saying too quickly. He cleared his throat and said again in more collected tone. “...no...it's fine. Keep-Keep going...” His voice had dropped, deep with want and his hands had fallen from the paper, he now sat on the stool just admiring how Tony would run his hands over his gorgeous body. Steve's eyes were drawn across Tony's chest, the subtle sculpting of his muscle, dusky nipples now hard in the exposed air, the rise and fall of his breath. “Touch the piercing...” Steve ordered, because he had to see Tony's reaction to playing with that golden hoop.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Please...don't ruin this post sex high with sap.” He teased and Steve just smiled up at him. Tony maneuvered himself off of Steve a low grunt coming from him as Steve's flaccid cock slipped out of him. He collapsed onto the bed next to Steve and draped an arm across the man's chest.
Steve pulled his finger out, it was wet, coated with Tony's slick. He trailed his hand up Tony's side and smeared the fluid across Tony's right nipple. The air suddenly felt much cooler on the sensitive nub, and his skin prickled as it hardened into a tight dusky peak. Steve pinched it and rolled it between his fingers making Tony jolt and gasp. Steve's touch was electric and the pleasure from his nipple was like a jolt from his chest straight to his groin and the tip of his cock. Tony felt the heated wave of need, and then watched helplessly as another gush of slick dribbled from his ass. He could hear Steve's hitch of breath behind him, and his hand holding his balls tensed up slightly.
Tony moved onto his back and Steve straddled his thighs. He splayed his hands over Tony's chest, careful of the arc reactor as Tony held himself steady for Steve to sink down onto. The penetration was slow, he had to take a lot of moments to acclimate but soon Steve was fully seated, straddling Tony's thighs and his impressive cock was buried to the hilt in his ass.
“You used to say you kept a bottle on you in case you found something that could use greasing I developed the habit in case you ever needed it. Of course that was before but I just never took it out. I...never intended it for this purpose exactly but I figure we might as well just use it.” Steve said with a shrug.
“You feel so tight and warm.”
Tony sat down, so Steve was playing along. Tony wanted to laugh at the audacity of let's pretend to be strangers in a bar, but perhaps it was the safest course of action. “Here for business." Tony stated while tilting his glass in his hands and studying the amber liquid "But I'm just looking for a place to unwind that wasn't the hotel bar where likely the cause my my headache is currently staying as well. I like local places. Usually have better Scotch." he looked over to Steve. "and you? certainly don't appear to be a local yourself."
Steve swiped his tongue along his lips to wet them as he noticed Tony watching him intently. He knew better, he was the adult here, and Tony was only a kid, but was he? Tony was 18 years old now a legal adult. He had grown into such a fine looking young man, it was impossible to overlook his handsome features. “Tony you can't possibly know that.”
“I can agree to that.” Steve practically carried Tony into the bathroom, he was concerned that Tony would be sore after their activities. He scrubbed Tony down in the shower, lathering up the soap in his hands and roaming over Tony's body. Tony did the same for Steve. Once they were thoroughly cleaned off they exited together, dried off and Steve changed the sheets to some fresh clean ones. They snuggled into the warmth of blankets together, deciding to forgo the pajamas. Steve liked the intimacy of skin on skin contact. They fell asleep together, both still relishing in the afterglow with each other.
Steve had glanced Tony's way and he certainly appeared surprised. The way Steve's eyes widened ever so slightly Tony could read it even from his distance. He gazed down at his drink, swirling it in his glass. So since it appeared that Steve hadn't expected him to be here. Steve would most likely be on high alert now, and would probably leave shortly, or take Tony out back and pummel him to ensure Tony didn't try to follow. Tony sipped his drink again and peered over to Steve to try and gauge his reaction.
Bruce shifted a little bit in the spot he stood and looked down at a chart on the door. “Three days. I think you are past the worst of it, and the serum should take care of the rest. We will keep you here though for additional monitoring. Just in case, but I don't feel you are a danger to anyone.”
“People can try, but I'm not easy to snatch up.” Steve replied with a smile and sipped the new drink that had been set out. Tony being his usual play-boy self, and Steve was aware that Tony was trying to make him uncomfortable, he was not going to fall for it or give Tony the satisfaction. "Are you looking to snatch someone up here? Unwinding and all." He asked.
“You want me to what?” Tony protested. Even with his whole body buzzing with need he was still hesitant to fully comply. He had just gotten over watching Steve finger him now Steve wanted Tony to expose himself further?
No, even from the shock and pain Tony wasn't going to give up. He stood grimacing, holding his left arm in his right, and stumbled forward towards the alien conqueror. “There was an idea...” Tony stated wearily. “To bring together...a group of remarkable people.” Thanos had paused and turned back, Tony felt unbalanced, he winced from the pain but continued forward. “To work together when needed, to fight the battles that others never could.” Tony stood before Thanos, himself beaten and weak, injured, his armor failing, but every bit as defiant as ever. Tony took a halting breathing and stared at Thanos with his fierce eyes. “I'll die believing in that...in heroes...because if we cannot save the earth you can be damn sure we'll avenge it!” Tony activated the last energy that bleeding edge had left in it and formed a blade with his right gauntlet. He thrust it forward forcefully, gritting his teeth through the pain of the movement, but he wasn't fast enough. Thanos caught his arm and snapped the blade off as if it were nothing and flipped the sharp edge around and stabbed it through Tony's side.
Steve drew out basic shapes and lines in a hard lead pencil. It was lighter and wouldn't show on the finished product as much and could be erased easily if mistakes were made. He glanced up at Tony spread out luxuriously on the small decorative sofa, the way the candlelight glinted on the gold chains and the contrast of it against his olive skin. Steve felt his mouth going dry again and reached over to the side table for his goblet of water. He was still blown away by how alluring Tony was, his body, his features, Steve found him mesmerizing.
“If that's what it is, if this is the end and we're all just going to die I don't want to die with all these regrets.”
“You're the only one I really wanted Steve...now please...don't make me wait!” Tony gave a slow roll his hips back and brushed himself against the tip of Steve's leaking cock. Steve took that encouragement and ran his hand over Tony's back soothingly.
Tony actually felt a chuckle erupt out of himself, it felt like ages since he had laughed. Steve too grinned and they wrapped each other in their arms as the fits of giggles and laughter continued on for several minutes. In reality it wasn't that funny but Tony couldn't get over the audacity that Steve Rogers carried a bottle of personal lubricant with him just in case anyone needed it. Once Tony caught his breath he ran a hand through his own hair and looked over to Steve in amusement.
“W-What?” Steve asked in bewilderment but Tony caught the dilation in those pupils. The heat in Steve's eyes at the mention of using his newly built arm in such lewd ways.
“Yes I do...” Steve replied with a smile and trailed his fingers down past Tony's waiting cock, skimmed lightly over his sack and further to his tight hole. Steve pressed the pads of his fingers against the puckered skin and gently rubbed, coating the flesh in slick lube. Steve pressed several kisses to Tony's neck as he teased and prepped him. He gently probed with a slick finger and eased the digit past the ring of muscle to ease Tony's channel open. Tony exhaled slowly at the slight burn of penetration. It had been some years since he had taken a man to his bed. Tony's body was hot and tight around Steve's finger, he pumped it in and out a few times before pulling out to add more lube and then pressed in two.
Tony admired him for a moment, the brightness in his eyes, pure joy, no longer carrying the burdens from before. Those nights they had spent together there had been the constant pinch of worry in Steve's brow, a hazy distance in his eyes. It had been so long since he had seen Steve in such a relaxed state, and Tony was grateful he could be the one to give him that. Tony finally had given Steve the peace he deserved in his life. Steve noticed Tony staring at him and looked his way with a raised eyebrow.
Steve kissed Tony, long and hard. Sliding his tongue over Tony's, claiming his mouth, licking along his lips. Yes. He wanted nothing more. “Yes-yes of course. I'm yours Tony, only yours and your mine?”
"We're fixing it right now..." Tony raked his nails down Steve's back and groped his ass with his hands. "God I've always wanted to do that." he admitted with no shame, not thinking at all how they had broken the charade, they were no longer strangers here.
One of Tony's older gauntlet's for his armor was dropped onto it's side and not where Tony had last left it. Steve sure had been acting guilty about something too. Tony looked back towards the door and returned his attention to the gauntlet a devilish idea formed in his mind. If this was indeed what he thought it might be. Tony smirked and picked up the gauntlet suddenly feeling very optimistic about his chances with Steve.
Tony looked up at her quickly. “No-No nothing like that. It was consensual, but it really shouldn't have happened.”
“Tony, please fuck me! Please I need it. I'm so empty, I need your cock in me, make me come, I need to come.” Steve was moaning with want, his own cock ached between his legs. He rocked more insistently backwards and felt the head of Tony's cock catch on his rim.
“...Steve...” Tony tried to say more but was cut off.
“Morning Tony nice of you to join us.” Steve greeted with his easy lopsided smile.
Steve took a slow breath in and rose an eyebrow as he tried to get a read on what Tony's play could be. There didn't appear to be any hostility in his demeanor so Steve decided to go with it.
A gentle hand touched the small of his back. “Saying your final goodbye?” Tony asked as he stepped up next to Steve.
“And what Steve?” Tony asked .
“Is that what we are Steve?” Tony asked. “Friends?” His expression was carefully guarded.
Tony could see his own come leaking from Steve's used hole, it was filthy, wonderful sight. The centipede surrounded Steve as it had when Tony had first entered the workshop, its head shuffled down between Steve's legs as the rest of its body coiled around him. The pincers prodded and examined, the soft wet mouth suckled down along Steve's thigh. A few of the legs gripped at Steve's shoulder and dug into his skin as the mouth continued its exploration. The sucker like mouth grazed past Steve's cock and below his balls, lower and lower. Steve let out a surprised gasp that turned into a drawn out moan as the centipede latched onto his leaking rim.
Steve looked up to Tony and back at the broken snap with a small frown. “You have enough to do than fix my wardrobe. I can just put in a request to shield and-”
“You seem distracted, is everything alright?”
“God-no-no what did I do?” He whispered. Where was Tony now? Probably taken far-far away so Steve couldn't subject him to any further assault. The burn of tears welled in Steve's eyes. Despite the rocky start between himself and Tony when the Avengers first formed they had worked close together and developed a sort of understanding of one another. It could even tentatively be called a fragile friendship. Tony possessed too much personality for Steve to handle on some days, but he had grown to admire the man's genius. Now that was all over. There was no way Tony could ever look at him the same way again. Steve had forced himself upon him and subjected Tony to the centipede's whims.
Tony blinked a few times. “So that time during my heat that wasn't all just reaction to the hormones. You were capable of going multiple times already?” Steve's face tinged a bit pink in embarrassment and he nodded slowly. It hadn't been something he felt the need to brag about, and he had worried it would scare potential partners away. Alphas were already known to be a bit intense when it came to sex, and one that needed extra care could only come across as intimidating. “How are you even real?” Tony whispered and clenched up around Steve's cock.
The red head narrowed her eyes on him and tapped a pen on her desk. “You know most heats last for a few days...unless you have an alpha or beta to-”
Tony let out a heavy sigh and leaned back in his chair. He stared up at the ceiling for a moment. “Steve Rogers, and everyone would wonder what in the world would lead a perfect alpha like him to settle for anyone like me? There is way too much scrutiny, too much risk.”
“-No.” Steve snapped before Bruce had an opportunity to finish his thought. No way Steve was going to tell anyone the details of what had occurred. None of the Avengers knew the full report, only Thor had the smallest glimpse of the very end. Otherwise Steve's lips remained sealed. How could he tell anyone, a stranger no less, the intimate details of how he had sexually assaulted one of his friends.
Tony reached his nipples, the buds hardening under his touch as he circled his palms over them sending electric fissures of pleasure arcing through his nerves. His mouth fell open as he panted out harsher breaths his nipples feeling tight and sensitive with every touch. The leather scraped and rubbed his tender flesh, Tony rolled and pinched his nipples between his fingers making them throb and ache. Tony's cock twitched and pulsed with need as he played with his body, picturing Steve's hands on him, wearing the uniform gloves and all.
“Oooh warm ups? You wanna focus...on my...parts?” Tony adjusted his position, lifting a knee up, foot on the chaise and gave a little tilt of his hips Good lord what was happening right now? Steve felt his face heat in another blush.
Tony broke the kiss, and gazed down at Steve with fiery eyes.
Steve's hands roamed over Tony's body, feeling over the subtle bumps and blemishes of years fighting in the Iron Man suit. Some he remembered having helped to patch on the field, others were new, Tony's body was a map of hardships. Opposite of Steve's but Steve's scars were internal, just because his skin healed perfectly didn't mean he didn't recall every injury he had sustained with perfect clarity. His memory was a blessing and curse all in one.
“Ah...I'm not sure yet. Depends on how long she keeps me, and she might hold me over out of spite for being late. So there's that. Weren't you taking a shower?”
“I'll help you. Then after we can figure out whatever this is. Your hormones are going crazy and before you make any solid decisions we need you thinking clearly again.”
“I can't do that because no one could possibly understand!” Steve bit as he whirled around finally facing Tony, chest heaving with pent up frustration. “None of you...could ever...” He ran a hand through his hair. “The Avengers are all I have left. If I talk I know I'll be removed from the team, and I can't let that happen. I can deal with this. I am dealing with this!”
“You want it harder? Yeah you do, you can barely control yourself you need it so bad huh?” Tony said as he braced his hands on Steve's chest and rolled his hips. Steve bucked up into him and moaned.
“No.” Steve interrupted. “Maybe this is crazy, but I haven't felt alive in months and tonight you gave that to me. Please...let me do this.” Steve waited again for what felt like ages as Tony considered his offer. Tony turned onto his side to face Steve and he leaned in to press a kiss to his cheek.
“My profession...Steve I'm a concubine. I am little more than a whore I exist to give my lords pleasure.” He sat up from the bed.
With a heavy sigh Steve tried to think of something else, it was too soon to expect anything more of Tony after how he had been so thoroughly used. Tony had to be sore this morning with how vigorous the two of them had been with their love making. The shower stopped and Tony walked out with a towel, he glanced briefly towards Steve and the bed he appeared to waver for a moment before going to the walk in closet to change. This wasn't exactly boding well so Steve sat up and rubbed at his face to wake himself up further.
“Yeah the tiny fainting ones. They're fun.” That had started it all, every time they talked of the future of what could be they kept coming back to the farm. The quiet, the tranquility, a retirement but enough to keep them occupied. Tony could convert a basement into a lab space, and Steve could have an art room with natural light. After they had defeated Thanos and returned the world to it's natural state they had come to realize it hadn't been all talk. Steve of course had expected Tony to go back to Pepper, and he had been speechless when Tony came to him to tell him that he had broken the engagement with her.
“Ah-Tony-yes!” Steve panted as he stroked himself faster, his cock sliding into his fist as the hot coil of heat intensified in his groin. He bit his lip letting a small whimper escape as he masturbated to the thought of Tony giving him a blow job. Tony would take him in, deep-throating and moaning around him, the vibration sending pleasant shivers up Steve's spine. “Ah-oh right there-almost yes!” Steve felt his climax quickly approaching. His balls drew up tight as he reached the edge and came with a shout, his cock spurting his hot cum onto his hand on stomach. Steve spent what felt like several minutes riding out the waves of the pleasure as his cock continued to pulse with the intense orgasm. He stroked himself through it, drawing out the last few drops from his spent cock. Steve let out a sigh and sank into his bed feeling loose and satisfied. That was until the guilt crept up on him and Steve felt the heat of a shameful blush rise up to his cheeks.
"I-I think I think we are way too clothed for this now." Tony panted as he leaned up and gave Steve a quick kiss. "I wanna see all of you." He said tugging on the hem of Steve's shirt. Steve smirked then sat up, and pulled his shirt off tossing it to the side. He then assisted Tony in the removal of the rest of his clothing, they both laid togeher on the hotel bed naked and looking over each other.
“Boss the bleeding edge is losing structural integrity. Whatever those stones are that Thanos possesses, their power cannot be matched by your tech!” Tony grit his teeth, and boosted up into the air hoping to gain some distance from his adversary. If he could gain his bearings for just a moment he might be capable of thinking of a way to get through this in one piece. His hopes were short lived as Thanos closed a heavy hand around his ankle and jerked him back to the ground.
"You could say that. Why care to try me?" Steve asked with a challenging look, that's right two could play the game here.
“You do whatever you want with it. Either alone or...if you would like me to be with you and monitor you I can do that too. I realize you are in a difficult position, desperation can lead people to act in ways they may otherwise never have before.”
“I'd like that.”
“Tony...that isn't...I've been curious about it yes, but I didn't know you felt that way about it. I look at it because it's-I don't know- a comfort I guess?” Tony quirked an eyebrow at that and Steve continued. “When I see the light glowing steady I know that means you're okay. I...” Steve dropped his gaze to the floor. “I still have nightmares about New York and about you not waking up and all I see is the arc reactor dark and dead...and...so when I'm around you yes I check because I care about you!”
They worked up to a steady rhythm, Tony's hips were rocking into Steve's fingers steadily. Steve felt that Tony was ready for another and he squeezed more lube into his hand and coated his fingers then carefully pushed them past the tight ring into Tony's ass. Steve could feel the muscles clenching and relaxing around him, it sent a fiery excitement straight to his own straining cock. Steve himself was getting impatient now and he worked his fingers in and out of Tony at a more rapid pace.
“Shhh it's okay Tony it won't hurt you.” Steve said in a gentle voice. The red appendages bore into Tony, feeling, stroking, one ease its way in between buttons of Tony's shirt and pulled ripping it open. There was ripping and tearing as the centipede worked on divesting Tony of his clothing. Tony's breath was fast sharp inhales as he was slowly exposed, he struggled against the creature more, gritting his teeth in exertion.
Tony sighed and tried to recall the last time he’d seen Steve. His eyes warm but troubled when he looked at Tony, face fortified with determination. Had he known then? Had he known what he was going to do? What he was going to sacrifice?
Tony leaned against him and allowed Steve to help him walk towards the RV.
It’d been fascinating to watch him, humbling almost, but ever since their arrival at Stark Mansion, that man—that version of Tony—had seemingly vanished along with his carefreeness.
Steve moved upwards, lying down on top of Tony. They both moaned at the contact, bodies rubbing against each other. “We’ll see about that,” he said.
“117 countries want to sign this,” Rhodey argued, and Tony wanted to lean over there and kiss his beautiful bald forehead. “And people are afraid.”
There was a moment’s hesitation, but Tony nodded all the same, a resolute expression set in his features. “Yeah,” he said. “We’ll take him down.”
Steve snorted. He and Bucky always thought way too much alike.
* * *
Tony took a menacing step forward. “Have. You. Found. Him?”
“Negative!” Steve shouted back. He and Bucky raced towards a ladder leading up to the upper level. “If that truck crashes, the gem could level the city. We need to draw out Ultron.”
“They’ll be okay,” Bruce said next to him. He heaved a great breath, and the typing stopped. “This isn’t working. If we had more time…”
Tony noticed him looking and cleared his throat. “T’Challa has a workshop.”
Steve flushed a bit at the compliment. “Thanks.”
Tony smiled and leaned in. Very softly, they kissed, their lips barely touching and yet Tony felt himself melting against Steve as though he couldn’t contain himself.
Natasha released an exaggerated breath and twisted in her seat. “Steve has found someone to get him laid, something he has been grossly in need of since—quite frankly—I’ve known him. And even you admitted last night that Tony was the least likely person in the world to hurt him. So please put an end to your irrational objection right now.”
Steve only rolled his eyes, but Tony could feel him smiling as he wrapped his lips around his head once more. A groan spilled from Tony’s lips as Steve’s tongue found a particularly sensitive vein, and he was about to open his mouth to say more, but in that moment, the alarm above their heads started to blare.
“I trust you have been studying the proper ball etiquette these past few days?” Stane asked. “We can’t be embarrassed in front of everyone.”
The blunt words brought a light heat to Steve’s skin.
Tony hummed in what might be agreement, and walked further into the room. “I see no one has grown any new body parts,” he announced as he flopped down on the couch next to Steve. “Or burst into flames or something, so we should count that as a win.”
“Well, he’s quite the eye-candy.”
Waited for Tony to finally come home and make sense of all this madness.
“I’m fine,” Steve told Tony, but he didn’t get any reaction. Tony just walked on, not saying anything, and Steve was glad for it. The silence was something he needed. Ever since the explosion, the world has been bright and harsh and deafening, a fact not aided by the pictures still present in his mind. As soon as they stepped into their room, Tony let go of Steve. He walked into the baby room and cautiously put Ian’s sleeping form into his crib.
An eternity later, the door of the car opened. “Get him inside,” someone ordered from afar. “We have basic medical equipment down the stairs, the first door on the left.”
They were quiet for a minute longer. Bucky sighed and sank back against the RV. He put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, patting him a few times. “Okay… wow.”
Dreams had brought them together, but he wasn’t quite sure yet if Tony wanted this to be a full-time thing.
Tony made a sound of mild amusement. “Yes, Steve. Though I admit I thought this would be a bit easier. Actually, I thought you were in love with me.”
home? Really?”
“I get it, Picasso,” Tony said, clipped, as he pulled on his pants with sharp movements. The air felt cold against his skin. There was a lump in his throat and he felt barren and exposed. He knew this wasn’t just a crush anymore, maybe it never had been, and if not with words, his act had just unveiled that part of himself he’d tried to keep secret. To keep himself from being hurt.
The two of them—they’d figure it out eventually. On their own terms.
* * *
“That’s over now,” Natasha promised and when Bucky raised a brow in question, she ground down again, harder, and chuckled with satisfaction when he groaned. His groan turned into a full-out moan of ecstasy when she bit down on his jugular. He took in shallow unneeded breaths, licked his lips and craned his neck back to give her more access, lifting his hips into hers as her movements became more determined.
“We will stand as a united force,” Thor exclaimed, even smiling at Tony and raising Mjolnir like he was toasting him.
Steve raised a brow. “You’re recalling our get-together as ‘without much of a problem’?”
This was a memorial for
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitched. “So you’ll take me to one of your former hook-up establishments? Sneak out in the night when I don’t notice?”
“Uh-uh, you’re aware that nothing good ever happens with those four words.”
Steve’s head spun. The ground was so far away. “She’s gone,” he said, then, more fiercely: “Let me go.
“I’ll be your distraction if you’re mine,” Tony murmured with a private smile, as if he understood him perfectly. And he was close. Christ, he was
Now though, even Steve wouldn’t be able to ignore it any longer. Who Tony was. Who he
Steve swallowed hard. He had to keep a level head. “Please, don’t make me do this.”
A part of Tony wanted to yell at him for that, but he had to admit he had no better solution.
—it shouldn’t be quiet.
He grimaced, and immediately waved a hand in a placating gesture. “And no, that wasn’t another sex joke, just… you alright? Seemed you got a full dose of that stuff.”
“Tony…”
Sometimes he would gasp, say “No,” and nothing else. Sometimes he would stretch against the mattress, his whole body going tense. Sometimes he would reach for something—or
“Yeah, you should’ve,” Steve agreed. “But I wouldn’t worry too much. He’ll be mad for a moment, and then he’ll be cool with it.” He leaned down and pressed a kiss against Tony’s lips. “I told Bucky.”
Glancing over to where Obi’s knocked-out form was still lying on the workshop couch, Tony couldn’t hold back a small chuckle. This was just… hilarious, on so many levels. How Steve had gone into rage-mode and socked one right into Obi’s face about five minutes after meeting him… it was something that would be on Tony’s mind for a whole long while.
TS 3:49 P.M.>Did we rly have sex?
“Bruce, I’m back,” he said into the phone, finally getting a hold of himself, though his voice still came out blurry through lips numb with shock.
Steve opened his mouth to say something in return, but eventually he had to admit that, yes, she did have a point there.
A moment later, someone else trailed into the room.
“I know,” Steve replied. “I want to.”
Tony snorted. “Sure. And he’s also got an ego the size of America.”
“Good seeing you again, my friends,” Thor announced, and there was a little crooked smirk on his face as he took in their grimy appearances. Generously, he waved Mjolnir around, pointing it at Steve last. “I must say, you have looked better. It’s a fortunate thing that Bruce and I have come to your aid in time.”
everything then and there. His uniform, while being unfairly tight, didn’t actually reveal much of anything, but his arousal was still pretty obvious. And if the way Steve’s eyes were all but blown wide with lust—his cheeks flushed, his breathing slightly ragged—was any indication, he was likely just as desperate as Tony.
“Then get in here! The water’s cold, but it’s still bearable.”
Or maybe it was time to go back to the one place he truly belonged. Maybe his brothers had been right all along.
Tony snorted. “Yeah, sure, that’s…” He trailed off and glanced at Steve over his shoulder, a thoughtful frown etched onto his face. “That’s… actually not even a bad idea.”
"I remember," Steve said, recalling that part of the night was easy. He'd been acting on impulse and making a fool of himself, but he hadn’t been all that intoxicated, yet, so the memory of it was as vivid and embarrassing as memories could be. "Tony, please…"
“Yes, because of you,” Barnes said. “He was afraid of you pushing him away. Which is your right to do. But because he’s scared, he keeps being really grumpy about it. And I think he’s lost all hope at some point. And without hope...”
Tony just stared at Steve, wondering what exactly to say. It was a loaded question at that point, so fucking loaded he didn’t even know where to start. Alcohol tended to make him too talkative, so better to dodge the subject altogether.
He’d survived all of that, if just barely. He’d survived, because Bucky had always been by his side.
“Duck!” Natasha was yelling, running towards Tony.
Tony laughed. Steve was a precious human being sometimes, he really was. “What, sex-pollen not made it to your ‘to-read list’, yet? It’s a thing. You should google it. Probably with parental control on, though let’s be clear: I’m not volunteering.”
perfect—and he could not fathom why she chose to be with him, after everything he had done to her.
and Steve would not waste an opportunity like this to save the world.
It was one thing, to co-exist next to each other as best as they could, trying to be friendly, but Steve figured it was another thing entirely for Tony to actually agree to spending time with him.
The comment stung. If only because Steve didn't think he was
Fury stepped forward with a sudden, unexpected incursion of authority. “I didn’t need to tell you anything. Project Insight is a preliminary protection. SHIELD doesn’t need the approval of Captain America for every safety measure put into commission.” He frowned, shaking his head briefly, saying, more to himself, “It was out of my hands. The project was out of my hands the whole damn time.”
Steve grinned and brushed past Tony, tugging at his hand and pulling him along. “Come on. They’re selling tickets in the gift-shop.”
Only when he felt Tony’s hardness against him, Steve stilled. His breath caught and held, and then, Tony penetrated him with a strong surge of his hips, sliding heedlessly into his tight sheath until Steve felt something give and Tony slid in to the hilt. Steve muffled a sharp cry against Tony’s shoulder and sank his nails into his back.
“Out with it,” Steve prompted.
Tony raised a brow in mock-question. So there was a jammer inside the phone. As if that’d keep him. Before he could say something, however, Steve had seemed to come to the same conclusion.
What on earth had he done to make Steve Rogers return those feelings? To make him believe a relationship with Tony would be a good idea. He just—he couldn’t picture it. He had been trying for the past hours, but whenever his mind tried to cook up a scenario where Steve said ‘yes’ to him, it was drawing a blank.
“When did we use so many dishes?” he asked, looking at Tony for an answer.
He sat down on one of the couches and called Stephen Strange’s number, but it was disconnected. Damn. He would have to ask Tony for his number. Which meant that he would have to tell him. Right. He had to start with that.
“Yes,” he said. “And hey, you’re a good-looking guy,” he waved at him with a grin, “all that red skin, and the gem in your head, very 70s. Who wouldn’t want that.”
“Yeah?” Tony asked with a low chuckle. “Glad to hear it’s not just me.”
“You mean… Virginia?” Steve asked, remembering Stane’s words. “‘Pepper’? That’s a bit of an unusual nickname, isn’t it?”
There it was, plain as day: their wedding picture. There was Steve, and Tony—wearing matching tuxes—, and next to them: Bucky and Rhodey as their best men.
“That stuff though…” Tony said, still scrubbing his skin furiously. “It’s like falling into field of stinging nettle and posion ivy which is inhabited by a hive of fire ants. It’s not contagious, Jo confirmed so, but I feel like peeling off my skin.
Tony’s eyes watered, as their thrusts grew harder and more frantic. Steve was going to knock the life out of him, but Tony didn’t care. At this point, nothing mattered but staying as close to him as he could.
“Tony’s full of shit,” Natasha said on an eye-roll. “Time travel might influence your memories and your behavior, true, but it doesn’t turn you into different people.”
His train of thought derailed when Tony came into the living room. Thankfully, he was wearing a fresh pair of jeans and a new shirt. He dropped down on the couch right next to Steve in a way that had him lying with his head in Steve’s lap. He smiled, a real genuine smile, not the carefully guarded one Steve usually saw on his face. There was even a long dimple slashing down his cheek, his eyes lighting up. Brown eyes, vivid and adoring.
It was strange, though. Neither Nat nor Bucky seemed to see anything different about him. He was still wearing his armor, after all, which was decidedly torn and battle-stained.
It was like being a kid all over again; the first thrill of discovery, the majesty of science that had always been so far beyond him. The color flared all the more bright, now pink and orange, vibrant shades of purple. In the distance, the haunting cry of animals paid homage to the sight, their calls increasing in pitch and urgency in response to the chaotic flickering in the sky.
“Your ring.” Tony raised his hand where a golden band was glimmering in the dim light. “I’ve got mine. Where’s yours?”
There was a slight… flush… forming on Tony’s skin. He tried to avert his gaze without outward turning around, but then he seemed to decide to stand his ground instead.
Steve’s grin turned a little softer, and he leaned in to press a short kiss on Tony’s mouth. “Good, wouldn’t want you to let me go either,” he agreed, looking at Tony with reverence, before he caught movement right next to the HYDRA base. They were regrouping for another attack. “Or, on a second thought…”
“No, it’s… Thank you, Peps,” Tony replied after clearing his throat. “It’s all good. Listen, I just need to do some groundwork on myself before joining the party. I kinda told Steve I’d meet him beforehand and I forgot how late it was and—”
Tony entwined their fingers, and went down on his knees next to Steve.
“You have no idea how much I’ve wanted to hear that.”
“Got an itch?” Steve called, a bit dumbfounded. The wind was so loud now they sometimes had trouble understanding each other.
Steve jolted sideward, trying to be fast enough before the phone went a second time. He disentangled both arms from Tony’s upper body, flexing his fingers before holding the device in front of his frowning face. With a long exhale, Steve’s pupils flew over whatever message had appeared on the display. After a minute, he tossed the phone back on the nightstand, momentarily allowing his temper to get the best of him. His jaw tightened, his brows drew together in a firm line and his hand shook with how tight he was gripping the pillow beneath him.
“For seventy years HYDRA has been secretly feeding crisis. Reaping war. And when history did not cooperate, history was changed.”
Once they’d left the corridor, Bucky walked over to the fridge, opening it and looking inside for a moment, before he retrieved two beers. He came back to the sofa area, sitting down next to Steve.
Then he rose to his knees slowly, intently, never once breaking his eyes away from Steve’s. He was watching him closely, as though daring him to make a move. Steve didn’t. He couldn’t. He couldn’t even blink or twitch or frown.
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
And the next thing Tony knew, his back was pressed into the couch. Steve straddled his knees and before Tony could say something to that, Steve’s tongue had already plundered his mouth.
Steve forced a smile to his lips, even while his thoughts darkened. He glanced at Wanda, and she looked right back at him. The discontented look in her eyes didn’t sit well with him at all.
Steve swallowed. “That’s great. Thank you. I didn’t expect anything.”
“Can wait,” Tony interrupted. “Anyone needs medical?”
“Well, maybe, but I…” He stopped himself when he saw the first hint of disappointment on Steve’s face, realizing that while he didn’t particularly like the idea of becoming the metaphorical and literal butt end of the team’s jokes, he knew he could never say ‘no’ to Steve. He had no idea where they stood with each other, didn’t even know if Steve wanted him to stay, but he wanted to make the most of the time they’d have. And that meant he could get through some teasing so long as Steve was with him just a little longer.
And the Mansion… It really was like living in the lap of luxury and opulence. He’d known, of course, that Tony was very rich, but he never could’ve envisioned this grandeur.
SR 6:01 P.M.>I’m sorry
“He modified their code. Their orders are still wired into them. They need to be taken down.”
Tony reached for his hand, pulling him up and into his arms. “Not about you,” he assured Steve. He grimaced and took a deep breath. “I’m happy that you want this, elated, joyful, really, but… Look, it wasn’t just the one agency that dropped us. They all did. It was difficult from the start, nearly impossible with being superheroes, fighting all the time, but with Ultron…” He sighed. “Half the world thinks we’re a group of lunatics practicing vigilante justice. A few call us serial killers. No one will let us adopt a kid. Money won’t change that.”
was locked?” he breathed.
The Infinity Stones, on the other hand, were still blazing with life. And while Gamora tried to yank at the Gauntlet still attached to Nebula’s left hand, it was futile. Stephen Strange held the Stones steady, but Nebula had already sunk on the floor, her body limp and lifeless.
He fell silent, looking for the right words and Tony felt his heart hammering inside his chest. “And what?”
“Shit, I’m sorry,” Tony whispered, kissing Ian’s forehead in apology.
It might be wrong, but it was only a dream. And dreams weren’t doing harm to anyone.
Steve thought bitterly, his insides churning painfully. “But the conference is—”
Only a few minutes later, Steve watched as Bucky and Bruce were peacefully chopping fruits on the left side of the kitchen. While Bruce had just sliced his second apple in half, Bucky was about to turn his sixth into perfect tiny cubes, the knife all but flying over the fruit with intense concentration.
Tony snorted and leaned back to look at Steve fully. “Sassmonster.”
When Tony realized it was Steve who was towering over them, he had a moment of startling comprehension. And then his eyes went wide as saucers.
“I’ve got you,” Tony said, pulling him out.
“But we’re not only friends,” Tony concluded.
With his body this over-sensitive, Tony's thrusts were on the verge of painful, but Steve wouldn't tell him to stop, not when it was clear he was ready to pop. Steve couldn't think of anything he wanted right now more than to feel Tony come inside of him. Whenever it was Steve topping, it felt amazing, and Tony seemed to love it.
“Technically, we’re not in your house,” Steve said, his voice strained.
There was a beat of silence. Then, “I think you’re wrong about that.”
Not only was it Steve—but also a very grumpy Steve, with a deep frown on his forehead.
“Glad you’re so interested in your team’s future,” Tony said with a scoff, and got a tiny ball of paper thrown at his forehead for his trouble. He pooled the moist thing off his skin, disgusted. “What are you, twelve?”
A sharp pang struck deep inside and the air around Tony grew thick. Tears threatened to overwhelm him again, but he refused to shed them. He’d cried for hours on Titan, his fingers brushing along the soft ashes on the ground. He’d cried all the way over to Earth.
“Me too,” Tony confessed, pressing a kiss on Steve’s lips.
“They provoked me!”
“It was the
Bucky, of course, almost only asked questions about the USO girls—and Peggy. He wanted to know if he’d kissed her, what she’d said in what order, and while Steve felt himself blushing a little, his thoughts kept drifting back to the man in his dreams.
His hands shot upward, gripping Tony’s shoulder and pushing him back. He tried not to be too harsh, tried to keep his movements gentle, but he needed to get Tony off him or this would end very badly.
Bucky cleared his throat. “That’s nice. Really. But can we please get back to something that might be potentially relevant to everyone here and not your daytime drama that is—don’t get me wrong—not all that entertaining.”
Tony’s hands were trembling but certain. He cupped Steve’s face tenderly and searched his eyes for a long, endless moment before he pressed his lips to Steve’s. And Steve melted into him, and the taste of him sent a long, coursing moan through his system.
a kid,” Tony snapped, even as his shoulders slumped.
“Okay,” Steve confirmed and promptly pressed his mouth to Tony’s. He wound both arms around his waist and hauled Tony into his lap.
He raised a brow and looked over to him. “And you’re always an example of perfect behavior.”
It was easy to see that Steve tried hard to school his expression into something neutral. And that probably meant that Tony wasn’t gonna like whatever plan they’d come up with while he’d been unconscious.
Carol stuttered before she leaned forward intently, pushing a finger against Bucky’s chest. “Next time you decide to out people in front of their boyfriends, stop and think for a second how that makes them feel, buddy, alright? I needed more time to tell him!”
Steve took a steady breath. “No,” he whispered and kissed him.
Tony raised an eyebrow. “And after that?”
“Yeah,” he said, then heaved a great breath. “Fury will brief us on the details, but… whoever attacked the base, they got Clint.”
At that, he bucked beneath her, pulling his knee up underneath her ass so that he could throw her off him. She braced her fall with her hands, pushing herself up almost before she touched the ground, back on her feet in the time it took him to climb to his own.
The night truly was a perfect archetype for ultimate realization. As the rain washed the old world away, cleansing the earth of the many robots, Tony hovered in steady acceptance. The chaos he’d inflicted was everywhere around him. The horror and losses, the pain he’d caused so many had officially come full circle.
Tony was kissing him and kissing him, his hands moving over Steve’s hair, his face, delicately moving over his skin in achingly gentle touches. Touches which never moved below his collarbone, as if he had no right to Steve’s body.
“Admit it, you always wanted to do that,” Bucky said, to which Tony only answered with a toothy grin.
“It wasn’t Tony who had his doubts,” Steve clarified without missing a beat. “It was me. I haven’t even told him I want it, yet. The whole time I wasn’t sure if I was ready… and now…”
The transition, it seemed, finally jarred Steve out of his stupor. “How…” he started, then seemed to be at a loss for words.
Tony chuckled. “Well, that’s on me. If we Starks aren’t careful, we have whole head of curls. Sorry, baby.”
“Wasn’t really my doing,” Steve answered.
“You’ve always wanted to see this room, haven’t you, Mister Rogers?”
“I can’t,” he said without hesitation.
Tony wasn’t sure if he should answer that, but then again, why the hell not. “Guess we needed a break, too,” he said meekly, smiling. “Not many of us around anymore.”
Steve's hands settled on Tony's ass as soon as he got a lap-full of him, and he watched him with admiration as he spoke. He still felt a little guilty for making Tony's life harder, but it wasn't easy to keep that track of thought when Tony ground against him. And when he mentioned fucking on Tony's CEO desk, well… That stirred a reaction, even as Steve laughed at the audacity of it.
Tony nodded and led him to the bed. He made him sit down, and followed suit right after. “I wish I could do something.”
“Come on, Tones,” Rhodes prompted, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “We fixed up your old room for you.”
“What?” Steve asked, staring down at him. “Don’t be stupid.” As he ran, he made a vague gesture at Natasha, and Tony saw her talking to someone on the phone.
What… what was going on?
There was a long beat of silence; any hint of jollity falling from Barnes’ eyes without much incentive. “No,” he said softly. “It just confuses me. I want it but I have trouble grasping all of this. It’s too much, too fast.”
. To lick his wounds in peace, and not have anyone pity him for having fallen for the one person who would likely rather stop dating altogether before they would give
Steve licked his lips, not knowing what to say—not knowing if he should say anything at all. If it were his choice, they’d be doing this over and over again. In variations, sure, but this… God, he wanted this more than anything.
The hangar seemed eerily quiet as Steve and Tony padded down the gangway. The others were already sitting in the Quinjet, sans only Sam—and Natasha, who was anxiously walking up and down next to the rear hedge, phone in hand.
Steve gave a curt nod, needing to trust that Tony knew what the armor could take. He grabbed Natasha and Clint, pulling them with him, down under the cover. He pulled up his shield, hovering it over all of their heads as best as he could. Above them, Tony threw himself over the grid to give them more protection—and he couldn’t have taken a second longer, because then, the room above them was encased in fire. Debris fell down on the ground, smoke filling the air.
A van came to a squeaky halt, kicking up a dust cloud. Steve smiled when he saw Pietro and Wanda step up to them, Clint in tow.
That had Tony laughing. “I won’t spoil that for you.”
“You all right?” Tony asked her. She startled a little, something he’d never seen her do. She looked as nervous as he’d ever seen her.
Tony sighed. “See those big doors at the top of the loading ramp there?” he said and looked at Clint. “They should all be milling around behind that, that’s where the bio-weapons are, and they’re waiting to rush out when their commander gives the word. Shoot one of your smoke-arrows in when the doors open and you’ll have a great little party going.”
Tony smirked at Steve’s words. He was right, of course, Tony berated himself. They
Tony nodded as well. He turned around, made to leave, then stopped and faced Steve again. “If this is about me—I’m not even going to be around much in the mansion anyway. We wouldn’t have to see each other often.”
Bucky was very still for a long moment and Steve reached over to grasp his shoulder. He didn't know what to say. It was easy to see how much it moved Bucky that someone would think to make his life easier this way. The set of his jaw was evidence enough that he was exerting some self control to not react on emotion alone.
The hair, those lips, the perfectly groomed goatee…
Natasha sure didn’t believe in beating around the bush. She watched Tony while toying with the spoon that rested inside her untouched bowl of cereal.
Leaning over while making sure he wasn't pushing Tony's body into any odd or uncomfortable position, he let his face hover over Tony's. "What do
Tony grabbed for one of the tablets, opening the project so he could track the changes Bruce was making. “Didn’t know you made any new friends, Brucie. Thought we were the Solitude-Brothers.”
Scott smiled. “Thanks, man.”
wanted to do that,” Tony commented, eyeing the bottle critically as if it was gonna bite him.
Naturally, whenever Steve heard that line, he only raised his shield a little higher, aiming it at the speaker. “Don’t think I’ll be doing that.”
But he didn’t really need an answer to that. When he spotted Steve running away from a giant alien-bulb in the middle of the street, Tony already saw the thick dust spreading all over the place.
Steve didn’t break eye contact. “I’ve got time.”
“I downloaded the Camp’s map, the signal comes from the ammunition bunker,” Tony said, his eyes brown once more. He sat up and turned the tablet in his lap around. “How much do you remember about the place?” he asked Steve with a soft voice.
“You’re being awfully hard on yourself. What the hell happened?”
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
And he loved human devastation.
“But… that’s
The man in his arms might have a dark side—a truly terrifying one, inspiring fear and anguish and guilt in the people that deserved it. And yet, there was also a fierce light shining within him, illuminating his kindness, his loyalty, his strength.
“It definitely is,” Steve said, grinning before he planted a wet and open-mouthed kiss on Tony’s tight-pressed mouth, then blindly slapped a hand on the elevator’s button. Instead of pulling back, Tony fake-moaned, loud and very obscene, before he poked his tongue out and swiped it all across Steve’s lower lip. Steve simply kept kissing him, laughing.
He felt Tony grin against his bony shoulder. “Did I give you the impression it wasn’t?”
“No,” Natasha replied with a soft tone. She walked around the sofa and smiled her always-a-little-crooked smile when she looked down at him. “Don’t know what you boys are fretting over now, but I know you’re a smart guy, Tony, so I suggest you make up with him before it gets bigger than it has to be.”
Tony shrugged, dismissing his apology. “Wasn’t really sleeping. My back hurts like hell. For whatever reason, Extremis doesn’t take care of that. Who was it?”
Either way, the lack of communication could only mean that SHIELD had been compromised. Steve was right, there were simply too many loose ends.
Bucky frowned. “Bullshit.” He got up and fetched another beer from the fridge. Once he came back, he sat down in front of Steve, looking at him with a far more serious expression. “You two… you’re… absolutely nauseating. You’re so sickeningly in love with each other, I can’t imagine a little bit of time travel would suddenly convince Tony this wasn’t a good idea. When I said it started way before 2018, I mean Tony, too. Not that I’ve known him back then, but he talked about it, at your wedding, and he said he’d sometimes wished he could go back and just kiss you when you met, because that might’ve been one of the first things going through his head.”
“I could die right now,” Tony murmured. “Wouldn’t mind a bit. This is far better than Heaven. Couldn’t ask for more.”
He could. And he would. At some point.
Tony took a deep breath, and nodded, moving the scanner above Barnes’ head. It was easy to access the implants, easy to shut them down, even. It was the moments afterwards that mattered—and he had no idea what would await them on the other side.
Tony had come over for a surprise visit. They'd done a fair share of catching up and…
“Only if you want to, of course. I just know that my best ideas come to me when I’m here. And I’d like the company.”
Natasha shook her head. She balanced a tablet on top of her knees. “No. Vienna is pretty much shut down at the moment, but they haven’t found anyone yet.”
“I said:
Quickly, Natasha replaced his position. She grabbed Barnes by the stringy brown hairs and pulled. The shooter yelped and fell on his back, his blue eyes wide, as Natasha straddled his upper body to hold him down.
Steve shook his head and frowned. “I… we don’t need to stop there. I just… I’ve never seen it before and I had always planned to go there sometimes. That doesn’t have to be now, it’s fine.”
Those people had never stopped being friends, and Bucky was glad for it. He simply didn’t know where he fit into that picture, now more so than ever.
The second he came to a halt right next to Tony, Tony all but… dropped. He slumped forward, down on his knees, and the gauntlet that had just been about to shoot a hole through Bucky’s head came to a rest on top of his heart instead. He balled Bucky’s uniform up between his fingers, as he let his head sink.
“I love you,” he said, his own eyes widening along with Tony’s.
“No, it’s…” Steve shook his head as if to clear it. Some part of him desperately wanted to reach out and hug that past version of Tony, tell him that he wouldn’t be alone forever, that
Barnes drew back, and looked at him for a moment longer, before he nodded.
Tony scoffed, but didn’t say anything. When Barnes was finished, he offered the Scotch to him, and after a moment’s contemplation, Tony accepted and took a sip straight from the bottle as well.
“Spider-Man,” Rhodey informed him.
The suites at SI were huge. The foyer housed a large sofa area and a spacious balcony. There were two bathrooms, and also two bedrooms.
“Would you let me be the judge of that?” Steve asked.
"I don't believe we've been introduced," Steve spoke, his voice much sharper than Stane’s as he offered his hand to the man. He may have taken a step forward, as well, to put himself between Tony and Stane, even if a little bit, but that wouldn't be worth mentioning. "I'm Steve Rogers. I understand you're Tony's godfather?"
“Getting there,” he said, squinting at his surroundings. A nightstand beside the bed held a lamp. He started to reach for it and groaned again.
Unaffected by the rebuke, Natasha went on. “If I had told you, right the moment you woke up at SHIELD, what do you think would’ve happened?” she asked, her voice now thick with emotions. “You would’ve gone searching for him. You would’ve given up your
,” Tony stated, his tone incredulous as he rubbed a hand over his forehead. “Laura’s your
Bucky was
Tony stared at the two men in front of him. “This is… the single most stupid thing anyone has ever asked of me.”
The man chuckled. “Nothing quite like taking up a new one before the sheets get cold, huh? What’s he like?”
Tony nodded and cupped Steve’s cheeks with both hands. They both sat leaning towards each other, but even that small space between them seemed too much. Drawing nearer, he saw Steve’s eyes had focused on something he couldn’t see, but the expression on his face spoke of horrors beyond imagination. Tony remembered the blood leaving his body, remembered those stab wounds, and the pain was a distant hum, but the pure despair in Stephanus’ eyes wasn’t.
Steve was keenly aware of Tony’s eyes on him as he walked around and took everything in. The lightness in his eyes was back, but it seemed fragile at best.
A heavy pause, and Steve could do nothing but stare at the man in front of him, trying not to show the fear those words inspired within him.
had to identify her. Friends of mine told me her body was completely broken and rotten. They tell me he spilled his guts out right on the floor next to her.”
. He almost yelled for JARVIS to tell whoever was calling to go fuck himself and then remembered: The Congress was meeting today. Shit, he was supposed to be back in DC by noon.
Tony closed his eyes, because the bright lights in this room were all kinds of wrong, and mumbled with a small smile, “Doctor’s orders?”
“I’m good. Promise.”
There was a heavy pause.
Tony’s hands were dipping beneath the waistband of his pants to outline the swell of his bottom. A rough sound left Steve’s lips as he shifted his lower body so that, in another moment, he was moving in clumsy counterpoint to the sway of Tony’s hips. He was likely going too fast, too uncoordinated: an ungainly thrust instead of sinuous movements
Were they fighting in their minds? Aside from the black eyes, it didn’t look as if Ultron was overly distracted, but then again… he was the world’s most advanced supercomputer. He could do just about anything right now, and Steve wouldn’t know.
Tony didn’t see the problem. Of course it was risky for Steve, but they could be careful. On paper, Tony might still be a minor, but he was old enough to know damn well what he wanted. His eighteenth birthday was only a good six months away and if that was all that separated this from being legal, then Tony would gladly damn all regulations to hell.
Steve felt a deep, racking shudder go through Tony when he pressed down on him even further. He was shaking continuously now and so was Steve, so turned on that it was almost painful.
“I know!” Tony said harshly.
The Detective had only whispered the words, and yet, they felt like a stab to Tony’s heart.
being a superhero.
The next second, Barnes’ metal fist smashed right into Steve’s cheekbone.
“Don’t
“You love it.”
don’t understand.”
Steve sighed lowly. At least Tony hadn’t called them assclowns again. As far as he knew.
Tony snorted as he punched Steve’s shoulder. Then, he walked back around the kitchen counter and pointed to the raw turkey. “Should we get that thing in the oven now?”
His hand encircled the base of Steve’s erection, holding him in position when his hips did a little jerk forward. A small, confident smile stretched Tony’s lips, his tongue lapping at the silky head of his cock. With his hand, he pumped him steadily, his eyes drawn to Steve’s face ever so often, memorizing every gasp, every moan. He loved the way he whimpered, and the feeling of his hand weaving through his hair, tenderly massaging his scalp.
Bruce stepped up next to them. “Coming to terms.”
Steve had his best friend back, and one day Barnes would accept him back in his life, and they could all go back to normal. Tony could go back to actually having a husband—and regular sex—and cuddles in the morning—and
Steve felt Bucky’s body tense. He was clenching his hands into fist, his whole body shaking. “I’m fine, Buck. Really. Tony and I… we’ll push through.”
“Yeah?” Rhodey offered with a puzzled expression.
Steve’s eyebrow lifted as his gaze roved over Tony’s body. “You look better.”
He had to
“Good?” Steve’s voice was small and timid.
Tony nodded, pulling Steve even closer. They smiled against each other’s mouths while Steve wrapped his own hand around Tony’s, covering his wedding ring protectively.
He was stretching himself, Steve realized. And the sight surely was too much for one human mind to handle. All that olive skin, that arch of his body, the wings—
“And I know you can’t do this,” he started, staring into distance. “But I… I just wanna say that I don’t regret it.” He smiled, forced himself to, really. “Kissing you was great. Greater than pretty much everything I’ve ever done so far so… yeah. I don’t regret it.”
“You know, I never imagined it would be like this… with you.”
“Least that way we won’t end up bleeding all over the floor,” Steve said. He quickly grew silent, the words too portentous after all. “Sorry.”
“I’m not JARVIS,” Vision said, all of a sudden. And although the words themselves were laced with meaning, his voice stayed neutral to the point of pain.
. You made me believe that the Hulk isn’t just a green rage monster, that what happened to me might’ve happened because the Hulk was needed. So let me do this now. I’m going to be struggling too much for Ross to be able to do much with the others,” Bruce continued, gaze focused on Tony. “And you’ll have to try not to be obvious about helping them. No swoon eyes for either of you.” He pointed at Tony, then Natasha. “Then you can get Steve outta there.”
“He said he wanted to see an empire fall,” Bucky told him after another moment. “With these guys he can do it. They speak thirty languages, can hide in plain sight, infiltrate, assassinate, destabilize, They can take a whole country down in one night. You’d never see them coming.”
“Yeah.”
“It’s okay,” Steve said, smiling. “Come tomorrow, we’ll take a few days just for us. But today we want everyone to have a good time. Celebrate a little.”
He still saw T’Chaka’s son behind closed eyelids. The anguish, the hurt, and the beginnings of something very dangerous. The beginnings of rage and a fierce wish for vengeance.
“Not cool, Picasso,” he snapped, slapping a hand against Steve’s chest for good measure, but he already knew there was no use in fighting. Besides, this was oddly nice, he thought. Warm, and kind of comfortable. He let his head fall on Steve’s shoulder with a tired sigh, vaguely noticing that they were nearing the dormitories.
Tony didn’t let himself be swayed. He continued his movements, and Steve’s cock began a slow slip and slide from his hole, as Tony clenched around him fiercely.
“Before we eat, I just wanted to say that Tony and I… we figured out a plan.”
“I know,” Steve said and tried for a smile as he leaned down and kissed Tony’s lips softly. “I was so worried.”
-wrong, although my dad sure as hell thinks so, but… it just… it doesn’t feel right. I don’t have exactly much experience, and what I have wasn’t… good. And,” he inhaled a low breath, and tried to keep his voice steady. “Sometimes, being normal would’ve been easier. Sometimes, it sure does feel wrong.”
“Nice,” Tony murmured as the doors opened and revealed a huge workshop. The lights went on and the room felt almost somberly quiet. When Bucky trailed past Tony into the large front parlor with a deep bowed window, he saw Tony’s hands trembling slightly. Could he be nervous? When was he ever?
And now, the damn phone was ringing. At two fucking a.m.
“I want that,” he said, clearing his throat. “Both of it. The team is… I missed fighting the good fight. Every time I heard you guys stepped out, I was pretty much insufferable.” He took a deep breath, pressing his lips close to Steve’s head and kissing his earlobe. And
Steve breathed in sharply, his heart in his throat. What he wanted was to tell Hammer to go without him—that he didn’t care to work for him in the first place, but it was no use. He needed the money.
Steve will come back as well.”
Of course Steve wouldn’t just come back from his trip—he’d switch places with his future self.
Before he knew what was happening, his treacherous hand had reached the back of Tony’s head, his fingers grazing his hair with an odd combination of curiosity and nervousness. Even if the room around him remained imagined,
“Good thinking,” Tony commented as he settled on top of Steve’s thighs. Looking down at him, he realized he still hadn’t gotten used to seeing Steve like this. Sprawled out naked in front of him, his cock hard and flushed against his stomach, and those blue eyes staring at him with such intense focus, it was… almost too much. He was intoxicated with Steve’s scent, having a hard time thinking about anything other than how Steve would feel inside. How he would feel against him, his breath hot on Tony’s skin, and just imagining it had Tony irrevocably lost.
“Winter Soldier,” she corrected herself, then whirled suddenly, one skilled foot catching him sharply across the temple. The blow knocked him backwards, and he almost fell down the stairs as he watched her run back to the car. He righted himself at the last moment and darted past her. He tried to catch her, but she was a blur of color, evading his attacks easily. When she finally faced him, the knives in her hand almost found his heart several times, and it was sheer dexterity and his rigorous training that allowed him to duck away in time. She was lissome, and the movements of her assault were delightfully smooth. It was like dancing, she moved like a ballerina, and seemed to anticipate his every move.
“That’s good,” he looked around at everyone, “thank you, for getting me back.”
idea.
Steve bit his lip. “I didn’t mean to—”
Tony’s raised a brow curiously. “What is it?”
— André Gide
Now, only Rhodey remained, and Rhodey’s presence never bothered him. He allowed Tony to be, and they had passed the time together, side-by-side. And Tony could admit that he needed him around. He needed someone strong to sit beside him, to offer him support.
When Steve looked for Tony again, he saw him standing at the sidelines. His gaze was still off in the distance somewhere and his face was like a careful constructed mask of stone.
“Nothing I can’t take,” Steve said.
life, Tony didn’t like him. He wasn’t Tony’s friend.
TS 2:28 P.M.>Next interview coming up, ttyl
he thought and suddenly, he staggered, trying to keep his balance, then found a hard surface taking form under his feet. Things began to shape themselves out of the blackness.
There was the picture of a young Afro-American boy, one of those photographs that were likely printed in a yearbook.
“Giving me a phone was a dick-move, Rogers. You knew I couldn’t resist.”
“Boss, she—”
“Poor darling,” Steve murmured as he looked down at Ian’s sleeping face. It looked like he had calmed down for now, his breathing even, his features soft and without any tension.
“Are you even happy?”
that Steve hadn’t been wholly unaffected by Tony’s advances, but this—this was making things pretty clear, wasn’t it?
Strange. In his life, warmth was not supposed to exist. And yet, for everything, the comfort of Nat’s embrace was all around him. She was breaking his barriers, one by one.
The world, however, refused to sleep today. The void eating away at his insides showed no mercy and no matter how much effort he put into dulling it all—he couldn’t.
, Tony hummed.
Being with him was unexplainable. It always had been. He’d just been too busy with being Tony’s friend to realize how much more he wanted. And the sensation welling inside him was so deep, so painfully present, that it could only be love.
Tony raised an eyebrow, taking in the hardened features on Steve’s face. Whatever his future was like… it seemed he was adamant on keeping it.
“Sure you are, Cap,” Tony replied.
It didn’t matter. No matter how difficult the confrontation might be, Tony knew it would only grow worse if he kept mulling it over. The more he thought about it, the harder it became to find a reason why Steve would come here. This bar was a place to hook up for casual sex or, sometimes, for a new relationship. It wasn’t the ‘I just want to socialize’ kind of place, coming here
“So you think it’s not our future,” he prompted, looking straight at Tony.
Or at least, that’s what Tony thought.
How was he? He just… was. There was no ‘how’ to answer.
“Okay?” Tony asked, and Steve nodded. He laced his fingers through Tony’s and caressed his mouth in a loving kiss, then grabbed himself and slowly began to slide inside.
Steve smiled far too pleasantly. “You won’t have to,” he said, “because I can always override the codes by putting in the main code.”
Gently, Tony picked up both of his hands and lightly kissed each knuckle. “You’re perfect,” he said, still smiling. “Stop looking like you did something wrong. Come here.”
* * *
“Sure. It’s every farmer’s dream,” he commented dryly.
There. Easy words. Words even Barnes should be able to understand.
was written in what he could only guess was Tony's best attempt at legible handwriting. "That's it? You're the first true A.I. in the world, scientific wonder, and he's got you on delivery-boy status?" Steve chuckled at the thought and patted DUM-E's arm. "Thanks, buddy."
Natasha smiled kindly, and when she looked at Clint, they said in tandem, “Basically no training.”
A few minutes later, the heavenly scent of coffee warmed the air. In his other hand, Rhodey carried a sandwich, and immediately, Tony’s stomach turned.
and who looked so intimidating that Steve would’ve loved to simply drag Tony out of here and never return.
TS 5:29 P.M.>We have a date
Tony bit his lip, touching Steve’s cheek. “We… we could do this. I mean… you want it, right? This? Us?”
aliens.”
Well, she was one to talk. It felt as if he was harder than he’d ever been and he let loose a heavy sigh of relief when Natasha unzipped his jeans. She leaned up slightly and seemed to almost forget her mission as he continued to pump his fingers inside her but then she opened her eyes and remembered. She slipped his cock out of his pants, smiling as she glanced down. Her hand slid upwards and she rolled her thumb over the head, swirling the tiny bead of precome around.
So he leaned forward and took Tony’s hand in his. He brushed its back with his thumb, a delicate, helpless touch. “You’re not crazy, I would never laugh at you and… And I would love to try. Camping… and the other thing, too.”
. He couldn’t have stopped himself if he wanted to. With slow, predatory steps, he stalked forward, eyes slanted and primed on the Detective. He watched as the man stiffened with surprise, his big muscled body tensing up and his hands tightening on the crowbar as a low gasp slid past his lips.
Tony however, didn’t want to ‘Live The Future’, as Mr Jameson kept proselytizing. It was hard enough just living in this present.
"Tony?" he called after him, but it didn't slow him down. If anything, Tony seemed to be more in a hurry than before. Steve followed, but by the time he reached the elevator, the doors had closed.
Steve reached for his hand, held it. “I can drink some Earl grey.”
Air fought to fill Steve’s lungs and every word that came to mind choked in his throat. He couldn’t think straight, not with Stane’s black eyes boring into his.
Goddammit, he shouldn't be yelling at Tony in this situation but it seemed he couldn't help himself.
Without saying anything, he held out his hand to take the bottle back.
“He never did with me.” The little smile rising to her lips seemed a little bit too self-conscious for Tony’s comfort.
"Are you saying you love me?" he asked, aiming for a tease, though his tone sounded more hopeful than anything else.
Steve smiled widely. “Yeah.” After a moment, however, the edge of humor dissipated and a frowned took hold of Steve’s face. “So, uh,” he said lowly, voice degrees graver than before, and Tony instantly felt a shadow subduing his happiness.
“Engine room is secure.”
“Don’t you think someone would’ve said something about this?” Clint asked, shining his flashlight around to investigate as they descended the stairs. “I mean, this seems like something someone should’ve said something about.”
They didn’t spend a lot of time in the Washington Square Park area. While Steve was awed by all those remarkable events that had taken place here—the George Washington monument, the eternal flame in front of the huge grave for all those nameless soldiers, and the park itself—but it was also unbearably hot outside and after half an hour, they were back in the RV.
“Did Tony ask you to come by and look after me?” he wanted to know and a small, shy smile spread over Rhodey’s face as he nodded.
For two years, Tony hadn’t let himself worry about Steve. All of these months that had passed since Steve had left were restlessly spent. More often than not, he’d tried to fall asleep to the sound of the television blaring. To Friday reciting some kind of formula. To DUM-E’s whirring. To rotating the burner phone—always charged, always at hand—between his fingers. To
, but… at times, there had been so much sadness and fear in Tony’s eyes, and he hadn’t known why, but it had been there nevertheless.
The words were hauntingly beautiful, and strangely familiar, but they were kissing again before Bucky could question their origin.
Tony frowned. “Like… a normal conversation?”
“Fuck,” Tony panted. “Only you ever managed to do that to me, I swear to God…”
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
“Aye,” Thor said between bites, a tiny self-satisfied smile on his face.
“I would’ve killed him if he hadn’t been strong enough to stop me.”
“I want to.” He murmured it into his mouth, pleading. “
“What was your name again?” Tony asked, only then realizing that the man had never actually introduced himself. It hadn’t mattered
Slowly, Steve brushed a finger along Tony’s cheekbone and he… wondered. He wondered about the same thing he’d wondered about for the last few days. Had Tony really done it? Had he really killed his wife as he’d told him?
Steve drew a deep breath and willed himself closer to the office door. The reaction from those he passed was noteworthy, but otherwise ignored. He knew he probably didn’t look all that happy.
“Why not?”
He still had a hard time grasping how any of this was possible. Why they’d been given that chance to meet again, all those thousands years later. It had to be a coincidence, right? The fact that they were here now, with Steve being frozen for over seventy years, it was insane.
* * *
And Extremis… was gone. He felt it with every fiber of his body and for the first time in many months, Tony really wished for something to drink. For something to dull that void.
" he huffed, half dreaming still. The room was quiet, nothing moved except for the gentle motion of the air under the ceiling fan. Steve had to force himself to loosen his fists into a more lax state. He was panting heavily, mostly shaken. His whole body felt sweaty.
"I'll go. You guys wait here. Sam, see if we have any more snacks in the main kitchen," he said even as he was turning on his heels and heading for the stairs that'd take him to the foyer and the front door.
Tony smiled against his skin.
God, so much
Yeah, Steve thought with a low breath, he’d really missed looking at Tony. He’d missed everything. He’d missed the way Tony trembled when he moaned. He missed his way with words. And he'd missed the feeling of Tony’s erection in his hand.
“You’re really coming here, of all places,” Tony whispered, disbelievingly. He reached for his tablet, and Steve’s blue eyes followed his gaze expectantly.
Rhodey frowned as he looked at Tony. “For us, it’s only been three days since the two of you fell through the portal. We wasted time trying to find the right one. Stephen managed to identify it today and we opened it right away.”
“Yes, but you were trying to show me that we couldn’t let them put all of this down on us just like this, and you were right about it. I should’ve talked to you sooner.”
was his. Completely. Unconditionally. And even though he’d yet to say the words, Steve knew that Tony loved him, too. Enough to die for him, apparently. Enough to sacrifice himself for Steve without asking for anything back at all. Oh yes, Steve understood now. He had worked through the shock and disbelief and horror, and seen who Tony truly was, and come out the other side with an understanding of what it was to love and to love truly.
Steve smiled. “I know what you did. What you’re still doing. With the Congress, and Bucky. I was… I couldn’t really think about anything else but Bucky in the last weeks, but I haven’t been blind. And I’m so grateful.”
Once they had landed, Tony flew just above street level, opening doors and windows until every family in the central districts was ushered to leave the city. They had split up, with Steve, Thor and Bruce working to direct the cars leaving the city via the many bridges, Clint, Sam and the Maximoff kids evacuating the residential areas, and Tony and Vision scouting high in the air. He stayed close to the others, but from up here, he could see Sokovia extending in all directions. For a city this large, there was surprisingly little light, not at all like the near-constant brightness of New York.
Tony cast him a crooked grin. “You know, for two guys who don’t really prioritize ethics, this is a fairly large dilemma.”
Steve was still for a moment, then nodded. “Okay.”
Steve huffed, flashing a little smile, before Tony felt the welcoming pressure of his hand on his lower back. “I’m sure they were.”
“I’m seeing you, too,” he told Tony softly.
, the phone was still lying on his desk, and no, it wouldn’t magically disappear just because he wished it so.
It had… both proved to be a great help, seeing how Tony wasn’t dead weight whenever he needed to research something during a mission… but—if Steve was perfectly honest—it was also an even greater annoyance. Tony was now often losing himself in this network inside his head, in this endless world he could access via the virus, and it was…
Because at the end of the day, only one thing truly mattered.
It had only been days—a few short days—since they had been together like this. And yet so much had happened. Things had changed. Steve’s mouth worshipped Tony’s throat with reverent, desperate kisses, and he was pushing into him with deep, arresting strokes.
And now, Barnes just looked incredibly small—even diminished, somehow. There were the new, more colorful scars and bruises, but there were also... Hundreds of older ones. Scratch wounds, burns, cuts, gunshot wounds... Barnes' body was a canvas of the life he'd been forced to live, and the sight wasn't pretty.
Barnes would be removed from their control and Steve’d likely only see him again at the trial, if there ever was one. And then, he would be put in some cell, never to resurface and everything Steve had fought for would have been for nothing. Rationally, Tony knew that it would be for the best. It was safer for Steve and the rest of the team. And yet he couldn’t let it happen, couldn’t have them get their hands on Barnes.
Natasha was no longer there. “Where’s Nat?”
Steve's lips curled up in a smile even as his sight hazed over with need. "Careful there," he said, tracing Tony's own body with a much surer hand, fingers lingering where he caught a favorable reaction. Tony's body wasn't as toned as Steve's. In fact, he sported a rather wiry form, which made Steve inexplicably more interested. He tweaked at a nipple, lightly rubbing it in a circle. "I get touchy about my age."
“Another no,” he said firmly. “That, you’re gonna have to take care of yourself. Just another step and… all right. You can open your eyes, now.”
He most surely looked ready to strangle Steve on sight.
Steve balled his hands to fists. God, he hated this. Tony couldn’t
(See the end of the chapter for
It felt—
“Then what exactly do you
That crossed the line. Steve could accept anything—
To his credit, Rhodey was very good at reading his mind. His eyes softened accordingly. “He didn’t seem angry. Just worried.”
It was Clint. He stood in the doorway, also in his Avengers uniform, and cast them a long-suffering look. Then he took a step forward and made room for Sam, who wasn’t quite looking at them and instead started to awkwardly rub his neck.
“No,” Tony called back, his voice clipped. “But a warning that we were going to be stuck in a goddamn forest for over a month would’ve been nice. Wearing a tight overall out here is definitely
“Wait,” Tony said then, stopping Steve with a gentle press to his shoulders. “I don’t think we should be doing this.”
Those words shook him, and he wondered at the sentiment. How Tony could possibly see it that way? Perhaps he shouldn’t have been surprised, but it still felt wrong.
Time didn’t tell them anything. They didn’t
“Really,” he confirmed. “You’re not the sort of guy a man can just walk away from.”
Steve smiled. “No.” He guided Tony towards the door and leaned down next to a flowerpot, retrieving the key. “Come on, I’ll show you the house.”
That being said, Tony wasn’t all that thrilled that Rhodey (who was marginally more hormone-driven at the age of eighteen than he’d been in elementary) apparently wanted to bring his girlfriend and a few more people along.
It would take days to fully recover, and even then, he wouldn’t come out of this mess unscathed.
Steve swallowed, and sat down next to him. “Yeah?”
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
“Good thinking.” Tony’s thumb found the slit, and he smiled as Steve bucked against him. “Can’t believe you finally decided to listen to me on our
He should've known Tony's thinking would lead down this road, and wow he was lightheaded with how fast he'd gotten hard. Sometimes he was worried about keeping pace with Tony, but it never became an issue to this day.
Tony hummed, and for half a minute, he said nothing. Then, he raised a brow, and Vision could spot his lips twitching with amusement. “When you say you remember ‘each of our interactions’…”
Tony asked. It had taken Steve a while to get used to the way he sounded when talking via Extremis. There was a metallic tone to his voice, not unlike JARVIS; only his intonations were still somewhat the same.
There they would be driving to the scarce viewing areas somewhere northwest from the town, making sure to get the best spot possible. And all the while, they’d talk about college, about their new dorm room at MIT, about the classes they’d have together, the people they’d meet and they’d wait for the magic to happen. For seven days, it would just be Rhodey and him, and it’d be perfect. Life-changing. Unforgettable.
here,” Tony murmured. “Real question is: why?”
It was impossible, even by his standards. No way he would…
“Obadiah Stane. I was a friend of Mrs. Stark.”
The main code was something only he knew. Not Pepper, not Rhodey, not
When he didn’t go on, Rhodey stepped closer to him. “And you’ll just accept that?” he asked. “That boy
(See the end of the chapter for
Hammer repeated, his brows arching to the sky. “Are you really asking me to explain myself? Good God, boy, it doesn’t matter
That had Steve frown and he reached over to console him, putting his own hand on top of Tony’s. “I’d like to think you just needed the right… people around you. To be happy, I mean. There are few days when I don’t see you laugh at least once.”
“For getting him out there. For doing what I couldn’t.” She smiled slightly. “For not listening to me when I told you it was hopeless. For being that stubborn.”
the Wakandan shield after all—“…but I think you should have it, anyway. It’s yours. So… you’d do me a favor to take it back.”
Steve rumbled a chuckle. “Rhodes will probably punch me for that.”
As always, Tony gave Steve a quick kiss and cast Natasha a friendly smile as he walked by, but there wasn’t ever any time for small-talk. Not when there was a job to be done, and getting Barnes' brain sorted out was nothing if not time-sensitive.
gotten thinner, and with his almost fully-grown beard, he looked a lot different than the Tony Stark he knew from back home. But he was healthy and in good spirits now that he was able to move again, and in Steve’s book that was all that mattered.
“You gave me the phone. What did you think we were going to do?”
The others sat motionless on the floor, staring off into space as if still in shock. Wanda had buried herself in Pietro’s arms, not showing her face for the entirety of the flight. The only one who looked remotely calm was Sam, who piloted the Quinjet. He kept throwing questioning glances at Steve, but for once, he didn’t have any consoling words.
“Pepper loves art, by the way. So you’ll have a lot to talk about.” He winked. “And Happy will be glad to have someone other than himself she can talk to about it.”
With a groan, Steve’s eyes tracked the movement, taking in the sheer intimacy of it, before he was sinking home fully, shoving forward in one fluid movement.
Tony shook his head. “No. With any luck, I already fixed it.”
did. I forgave you. Just as you forgave me.”
A month ago, Steve would have
“Extremis is much more powerful than before. We’re guessing it copied some of Ultron’s code, and when it rebooted, it overheated a bit. That’s why the eyes stay black. And because they stay black, they’re bleeding. Not pretty, but not dangerous either.”
wake-up call.
“Yeah,” Steve said. “I want it.”
“Alright,” Tony said, smiling at Steve warmly. The guy looked as shaken as Tony had ever seen him, and he knew this wasn’t the time to sulk like a prima donna just because Steve didn’t want to share his feelings. He clapped a friendly hand on his shoulders, lingering for a second, before he let go again. “Offer stands, and you know where to find me.”
“Uh…” The man looked around, frowning. He waved a dismissive hand at the room. “Should be the Four Seasons, I’m guessing.”
Tony opened his mouth,
TS 2:43 A.M.>FRIDAY says you got banged up but you’re fine. Mostly. So. Get well soon, and call me? Or something. I hope you’re ok. In any case, Happy New Year and… come back soon
Steve had no idea how all of this was supposed to make him feel better. So JARVIS had cared for them, that wasn’t big news, exactly. He had surely never understood why the AI was so much more special than any other bit of tech he’d come across in this century—he had never grasped the technicalities of it—, and he hadn’t particularly cared either. JARVIS had been unique, simple as that. “He was more than code, or storage space,” Steve said with a serious tone. “I know you don’t understand that, but—”
Tony lifted the cup to his lips and indulged a long, hearty taste. He raised an eyebrow. That was his favorite roasting, with a hint of vanilla. “Did Steve make this?”
Clint groaned at them, turning around to the monitors. “Rhetorical question. Look it up, would you?”
a chef. If you don’t watch out, I might not let you go again,” he mumbled, bowing his head a little.
Steve looked up, his eyes still glassy. “Can I… would you let me explain?”
“Why not? It’s… I don’t wanna be presumptuous, but the two of you… I don’t know, Tones. It’s not such a big surprise?”
Steve had known he was in trouble the minute he opened his eyes in Tony's bed that morning, but he didn't care. Danger was never a deterrent for him.
Steve’s last call had been twelve days ago.
“Is this the kind of person you are now?” Bucky asked. “Monitoring everyone’s diet?”
“There were so many things I thought I’d have forever to tell you,” Tony said. “That I thought I could work up to. That at one point, we’d be on the way to… rediscovering, I guess. No, rebuilding. Rebuilding’s a better word.”
Never once had anyone been so… considerate. Tony wasn’t sure he
“I am.”
And Tony still hadn’t told Steve what was coming for them.
Natasha only leaned forward at the same time as Sam shook his head. “It’s sweet that you think you have a say in it,” Natasha said.
“I love you so much,” Steve whispered against his lips, licking into his mouth before Tony could even reply. He tasted Tony fully, openly, giving no want for restraint. Steve’s hands were pulling at his shoulders, then combing through his hair. The taste of Steve had him drunk, and it had nothing to do with the painkillers.
“Not that it’s any of your business, but I had to step out today,” Steve explained, fully aware that they had never really shared any personal information before. Tony didn’t know he was in the army. “I’m at the front lines.”
And to be loved so much in return.
Tony moved for the door. “We’re all upstairs if you need anything.”
A slight shadow fell over Tony’s face as he nodded. “Me, too,” he said gently, rubbing Steve’s back.
“Look,” Banner said, staring straight at him.
The thought of Peggy sitting down with a five-year-old and too smart for his own good Tony and knowing exactly how to handle him had Steve grin. “She had her ways,” he agreed and once again let his fingers entwine with Tony’s. Only then, he realized that Tony’s eyes had watered. His face was one vast well of grief as he shut them tight.
A scoff of indignation shuddered through Tony. “And you’re surprised?”
“Very funny,” Bruce said, and while he tried to sound serious, Tony was almost certain there was at least a tiny smile on his face now.
I am—your life is… it’s already history.”
“They’re… they’re really sensitive,” he ground out, a racking shudder going through his body.
The room was spinning.
“Got what you wanted?”
“Well, since you asked so nicely.” Steve smiled at him and gave his next thrust more momentum, moving just a little harder.
He watched in horror as Agent Barton led Tony towards the exit of the room. Their gazes met once more, and it was almost like Steve could see his spirit break. As if the warmth he’d treasured so much in the last days faded into nothingness.
At that, Rhodes glanced at Steve once more, and from the way his eyes suddenly widened, he was probably having a huge epiphany. “Oh fuck, and you’re bi?!” he exclaimed, as if only now realizing it. He pulled back, but his hands still remained on Tony’s shoulders. “He’s bi.”
are not the first arrogant jerk I’ve come across,” Steve retorted. “You think I’m gonna let you smart-off ‘cause this is a dream, don’cha?”
Her face was half in shadow, her eyes trained steadily on him. She was watching him through the glass. He sat up, uneasy with the intensity of Natalia’s stare—the type of intensity that was usually accompanied by heavy words. Slowly, he rose to his feet and walked up to her. Then, he leaned his chest against her back, drawing her near with his arms around her waist. “What is it?”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest defensively. “That’s not how it felt to me.”
Tony turned to look at him then, straightening up. “It’s… it’s perfect, Steve. I mean, it’s probably wrong of me to say it’s beautiful but… that you see me like this is…” He trailed off, shrugging and actually looking a bit sheepish. “Thank you.”
“Tony never did any of those things,” Steve said firmly. “And he stopped making weapons years ago.”
Tony huffed a hollow laugh and rubbed his eyes with a hand. “Do you even hear yourself? You can’t be busy, you can’t be fighting
When Steve turned around, however, his eyes stuck on Tony’s face. He didn’t just look troubled at what he was seeing on the news channel, he had that closed-off expression he often sported when he was trying to shield his own emotions. It was a similar expression to the one Tony had worn when he’d been poisoned with the Palladium. The one when he was trying to keep something to himself. His eyes were carefully blank, but behind that—hopelessness and grief, coupled with a final, glomming ounce of determination to find a solution to face the unbeatable odds.
“When I said we’re friends, I didn’t lie,” Steve said quietly, barely audible in the vast dark corridor.
“I can offer you a place to stay for the time being,” T’Challa added.
Shaking, Tony let his head drop against Steve’s chest, the significance of all of that slowly sinking in.
Behind Tony, Vision, Rhodey and Natasha stepped out of the jet, followed by a gangly kid who looked around with widened eyes. It took Steve a moment to put two and two together, since he’d never met the guy, but it could only be Peter Parker.
Steve paused for a moment to catch his breath, then stood up and said, “Still more impressive than you, pencil pusher.”
“Tony…”
but this.”
“Especially here,” Steve went on, looking around the forest. “Here it’s… like a small world of its own, and I know it’s only an illusion, but it’s so easy to forget. As if there’s no other world beyond the forest. Just us.”
The others just nodded and broke into easy chatter.
God, how could he have ever thought to throw this away?
"Painkillers first," he said, holding out his hand without even looking at her. She opened her little purse and produced a pill, which she then set on his palm. He swallowed it dry, making Steve wince. "Now." He leveled a look at Steve through one visible eye, since he had the other covered with his hand. "Call Mr. Hogan here, and then call my lawyers. Mr. Stark is being exploited, and we can't have that, now, can we?"
“No,” Steve replied, and oh, he really was drowning in Tony’s taste, and Tony was not fighting him. He was kissing him back. They fell down on the bed together, Tony on top of him, and Steve groaned in surprise when he pressed his middle down against Steve’s own.
Steve pursed his lips, knowing better than to think Bucky was being serious. “It’s called marriage, these days.” He followed Bucky as he made a slow walk across the room. “Why are you here? I thought you were having a good time down there.”
“Thanks.” He knew how hard it was for Natasha not to come with him right now. He turned to Tony. “Stay safe.”
And when the icy water surrounded him, Steve couldn’t help missing him. He missed him
“You should bring Zemo to Secretary Ross,” Fury told Tony. “It’ll force him to take back a few statements he made.”
working together—we can prevent it?”
TS 11:55 P.M.>Killjoy
Ultron had been holding Steve with the pretense of calmness; but then a jolt went through him and Steve was spiraling across the street, the guard railing crashing hard into his back when he landed.
“Avengers, now!” Tony yelled, almost at the same time as Steve, and all of them—
“You know, Rogers, your little pal’s going down with us. ‘Bucky’, was it? He seems to be quite the celebrity these days. I met him once, you know that? He remembered you, got all weepy about it. Cried, wailed, till they put his brain back in the blender.” He paused dramatically. “It’s hilarious to think that he’s going to be pardoned, and that
A wild fist flew toward Barnes’ face and the next second, Steve threw him off Tony. Barnes quickly tried to deflect and countered the move with a swipe at Steve’s legs, but Steve seized the opportunity to grip Barnes and haul him onto the next car.
“I know you didn’t,” Tony agreed. “You humans don’t believe in divinity. Not even those who pray to Father every single day. Not
Tony smiled, putting a hand on Sam’s shoulder in understanding. “Trust me, Steve could read you the phone book and it’d have some motivational ring to it. It’s… it’s the whole milk and all that fresh air. At least, that’s my guess… which is as good as any.”
Steve frowned. He was about to say more, Tony could see it, when Natasha cleared her throat and brought them back to practicalities. “We really
“I’m just trying to get Bucky out of the picture before it gets worse. It’s not right that he’s making an example of him.”
“Tony?” His name rolled off Steve’s tongue as though it was the answer to some old prayer.
,” he repeated, more forceful now. He closed his eyes, refusing to deal with this. All of it, the war, this whole
With Natasha and Clint standing in front of him, and Bruce crouching at his side. Bruce… who had a stethoscope in his hands, examining Steve with a concentrated look, because apparently Steve was not dead and needed examining.
In the last weeks, they’d had all too little time for these small signs of affection and now, the simplest touch had the power to make Steve lose all sense of his surroundings.
“I know, I know,” Tony answered. “Me—me too.”
Tony urgently held out a hand to him, the same way that the man in the portal was holding out a hand to Tony. It was Strange, Steve realized, and Tony was waiting until he caught Steve’s hand and only then whirled and reached for Strange’s.
“Don’t joke about this.”
Tony sighed. “I’ll cancel my presentation.”
His head hurt thinking about it. Despite wishing, no thunder storm had torn a huge abyss between the other’s homes and Stark Mansion where the RV was currently parked. The day was as bright as a magnesium flame. Which meant the road trip could take place just as they’d planned.
. Ignoring his own thoughts, Tony stared down at the bulb again, as if looking at it long enough would unveil its secrets.
TS 5:26 P.M.>With sex?
"So," Steve said, not really looking at Bruce, who was seated beside him at the counter. He'd asked for a private talk and they'd ended up going to their usual cafe next to the art faculty. "You're probably wondering why I wanted to talk in private…"
. The dreams with you should’ve been easy. Should’ve been a wet dream and nothing else. I didn’t ask for this! For all these…” Tony broke off again. “I wake up a half-man, and who do I want there? You’re ruining me—you’re ruining everything—and when you’re gone, what will I fucking
“You might affect your own time, yes. The act of time travel always produces a juncture diverging a new alternate timeline. You can’t remember travelling to the future, can you?”
“You’re a real asshole sometimes, you know that,” Barnes murmured, and dabbed at his nose again. Tony hissed and his hand closed down on his metal arm, capturing him in a tight hold that would have been painful were it anyone but Barnes.
Tony snorted and cast Bruce an amused glance. He might not be much of a help, but Tony was glad he was here, anyway.
Tony let his gaze travel across the city.
Her eyes stared down at him, and she seemed to have found something there that made her pause momentarily. “Tell me my name,” she ordered him with a steely voice, knife pressing down harder.
“Worth it,” Steve agreed.
The Vision wasn’t JARVIS. Maybe in parts, but it wasn’t the same.
“Shut it, it’s very sweet,” Steve said.
“Thanks ever so,” Steve murmured and leaned down to nip at Tony’s left nipple.
would be here!" Steve shouted back. He hadn't meant to, but Tony's crass, almost intentional overlooking of the reason the building finally gave way was driving him out of his mind. "Your suit is too massive! And you might not even have survived the collapse! I could’ve come in, do a quick sweep and come back out without ever disrupting what little structural integrity this building had left!"
(See the end of the chapter for
“The UN just made a statement that James’ jet has gone off radar two hours ago. They’d just left London, then all signals died.”
“Maybe…”
Tony scoffed. “Okay, you know what? That’s enough therapy for one day. Steve’s a big boy, and so am I. We survived so far.”
But it wasn’t the awkwardness that had left him with a bad taste in his mouth. It was the fact that this was all he’d do now… act as if he’d punch Hitler in the face, do promotional film reels, smile at the cameras, instead of actually going out there and helping people.
With that, the three of them walked towards the vault, Wong trailing behind them. The circular room was basically a cave lit by torches; dark marble arch with words in a strange language written on its wall. At the far end of the room, two shallow steps led up to another archway that opened on a passageway that seemed to recede forever.
“I still don’t get it. You said Steve would bring Bucky in. I know there’s the killing order, but if they turn themselves in willingly, they’ll get a fair trial. Steve knows that, doesn’t he? What is he playing at?” Rhodey asked, his eyes following Tony’s form, though he had addressed his question to Natasha. “Do you know?”
“Haunted?” Tony repeated, brows hitting his hairline. “Like… ghosts?”
“Excuse me?” Obi barked, staring up at Pepper in disbelief. “I hired you!”
When Tony finally opened the door, Steve held his breath, taking a first step into the large room that lay behind it.
“There’s…” Steve trailed off and shook his head. “You keep knowing all kinds of things before they happen, you have vital information on missions, you knew about Clint’s family, when we watch the news you don’t seem to be surprised much. Last month, you bought me a set of drawing pencils because you somehow knew I was running out on them. We’ve never even talked about my sketches before, and you bought my favorite. So what I want to say is… I should be more wary, but then again, you’ve only ever protected us, helped us, so I’m having trouble believing you’re hostile.”
Steve hummed, and it was admittedly a bit childish, but instead of calming him down, Tony’s words made him want to
“Not recently.” Steve sighed. “She got worse, and then we were too busy with…” He trailed off, looking at the ground, as he pulled back eventually.
A pause, then,
“And our Bucky wouldn’t do that,” Tony agreed. “But the Winter Soldier would. And you saw how easily he was triggered.”
“I’m ready to face consequences if that means I can come back.”
* * *
“Nah,” Tony said. “The conservatory is deserted today, anyway.”
Natasha already waited for him, and with a smile, she pressed a steaming cup of coffee into his hands. He nodded his thanks and took a sip.
Alright, he was doing an inner happy dance on having scored a man as hot as Steve, all blood rushing south embarrassingly fast. But the need to simply be near him, sharing this with him now and getting to know him even better after was… more important than just sex.
“Tony,” he said on a breath. “His name is Tony.”
Tony cocked his head sideways at him and smiled. “So. That’s a surprise. You haven’t switched timelines all by yourself, have you?”
Steve was thoroughly distracted by Tony’s ministrations that he couldn’t hold back the sounds he was making. Tony’s movements sped up minutely, and he held Steve’s wrists in his hands, drawing them firmly up next to Steve’s head. And as Tony thrust into him fully, repeatedly pushing against that point inside him that made Steve’s toes curl, his head snapped back and he arched so hard he lifted both of their bodies from the mattress. His eyes flew open wide as another orgasm washed over him and a choked moan tore from his throat.
“JARVIS, what’s the quickest route?” Steve asked, as he began climbing up the hill, jumping the few feet easily up the front slope. He raised his shield, quickly positioning himself.
Steve nodded his head, to show that he'd heard. He had no intention of talking about it, not now or ever, but there was no reason to say so. The thought of wading through those memories again made him feel ill and he gulped around the tension in his throat. He couldn't imagine what Tony's nightmares were about, but if it gave him as much grief as Steve's did, he may not want to talk about it, either.
“He will. In his own time.” With that, Bruce clapped a hand on Tony’s shoulder, standing up. “I think it’s just… how he is. We all haven’t exactly been very open with each other since we moved in. Those things take time, it’s not unusual. Steve hasn’t talked to anyone, by the way. It’s not just you he’s avoiding. ”
“Ok.” he exhaled. “That’s good… just, your parking brake is on.”
Next to him, Tony nodded, obviously satisfied.
At that moment, Bruce entered the floor via the stairs. He’d been the only one aside Natasha who hadn’t been called in for the mission. He rubbed his sleep-mussed hair and looked only mildly surprised when he saw all of them standing around in full uniform. “What are you doing back so early?” He looked around, frowning. “And where’s Thor?”
“Alright,” Tony announced. “I won’t be able to sleep for a week so I might as well drive now.”
Steve swallowed hard at that almost-confession, leaning in, probably so he wouldn’t have to look Tony in the eye while he opened the fly of his pants, tugging him free. Shifting stance so they’d be on the same height, he made quick work of his own jeans, aligning the both of them at last.
“I don’t think it would’ve made a difference,” Tony replied. “I
Tony blinked as he realized that yes, he had read this in Steve’s file at one point, but he had tried to only skim through it, at that time, determined to get Steve out of his head and not lose himself in him even further.
There was silence at that.
Natasha’s expression remained impassive. “It might be more than that.”
The words from before raced through his mind.
If he was perfectly honest, the feelings for Tony had taken years to unlock. He had been so afraid at first that he had kept his attraction for him very close to the heart. Had turned himself away from all those revelations whenever he’d been near him.
And Tony was too old for him anyway.
Steve sighed, shaking his head. “No. But… ever since I came back to New York… everything’s skewed. I didn’t know how to behave around you. It always felt like you didn’t want to talk.”
Tony snorted when Steve rolled them around once more and drew Tony in. His arms were holding him tightly to his body, and Tony pillowed his head on Steve’s shoulder.
Truth be told, he didn’t like to think too much of his parent’s deaths and Barnes’ involvement in their apparent assassination. It was one of the many things Tony had pushed aside, hidden away in a dark compartment of his brain where he didn’t have to think about it. The reasonable part of him believed his own words, knew that it hadn’t been Steve’s Bucky who had killed those people, but a brainwashed shell of a man, who already didn’t exist anymore. And now wasn't the time to sort through any lingering doubts about that.
“You said so like… thirty times today,” Tony replied, rolling his eyes. “How often do I have to say it’s not a day to celebrate?”
“I wasn’t sure if I was welcome.”
Several shots later, Tony started to wonder if he was going to be able to stay on the barstool much longer. It felt as if it was tilting wildly, and things around him had started to get blurry.
. It was loud and brash and at the same time so piercingly, strikingly intimate, so intense, so unbearably perfect, that Steve found himself thinking how stupid he’d been for almost missing out on this.
“Means we’ll take a few turns, be less noticeable,” Steve supplied and sighed as he looked back on the parking lot where Fury was now being wheeled into an ambulance. He’d taken a bullet, too, but the shot had gone straight through him. It wasn’t anything fatal, and still… Fury would be taken to the hospital, and then he would die. Or at least, pretend to do so. “I’m not sure I like this plan,” he said. “If Camp Lehigh is SHIELD property, we could need him there.”
Tony regarded the new group, telling himself vehemently that it was okay to not be a part of it. That it was okay for Bruce and Clint and Thor to not be here, either, because things changed. It was just how life worked.
“I’m sleeping upstairs with Tasha,” Bucky announced.
Tony remained silent. And anything Steve could say would only give him more ammo.
“Lotta hair for a little guy,” Sam mused, grinning down at Ian.
Tony nodded, and frowned suddenly. “Shit. Rhodey’s gonna kill me.”
Barnes was quiet for a long minute, his attention focused on the half-empty bottle next to Tony. “What are you doing?”
TS 5:21 P.M.>But sex, Steve :-(
“I went because I wasn’t aware it was a big
—the claw let go of him.
And amazingly—
“I’m sorry.” Tony tilted his head. “About being me.”
He really needed to get Steve to write down when and where those visions were happening to him. Natasha and Clint had at least given them some pointers to what their triggers could potentially be. With Steve, who acted like if he didn’t keep those visions a secret something horrible would happen, it was like skipping through a goddamn minefield.
Steve paled.
"That’s a… strange compliment," Steve said, grinning back at him. The huge logo on the pajamas was going a little far, he felt, but whatever. "You know, I'm not half as good as Picasso, you're doing the guy disservice."
So he liked guys, too. That made him bi, right? Or maybe it really was just Tony and that would… was there even a word for that? He’d once read about people only being attracted to other people when they were already close to that person and maybe that was it, maybe Steve wasn’t gay—bi—he just, well, liked Tony, and therefore
“Tony, what is it?” Steve eventually asked cautiously. He was used to Tony ignoring him, even to his anger, but now he looked as unhinged as he’d ever seen him.
And he hurt Steve, too. It seemed they couldn’t take one step without destroying each other. Yet, there were some things that were worth the hurt and always would be.
Steve moved again, pulling Tony nearer once more. “You know I always trust you to do the right thing.”
“See, that’s where you’re wrong. Assuming that I was the good guy in this,” she said with a fond smile. “I wasn’t. I could’ve helped him back then. If I had tried—
"Ready?" he asked eventually, voice ragged as he spread his legs a bit more. He gave himself one more good thrust, making it a point to go in as deep as he could before he pulled his fingers free.
“There will be a questioning in a few days,” Tony told him quietly. “This woman… Agent Romanoff… she called, saying whatever they found in the boat doesn’t one hundred percent add up with my testimony.”
Because this… this was about
TS 3:46 P.M.>Quick question
Tony smiled, both hands now running along Steve’s sides until they settled on his hips.
“No, we're not,” Steve said, sighing. “If I could talk to Tony, eye to eye, I’m sure he’d figure out a way to let us off the hook without the UN noticing.”
Should he tell him about the visions? No, probably not a good time. He didn't feel he knew enough about them, yet. Not enough to bring it up and discuss it at length, but what if Tony had some intel from Natasha and Clint that Steve wasn't aware of? He'd been avoiding pretty much everyone over the past couple of days. For all he knew, there was an absolutely logical reason why the others had gotten visions of real memories, and Steve got something… else.
Suddenly, the light went on, the neon lamps blinding them for a moment. All Steve could make out were glaring spots of light; spaced throughout the ceiling, and a sense of space. When his eyes adjusted, Steve saw that they were in a large underground room filled with computers and outdated machinery. Old metal filing cabinets lined each wall. Wires crawled over the floors and walls in organized tracks.
“Ты меня совсем не знаешь,” Bucky said.
Tony choked on his coffee with an undignified noise. He gulped down whatever had actually stayed in his mouth, then cast Steve a shit-eating grin. “I think I just outed you.” He shrugged unapologetically. “My bad.”
“Update?” a short man with the glasses asked.
“You ass,” he mumbled against Steve’s lips. “I was going through Hell! I was literally dying inside! Why didn’t you
You couldn’t have known that we’d all make it out of there. You risked having every single one of us killed. By our own hands. You accepted the worst case.”
“I haven’t seen him in a while,” Steve explained to Tony while he walked over and petted DUM-E’s claw.
[TStark] [chat_server:46953] is offline
, Tony pleaded inwardly, brushing his nose along Steve’s as he slowly pulled back.
Tony raised an unimpressed eyebrow. “What, are we playing truth or dare now?”
Tony’s mouth drew into a tight line, confirming Steve’s suspicions. “I can manage, just go back inside.”
"That's excellent news," Bucky said, and Steve could
Steve pulled back obediently, giving Tony’s cock a parting kiss. Then, he cast Tony a fleeting look before he turned around and bent over the arm rest. With quick movements, he tugged his sweatpants down to his thighs and pulled a little bottle of lube out of the left pocket. He coated two fingers with it before he threw it back down on the couch. Then, he let his hand slide its way back up his thighs to finger his hole, spreading the lubricant there. Steve gasped and reached out to grab the edge of the couch, then got his knees under him, pushing his ass in Tony’s direction.
The sedatives he had been given were still wearing off and his memory sluggishly returned to him as he processed what had led him to wake up here. Jarvis had warned of a security breach in the lab and he found that horrible creature had escaped and then...then...Steve felt his stomach twist in revulsion as his memory returned. Not only he had completely lost his mind and acted on such deviancy he had included Tony in on it as well. No, no he couldn't fathom the things he had allowed himself to do, to ask for and involving Tony. It was unforgivable.
It felt like only a few more strokes and Steve too was coming, the orgasm feeling almost explosive. He came with a shout, his hips thrusting up into Tony with each pulse from his oversensitive cock. A pleasant tingly feeling overtook him and Steve sat back against the bed with a sigh. He pulled their interlocked hands away from the arc reactor and Steve pressed a kiss to Tony's hand.
“Why would he need to know that?”
“Yeah.”
“Better.”
about Steve.”
“Of course you are,” Steve said, slightly out of air. “It’s all out in the open: You just didn’t turn out impressive enough.”
“Take your clothes off.”
“Will Stane be joining us?” Happy asked, after they’d arrived in a long, dark hallway.
Steve wasn’t sure how he made it through the day. Going back to his daily routine after…
“Tony.” Rhodey rubbed the bridge of his nose. “I love you like a brother, which is why we’ll go to the same college, share the same room, have the same classes, and I look forward to that, I do. But I need to do things with other people, too. It can’t always be you and I, and I think it’d actually do you good to step out of your comfort zone for once. Apart from me you have about zero friends—”
He nodded, closing his eyes, grateful for the easy command. “Thank you.”
He didn’t finish, because the next thing he knew, Tony had all but tackled him to the roof’s surface. His legs were slotted around his waist, his arms firmly linked behind his neck. And he was kissing him. Kissing him with relief and giddiness and a few light chuckles in-between.
A tiny crooked smile appeared on Tony’s lips. “Cute,” he said before he leaned down and started typing on the keyboard.
look on his face.
She faced off against Tony for a few seconds, then caved and nodded. Her face lifted to his and her belligerent stance softened. “I’m worried, too, you know. You can share with someone. Can’t just keep going off and being the hero for everyone.”
He realized he had always been waiting for something that didn’t come—someone to break him free from the prison of his mind. And that someone had always been Natalia.
She looked perfect—she
Tony rubbed the back of his head. “I will be once the headache wears off. How’d I end up in my bed?”
Lucifer Morningstar—shock and a terrible knowledge took hold of his handsome features at long last.
Clint started the motor, the tires squealing as he backed out of the parking lot and onto the residential street. He pulled onto the freeway, heading out of town. As they drove down the highway leading to Kent Island, Tony sat stiffly next to him, face turned away, staring into distance.
That didn’t lessen the sorrow in Steve’s expression a bit. “Of course I’m your friend. Dammit, please don’t leave me now.”
“Uncertain,” Tony shot back and released a breathy chuckle. He looked positively gloomy, all the worry gone now, and Steve knew he had made the right decision not to wait any longer to talk to him about this. “With a baby on the way, we should probably stop having sex altogether…”
“I thought if I fooled myself into thinking I didn’t need you, it would become true at some point.” He sighed. “It didn’t. And now…”
Natasha chuckled. “Clever.”
A deep urge to punch him rose deep inside Steve’s gut and if Agent Romanoff hadn’t pulled him out of the room, he’d definitely gone through with it.
A snicker clawed at Tony’s throat, but he valiantly forced it back down. Instead, he leaned back, aiming for shock and confusion as he looked up at Steve. “There was nothing to bounce back from, was there?”
“Who is it?” he repeated.
He tried not to think about it too much, but the knowledge was there. Always.
“Hell yeah,” Bucky whooped, taking hold of Steve’s shoulder to hurl himself upward and grab one of the Iron Legion suits, smashing it to the ground. “Thanks for bringing me. If it weren’t for Tasha, I’d say it’s worth going to jail for.”
“Not so sure about Stark,” Bucky murmured, and before Steve could say something to that, Natasha had already whacked him on the back of his head.
“Hmm,” Tony hummed, leaning in. “It’s a good one, too.” He slumped against the stretch of Steve’s body, still and almost entirely silent save for the sound of his ragged breathing.
Steve stared at him. Tony’s wide brown eyes were unfathomable, impossible to tell what went on in Tony’s mind.
Steve rolled his eyes. "Maybe if the co-leader had stuck around, things wouldn't have gotten so out of hand," he said, his tone low enough that only those interested in hearing would be able to.
There was a knock on the door and Steve startled hard, almost knocking both of his knees against the desk. Hastily, he pushed the letters back inside the drawer, closing the hidden compartment, before he sat up straight and cleared his throat. “Come in,” he called timidly.
Tony winced and raised his hands in a placating gesture. “That’s not what I meant.”
“Now let’s learn to enjoy it.”
Vision smiled as he turned around, as if sensing that they were both mostly decent again. “I
do you need?” Tony snapped. He didn’t shout, since that wouldn’t do him any good with an infant, but he
He just didn’t know how, not with Lagos still weighing heavily on everyone. And not when he knew in his heart that Steve would never agree to this. Their past conversations had made that very clear.
Lying down in his oddly comfortable bed, Steve closed his eyes. He recited his Captain America speech a few times before his fatigue took over.
Steve immediately wrapped his arms around Tony when he fell forward, there was nothing he could do for him but listen at this point, but when Tony bemoaned the darkness, Steve's hold tightened momentarily.
When they stepped out of the church and glanced down into the open space where the mountains surrounding the city once had been, Tony reached for Steve’s hand and gripped it tight.
kisses. Kisses unlike the cautious, uncertain ones they’d shared so far. Kisses that started fires only to lead them to explosion. His tongue plundered Steve’s mouth, and those kisses ignited things within him that were downright terrifying. He heard himself mewling against Steve’s lips, felt Steve’s own moans rumble against his chest.
He was falling, twisting as he fell. Steve caught a glimpse of a rock in the grass below him, knew absolutely that Tony was going to hit his temple on it. He flung himself at him, his arm coming around Tony’s head. They both struck the ground and Steve realized with a pained grunt that he had wrenched his shoulder getting between Tony and that rock.
And once all those thoughts had registered, it was like the goddamn Pandora’s box—like one of those catchy tunes you couldn’t get out of your head even if you tried. It was annoying, and irritating, and babies were just freaking everywhere, okay? They were tiny and adorable, had huge alien eyes, and just the thought of Steve cradling one of these mini-humans on his beefy arms did things to Tony’s heart that couldn’t be healthy at all.
“What is that?” Steve asked, his brows furrowed as he took the paper from Tony’s hand. “That’s… that’s from today.”
Steve’s eyes were unfocused. But so very kind. He nodded. “We all did.”
“I’m sorry, Tony. I shouldn’t have—”
“The how and why are the usual ways, Thaddeus,” Phil said.
Her eyes met his after a moment, almost apologetic. As though she could tell what he was trying to accomplish… and perhaps she could. There was a sad wisdom in her eyes. The face of a woman who had tried everything in her power to remember… once upon a time.
“She’ll pull through. We all will at some point. You should talk to her, when you have the chance, I bet she’ll forgive you in a heartbeat.”
Tony gave a shrug. “It’s only love I feel.”
But instead of teasing him about it some more, Steve only kept grinning and took Tony’s hand in his own. “Come here. Let’s see the damage.”
for this… for whatever small part you were willing to give me.”
Before he could finish the thought, the elevator dinged and Iron Man walked in. It was a model Steve didn’t recognize—and it was stained all over with some greenish powder.
"I'm… sorry," Steve said, shifting his weight from one leg to the other. "Uh…" The arm turned towards him and Steve looked at it for a long moment. "What's it doing, Tony?"
“Up here,” a voice said and Steve looked around with a confused expression, before he spotted Tony sitting in top of the RV’s roof. He was leaning back, staring up in the sky.
There was a long beat of quiet, before Steve spoke up again, his voice very serious. “Clint implied that you thought I wouldn’t have listened to you…”
Steve was
“And yet, I feel like you’re keeping something from me.”
“So bossy,” Tony quipped, chuckling. “Have you always been this bossy, or is that new? I think I’m having second-thoughts on this whole marriage thing already.”
He’d seen glimpses of Tony’s old self during their travels. Sometimes, when he’d woken up at night, he’d find Tony sitting at a desk, scribbling down formulas into his notebook or drawing patterns on his blueprints.
He and Steve had discussed it a lot, whether or not they should be telling the others. Earlier today, Steve did announce that there was no reason to be afraid of him, but Tony had seen it in the others’ eyes. They’d never trust him like this.
“How long?” Tony asked in a gentle tone. It wasn't accusatory or malicious, a simple question.
“No-No I can take it...keep going just-just give me a minute.” Tony closed his eyes and exhaled out slowly as his body acclimated to the intrusion. After a few moments Tony gave Steve a brief nod for him to keep going. Steve aimed for that pleasure spot again hoping to distract Tony from the discomfort. It worked. Tony cried out, his hips bucking involuntarily as Steve caressed and prodded the bundle of nerves. It got easier, Tony still felt the ache but it was duller and more manageable he could handle it as long as he had this pleasure to take his mind off of it.
