As always thanks are due to my amazing betas
did too.”  Now Watson took a detailed look at Sherlock. He was wearing a loose light blue shirt, some dark, brown? trousers she had never seen before, his dark green gown, and slippers. He had just had a  shower. Face nicked while shaving. She stared at the tiny line. Sherlock never nicked himself, ever. Hair in tight curls. No hair product! Not good! He had been sleeping and someone, Greg, probably had woken him up. Sherlock looked as if he had not been out of the house for a while. His poor  blue green eyes were kind of glassy, distracted; Dark bags, red (though could be shower). Complexion very, very pale even for him. He looked so sad, even though he smiled at her.
“Um,” another uncomfortable glance at the Holmes’, though his status was no secret, he just plainly didn’t like talking about it, “Unformed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
– God!
“John?” Jacqui prompted, worried wrinkles appearing at the corners of her mouth. She was a lovely woman…perhaps a little bossy.
He never felt so possessed in his life, never felt so
Sherlock, John, and Marcus’s brother and father all carried the casket to its final resting place. There were no more words, and John reminded himself to just breathe and make it through this last bit. When he was home, when he was once again in familiar territory, he could let himself
of their files). It seemed strange that there wasn’t more security, but it did make sense in a weird sort of way. Perhaps they were overconfident? They had no reason to suspect they were being monitored, that John was a plant. The Omega was very careful not to give himself away, and he knew both Sherlock and Mycroft were nothing if not remarkably skilful with their secrets.
“Wrong.” Sherlock sniffed, “I am merely stating a fact based upon my own observations.”
John was calm and at ease, only recently recovering from a bout of horrific nightmares he refused to talk about (though honestly any observant human being could guess) and still retained his moratorium on sex. It was awful.
,” he gasped again, “f-first door to the left! Is that what you wanted? Christ, let me go!”
“I guess I’ll just…get my own then.” She finished lamely once she received no response, wrapping up the multitude of files and rearranging them into some semblance of order. When she came across a small stack of chemical reports, she paused, eyes widening.
He was vertex Omega, and as such, he was told he had some control over this. He wasn’t about to just strip, burrow under the covers and present his ass in the air for anyone to come by and catch a whiff.
Sherlock winced, almost startled into motion by John’s plea. His quicksilver eyes roved around the room, assessing and categorizing, before he slowly removed his Belstaff and lowered it over a standard looking beige fold-out lounge chair.
A very quick update because I sat on that first chapter for a while, and had this one almost finished as well. So, yay! Not much action yet, more exposition and plotty plotness. I think it'll be okay though. This one is unbeta'd because I am impatient and impulsive. All mistakes and general crappiness are mine! I don't think the next update will be nearly as quick, sorry!
he was used to…
He walked towards the closest cabinet, noting the lack of padlock (or any locking device for that matter) as he ran his hands down its cold surface. They were the colour of his mum’s pea soup, quite unsightly actually, and reminded his of his own duffle bag he’d left with Marcus. He gripped the silvered handle and pulled, grateful that the drawer opened noiselessly on its tracks.
“You can show yourself out. This isn’t over, not by a long shot.” Then, with a twist of his lip that signaled the end the conversation, he made his way out of the flat the same way the Omega had only moments ago.
Sherlock didn’t care about John; he probably never did, he probably never would. John was just a tool, just…another pawn to be used and manipulated to get what he wanted. The Omega had once thought Sherlock different. He once thought the apex Alpha was unique in his own way, and not like the others.
“I’ll do it.” His voice was quiet, yet firm. As a former soldier, and a doctor, he could no longer straddle the grey are between the greater good and what was only good for John Watson. What was is that Sherlock said in the cab?
They couldn’t use the cauda equina now, of course, it was entirely too inflamed. But, there were other alternatives, though none were as successful in initial trials. Still, this was a desperate situation, and therefore John had to use every resource available.
John took the proffered items, quickly locating an uncomfortable looking plastic chair behind him. It didn’t take long to fill out the forms, as a doctor, he wasn’t unused to paperwork. It all seemed to be standard fare, familial history, medical history, and the like. Jeremy gave him a winning smile when he was done.
“So sorry! I’m fairly new here, sometimes I forget things. But, here we are. My name’s Jessica and I’ll be outside at the desk of you need anything else.” She gave the Omega one more lovely smile, before turning briskly and making her way back to the enormous desk by the lifts.
“John Watson is in danger and we are the only ones who can help him. So whatever it is your tiny little emotionally underdeveloped brain has itself worked up about,
If it had been any butt, well any
“…Royal Liverpool Children’s Hospital led to widespread soul searching in the medical profession, and a fundamental change in how we treat the dead body. In response, the 2004 Human Tissue Act was created –”
At that time, all he wanted to do was leave, get away from this ridiculously distracting and tempting stranger and move on with his life. However, Sherlock was persuasive, and exuded a somewhat static electrical field about his person that John found magnetic and difficult to ignore. After a bit of negotiation, mostly on John’s part, he managed to convince Sherlock to not only let him clean himself up properly, but also give him some time to think about this secretive proposal. This was clearly not want Sherlock wanted, and he left the room looking like his mummy had taken away his favorite plush toy.
of the ‘enter’ key, the video began to play.
Quite suddenly, Lilliana burst into tears, her face purpling alarmingly and her angry little fists waving in front her mother. Brandy was startled at first, before tearing up herself, biting at her lower lip and accepting a hug from Julia, who wasn’t looking entirely too emotionally stable either.
Now he knew why he said those words, that simple phrase which meant everything (in a sense) and yet he meant nothing by it. It was Moriarty. The man, the spirit, this tainted being was seated inside him, hands and fingers dug so deep in his mind that his will and words came spilling from Sherlock’s mind without hesitation. Sherlock felt possessed, in a way, infected by a virus whose vector was a man whose sole intent was to save his life.
He cleared his throat, and in doing so, cleared his mind from the fog of pheromones and emotions that had muscled their way to the fore. While this apology was lovely, and appreciated, and (dare he say it) accepted, it didn’t change much in the end.
“Let me preface this by saying the…experiment was dissolved several years ago. Most of the information is highly classified, redacted, or has been destroyed entirely. Even I had to call in a few favours for this bit of information. To give you an understanding of what you are about to see – well, let me just say that the entire production was rife with ethical and legal issues.”
Sherlock spat, as if his brother’s name itself was something odious and distasteful. It seemed he was over his initial bout of confusion, “I thought you were supposed to be analysing the data from John’s infiltration, or were you side-tracked by a delicious slice of pie?”
He mused on this a moment, taking a bit to centre himself in the white room and gather his thoughts, now clear and purposeful.
The brunette released him and turned to the other woman, her voice sharp.  “
He needed to be rid of this James Moriarty as soon as feasibly possible, and the only way he could manage to do this was to tear down the hateful wall of anonymity and confront John, the actual John, not the shadow version he’d known thus far. He needed to find his donor, if John really was his name. He needed to be free – and in order to do all this, he needed to talk to Mycroft.
This was getting worse and worse.
Sherlock squeezed the sides of his arms, running his thumbs in small circles over the appendages in an obvious gesture of possession and, strangely enough, comfort. One corner of his mouth lifted, the ghost of a smile playing upon his full lips. A wave of pheromones curled around the Omega, tickling his nose with a promise of safety and love, if John would be so willing.
He entertained this very thought as he grabbed his prick with a hungry hand, unconsciously bucking up into his own palm, mouth falling open in ecstasy.
(See the end of the chapter for
the one tore up your clothes?” She glanced away, eyes unfocused as she thought it through; a half-smile lit upon her young face, but it appeared uncertain and tremulous.
He pushed all thoughts of Sherlock and his elite gender aside, moving up the stairs and past the closed door that housed the ridiculously in love and laughing pair. Sleep was on his mind now, and he rubbed his hands furiously against his face.
inhale at long, humid intervals.
Wilkes burst out a laugh, just one hearty guffaw, and for a minute the smile on his face was genuine.
“I only see things as they are, John. You and your
Marcus and the girls are nowhere to be seen, and though the blond wonders what exactly they’re getting up to, he is grateful. A couple hours of sleep, and the Omega might be ready to tackle Sherlock and their – relationship? – with a clear head and some much needed sense.
He simmered in his own sweat.
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
“It’s alright. Please, Marcus, I’m alright.”
Soo Lin Yao was the most helpful. She was a sweet young Omega woman, from China originally, with a heart shaped face and large, dark eyes. When Soo Lin spoke it was in a hesitant, stilted sentence pattern that identified her as a recent immigrant, having known but probably not regularly spoken English for very long. She worked (and lived) in a small restaurant named the Jade Garden, running it along with her quiet Beta brother.
“Do you see what I mean, John?” She was a credit to her profession, this Jacqui, as the question was delivered with quiet care and deliberately free of any reprimand or judgment.
“Jesus, calm down!” He managed after a moment when he’d finally caught his breath. “Hear me out, then you can decide what to do, but I beg you, two minutes is all I need.”
He didn’t wait for a reply before firing off one more sharp text.
The Alpha scoffed, as if unsurprised, “Oh? White noise you say? Fascinating! Tell me John, do you really think an operation that is systematically experimenting on and killing latent Omegas isn’t going to have some kind of anti-surveillance equipment installed?” He stood away from the polished metal table now, peering at the Omega as if the question wasn’t just a hypothetical, but actually expected an answer.
John tried to smile again; he even mustered a half grin, but the reality of his situation was becoming a bit too much for him currently. His right thigh had begun to throb, dull pulses that pounded through his abused muscles and had him pressing the small blue button on the morphine tap.
“Sherlock? Are you alright?”
John blinked hard and brought his eyes up to take in the surrounding area. He was in a smallish room, warm, with the early morning sun streaming in through a tiny square window.  Instead of wallpaper, the sides of the room were tinted a light purplish blue (cornflower?) that reflected the weak light and warmed the chilly interior into something cosy and liveable. There was next to nothing for furniture: only the bed he sat upon, and a desk with one rickety chair up against the opposite wall. They both looked ancient, the surface of the lacquered wood marred with scratches and gouges from a hard life, shuffled from one house to the next.
Well. That was unfortunate.
“Now…if I just wanted to make a call…” John furrowed his brow and sat cross-legged on the scuffed hardwood floor. Sherlock had not given him any kind of user manual, of course, so he would just have to make do on his own. The tip of his pink tongue protruded ever so slightly from his thin but well-shaped lips as he booted up areas of his brain filed under ‘electronics’ and ‘mobiles.’ There wasn’t much there.
, and now you’re saying…what exactly? I’m not good enough? You don’t think I can do it?”
“B-but I thought we were partners in this? I thought we were friends?”
He pushed away the more intrusive thoughts of Jim (though, they were
DISCLAIMER: Same as it has always been, boooooo!
She owned a small bungalow in North Berwick, just off a road that ran along the line of grey and stormy North Sea. John would watch his reflection in the windows as they drove by the shore, feathery coastal grasses dotting the landscape and keeping the sandy dunes from encroaching upon the small two –way lane. He always knew they were close to her house when he passed a strange grassy hill, ancient (he was told), upon which two rather unusual whale bones was placed atop in an archway just so. John smiled every time he saw it, appearing out of the mist like a bizarre new gateway God had once begun, but abandoned for better things (possibly bunnies). His wee Scottish gran said the archway was erected sometime in the early 1700s, and had been replaced many times over the centuries (John found out many, many years later that it had collapsed not too long ago and subsequently been replaced with a plaster replica, shame that). Most of the community was quite proud of their strange and unusual landmark.
“Any time, really, I’ve…nothing on right now.”
As John dressed (pants, vest, shirt, faded jeans, all passably clean), he realised that since he’d returned to London, he had been slowly, but surely, losing himself. His history, his
," he put special emphasis on using the doctor's given name, goading him on, "you can do better than that."
The decision was taken away from him when Marcus shifted his grip, grabbed John by his biceps and tried to jerk his jacket off completely. He partially succeeded, the jacket was pulled behind John’s back, effectively trapping his arms, and half pulled the jumper down with it. The knitted neck stretched downwards, revealing most of his abused neck, and the appearance of even more skin made Marcus slightly more crazed as he squeezed John’s arms in a death grip. The Omega gritted his teeth and tried to push the man off, but Marcus growled deep, deep in his throat and became alarmingly still.
With a put upon sigh from across the room, Mycroft crossed one leg over the other and spoke, “We need your help Dr. Watson. As a latent Omega, and a homeless one at that, we feel you would be the perfect…candidate to help suss out the killers, and save countless lives in the process. Of course, we would spare no expense with security; your safety would be paramount.”
It was only a few more meters to his regular spot, a dry bit of land protected by a crossbeam, covered in gravel and dirt. In the darkness it was difficult to see the long man-shaped dent in the dirt, worn down by many nights of a sleeping John.
Right now he was only John Watson, veteran, homeless, practically penniless, and general practitioner to those who had nowhere else to go, or no one that would have them.
he had questions. For all of recorded history Sentinels and Guides had been forced to bond sexually in order to prevent madness and degradation of their minds, and how this seemingly meek and…and
Instantly, the scent abated, and John looked up at him through glassy eyes.
looking at the body lying only a scant distance away.
The blond stifled the impulse to shy away; as if he should be insecure, or embarrassed, or
“H-how the
He began to struggle with all his might; he clenched his abdominal muscles and tried to kick away at the man clutching his ankles. Taser man managed to hold on for a few seconds, but with a cry and another fierce contraction, John’s right leg wrangled free and allowed the blond to deliver a vicious kick to the man’s face. The accompanying crunch and fount of hot, metallic blood was appropriately satisfying, but did nothing to stray John from his goal. With a sudden twist of his upper body, he was able to take advantage of the taller man’s surprise and wrench himself completely free.
This self-destructive behaviour had ceased to be a surprise many years ago, and Sherlock’s continuing predilection for drugs and dubious life choices weighed on a heart already heavy with civil responsibility. Mycroft needed resolution, a solution, and if he couldn’t use his tenacity and the considerable resources at his disposal, then he would call in a few favours, if he had to.
managed to make him full Omega.
“Marcus?” John’s voice sounded small and thin, “are you alright?”
Sometimes, he thought, he saw Dr. Adler (Irene) sitting next to him primly, legs crossed and ankles pleasingly tilted towards the floor. Sometimes, he thought, he could feel her cool hand rub the lightly haired and overly sensitive stretch of belly just above his groin, as if he were an ill animal in need of soothing. He heard sweet and cooing sounds from her mouth that he thought were words, but they were perverted and backwards, unintelligible.
The Omega announced his presence by opening the doors and clearing his throat. The young woman started, quite violently, as her attention was so wholly on the apex Alpha that she hadn’t spared any energy for anything else. She smelled faintly of flowers and rain, and John realized she was an Omega, like him…but she was Formed, unlike him. That would explain her worshipful glances and near covetous behaviour around Sherlock. Again, he felt very sorry for her, just as surely as he had felt sorry for Sarah when she had first been introduced to Sherlock.
At this point Brandy burst into tears, unable to keep herself together any longer. “I-I didn’t mean to…
wasn’t ready to listen to this.
“This exact paper was found in the pocket of the last victim, one George Hargrove. Don’t you think it a bit suspicious? A mutilated corpse who participated in a less than public and very much under the radar medical study?”  His index finger pointed at another bit of printing on the flier, making the whole paper wobble about in John’s grip. “You see what it says there? It’s a study on fertility that’s asking for Omegas. I’m sure you can draw your own conclusions.”
“It’s nothing. It was sugar anyway, John.” The Alpha frowned, turning his gaze to the cold, empty fireplace between them.
Then came the mood changes, the restlessness and of course, the nesting. Sherlock wondered if John himself even realized what he was doing, and if he knew that these were all classic signs of an upcoming heat. The man had never had a proper heat after all, and it hadn’t been likely that Irene had the time and motherly wherewithal to sit him down, knit a baby blanket, and explain about the birds and bees.
(See the end of the chapter for
, as you call it…”
John and Sherlock meet the Met and inspect the body. John makes a decision.
(See the end of the chapter for
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
Through the whirlwind of sensation and thoughts (no,
It was his own fault; Ed said he could smell him, everyone always said Alphas couldn’t control themselves. All the textbooks and doctors said he shouldn’t even have a scent, they all said so.
Sherlock followed closely behind, suddenly impatient beyond words to catch even a glimpse of his strong, brave, intelligent, and
Murray answered him with a sly grin, “I’m no slouch.”
Raz blinked and clamped his gaping mouth shut with a snap. John always thought the kid resembled one of those promotional bobble-heads made of celebrities and football icons. His body was thin and narrow, but his head was quite large and round, with a mess of straight black hair that seemed to stick out directly from his scalp. He seemed predisposed to a nervous temper, which made his head turn and bob about on his shoulders as if stuck to his neck on a spring, bouncing and tilting with perpetual motion. Once he saw John he stilled, widened his eyes, and didn’t say another word.
Sherlock himself emerged from the car shortly afterward, a little worse for wear. He was less a member of the elite upper class, and more a damaged and suffering young man with cursed senses and a misguided penchant for inadvertent suicide.
With a sigh borne of complete and utter disgust, he rounded once again on the Detective, face cool and grim.
” He couldn’t believe what he’d just heard.
A change came over Mrs. Chandler’s face, a sudden brightening of the eyes, and she smiled. “I think that would be nice, don’t you Robert? I’d like to hear about Marcus’s time with you as well, John.”
The detective let loose a rather exaggerated sigh, moving the hospital table (carrying the tray, et al) away from the side of John’s bed so he could scoot closer. He clasped one of John’s smaller hands in his own, bringing the knuckles to his cheek in a proprietary fashion. It wasn’t that he needed to scent the Omega - that had been taken care of every day, and quite thoroughly in fact. The room positively reeked of Alpha, a clinging and possessive presence that claimed John as taken and no mistake. However, this touch was gentle, speaking towards a trusting and pure love that John saw reflected in Sherlock’s parti-coloured eyes.
“The woman escaped the clutches of Mycroft Holmes?” he queried, his voice mocking and intentionally provocative (but not without a hint of concern), “why how
The hallway was blissfully clear of the pretentious and decadent furniture that dotted the ground level, and the only things of note were small speakers and cameras located in the corners of the long hallway that led off from the main landing. The speakers emitted a low-key thrum, more of a white noise that immediately felt calming and serene. Sherlock fought it as much as he could. He wouldn’t be a party to their damned
doing here? You heard Greg, run along.” Sally Donovan moved across the asphalt, inserting herself into their little row with arms crossed angrily over her chest. Her ferrety lover, Anderson, hovered behind her in his forensics onesie, oozing scorn and self-importance.
He forced a smile, trying to make it look as insincere as possible, “Well I shall try then, shall I?”
“Um…the same? I dun’ really know. Sorta ‘aven’ been payin’ ‘tention.” Again, he rolled his shoulders slightly, glancing around the dingy bungalow.
“We’ll have to clean it up of course. I’ll ask Brandy and Julia if they can gather up some cleaning supplies later. I need to go to the day centre today though, can’t be helped.” He disliked the centre immensely, and only took advantage of its services because he couldn’t find another alternative he could afford. Some of the workers there looked at John a little too oddly for his liking. When John was in medical school, he managed to hide his gender quite well, even going so far as procuring a fake ID that labeled him a simple beta (no tendencies, a perfect neutral on the A/B/O Gender spectrum).
going somewhere with all of this.” Dr. Watson flipped through several of the pages until he landed on one showing a large, multi-coloured grid. “This is Shopley’s compatibility chart. It shows the various combinations of gene expressions that are compatible between Sentinels and Guides. It seems a bit complex, I know, but there is a method to the madness. The most common pairings are easy to identify, and we have Guide donors readily available for those Sentinels that have only one or two Sentinel genes activated.”
“Precisely!” Sherlock barked, and Molly could only bask in his praise for a moment before he continued, “we need to pinpoint each and every place listed here and draw up an area map of central London. They must intersect at some points, and that will give us an adequate search area. It’s not a complete breakthrough, but it’s a start.”
DISCLAIMER: Same as all others!
under the bridge or huddled away outside in the damp London air. His blurred vision did nothing to answer any of his questions either, since he was still somewhat blinded by the incandescent glare of the lights, and any movement (not matter how feeble) of his head only triggered a searing shock of pain at his temples.
Mycroft continued.
John managed a thin smile, knowing he probably looked far worse than ever the apex Alpha had seen him before. They hadn’t managed to put much weight on him while he was held captive, and now, well, one didn’t garner much of an appetite while initially recovering from a serious leg wound. He knew his face was still scraped and bruised, unshaven, cheekbones entirely too sharp, and the bed baths (while mildly entertaining at first) didn’t hold a candle to a good long soak in a hot bath. Hell, he’d even take a quick hosing down at this point, just to get the stink of infirmity off him.
a good idea.
Sherlock frowned and looked down at John, then back at the body, then back at Lestrade, all in quick succession. For a moment the vivid light in his eyes dimmed, “Not good?” He queried; eyes only on John now.
“Sorry,” John flushed, coming back to himself and abandoning his vivid fantasy of the Doctor wasting away behind bars for the rest of his perverted life, “just a little tired, is all. What were you saying?”
tar), and a strange waxy substance clinging to the sides of the while filter paper, making the water bead and slide along the cylindrical sides.  He leant his head forward a bit and sniffed the tiny bit of evidence, a hypothesis forming in his quick mind.
Turning his attention back to Jeremy, John suddenly realised how cold it was inside this new room. Well, colder than the lobby anyway and, when Jeremy turned on the lights, filled with rows upon rows of painted metal filing cabinets. There were unmatched chairs placed around a small folding lino table in the centre, and John raised both his eyebrows, bemused.
In which Sherlock comes clean, almost. Molly is adorable, and Lestrade is traumatized for life.
John leant over the body of his would-be lover, grimacing and pressing the palm of his right hand against his wilting erection.
“Most people would say family is always ‘their business,’” she replied, moving out of the lift once they’d got to the appropriate floor.
Implant or not, he didn't
Sherlock’s large hands slid enticingly up John‘s chest, neck, and placed themselves on each side of his jaw. The Alpha’s hot breath flooded the Omega’s senses.
Though he had stopped his stilted walk, he continued to stare down at the ground, steeling himself against his emotions. Memories of the last time he spoke to Sherlock Holmes floated unbidden to the front of his mind, and he was reminded, again, as to why he chose to avoid the man for the past few days.
He busied himself with making her a snack, suddenly wanting distance from the intensity of the emotions he felt brewing at just knowing John was back. He shouldn’t. He had tried to suffocate the feelings, but they had only grown stronger. This holiday had rendered him miserable. He’d lost half a stone, he slept poorly, his social interactions had reverted to pre-John status. His body sported several scrapes and a couple of deeper cuts he had neglected and were stinging quite badly. He was a veritable mess. At least he had been able to keep his feelings hidden. Sherlock was thankful indeed for how predictable John was. His haircut, his taste in clothing, were comforting, always the same. As long as John remained himself, Sherlock could give him his space. He took comfort in their familiarity.
“Well you didn’t ever slap him…,” said Sherlock as he took the phone, and continued to discuss with Billy the differences between the drugs administered to the first veterans, and the last witness, Donald Bennes, who was now living in a public housing flat. He in fact did have psoriasis, and the drug administered was not recognized, and did contain a drug akin to insulin. Eventually, Molly left him in the office, and found him the next morning in the morgue, showing something to Allen, who instead of annoyed, was looking quite smitten these days.
John’s body tingled when Sherlock pulled him up on his knees on the bed, facing away from him. Sherlock got close and John could feel his hardness. Now he was using his nails and the tips of his fingers to wake John’s skin up. He tickled his back, his chest, his tummy. It was working, John found it so arousing he was having trouble concentrating. Already painfully hard, his cock was continuously leaking. He felt some movement, Sherlock getting lube and wipes, perhaps. He waited with his hands on the wall, and Sherlock positioned himself behind him, pulling his back against his chest, his hand stroking John’s cock, making John moan. Then he cupped the bullocks and placed a line of kisses down John’s back
John looked outraged: “Oi! Who says we can’t handle a bus! We are MI5 for goodness sake, Donovan!"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dr. Quentin had nothing to add at the moment. He did get up, made tea, and gave some to Sherlock. “I wish I could give you a cigarette. If ever one was needed, it is now.” Dr Quentin wrote some things down, and thought for a while.
It was a good thing Sherlock had already made his vow, given at the moment he had no capacity for words, and tears were falling copiously from his eyes, not allowing him to say even the shortest, most important word. He tried “John”, but it came out a broken whisper.
She talked to him about the Wiggins twins, how she had gone to the hospital to see Molly and Billy had been such a gentleman. How the house had a beautiful nursery and how Kaia had knitted some beautiful tiny cardigans and little caps for them, while Claire had teased her and said Molly would never put them on the babies, and how she should think of giving Molly something. Then, when the three went together to help Molly out at her house, Claire had shown up with tiny pants and booties to complement the cardigans and a big ‘U' pillow for Molly and a baby carrier for Bill, who insisted on carrying the babies.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why do you want to know about my family?” John was trying to force himself to relax, though it was mostly in vain. The opulence of the room did nothing to put him at ease, nor did the unearthly beauty of the Omega next to him. He couldn’t help but compare himself to her. She was long and lean, skin milky and smooth; whereas he was short, weathered, broken, and obviously several dozen meals shy of what could be considered healthy.
"I'm not here to discuss my brother, Dr. Watson."
John had never been a man who was very self-conscious of his appearance (at least not before Afghanistan). He was shorter than the average English male, and relatively slight. His facial features bordered on average, though he was quite proud of his eyes: cobalt blue with a tawny ring around the pupils. His time spent in the Army leant him a lean and fit physique he had once been proud of. Even after he was invalided out of the service, even when he was living rough and barely had the money to wash and wear clean clothes, he didn’t really spare much energy for worrying about his appearance beyond the odd realization that he must have looked bloody awful most of the time (and smelt that way as well).
With a swallow, John slowly brought his head round, opening his reddened eyes to finally take in the woman who’d orchestrated all of this. She looked much the same: perfect, distinctive, untouchable, eyes glinting with depthless intelligence and shrewdness. If she and Sherlock were to ever get together, they’d be quite the pair –
” Sherlock parroted with venom, unamused, the tone of his voice bordering on outright contempt. He makes one complete circle of the body, stepping backwards all the while, arms splayed out at his sides. “By
They moved on, doing their duty as it were, while Sherlock was stood there, staring, and thinking.
Finally, with a
“Patience Sherlock,” his older brother intoned, leaning back on his antique chair, the oil painting of Queen Victoria resplendent behind his well-tailored back, “you of all people know we should not rush these things. We have no idea what kind of security system they have, or if this is even the right address. My men, along with the Met, will gather the information needed before we ‘storm the castle,’ as it were.”
He watched her reflection in the glass, saw her nod and turn round, heading back from whence she came. Her long, sable hair fell like a silken curtain past her neck, the subtle wind from her movement lifting single strands to float away from her face and hover like a cloud about her shoulders.
As for John's birthday, I did a search and most sources seemed to agree on one date, so that is the one I used.
“An excellent theory,” Mycroft admitted begrudgingly, “but our surveillance and chatter analysis have led to no such conclusion. It appears Wilkes and Adler were acting on their own…even Dr. Frankland was but a peripheral component in their schemes.”
The Beta took another step closer to John, crowding the younger man and leaning dangerously into his space. His voice dipped lower, accessing a register that left John a bit breathless.
, he would. In a second, he would.
POLICE: Do go on.
“I will go with you.” Marcus stated, crossing one chocolate smeared arm over the next, both resting atop his barrelled chest with finality.
“Yeah, I’m not sure I’m comfortable with that.” Lestrade spoke directly over Sherlock, taking a step towards the Omega at the same time. He ran his eyes up and down John, much like that Alpha woman did earlier, and clearly found something in John wanting.
“More or less, though it didn’t quite turn out as it should have.”
John clenched his jaw, his muscles flexing formidably on each side of his face. At this point, he felt quite railroaded and, even more disturbingly, used. John had spent much of his life being seen as an object, as a certain type of gender. He wasn’t a Doctor, he was a latent Omega; he wasn’t a soldier, he was a latent Omega.
“Are you my two o’clock? Um…” He looked down for a moment, before glancing back towards the doctor, “John Hamish Watson?”
anything.” He paused for a moment, looking at John intently, “I don’t like not knowing.”
A hollow, thudding sounded from far behind him, and Sherlock turned to see multiple rafters of harsh, milky, industrial lighting reveal lane after lane of a large, heated, steaming swimming pool.
POLICE: However, you are still entitled to free and independent legal advice, do you understand this?
“I dunno, sumfin’ t’ do wif fertility, they said.”
That would show Mycroft, the interfering, overbearing, fat waste of cellular energy.
At this, the man straightened, all traces of softness fled his frame.  He widened his eyes, that manic and frantic energy once again returning and settling into his shoulders. “I need someone on the inside. I already know these murders aren’t random, but I need to find a connection. This is the only link I have; the only way I can explain why all these people met their gruesome demise. Don’t you
“Nothing ever happens to me.”
“The first procedure was a success.” Mycroft shifted in his chair, appearing enrapt, though John was sure much of this tale was already known to him. He had a file, after all.
But he kept all that to himself, of course; locked away, tightly, in a pirate’s treasure chest stowed deep, deep in the gallows of his mind palace, only rarely ever opened - and only then to remind himself that love,
John finally tore his eyes away from Sherlock’s depthless gaze and looked at the slightly crumpled piece of paper; its surface appeared softened by frequent handling. He regarded it quite dubiously, unsure of the taller Alpha’s intentions.
“I know Irene, it’s just that – well, I…you need to see this.”
But she lay unresponsive as one claret drop of blood from the lethal gash in her forehead stained the outside corner of her left eye a deep, rusted red. There was no reaction – no rapid blinking, no unconscious jerk of the head to an alien substance finding its way into her eye. She was utterly and deathly still, head cradled in the John’s dirty hands.
. That
“My…family?”
John raised tired eyes to the taller Alpha, his jumper gathered close to reveal less of his scar-torn chest. “Nothing would have happened, he would have…he would have just finished his scenting. He protects me, Sherlock, he would never hurt me!”
Chlorine – pool –
Another small laugh, and the chair opposite the coffee pulled out slightly.
“Oh my god,
“My older sister is a naturally Formed Alpha, so she never understood what I went through either. I felt…very much an outsider in my own family, growing up. My parents started drinking when I was very young, and there wasn’t much peace to be had in the Watson household after that,” he paused for a minute to swallow, willing the obstructive bulk of supressed emotion lodged in his throat to go away. He wasn’t good at this sort of thing. He found it…difficult to express his feelings in this way, “they took me to several specialists when it became clear I wasn’t going to have a secondary puberty, but in the end they decided that alcohol and gambling were more important than the happiness of their own son.”
He hated his middle name.
“You need me…,” he couldn’t say any more, the rage and disbelief closing off his throat momentarily, cinching his chest and tightening his mouth so much as to be nearly painful.
Yet Marcus only wrenched John’s jacket sideways, tearing one of the lapels. He took in the unfamiliar striped jumper underneath, the mottled bruises around John’s neck and his normally bland face darkened murderously. He shoved his face into the crook between John’s neck and shoulder, as he had done many time before, but there was a panicked urgency to this action that John had never felt previously. Marcus panted and inhaled to the point of hyperventilation, rubbing his face along John’s upper body none too gently.
When they climbed up the seventeen steps to 221B, John felt torn open and more than just a little emotionally exhausted. Sherlock seemed to sense this immediately as he offered to take John’s coat, and then his suit jacket.
“S-so it’s you then, I underwent the procedure and…now I have you.”
“A bit excitable, is he not?” Mycroft’s grin held a smidge of actual mirth this time.
He grasped John’s file to his chest, ushering his fellow Omega through the door and immediately into a darkened room on the right. John only had a second to glance down the white hallway, trying to catch a glimpse of who (or what) was making all that noise, but all he saw was a half-open door and quick grey shadows dancing across the opposite wall.
degree.
Sherlock tensed above him, before grabbing each wrist in a tender grip, pulling them away to expose John’s upper chest fully.
Disclaimer is as it always was and will be. I like to play, and I love them too much to be nice!
“I know that woman,” he spoke, breaking the heavy and serious silence, “in that video. I know who she is.”
what I said, John! And she’s making me feel like I’m crazy! I said to myself ‘Julia, are you crazy?’ and then I answered ‘No Julia, you are not crazy!’ Your girlfriend really did give the man brandishing dead pictures of latent Omegas the name of his next victim, who also happens to be your damn
“Moran will always be useful – in his own way. I keep him around for just that purpose, you realize.”
It is seriously difficult to write good action sequences, and while they are always amazing in my head, I wonder how they translate into my writing. Ah well. Hope you like!
“Sherlock wha…? What…?” Oh god… John, pull yourself
He hovered momentarily over one contact in particular, deliberating, until the oncoming rumble of the tracks and whoosh of stale, humid air heralded the arrival of the train.
A third man, stouter than the other two, had the temerity to look annoyed and almost downright rebellious.
Too true it was.
“No…I-I just need…I’m meeting him here later. Do you mind if I go up?”
“Y-Yes sir,” John answered; he was nothing if not polite, regardless of how others behaved towards him.
A choked sob erupted from John’s kiss plumped mouth…
Oh God, oh
POLICE: You don’t need to answer that question.
, did everyone insist on being alive and present and
The others, laid out in their own slapdash cocoons slowly came to life, equally resplendent in their wretchedness. John didn’t judge a single one of them. How could he? He had found himself here of his own accord, just like most of the others. After all, where does one go when one can no longer function in society, but doesn’t have the guts to swallow a bullet?
“Git.”
Mrs. Hudson fluttered about for another long moment before leaving (finally) and shutting the door behind her with a resounding (and ear-shattering) thud. Sherlock's senses remained painfully attuned to the world around him, and he was still waiting for the full effects of his implant to become apparent.
Well, there were only two after all, and John hated to disappoint.
There was a long moment of pregnant silence in the sitting room. John glared proverbial daggers at Sherlock, who stared unblinking at the Omega in return. Mycroft finally broke the awkward silence in the flat as he uncrossed his legs and stood, his posh brolly repositioned at his side. His footsteps clicked loudly in the silence, softening into muffled thumps as they moved from wooden floor to woolen rug.
“John…” Sherlock’s deep voice cut through the thickened air around them and he would have continued had John not turned away, reaching for his folder to file in the filing cabinets.
John moved across the room, suspicious and apprehensive, half-crouched and conscious of both exits. Years of military training had imparted on him certain skills, one of them making sure his immediate area was secure. She moved along with him, and they almost circled each other, at least two metres between. With a hitch in her breath, she wiped one long, creamy forearm across her face. Her mascara and eyeliner smeared; a fresh shock of black against her alabaster beauty, which strangely enough, did nothing to undermine her loveliness.
The glow from the fairy lights outright mocked Sherlock's suffering, opting instead to gleam and blink cheerfully from around the mantel and mirror. The Alpha swallowed the offensive bite of fruitcake, the sponge so dry as to scrape the lining along his oesophagus every second of the way down. His eyes watered.
” (I’m not John ffs, I’m Adrian, Adrian)
Sherlock paced the living room floor, his hand shaking against his thigh (‘playing an invisible tambourine’, was how Greg thought of it.) “It’s a question. Say someone was bi and had lots of relationships and sex with women. Then he had a long term relationship with a man. Not quite two months after they are broken up, the man starts dating women. Did he ever really like sex with his ex-lover? Or was he just ‘making do'?”
To my patient, long suffering, ever attentive betas
********
One Sunday, after doing some errands, John came home with groceries, intending to drop them off and join Sherlock at Barts, where he was going over some results for a case where the victim was supposed to have mistaken his medicine with somebody else’s that had been ‘accidentally left’ in the family’s kitchen. Mrs Hudson, stopped him as he came in. “John, dear, please come see me after you put that away, I have something for Sherlock,” she sounded anxious.
“Not against each other any more.” Sherlock’s voice was a whisper.
“You’re right. There is one more kiss I want to give my brand new husband, though.” and here there was heat, and mischief in his eyes. He moved the fluffy comforter out of the way and caressed his husband’s chest, his waist, his long legs. Then, when it woke up and started to show interest, he kissed the tip of his cock, and looked at Sherlock. He looked breathless, and happy, so John proceeded to suck and lick and use his hand as his tongue went to his husband’s bollocks.
John, who had quietly observed it all, felt such warmth and wonder inside for this extraordinary man, a love hardly contained in his chest. His own eyes watered at Sherlock’s blinking expression at Lidia’s hug. He didn’t even realize what he meant to this pair of grown-up street urchins from his Homeless Network
“John? Are you coming back, or did Lestrade scare you away with his boring conversation?” Sherlock, his curls like an almighty halo, John’s t-shirt on him, slim fit.
“No. I already told her I would go and I will. Luther is not a concern. He has business trips abroad he needs to attend to.”
“Rosie…”
Sherlock put up a fuss, agitating himself to such an extent that the first responders had to let John come with, to keep him stable. John sat where he was told, reminding Sherlock to breathe, that he was there. He also told him he was calling Lestrade, which he did, and went over the basic facts of the incident with the DI. He also asked if he could have someone pick up the motorcycle, give it back to its owner.
Sherlock held his hand out to John. Their eyes locked together. John seemed about to start saying something a couple of times, but didn’t. So they shook hands. Soon, Luther came around to say goodbye, and take him by the hand.
“He has cuts and bruises that need attention. I’ll take him home and patch him up. Let him rest. He can go to the station tomorrow.”
Sherlock walked toward the sofa.
“Get away from me you beast!” He laughed
John continued his slow, relentless torture
“Yeah. You know why? My mom was soo happy! It made me remember how things used to be, before we moved and they separated. Over there, my family is, open, you know. Grandma is happy, she likes to go to cookouts, she goes to dances, Grandpa guides people through the appalachian trails. My Pop has three kids, and they’re my brothers and my baby sis, too. My aunt loves to do my hair and my nails. She made me outfits! We have a big family and Sundays we all get together. Here, it’s each mom on her own, and I always worry about “Mom” when I’m with “Mum”.
“And that left you feeling…”
“Yes, you did. It happened. It’s over. I would not trade a moment I can be with you, to be with him in any capacity. Even he knew, it was always you.”
They grappled, as John ran to Stewart to perform a quick check on him. The officer was fine, but the suspect had Sherlock in a death grip. They tussled together, Sherlock heard John call out to him, but couldn’t do a thing. Felt the man push him, but clutched at him and they both fell off the roof. John screamed his name. The awning broke their fall, even as they broke it, Sherlock fell on the suspect who hit the side of a dumpster and then the floor. John came running towards them. The man got up, reaching into his pocket. Sherlock delivered a perfect right hook, under the man’s jaw and down he went. In his angst, John almost shot anyway, then saw the man go down, out cold. John then turned the suspect on his stomach, took a plastic tie from his pocket and secured his hands, then took the three steps that separated him from Sherlock, who looked at him with eyes wide open.
“No, don’t bullshit me Irene. What is it you really want from me? Why go through all this? I know I’m not your first test subject, just possibly the first one to be successful. So…what is it you want?”
John took a few steps back, his trainers crushing the grass under his feet. He shifted his bag back onto right shoulder. “I don’t-I don’t know Ed. What does it matter? Just, leave me alone.”
Please leave comments or kudos as you wish, I lurvs them!
become a regular pastime.
to phone you but you’ve saved me the trouble after all.”
“You had an anaphylactic response to the initial donor’s tissue and we had to rethink the entire procedure.”
The Omega woman crossed her arms, face set in a stony mask of non-compliance. “I think you’re forgetting who is actually in charge here –”
The klaxon sounded, making no mistake as to the urgency of the situation. Captain John H. Watson situated his gear on his shoulders, leaving Major Sholto behind without even a backwards glance and heaving the mass until it rested somewhat comfortably on his strong back. Inside his kit, his medical supplies were well secured, and he ran towards the doorway, the opening giving way and dousing him with the hot, sweltering heat of the Afghan sun.
IMA: I am, if you haven’t noticed.  Um, there is one more thing.
“Oh, Mr. Holmes, the mess you’ve made!” Mrs. Martha Hudson glowered in her especially matronly way, setting her ancient and stained tea tray down on the chest of drawers and fisting her hands upon her hips.
Irene smiled - and one might have called it predatory, or shark-like. The adjective really didn’t matter, as the mere act of the thing brought to mind wild creatures that could catch a person and swallow them whole.
John’s words dissolved into a voiceless scream as current after current of electricity surged through his small and haggard body. Every muscle seized at once, preventing John from moving, screaming, even
John woke in a cold sweat, blinking up at the ceiling as shadows and unwanted memories danced about the room. The dream was vague, but that didn’t mean it hadn’t been terrifying - the kind of gripping fear that seized the lungs with paralysis like he’d never breathe again.
had tripped the alarm, and time was now of the essence.
…heat.
Sherlock took both his large hands and grabbed John by the hips, ruthlessly pulling the man’s ass further into the air and forcing his head down, John’s lower back arching to an obscene degree. John cried weakly into the linens, his cock bouncing against the expensive sheets in a short pulse of maddening sensation.
.” He spat that last word out like it had personally affronted him, then ran his hands back and forth through his hair petulantly, like a child pondering a particularly complex problem he couldn’t quite wrap his head around.
“Organ harvesting John, and specifically the cancerous organs; each cancerous cell is a clone of one another, they are all identical,” Sherlock’s voice softened, taking on an almost distracted quality, “are you familiar with the process of creating human recombinant DNA?”
“I could,” and Sherlock smiled, his first real smile since he’d been forced into this horrid place, “I could fix it for you.”
John needed a plan to avenge his death, and that included finding the cigarette smoking bastard that killed him and putting him down like the emotionless, useless dog that he was. John wasn’t entirely sure if he wanted to make it last for the man’s own suffering, or make it quick, for John’s own satisfaction.
A fire-burst to his left threw sparks against the side of his face – glowing embers – but he barely felt the suffocating heat. The licks and spurts of the flames too close against his cheeks were inconsequential when he held the body of his dead wife in his arms, his Sentinel, and Heaven help those who would take her from him.
His Omega was a writhing mess beneath him, beads of sweat glistened on his back, against his bullet wound, against the burn patterns on his hip, and Sherlock had never, ever, seen anyone more perfect or more beautiful than his soldier compromised and laid low, abject and desperate for the relief that only Sherlock could give him.
Mycroft smiled, as if they were just now getting to the crux of the matter. “So, now you truly see my concern.”
your child, James. I am not someone to be
He fell to his knees, desperately clawing at his face.
Sherlock slowed his movements, like treacle and molasses they were, as he languidly undid each and every pearled button of his shirt, revealing a slim and well-toned abdomen underneath that just begged to be bitten and marred and
Casey’s warm hand squeezed John’s arm, offering the surgeon an encouraging smile as he picked up all the trash and offending detritus from the patient’s emergent intubation.
fast.
She rewarded him with an indulgent smile and picked at her sleeves. “That and more, my boy, I’ll just be a moment.” And with that, she exited the room in a rustle of stockings and gauzy swishes of her skirts.
He breathed in, “Look, I’ll tell you everything that happened. I want to help, I really do. I don’t know what went wrong with the mobile, but I still have a brain and while I know both you and your brother are fairly certain I’m an idiot, I can still make and store memories, yeah?”
“But you promised, Irene, when we agreed to all this. You said – you said if I let you do this, use my research, try again and perfect the process, then I could have them for my own purposes,” the hand against the glass clenched, forming a tight fist as the timbre of his voice took on a whinging, wheedling edge.
“Yes, Mycroft, what is it? I was just on my way to -”
She had seen this before, she had seen this
He frowned and sighed inwardly, just knowing by the scent and colour that there was entirely too much milk and not nearly enough sugar. Disgusting.
“What exactly is going on? I mean, who is making all that noise?” John tried to sound only mildly interested, as if it would be alright if she didn’t answer at all. He hoped she did, and that he didn’t appear too eager.
thought.
Yay! Plot! Also, writing deductions can be difficult, so I do the best I can. Writing for Sherlock is actually way more fun than I thought it would be. Anyhoo, another chapter huzzah! Sorry my chapter summaries are so crappy but, I don't want to give anything away in a summary.
“You got all that information from this piece of paper..?”
John brought the delicate teacup to his lips and took a hesitant sip, it was sweet, but not overly so.
IMA: We experience heats just like any other Omega, it’s just that we…don’t go crazy. We don’t succumb to that weakness. We are completely lucid and in control. Sometimes, in the past, I could completely suppress a heat, if needed.
“Do you have any questions for me? Most Sentinels we treat here tend to have a bit of anxiety about the treatment.”
Then John swept Sherlock’s feet out from underneath him in a viciously unfair movement that’d been trained into him since his Army days. Sherlock, comically surprised and taken completely unaware, fell down on his knees
“Permission granted.” The Major leaned back in his chair, looking for all the world as cool and unbothered as possible. John wasn’t sure, but he even detected a hint of amusement in the older man’s gaze. This did not sit well with him at all.
they were killed, we will find John.”
He was gone.
I appreciate all the comments and kudos, you all give me life.
Lilliana stopped crying with a short hiccup, Sarah breathing a sigh through a sob, and Marcus’s mother offered her husband a watery smile.
“Yes, Baskerville,” John spoke to Mycroft, who was busily booting up his computer, “very secretive Army base and all that. Very hush-hush, I suppose.” He looked at Molly, who was peering at the older Alpha with curiosity plainly written across her face, then back to Mycroft.
He pushed that thought away; thinking about a certain apex Alpha’s pale, creamy neck had a tendency to evolve into fantasies of a dubious, sexual nature more often than they did a homicidal one. John did not appreciate his hind-brain for that
Behind him, Marcus’s mother wailed inconsolably.
“Sherlock!" John laughed, “He looks just like you! He’s tall and lanky, look at the cheekbones, and the curls and the eyes!”
-Sounds good to me. Do you think the Consulting Detective will mind if I sneak you a kiss?
They got in the tub, John behind Sherlock, hugging. They sat in the hot relaxing water. Then John took a washcloth and started scrubbing Sherlock’s shoulders, and chest, kissing his hair, his face. John made sure they both were clean, and relaxed, and then got out, dried himself, got into his robe and helped Sherlock out, carefully drying him off too.
John left them there, after calling in the podiatrist for them. He had been impressed by their interactions. Not that he doubted Sherlock and he could be just as loving and considerate, but the verbal communication was missing. The wife had expressed in a couple of minutes what the two men would have needed months to say. The husband had reassured her by verbally liberating her from guilt, letting her know he would be there for her, that he did not care about the money not made, but about her. John would feel the same about Sherlock, not caring about anything else, but saying it was a different manner. He couldn’t help himself. He took out his phone.
“Trip? Where?” she asked, adrenaline starting to rise.
“Come with me to the flat. Rosie will be there. You can sleep with her or on the couch.”
So Sherlock took John’s cock and stroked it at the same rhythm he fucked him to. When he felt John close, he positioned himself to rub John’s prostate. John cursed loudly. He was so revved up, he didn’t take long. Soon he was coming hard, while his muscles contracted around Sherlock, who also came quickly, although not quietly, calling out John’s name.
that went from the eyes straight to the cock and lit the skin on fire. The man opened Sherlock’s shirt, turning the lights down when Sherlock asked him to. Sherlock’s stomach did flips, and he felt himself breathing fast. He felt scrawny and underfed next to Luther, but the man seemed mesmerized. He used his hands to gently touch Sherlock’s chest, and arms. Luther asked him; “Does this feel right?” Sherlock thought back to his sessions and asked him to use firmer touches, which Luther did.  He then followed the outline of Sherlock’s leather trousers with his hands, with the same, deep touch he used on Sherlock’s chest and arms. “Oh baby, the way you make these look! I couldn’t keep my eyes off of you.” Luther opened Sherlock’s fly and lead him to lay down on the bed.
Sherlock worked all night long at cleaning the flat. This had been the longest time John had been away since he came back to Baker. He had gone for a holiday at Harry’s (He had asked Sherlock to come with, but Harry and Clara lived in Cardiff). From there he had gone to a medical conference. Sherlock had been sure he would have died of boredom if he went, but he hadn’t counted on dying of — loneliness? heartache? For Rosie, of course. He had been in an absolute strop when John told him of course he was taking 3 year old Rosie with him, and during the conference she would stay with Harry. Three weeks in total. They were finally coming home.
He also called out Luther’s name, time and time again, everything else blotted out, non existent, no regrets, or feelings, or memories. At some point, Luther put his fingers in his mouth for him to suck on, as he grabbed the curly one’s cock and stroked him to orgasm. He screamed out as he came, wriggling his battered body, feeling the force of Luther’s release inside of him, and experienced the bliss of …..nothing.
“I have to dress up as a handmaid for the class play, but it’s going to be hard to handle the zippers and the headpiece. Will you help me dress at school Meghan?”
I’m sorry I have taken so long. I wanted to invite you home this weekend, but had resigned myself it wouldn’t happen due to the conference.”
Anderson looked stunned, “He could have still taken the poison himself, that is what it looks like.” he said, raising his chin.
He handed the things in a plastic evidence bag to Sherlock. John handed him a smaller bag, with the papers and receipts he had collected. “Some of these look like sketches.”
He slept through most of the morning and woke up to Mike Stamford’s kind face.
Molly came to the bar after “Bang Bang Bang” looking all flushed and happy. “Oh, he’s in a good mood! All happy and quite tipsy. You know they paid for this.”
They did a long opening for people to find their places, as the promenade lit up and music began.
Rosie gave him an eye roll and an “oh puhleeze” look “Jackson’s grandfather, Luther. Really Sherlock, did you think I wouldn’t know? Jackson was over the moon that you two were ‘friends’, but I saw the both of you. He hugged you and he kissed you on the cheek. I saw it! And when you left with him, you held hands. Now, you are big enough to cross the street by yourself, so it was kind of obvious.”
Sherlock gave John a little side look. “Hello John. *Donovan has proven  to be quite an effective DI and she is more open to work with me since I helped her niece get into a good school a couple of months ago. A smart girl, Lewis. As to Lestrade, why would he be jealous? He is not a DI anymore, and even though he is supposedly working for the English government, he still has plenty of time to harass me and impose his presence.”
John had watched the whole chase, the jumps, and the grapple. There had been no imminent danger, as Nelson had jerked his hand back before getting injected, and had managed to keep the “weapon”, an impressively modified guitar pick, so the man was unarmed. John was more than a little turned on by the whole thing, especially Sherlock’s disheveled looks and his panting right now. Of course the git would know, as he was talking with Donovan, put his hands on his hips, looked at John smiling and winked. John turned beet red.
“Would you like to dance, Captain? I could make sure our song played.” Sherlock asked, not looking John in the eye.
“Thanks for coming with mate! I have to try on the damn suit and Myc is so picky with the fit, while I would just say ‘OK’ to everything to get it over with!” smiled Lestrade.
They went to pick Rosie up from the art room, where Gianna had hurriedly taken her. John took Rosie back home to the flat, but only after Sherlock had promised to join them for dinner, as she needed them both with her.
“You, jealous of Lestrade? What, when we just met?” Sherlock laughed, “funny that, Lestrade and I were just talking about that, how times change.”
********
Sherlock noticed that indeed everyone attending used clothes in the colors of the decorations. Harry, John’s Best Person had a beige tulle dress, long and fluffy, with a light blue top, deep v neck, and a camel colored jacket fitted perfectly her hair in a messy chignon.  Mycroft, Sherlock's best man, had a dark blue suit and a grey shirt. Rosie, Pepsi and Nyla had on blue green matching dresses with gray slashes and shoes. The men had light grey suits with different color shirts, and the ladies wore dresses or suits in the color scheme.
He gave her arm a little squeeze and kissed her cheek, then flew up the stairs to grab the bag he kept ready.
“You still talk posh, don’t you? Go get comfortable. I’ll set up the nibbles. I brought some sushi, some biscuits and plenty cigarettes to take us through the night.”
Hearing Sherlock say that almost took John over the top. He gripped the base of his cock hard and thought of Greg actually liking Mycroft. He found the lube and slicked his fingers, reaching to play with Sherlock’s perineum and rim, not for long, neither one of them would last. John pushed a finger into Sherlock, as he kissed every part of the gorgeous, beautiful body he possibly could reach, and Sherlock did the same. John prepared Sherlock, as he kissed his legs and stroked his cock, until the man whinged and said “Enough! Get on with it already!” John giggled and said “hold on, you bossy git” He covered his cock with lube and Sherlock’s rim also. Then he held onto Sherlock’s cock and he carefully entered him. Once he was fully in, their eyes met again. Sherlock looked lost, a look John could not identify. “Hard, John, do it rough.” Sherlock said, his voice a low grumble. That was exactly what John wanted. Because this is what it was about; lust. The feelings, they were just shadows. Ashes of what had burnt up between them. Remnants. So John let the body take over, rough and desperate, pounding into him, didn’t even notice he was saying “Mine” over and over. He didn’t acknowledge his eyes spilling over with tears. Sherlock did not bother to mask his moans, alternating with John’s name. It wasn’t long until Sherlock gasped; “God!! John, I can’t… I’m so close. I don’t…” “It’s alright, it is…” He took Sherlock’s cock and stroked it hard. Four times, and Sherlock moved so deliciously, tensing up, digging his fingers into John’s arse hard, screaming out John’s name covering them both with his release, and John, lost it, pounding into him savagely, as he held Sherlock’s hips to him, screaming out when his orgasm took over. John stayed there, until his body stilled and his breath slowed down a bit, stroking Sherlock’s thighs tenderly.
He immediately wished he hadn’t.
Gasping and gulping down huge swallows of air through his mouth, he quickly realized that was all he could do. He could not breathe through his nose. The fullness in his face reached a centre, shining point, and he flailed, sending a metallic object flying loudly to the floor.
“That’s not really important. I suppose you could say the most important question is
“Take these once a day and Jeremy will set you up with appointments twice a week.” The woman rummaged through yet another deep drawer in her desk, pulling out a thin booklet that looked to be some kind of information packet, “this explains what the medication is, how it works, and what kind of side effects you may experience. All in all, we don’t generally see too many adverse reactions but, better safe than sorry.”
“John,
Next to him on the leather seat, the brochure for the Serenity Cottage (ridiculous name) lay crumpled and forgotten, tossed there at the beginning of his journey in a fit of pique and petulance. Sherlock grabbed at it clumsily, spreading the paper over his lap, damp hands stuttering over its matte finish.
“I need him first, for…my own purposes.”
The nausea and pains from the past day and a half seemed to fade away as John gathered all his energy on this one wild, mad dash. He leapt away from the door, his phone dropping from his hand and feet thudding against the wooden floor across the living room. He paid no attention to the noises behind him as he rounded a dividing wall into the kitchen. The blond could only hear his own breath, loud and stuttering in his ears as he gripped the handle of the back door and flung the door open wide.
“Sir…excuse me! This is an active crime scene and I am going to have to ask you to leave.”  She took a heeled step towards him, crowding into his space.
John and Sherlock needed to have a little talk.
…Daniel Craig? Maybe more like Mr. Bean.
Dr. Frankland stormed across the room and out of the view of the camera; meanwhile the young woman’s face (grasped ineffectually by the frightened looking aide) had finally turned towards the camera. Her expression was twisted; a grimace, with eyes rolled upwards and to the left, her neck contracted so tightly one could easily see the strain on the muscles and tendons. Her mouth was stuck in a rigor of tightly clenched teeth, lips curling back only to allow a bubbling blood-tinged froth to seep from her mouth and onto the bleached white pillow. The woman continued to jerk and convulse against the restraints, though they (thankfully) held tight.
“Your neighbor was kind enough to lend me the phone. Could you…  would you come home?” His voice was low, broken. “If I go out, I might get - get lost.”
-If you were having second thoughts… SH
John saw Sherlock’s closed expression and his clenched fist, lightly bumping his thigh. Not the way he wanted this to go. He couldn’t change the topic without the genius being on to him. He tried to sound conciliatory, “I never said Greg had anything to be embarrassed about. It’s just, if it weren’t for that stripper, the night of the party, I wouldn’t have known anything was going on. I’m happy for them. Whirlwind romance, then. Both families already on board.”’
“Fiances. Or partners, lovers.” John answered.
-If danger is what you want while camping, you may consider a trip to Alaska’s national park Denali. There are many examples of Ursus Arctos, Ursus americanus and Canis lupus, that can provide you with either fear for your life, or the thrill of observing magnificent predators. Think about it, John. I for one am tempted by the idea of studying wolves, as they are fascinating animals. SH
“No, it’s not. I changed it years ago.”
John took a good look at Sherlock. The slit on his throat was nasty and bleeding, but not fatal. God, shallow even. The man had cut just enough to make it bleed moderately for a while. “
“I’m interested in exploring what we have only touched on up until now, John. We have mentioned your father’s abuse. His homophobia. You made what I considered and important breakthrough, though you didn’t want to go further with it, at the time. Do you know what I’m talking about?”
John wondered why the woman had no uniform on, but followed. In the office, there was a bare desk, bare walls and an important looking man, dressed in an impressive suit, who extended a hand to invite him to sit. John did not.
When the girls were each in front of their respective groom, Mike said, “Now, as a symbol of the commitment you have promised one another in front of everyone you hold dear, each take a ring, and say the line John, then Sherlock can repeat it.
Sherlock stayed back with Stewart, going over the notes on Rosie’s computer. “These look like they have two authors, Mr Holmes.” said the younger man.
-How about we don’t tell him? See you tomorrow then. Sleep well. SH
-Yes. I’ll take the ingredients and we’ll make the quinoa Buddha bowls and the zucchini fries she likes, you’ll see she knows how to put the ingredients together.
“John... Yes! yes, husbands!” He lowered himself to the floor, next to John and held on to him for a long while, enough for John to move and sit against the chair, bringing Sherlock into his arms properly.
“Earth to Sherlock? What’s got into you? Have you listened to what I’ve said at all? Here I am, thinking I’m clever, trying to impress you, telling you about the shunt they demonstrated at the conference, and you are not paying attention at all! I was told you were distracted. By the way, not good the way you’ve treated Greg, he must have texted me a dozen times! Sherlock? Oh, cripes, let me put Rosie down for her nap, she’s falling asleep in her chair.” John got up and took Rosie upstairs. As he went, Sherlock guiltily checked out his arse. Not good! The checking part, the arse was very good indeed, wrapped into that tight fabric… Sherlock had to stop himself from following John. Instead, he served lunch, sat at the table, and when John came back they ate. Or John ate, as Sherlock couldn’t keep his eyes off The Beard and how it moved when John ate, when he took a sip of white wine.
Sherlock shared a cab with John and Watson, then went home himself, to find Harry Watson smoking against the doorframe, a large bag next to her. Without saying a word, he opened the door, gestured her in, and let her in his flat. She put the cigarette out.
Rosie said, looking into John’s eyes, very satisfied with herself; “Don’t worry Meg, John knows this is my hair. I can cut it as I like. If he doesn't, that's alright. We all have to be ok with things we don’t like, don’t we.” With that, she skipped away to open up food bags, while Harry laughed until her stomach hurt. “ If she’s like this now, I don’t want to see the hell she’ll give you when she’s a teen!”
The young man thanked him and seemed happy with Sherlock’s advice. After a break, he gave the stage to his colleague, a taller, broader, blonde bloke with a remarkable voice, but less charisma. Sherlock noticed the man’s eyes were constantly on Quincy.
Sherlock looked up from the turtle he had made from the newspaper and gave a bitter laugh, “I started taking harder cases, because after Sholto’s visit, I felt inept as your partner, unworthy. I wanted to feel competent, to have excitement, adventure to offer you so I could hear you say how amazing I was, so you could be proud of me, only to see you retreat until there was no intimacy or affection left. Even so, I never thought you would leave.”
Hal actually stood his ground and said “To you? Not a chance, lady!”
When he came back, she hugged him. “Child you have such talent!! Why have you been hiding this?” He had added little sketches of Sherlock on the bicycle, Molly, Billy, and them at the sushi restaurant, Rosie, handing a bowl of strawberries to Sherlock, she with a knowing look, he with a guilty one; the wording to that one said “When was the last time you ate, Sherlock?” There was a full page colored sketch of Sherlock and Charlie, dancing, Sherlock looking stunning, Charlie beautiful with a happy smile. One of Rosie and Pepsi, arms around each other and covered in mud, laughing after losing a race during the picnic. The last one was of Sherlock, during the picnic, sitting on the blanket, against a tree, with his arms around his legs, looking up at some bees with a dreamy expression and a small smile.
Sherlock turned and enveloped him in a full body hug. “Just who do you believe to be the octopus, John?”
“Where are you going?” Asked Sherlock, sitting up.
******
“The song. It would have been our song, at our... if we had...ah, forget it. It seems I’m quite inebriated. Ignore me.”
“YOU UTTER DICK!! You bastard! I want to give my daughter a normal life! Let her get to her teens before she knows about forensics, and what poisons could be well hidden by common foods, and what the wounds left by different guns look like!! I want her to grow up doing sane, normal things!...”
“Oh! Wigg...Bill! Good to see you looking so well!”
“You are still very angry at him.” Said Beverly. John’s therapist. He had gone to Ella, but he had to admit he felt judged. She knew him for too long, she had been there for him when Sherlock...went away? when Mary died, when he and Sherlock finally started their relationship. She had looked so sad when John had gone in and told her why. Ella had given him a card, looked him in the eye and said. “I will not be seeing Sherlock either, John. I have no professional distance left for this. I’m so sorry.” So now he went to Beverly.  He supposed any therapist he went to was made aware of the importance of secrecy. She listened and nodded, which was fine with him. Today though, she seemed more present.
He looked at her for a minute. “Not like this. Not yet. I’m not sure yet.”
-John…
“Holmes. You are going to tell me right now how your relationship began. Use that eidetic memory of yours. I want to know how the two of you became a couple.”
When they, or more precisely Sherlock, had finished inspecting the enormous “backyard” which had grown wild for lack of a caretaker, they took a walk along the border. The “cottage” was a gorgeous house two floors, three bedrooms, two bathrooms. It managed to keep its original old time flair, and John was very pleased with it. There were some minor renovations and updates, but they were not urgent. The outside did need attention sooner rather than later.
They stood against the rails, looking at the gardens below, flowers in bloom. Sherlock talked about bees and how those particular gardens had their own hives, what kind of honey they produced and as many inane details he could think of. John was looking at him, but not listening and it made him increasingly nervous. John put his hand on his back, moving it up and down his back. Good, but not good. He stopped talking.
Sherlock let out an exasperated breath, rolled his eyes and glared at his lover. “Fine,” he muttered. “Fuck me John. Please.”
“He extended it!” John said, pacing the floor of Molly’s  office. “Literally took over the house next door and made a new bedroom, and a new washing room! Oh, and he has a library, complete with a victorian day bed!”
“Perfect for now, but to hand in your work you will have to use your…” John started
*******
“Because you never say it right?" John ventured
Sherlock went downstairs to Mrs. Hudson as Rosie went to meet John. He saw John’s half grin when he spotted Rosie’s new Bee trainers, which they had gone to a shoe store an hour away to get. He checked him out quickly. Sunburned and happy looking. Also stealing glances at the stairs. Mrs. Hudson asked him in for tea, but he declined, saying he was tired and needed a shower.
I will be adding songs linked here and maybe some others that I listened to on repeat while writing this; Will You Take Me Home
“Well, I have seen him, it’s just, he was ok. Really interested in this latest case, you know? He’s been working well with the D.I.” Molly said.
“Use that brain and think, Lestrade! If there are no similarities in the place, or in victims, the killer must be using the same poison. Check for aeroplanes or aeroports in common, hair stylists, clinics. The killer is randomly selecting them, but they must have all come to him first. Think Lestrade, I would love to bet your team against me!” Sherlock seemed about to jump for excitement.
Right across it, there was a guest room that was similar, though a little smaller. There was a space in front of the rooms, that had a long window seat, with plush cushions on it. There was Rosie’s easel, a target with magnetic darts, and various board games.
Did he have to look so damn good? The bloody shirt turned lights on in his eyes. Even tipsy, even now, Sherlock remained, by far the most beautiful person in the place. John’s body felt an electric charge, when the man leaned over to talk to him.
“Are you sure you didn’t know about the flat?” he asked Molly.  “I mean, you didn’t know and forgot to mention it, did you?” John had been deeply hurt and angered that Sherlock had thrown himself into full fledged renovations of the flat, the moment he marched out, and had made very sure Sherlock knew it.
“Don’t get too used to it. Most likely wedding jitters.” Mycroft said, but he had the faintest smile.
Why did that answer make him happy? “A boyfriend’s place then? It’s all good, you know.”
“That sounds great! How is he doing? Is he still seeing Ian?” John smiled at the slip, “Yeah, he still sees Dr.Quentin. A couple of times a month. He feels he helps him practice putting his emotions into words, and saying what he actually wants to communicate.”
“No.” He said sternly, and heard her gasp. He was never stern with her. “Sorry Little Bee. I’m not alright at the moment. I need some more time to sort myself out. Please go back to Nana’s, get a couple more hours of sleep and help her with breakfast. I’ll be better by then.”
The coach left, in a huff. Sherlock looked at John, who stopped him when he tried to talk. “Not a word. He was all kinds of disrespectful with no provocation on your part. He had no right to say any of that, and it’s not true. I’m still your best friend. Dam if I’m going to let people insult you in my presence.” Sherlock stayed behind for a minute, entering this into his mind palace, for later consideration.
“Hey! I’ve been texting you, a lot, and calling? Could we have lunch? We should talk.”
John was at the clinic finishing up with a patient who had broken a toe and fractured her foot by dropping a hammer on it, when her husband had come home and greeted her loudly. “He startled me and I dropped the bloody mallet! I was an idiot to drop it! I’m so pissed off! I had a month to go in my job! I’m a school teacher. I’m up for summer school too, now I’ll have to tell them I can’t. Are you certain it’s broken? Can’t I just ice it?” Her eyes said they knew the truth.” John saw Sherlock, his poor badly healed foot.
*******
“Why?”
Having bit off much more than he could chew, John answered hurriedly. “No thank you, enough Sherlock. It’s just- I left. I dated a handful of people, but you were the one who had a relationship.”
John looked amused. He called Rosie over. “This is what you want then?”
Sherlock took a seat then; “Lizbeth, would you prefer to let Charlie go back to the States, then? See Nyla six months of each year and Charlie none? She told me a friend of hers connected her to an old flame. You didn’t like it when she went out with me or when she ‘slept over.”  He said in a meaningful way.
John went on, undeterred; “I want her to have NORMAL friends, with a NORMAL family…”
At the other end of the dining room, there was a guest bathroom, and finally, a room that had a washer like one John had openly admired, a dryer, shoe racks and closets for out of season clothing and space to keep linen and towels.
“Welcome home, John Watson. Welcome back, my dear one.” Now tears spilled down his face, and he hid it against John’s neck. John hugged him gently, and took his hand, leading him to their bedroom.
At school, Rosie had picked a fight with Pepsi, because as always, she could tell when Rosie was upset, or worse, when she was out of her depth and she would insist in doing something Rose didn’t want, such as call her dads. She had noticed this morning, when she came to put her books in her locker. There was another white envelope there. She had pushed it in deeper to hide it from Pepsi’s ever seeing eyes. The first note, found a couple of weeks ago in the same place, had been stupid, but disquieting. “Do you worry about being like your mother?” In general she hadn’t, not giving her mother much thought.
-That’s fine. SH
“I wasn’t aware I had called out to John while Luther and I were, intimate. He kept it to himself. This time, I suppose it happened because John came to the party. We hadn’t seen each other in over two months. He was very friendly and open with me. He seemed to want to be close.”
“Our family has gone through rough times this year. We have suffered through separation, loneliness, illness and sadness. But my fathers, they are magnificent people, who know how to make the best of not good situations. Now, we are stronger for it. We are all loved and cared for. We have each other.
Now, for the first time, John felt fear, cold and pitting in his stomach. But, no. Sherlock would never agree...No. not even after all those things they had said…
“He doesn’t trust me, Beverly. He told me he is confused about our relationship of late. He thinks the only reason I would want him is… um, for sex, since that was one of the strengths of our relationship. He also said he thought I would only want him in between relationships with women.”
The fact that Charlie was going through many of the same things Sherlock had made talking easy. They stayed up quite late. They also managed to finish the rum.
“Obviously you did not miss me at all, since Herself gets the royal treatment and I’m left on the curb.” John came in with a suitcase and two backpacks, and one of Rosie’s shoes. “You could’ve at least said hello, you git.”
“Husband,” said Sherlock, “you inside me.”
“Always nice to make the headlines. Get to your point." Sherlock was actually making an effort to not be rude.
The boy, Sherlock, blinked repeatedly, then said, “You think so? Amazing? That’s not what people usually say.”
“I was not talking to ‘baby’, as that was Luther’s pet name for me. I never used nicknames…” At that, John stared at Sherlock, threw the rest of the clothes on the bench and left the room. He walked to the front, put his shoes on. “John,” Sherlock desperately wished for him to stop. “Please don’t. I broke up with Luther after Jackson’s birthday party. Can I tell you why?”
As he listened to him talk about criminals, and finding clues, and how to hide in plain sight, John took the time to really look at Sherlock. He doubted he had ever seen a more beautiful human being, and he had honored his lady’s man title of “Three Continents Watson” extensively. Although, lately there had been none of that. He had never been attracted to men, or never attracted enough to do something about it.  Harry was the gay member of the family, and she had been out since she was a teen. There had been something with his superior officer in the army, but never anything physical. So why did this young man before him… enchant him so much? Why did he feel as if he couldn't bare to leave him? Obviously homeless, obviously a junkie. Yet there was something unmistakably… posh about him. Beautiful, evidently, but a beautiful disaster. So different from any other person he knew. John licked his lips looking at the man’s pink, pointy upper lip, the full, bottom one. He cleared his voice, and tried to keep up his end of the conversation.
Even though the trip back was long and tiring, Rosie insisted they go to Bakers Street. Once there, they found out Sherlock wasn’t. Mrs. Hudson said that since Rosie hadn’t been in, he had decided to take a case for Mycroft and was working from there. “I’ll let him know you are back, love. He’ll pick you up on Thursday.” When Rosie went upstairs, to leave some presents she had bought for Sherlock, John tried to get some information
“Rosie sit down. It’s just one weekend.” John said in a hushed voice.
Sherlock smiled. John always took the tube. He was only hurrying because it was Harris’s office.
He had scoffed at that, believing every coincidence had a scientific explanation that couldn’t be seen by the common person’s eyes. This however, seemed to be either a real coincidence or a cruel trick of fate. Because the man Moran worked for, and seemed consumed by, not only had an obsession with his little brother, but was a true psychopath. Mycroft had gotten the call from Sherlock, who had discovered the man’s real name; James Moriarty, aka Jim O’Doherty, aka Richard Brooks. His brother had been a child when they first met, and was extremely discomfited by the experience. He had been tormented by nightmares he did not want to disclose to his parents or to Mycroft himself. Mycroft in an attempt to help him conquer the bad dreams, and push back the impending depression that he felt hovering over his younger brother, taught Sherlock a memory technique, guiding him to create a Mind Palace, where he could store or lock away memories. Sherlock succeeded beyond Mycroft’s expectations and successfully locked O’Doherty’s obsessions deep in the files of such Palace.
Sherlock was very quiet in the cab. John held his pinkie with his smaller one. Sherlock allowed the contact. He eventually said: “John, best drop me off at Baker Street. I won’t be good company tonight.”
“I want to suck you off… so bad,” and without waiting for a response, proceeded. He remembered just how Sherlock liked it, his hand covering the base, lips around the head, tongue playing around it. Then sucking hard enough to wipe the cheeky little smile off his mouth and see him grip the edge of the desk hard, close his eyes and his legs shake with the effort of not groaning out loud. Sherlock almost lost it when John took his bollocks in his mouth one by one, sucking each one and licking at them with a flickering tongue, enjoying how that made Sherlock’s legs tremble. John took his cock in his hand, spreading the precome at the tip with his thumb, making Sherlock gasp and thrust slightly. To tease him a bit longer, John stood up to kiss his neck, and his lips, and to make sure there was no sassy smile left, as he moved his hand up and down Sherlock’s body, pinching a nipple, making circles on his tummy, . He raised Sherlock’s vest and sucked on a nipple, making him yelp, then he went back on his knees to tend to  the cock, which looked painfully hard and leaking, and sucked on, playing with the intensity of  it until Sherlock could no longer remain quiet, and trying to contain the noise brought tears out of the corners of his tightly shut eyes. John grabbed his lover’s hips and and pulled them towards him, a couple of times. Sherlock moaned, gasped and said “John!” as he came.
“You total arse!! Don’t you dare come hunting around for cases until John is back!! He is going to hear about this you know!!”
“Mhm, client, though unknowingly” Sherlock said with a grin.
“You brought me here under the pretense of a professional interest in the topics presented, related to health services and care for veterans. You said the purpose was purely educational, and a bit of a holiday for the two of us. Somehow, the fact that you are the next Veteran’s Department Director for Cheltenham Hospital, managed to fly out of your brain.”
“Let’s continue this tomorrow at the Yard. You both look wiped out.” said Lestrade, gathering his things. He got to the door, and before he closed it, popped his head back in, and said, “By the way, congratulations you two!”
“Oh!... I don’t know...It’s just...I…” stammered
They took in some sights and walked until the boardwalk started filling out with people and Sherlock decided to return to the resort, to wait for John. Once there they went to a restaurant close to the bar and had fizzy drinks.
“Excuse me?” Luther called.
“I am never going to hit you again, Sherlock. Ever. I thought we were each having a sparring mate. I can’t with you, just...please, no.” John begged
“Oh yeah? What about this…,” he kissed Sherlock’s neck,  “...this is awesome. And this…,” he kissed Sherlock’s clavicle, “is splendid”. “This,” a kiss to his chest, “is wonderful, and this,” a nice hard suck to his left nipple, “is marvelous.” That had Sherlock groaning and gasping “Bed, now!” to a happy John. Ever since they had gotten back together, Sherlock seemed to need to be in charge of the love making, otherwise, he was reluctant to engage. Therefore, John was happy to indulge Sherlock in whatever form of intimacy he had in mind.
They celebrated the January birthdays as a family, though they had to wait for the February half term holiday. John went ahead and surprised Sherlock and Rosie with a trip to Arctic Quest. He had been dreaming of it since he had  first gone, but carrying out the surprise was a feat in of itself. He had gone to Lizbeth’s office to use the computer, and secure reservations. He made sure to rent a bigger comfortable van for the trip. He talked with Mrs Hudson, Kaia and Claire to let them know of their weekend. He called Donovan to let her know the dates of the trip. On the day before, he simply informed his loved ones they were going on a surprise belated birthday trip. John had made their suitcases. There was much huffing and puffing and questions, which John just answered with, “It’s a surprise, my beloved. Just trust me both of you are going to love it.”
“Liz dates men. Her family convinced her marrying a man of her status would be good for business or the family or some nonsense. I can’t believe she truly likes it. Have you dated?” Charlie wanted to know.
“No, I ensured her abusive, drug lord, American husband was sentenced to death, for eliminating his competitors. She promised to rent me a flat, once I procured a co-renter. If you feel up to it, we could go see it in a week.”
Most of the preparations for the ceremony and the party were kept from Sherlock. He was happy that John had gone with doing it at their Sussex house. They had stayed over the weekend a couple of times, with Meghan. Now there were fairy lights hung all over and everything was decorated in camel, light blue, blue green, sliver gray and off white tulips.
Sherlock left a voice message for John, then rushed to start the search, hoping Rosie had been able to hide. Mrs. Burns told him she saw a phone very close to the edge of this desk, but didn’t find anything in the art supply closet in the art room behind the stage. The two of them ran back, Sherlock yelling at the janitor, who was about to enter the classroom, to stop. They went in, Sherlock looked at the phone, at the hiding space under the desk. He opened the desk drawers. Saw it. Other than the placement of the phone, there were no signs of a hurried call. Sherlock looked in the art supply closet. Cans of paint, a couple of stacked easels, large cardboard trifolds. “Watson?” he called, “it’s me, it’s Sherlock.” There was no response, not the smallest sound. Sherlock proceeded. “LB, this is WSSH Bumble - 221 Vatican Cameos.”
John is on a case with Sherlock, and though there are no more international webs of evil, there is excitment, a chase and a just reward. Also a little glimpse of something Sherlock purposefully started.
Rosie came to in the school infirmary to the sounds of Sherlock’s booming voice.
“After that, after the baby’s baptism, everything exploded. Mary left, the baby was not weaned and did not take well to formula, John was distraught. I practically lived at his place and took the night time shifts with the baby as much as I could so he could sleep. Molly helped during the daytime, since I had to try to find Mary. After six months we had a good clue to where she was, we chased her half around the world and brought her back.”
“NO!! I mean, I’m more wondering why you grew it, why the change in style.”
“Woohoo!! About time!! Thank you, for finally getting it together!!”
“Oh Sherlock, sweet thing, I have been holding back since we started out. If you want it you are going to get it, baby, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“Baby, it’s not such a big deal. I knew from the start, from the way you said he had
This little story is a gift for my very first reader,  beta and whom I proudly call a friend,
“Sherlock. I want you to make at least one new friend you can do things with. New, not a mutual friend of John’s. Oh, and this time, preferably one you do not engage in intimate relations with.” Sherlock smiled at that. “I would like you to consider asking Dr. Watson if he would agree to meet with me.” Sherlock made a curious face. “...I want to be able to give you some kind of informed advice, Sherlock. If Dr. Watson is willing to come in and fill a couple of forms for me, I might better know where we stand in terms of a working parenting relationship with him.”
“You did this for me.”
“I told you I wanted to be with you. You reminded me you were married and you lied that you were straight. I begged you: ‘Greg, Greg, please’ and you said…”
- ... *(We should really limit our interactions to Watson, John)
They spent a very pleasant Saturday with Harry and Meg, visiting their very favorite Cardiff places. Meghan and Rosie made headbands to go with her new style and Harry made sure John knew what she thought about him and Sherlock. She had advised he fight to get him back. Pronto.
They (He) watched Sherlock dance a couple more songs, until Angie started getting uncomfortable with having her date’s attention, divided between her and the bloke on the dance floor, and demanded to be taken home. John almost couldn’t, lingering as she got up, turned towards the vision on the dance floor, wanting...but there couldn’t be a repeat of the last time...it would finish him. So John left. Sherlock didn’t even suspect he had been there, watching him.
John made tea, as Sherlock put a groggy Rosie to bed, then he heard him in the loo. He came back in pajamas and one of John’s jumpers, put the inflatable bed to fill and turned on the telly.  John changed into his pajamas as well and brought the bed things over. Sherlock had been very quiet after the party, overwhelmed perhaps, by the shows of affection, by Dylan and Lidia, by Molly and by Wiggins, who had later, when a little drunk, thanked him loudly, for taking him on as an apprentice, for having faith in him, for paying his way through uni, when he wouldn’t have had any chance of a higher education without it. Bill hugged him and was very emotional, to the point John had thought it best to intervene and call it a night.
“Pardon me?”
Then he met Angie, tall, wavy, long, dark hair and soulful brown eyes. Very smart, liked to talk about anything. Fun, active personality. They went out both aware they were in it for grown up companionship, rather than a romantic relationship. Their dates went well, and he really liked her, but they were not a couple. Angie was not interested in family life, or having children, which suited John fine. This week, she had rotations with another caregiver as a hospice nurse, so she could date on a wednesday, which thanks to Molly, he could do tonight.
“So after all that talk about the posh boys being fairies, you were just gagging for me? How did you even keep your schwanz in your pants, you groBer idiot?”
“We have talked about some of the misunderstandings that led to our separation. Some of my behaviours were addressed. John recognized some of his behaviours were not good, and also that he had been surprised when I told him he could go if he wanted to.”
“Yeah, about that, I heard about your ‘boyfriend’...”
“I don’t see any police! It’s just like when you came and ruined poor Ms O'Keillie’s career with your nonsense!! You made such a mess, they never called her to substitute again!”
“I told her that I would rather go home with you, than to Nice with the rest of the group, and that she could come with. She said she would still go to the beach with Pepsi and Mel, because it would be ‘weird’ for them to go alone with her family.”
“Good sweetheart. I know he loves you  and wants to make amends. I need to know you are sure of this step. I want both of you to finally be happy.”
“You didn’t? Even when we were separated?” Sherlock was curious.
“Not a problem, Molly. We are broken up. It's fine.” He said, though it wasn’t.
“Dr Watson, good to finally meet you, Dr Sawyer has a lot to say about you.” Molly said with a smile that did not reach her eyes, her handshake weak and cold. “So you are his new flatmate? Odd, he didn’t say anything about that to me, just wanted to check out that suicide victim.” She looked John over, not particularly in a nice way.
At this John stepped towards them. “Mr Reids, I strongly suggest you go back to your gym. Sherlock is here on police business.”
He had been breathing hard, pulling on his hair, now he got up and went into the bedroom, wanting to be next to Rosie, the sight of her, in the partial darkness, the familiar smell. He went around the bed to touch her fingers, reaching out to him on the sheets in her sleep. John had said he made mistakes. Called him his partner. He didn’t feel things were over. Funny that. Sherlock had just started admitting to himself they were done for good. No. No. Just breathe. Look at Watson, focus on her.
“Sure. Colleagues. Best friends.”
As Sherlock talked, Luther touched his arm, then his neck, then put his hand on Sherlock’s cheek and jaw. When he kissed Sherlock, Luther’s lips were warm and lush; he sucked on Sherlock’s lower lip, then, delicately licked, until Sherlock opened his mouth, surprised at how something that felt so different when he did it with another man, could still feel so good. Sherlock kissed back, amazed to feel that he wanted this, and he wanted more. Luther got closer, held Sherlock to him, did some more gentle touching. When Sherlock relaxed a bit and started touching Luther’s arms, his back and his face, Luther stood up, and held his hand out to him.
“Yes. I’m with Harris at a crime scene. What is it?”
Find the songs that inspired me while writing this monster at
Donovan nodded, but said, “Better yet. She’s smart. And it’s a good head on her shoulders, not just daydreams.”
“It would be nicer if we could have sleepovers, Harry. I could show you my experiment book and my stories.”
Mycroft sipped some tea. “Well, as expected. We are simply no good at this, brother. It’s a fortunate thing Anthea and mummy have thrown themselves into it. We have...a wedding planner…”
“I haven’t named the amount. You would...” tried Mycroft.
“Sherlock, I have been wanting to do this since we laughed together that first night at the door. I think I’ve loved  you ever since. I knew it when you were away, and I denied it when you came back. I only came to call it what it is after I moved back in. I love you Sherlock. There will be no one else for me. He kissed his madman.
“I’m here now. And this is beautiful, and I’m an idiot. But I’m your idiot, and I won’t leave again. This time we will say what we mean. I love you and you are my home.” He put his hands gently on the detectives face. When Sherlock finally looked at him, his eyes were moist, and he seemed to have trouble talking. So John kissed him, gently, lovingly, until he could talk again.
At this Sherlock yelped, threw his hands in front of him as if trying to protect himself from a blow. John caught the word, barely, feeling like someone who had been running wild and miraculously managed to turn instead of falling off a ledge. They were left looking into each other’s eyes. Both men knew exactly what word would have come next. John’s knowledge in his shaky breath and his tearing up eyes, Sherlock’s in his face gone clammy and pale and his hands went up to cover his eyes. The room spun around him.
“She is pregnant, John, did you not see her distended abdomen? Though she had champagne at the house warming so it is less than three months. With that size of growth, she is most certainly carrying twins. Molly has never mentioned having any relatives who are twins so it most probably falls on Wiggin’s genetics, and in that case, we will never know for sure, as his mother had multiple partners."
“Next time do, and we’ll go on a holiday at his expense. Somewhere scandalous, like Las Vegas and use his card and his ID to get into the Casinos and gay bars.”
“Did you erase them? Did you listen to the messages first?”
“Hands off, buster. He is way out of your league!!” Harry had actually grabbed him and thrown him off. “This git is married.” and she stood in front of Sherlock, hands on her hips.
“Where did you hear that?” asked John.
Another story that I love is
Tonight, however, her attention was completely taken by this little family reunion. She was happy to see Rosie had kept her hair style. She beamed at them in a pretty summer dress and her beloved bee Vans. John looked completely at home, with a pair of dark gray trousers, penny loafers, no socks and a blue shirt that looked so soft. He was laughing with Harry. She had on smart light grey trousers and a pink button up that made Meghan feel like an inadequate country bum with her flowered sundress and sandals. Thankfully she had let her brown hair down, instead of putting it up in a braid, like she had planned to initially.
“You see, to me it meant she cared for him enough to not want him to throw himself away. It took us both a while, Sherlock and I, to get our heads on straight and find our rightful paths. Sherlock got me into rehab, and arranged a scholarship for my uni bills. He has remained a friend and a support throughout all this time, and was also the one to reintroduce me to Molly. See, I’d ask about her all the time, but never thought she would give me the time of day. Sherlock inadvertently kept pushing us together, and she decided to give me a chance and I’m the happiest I have ever been.
So they stood together, looking at the people dancing until Greg left, with his daughter holding his arm while he waved goodbye with the other hand, and people started following. They watched some late dancers. That was, John watched, as Sherlock walked, not quite steadily to the bar for one more whisky, then came back to stand next to John. The dancers started leaving, the club emptying out. John looked for Molly, and thought for a moment that Sherlock had disappeared. He hadn’t. He was now, sitting on the floor, giggling, whisky in hand.
“Well, I know you. When you are happy you play nice songs, the classics, or modern music or your compositions. When you are sad, you play Samuel Barber, or Richard Strauss or that sad piece you composed yourself. But you tore the strings to shreds first, then went Requiem on us and then you went back to high energy music. Whatever is confusing you, it's probably easier than you think. Remember when you told me the maths test I was scared of would be easy, multiplication and division and I just had to read the problems carefully?”
“Are you sure about that?"
Rosie saw him and came running to: “Jooooooohn!!” She screamed! “Yay! You came! Come make bubbleeeesss!!”
*********
“He doesn’t answer my texts if they’re not about Rosie. And I’m not allowed upstairs at Baker Street. Can’t get around Mrs. Hudson, and Sherlock, well he hasn’t exactly invited me.” John complained.
When John had gone over what he had said, Harry just listened quietly, eyes down hands on her Ginger Beer. When he got to what Sherlock had said, she interrupted.
it was indeed good fortune.
John wondered if he was supposed to be grateful, but he made no outward indication he’d heard the woman’s words. Irene Adler was at the bottom of the list of people with whom he wanted to speak right now, and he didn’t care if she knew she was being ignored or not.
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
Two honks of a car horn sounded in the muffled and rainy night. The driver, the man who’d practically cracked open John’s skull with his fist, stepped out into the night. He carried a gun at his side, and his body strained with an overt kind of tension that made John realize he wasn’t afraid to use it.
This caught Sherlock’s attention, and it took a moment for the Omega woman to collect her wits about her when she was hit with the full brunt of Sherlock’s iridescent regard.
IMA: I’ve already told you…it’s, it’s like flexing a muscle, or – or making a conscious decision, it’s hard to explain. If I could tell you more I would.
Visit me on the Tumbles:
There was also a small cut just beneath the brunet’s eye that John had cleaned, but deemed stitches unnecessary. It was obvious Sherlock had wanted to argue; he even opened his mouth to try and speak before John flashed him with a truly monstrous expression.
Sherlock moved up his arm, slowly, languidly, snuffling into the crook of his elbow and tasting the delicate skin at the fold (salty, with the tang of musk). He lifted off the chair, effortlessly graceful, and joined John on the bed, always acutely aware of his injury.
All at once his mind stilled, focusing on one point, the central mystery, the fly in the ointment.
A wee little flashback to John's time in the RAMC, plus new information on the case!
. You are the one we need. No one else has the appropriate medical background, to help us.
did this John, they’re responding to
His fingertips scuffed the edge of his nostrils clumsily, alighting against the rough texture of some kind of fabric, or gauze, perhaps? He pulled at the foreign substance and instantly groaned in pain.
happened?”
“What is this really about then? And no fibbing, I can tell by your scent when you’re lying.” This wasn’t exactly true, but John tapped one worn finger against the side of his nose as if he could tell by Sherlock’s smell whether or not he’d switched dry cleaners or if the beans in the refrigerator had gone off.
His entire body hummed with an undercurrent of energy and arousal that was impossible to ignore. Muscles twitched that formerly felt dormant (or non-existent), his mind drifted to thoughts of carnality and passion, something he’d been able to easily keep in check before. Flushing, he felt a warm bit of wetness make itself known in the snug crease of his backside.
"Everyone got that from a book." The Alpha responded, lowering the violin to his lap as he and John finally locked eyes.
“Oh Jesus,” John burst out, blinking the sweat away from his eyes with impatience, “stop talking and bloody fuck me already! I can’t
“I didn’t realize it before. I – didn’t know…how this was done, how these things were done, I mean…I…,” Sherlock took a step forward, crowding John’s space, both hands cradled in leather lifted to rest at each of John’s biceps, “I’m sorry it took me so long to realise.”
Both Sherlock and Molly shared a quiet moment, smiling at each other. The scent emanating from Sherlock was one of anticipation, spicy, full of overt strength and purpose. It made her head spin, and while she knew she didn’t have a snowball’s chance, she knew there wasn’t much she wouldn’t do for this man.
He would not be a happy patient when Trudi arrived, that is,
He finally let the duffle bag slip from his grasp; it jerked his right shoulder down and landed heavily on the ground, a cloud of dust thrown up in its wake. God but he ached all over. He may have looked clean, if not a little tired, but between his neck, head, cheek, shoulder, and hip, he felt positively mangled. An unanticipated groan of pain escaped his lips, coming from deep within his chest, and he just barely managed to sit down of his own accord, before his knees collapsed underneath him.
He gripped the handle just on the inside of the cab door, listening with immense satisfaction as the leather squealed and squeaked against the dirty metal. It had been like this for the past week or so. His
“What happened to her?”
“…a body from an active murder case in which the Met are currently pursuing?”
“As you wish,” Mycroft paused, motioning to his driver to start the car, “be well, John.”
“I’m sorry sir, I –
Someone was next to him, blanketing his side, a warm mass of hard flesh and muscles, bones, and hair that together formed a dream companion. He (and John was sure that it was a ‘he’) writhed lengthwise against John, dragging their large hands up and down his side slowly, inciting a flash of sparks each and every time the diminutive blond inhaled. The Omega felt a prickle overtake his skin, a rolling sensation that began in his calves and ended with the expanse of his scalp as all the hair upon his body stood on end. He shivered through his goose-bumps, eliciting a parasympathetic response that reminded his body that it was time to relax, time to
“And what the hell did you put in my coffee? Are you trying to poison me?”
“I’m sorry, there’s a…been an incident. I just got off the phone with security, they should be up any moment,” the younger man nervously ruffled through a small pile of forms on his messy desk, finally holding up one in particular and eyeing it quickly, “oh yes, Mr. Watson! Of course, it’ll just be a minute. Trudi will be out in a moment for a sample of your blood, but I’m afraid Doctors Wilkes and Adler are otherwise…occupied, today.”
"Of course," Mycroft leant forward slightly, "it is a bit early for lunch, but perhaps we could indulge in a cup of tea? I've a few items I'd like to discuss with you concerning our… tentative agreement."
In the short time John had called 221B Baker Street his home (and the even shorter time he’d been able to call Sherlock Holmes his own) he’d managed to put on about two stone, mostly of muscle, though perhaps a bit of it in fat. It didn’t bother him much at all. He knew he was hideously malnourished and underweight when he first met Sherlock, as one was wont to be when they lived rough on London’s meaner streets, and though he would probably never get back to the same level of fitness he enjoyed while in the Army (new wounds notwithstanding), he was no longer afraid to look at his own refection in the bathroom mirror.
“You’ve been watching too much American crime television Miss Hooper. These are Goodyear Efficientgrip SUV tyres, one of the most common tyre brands for sport utility vehicles in the UK. That would leave us with a suspect pool of tens of thousands, considering how popular that style of vehicle is nowadays. These tyres also come in an extra-large size and with options for off-roading as well. At this particular crime scene,” he moved the stack of photos to the right, isolating one particularly lurid picture, “the tyres were especially clean, ridiculously so, probably because they were new, or only lightly used. The traces of dirt and mud weren’t especially helpful, but only served to implicate the surrounding areas within a 50 mile radius,” he muttered something about soil compositions then, diatoms and the like, before continuing on, “the only
that? Look I’m…I’m not as elegant with words as you are, and I can damn well say I am nowhere near as intelligent but…everything I’ve done since I’ve met you has been for, well,
Just like him.
He drew in a deep breath, as if steeling himself before being forced to state the painfully obvious.
He, John Watson, a homeless war veteran was in love with an apex Alpha that was so far out of his league he might as well be taking up residence in the very bottom of the Marianas Trench.
“We’ve, well, Dr. Wilke’s altered your genetic code, John –”
. Perhaps if I'd been informed it was
I do not own Sherlock, nor do I make money off of this. It is just for fun, though I wonder about that sometimes too! LOL
Dr. Watson returned his grin, the tension in his frame relaxing only slightly. “Honestly, right now I can’t say I blame him.”
Aaaaand I'm still managing to work my way through this fic. A little backstory never hurts anyone, and I think this one might answer some questions about what the heck is going on, plus add a little character motivations as well.
"Yes John, I can feel it."
God but he looked old, wretched, downtrodden and…and just plain
but, when I found the one I love most in the world lying in a pool of his own blood…”
to an apex when they want something.”
He stared at his brother, his face a mask of disappointment and ill-disguised, dark amusement.
. Will you do this for me?”
That was a blow, and John shifted the phone from his left hand to right, clenching his fist to stop the sudden tremors in his dominant hand.
When Sherlock showed her the hastily printed military mugshot of Sebastian Moran, she recognized him immediately.
The Beta raised his arm again to take aim at the brunet, but he was a little too slow and a little too late for the genius detective.
he winced
Disclaimer: I own nothing, and especially not these characters. I make no money from this story, I just enjoy playing with the characters. Ta!
The apex Alpha teased a bit at his entrance, testing the tensile strength of the sphincter and finding it deliciously tight and responsive. He pumped gently, a few more times, as John hissed beneath him, crying and choking on his own breath.
Now, John just had to come to terms with becoming a donor once more, and if it was all worth it. If the same thing happened as last time…
Toweling himself off briskly, he wrapped the cloth low on his hips and rummaged through the other sundry items Sherlock had been so thoughtful in providing. He pulled on a pair of navy boxer-briefs, possibly the nicest pair of pants he had had grace his bum since before the army, then a soft pair of grey pyjama bottoms. This ensemble was topped off by a relatively oversized blue and grey striped jumper that had the unfortunate effect of making John appear even smaller, and skinnier, than he was. Well, at least it all matched.
to call me John!”
He flipped over yet another folder, this one stacked full of spinal cord stimulator trials on various levels of nerves, all ranging from deep brain stimulation to relief of lower back pain. Both the cervical and brachial plexuses were good options...but would they stimulate the response needed to release the appropriate hormones for bonding? There was very little alternate information available since John and his team had done the bulk of the experimentation themselves, other specialists and researchers passed, feeling this unconventional new therapy was too expensive and too dangerous.
Sherlock is a very naughty Alpha. John finally begins his infiltration of the study.
John managed to blink his eyes open with some effort, grit and tears clinging to his eyelashes and doing a bang-up job of glomming them together, “Molly?”
John inhaled unevenly. His stuttered breath spoke of years of missed opportunities, fallen heroes, and lost comrades. He rummaged through his med kit for
this man.
Disclaimer: I do not own these characters, I just like to torture them.
, was dissolving into the muddled and cloudy waters of the Thames, merging with the swirling tides that eventually made their way to the ocean, and beyond.
Two separate pairs of footsteps echoed down what sounded like a long corridor just outside his room. This was not unexpected, and John inhaled a readying breath, positioning himself low and to the side of the entrance. He could hear quick breathless whispers, and was able to deduce two men (Alphas by the thick smell of them), itching for a fight and most likely dispatched by the alarm.
“You talk to me of scents? Really, Irene…but…you promised this time, should you succeed, you would let me have him. You
John held back a biting retort, what
“What happened today…you should know that –“
Disclaimer: Characters are not mine, I do not make money from this, I do it purely for fun because I like it!
If it was true that some crazed psychopath was murdering male latent Omegas, they could do better than a down on his luck, beaten but not blooded ex-Army doctor.  He wondered exactly how many men had fallen to the killer, and if they had anything in common. Was it the work of an unstable maniac or a methodical assassin? Brandy had said the pictures were ‘horrible,’ but didn’t go much more into detail. John felt an involuntary shiver raise all the hairs on his body, the muscle contractions skimming along his nervous system, accentuating his rather melancholic mood.  His leg hitched rhythmically as he passed through one of the seedier neighborhoods adjacent to the bridge.
There was a muffled wet and ragged
Important new information about the case, a bit of John's background, and introducing Molly Hooper!!
“A cup of coffee wouldn’t go amiss, Dr. Barrymore, if you’d be so kind?”
The syringe and medicine lay forgotten – the clear fluid leaking slowly into the earth.
The Alpha’s eyes narrowed at that last word, wondering at the unusual inflection placed upon its two syllables. Handled? What did he mean, handled?
“Don’t they? I was told the inquiry has only just begun.”
handsome army doctor.
From what he had seen (that is, before he was almost blinded by tears), the room was clean and well lit. Four white walls surrounded him, with no natural light to be seen…which probably meant no windows. He was clothed in simple delicate blue scrubs, much like one would wear in surgical suite (he patently ignored the irony in this), but had no blanket or any other covering over his person. An IV dwelled in his right arm, which was attached to long clear tubing hanging from a bag of normal saline, about half-gone. As his senses moved down further, he also became aware of an in-dwelling catheter bag affixed loosely to his left thigh, and could only imagine the bag dangling heavily from a hook on the bed.
“Look, I don’t really want to go into it now, but Marcus has got himself in a bit of…an emotional way. He needs some looking after, and since you’re about the only other person, Omega or otherwise, he’ll listen to…” His sentence trailed off there and he shrugged, pleading with her silently.
He rose, unsteadily, straight up onto his knees, because he knew that it had to happen to
No! Stop this now! He was in control,
(See the end of the chapter for
alright.” The emphasis on ‘home’ rankled John’s nerves. He may not have much, but he still had his pride.
“Yes, I hear you,” Sherlock quipped, speaking to the man on the other end of the line, “and are you
IMA: Irene Marie Adler.
Sherlock Holmes was certainly not the same man now as he was before. Just a short while ago, really only a matter of months, he would have deduced everything about the family down to their last meal and what brand dishwashing liquid they used to clean their dishes. But now it felt intrusive, borderline unseemly, and he knew exactly who was responsible for his change of heart.
It caused the British Government some not inconsiderable concern.
, and get away
In the last few seconds before he succumbed to darkness, he saw a tall dark haired man in a long wool coat confront the other two gentlemen. They all looked quite angry, the cigarette man most of all. The dark, curly haired man gestured wildly, hands flinging about in the air with demonstrative alacrity. The other two gentlemen shared a measured look and then slinked away, supposedly to lick their wounds and nurse their bruised egos. In all fairness, John
“Of course you don’t understand,” Sherlock half-grinned, releasing John’s wrists and gently laying both his warm hands on John’s chest, “you are an idiot, after all.”
was he in so much pain?
“Come here,” he said softly, letting a slight grin ease onto the corner of his mouth.
“I told you not to get involved.” The other Alpha inspected a standard plastic chair placed next to one of the tables, running a long finger across the seat with a raised eyebrow. Apparently, it passed muster, because he sat, umbrella resting at his side and one long leg neatly folded over the other.
John half-smiled and released a quiet little huff of laughter. He quite liked Marcus’ odd little way of speaking, sometimes in the third person, sometimes a jumble of first and third. When John first met him, dirtied, confused, and alone under the bridge, he realized that to him, it was part of his charm. It made the large man appear so desperately innocent (which couldn’t be further from the truth). The blond had taken him under his wing, helped fix him up, and the man had been devoted ever since.
