"Don't worry about me, just go!" he said, sounding so much like his Captain self. He didn't miss the way Clint and Nat seemed to tense up, probably thinking about it as well.
“You should have seen me in the beginning. I was a mess” Steve laughed at some of the memories that surfaced. “I used to always dress them in the wrong clothes. Maria would be in overalls, and James in a bright pink dress. Or I would mix them up sometimes, like put James in the overalls but give him the jeweled flower headband, and Maria in the dress paired with a blue baby baseball cap”
"Excuse me asshole, I helped pick out the outfits" Sam walked to stand in front of Bucky and crossed his arms.
"Steve Rogers you listen to me; you are the best damn man I know. If this child is like you, then he or she is already perfect. Don't punish the baby for the parents it will have" it hit him all of sudden as to why Nat cared about this so much. Here he was crying about getting pregnant, to a girl who had the chance of ever getting pregnant taken from her, when she was sterilized in the red room. And also he was crying about losing the love of his life to a girl who had literally lost hers. No one knew where Bruce was, or if he was even alive. God, he was a fucking idiot. But before he could apologize she opened her mouth again and kept talking almost like she knew what he was going to say, and didn't want to hear it.
"Talk to me, where the fuck are you?" the room was heating up, the fire from the bomb right outside the door. Hopefully the fire wouldn't enter the room and burn them to a crisp.
Sure, Tony and him had talked about starting a family together, but that was before everything had gone to shit. If they had a girl Tony got to pick the name, and Steve was one hundred percent sure he would choose the name Maria after his mother. Steve was allowed to pick the name if they had a boy, but Steve wasn’t sure what he’d pick. When they had talked about this, late at night in bed it almost seemed like something that could never happen. But of course, now that they weren’t together it seemed that it could become a reality. If he’s pregnant then he’s certain god really is punishing him, because why else wouldn’t he get pregnant when they were actually trying but when he didn’t want to be he would be?
"Oh no Rogers, we are not doing this. We are not on joking terms" Steve nodded despite knowing that Tony couldn't see it.
Shortly after Steve started to barbecue the dinner the others all showed up. The atmosphere grew more tense, especially when Tony and Rhodey realized they were outnumbered. It made Steve wonder if they had the suits hidden away somewhere, waiting to be called upon at. moments notice. At the dinner table Steve sat at the head, James to his left and Maria to his right in their highchairs. Bucky and Sam sat on the 'boys' side as it had been dubbed, while Nat and Wanda on the girls. With the addition of the new three the table fit the amount of people it was supposed to; Vision sat beside Wanda, Rhodey beside Sam, and Tony at the end facing Steve. Steve wondered briefly if they were back at the tower if this was how everyone would sit. They would have to get another table extension to fit Clint, Bruce, and Thor.
"Never before had I ever been scared of you. Mr justice, freedom, and apple pie's. But in that moment, you terrified me. And seeing you now, I realize you still scare me" Steve bit his lip harder, not registering the pain, and he could feel it split and the taste of pennies filled his mouth.
it was a small joke between the two. As long as Steve called her her majesty, she would call him captain. "But unfortunately I can not stay. I am needed elsewhere. Good luck" she told him before leaving, two maids following after her. She didn't hide the 'good luck' because she was a Queen in her home country, what was anyone going to do if she offended them? The room grew silent after that, nobody knowing what to do. Steve didn't know what to do. Did he go over to Tony, or did he wait for Tony to come to him?
Steve dug the bottom of his palms into his eyes to stop the tears that were slowly forming before they had the chance to fall. He could still hear the way his shield hit the reactor, over and over again it played in his head like an annoying jingle you can’t unhear. Sometimes he would see himself decapitate his husband. Sometimes he'd watch him bleed out. But the worst was when he would kill Tony and his dream self wouldn't react. He was an emotionless soldier. Those nights he would wake up with puke on his pillow. Part of the reason he stopped sleeping. The other being he couldn't sleep alone anymore. A quiet knock on the door stopped his inner pity party.
Clint somehow managed to roll Nat underneath of him, shielding her, so Steve only had to shield Clint. Tony and Thor were both screaming over the comms, which wasn't helping his growing headache.
"What about you?" Clint asked, but he was already crawling out from under Steve, offering Nat his hand when he was out so he could tug her along.
A faint knock on the door took him out of his head, and he was tempted to ignore it, but when he heard Tony’s quiet ‘can I come in?’ he knew he couldn’t.
"That look has never worked before, and it's not going to work now. But I should make an appearance with you guys so that H.Y.D.R.A can figure out what I look like" and instantly everyone looked like they disagreed but he held up his hand, silencing them. "Men are dying because of me. At least if H.Y.D.R.A knows what I look like they'll stop grabbing random people and shooting them"
And he didn’t want to get his hopes up but it seemed like Bucky might actually like him to. He talked with him, they had inside jokes, they’d watch tv late at night when one of them couldn’t sleep. These things may seem insignificant or minor, but with who Bucky was and all he’s been through it was actually pretty major.
“Yes, I figured it was about time I got it checked out” he chuckled as he moved to sit down on the bed the doctor was patting.
It really wasn't that heavy for him, but he didn't want to seem like it was easy for him. Sure, they had seen him lift a pole out of the ground, but he had struggled with that with the beating he had taken so they thought he had some super strength but nothing crazy. It wouldn't look suspicious if he had some super strength, many heroes did, but too much and they would start to get suspicious. Few could actually match his strength, one of those people being a god. If he started to lift cars and stopping helicopters they would know who he was. So, in order to prevent that he had to act like this was heavy for him.
It was getting ridiculous, the feelings he was getting for Barnes. He disliked the man a lot in the beginning, and liked to rub it in his face when Steve would go to him instead of his supposed best friend. Bucky was mean, cold, and couldn't take or make a joke. He used to be anyways. Then he started to change for the better, back into what Steve called the Bucky from the old days. Bucky was still mean, and cold, and couldn't always make or take a joke but it was different. He was actually trying to be better. Unfortunately the torture he endured was too much to just be cured in a short period of time, but he was making progress. Sam's not sure when the line between disliked and liked seem to overlap but he found that he wasn’t as annoyed by things Bucky did that always use to annoy him.
"Happy birthday dear James and Maria. Happy birthday to you" the cake rolled to a stop in front of them, and Shuri called out, loosing all patience when all she wanted to do was eat;
"We need to get out of here. The roof is going to collapse soon, but we can't use the door. Got any ideas Iron Man?" Steve asked, hoping the genius of the team had already worked something out. But all was quiet on the comms.
"I am sorry to drag you down now when today is the last day that you want to be bothered by outside issues, but this is urgent" T'Challa apologized as they crowded around the hologram.
"Come on James, I need you to cooperate with me" Steve begged his kid, who was fighting him because he would much rather stay in his pj's. Maria was in a pale blue dress, with a daisy headband on her head. James had brown pants and a cute button up blue shirt, same colour as his sister's. Steve shied away from the blue, and instead wore a red button up shirt and black dress pants. The red obviously had its symbolism. Maria had been easy to dress, but James was fighting Steve while he tried to button the shirt.
"What do we do?" Nat asked, for once not knowing how to handle a situation. When faced with a gun pointed at her head the black widow could think of at least ten different ways to get herself out of the situation alive. When her family was threatened however, she tended to freeze for a few moments before her brain went into overdrive. In a few minutes Steve was sure she would have a solution.
They had moved into the cabin T'Challa had built for them and Steve loved it. It was secluded from the rest of the kingdom, but not hard to get to if people wanted to visit. Bucky, Sam, Nat, and Wanda all had rooms in the house but they weren't always there. Steve had taken a break from missions, but the others hadn't. They were still hunting down Hydra bases all over the world and reporting in to Steve. That's currently where they all were. Steve still went out sometimes if they were desperate or had a huge lead. Shuri or Adia were always up for babysitting which helped out a lot.
I just want to let everyone know, this story doesn't follow a specific timeline. For example, the Daredevil timeline isn't followed like it is in the show.
“I’m a distraction? What the hell does that even mean? I’m so bad at following orders that you have to babysit me to keep me in line?” Tony hissed, standing and storming over to him.
"Would you side with Clint against Bruce?" and god Steve could smack himself in the face, because the look that washed over her face was awful. Nat didn't do heartbroken expressions, but this one was pretty close. She didn't say anything, just thought about it for a few seconds a wide range of emotions flickering across her face.
"Need a hand?" Wanda asked from the nursery doorway, but without waiting for an answer was already bouncing through the door. She had lost her accent, it only came out when she spoke really fast and it was still a little weird to hear her without it. Since being here, and having the kids be born Wanda had started acting more her age. She had turned eighteen recently and it was nice to see her so open. She spent a lot of the time with the twins, and Steve wasn't afraid to admit he started to act fatherly towards the girl, seeing her as another daughter.
Please, please don’t let it be positive. Steve peed on the stick and sunk to the floor, wrapping his arms around his knees as he waited. His stubble that he hadn't shaved scratched his jeans as he rest his cheek on his knees.
"You left me in Siberia, freezing and in pain" Tony countered, but Steve could see some of the fight leaving him. Perhaps Tony was as tired as he was.
"What is going on, seriously you people suck at communication" Tony snapped, and Steve could hear him with his super hearing just outside the wall.
"Hurry up" he demanded, feeling the vibrations in the wall, meaning the building was barely struggling to stay up.
"You do know me Tony. Everything you know about me is real. It's the real me, and I'm sorry, god I'm so fucking sorry and I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do"  Steve felt his throat start to close, and it was harder to breath.
"That's good. No sneaking off to a broom closet" Wanda gasped as she spun around to face him, cheeks already turning rosy.
"It's a boy" cheers from Sam and Bucky and pouts from Wanda and Nat. "And a girl" they all stopped and starred at Steve processing what he said.
“I don’t mean to pry, well actually I do, but do I get to know what this important meeting was about yesterday?” the mood in the room shifted as Steve was reminded of the meeting. He hadn’t given it much thought, to busy with Tony, but it was something he would have to get a handle on.
"Feeling a bit tired today Miss. Adia" the doctor playfully rolled her eyes. No matter how many times you told Steve to drop the formalities he would never listen. He was the perfect gentlemen.
“Great Barnes, you’ve taught Maria to eat like yourself” Sam playfully sighed seeing a resemblance between Maria’s ketchup covered face, and Bucky’s mustard and ketchup lips.
"I-I'm sorry, I just need, I just need a minute" she stuttered before speeding out of the room. A few moments later they heard her bedroom door slam. She had never truly healed from the loss of her own twin Pietro, and this wasn't bringing up good feelings. Steve wanted to comfort her, his protective side of the girl coming out again but Nat stopped him with a look.
his mind told him, and he sighed. His mind supplied him with his own childhood abuse. Hiding in closets and under the bed when his father came home drunk. It was all pointless, his father always knew where he was. And, if he was caught hiding the beating was worse. The first sign that his father wasn't ok was he started coming home angrier. Was this a sign that-
a great avenger. But, that’s enough of this kind of talk. It’s quarter after seven, we don’t need this kind of attitude in the morning. What do you want for breakfast? We have a lot of food, pick whatever you want and I’ll cook it. I think we have stuff for breakfast sandwiches. And I can start on the coffee, you’ll probably want the entire thing” Steve told him, grabbing a box of cheerios for the kids. They didn’t eat them with milk and a spoon, but they were happy enough to eat them from their trays, while occasionally throwing them at each other.
Tony guided Peter out into the common room. He disappeared into the kitchen for a few minutes and came back with some hot chocolate. Peter took the hot cup, relishing in the warmth. “You don’t have to talk if you don’t want to,” Tony said softly.
“Pete..?” The teen flinched, causing the chair to fall back with him in it. He had his head on the floor.
The teen sat down silently, Natasha’s eyes followed him closely, more than likely noticing his red puffy eyes, rosy cheeks and the dry tear streaks he failed to wipe off. No one said anything to the teen, knowing that it was one of those, ‘I want to be with you guys, but if you ask too many questions I might freak out’ moods. It was completely understandable that he had so many moods, and sometimes they switched rather quickly.
‘The Avengers could make you leave at any time if they ever get bored or frustrated with you. You’re replaceable’.
The next day, Tony and Bruce sat Peter down. “W-what’s going on?” Peter asked, a slight stutter in his voice.
Peter’s bottom lip trembled. Bruce didn’t sound too happy. “J-just someone at school not being too nice...but it’s no big deal…” Peter said timidly.
“So...let me get this straight...you want me to go and talk to a complete stranger about my issues?” Peter asked. His voice rose with anger he didn’t bother to hide.
Peter’s originally tense form relaxed as Tony wrapped him into a hug. “Shh Pete. It’s going to be okay,” Tony whispered.
My secret is out now. Tony and Bruce knew of my loss of appetite, my lack of telling people when I’m not feeling the best. Sam knew that I was still in such a place that I did not want to even kind of exist anymore.
“I dunno...just how I feel,” Peter said taking Sam’s hand. Sam helped him up and guided Peter over to the couch where he was just sitting. It seemed as though everyone, save for Tony, left the room. Probably to give Peter some space.
The AI fell silent, Bucky woke Peter up, and soon everyone was sitting at the table. Steve had made chicken parmesan. Tony took note of how exhausted the teen looked. The dark purple bags under his eyes. The distant, almost haunted look in his eyes. His pale complexion.
The lounge room seemed lively, it seemed as though everyone else was up. Peter hesitantly walked in, thankfully, no one noticed. Peter sat down in the only open seat available. The floor. He sat there a good five minutes before anyone noticed him.
Peter fidgeted with his hands. Tony had told him numerous times that he didn’t need to apologize for panicking, but he couldn’t help it. “I’m...uh...sorry for...ya know...uh….freaking out earlier...I don’t kno-”
I hesitated. “Take your time, there is no rush here,” she said. Something about her reminded me of Aunt May before Uncle Ben died. Or of Tasha.
‘You’re just burdening them. They don’t want to tell you because they don’t want to hurt your sensitive feelings’. The voices were back.
Tony was rendered speechless out of pure rage. Bruce looked about ready to hulk out. “How long?” Was his only question.
I stopped writing due to hearing my phone ring. I unplugged it from the charger. It was an unknown number, so I ignored it. Declining the call and placing my phone back on the table, I sat on my bed. About a minute later, my phone rang again. It was the same unknown number. After the third ring, I decided to pick up. “Hello…?” I asked hesitantly.
Peter couldn’t sleep that night. He couldn’t stop thinking about Maddison Lyons. The look of pure fear that was on her face. His senses screaming at him to save her. Him being too shocked to do anything. Peter laid on his bed, looking at the ceiling. The guilt of not helping her weighing on his shoulders heavily.
And now, I found myself telling her about almost everything that happened. About Flash, about the panic attacks. I didn’t know why it was so easy to talk to her, it’s not like she forced me to tell her my back story, but once I started it came out like a never-ending river.
“Make it stop Tony!” Peter cried with a small whimper. Peter let his arms fall, Tony held Peter’s hands firmly in his own. Tony looked at Peter with brown eyes full of worry.
Peter pushed his food around his plate. Not feeling very hungry. Still, he knew he needed to eat, so he hesitantly brought a bit to his lips. Everything from today was still fresh in his mind.
Well, I hope you liked the heartfelt ending. I really tried. It was also a pain in my butt because my mom's laptop was being ridiculously slow with everything and it was hard to get it uploaded from my drive. And because I had to give my actual school computer back because it was the end of the school year. I also kept writing scenes and then thinking they were trash, so for a while it was just writing scenes and deleting them and then re-writing them. Over and over again. I know it's by no means the best, but...I still hope you enjoyed it.
Peter stood there staring, mouth wide open, heart shattering into millions of pieces. The teen couldn’t utter a single word.
Tony nodded. “I know Pete. I know it’s hard,” Tony said. “You have to communicate with us, Peter. We can’t help you if you don’t.”
Peter finally told Tony that he decided he didn’t want to quit being Spiderman, that he couldn’t quit being Spiderman. So, now Peter was going out on patrol, with the strict instructions to be very, very careful, and to call Tony immediately if he got hurt. Peter was okay with that.
“Come on Spiderling, breathing is fun sometimes,” the voice said. I felt arms wrap around my torso and arms. I felt even more panicked for a second but soon I found it calming me. I broke down. My knees buckled and I would have fallen to the ground if not for the strong arms holding me up. I felt hot tears sliding down my cheeks. I wanted to get free of the arms holding me, to run and hide, but they were holding tightly, whispering soft words of comfort.
“Peter is exhibiting signs of a panic attack. I recommend taking action to calm him,” Friday said. Tony muttered something about her stating the obvious before his attention was back on Peter.
“We love you Peter, and nothing, I mean absolutely nothing will change that.” Tony’s words were the last blow. Peter allowed his cracked wall to finally shatter.
“I’ve never had anyone. I’ve been in and out of homes all my life,” She said softly. “In my first few homes...they...abused me...and…” She cut herself off.
To say Peter thought his life was a mess, was an understatement. Peter thought his life was an absolute train wreck. There were still times when Peter was at an all time low, when he just didn’t want to exist. Those days were becoming few and far between.
“You with us now, Pete?” Tony’s voice was shaky as if he was scared. Peter nodded then, he let himself fall against Tony’s shoulder.
Peter knew he should talk to someone about what he was feeling. But, he didn’t want to worry them, to burden them any more than he already had. They had done so much for him, and there was nothing he could do that would ever amount to everything they’ve done. Tony took him in, gave him sweet release from everything that was happening with Aunt May. Tony helped him with his panic attacks. The others gave him something he didn’t have anymore. A family. Peter had a family because of the Avengers.
“Pete, I know it’s upsetting, but you need to calm down. You’re going to send yourself into another panic attack. Breathe.”
“Let’s go to bed. We can talk more about this in the morning,” Steve said. The two slipped into the bed, Steve’s arms around Tony’s torso.
“Peter…? What’s wrong bud?” Steve asked. I couldn’t respond, my mind wouldn’t form words. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Steve walk over to me.
THIS CHAPTER HAS A VERY DARK THEME. SUICIDE ATTEMPT IN THIS CHAPTER! READ AT YOUR OWN RISK! IF THIS TRIGGERS YOU, PLEASE DON'T READ!
“Something on your mind?” Tony asked as he made some ham and cheese sandwiches for himself and Peter.
Peter found himself in a very familiar position. Sitting up, hunched over his legs, breathing heavily. Hands shaking like there was no tomorrow. Peter got up and went to the lounge room. No one was there. Peter walked by the window, looking out. The teen stood there, wondering if he jumped from this high, would it kill him? Peter just continued to stand there, thinking about dying.
“...s-since….since Uncle Ben’s death...about two years ago…” Peter mumbled quietly. Tony’s jaw clenched and he nodded. There was nothing but pure rage on his face. Peter, to say the least, was terrified out of his mind. He thought that Tony was angry at him. “I’m sorry…”
Steve walked over to Peter, slowly as to not freak him out more. “Peter you’re having a panic attack. Just breathe, it’s going to be okay,” Steve said. Peter was staring at Steve with wide eyes but wasn’t actually seeing him. Steve placed a gentle hand on Peter’s shoulders, ignoring the way the teen flinched. Peter’s eyes cleared up slightly as he looked at Steve.
“No problem kiddo.” Tony smiled. “Why don’t we go see what good ol’ Capsicle is making for dinner, yeah?”
“Peter! Let go of the damn bottle!” Tony yelled. He had my hands in his own. “Fuck it, Friday get Steve now!”
Peter cried some more, not for himself, but for the girl he failed to protect. It was 6:00 and the sun was beginning to rise. Peter ended up falling asleep again.
“Dead sure. She is worried about the state of your mental health, but I know you could have already guessed that,” Tony said.
Tony didn’t force Peter to see a therapist, but the teen still did. Peter was also trying to be more open with Tony when he wasn’t feeling his best. Peter was slowly getting his grades up again, while keeping up with his spiderman duties.
Flash Thompson could not feel guiltier. He was now sitting in the principal’s office getting an earful he was almost sure he deserved. When he heard from Peter’s friend Ned, that Peter tried to kill himself because of Flash, immediately he began to realize that what he was doing...what he did was wrong.
The teen hung up the phone. Peter felt like he was being crushed by his emotions. His chest was impossibly tight again. The blood pounded in his ears. His heart thudded in his chest. His hands shook. His feet tingled. It seemed as though time stopped. His senses were screaming at him, ‘Breathe!’ ‘Run!’ ‘Move!’ ‘Do something!’
“It’s gonna be okay Pete,” Tony said softly. Peter finally pulled away. Tony didn’t need to hear what the teen was about to say, because he already knew. Tony nodded. Steve and Rhodey had made themselves comfortable in the living room. Tony and Peter made their way in as well.
“Don’t.” Peter pulled away from the hug. “Don’t you dare try to say that I did what I could. Don’t lie. I could have done better. Someone is dead because I can’t get my thoughts in check. Someone is dead because of me!” Pete yelled. His emotions took a 180. He wasn’t sad or shocked anymore. He was angry with himself. “It’s my own stupid fault...and I’m done. I’m done with everything.” The teen walked away. “I’m done being spiderman.”
It took Peter almost thirty minutes to calm down. By that time, Natasha and Clint had returned from S.H.E.I.L.D, Bucky and Steve had returned from training. Sam mosied on in, followed by Rhodey. Peter had fallen asleep on the couch. Tony sat on the end, Peter’s feet over his lap. He had his phone out and was texting someone. He looked beyond angry.
The covers are kicked off in a sort of childish rage, falling off the bed and onto the floor as Tony removes himself from the bed, to make a start to this rather early, empty day that he's rather brought along himself and therefore remains with no one to blame. JARVIS has gone quiet, which is never really a good thing because just like Tony, quietness is not something taken lightly and quietness never really equals anything good either. Which, again, is somewhat Tony's fault as he makes his way to the kitchen, eager for some coffee and maybe a pastry if he's remembered to phone for them the day before.
"Clint, what the fuck were you doing on my roof?"Bucky shouts, getting out of the recliner. Steve is following suit, already reaching for his jacket, scarf and hat.
"Nothing special."Bucky shrugs, handing the phone back to Steve remaining with his cheeks tinted a cute shade of pink.
"That is correct. Doctor Stark and I brought his policy forward when we began working together on this ward. It's brought forward remarkable improvements."Dr Strange comes up behind Tony, bringing more light to the conversation and Tony doesn't need to turn to look to know how close Stephen is standing to him because he can
As much as Tony wants to escape back inside, back into the warmth of Steve's lovely, homely home, his head is still aching from the socialising, the loudness of everyone talking, laughing, joking and it's just something that Tony isn't use to. So instead, he settles on hunching over in an attempt to keep some heat, shivering like some scared shitless Chihuahua.
"Wait,"Tony says urgently, noticing the slight frown on Steves lips whenever the blonde looks down at the change in his hand, leaning over to open the draw of the beside table, Tony fishes out his own wallet and takes out the dollar bills within it. Jarvis had brought it up for him on his last visit, just incase.
Tony should be shocked to have a Super Solider to ask for permission to entire the engineers workshop only for Tony to grant him the access and then get dragged out with a hand under his elbow and arm bent in a way that made the man squirm and huff because he was not up to fighting a super solider.
"Not exactly great, no."They're both silent because Steve doesn't really want to talk but Bucky really does want him to, which is a dynamic that the two of them have never really worked out the kinks to. Both, however, hate dragged silences but Steve hates them more."She's more upset than she is mad at the decision, and right okay, I
Somewhere, deep down inside of Tony believes that this will be a good morning, and maybe it's because he has seemed to wake up on his own accord, without finding himself tangled in damp, sweated bedsheets and with his heart in his mouth, words choked in his mouth and eyes glossy and wide. It's also a good start to know, that for once, he's woken up without a hangover, maybe a tinge in the back of his head, a day to wear his yellow specs and not the blackouts, and he has somehow made it into his own bed. That's always a good start too.
Tony 'Iron Man' Stark was fucking Grocery Shopping with Steve 'Captain America' Rogers. If only PA could see them, they would have a field day.
"Of course you're not!"Tony squawks, defensive, standing high on his top toes, his shoulders rolled back, his chin held up high."I would
And like fuck was Tony going to let himself die there, not when Tony had escaped death so many times that Tony and death were great acquaintances. Tony was not going to sit about and just wait to die, not when there was so much more that Tony wanted to do. There was still so much to see, to accomplish, projects to finish and places to visit and people to talk to, smile at, hug tightly, kiss passionately on the cheeks, lips, soft forehead kisses and butterfly soft kisses under the chin the way he use to kiss Steve when they were young and dumb and still didn't know what love was.
"What all did you bring?"Steve exclaims as he carries the heavy bags filled with food, pulling Tony out of his panicked thoughts as they stand in the hallway.
"For the mean time, yes."He pauses,"But in the future, when technology and science is more advanced, there could be a possible way of removing the pieces of shrapnel from your chest without doing you further harm. There is always hope."So in the end, Tony believes that is that, and he will stuck with the godawful thing in this chest until his dying day.
"You use to bring me here because you had a crush on the waitress."He scoffs, motioning his head towards the diners counter, where it's paint is chipped and metal has been scratched, unchanged for years."And also because she use to give us free pie every time you winked at her and called her a
As gentlemanly as ever, Steve is taking the bags and moving out of the doorway to let Tony into the house and it's just as Tony expects it to be. A home. A properly lived in home with pictures of Steve and some of his friends hanging on the walls, with freshly cleaned clothes waiting in a laundry basket at the bottom stairs to be taken into the wardrobes and that warm, home like smell that lingers on the clothes and the furnitures.
test subjects, if you will. They signed a waiver so they legally can't sue me if they develop unexplained nausea, ill-health, unexpected migraines, flu like symptoms or disruptive bowl moments and or find themselves in need of medical care."Tony lists off on his hand haven mulled over the possible symptoms that could possibly turn up when receiving replacement meal shakes from a 16 year old with no experience in meal replacement drinks whatsoever.
"Holy shit! Who owns that bitching car outside!"A shrill voice is screaming throughout the house, followed by a chorus of 'shut up's and harsher profanities which the voice obviously doesn't give a crap about as he continues on."It's a v12 Aston Martin, don't shush me!"
"I won't be happy until you're happy, which you never fucking are."Rhodey is blunt and he's mean, but he's not mean to
Dropping the phone onto his lap, he's making a grab for the speaker and turning it off, surprised with the ringing in his own ears of how loud the music actually was. He has turned it up even further to block out the Christmas songs that was playing in the hallway. With the music now turned off, Tony can hear the soft chime of a bell of his heart monitor ring throughout the room.
it, he feels every single piece of fear that his mother holds, every single piece of her motherly instinct in the room that tries to convince him not to go, not to sign up, not to leave her. And she isn't being selfish because really, no mother truly is, and she's doing it for her son, even if he doesn't realise it yet.
he wasn't stupid, he just needed that little bit of leverage to push him towards a better education - and maybe a kick in the ass from Natasha - and maybe a chance in a college of his choice. Steves mindset was always focused on the better of others, he was the mother, the fairy godmother, the parent of his variety bunch of friends.
Hi! Sorry I’ve been so absent, if you haven’t been watching the news or have no touch with social media, 2020 has been a very crazy year! However I come with 2 (2!) updates, one small, one very large. Enjoy!
flashing in vivid red LED, sometime in April, it's Spring Break. It's raining outside, Steve can hear the patter of rain hitting his window, the musky scent of damp, feel the droplets dripping onto his bedsheets from Bucky's longing hair.
main reason why people wanted to get close to Tony Stark, his good looks and boy could only get him so far when it came to the older generation or the newer, Money is what they want, and Money is what Tony has.
By the third attempt video call, Tony is pressing accept with his thumb covering over the front camera lens as a friendly, familiar face is popping up on the screen of his Stark Phone. It's a face that makes Tony self-conscious start to smile because it's been a while since he's seen this face and he's only realising now just how much that he's missed it.
And so, really, Tony had been very much aware that Steve was still alive, that he had returned to Brooklyn just months before Bucky had, discharged from his barracks with a Sargent Captain ranking, the youngest of his age to ever be granted as such, with 3 tours in Afghanistan under his belt. Anti-social behaviour from what Tony had been able to gather but had been labelled as medical grounds in order for him to receive his full payment post-discharge and retirement.
Steve wonders what Tony will be doing this Christmas, would he be spending it with his family and friends? Would he spending it alone in a hospital room stuck to a heart monitor? The scars that surrounded Tony's arms were self inflicted, Steve isn't an idiot and the way there was no evidence of any family or belongings in the hospital room made it clear that Tony has been alone all this time.
Sometimes, Tony would fester up the ability to admit that maybe he takes too much onto his plate, that maybe he could lumber some of the load onto one of his eager interns or Pepper, but that was usually under the command of Pepper herself or sometimes when JARVIS restricts his access to his work files. Tony is a perfectionist, sue him, he'd rather do the work himself and know that it's perfect rather than give it to another and for Tony to just
"I'm a busy guy,"Tony shrugs, following suit."A busy guy with a busy life and friends that are too busy to hang around me."He mumbles. Tony was not for the endless partying and a different lady (or man) in his bed scene anymore, he was fed up with it and since the rocky break up he endured with Pepper, he swore he wouldn't fall back into old habits.
"One of Howard's business partners, trying to chat me up about ideas for the company."Tony covers smoothly."He was just leaving."
"Who says this will be the last time I'm landed in hospital?"Tony offers Sarah a lopsided smirk, shoving the cigarette into the pocket of his hoodie, hoping that she didn't see it. His suitcase is prompted up beside him, clothing neatly folded by Steve and other items thrown in by Tony.
There's a painful, dull feeling of dread that settles within him once he's out the door and in the drivers seat of the car, sunglasses resting on the bridge of his nose, a Large coffee in the cup holder and probably still dangerously over the limit as he drives the long distance, revving his engine on long stretches of deserted road. Spring Break Weekend has been a blur, a smudge in his memory and Tony hopes he hasn't preformed any degrading acts, more recently that is.
"Hey,"Tiberius' hand is suddenly around Tony's wrist the moment that he turns away for the bar, half a step away from the body that had purposely banged into him to gain his undivided attention."Don't you want to talk to me?"
"Good idea."Steve nods, not even minding whenever Clint is basically nuzzling his face into Steve's and mutters of his pretty that Tony looks, something that makes Steve warm all over."I bid you goodnight."
Steve's hands are soft on his face, on the left side not the right, and his lips are as equally as soft as his skin, as his hands and his tone of voice that is reserved only for Tony. He's plaint, content with the kiss, despite the tightness in his chest and the dizziness in his head and there's a smile, so nearly not there but there on his lips, even as Steve pulls away until they are nose to nose.
"Rachel, leave Stevie alone. He doesn't want to play house."Bucky mutters as he enters the room with a drink for Steve and himself. His nose is scrunched up in a short of disgusted manner as he glares at his little sister to stop bothering his friend with her childish obsession of playing with dolls and playing pretend.
He dreads the dinner, despite the fact that Rhodey will be there because he knows that he's going to be shown around the guests like some prized cattle, with them wanting to poke and prod and lay attention to the Arc Reactor that is nestled in Tony's chest. They're going to want to ask questions, talk to Tony about his education as if they give a shit of what he wants to do in life.
for his work to be the best of the best and yes okay, Tony lives up to that role but it doesn't mean he doesn't like to hear a 'Well Done' or 'That's impressive' every once in a while.
Steve lets out a hum as the alcohol slides down his throat, hating the fact that how right Bucky is that the alcohol was keeping him warm. He can't help himself but peer down at his mobile phone that sits on the coffee table, the screen on the lid of the phone having not light up with the indication of a new message.
"Clint says that he's up for video game night this week as long as we play COD."Bucky announces, typing away at his own mobile phone that he had stashed in the waist band of his pyjama bottoms, his half eaten apple remaining in his other hand."But it's Bruce's turn to pick this week so we'll probably end up playing fucking Minecraft."
You could say, that's how Steve wounded up in hospital 3 days before Christmas, with a busted lip, nose and eyebrow and a few broken ribs. I mean, it could've been worse, he could've ended up like the guy he was fighting. It wasn't as if he fought for the sake of fighting, he did it for the little guy that couldn't fight for himself or the asshole at a party that tried to ruin it for everyone else.
And when Tony says that everything will be put on hold, he doesn't really mean it. Tony is a multitasker and if that means he has to actually involve DUMM-E for an extra hand of help, then so be it.
"Sounds like a smart kid."Bucky mutters a little sourly, catching onto the admiration in Steves tone. Taking a bite out of his apple, Bucky continues."So invite him over this week. Bring him to video game night."
And there had been one figure that had unwillingly caught his eye as he stood ahead of a crowd of entrepreneurs and philanthropists as Tony spoke about the charity of the evening with so much enthusiasm that you would believe that Tony Stark himself would plant a tree for every dollar donated to the Burning of the Amazon foundation. Tony can't even remember pitching this idea but he's sure it was Obie's doing, jumping on the bandwagon of other philanthropists who did the same to feed the media frenzy.
I’m so sorry for not updating! I’ve had a busy 2019 but I come with a DOUBLE UPDATE. I’m so sorry but have fun, enjoy and remember to comment (:
"I don't want him in here."He announces, opening his eyes and blinking away what stiffness he wasn't able to rub away. The blinds remain closed, shielding Tony from what light would sleek through. He stretches, hears a click in his neck before relaxing back into the sofa. "Tell him I'm at the Hospital, an important and not to be interrupted meeting with Doctor Strange. Strange will cover for me."
"What's wrong? Is everything alright?"Tony asks in alert whenever he hears Steve curse, almost wishing he was there to see what Steve sees.
But sleeping with someone else is always so better, to have an arm wrapped around your waist, fingers drumming at the bones of his hips, a heartbeat below a chest that your head rests upon. It's wonderful, amazing, magnificent and
What sticks out, is the unmissable blue glow that is noticeable under the thick swabs of bandages that bind his chest. When Tony lists his hand - which takes more effort that he would like to admit - the tips of his fingers can see the sharp, curved edge of whatever is sticking 0.5cm out of the middle of his chest. It didn't hurt to touch, it was just abnormal and spiked Tony's interests further.
"And this is Jarvis, Anna, Aunt Peggy and I."Tony smiles a sad smile, his thumb rubbing over the glass that covers the old photograph. Tony couldn't have been more than 4 when the photo was taken, sitting on the kitchen counter with his Aunt Peggy Holding his hips behind him and Jarvis and Anna to the left of her. It was his only photograph of all of his favourite people with him."I'm pretty young but you know it's me, and Jarvis looks the same."
Rhodey follows because he knows very well that there are plenty of bedrooms that were not damaged during the explosion but he says bothering more of the matter. It was evident that Tony had a thing about sleeping with someone else in the room, it claimed to make him feel safer, protected and less vulnerable, it explained why he always looked more exhausted coming back from break than going away.
"Why not?"Steve pushes for an answer, but he keeps his tone of voice mellow and his volume down, watching Tony's fidgeting hands that keep moving and fingers that keel twirling around the string of the dirty hoodie.
"I was stressed, your father took me on a holiday to calm my nerves after the mess you made of our home. 2 weeks it took to fix your mess, your father has to fly in the best of men-"
"Oh you thought I was talking about the coffee, how cute."Tony is offering him one of his cheeky smiles, resting his tired body against the kitchen counter as he watches the nerdy teenager manoeuvre himself around the kitchen. There's food on the go, weirdly enough, and Tony wonders who all of the food is for.
"What do you want."His voice is a murmur, barely a whisper and lips still touching, but the growing smirk that rises on Obie's lips is clear enough that he heard Tony. They brush over Tony's payment in exchange for Obie's clean up and then he's leaving, rubbing his thumb I've Tony's high cheekbones and brushing off the knees of his suit before leaving Tony in the rubble that is his own mess.
"Tony, as much as you think my professors are dimwitted, they know the difference between our work."He rolls his eyes, the tip of his pencil caught between his teeth.
Don't get him wrong, Tony is having the best time of his life here and he hasn't been this happy to interact with people in years, but as much as it's all good fun, Tony can't help that creeping nerving voice in the back of his head that's telling him that he's overstaying his welcome. Which is ridiculous of course because Steve invited him to come over, and when Tony was about ready to head home, Steve almost
"It is."Tony's voice holds emotion that Steve is only realising now. He turns, oddly white glasses been moved onto the bridge of his nose as he looks up at Steve with a reassuring smile."But don't worry, we can still chat. It's not as if I'm going to Mars or something. Honestly, I'm not going to lose my second friend due to where I study."
, on the bed that had asked him a seemingly so harmless question but Tony was not fooled, no, because he may do stupid things but he was not stupid. And Tony may not have been present for Steve's sudden revelation but he had a fair idea of who was behind it.
"Tony?"Steve immediately sits up, baby fine blond hair sticking up at the side of his head, eyes half lidded but mind fully alert at the sound of the urgency, the ear that seems to slick the questioned words of
"I don't care about anyone else. I care about you. You've been looking after me since I woke up, and I think that you deserve to go home and spend it with your family."He huffs stubbornly.
"This doesn't look like an absence of my life, Mr. Stane."Tony hisses, his throat raw and his mouth dry with the vivid taste of cigarette ash and vodka left on his tongue. The room won't stop spinning, his mind running to catch up on current events and every time that he blinks he sees double.
"The sex tapes, yes, they were enough evidence that Phil is the one in charge of the relationship."Thor adds his part, shrugging off his soaked jacket and draping it over the radiator. Despite the lack of members, Bucky, Natasha and Thor had won the snow ball fight with a victory of claiming whatever was inside Clints Christmas stocking.
The hospital that his mom works in is all to familiar for Steve. He had spent a lot of his childhood in the hospital, and it wasn't because he was always getting into petty little fights with other boys because they were picking on someone else, but because he was often right along during weekends and spent his after school days here, in the waiting rooms and in the hallways.
"21...23...25...There it is! 27!"Tony cheers to himself, the car moving a slow speed down the smooth road, trying his best to dodge kids that are running out onto the road for their stray ball. Tony isn't use to seeing children out in the streets playing and having fun, and there's something warm in his chest to see that the cold and snow outside only increases their enthusiasm about playing outside in the snow.
It's a coffee hut, and if course it is. Open 24-7 from the looks of it, quiet other than the soft bristle of late night/early morning radio and the chime of the bell that rings every time someone pushes open the front door. It's warm inside, cosy and nice, with little to no people in the coffee hut than a handful of business men and a figure that's huddled in the far corner.
"I wasn't the one that lied and whored about."Tony would flinch at those words if it wasn't for the fact he had become so immune to them directed his way. He whores about. It's in his blood, it always has been. It's a Stark trait.
Of the Tony who speaks animatedly about his Robots, or nuzzles coffee as if it's his life source, or scoffs cheeseburgers in the least attractive manner possible but Steve doesn't care because he still thinks Tony looks ridiculously handsome. Of Tony who sleeps curled at his back, who submits to soft kisses to his lips, his cheeks, blushed at forehead kisses or when fingers are ran through his hair, who kissed him below his chin before he left, where it lingered for days and weeks.
That heavy pressure has been present for days now, tipping towards a week now, and there's only one explanation for its being there. As much as Tony doesn't believe that you can solve your problems with alcohol, it sure doesn't harm him in trying, because when you're drunk you don't care, and when you don't care you don't think, and when you don't think you don't feel and that's exactly what Tony was aiming for.
Steve clutches the phone tight to his chest, away from prying eyes and fumble hands that want to see who it is that Steve has been messaging. They're a close knit bunch of friends, one that knew every dirty little secret and story about one another and seemingly at one point, seen each other naked at
With shaking hands, Tony is reaching into the pocket of his suit, pulling out his packet of cigarettes and cherished lighter. He pulls a cigarette out of the packet, stuffing it back into his pocket as the cigarette dangles between his lips. Leaning against the side of the brick, Tony is flicking the lighter, bringing it up to the cigarette.
I’m in a critically stressed year of my life right now and updates are scarce, I know that, but I’m trying my hardest to bring out updates and I’m trying to make them the best of my ability, even of the endings are a little quick and shady.
Tonys phone is handmade, built by Tony himself with advanced technology even for the times that they live in. He couldn't deal with IPhones or Samsung mobiles, finding them too clunky and easily breakable, always bugging or smashing into pieces. This phone however, is quick and will have to take an intense amount of pressure for it to break.
"Hmm?"Tony spins from where his mind is distracted by staring at his phone screen. He's has yet to get a reply from Steve and it was worrying away at the back of his head."Oh! Dinner starts at 8, the guests will most likely arrive by 7. They're all snobby bastards and old tarts so unfortunately you can't get laid tonight."
"Hey, you can't go in there."He shouts snappily down the hallway, uncaring about the stares as he walks past Dr Strange and towards Steve who looks dumbfounded and confused.
Pepper had stared, at what, she wasn't sure because Tony's workshop was a cluster of Genius waste, of a mess that she would describe, but organisation that Tony would argue.
And Tony hates it when other people are right, because deep down, Tony knows that he needs this fixed. It's not only flashing S.I into a bad light, but it's putting his place at MIT on the line, a place that Tony so desperately needs to keep.
Sure, Tony forgets things all of the time, like his birthday or Christmas or exams but suddenly, this feels way more important than all of those combined. He had made a promise, contentless little promises to Steve on his departure to keep in contact and to phone every so often at least. He has lived up to those promises, mostly.
He lets it ring off with the possibility that it could be a drunken Ty Stone attempting to video call him, something that he has a habit of doing at this time of night. Tony wouldn't say that Tiberius Stone is the worse of people in the world -  Because Howard and Obi probably make the top of his list - but he isn't the best, and he defiantly isn't one of Tony Starks favourites.
"What's your purpose here because I'm sure it's not to throw around the disability card and raid my fridge."Steve asks tiredly, watching as Clint makes a happy sound in the back of his throat, catching sight of the time on the wall before giddily grabbing the bottle of beer and opening it.
Tony's head pulses harshly against his temples, an ache that Tony has grown accustom to over the last year or so of being involved in the party scene, fairly new to the party scene but very knowledgeable about the alcohol. His body aches, a dull type of ache that settles into his bones, down the muscle of his legs, a swirling nausea at the top of his stomach and sharp pain in his neck from where his body is angled in an awkward position on the hard, fine wooden floors of Stark House, Malibu, California.
He also doesn't want them to find out just yet due to the fact that means they'd want to meet Tony, want to know every little expect of his life that Steve knows, where he's from, what school he goes to and all the works. Steve himself doesn't even know all of that, and in a way, he doesn't want to know just yet. Tony doesn't seem like the kind of person for sharing personal details of his life and that suits Steve just fine, because hey, neither is he.
"You don't even know him!"Bucky finally bursts with a shout, frustrated with not only Hameln but with Steve of how dumb that he is acting, of how dumb that he's being, how dumb that he truly is for Tony.
"I'm fine, I'm hungry which isn't exactly a sign of injury but I guess in my dramatic state of mind it could be."
It's not as if he doesn't want his friends to know - because of course, they will eventually whether Steve tells them himself or someone steals his phone - because he does, on his own terms. He just wants to have a friendship away from his main group of friends, with someone who doesn't know Steve like the rest do, one that can be built from the ground up.
Tony is wrapped up in a hug that should be called Awkward, because it is with Maria's arms around his shoulders and Tony left unsure of where to place his own arms or if he should hug back. It wasn't like the hug he received from Sarah, that had been a genuine hug of 'Please be safe' unlike the hug he's receiving now, forced.
It's not like Tony doesn't like people - because yes, he's a teenager and no, lets not refer to the common belief that all teenagers hate
'. He winces at the shooting pain that seems to soar through him and it's too late to stiffen his wince of pain before Pepper is gasping, the tears brimming her eyes. "Pepper, don't, I'm
Steve knows that Sarah isn't going to take it well, of course she won't. Steve is her only son, the only person in her life not to die or get up and leave. No mother wants to see their child - never mind their
Tony's feathers have been ruffled, he overcomes the chill as he rolls back his shoulders, making himself feel stronger, feel taller as he speaks up.
Stark Industries goes through a jurassic change over the months after Howard's death, or so, Tony suspects from the mountains of emails that seem to gather in his inbox, notified with every keyword or forward of an email of plans, tactics, marketing, production. None of it concerns Tony, as of yet, because Tony's job is to be the face of the Corporation and when he's not doing that, he's stuck in engineering the latest gadget or gizmo.
"Yes."Tony answers truthfully, keeping their stare."You'd do a lot of things to me just because you just could, and that's the truth."Tony's voice holds so much more, something that only Howard understands because neither might not be good with people but their good with one another, Tony can get inside of Howard's head and the same for the other with just words.
"That's cute, dear, but I'm sure I'll be fine."Sarah is unable to help the smile that breaks out on her face at the protectiveness in Tony's voice. Coming to tend to Tony is probably the highlight of Sarah's day, and he's only been - conscious - at the hospital for a week and already Sarah has a soft spot for the teenager."Are these your plans?"
"You're a Neurosurgeon, what are you doing getting yourself preoccupied with a case that clearly belongs to me."It's more of a demand than a question because if there's one thing that Tony Stark dislikes is before getting involved in his work.
Of course, Tony doesn't attend and he didn't want to either. He found them boring, with overly snobbish beings with rods so far up their asses that they would need to be surgically removed, with overly propaganda type food that Tony couldn't even pronounce and of course, he'd have to be licking up Howard's ass for the entire night so not to look like a disrespectful, I'll-mannered son.
"It makes my intelligence seem so fictional! Animated! Comedic! I have you informed that my IQ is very much real, thank you very much."
Alcohol numbs the pain, but only for awhile, Tony learns the hard way. He's on a strangers bathroom floor the next time that it happens. He's 21. Legal. Flying solo for the first time in his life without the weight of a company on his shoulders because Howard is gone for Christmas and he's taken Mom, and Obie has taken responsibility because god knows Tony isn't going to stay sober over Christmas, never mind New Years.
"Dr Banner! Oh don't give me that face, we're in a professional environment, if I don't call you by your title then we just have to treat you like a patient and Stephen over here has
"Tony, you're not in the country."Strange gently reminds Tony of his absence, practically watching the gears turn in his head as Tony tries to figure out what it is that Doctor Strange is talking about. And then it hits him.
It was a solid plan, the only problem was time. They needed a few minutes to put the plan into action, and of course the building wasn't going to wait for that.
It shouldn't have surprised him that the way he would slowly get close to the Avengers would be after a mission. It's how they all bonded the first time, after Loki's attack and Tony flying into space. Tony hadn't been joking when he said they should all get shawarma and demanded they go there.
"Kids got good taste if she's copying me" Sam had a retort back but he found himself in a trance like state as Bucky spoke, eyes drawn to his lips wanting to lick the sauces off himself.
"Thanks" he huffed, locking his arms up even tighter as more debris started to fall. A particularly sharp piece fell and dug into his bicep, causing him to let out a hiss of pain as it scraped his skin, causing blood to bubble to the surface.
"Huh? Oh no, not a problem. So this is the Wakandan version of the Avengers mansion?" he tried to joke but it was weak and fell through. All it did was make Steve and Wanda remember their old lives. Sensing his mistake Tony kept talking. "So what's for dinner? I'm hoping something greasy and fattening" he clapped his hands together, and glanced his eyes up at the ceiling for a brief moment before remembering F.R.I.D.A.Y wasn't here and lowering them again. He must have been caught up in the past as well. The team all eating dinner together, making jokes, and actually behaving as a family. Back when Nat had red hair and Steve didn't have a beard.
"Stark! Get your ass up here and hold your daughter" Steve shot a panicked look at Nat, who smiled reassuringly at him.
"Of course you leave me in charge of the Satan child. You couldn't leave me with the good one" everyone laughed at the table, and it gave Steve hope that in the end this could work out for the better. Meeting Tony's eyes again he mouthed the word
"They're so small" Sam whispered as he held Maria. Nat was holding the boy, while Wanda and Bucky were by Steve's side both refusing to leave. He had been in wars and fought numerous battles, but nothing had drained him like this. He had screamed, almost broke Sam's hand when he tried to comfort him, and cried until he couldn't anymore, but it was all over now.
“Can you” Steve waved his hand at the twins, knowing it should be him comforting his kids, but he couldn’t. Not when they were scared of him. Before Rhodey could answer Steve was already leaving the kitchen, heading to his bedroom.
Twins. He couldn't believe it. Soon there would be a little Maria, and whatever he named the boy waking up the palace at odd hours of the night. Steve stopped walking as he thought about it. Would he keep the name Maria for the girl? That was the name Tony had picked out, and calling out her name would only remind him of his ex. But that was what Tony wanted, and even though they weren't together anymore he would honor that. It was the least he could do after not telling him about any of this.
Their room was half pink and half blue, making it look like a cotton candy monster had thrown up everywhere. Putting down both babies in their own cribs he went back to the living room to tidy up this mess before they made a new one. It was impressive how they made it look like a tornado mixed with an earthquake blew threw every room they entered.
The first punch startled Steve. It sounded like another bomb going off. If there was another bomb, they wouldn't survive. His phone hadn't buzzed again, so he assumed H.Y.D.R.A was waiting to see what happened. Although, with the fire and explosion, the cameras should all be wiped out.
"Oh, and Steve?" Tony paused in the doorway, and Steve turned his head to stare at him, an eyebrow raised.
“A bit of a mix, although if I eat something I usually puke it up. And certain smells can set it off” the doctor looked up at him for a second as if studying him, before she lowered her clipboard and looked at him with a new look.
"It's ok. A good soldier is always ready for duty" Steve smiled tightly, because really on his kids birthday this was the last place he wanted to be. But the look in the kings eyes and the tone of his voice told Steve that this was serious.
The only problem was Steve himself. None of them could get him to take care of himself, not even Bucky, and they were at the end of their lines. Hence why Nat had to forcibly drag him out of bed and into the kitchen.
"You scare me because I realize I don't know you. I once said you didn't have a dark side, and you tried to tell me you did. Stupid of me to not believe you" Tony had a tear slowly trailing down his cheek, and Steve wanted to wipe it but refrained. Tony was scared of him, Tony is scared of him. He wanted to throw up, he wanted to break something, he wanted to scream, he wanted he wanted he wanted.
“Help me up” he ignored the look Bucky gave him at his request, not being able to handle seeing the added concern that swept across his face because Steve never asked for help, and held out his hands. Bucky helped steady him when he started to wobble and Steve shot him an appreciative smile.
“So” Tony started when the silence had continued for a few minutes. “You still want to give me a tour of Wakanda?” And Steve smiled and found himself nodding his head.
He tightened his grip on the ceiling, the force of the punches causing it to shift, and crack dangerously, like it was going to break into smaller pieces.
"Hey, when you grow up during the depression and have some form of super soldier serum coursing through your veins you eat a lot" Bucky teased back, again his voice not sounding teasing unless you knew him. Wanda used her powers to levitate some food to hers and Visions plates, something she usually did but the smirk on her face told Steve she was purposely making a big deal out of it tonight. She wanted to annoy Tony that she was able to use her gifts, and it was working. Tony glared at the sparks of red that drifted out of Wanda's hands. Honestly it was like Wanda was the rebellious kid. The more you tried to get her to stop doing something, the more she would do it.
"Hello printsessa" Nat cooed, using her Russian nickname for her niece. She made eye contact with him, and he smiled weakly in appreciation. She had cut her hair again, so it fell just above her shoulders, and it was dyed blonde. He doesn't think he'll ever get used to seeing her look like this.
"Sorry, it just slipped out. Listen Tony, there's actually a reason I called" this was it, this was the moment of truth. "Tony, I, no we. Tony we have-" a wail came from the living room, and Steve looked up in horror as Maria knocked all of Jame's blocks over.
“I bet Wanda doesn’t sleep in that late, you soldiers, spies, and assassins are just extremely early risers. Sleeping in for you guys is what, eight? That’s early for the rest of the world” Tony teased, smiling appreciatively as Tony put a cup of coffee in front of him.
"Ya Tony?" he didn't look at him, pulling out the food from the freezer. He couldn't explain his annoyance right now, but it was there. Was he annoyed at the fact that Tony was here, so close to him and he couldn't kiss him? Or that they wouldn't be alone with their kids tonight? Maybe because Tony hadn't apologized when he honestly should? H.Y.D.R.A looking for him which could endanger everyone around him, as well as innocent civilians? Steve was going to take a lucky guess and say it was all of the above.
“I heard a bang and a shout, is everything ok?” Wanda met him in the hallway followed by Vision, looking very intimidating with her fingers sparking red and her matching pj’s that were covered in hearts, paired with her bed head.
"How long was the timer, do I have time to deactivate it?" Tony yelled over the comm, sounding ready to fly through the roof if he could just pin point their location. J.A.R.V.I.S was probably already scanning for their heat signatures.
Tony didn't have the kids because Steve had never told him about them. So scared of Tony trying to take them away he hadn't really thought about it. He knew Tony, Tony would never do something like that. He let his fears take over him, and it hid him from the truth. Tony was a good man.
"Are you two?" the implication was clear, and even Steve was a little curious to hear the answer. The two of them were so secretive, the only one who might know would be Nat because what didn't she know?
“Come on now James, be a good boy” Steve handed him to Tony, while taking Maria into his arms. Tony was being unusually quiet, seeming content to just observe. James started to whimper, but Tony started the rocking motion he had been doing earlier.
"Thor, grab the edge of the ceiling. Together the two of you are going to gently, and I can't stress how important I say gently, set it down and get out. I'll be here ready to fly in and shield you if I have to Nomad, and Hulk is ready to jump in and hold up the building if it continues to collapse" it was the first time Tony had called him Nomad instead of Replacement, and it felt good to know he was moving up the scale. He would take on an entire building collapsing if it meant Tony would talk to him.
"We have a boy and a girl. Almost a year old, in two weeks they will be" Steve started to speak and he heard Tony let out a quiet hum.
"No, this all looks good Steve" Nat smiled reaching for a hamburger to put on her plate. Sam grabbed a hot dog and a hamburger while Bucky grabbed two hamburgers and three hotdogs. Thankfully Steve knew to create lots, or all the food would go directly into Bucky and his stomach's.
"Well it's about time" and suddenly everyone's eyes were on them, and oh god Tony was looking at him, and Steve was no longer sure he could do this. Thankfully he was saved by Nat, because Nat was always there for him, who came over to steal Maria.
"He's a good man. Why wouldn't they make him a new arm, after you took his old one?" Sam put himself in front of Bucky, and Steve thought that was a better shield then even his old one. Because Sam would rather drop dead before he let anyone near Bucky who had threatening intentions. The shock on everyone's face that didn't know how close Sam and Bucky had gotten almost made Steve laugh. He would have in a different scenario. Tony looked back and forth between them, trying to work something out in his head, as if they were one of his formulas.
"But what about Wanda and Barnes?" Rhodey blurt out, still in shock. Being in the military, then being a superhero, then becoming paralyzed made it seem like Rhodey was never supposed to have kids in his life. Certainly not his own anyways.
Two chapter updates in one day?! Insane. I don't know when I'll be able to update again because this weekend is a little hectic for me, so I want to post while I can. Also it has been brought to my attention that this story sort of seems like an anti Tony story right now, and I would like to say I swear it's not. While this story is not accords friendly, this is not going to make Steve look like a saint and Tony the devil. But right now we're seeing everything through Steve's eyes, so it wouldn't make sense for there to be any pro Tony's side right now because Steve believes Tony is wrong. Steve is going to make mistakes, Tony is going to make mistakes. Not one of them will be better then the other in this story. Also just wanted to say I don't know if this story is going to follow Infinity War and Endgame, and if it does I'll be changing things
the brawn. They could never capture him, but his kids had just turned a year old. They were easy targets, who had no fighting chance. If Steve messed up then...
"They all look like you Captain Rogers. H.Y.D.R.A must know that you wouldn't have stuck around in the country you are wanted in, and that you most likely changed up your look" they wanted him. This wasn't a new thing, H.Y.D.R.A was always after him wanting the serum or to just torture him. And he always welcomed them to try, because Steve was just that much better. He remembered the elevator situation very vividly, it was one of his prouder moments. But that was all before Maria and James. Now, he had so much to loose.
"I can't tell you that Tony. Tony I wanted to tell you, I really did, but I was to scared and that doesn't excuse it, really, but I couldn't let anything happen to them" Steve answered without actually answering but Tony was smart. He'd figure it out. He waited for Tony to answer, and when he didn't Steve spoke up.
"Good bye trouble makers" he smiled at the kids who were close to falling asleep and walked out of the room.
“H.Y.D.R.A has started killing men that resemble me. They are trying to find me, and when they realize that they’ve gone after the wrong man they execute them” and really, it wasn’t anything new, H.Y.D.R.A was always looking for Steve, more importantly the serum, but it still caused fear and anger to swell inside Tony.
“Mr. Rogers, Mr. Barnes” a pretty female doctor greeted them, her accent thick just like everyone else’s. “I assume you are here because of Mr. Rogers puking?” So T’Challa must have known that Steve would eventually cave and see a doctor.
It was as if the ceiling could hear his thoughts, as at that moment the part above them collapsed. He had heard people say that in a life or death moment the situation had slowed down. It had never happened to him, until this moment. The section of the ceiling was slowly dropping down on them. Clint and Nat were squirming and shouting, trying to evade it. Tony was shouting trying to figure out what the panic was about. Thor was trying to reassure them he had Bruce and was flying him over.
"Tony? You still there?" There was no answer, and Steve swore under his breath. He had missed his chance because one of his children was a spawn of Satan. She was lucky he loved her more then anything else in the world, her and her brother. He went to hang up the phone when Tony spoke up and Steve thanked the lord.
"No" Steve instantly disagreed, because it didn't make it right. "But it did make it safe" And safety overruled right every time now. Maria had reached James, and Steve waited to see if she would play peacefully with him or if she was in a mood.
"And I'm sorry for Siberia. Am I sorry for trying to kill Barnes? No, not in that moment. You have to understand just what I was feeling Steve. You know you'd react the same way if someone told you that they killed your mother. But now that the situation is over, that I can look at things clearly, I know I would have done what you did if it was Rhodey in Barnes position. If someone told you Rhodey had killed your mother while he was brainwashed, ya I'd take Rhodey's side. I've been tortured myself, I can understand a little bit about what happened with Barnes. So I am sorry for trying to kill Barnes. It wasn't him. However, you can't expect me to become all buddy buddy with him, because I won't. I get that it wasn't him, but when I look at him all I can picture is him standing over my mom. Same with Wanda. I get that she's a kid, but when I look at her all I can picture is her getting into my head and showing me my biggest fears. All I can picture is her showing me you dead" tears filled Steve's eyes at the honesty he was hearing. Tony wasn't saying things to appeal to Steve, he was being genuine. They still had a lot to work out, but this was good.
"Buck, I'm thirty nine weeks pregnant with twins. My stomach is the size of a beach ball. Sleep isn't possible" he gave Bucky a pointed look, who just gave him a look mixed with amusement but also sympathy.
But was he really in the wrong if he had the support he did? Bucky was automatically on his side, considering everything evolved around him. Wanda, Clint, Scott, and Sam had all taken his side in the beginning. And people who were initially on Tony’s side were now on his. King T’Challa was currently housing them, Vision had started to contact Wanda and would secretly meet with her and also stop by to say hi to everyone, and Nat had turned on Tony and helped them escape. And if Bruce and Thor had been with them he was sure they would side with him because Bruce would never sign with General Ross, and Thor did what he wanted. He was a prince after all. No, Steve didn’t think he was in the wrong.
"You sure you're ok?" with us staying here, after your talk with King kitty, in general? They were all unasked, but Steve knew what he meant. And Steve so desperately wanted to tell Tony everything from the chat with the king to the chat with the black widow. They were supposed to be doing an honesty thing, to try and gain each others trust back. No more secrets, it was the unsaid agreement. He met Tony's eyes as he answered.
“I was also just being a coward,” Tony replies blithely, earning him another amused look from Steve. “What? Don’t look at me like that. I mean it. We’ve got a good thing, but I’ve got an even better track record of
The melody shifts once more. It is soft, grieving; Steve can hear the apology, feels it settle over his tumultuous thoughts to brush away the pain.
The Gem doesn’t answer, but the memories continue. A battle against machines much greater than his own, an array of heroes at his side that barely manage to maintain a stalemate. There is a familiar crackle of magic in the air, the sharp scent of lightning before it strikes--
It takes him a moment to process exactly where he’s found himself, manacles of vibranium chrome binding him to the wall. Tony knew what kind of damage Steve’s strength could do, and it was clear he’d prepared for it plenty. The collar around his neck is just tight enough to be uncomfortable, though it still allows him shallow breaths. He is shackled at his shoulders, his biceps, his wrists; he is every ounce a caged animal, his uniform ripped and blooded from Tony’s assault.
Steve, of all people, can certainly relate. God knows he gets plenty tongue-tied when Tony’s attention is on him.
He isn’t sure if he would hesitate, now. If he manages to beat Tony into the ground, he’s not sure he’ll find it in himself to show mercy. Tony’s betrayal is more than just standing across from him on a battlefield, refusing to back down on the principle of his own pride. He’s left Steve on the operating table, carving out his memories with rusted instruments, digging through his rib cage to find the last vestige of his faith, gutting him as though he were nothing more than one of his machines. He wonders why Tony didn’t just let him
“I feel like that would’ve saved you some effort,” Steve hisses in pain, trying to readjust into a more comfortable position. He’s quickly finding it to be a useless effort.
to be right, regardless of the body count. It was nearly too late by the time Steve came to his senses, half a moment away from bringing the shield down against Tony’s exposed throat.
but he feels pinned down under his gaze, feeling every ounce that skinny kid from Brooklyn for the first time in years. It kindles a sharp heat in his stomach, tingling up his spine. He can’t even conceive of anyone else making him feel like this.
Another breath, two, and his demeanor shifts once more. Blue washes over red, still just as blinding, still just a terrible reminder of how little Steve recognizes him, any longer.
It was Tony’s voice that called him back, pulling him from the promise of a universe shaped in his image. But it was still futile, wasn’t it? All but one Gem shattered, broken stained glass that once promised salvation. The Time Gem was lost to the stars, as was their last chance at a peaceful end.
there, for all his mind is acknowledging them. He knew he would need them, walking into the lair of the beast-- but what does it really matter, when Tony has his attention snared? It may as well just be the two of them here, standing on the same precipice they’ve danced along all these years. Their melody still plays on, discordant as it may be. After years of offbeat steps and stumbling tempos, Steve foolishly thought they’d found their footing again.
“Give me the Time Gem,” he says, voice low and honey sweet, “and I can fix all of this, Steve. You and I won’t have to fight anymore. Isn’t that what you want?”
“But you know what?” He says, looking him over with feigned indifference, “you’ve had a long day, haven’t you? Really, you must be exhausted.” He smiles, “Why don’t I give you the night to think about it, hm? We can figure out your repercussions in the morning.”
“No! No,” Steve blurts out immediately, the guilt only settling further. “No, I’m alright. I know you probably need to stick around for a little while longer, and…” his gaze drifts away for a moment, trying to keep his voice as even as possible, “I don’t know, you seemed like you were having a good time. The dame you were speaking with was…”
he sneers, “I don’t want the Gem, but I won’t let a genocidal maniac have it, either.” Tony’s demeanor changes between one heartbeat and the next. The glowing blue of his suit shifts to red, molten and bleeding, a mirror image of Steve. It’s too easy for them to dig into each other.
he’s alive, he’s alive, there’s no bullet wound, he didn’t lose him yet, there isn’t a shield resting against his chest like a funeral shroud and there’s still a heartbeat, still life left in him--
Tony throws the tumbler, shattering it against the wall in a hail of glass and amber whiskey. Steve doesn’t so much as blink.
is Tony afraid? Perhaps for the future. Steve just has to hope that this was enough, that he doesn’t have to be right at Tony’s side to fix this. Maybe this will give him the push to right their wrongs.
A nightmare in the back of his mind, lingering without a vision to explain it. He needs to see Steve, though he can’t explain why it stirs up trepidation in his chest.
Tony cuts him off with a roll of his eyes, “God, if I knew you were going to show up and start lecturing like this, I would have stocked up on more booze.”
Tony’s arms stretch wide, a conductor before his orchestra, the armor settling against him like a second skin. He is still every ounce the performer the world believed him to be, poised for their next song.
“I will soon,” Steve promises, “you won’t have to put up with this much longer, okay? I love you, Tony. I hope it was worth it.”
Tony is frozen in place at the lofted bar, a martini glass halfway tilted to his mouth, clearly caught off guard by his appearance. Steve stiffens the moment they lock eyes, but he’ll be damned if he makes the first move. Where is this Tony from, in their timeline? The drink in his hand indicates that it’s probably previous to Tony’s sobriety, but he can’t make heads or tails of this place. Did the Gem drop him even
There is nothing melodic about the crack of his fist against Tony’s jawline, but it still brings an abrupt end to their symphony, the sharp snap of frayed strings and splintering bows. He supposes it answers the question as to which of them was leading this shoddy excuse of a dance.
Or, rather, Iron Man. Before he’d known the brave, beautiful man beneath the mask, they were still inseparable. Iron Man’s arm is slung over Steve’s shoulder as they laugh, trading witty banter as easy as breathing. Even with the faceplate, Steve still knows that Tony’s smile is just as bright as his own.
Well, that certainly shoots down every theory he’d considered. If Tony knew that Steve disappeared, then…
be. Steve hasn’t fought Tony with a fury like this since… since they were at war with each other, toppling their own empire from within. It had just been righteous indignation then, the stubborn insistence that one of them
Steve is typically rather content to observe from the sidelines, watching as Tony makes a clear path from one side of the room to the other in his quest to charm every patron in attendance. It’s not hard to tell-- for Steve, at least-- that Tony has a few people he’ll actively try to reduce his time with, but the smirk that graces his lips never falters, and there’s never a single word that falls from his mouth that doesn’t land perfectly. It doesn’t matter if he hates the person in front of him or not; he’ll make them seem like the center of the universe when his attention is on them. It’s enough to leave even the most reserved individual a bit flustered.
“So I’m learning,” Tony muses. “It’s nice to know I can make you jealous, though.” Steve groans, dropping his head against Tony’s shoulder. Damn it, he was hoping he’d forget all about that little blip. Tony just laughs quietly again, brushing his hand against the nape of his neck. He tries not to shiver at the touch.
near imperceivable until it’s far too late. It is… a sense of freedom he didn’t have mere moments ago. It is cold calculation, steady and observant. He sees the battlefield for what it is, of course; an opportunity. An
Steve already has an argument on the tip of his tongue, fully prepared to defend Tony, even if it’s only to the man himself. He made it clear long ago that he didn’t care what Tony’s reputation had been, it didn’t make him respect him any less or make him wary of Tony’s intentions. But Tony already seems to be leaving the topic behind, watching Steve with a quizzical look that turns to a spark of understanding in his eyes.
There isn’t enough breath left in Steve’s lungs to properly laugh. “You say that like every other word out of your mouth hasn’t been a lie.”
“That’s your gimmick, not mine, Stark,” he replies humorlessly. “What the hell makes you think I can control an Infinity Gem all on my own?”
The shackle tightens against his throat, cutting off his airway. He struggles against it instinctively, but it only serves to choke him further.
this,” Steve bites out, “I don’t know why the Time Gem didn’t break with all the others. I don’t know why it decided to send me
He doesn’t do it on purpose. Tony isn’t laughing, any longer. The Gem burns through him the moment he realizes what he’s done.
Tony gapes at him in surprise for a moment, before his mouth curls into his usual grin. It’s genuine and playful in a way his smiles weren’t back in that crowd of people, and it thrills Steve to know he can draw it out of him. It’s all he’s ever wanted-- to see Tony at ease, even if it’s at the expense of being teased himself.
“It’s okay,” he breathes out, watching Tony with soft adoration, with the affection he never allowed himself before. He smiles as his eyes slip closed. “It’s okay.”
“...I could still try to take it, you know,” he says, if only to break the silence. If only to keep up appearances, when there is no one left in the audience. “It’s killing you, isn’t it? I could let it finish the job. I could use it, take us back to…”
Tony outright scoffs at him. “What, did you really think I didn’t notice? I can tell when people are pining after me from a mile away, and you were the furthest thing from subtle.” The stone cracks, crumbles, little by little. “I figured I’d let you down easy, you know. I fully intended to wait it out and leave you your dignity. But even after
It is a bond crafted in fire and steel, in stone and ice. It is the soldier lost to time and the futurist adrift in his own mind, tethered to each other, two halves to set the world in balance. It is a war ended before it can begin, vows of devotion instead of death throes. It is hushed words and biting tones, it is the give and take of a thread that never frays. It is every memory he could possibly have, if they weren’t so determined to destroy each other, instead. It is a hundred lifetimes, all at once.
He taps the star emblazoned on Steve’s chest, amused by the way he tries to shrink back from the touch. “I realized you
ago. He has no idea who the hell the man in front of him is, but he’s certainly not the one he fell in love with all those years ago. “Was this you behind closed doors, all this time? How long were you pretending to be anything more than a
He falters, caught in a horrific sense of deja-vu. Steve looks up at him in confusion, before the same spark of recognition lights in his eyes.
It’s a miracle that he holds fast, knowing that the memories it sees fit to show him will be nothing short of agonizing. The ice keeps him immobile, a frozen prison that was meant to be a coffin. The first few months as an Avenger, wondering if they only cared about Captain America, not Steve Rogers. Tony leaving Steve in his cell with nothing but scathing words, soon to die on the steps of the courthouse. The nightmare that turns to reality, Tony’s betrayal eating him alive.
“It would have been worth it, you know,” he says softly. The armor begins to bleed off of him, connecting them, a new power to be consumed.
Even though he knows what’s coming, even though he still sees the end of the world in absolute clarity, he wants to give this up
It steals the breath from Steve’s lungs, and it takes all of his willpower to break apart from him, knowing full well that they’re running the risk of being caught in a
“Oh, Stella?” Tony hums, “Yeah, it’s been a while since I’ve seen her. She doesn’t like to show up to these things-- spends half the time fending off men three times her age, usually. They tend to keep a wider perimeter if they think I’m competition, though. But hey, at least my old reputation is good for
He supposes Tony didn’t need the sledgehammer, after all. The Time Gem seems intent to finish the job for him.
this is what I want,” He says immediately, as though hesitating will ruin his chances of convincing Tony. His gaze snaps back to Steve, though there’s still an edge of tension in the lines of his shoulders, as though he doesn’t quite believe him. Steve won’t stand for it a moment longer.
Steve takes in a shallow breath beneath the oxygen mask, offering no soft laughter, no gentle banter as he lets Tony move him along.
Steve admonishes, though he can’t help his small huff of laughter. Tony’s giving him that same look he always does when he makes him laugh-- like he’s proud of himself, like he’s just basking in the glow of it. He wants to say that it was similar to the look he had earlier, but there’s something warmer about it, something more genuine.
The irony of it isn’t lost on him. He’s always lived on borrowed time, and Time itself shouldn’t be restricted by such things-- but he’s fairly sure neither one of them have a choice.
The Time Gem would smile, if it could. It threads Steve and Tony back into place, weaving through their second chance. They have hurt each other, yes, but not irreparably. Perhaps this will be enough to save them all.
is the man he loves. But the collar is still biting into his skin, and the hand against his skin is nothing but cold metal plating. He couldn’t pretend if he tried.
“And speaking of self-control, which I’ve never been known for,” Tony continues easily, “I’m very likely going to kiss you now, so speak now or forever hold your--
There is an awful memory in the back of his mind as he works, a dream-turned-reality. After days of Steve refusing to surrender the Gem, he tested the theory that it was physically
Steve has no idea where the hell this is going. But he sits beside Tony anyway, taking the moment of peace before they fall back into the same pattern.
“I said it was a necessary sacrifice. Only one world, instead of two. I don’t know if there was still a Steve Rogers on that earth, but I didn’t
“Which part was it, then?” Tony demands, but he’s lost so much of his bravado, his self-satisfied smirk. Where is the man that tortured him with all of this? That threw his love back in his face, that taunted him with every ounce of happiness he’d never be allowed?
Tony is not acting, right now. Tony has never looked more at ease, lit up and handsome like the charismatic playboy everyone assumed him to be. He is sharp edges and smoldering heat, not a single ounce of kindness left in those blue eyes. He watches Steve like he’s
There is an onslaught of memories, crashing and battering against him, one after the other. He can hear his mother singing through the thin walls of their Brooklyn apartment, warming him to the core. He sees the familiar arc of his shield as it ricochets through the battlefield, the friendly banter of the Avengers filtering through his ear piece. A gala that Jan forced them to attend ages and ages ago, when Steve was still trying to find his footing with the team.
He’s running off base instinct for this fight, focused solely on Tony-- which is exactly why he doesn’t immediately realize the flashes across his vision aren’t coming from repulsor blasts or the muzzle of a gun.
“I could be doing something else with my mouth, if you’d like,” he says without thinking, the tips of his ears burning pink a half second later. It’s hardly the first comment he’s made like this, but with the context of knowing Tony harbors the same feelings, it seems to hold a different weight.
There is a wildfire kindling, the same agony in his veins as the first time Extremis took root in his body. How long has it been since he felt any pain worth enduring?
Steve,” Tony snaps. He’s suddenly upright, putting space between them, unable to look him in the eye. He’s grabbing for the decanter of whiskey on the nearby side table, pouring himself a glass with shaking hands.
“Sleep well, sweetheart,” he says, giving him a wink as he turns to leave, “Now if you excuse me, you’ve already taken up too much of my time. I have guests to attend to, you know.”
“And how do you know which ones were the lies?” he asks, hand coming up to curl against his cheek. It’s not cruel, like he was in the beginning. There is no layer of metal between them, both of them laid bare. He leans into the touch like he always wanted, letting himself pretend.
“”I was mad,” he continues, even softer than before. “I was mad because I would have chosen you every time. It hurt, knowing that the man I loved would never care about me as much as I cared about him.”
He’s still so selfish. He hopes that the worlds survive, yes, but above all else, he hopes that Tony lives.
The words burn in his mouth, acid tumbling against his teeth. It’s been so long since he’s tasted revulsion like this, violent and volatile as it crashes through him, spurning him forward towards its source.
He takes an involuntary step backwards, but Tony isn’t afraid to step in closer, to corner him in a way he’s never managed before. Whatever this armor is, it leaves his face uncovered, which Steve would imagine should make it less alien-- but it doesn’t. It just serves as a reminder that this Tony isn’t afraid to show his face, to meet his gaze with near inhuman eyes.
His body doesn’t hold the strength it once did, but he is still furious, still righteous. Tony stands before him in that shining armor, a testament to his godhood. Steve will be Godkiller, sacrilege and heresy,
distance between himself and others, rarely moving to make contact even for light, friendly touches, but he doesn’t seem to have that reservation with this woman. He has his hand lightly resting against her back, where the line of her dress dips quite low, and he doesn’t seem inclined to move away from her in the slightest. She’s laughing at something Tony said, and he’s smiling brightly, amusement and ease etched across his face, and--
He closes his eyes, feels the wildfire catch, tastes the ash in his mouth; this is no battlefield, but he will allow himself to burn.
Tony reaches up to curve his palm against his jawline, and he doesn’t hesitate to lean into the touch. In for a penny, right? He rests his hands against Tony’s hips, beneath his suit jacket, while he still feels brave. Tony seems to marvel at the action, watching him with bright eyes that seem to see right through him. Has he always been this transparent to Tony, or is it just easier, now that his feelings are out in the open?
at someone. Did he think that just because Tony looked comfortable for a moment, that meant he didn’t have feelings for him?
“...You stupid, optimistic idiot,” Tony says, meaning for it to be an insult-- but his grief is too apparent, dripping from his mouth. “You were supposed to hate me. Didn’t that make it easier? Isn’t that what we learned from the war?”
Tony tries to rip the Time Gem from his chest, not realizing that the only thing beneath his sternum is blood and sinew. This time, Steve really
Steve puts down his champagne glass on the nearby table before he can do something stupid, like crush it in his hand. He knows he’s being ridiculous, it’s not like Tony can’t socialize and be happy with other people, he would be a horrible person if he denied Tony that. But the insecurity still rears its ugly head, reminding him that Tony could, realistically, have
Tony’s right, in a horrible display of irony. Steve is bleeding, broken, caged. Tony’s taken a sledgehammer to his ribcage again and again, gearing up to swing once more. Where is he supposed to go, even if he breaks free?
“Do me a favor, Rogers?” Tony says as he kneels over him, a blurry mirage that fades to black. “Don’t get back up, this time.”
“You haven’t fucked up the team, or our friendship,” Steve says, to which Tony gasps dramatically and clutches at his chest. Steve just rolls his eyes.
“Steve Rogers,” Tony says from the doorway, light spilling out from the bustling party behind him, “Are you
at the man. It must be so nice to be able to joke about this situation, to have walked away unscathed. He has a burning retort in the back of his throat, but Tony interrupts him before he has the chance to snap.
He slams knee first onto the ground, cracking the marble flooring beneath him. He waits, steeling himself for the argument to come. He raises his gaze, the same as he has a hundred times before, to find Tony--
He continues the charade, until it no longer benefits him. Then he is reveling in the adoration, the reverence; he is king, god, and savior, allowing them to worship at his feet. Why should he deny himself what they offer? Sweet intoxication, the slide of slick bodies, perfection crafted in
It’s gentle touches and flirtatious smiles, it’s leaving no room between their bodies when they sit together on movie nights, it’s thinly veiled dates and sweet compliments. They’ve been doing this dance for a month or so now-- or at least, that he’s noticed-- and Steve finds himself… well, he finds himself enjoying it. He doesn’t consider it waiting, by any means, but more or less savoring the inevitability.
It speaks again, the memories disappearing as quickly as they came. He feels the loss of them immediately, so acutely aware of how that happiness had been ripped away from him, time and time again. It seems cruel, almost, that the Gem would torture him with these memories. Is this payback, somehow? For losing its siblings?
He isn’t listening anymore, the fight bleeding out of him the instant Tony’s back is turned. He doesn’t know why the Time Gem put him here, of all places, but he just wants to go
The gentle hand turns cruel, crushing into his jawline and forcing his head up to meet his eyes. “I could dig it out of you,” Tony hisses, “Torture it out of you, if you want to be so stupid about this. You think our little sparring match was the worst of what I could do? You were
...But he doesn’t know for sure, does he? He can guess at the signs all he wants, but he doesn’t know if Tony genuinely wants anything more from him than playful flirting. Steve has had himself so convinced that they’re just dancing around each other for now, but there’s a chance Tony doesn’t intend to take it any further than that. God, he’s been such an
“You weren’t the only one who was selfish, Steve,” he confesses, all of the fight leaving him at once. “Do you understand what I was willing to do for you? Even if you hated me? Do you realize what I was willing to sacrifice just to keep you alive?”
He falters, gripping at the railings of the bed. Where would he take them to? What time? When could they fix this, if at all?
He’s far more subdued after the last cycle, and Tony is more than happy to take advantage of it. It’s the same placating tactics he’s always used, and Steve knows a snake in the grass when he sees it. He still lets him strike anyway. He lets himself believe that there is hesitance in the killing blow.
effort to not screw this up immediately. “This isn’t about us, Tony. It’s not about what you did to me. You and I need to--”
Steve thinks it may very well be breaking him alongside it. He doesn’t know what space it has him trapped in, but clearly they need
A terrifyingly familiar warmth blooms from his chest, bleeding along his arm and into the palm of his hand.
He slams knee first onto the ground, cracking the marble flooring beneath him. He’s breathing heavily, as though the Gem had his body in a chokehold the entire time it held him hostage. It gave him no indication where it intended to drop him, and the music is silent once again. There are no words of advice, no fluttering notes of teasing. The Gem, as far as he knows, is
His reactions in their fights are growing slower, the Gem taking far longer to steal him away. He spends two days in chains, not once struggling against his bonds.
“You’re insatiable,” Steve accuses, though it sounds far too much like an endearment. “Alright then, Tony. Take me home, already.”
Everything suddenly clicks into place. Or, rather, he realizes that he is not the only one fractured, splintering apart.
The melody is quiet, a memory long lost. It is Maria’s hands on the piano keys, teaching Tony to play, one note after the other.
with. The pain he’d felt lancing through his body has all but disappeared, and quite frankly, he’s not sure if he can feel his body at all.
“--but I would like to be,” he continues just as calmly, knocking Steve entirely off kilter. The emotional whiplash must be evident on his face, if Tony’s wry smile is anything to go by. “You can’t tell me that’s a surprise to you, right? I thought I was being pretty obvious. Just thought I’d give you time to… figure out if this was what you really wanted.” He pauses as he glances away, looking unsure of himself in a way Steve’s never seen.
“You’re right, we’re not,” Tony agrees easily, and Steve feels his stomach drop. Well, that confirms it then, doesn’t it? Tony doesn’t want an actual relationship from him, and he probably thinks Steve was naive to take his flirting so seriously. He’s just been misreading the signs, he was an idiot for thinking--
he says pointedly, stepping forward into Steve’s space, “You are a hazard to society, Rogers. And to my self-control.” His advance leaves Steve with his back against the railing, Tony’s arms on either side of him, bracketing him. Considering their differing size and strength, it’s laughable to think that Tony could keep Steve
He isn’t allowed a single moment to breathe before the next wave washes over him, a balm against the fire, yet somehow so much
belittling and cruel. Steve remembers when his laughter was his favorite sound, pride settling over him at the chance to make him happy, to make him look carefree and
He wasn’t mine. Not that it matters--” he barks out a harsh laugh, self-deprecating, broken. “You weren’t mine, either. You couldn’t be, not when you realized what I had done. And isn’t that the worst part?”
“Well, you did an excellent job of breaking all the others,” Tony says, brushing off his jab. “Are you aiming to round out the collection?”
There’s no point in bringing in a doctor; there’s not a wound to stitch or bones to reset, there isn’t a bullet to be dug out or a burn to salve. There is only Steve, heart tangled with an Infinity Gem that is splintering them into fragments.
"I mean, you can say no" but Steve really hoped he didn't. He wasn't only trying to repair his relationship with Tony, but also those he had grown close too because of his ex husband.
“She took it hard in the beginning. When I told her I was having twins. She still thinks about Pietro a lot, misses him everyday. But, her connection to the twins is deeper than that. It’s the same reason Nat is so good with them. They never really had that growing up. That sense of comfort, of belonging, of home. I guess in a way Wanda is re-enacting what she wished her childhood would have been like, while ensuring the twins have it. Plus, she makes an awesome older sister to them” The kids would grow up viewing Wanda as their older sister. They may not be blood, but they were family.
Thank you guys so much for the wonderful reviews! It makes writing this story so much easier, knowing that I have people who like it.
"Partly. And after Rhodey. You and I both had a James by our side through everything. I wanted our daughter to have that as well"
“So you’re going to sacrifice yourself for these men? What about our kids, what if something happens to you?”
Maybe one day Tony would meet her, and hear that Steve had named her Maria, and it would show Tony he truly did love him still and they could work towards a better future.
"I didn't know about the trigger words. That's pretty shitty" was what Tony decided to say, and Steve couldn't help but chuckle humorlessly. He knew Tony wouldn't just forgive Bucky, possibly not ever, but maybe he could understand.
. As they walked by, Happy tried to look intimidating to Steve, sizing him up. Steve simply raised his eyebrows, and Happy moved on embarrassed.
"What? No, Pep I would never" how could she ever think that he would do that. Pepper was his second oldest friend, falling short behind Rhodey, how could she ever think that he would do that? Did she really think that low of him?
"Ready?" he nodded and waited for her to pass before following after her. But as she passed him, she stopped to hug his side. It was a little awkward considering they were both holding a child, but Steve wouldn't complain.
"The head or the heart" he answered without hesitation. It was basic military training, you go for the head or the heart straight on because it's a quick death.
"Steve, this could all go wrong. You have kids to think about now" Nat told him, trying to get him to see reason. And he was thinking about them. When wasn't he thinking of them? He was thinking about Maria's smile when she saw him first thing in the morning, and how James's eyes lit up when the tv would turn on. But those people who were being killed simply because they looked like him, probably had families of their own that they would never see again. And Steve Rogers never stayed down, and he never let others fight his battles. This was the one reason he hated being a father; the amount of danger he put them in from being who he was, and also the fact that something could happen to him and they would grow up without a father. But he couldn't just let other kids loose their own fathers simply because he wanted to be selfish and stay with hidden.
Picking himself up off the floor he went to see what his rugrats were doing, and despite his mood couldn't help but smile as he saw them passed out on the floor, cuddled together. Picking them both up he cuddled them to his chest as he brought them to their room. He admired them as he walked; they really were the most precious things to Steve. They made everything ok.
exhaling slowly he let up on his grip, and winced a little at the finger indents left on the front cover of The Cat In The Hat.
"Steve?" he finally spoke, whispering to try and give them some privacy which was hard considering everyone could still see each other thanks to the giant window in the wall.
Tony hung up and threw the phone across the room, watching it hit one of his suits and bounce to the floor. He had a kid. Them. Steve had said them, meaning more then one. He had kids and he didn't know about them. He had kids that were almost a year old, and Steve didn't tell him. His vision got blurrier around the edges and it felt like his chest was being squeezed.
"Oh my god, you did it baby boy! You took your first steps!" Steve picked up James and kissed his cheek, and James clapped his hands together, like he was applauding himself.
"Wanda you listen to me" he was using his Captain voice that demanded the person listen. "You and Bucky are two of the greatest people I know. These kids will be lucky to have you guys in their lives. Never, ever doubt yourself again" Wanda looked at him in disbelief, eyes still watery but no longer crying.
"Hey Tony" Steve managed to stutter out, immediately diverting his eyes to focus on his chest which turned out to be a worse decision then if he continued to look in his eyes. He couldn't see the reactor under the suit, but that didn't stop the thoughts.
"Why did I ever think I could do this?" he whispered defeated. Tony was quick to put a hand on his shoulder, bringing the attention back to him.
"Did you make dada another pretty picture?" Steve cooed at Maria who proudly sat in a mess of yellow paint. There was more paint on her then on the paper, but still Steve would keep it on the fridge like he did with all her others. Thankfully the paint was easy to clean off the wooden floors. Even if it wasn't Steve would still let her paint on the floors. Both kids have Steve wrapped around their little fingers.
"How are you feeling this morning Steve?" the same doctor from before, Adia was her name, asked as she applied gel to Steve's growing stomach. He was five months pregnant now, and in complete awe of his stomach. Of course, sleeping was getting harder because there were only so many positions that were comfortable now, but every morning when he woke up and saw his stomach it made everything worth it. He couldn't remember how he once didn't want the baby, because now the baby wasn't even here yet and Steve was so in love.
"Honestly, I don't know. I wouldn't blame you if you did. But I think I'm more concerned of Ross somehow being able to do so" Maria grabbed a block from James pile, and examined it in her hands. Maybe she just wanted to play with the blocks for once.
"We would love too if you have the room" Rhodey answered instead of Tony, and Tony shot him a thankful smile over being saved. The way they acted together was exactly like how Steve and Bucky used to be, which brought what Nat said to him back into his mind.
"Children please, the poor man can't understand all of you" T'Challa laughed, trying to get them to calm down. But the king was no match for a bunch of cake starved people.
“They are killing innocent men when they realize it isn’t me” Steve protested, and Tony’s grip tightened.
"Sure" he lead the way to a table, surprisingly walking well while holding a baby and a plate of cake, and Steve followed behind him. They sat at a table near the back, where people would hopefully get the hint to give them so privacy.
"Wait for him to come to you. He could be waiting for the right moment. Remember, this was all just sprung on him two weeks ago" Nat told him still holding Maria, and Steve nodded.
"I'm here" his voice was strained, and Steve imagined he had either been yelling or crying before this phone call. Maybe a bit of both.
"I. Fine" Steve wasn't speaking proper English, he couldn't get his breaths out evenly. He couldn't do this.
Tony Stark waking up without being told to?” Steve hid how happy he felt over Tony actually waking up to help, with sarcasm.
"Nothing, my hallway curved and connected to Nomad's hallway, so Nomad it's me behind you don't attack" Shit, he could faintly hear Nat's footsteps, getting closer after every second. His phone buzzed again.
“So what did you mean by the distraction comment?” Steve ran a hand through his hair, as he thought about how to answer, before saying
“Mr. Rogers, I understand you were married to Mr. Stark” Steve couldn’t hold back his flinch at the ‘were’ “I have to ask. During intercourse were you the top or the bottom?” Steve felt his face flush, and he knew without looking into a mirror he probably resembled a tomato. Many assumed that Tony would be the bottom because of the size difference, but truth was he was not. Tony couldn't handle not being in control at all times after Afghanistan, and Steve needed to give up control. For them it just made sense for Tony to top and Steve to bottom.
"Now, it's been a rollercoaster of a day for both of us. I say we get some sleep, I have a feeling these brats are up at the crack of dawn, like someone I know" Tony glared at him teasingly, Steve rolling his eyes in response.
"Of course he did, have you seen the outfit you put him in?" Bucky walked over teasing, but Steve could see how tense he was, and his eyes kept flickering to Tony's side of the room. It was like he was waiting to be attacked. Bucky looked the best out of everyone; while everyone changed their looks to loose their identity, he changed to find his identity. Physically he didn't look much different. He got a new arm that Shuri made him out of vibranium, but that was really the only physical change. It was the aura around him that had changed; it was happy, and carefree and it was like the old Bucky.
"Yet you don't deny there being a best friend contract?" Nat asked arching a brow joining in on their teasing.
It hadn’t occurred to him that he offered to make one of Tony’s favourite breakfast meals, but Tony did. He could only watch in awe as Steve went around the kitchen, grabbing everything he would need to make the food. Tony never used to be one for breakfast, truthfully he wasn’t one for eating in general, but when Steve introduced him to breakfast sandwiches he was hooked. It was like a cheeseburger, but for the morning!
"So?" Wanda pressed leaning forward over the back of the couch, and Steve was worried she would fall. He had always felt a protective urge towards Wanda, and being pregnant only intensified that.
The second punch caused the light from the moon to shine into the room. He could see the green from Hulk's fist as it grabbed the hole and pulled down. Thor and Tony were standing beside him, Thor grabbing pieces to move out of the way as they fell.
"I'm so proud of you!" Steve looked up from James, and realized where he was standing. They were so close that if Steve slid his leg up a little more they would be touching. When he looked down, he wasn't surprised to see brown eyes already starring back. Swallowing, Steve spoke to the man he loved for the first time in person in two years.
“You ok? Did you want something else?” Steve asked, stopping when he saw the expression on Tony’s face.
“Bathroom is through that door. Pee on the stick and give it a few minutes. We’ll give you privacy” the doctor smiled, but it was almost pitying. Like she knew how Steve was feeling inside. Steve took the test without saying thank you, which must have really showed how he was feeling. Steve was always polite. He avoided looking at Bucky as he walked into the bathroom.
"-Did some research. To see if this was a one time thing, or if H.Y.D.R.A had taken out other people"
"Congratulations Steve! There's a little girl hiding in there!" well that didn't make any sense. How could a baby have two genders, that wasn't- oh
"Alright soldier, let's try it this was; what's the standard way to kill someone in battle?" Steve raised his eyebrows at her, not following but she looked at him with a stare that said answer the question.
"Steve is also right here" he raised his hand as if they couldn't see him. "What am I supposed to do, sit here quietly while guys who look like me get killed?" and everyone who knew Steve knew he wouldn't stay down. When he was smaller he never backed down from a fight, why was now any different, especially because he could actually hold his own now?
"You need to leave at anytime, you let me know" she whispered to him and he nodded before turning to face everyone else in the room.
“I’ve learned my lesson. Wanda sleeps in for as long as she wants, unless it’s after noon. That’s just ridiculous”
"You are a little monster" Steve told her bopping her nose as she pout at him for ruining her fun. The look reminded him of one that Tony would give when he would drag him out of the lab and force him to sleep. Two years had gone by and still he missed his ex husband. Not a day passed where he didn't think about the man. To many nights did he lay in bed with their kids, cell phone in hand ready to dial his number. But he never did.
Maria clapped her hands as Steve took the picture, before crawling away to bother James who was very concentrated on his castle. Sensing what was about to happen Steve instantly scooped up Maria knowing that the little devil would find it more fun to knock the blocks over.
"Welcome back Captain Rogers" he greeted, getting the others attention. Maria squealed when she saw him, and without greeting anyone he walked over to both her and James and lifted them off the floor giving them a papa bear hug. He took a deep breath of their hair, the smell of fruit shampoo relaxing him.
"Language" Tony sucked in a breath, as the running joke from the team registered and Steve knew he instantly messed up. It took him a few moments before he responded and the tone of his voice broke Steve a little more.
“Here you go buddy. Take slow bites” he spoke as if James could understand him, but James was to pleased to have the grilled cheese back to care about anything else. Looking over at Maria he laughed as he saw the ketchup smeared around her mouth.
“Damn it” Steve hissed, rubbing a hand over his face. He could hear Maria and James crying, not expecting the loud and scary noise, and Steve wanted to beat himself up. He was just messing everything up this morning. He walked over to them to try and calm them down, but they flinched away from him, and Steve felt his heart break.
“I’ll be right with you baby” Steve called over to her, setting James down on his change table to take care of his diaper.
The party went over fairly well. James had a temper tantrum once, everyone glared at one another, and Maria got cake everywhere but with all things considered the day was pretty good. They had done presents, where everyone argued jokingly over who had gotten the best present. Between new paints, blocks, clothes, stuffed animals, a box collection of every episode of Dora (Shuri had a shit eating grin on her face as that one was unwrapped, everyone knowing how much Steve despised the show. Best present his ass) the kids would never be bored. Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy even got them some baby books. The only one who hadn't brought a present was Tony himself, which upset Steve, but he wasn't mad. He didn't want to be mad anymore. It was exhausting. T'Challa cleared his throat, which gained everyone's attention.
"Bucky, you and Sam can take the stuff back to the house, Wanda and Vision you take the kids, no broom closet, Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy I'll show you guys around to buy these two some time while they talk" Nat told everyone. No one disagreed with her plan, even if some wanted to. Like Steve for example. But he knew this was inevitable, he had to talk to Tony eventually. It's just, without anyone here, there was no one to hold the other back. Wanda walked over to Steve to pick up Maria, Vision following behind to grab James. Despite being robotic, he was actually pretty good with kids.
"I could have stayed home and caught up on some research" Bruce grumbled, taking a seat on a rock, crossing his arms like a child who had been placed in timeout. Of course by research he meant trying to dig up more dirt on what happened that day at the apartment. As much as Bruce didn't like turning into the hulk, he liked being useless even less.
"I don't want you to take full responsibility, or try and apologize and make me feel like I'm innocent in everything. I get it, I'm not. I've said my apologies and I mean them. However, I'm not the bad guy in this situation, because there isn't a bad guy. We fought for what we believed in, but I am asking you, do you feel sorry about anything?" as painful as this was, he understood this was necessary. He couldn't continue shouldering all the blame, he could never truly heal and move forward in life if he didn't get some form of Tony showing he regretted his actions.
Everyone had been fully supportive of him, all wanting to be there for him. Sam was thrilled to be an uncle, he wanted to also be god father but that was an argument for another time. Wanda was excited to have a baby around because that would be someone who would never have experienced what her powers were like before she got control of them so they wouldn't look at her with fear. Nat was a secret baby lover and she was already an aunt, so her family that she had found was continuing to grow. She'd never be alone again. And Bucky, while Bucky was nervous about having a rugrat around him while he was still mentally unstable he was so happy for the punk everyone had once said would never get laid.
"Nomad is right, I see nothing from up here" Thor jumped to his defence. Out of everyone Thor had seemed to warm up to him the fastest. Perhaps it was because he had seen soldiers fallen in battle countless times from the Asgardian wars, that he was used to brothers in arms dying.
"What? What is it?" please don't let anything be wrong with the baby, please let him or her be ok. But then Adia broke out into an even bigger smile then before as she looked down at him.
Tony sat in the common room a glass of something strong in hand. Pathetic right? Almost a year since everything took place and he was still drinking, because that was the only way to make the pain stop for a little bit. He couldn't sleep in the bedroom anymore. To many memories. To be honest there wasn't many places he could go without thinking about everyone. Especially Steve. Tony wanted to move, and sell the tower but he couldn't bring himself to do it. Then he would have nothing of Steve's.
"Nothing we can do. Keep taking out the bases we know of, but really that's it. There's too many H.Y.D.R.A members to ever get rid of them all" Bucky pointed out, and wasn't that the worst part of all of this. That no matter how many bases they took out, more kept popping up. It was like the greek mythology creature; kill one head, two more grow back.
"Twins. Apparently the girl was hiding, which is why it took so long to find her" he handed the photo over to Sam who smiled as he looked at it.
"The world is not ready for more than one Stark" Rhodey voiced what Steve was thinking, and Tony mock glared at him.
"You can make jokes about it. I know, it looks like a cotton candy monster threw up in here" Steve laughed, putting their daughter into her crib, Tony copying with their son. It felt nice, doing it like this.
"Love? You think he loves me? He took the side of a killer over the side of his husband! He drove his shield into my reactor which would have killed me!" Tony roared, the first time he's ever shouted at Pepper and instantly regretted it. She was the most wonderful woman in the world and he had raised his voice. Maybe now she'd leave him, just like everyone else.
"I don't know what to do now. I want you to be a part of their lives, you all deserve that. But you can't take them out into public without them becoming exposed, and it would only be a matter of time before the government finds out about them, or enemies. No one outside of Wakanda knows about them"
"That's it" Natasha slammed her palms on the table and Steve isn't ashamed to admit it terrified him seeing her like this. "I get it, this isn't the ideal situation for you, but enough is enough. Now sit there and eat your damn pasta or I will shove the whole bowl down your throat" Natasha's green eyes were narrowed and it reminded him of the hulk. Like she was about to release her own hulk on him. He didn't know which one would be scarier. He glared at her using his captain eyes, but she didn't back down. Slowly, Steve felt his glare breaking and his eyes started to mist.
"Shit" Steve said, putting the phone down and dropping the now useless knife as he rushed to James who looked ready to strangle his sister.
Holy cow guys I'm so sorry for the wait. Thanks to everyone who commented asking when the next chapter was going to be, it really helped motivate me to get it done.
“Don’t get used to this. These babies will not change me. I’m still going to sleep till noon everyday” but even as Tony said this, Steve, and probably Tony himself, knew it was a lie. The impact their kids were already having on him was noticeable.
"Oh shit, no. Maria, you shouldn't" Tony looked at Steve helpless, and Steve laughed. Now he understood what everyone had seen on his face when they were first born. He thought they were exaggerating the panicked dad look, but he now realized it was actually a thing. And he could finally understand their laughter every time they saw it.
"Steve you've got to eat" Natasha gently told him, pushing a bowl of pasta towards him. It had been three days since the confirmed pregnancy and Steve felt like a zombie. He didn't want to eat, his sleep was still non existent, and he stopped talking to everyone. It was exactly the same way he felt after he first woke up from the ice. The others had all tried to help him, but he didn't want it. He didn't need them to help with this parasite growing inside of him. It was just a reminder of what he couldn't have; a loving family with his husband.
"At least we have character, unlike you boring people" and this was so the Steve and Tony from before the accords, but it still felt natural. Like they had never missed a beat between the two of them. Steve couldn't help it, he just starred at Tony until Tony felt his gaze and saw Steve looking at him like he did years ago. And Tony panicked. Steve sensed the change, and how he must have over stepped his boundaries, but it was so hard because he just got lost in it all. He'd always get lost in Tony. He dropped his gaze, to his plate and poked at his cake, no longer interested. James huffed in annoyance, and Steve got the hint to keep feeding him.
“Hello my handsome boy” Steve nuzzled into his neck, his beard tickling James, causing the boy to let out giggles. Maria whined when she saw the attention her daddy was giving her brother, not yet used to Tony also being her caretaker.
So really, it wasn't that big of a shock that this would be the way closer to his teammates. It had been a week after he spoke to Matt, and everyday he had walked with a pep in his step, and a smile hidden underneath his stoic face when he was around H.Y.D.R.A. Of course he mentally yelled at himself; a week ago an innocent lady was killed, but he couldn't help it. It was sick and wrong of him, but he was so excited to finally have some form of hope.
"Gunshot wound to the head. But he was roughed up a bit. Broken ribs, sprained wrist among other cuts and bruises" T'Challa explained using the same tone as Nat. Ok, so she wasn't the only one who saw something with this man. But what could it be? Looking at the picture it was impossible to piece together something without anymore details.
and then he dragged them all out, where they actually got to know each other, and Steve was able to apologize for what he had said when he was under the sceptres influence.
"Sorry we're late. James didn't want to get dressed" his voice only broke once as he spoke, and he considered that a win.
"Are you two ok?" Steve asked, looking at Clint and Nat who were showing a moment of emotions, even though it was against their spy code, by hugging each other.
"I can do it. When I'm done eating" he said seriously from where he was sitting, and Nat leaned back in her chair satisfied.
"And what mistakes are you talking about? The creation of Ultron? That's one of the reasons you went along with this right? You built something that blew up in your face, and you think we all have to pay for it" Tony looked at him like he couldn't believe he had just said that, and Steve knew it was a low blow that he almost wished he could take back. He knew how much Tony blamed himself for Sokovia, and he did have the best intentions when it came to building the robotic nightmare.
"F.R.I.D.A.Y call Pepper. Call Pepper now" he ordered, and that was good. Pepper would know what to do, she always did. Pepper would help him.
As they approached the palace doors, the guards nodding at them as they passed, they were suddenly halted by a panting Sam. Sam still relatively looked the same from two years ago, the only difference being he had grown out his facial hair.
Steve sat crumpled on the floor, head in his hands tugging at his hair. If Tony had ignored him or blew up at him, he said he'd be fine. That at least he could say he tried to get a connection with him again, but now Steve realizes he is a fool. Because he'd never be able to just brush off Tony, and Tony hanging up on him cut pretty deep.
He was supposed to be better than this; salvation for those lesser than him. He would wonder when he became God instead of human, instead of hero, but he knows the answer well enough already. When he was selfish enough to sacrifice an entire earth to keep Steve alive, he knew he’d already lost every right to stand beside his team. What good was a hero who would trade billions of lives, just to save one?
is most certainly not a visual Steve needs, nor will he allow himself. Tony has no right to him or his body, not with what he’s done.
Clearly they made the mistake of looking outward, if the emergence of the Time Gem in the palm of his hand is any indication.
Waiting for him, out of place. There is no siren call of a grandiose party, no drink in his hand. He is sitting, patient as ever, eyes drawn to the horizon beyond the windows. Steve is… out of his depth. He’s lived this scene over and over again, has all the variations memorized by heart; this is unscripted, and he is suddenly unsteady once more.
he looks startled for a moment, hand drawing up to wipe away the blood painted on his lips. A sense of calm seems to settle over him, regarding the red streaks on his hand with mild intrigue.
He wins the fight, but can’t deliver the killing blow. Tony laughs and laughs beneath him, blood in his mouth.
“I figured you’d show up again soon enough, though,” he sighs, melodramatic as always. He sets the glass on the bartop, looking perfectly at ease while stepping into Steve’s space. It’s a stupid decision, Steve thinks, considering it’s taking all of his restraint to keep from finishing the fight he began previously.
His fist smashing against Tony’s cheek is what brings him back to himself, anger flaring to life beneath his ribcage and turning his heart molten once more. He’ll drown Tony alive, if he has to. If that is what it takes to temper the grief that threatens to swallow him, then so be it.
“...For the record,” Steve says after a moment of quiet, lightly brushing his nose against Tony’s, “you’re a danger to my self-control, too.” Tony laughs, soft and breathless; Steve can’t help but smile in return.
“I know,” he says, resigned, “I know I did, Tony. I know that we hurt each other, beyond repair. But I never stopped being selfish. I never stopped wanting to be yours.
In hindsight, Steve will think later, he should have known Tony would manage to goad him into fighting. They’ve always known each other too well, known how to drive the knife in and
The humming changes tune, lilting notes of curiosity. Why does he understand the inflection of a simple song?
He has loved and lost this man twofold, and now he’s faced with an unending cycle of allowing Tony to tear into him, over and over again. The entire world is at stake, and Steve can’t move beyond the pain inflicted on him alone.
Steve is determined to stand his ground until a gleaming silver liquid pools around Tony, coating his skin in a near elegant display of power. It takes Steve a moment to realize that
“I think it’s a good look for you,” Tony continues, now that he doesn’t have to concern himself with Steve interrupting. The metal around his throat eases just the tiniest amount as Tony brushes his hand against Steve’s cheek, almost
“No, of course not,” Tony says amicably, letting the door shut behind him as he steps forward to Steve’s side. It muffles the sound of the party near entirely, effectively leaving Steve and Tony isolated in their own world. Even with the wild thoughts running through his head, there’s still a warm contentment that settles in his chest at having Tony so close again.
The teen had days where everything was fine. No panic attacks, no minor freak-outs, no crying, no bad thoughts. On those good days, Peter was sociable, he would sit with everyone and talk, play games.
As Tony suspected, Clint would probably be the one to barge into the living room and be as loud as possible. “I’M BACK!” Clint yelled as he walked in. Natasha had walked in slightly before him.
Tony sighed, put his arms under mine and hauled me up on my shaking legs, and pulled me closer. “Don’t say that Peter. It’s going to be okay. We can set up an appointment with a therapist, or I’m sure Rhodey or Sam will help you out.”
Peter nodded. Rhodey handed the teen some chocolate. “Just a little trick I picked up. It’ll make you feel a little better,” Rhodey said. Peter took a small bite. He already started feeling a little better. His cheeks had dry tear streaks down them. His eyes were red and puffy from crying. His whole body was still shaking hard.
Peter shoved a bite in his mouth, trying not to let his nausea get the best of him. It was then he realized the concerned look he got from Tony. He smiled, food still in his mouth. “Thish ish gooood,” Peter said with his mouth full, the teen tried his hardest to fake a good mood.
Thor didn’t know Peter all that well, but when the god of thunder was on earth, the two got along very well.
“W-what happened?” Peter asked softly. His head still hurt but it wasn’t debilitating like before. He was still sensitive to light.
“You’re back,” was the only reply they got out of the teen before he threw himself into Tony’s arms.
Peter didn’t sound so sure. They fell into a welcomed silence. The silence allowed his thoughts to come back. Before Peter could stop himself, he spoke. “Have you ever wondered what it would be like to just let go?”
Peter clenched his teeth, trying not to retaliate. Flash didn’t stop there though. “Stupid puny Parker has no family left.” Flash gave a bellowing laugh.
“You with us now, kiddo?” Steve said with a painfully concerned expression. Bruce was by his side in an instant, holding out a cup of water. Peter took it gratefully and sipped at it.
Queens police were called and May was arrested. Everything would be settled out in the morning. Bruce, who followed Tony, ran in. He knelt down to Peter, grabbed out a syringe and then all was silent.
“Okay. Come on,” Steve said. The two of them headed to the lounge room. Peter sat snugly in between Tony and Bruce. Steve was on the other side of Tony. Clint and Natasha were on the other couch. Sam in the recliner and Rhodey was sitting on the other end of the couch Clint and Natasha were on.
“Yes, Ned. I’m fine,” Peter said. Gym class continued without trouble. Soon the class was over. Peter changed out of his gym clothes and went to lunch. He skipped lunch, not feeling hungry.
Tony felt arms wrap around his middle. A kiss was placed gently on the side of his neck. He couldn’t help the small smile that played on his lips. “Hello to you too hun.”
“Peter, I think that Tony might be right. There are things they know they we don’t. She will have a lot easier time helping you than us. We’re just worried buddy,” Bruce said. Peter whipped around to face him so fast, Tony thought the teen might get whiplash.
Peter waited. As soon as Tony got there, Peter got in the car, put his seat belt on, and began explaining.
“Just about stuff. Nothing in particular,” Tony lied. If Steve knew he was lying, he didn’t say anything.
“Peter? What is it bud?” Tony’s voice called over the phone. I was shaking so bad, I couldn’t find my voice. When I tried to talk it only came out as a small whimper. “Fuck, I’m on my way.”
Bruce let me leave the medbay, saying that the only reason I was there was that it was easier to keep an eye on me. Whatever Bruce had me on was strong enough to last even through my metabolism, though, there was still the slightly painful ache.
“You didn’t. We’re just worried возлюбленная,” Nat said. Peter gave his best attempt at a smile. He knew it was probably a failed attempt.
Peter’s senses screamed at him to move as a hand came down onto him. He refused to move. “You ungrateful BRAT!” Aunt May screamed. “I do everything for you! And this is how you repay me!?”
“You’ve disobeyed the rules long enough. We can’t help you anymore. You won't let us. So get the fuck out,” Tony said. Peter could do nothing but stare in pure horrified shock.
Peter threw his phone on the bedside table with an exasperated, angry sounding sigh. He was tired of feeling like crying all the time.
‘It’s been a rough few months. I’m nowhere near being close to what I was before all this happened. I’m never going to be there again. I’m always going to have mental issues. But, I know I don’t have to go through it alone. I’m always going to have someone. Whether that be Tony, Steve, Tasha, Clint, Bruce, Sam, or Rhodey. Sometimes it was a good thing, having all these people to care about you. But, sometimes it can be overwhelming.’
The aura in the air was much brighter than before we talked. The anger was gone, replaced by a pure, caring feel. “Hey...Tony…?”
“Peter...Peter wake up!” came a worried voice. Peter’s eyes snapped to open, fear evident in the wide, brown twin pools. Peter’s senses were still screaming at him to move, to leave the room, to do anything to get away from Tony. Peter sat there wide-eyed, shaking hard. He let loose a panicked, high pitched whine. He seemed to not know where he was. When Tony tried to place a hand on Peter’s shoulder, the teen began to panic more. Peter shrunk in on himself, closing off his emotions as he stared down at his hands like they were the most interesting thing on the planet.
Peter didn’t realize how much he was freaking out until Tony said that. He felt himself draw in a deep breath, taking away the almost faint feeling he had. Once they arrived at the compound Peter stormed up to his room. Tony followed him. Clint and Natasha gave them a concerned glance, which Tony just brushed it off.
“We just want to help you, kiddo,” Tony said, the desperate note in his voice becoming too much. I know that they just want to help and to be honest, I don’t even know why I’m so opposed to the idea.
“I’ll tell you what...you go to this first appointment, and if you really hate it, I won’t make you go. But Pete, you have to open up to us,” Tony said. I nodded.
Peter shrank away as May’s hand came at him. “It’s all your fault he’s gone!” She screamed. Peter could smell the alcohol on her breath.
I made my way to the kitchen, an array of smells assaulted my senses. Whatever Clint had made for dinner. The cologne that Tony was wearing along with whatever Steve was wearing. Tasha’s perfume. Whatever experiment Bruce was working on.
It was about 6 o’clock. Steve had started making dinner, while Clint set the table. Peter was still sleeping. Natasha was in the training room, Tony and Bruce were in the lab, and Bucky was still trapped under the sleeping teen. “Hey, Clint, go get Natasha. Bucky, try to wake Peter up. Friday?”
“A sedative,” Bruce said at Tony’s questioning glance. Tony nodded in affirmation and picked up Peter. They went back to the compound. The rest of the Avengers, were very worried when they saw Tony rush in with the limp teen in his hands. He assured them that he was alright. Then Peter was laid in a bed, covered up and left to rest.
/I just really kinda wanna die/. There was silence. ‘Oh no.’ I thought. “I said that out loud...didn’t I…?” I gave a nervous chuckle.
“Sounds good,” Peter said. Soon they were all settled, plates of pizza in hand, watching Star Wars. Then Peter’s phone rang. The teen hesitantly answered it.
Peter found himself still staring at the ceiling. His thoughts were too loud, making it almost impossible to be comfortable. Giving up on sleep, the teen got up and walked over to his desk. He began working on some of the homework that Ned had ever so graciously given him. And that’s what Peter spent the remainder of the night doing. If he couldn’t sleep, he had to at least be productive.
Peter woke up sometime later. Everyone was asleep, the teen was sprawled out on the couch, Natasha was on a blanket bed on the floor, Clint was too. Tony and Steve were cuddled up on the love seat. Bucky was asleep in the chair. Sam was at the end of the couch Peter was on, and Rhodey was on a bed of pillows right in front of the couch Peter was on.
Tony sighed. “I’m sorry Pete. I was just worried. You scare me sometimes. And I’ve already called you in for today because you’re about forty-five minutes late for school.”
I know that I can be replaced. Anyone can be replaced, well…not the Avengers...no one can replace them. I worry that if I make a mistake and it’s bad enough...or if they get tired of me...that I’ll lose everything. Tony and everyone else is constantly reassuring me about it. In my mind, I can’t help but think...one day...they’ll get tired of me and my emotions.
I was so nervous. I didn’t want to say anything against May, but I knew I needed to. despite all she put me through...I still love her. I felt a deep sense of dread in the pit of my stomach. I swallowed hard. My throat was beginning to close up as my time to speak came up.
Peter laid on his bed. Staring at the ceiling. There was a soft knock at the door before he could even answer Steve walked in. “What’s the purpose of knocking if you aren’t going to wait?”
THIS CHAPTER HAS A VERY DARK THEME. SUICIDE ATTEMPT IN THIS CHAPTER! READ AT YOUR OWN RISK! IF THIS TRIGGERS YOU, PLEASE DON'T READ!
“Me too.” Peter liked that Tony didn’t make him talk. They were both silent for a minute. “Wanna talk about it?” Tony asked, knowing that Peter wouldn’t unless he was given an invitation.
And that’s why they found themselves watching a disney movie, building forts, eating dinner, acting like kids. Peter fell asleep halfway through the movie, in between Tony and Steve. His head against Tony’s shoulder. No one had the heart to move him.
For the first time in forever, there was complete silence in the compound. Clint had turned the TV off and no one was talking until... “Wanna talk about it?” Tony asked the teen sitting beside him.
“Peter, stop.” Tony’s tone was harsh. “Stop doing that to yourself. There is nothing wrong with you. You were in a bad situation and none of that is your fault.”
They sat in silence for another few minutes before Peter spoke again, “It’s just…” The teen paused, “it’s hard sometimes. You know…?” Peter’s mood switched. He sounded somber. “It’s really, really hard to go through the motions of everyday life when everything is just falling apart.”
Peter put his hands up to his face, leaning over, elbows on his knees. His hands immediately went for his hair as he tugged almost angrily at it before speaking. “The thing is...I don’t /want/ to be here,” he whispered brokenly. “I’m tired of feeling this way…”
It was always the same nightmare that woke Peter up. Always the same one that kept him from sleeping. The same one over and over again. Peter groaned as he woke up, his body was protesting angrily and painfully against his movements. Sleeping that way on a couch and having a panic attack of that intensity was biting him in the butt.
I just feel stupid. Stupid about all my past mistakes and actions, stupid about all the negative thoughts I have, stupid about everything.
They laughed, joked, talked, had fun. Peter couldn’t help but try to let himself forget the events of the past few weeks. Although, he still couldn’t help the immense sadness and guilt he felt.
Natasha gave him a questioning look but nodded in agreement. Bruce followed Tony, who also beckoned for Steve to follow.
“Finally decided to show up for school?” Flash snapped. Peter ignored him, which in turn only made Flash angrier. Flash grabbed Peter’s shoulders, causing the tense teen to flinch.
Tony pecked Steve on the forehead and mumbled sleepily, “I love you.” Steve merely hummed in response, almost asleep.
I'm going to wrap it up in one last chapter. To be honest, I'm kind of running out of ideas and things to do.
Peter looked at Sam, then to Nat, finally to Tony. All three of them had very concerned looks on their faces. “Talk to us Pete,” Tony said softly. “Or we can just have Captain Spangles come in and make breakfast and we can put this aside for now.”
“-My metabolism even one missed meal can be dangerous. I know,” Peter interrupted, finally looking up to meet Tony’s eyes. He took note of how tired Tony looked. Peter wanted to explain, but no words came to his mind so, the teen looked back at his hands once again.
“Morning Pete,” She said softly. Peter took note, she was sober this morning. That was a good thing. “I made pancakes.”
Peter’s head was pounding when he came to. He opened his eyes slowly. Confused, the teen looked around. He was in the medbay for some reason. “You okay Pete…?” Came a soft gentle voice. Peter blinked as he slowly sat up.
‘Can’t breathe, can’t think, can’t move. Can’t breathe, can’t think, can’t move.’ I could feel my hands shaking. I could hear my breaths coming in wheezing pants. Then, instantly, nothing. A small prick in my arm. I felt nothing. I heard nothing. I saw nothing. I was welcomed to a deep black abyss. No longer feeling, hearing, seeing. Nothing.
Soon the tension in the room was lifted as everyone else came in, especially Clint. They decided to watch a movie to lift all the bad tension. Once the pizza got there, Peter grabbed one slice. He took one bite and realized how hungry he actually was. After that, Peter downed at least four other pieces. Their conversations were light-hearted. Peter, for once in a long time, felt almost happy.
“You can’t see him right now.” Tony hung up the phone. Peter was pale and shaking like a leaf. His breath was coming out in shaky pants.
“Peter it’s okay,” Tony reassured. But, Peter wasn’t listening. He was caught up in his own reality. Bruce rushed back in with another dose of the sedative. It wasn’t enough to knock Peter out, but enough to calm him. Tony gave Peter some breathing exercises to help.
No one missed the way he flinched when Tony spoke. No one missed the hesitation that crossed his features before he answered with a clear, “No.”
Finally, the end of the day neared, by then, Peter wanted to bang his head against a wall. It seemed as though the day was going by slow just to torture him. The teen watched the clock in his last class. The hour ticked by slowly. The bell finally rang. Peter was the first to leave the class for once. Flash still wasn’t giving him any shit, thankfully. Ned was talking his ear off as they walked to Peter’s locker. Peter gave a quick goodbye to Ned and left. Happy was there to pick him up.
Peter picked up his pencil again and began to write. ‘I’m stupid. I broke my promise again. I know that if I tell Tony or the others...that they’ll be mad at me. They’ll be upset that I relapsed again. If I tell them, I may as well dig my own grave. I keep breaking their promise...and I’m mad at myself for that…’
“I’m up, I’m up,” I tried to push through the pain as I got ready for school. As soon as I was done, I stumbled into the living room, the lights assaulted my eyes and stars exploded into my vision. I think I blacked out because when I opened them again I had two very worried looking superheroes in my face. I felt super dizzy. Steve and Tony were saying something but I couldn’t hear them, my ears were ringing. Awful and high-pitched. I could hear everything like it was all happening on a video and I had a speaker blasting into my ears.
“Mr. Barton and Mrs. Romanoff are training in the gym. Mr. Rhodes, Mr. Stark, and Mr. Rogers are talking in the kitchen. Mr. Barnes is watching a movie,” The AI responded thoughtfully.
“Pete...talk to us…,” Tony pleaded as he sat on the end of the bed. Peter looked at him. He took note of how this Tony didn’t have an angry look in his eyes. Only worry and grave concern.
“Because you only ever have that face when you’re overthinking,” Steve replied letting go. Tony turned around to face his boyfriend.
“Like...nevermind...I’m not making any sense..” Peter said with a frown. Bruce could tell he was shutting down again.
Peter’s anxiety was making him antsy. Peter’s lack of eating was causing him to be fatigued. It’s been almost six hours since he woke up to find all of the Avengers gone. He hoped they were okay. Peter wasn’t mad that they left on a mission without him, he was mad they didn’t tell him, that they left while he was asleep, even if they had to. ‘They could have woken me up’ Peter thought angrily to himself. Peter Parker didn’t have abandonment issues. Peter Parker couldn’t have abandonment issues.
“Peter Benjamin Parker, Where the HELL are you?” Aunt May’s shrill voice could be heard throughout the room. “I come home to find all your things gone, and the house a mess!?”
Peter woke up at around ten o’clock. He yawned and stretched, laying in bed for a little while longer before deciding to get out of bed. The teen walked slowly to the lounge room and plopped down on the couch. Tony sat beside him. Steve on the other side of him. No one else was in the room.
Peter let loose a heart-wrenching sob. Everyone watched as the teen broke down. Their eyes filled with sadness. Tony looked the worst of all. Peter was like a son to him. Tony sat on the other side of the bed, Peter practically flung himself onto Tony. He whispering ‘I’m sorry’ over and over again. Tony reassured him that he didn’t need to apologize, while subconsciously raking his fingers through the teen’s hair.
"I know baby girl, Daddy's changing the channel back" Steve assured her, but couldn't find himself to do it. He needed to hear what else the lady had to say.
kill you. You're a human being and you were angry. We've all felt that black out anger, when you can't focus. You can do a lot you don't mean in those situations. I know you wouldn't have meant it if you had killed me, just like I wouldn't have meant it if I had killed you, but with how angry you were, ya it wouldn't surprise me if you had" they sat in silence, neither knowing just what to say. He could see the wheels turning in Tony's head, like he was trying to work out if what Steve said made sense. Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime Tony sighed.
"Twins?" Steve was breathless as he looked at the screen. He could faintly see another blob behind the main one that he never would have noticed before, and it really was like his baby girl was hiding.
"How you feeling today punk?" Steve looked up from his sketch pad as Bucky entered the living room. Steve had stuck to drawing throughout his pregnancy and it helped keep him calm and happy when things got to be to much. He finished shading the flower petal he was working on before closing the book and facing Bucky.
"Tony, we'll be back in a bit. You gonna be ok?" Rhodey asked looking between the two of them and Tony waved his hand dismissively. Rhodey nodded and gave a sharp look at Steve that had so much meaning in it.
"So, when he said he'll talk to you guys later I'm guessing it wasn't to sit down and talk about his day" Tony crossed his arms across his chest and stared at them quizzically, as if he could get them to reveal any details about what was happening. Steve bent down to start picking up the kids toys so that he could carry them back to the cabin, and it would give him an excuse to ignore Tony.
"That's not what I asked. Did you think I would take them from you?" he so badly wanted to assure Tony that no he didn't think that about him, but that would be a lie and there were supposed to be no more of those.
“Tony, I’ve been dealing with H.Y.D.R.A since I was first given the serum. I can handle myself. Besides, if something goes wrong, I know I’ve got someone who won’t stop looking for me” he smiled, gently prying his wrist from Tony’s grip so that he could continue making breakfast.
"Widow, Hawkeye, Replacement you guys head inside. Thor and I will watch the outside and the air. Bruce, be ready to Hulk out if we need you to" Tony ordered, taking flight before anyone could agree or disagree. Thor quickly followed, flying in the opposite direction of Tony.
"You're right, he prefers to talk about the weather" Nat snapped back right away coming to help Steve with the toys. She winked at him when they made eye contact and he snorted. Nat's sass never failed.
"Yup. I don't know how many, but more then one" Tony needed a drink, which is why he grabbed the bottle of half drunk whiskey and started drinking it straight. "He never told me! How could he not tell me!" he finished the bottle in seconds, but he needed more.
"Ya, just make sure you don't accidentally poke her mouth with the fork. Accidentally did that once and she cried for ten minutes" what a terrible memory that was. It was one of Steve's first times feeding her with a fork, and they didn't have any clean rubber spoons so he used the forks he used and accidentally poked her. She screamed for ten minutes and Steve felt like the worst father in the world.
"Godfather?" Rhodey choked out, looking like he had just been electrocuted with how wide his eyes were and the way his mouth dangled open.
