hadn’t known. Tony never once hinted on it and never showed it. He was so well-adjusted and always looking at tomorrow that the very idea this man carried a long, heavy past on his shoulders was near impossible to fathom.
“Well boss, you’ve got a nine thirty with the board, then a press conference at eleven to address the cleanup from yesterday’s battle.”
here? Who is
Tony smiled. “If I wanted that life, I could’ve easily done that. I could’ve married Ty, or Sunset. We would’ve had a stable life. Not a happy one, but a comfortable one.”
Tony smiled, genuinely smiled, and Steve came to realize he hadn’t seen that smile in such a long time. Not a smile Tony meant. “It’s… a bit of a long story, old friend,” he said to the man. That unfamiliar accent still in his voice.
You love me
And now Tony, who Steve had thought to be a man born of the future, was actually a man of the past and nobody knew.
“Nothing worth noting artistic talent for. Listen to this, Holmes. The artist claims she worked hours upon hours on this piece, and yet there is nothing to show for it!”
, but I can’t let you down like this anymore. I’m sorry.”
My best work has always been
He really needed to lock those two up so they could work out their differences. Hopefully not in a violent way. Tony knows what both men are capable of and he’d really prefer his workshop to be intact, thanks.
Beside him, Sam coughed. “Even if you keep glaring at them like that, I don’t think you’re going to melt them with your mind.”
Seeing no obvious danger he carefully walked closer. He didn’t know what to make of the situation, but asking seemed like the first step. “Tony?”
For the first time in all the years, he’s been an Avenger, Steve pushed open the door to the library of the Tower. To his surprise, it was much cozier than he thought it would be. Rows and rows of bookshelves lined the room, filled with books of all shapes and sizes. A few large armchairs faced the inviting wooden fireplace that Steve could easily picture crackling and roaring on a cold winter’s day.
“I’ll go clean up. Enjoy the rest of your swim.”
Two lives
“It’s
Steve sighed, content.
Steve was present every day, bringing down a whirlwind of emotions with him as he planted himself on the couch with his sketchbook that he wouldn’t touch. He stared at the two men born in a previous century catch up as if time had never passed or had been considered a factor.
the man. Hugging this period wearing delusional man as if he had been an old friend.
Steve’s smile was blinding. “Thank you, Tony, that would be wonderful.”
. “You never change.”
Needless to say, Tony’s feelings have been in a constant loop of perpetual weirdness and turmoil. Yet, he was still surprised when he walked into the kitchen that morning.
, and looked far too panicked to be Tony’s imagination. “Is that - I’ve gone mad!”
Things are moving forward, slowly but surely  - points to everyone who was able to guess our friend Watson's true name ;)
The sound of the crashing waves faded away as Steve pulled Tony into another kiss, swallowing their laughter against his lips.
gone without that feeling?
“I know.”
Tony felt a twinge of guilt as Steve wrung his hands together, his mind whirling with what could’ve happened. He had been so caught up with the arrival and excitement of Watson that he’s been neglecting his other...teammate.
“Guess you’ll be eating double today then, Steve.”
It had only been two days and Tony had already walked into the kitchen only to immediately back out five times in order to avoid awkward conversations he
But more selfishly,
“But how are you still alive? And well...
"Did it get turned off, somehow?" Tony mumbled to himself. Steve was also awake and standing besides him, looking worried.
Captain America had been another ghost hunting Tony's childhood and teens. Howard Stark's eyes would beat a manic kind of glint as he talked about that national hero. He was obsessed. He'd talk about the rebirth, the shield he made for the supersoldier, the serum, and the day the man died in the crash like these were the most significant things to have happened in his life. It wasn't like he didn't love Tony. The boy knew his father loved him in his own way. Being a genius himself, he even appreciated the older man. But sometimes, it was almost like Captain America, that stupid lab experiment of a soldier was some sort of ideal. A model his father had in his mind of what makes a perfect man. Tony wished he'd stopped talking about him and ask about him instead. Literally anything. Like, how was your day, son? Or anything of this sort.
"Just give me..." Tony raised his hand, trying to compose himself, "give me a chance. I'm taking this to my workshop. Need some alone time. I'll figure it out by tomorrow. And if I can't, I'm out. Do whatever you want." Steve looked defeated.
Stark was looking at him with an uneasy expression.
He saw a lot of people there that evening. People who'd served with him. People Stark knew. Including some good looking young men and women. He looked around for Tony and then he saw something which made his heart do the most terrible jolt he'd ever experienced.
"Sir, Mr. Stone is here, for the sixth time this week."
"It's Loki, Cap. Yeah, we didn't see this coming. Don't know if he was before this all along. But he has the device now, and he's attacked. We've already sent Thor a message."
Tony cursed under his breath. Feeling a familiar tightness in his chest. He can't be having a panic attack, not now.
(See the end of the chapter for
They exchanged panicked looks. There was no arguing with Iron Man when his mind was set on something.
"Don't start with him, okay?" Howard's wife was warning him, "Be nice."
"I figure you don't like S.H.I.E.LD. agents," Steve bent his neck a little and smiled, "You don't have to, um... give me company. I won't tell Miss Potts."
Fury had left. Natasha and Clint, in terrible moods, were sharing notes on how much they hated Fury. Steve couldn't help but smile at their childlike annoyance. He was worried, too. The last he and Natasha had been on the mission, he'd almost died and Nat survived only because she was out of the building. He caught her eyes and smiled reassuringly. She wasn't buying it.
"Holy shit!" Tony let out. He hadn't been hallucinating. Captain America lookalike stated at him, puzzled. There was a hint of exasperation and dislike in those piercing, blue eyes.
"Well, fuck him." Tony snapped at the god.
"I'll talk to you. Only you." Loki smirked.
Tony's ears were blessed with the sexiest moan as he took him in his mouth. Steve gasped and thrashed before settling down.
But he was alive, Iron Man. Steve found himself chuckling as the man made a joke about getting kissed. Picturing the moment it might actually happen. Everything felt okay for a while.
Steve looked at him, puzzled.
It had been two hours since Tony had been gone. Thor and Natasha were giving Loki death glares and Bruce was monitoring Tony. There was a sudden change in Tony's heartbeat and then it became steady again. Bruce looked at the monitor, panicked.
"Howard... Oh, my, is it?" Her eyes stopped at Steve who smiled nervously.
'God I hate this man.' He told himself.
"Sir, you are right. This device is sending signals to something. Or someone, more precisely. I'm unable to trace anything else. " JARVIS spoke.
"She's not a spy, for heaven's sake." Pepper growled, "It's fine. I'll set her up with someone else. Meanwhile, would you be kind enough to give Simon here some company? He doesn't seem to be enjoying my party and it hurts my feelings."
"You should eat," Steve pointed to the sandwiches.
"What is it?" Thor turned, his sixth sense had been warning him about something for a while.
Steve huffed, "Well done, Iron man!"
"Hydra!" Steve felt frozen in his steps but raised his gun. "Hand it to me."
"And what do you want from the rest of us?" Steve said.
"I'm okay," he took a deep breath.
It wasn't the first time he'd put on the Captain America uniform and held the shield again. He'd done that while fighting Hydra. This time it felt more official. He sat inside the helicarrier with Banner, Natasha, and Thor. He kind of liked Bruce. There was a calm energy around that man despite the fact that his alter ego was an angry green being.
Tony looked comfortable here, like this is where he belonged. Away from him.
“Perhaps,” Tony agreed, “for all I know you could be a figment of my imagination and I’ve finally snapped, looking for familiarity in an old friend. If I were to pinch you, would you disappear?” As if to prove this theory Tony reached to the man. Index finger and thumb curling to each other.
Tony stilled at this, turning around to look fully up at him. “Well, it’s been a good ten years since we’ve all been in the same place. It’s been fun catching up. But I’m definitely ready to go home. What is this about?”
But I’d like to think that if there was such a thing
Tony stared at the figure, gaze never wavering. The ghost looked exactly like he remembered Watson to be. Same blue eyes, same pointed nose, same mustache, even the same damn top hat John had been so fond of. He held the same black cane in his hands, covered by one of his set of black gloves. There was no coat, but one of John’s favored grey vest stretched over his chest. The same one Tony had found to his liking all those years ago.
If I could wish it so
There was no punch, no kick, not even biting. Instead, Tony had wrapped his arms tightly around the man, and Steve held his breath as he waited for the man to strike back. Tony wasn’t fighting the intruder off. No, he was
“You might want to sit down for this.”
“You mean on a tropical island? I mean I won’t lie, it definitely makes me think we should fly out to Malibu more often-”
This year for my birthday
Watson hummed. “I couldn’t eat another bite, Old cock. Perhaps another time, yes?”
As dearly
Not pieces of a whole,
Tony stood on unsteady legs, needing to use a table to balance. Seeing this ghost, in the middle of his lab, had thrown him upside down. If it wasn’t aliens, Norse gods, supersoldiers, or radioactive, green rage monsters, it was ghosts of his past.
His arm around Tony’s shoulders as the two rekindled a friendship he thought they once had, torn apart at both ends with little thought. And now here Steve remained. Sat on a couch and left alone as Bucky traveled to find himself with Natasha and Tony caught up with his old friend Watson, and all Steve could do was watch and feel… out of place. Like he most often felt nowadays.
. This is
, Steve. There’s not much we
Sam scoffed into his drink. He was stretched out, drifting by on a massive popsicle floatie. He sipped his frozen margarita out of a giant squiggly straw. “Of course not. Every time you look at Tony, a double rainbow appears in the sky. An eagle gains his wings, angels start singing. No, you’re very clearly trying to shoot lasers into our host with your mind.”
By patience
“I love you.”
It was both wonderful and bittersweet, knowing that Watson would have to be sent back. The selfish, dark part inside of him just wanted to cling to his old friend and never let him go. The futurist inside of him, however, knew that no matter how happy he would be with Watson here, he could not allow the timeline to be meddled with. Watson had his own future with Mary, his own family to raise and his own career to work. Time had moved on and the 20th century was a whole new can of worms for Watson to adjust to.
When you smile
Together
“I’ll get FRIDAY to keep monitoring things,” Tony continued. “There was a large magnetic spike right before you arrived so she’ll notify us if she senses anything again. For now, it’s best we sit and wait.”
Steve stared at the sandwich on the plate in front of him. Slices of salami slotted between the cheese. Arugula, peppers and dijon mustard were neatly arranged between the lightly toasted pieces of rye. Transferring the sandwich to the silver tray, next to the glass of water,  Steve carefully balanced the tray, making his way to the elevator.
A warning beep sounded as Tony looked up in alarm. FRIDAY sounded the alarm. “Boss, there’s something wrong. Evacuate the workshop -”
Steve nodded. “Thanks, FRIDAY. Could you tell him I’m on my way?”
Steve’s hand shot out in instinct as he caught the rubber stress ball Tony had thrown. Tony shook his head fondly, throwing a glance over to Watson with a grin. “Both of you sit as still as well behaved toddlers. There’s always work to be done.”
Let us fight
They used to spend hours together in the workshop, Tony working away while Steve sketched in the corner. Not always interacting, but always comfortable in each other’s company, even if they didn’t speak for hours on end. He knew how Tony got when something got his attention. He didn’t mind. The quiet and calm atmosphere with the soft flickering sounds created by the holographic screens and the sparks from the torches were a refreshing scenery after days of adrenaline rushes and guns and explosions.
“Exactly. That’s going to hit him later. But, that’s why you have me. Sometimes I can be smart enough for the both of us.”
No matter how many universes
The man placed a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony didn’t pull away or flinched. If anything he actually seemed to lean into it. “Holmes is there someplace I can rest? I’ve no clue what I just experienced, but I feel I’ll fall any second.”
As if summoned, Tony glanced up at him with a startled frown. He got up as if to make his way over, but Steve shook his head with a grimace smile. With a wave, Steve left the pool area, pretending not to hear Tony calling after him.
Sorry about all the swearing. And the cliffhanger.
"So? "
(The other side)
Feel free to comment.
"We'll need our genius and resident scientist to decode the message." Fury looked from Bruce to Tony.
The genius didn't even want to look at him, while all Steve could see was Tony. It happened every time they were in the same room. Everything else faded away, and all he could feel was the man he love....
"I'm, uh..." Steve found himself unable to stop staring into those eyes. Everything stopped. But in a good way. Steve could hear Tony's heart beating as the genius stood mesmerized. Before he knew, he was leaning over to press his lips against Tony's who gasped but didn't pull away. The kiss was gentle at first. Tony was quick to reciprocate, almost as if he'd been waiting for this. He pulled away for a second and then pressed his lips forcefully against the Captain's. Their teeth clattering before the kisses grew deep and passionate. Their tongues dancing with each other. And then...
Steve stopped and bent to place a deep, lingering kiss on Tony's mouth which he devoured hungrily. He pushed his tongue into the brunette's mouth, who moaned and jerked, pulling out.
"You know, about earlier," he looked up at the Captain, Thor had been right, he did look pale, "The things I said, no let me speak," he added hastily as Steve raised a hand to stop him, "I'm sorry. I think I've been stressed, overworked. We've all been, in one way or other." He let out a sigh and rubbed his forehead. Steve was looking at him, those blue eyes caressing his face.
Howard huffed and rolled his eyes. "Don't worry, honey. I'm in a great mood, today. I mean, look at our guest."
The skull that enclosed the device seemed to be made of some sort of metal. Inside, there was a round, glowing object, radiating orange light and a giving out a faint humming sound. The skull was somehow channeling and controlling the device. For what, they hadn't been able to find out.
"Yes, I'm fine," His voice was hoarse, "Give me a minute, please." He hurriedly walked away. Found the guests room and opened the door to the bathroom and looked himself in the mirror.
Thanks for reading so far.
"So I hear," Steve grinned at him, taking a sip of his coffee. He knew what his friend was trying to say.
"I don't give a damn. I'm leaving." Tony said through gritted teeth and left.
"Oh" Steve looked worried, "Do you have some sort of medication with you? You shouldn't be having this coffee."
What the fuck? He was startled at his own thoughts.
The team was very silent.
"You might be right, my friend," he finally spoke, "but... please let me speak (he added, as Natasha mumbled) it's Loki we're talking about. Whatever sob story he told you about wanting our mother back, there might be some truth in it, but it won't be without treachery and hidden agenda. You cannot trust him. And if you must take that step, which by the way, I don't recommend, you should be ready for 'anything's." Thor took a deep breath and turned away to help himself to a chair. There was something about having lost their leader that had broken the team's spirits. Even Thor wasn't immune to it.
And one more reason for being grateful for Steve was that through him he'd met Black Widow.
Clint was nodding with a smirk on his face.
Tony helped Steve out of his uniform and marveled in the beauty of the supersoldier's naked form. Slowly lowering himself to kiss just above Steve's nipple, causing the other man to sigh and moan. His mouth explored Steve's pecs as he worked his way down. Undoing his boxers as he got rid of his own clothes, he lowered himself to place hasty kisses on Steve's thighs. The soldier's hands running all over Tony's back.
"Very funny," Natasha said through a lopsided smile, "He's talking about Steve."
Tony let out a frustrated sound. He was failing at figuring out the device and Steve was further annoying him.
"Unclear. This is why I need you to decode the message." Fury started intensely into those dark eyes. "All we know so far is that it's dangerous."
"With whom?" Steve blurted out and this made Tony launch into a fit of drunken laughter. Steve looked at him nervously and smiled.
"Ah, Black Widow." Stark smirked, "This place is swarming with spies today. Great times."
"Oh, uh, we've met." Stark murmured.
"Oh. Nothing. Sometimes I just need to clear my head, so..."
Tony let out a gasp as he felt Steve's cock demanding entrance. The blond was slowly pushing into him, causing Tony to moan and whimper.
"Hey, blue eyes!" He almost let out a sob, "You okay? "
Natasha glanced from Tony to Steve and hummed.
Tony was glaring at the menace that hovered right in front of them. The flickering triangle, Tony believed, was some sort of portal, or a key to one. His memories of the last alien invasion he'd experienced were pulling him towards a panic attack. He composed himself before shouting instructions at JARVIS. He was going to beam that thing and stop it before it invited an army of aliens to earth. He put on the suit. Steve was saying something, but he didn't listen.
Steve and Watson didn’t respond. That was fine. Tony didn’t expect them to. He made his way out, needing air more than anything, and left the two men out of time alone. “FRI? Keep an eye on them. Make sure they don’t kill each other.”
Having his dear friend back was always mind-boggling, and Tony still had to pinch himself every time Watson replied to one of Tony’s absentminded mumblings with a question of his own. It had been a long time since he was used to having someone who could answer back to him that wasn’t his bots or FRIDAY, or willingly spend their time in his workshop. Watson had every right to his curiosity of the future, and a library was available at his disposal and will, yet most of his curiosity was sated in Tony’s very own safe space.
To play with the fire hydrant
”, in the long term, Steve choosing to stay in the tower with him while the rest of the team remained in the compound until negotiations were completed was the best thing moving forward. It allowed the two leaders of the Avengers to settle differences and issues. If they actually got around to hashing it out, that is.
Two souls
And again
different. Every conversation trailed off into an uncomfortable silence. Every passing touch, no matter how accidental, had Tony flinching. And that was what hurt the most, knowing he had caused so much damage that Tony was…
“Still scanning boss. There are levels of strange energy emitting in waves, but results remain inconclusive.”
Forged for us by fate
nothing
“You’re very passionate about this, Watson.”
Steve grinned back, the adrenaline of success coursing through his veins. It didn’t prevent feeling a chill in the air from behind him. He straightened his shoulders, waiting until Tony turned around before sparing a glance back. Watson was smiling back at him, but his eyes were narrowed. Cold. Eyes of a man who spotted an intruder in his territory.
(See the end of the chapter for
“-wait, you’re leaving? What about Tony?”
and I’ve had no knowledge about it until now. You being here has not altered any memories I carried of our time together that I’m aware of. Logically speaking, any positive or negative changes your visit might cause would’ve already be felt as we speak. So, either you were always meant to visit us Watson, and will eventually be returned back to your time with nothing amiss. Or, this is an unpredicted freak-accident that will eventually cause a storm of paradoxes that will result in all of mankind’s complete and utter destruction.”
Watson stroked his chin with a nod. “I see.”
Steve exhaled, hearing the words said out loud, settled the weight in his chest. He tightened his arms around Tony.
, Bucky had said. No matter how much they hoped or begged, nothing could give back the pieces of himself that Hydra ripped and destroyed.
We’re not soulmates
He didn’t care about the twisted feeling in his stomach every time he saw Ty or Sunset’s gaze never stray far away from Tony, from
Steve pulled him into a deep kiss, smiling as he felt Tony melt into it with a sigh. “Thank you. I’m sorry, for being dumb.”
As much as Tony appreciated Rhodey’s rants on having Steve stay with him until the rest of the Accord amendments go through,
expression, not this childish fabrication. Soon every citizen and their mother will sign themselves for exhibits and display this sham.”
choose
To say Steve had been shocked from the sight was putting it mildly. The lab was a mess, the blinking red lights signalled danger, and yet Tony thought the situation called for a hug.
Neither the man named or the intruder moved to respond. The closer he got the more easily he noticed
Hopefully you enjoyed that chapter - let us know what you think! Come chat with us on tumblr!
Let us stand
Yet, with all the strangeness came this wonderful feeling of
Tony continued tapping away at his tablet. “It could take a little while, but we’re making good progress! Now, Steve, how do things feel when you move your arm up?”
Steve looked down, surprised to see his hand bleeding. He had squeezed the bottle of beer in his hand so tightly, that it had cracked open, and he hadn’t even noticed. With a curse he got to his feet.
“Well that’s a little on the nose isn’t it?” Steve chuckled to himself. He should have thought of that himself in the first place.
“1889,” the man answered dutifully, confused by the question.
But you know I’m a selfish man,
Tony shook his head at them.
When you get a crossword answer wrong
“Tony?” he tried one more time. When Tony pulled away slightly from the embrace it encouraged him to further ask, “What’s going on here? Who is this?”
at him. Steve would take it as a victory. It could be a first of many in such a long time. “Thanks, Steve.”
Steve glanced around, scanning through the chaos of tools spread all over the workbench. Spotting the wrench, he reached out to grab it, only to meet another hand. Watson had been quicker and grabbed it in triumph. Steve could swear Watson gave him a smirk before he turned around to Tony. The picture of pure innocence. “Here you go,
“Yeah,” said Steve fondly. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
“Holmes, isn’t this man enhanced? Would it not be best to have tests on a variety in order to have better accuracy?” Watson innocently inquired. He had asked this madame FRIDAY for information on the fellow and was quite surprised to learn
“I value
Tony. Because of course they would, who wouldn’t when Tony shone so brilliantly, so brightly?
Tony blinked, turning to Steve in surprise, that new accent still in place. “That’s the gist of it. You seem to be accepting this rather easily.”
there. It is a white wall. No paintings. No sculptures. Only light.”
Steve clenched his jaw but went over to help Tony wrestle the coffee cup away from DUM-E. Like hell he was going to give up so easily. In one swift movement, he yanked the cup from both father and son without spilling a single drop of the hot drink. Tony looked impressed at the sight.
Steve’s hands clenched.
Nothing else in the world compares
“Tony? Tony!”
I wish
Hopefully you enjoyed that chapter - let us know what you think! Come chat with us on tumblr:
Tony’s face must’ve shown how confused he was, because Steve barrelled on. “I just- I never really did welcome him properly. I just thought that brunch might be- nice you know? He’s your friend and important to you, and I don’t know how long he’s staying - not that I want him gone or anything, because I don’t mind - I mean, not that I-I have a say, I - fuck, I’m ruining this-”
He knew the moment that Tony felt he was being pushed against the wall, he’d lash out. Tony would strike back just as harshly, if not harder. Words would be tossed around, cutting deep.
“Oh, Watson actually just got me some Steve, but thanks!” Tony gestured to his drink on the table. “Just set it over there. I’ll probably drink it later -
But two sides of an equation
To Steve’s complete shock, the man swatted Tony’s hand away in reflex. Scowl on his face as if they’d already gone through this exact scene, but instead of Tony retaliating, he actually looked
“If I may Captain,” interrupted FRIDAY, “if you describe to me what you are looking for, I will be able to help you locate what you are looking for.”
An outsider in his own home. Except… it hadn’t even felt like home in so long, even after returning. Nothing felt like it, even with a familiar roof over his head. There was something missing and it remained missing, no matter how much effort Steve put into searching for it.
Tony glanced at him, eyes softening as he scanned Steve’s face. “You’re not. But that’s okay. Come on, let’s go grab some dinner.”
Bucky cut off as he took a long breath. “I’m sorry, but I can’t pretend anymore. I’m not him, your Bucky. No matter how much you want me to be.”
“I wanted to learn more about Tony,” said Steve, uncomfortable in admitting it to the creation of the very man he’s trying to research, “and Doctor Watson as well. If the information is available.”
Far away
Like we always do
Tony didn’t want him to know and looked ready to defend his choice, but the man by the name of Watson reached out and touched his elbow gently. The results were instant. Tony relaxed, eyes going soft when he turned his gaze to the man and nodded.
Two loves
Some things were still the same. He still beelined for the coffee machine, yawning while he blearily scrolled through emails, waiting for his water to boil. After nearly burning his tongue, he trudged down either to meetings or down to his workshop.
The stunned silence that followed even caused Tony to join momentarily. “I’d like to believe it’s the first one.” He finished with a lighter tone.
Steve winced as he scrubbed at the open cuts on his hands, the sink staining red as the water swirled down the drain. A hand reached out to pull his hand away from the stream of water.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck. There was no avoiding his eyes now.“Steve. Talk to me.”
These days, that’s all Tony could ever hope for.
, and that was impossible.
“I can’t possibly, Holmes.”
“..nothing, it’s nothing.”
Steve straightened, his eyes flickering as Tony entered the kitchen. Steve’s mouth gaped for a moment before he cleared his throat, almost nervously collecting himself.
He had heard the phrase ‘killing someone with kindness,’ but he didn’t think it was meant literally.
Love me silently
Tony had sat them both down on the couch beside one another with a notable space in-between. Steve could feel the other man’s curious glances out of the corner of his eye. Steve smiled a tight smile before turning his attention back to Tony. The genius leaned atop the stool and began his explanation.
” he called a bit more desperately. He was ready to separate the two, to yank Tony away, until faint whispering became distinct and he listened in.
It seemed like something out of a science fiction novel, Steve thought blearily as Tony explained, and that was saying a lot considering Steve himself was the product of science fiction becoming reality. Tony had actually been born in the 1800s under the name Sherlock Holmes, and the man here sitting beside him was his friend and partner from back then, Dr. John Watson.
The stone pulsed a bright blue, engulfing the workshop and himself in bright light. A loud echo rang in his ears as he was thrown to the floor, and for one crazy moment, he swore he heard the shout of a very dear, but long gone, friend of his.
His shortsightedness had been his own downfall.
“Hm?” Holmes said without looking away at his work. “What do you see?”
Watson was truly a man out of time. He didn’t have 70 years worth of customs and views and rules to adapt to, he had
Please let me love you.
Why couldn’t that be Bucky with his arms around Steve’s shoulders? Or the other way around? Why couldn’t that be…
“Where did you want me, Holmes?” Watson made his way over to where Holmes stood beside a platform.
Watson eyed the monitor that the madame FRIDAY displayed for him in disbelief. “This is what the public now views as art?”
One desire
He grimaced as he stared at his empty mug. Old coffee stains caked on the bottom. He grabbed a new cup on his way to his trusty machine and poured the coffee grounds into it. Not bothering with measurement or common sense. While it brewed he waved his arms above the holographic table, thousands and thousands of emails staring back at him. Color-coded based on importance and many of them blinking red at him.
He frowned when Rogers waved at him with a pad of paper he coincidentally was sketching on. He had his chin raised, preening at the praise Holmes had given him. Watson resisted the urge to throw the paper over a fire.
Who was he trying to kid, everything
Steve shrugged helplessly. What else could he do but accept it? They’ve fought aliens, genetically enhanced humans, hell, he himself had experienced jumping time. He was two of the oddities listed. At least he and Tony were talking again. At least now they had a problem at hand they could both deal with
Tony watched in fascination as Steve took a deep breath. “I made breakfast for all of us.”
They both knew exactly what to say, how to hurt each other where it hurts the most. He had to remain calm, keep it civil. He was attempting to get the friendship between himself and Tony back. Not make it worse.
(then make up)
By some miracle, or Friday understanding her creator’s plight, the doors opened. Steve made his move, the order for Tony to back away on the tip of his tongue only for him to skid to a stop at what happened next.
“Not here, I’m afraid. It’s 2017. You’re currently outside of Britain. In land West of the sea.  I am not sure how, Watson, but it seems you’ve jumped ahead in time.”
Steve blinked, head turning back to Tony, considering what the man had asked. Watson was right. Even if Tony survived that long...
“I’m sorry to interrupt you Captain, but boss is requesting that if your offer to help is still standing, to please reconvene in the lab.”
The elevator doors opened. Steve straightened up, steeled himself as he mentally went over what to say to Friday to allow him in the lab. Halfway he nearly dropped the tray in his hands when he took in the disarray occuring inside. The entire lab was blinking red in warning. There was an intruder inside with Tony, holding a cane and looking around with rapid movements. The figure didn’t look friendly and Tony was alone and defenseless.
Steve raised an eyebrow in a challenge before turning back around to face Tony.
Tony clapped his hands together gleefully. An expression nearly forgotten. Steve felt a pang in his chest. It had been far too long since he had seen that look of childish wonder, of pure joy on Tony’s face. How could he not remember this?
Because every day with you is special
forward, and I can’t do that with you there.”
He didn’t have the time to let himself dwell on it anyways. There was too much work to be done, and time waited for no one, not even himself.
Love me wildly
Neither could Steve. He was still reeling from Tony’s explanation.
When we already have this?
Tony shifted in his arms to look up at him, tightening the blankets wrapped around them. The temperature on the beach was much cooler now, the waves crashing against the rocks spraying water into the air.  The sun had set hours ago, the sky awash with stars, twinkling brightly in the darkness.
That balance each other out
Steve stared at Tony in shock.
“I don’t see myself going anywhere.” The man with the hat shifted to look at Steve. “Who is this fellow here?”
“Do you think you’d be happier here?”
Steve had never seen this man before. What made him so special?
while you cook us breakfast
Steve swallowed tightly, ears burning as he wished the ground would swallow him whole. “Not really.”
Watson took a deep breath, letting out a slightly hysterical laugh. “A potential world-ending paradox. Why am I not surprised?” He shook his head fondly. “Then again, with you Holmes, I’ve long learned to expect the impossible. You always seem to attract it.”
“Hmm. Let me know if there’s anything interesting happening.”
(I should say)
Steve Rogers had, in fact, gone through a similar event to that of Holmes. Enhanced. Far from human. Possessing elements not carried by others.
“Isn’t it?” Bucky took a step forward. “I died the moment I fell off that train, Steve. Hydra took me apart piece by piece, tearing away at my mind until there was almost nothing left. They scooped me out and filled me up with someone else.”
No, no he couldn’t say that. He had no right. None of them did. Steve had kept secrets and Tony had kept his own and the team… the team hadn’t given much reason to place trust or confidence on Tony’s part. Steve could admit to that.
As much as you can
Tony nodded, still in a daze as his eyes flickered to Steve. “No, it doesn’t seem to be does it?”
Tony’s routine over the next few days was a strange one.
There is
“Of course, Captain Rogers. They are waiting for your arrival.”
In this galaxy and the next
Steve did as told. “Nothing. Feels the same.”
Steve exhaled sharply, “You know that’s not true -”
Steve watched from the corner of the workshop, sketchbook long forgotten on his lap as he stared at the two men. Watson waved his arms wildly in the air as the holograms whizzed around him. His hands playing no role in their movement and his eyes widened in awe and wonderment. Tony beamed beside him as he explained the various diagrams and pictures flashing by while he lazily twirled the holograms around them.
It was never about that.
Steve had meant it when he said Tony hadn’t seen his dark side yet. Steve himself hadn’t seen it either, but now that he had he wished it could be taken back.
It was much cozier than the modern space that Steve expected, and he could feel a twinge of guilt as that flitted across his mind. The more that Steve looked, the more he realized that there was much less he knew about Tony than he initially realized.
talent, Holmes. You have influence. Put a stop to this!”
“Tony!” Steve rushed forward, abandoning the plate and readying himself to break down the door. Tony didn’t respond, instead choosing to get closer to the intruder, no doubt ready to fight them off. Steve couldn’t let him do it alone!
And again
As he continued to watch the two men of a different century from the outside, he was left to wonder when exactly he had lost his home, and when, if ever, he was going to get it back.
But by hard work
Steve moved closer, positioning himself between the two men as he crossed his arms. “Now
You’ll fall in love with me.
“I need to do this for myself, by myself. Without you. You know if you need me, I’ll be there. I promise.” said Bucky, swinging his duffle bag over his shoulder. “For now...goodbye Steve.”
They were nothing like what Steve and Bucky were currently going through with each other, and Steve couldn’t help but think it unfair. Why couldn’t that be him?
He had to step back. Now was not the time to be pointing fingers about whose lies were worse, and who was hurt the most. But as he watched Tony continue to smile with bright eyes as he explained something while Watson listened to every word with the utmost focus and kind, caring eyes his own advice proved harder to do. Then, Watson wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders and gave a squeeze that radiated comfort and familiarity with nothing amiss. No hint of time having passed between the pair. A sight that once upon a time, would’ve been Steve and Bucky.
Hands cupped at his face. “But I never asked you to.”
How long had
And without another word, without another glance behind him, Bucky was gone.
Steve inhaled sharply, “Unless Tony doesn’t want me poking around, in which case-”
Hopefully you enjoyed that chapter - let us know what you think! Come chat with us on tumblr:
Tony followed his gaze. A bit surprised at the sight of Steve standing behind him. “Steve? What are you doing here?”
He had to admit. They were both pretty stubborn.
“Thanks, Steve, it smells delicious, but Watson already fixed me something,” Tony gave him an apologetic face. “It's been a long time since I had his bland cooking, but it’s very filling. I can hardly move. Maybe Watson will want it. Are you still hungry, Watson?”
They sat down and ate in silence. After that, Tony started telling him about whatever he'd discovered about the device, to Steve's surprise. He told him the skull was containing the radiation which was gamma but somehow shielded in a way that it was almost undetectable. The skull was manipulating the radiation for some purpose.
Hydra had been taken down. Fury was back from the shadows and Steve had forgiven Natasha. He hadn't heard from Stark but his friends told him how worried he'd been for him when he was out. Sometimes, they'd tease him about Tony and suggest he should call him. He'd blush and scold them. But secretly consider taking their advice. He never got around to doing that because he met Tony Stark sooner that he'd expected, but not in a way he'd liked.
"Reach out to me, punk," Bucky called. The sea, the boat fading into darkness. Pitch black dark. Only voices remained. And then he heard JARVIS.
"I'm fine, really. The past few hours have been stressful is all." Steve assured him, standing up. "Bruce, you should check on Stark and see if he's accidentally killed himself. He hadn't updated recently."
Banner told him he was on his way. They had yet to clean up and get dressed so they did that silently. Bruce arrived soon, Thor and Natasha were with him.
"Why? Can't SHIELD decode it?" Tony squinted at Fury.
"Unnhh, Tony," he moaned and Tony felt a surge of desire intensifying throughout his body. He started stroking himself with one hand as he worshipped Steve's cock hungrily. It didn't take long for the both of them to reach their orgasms. Both panting and gasping for breath. Steve's cum all over his lover's chest. He pulled the scientist up and placed a deep, but slow kiss on his mouth. Tony rested his head on Steve's head and they drifted off.
Their first time, and Tony's mood swings.
"I hope it's okay? Um... if you're not expecting someone." Stark sounded oddly polite.
"They really seem to prefer me, Cap. Guess they're not into men." Widow panted. She was being surrounded. Steve ducked just in time to avoid getting his skull pierced by a bullet. He ran to help Natasha.
He sighed, rubbing his temple.
Stark's dark eyes started right into his. A wave of surprise rising in them.
Every day when you tell me
And now Tony can’t even look him in the eyes. Steve couldn’t blame him for it. How could he blame anyone other than himself? It was a wonder that Tony even allowed them back.
Perhaps someone out there had granted him a boon, or perhaps he had truly lost it, but Tony was a man of opportunity. He always was a selfish man. So, he did the only thing he could do and took the only chance he might ever get again.
Steve.”
That when we meet again,
Steve closed his eyes. “I always want to give you the world, and this feels like it’s a world that I’ve never be able to give you like you deserve-”
“You’re absolutely right, Watson. The more results the better. Go on up there. I’ll set you up real quick.”
He spoke slowly and deliberately, each word striking Steve right in the gut, squeezing his chest and sucking all the oxygen out of the room. “I’m sorry. I know you were only doing what you believed was helping me, and that’s all you can really do. Every time I think of the past, of who I used to be, of all the things I’ve done, I feel like I’m drowning.” Bucky swallowed tightly, “and every time you look at me, I see you expecting, wanting,
Please, please
do. Those two are not things I’m touching without kid gloves and an understanding of how that space rock works. Although, from what I can tell, the stone activated on its own. Odds are good it will activate again and create the same tear for Watson to return through. Things should bounce back and fix itself. We can hope, anyway. In the meantime.”
Tony closed his eyes, rubbing his forehead with an even longer sigh. It had been 48 hours since Steve and company returned back to American soil, and even less since Steve elected the Tower as his residence, and already Tony had a thunderous headache pulsing behind his eyes. At least with yesterday’s battle they had something to focus on and getting the job done. But now… he didn't even want to think about it. Too much going on at once, and all from one man.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve couldn’t breathe. As if something heavy was pressed against his chest and wouldn’t let up.
Tony always had that ability to make people feel at ease. Unlike Steve, who sometimes wished he could shove his mouth in his foot to stop talking. Tony was always the best at putting people at ease.
His heart was pounding more than usual, and he clenched the tray tightly as he pressed the button with his hip.
Tony stared back at him, his brown eyes, warm and gentle, that Steve never failed to get lost in. “Have you ever stopped to think that if I really wanted that life, if I wanted someone to buy me expensive dinners, luxury yacht trips or designer watches, that I would do that for myself?”
Again
Tony eyed him intently, eyes hard and wary. He appeared to be debating with himself about what he was to say. His stance ready for either a fight or flight response. An unconscious move Steve had noted happen when face with an uncomfortable situation.
And sigh
“This is all honestly far from elementary. I don’t understand where
How could I ask for more,
Built by fitting together
He could also admit that Tony had returned the favor in full.
You know I don’t believe in a destiny
It that meant Tony dooming himself to awkward encounters for the rest of his life, then so be it. He had gone centuries through them. What's another century for old times sake? He could pretend. He had always been the master of denial.
Tony shook his head as he turned back to his armor. Thanks to the last battle, there were too many repairs to his suit and hardly any time at all.
And again
“Tony? Are you in the mood for some lunch? I brought you a plate.”
Tony gently but firmly grasped Steve’s right hand, tweezer already in the other as he slowly picked out the small bits of glass. “You don’t have to.”
Steve stood at the stove a ladle in hand as he poured pancake batter onto the sizzling pan. He nodded in satisfaction, tilting the pan so the batter coated the pan evenly. Tony cleared his throat. “What’s with the full table? Is Thor coming to visit?”
At the crack of dawn
“You know I can never resist that joke. Love you too.”
and before Steve could even move to pack his bags, Bucky shook his head. Steve startled and took a step back.
Something Watson’ hadn’t enjoyed lingering in when it came to sharing a flat in the past.
When they try to escape the workshop
His heart broke a little more when Tony moved to block the strange man. “Nobody of importance to you. Get out.”
hug - anyone in all the years he’d known him.
Sparks flew as the metal he was working on grew a hot, bright red. Tony turned off the welder with a sigh, tossing his mask and gloves onto the workbench. He eyed his mangled armor appraisingly. One repair down, only… fifty to go. Doable.
Let us fuck,
“No, you can go back. I- I don’t think I’d be very good company right now.”
With more strength than he had, Tony strode over, avoiding the deadly cane waving around in panic, ignoring the sounds of the lab doors opening, and wrapped his arms around the frantic man in an embrace.
You and I
Steve nearly lunged as he snatched it off the table. “Over here. I got it for you,
Tony chuckled, rubbing his hands together. “It’s only Tuesday so we were due for a potential catastrophic world ending event sooner or later. Now, let’s run some tests and see which disaster we’ve got shall we?” Panic suddenly crossed his eyes. “Before all that we need to focus on you, old friend. The medical field has advanced tremendously and I fear so has the diseases and viruses in order to keep up. I will not allow illnesses to be your downfall. FRI? Contact my doctor will you, dear? And write up a nondisclosure agreement. I’m not letting this get out.”
, and ghosts don't just stand in the middle of his workshop looking like John Watson, dressed to the nines in very familiar garbs straight from the 1800s and looking shell shocked.
He must have finally snapped mentally for he was sure, once he got his bearings, he was seeing
The glass door closed with a hiss, and Steve and Watson continued to remain still, apparently not noticing, nor seeming to care, that Tony left.
Steve closed his eyes as the elevator doors shut behind him.
You love me
Holmes barked out a laugh. “I can’t stop modern art, Watson. Art is expression, it’s from one’s heart and soul. If this is how they express themselves, who are we to prevent that?”
Surprise we're alive - slowly but surely right? Come chat with us on tumblr:
him?”
“I got you some coffee, Tony,” Steve said with a smile. The steam of the hot drink burning in forearms, but worth it to see Tony smile and sigh on content.
Bucky flexed his new arm, the metal glinting in the light. “I know there are fragments in here, bits and pieces of who I am, of who I once was. But if I’m going to move forward, to scrap and rebuild, I need to work on actually
“Actually, Steve’s already been helping me test the new polymers. No need to bother yourself, Watson.”
Steve hurried out of the library, glancing once more at the small book before deciding to tuck it into his back pocket. It was a start and he was taking it.
Love me far
How many lifetimes
“- experimental?” exclaimed Watson. “Was it voluntary on your part or-” Watson trailed off, narrowing his eyes. Steve felt his blood turn cold. He had seen the scars that littered Tony’s body, and knew that some were from Afghanistan, but he never considered, had never
To tell you one wish
Tony rubbed the back of his neck anxiously. “Ah, about that, Watson. Let’s just say any phases I’ve gone through in the past compares nothing to all of this. Perhaps it’s a good thing you’re already sitting.” He took a deep breath. “What year is it, Watson?”
With you by my side
It was better this way.
Without thinking, Tony stepped forward and placed a hand on Steve’s shoulders. “Thank you. He’ll appreciate it. I appreciate it, Steve. Thank you.”
Watson held his head high as he made his way over. The sight of Rogers narrowing his gaze at him was a victory in itself.
The memory of Tony uttering those words replayed in his mind. The sting of it fresh in his chest and it made him grit his teeth. Tony had the nerve to say it to his face when he himself was no different and kept the world in the dark about it. Fury and Natasha never showed any signs of the knowledge and if those two were in the dark along with the rest of the world odds were nobody, public or secret, knew.
"And that's not a problem?" Clint shouted, dodging. Loki somehow seemed to be protected from whatever they shot at him.
He didn't expect that moment Tony Stark would walk in, talking To Fury with his manic energy, his heart would flutter like a caged bird.
"Who says I'm scared of you," Steve was properly agitated now.
Pepper glared at him. When she said move on, she wasn't talking about moving on from her. Whatever they had was brief, good while it lasted, and ended gracefully. The relationship Tony had fallen into after her had been really toxic, and as rumours had it, even abusive. Though, Tony had never confided in her, oddly, but she had ears all around the place.
Sam and Clint were half listening to Tony and half trying to process his calm demeanor and oddly coherent speech. Sam sat close to Tony and put a hand on his shoulder, "Stark, we should go."
Steve didn't visit them again, but Tony had found out about his workshop from his father. He found the workshop easily. It was empty. He'd probably left. As he turned, he saw Steve standing behind him.
"Fun," Loki smirked, "and revenge, of course. You'll be surprised at what this bad girl can do. Basically, everything it puts it mind to. Or should we say, everything I put my mind to." Loki pointed the skill directly at Steve.
He was feeling better a few minutes later but hadn't recovered completely. Steve offered to take him home and Tony agreed. He didn't want to be alone.
"Threats." Ty chuckled, "You look so sexy when you do that. Honey, I'm back because I missed you." Suddenly, he was awfully close to Tony and he felt frozen, like he couldn't move an inch. Ty's fingers was in his hair, then moving down to his cheek, caressing a very small, almost undetectable scar.
Steve placed a kiss on Tony's forehead, "Yeah, me too."
Steve let out a gasp. Feeling unable to form words.
"I... uh... I know you can barely tolerate me," Steve bit his lip, "I didn't mean to be pushy, I don't know what got into m... " his words were drowned by Tony's mouth colliding with his. The genius placed a deep, demanding kiss on the Captain's mouth and pulled away, both startled. Steve cupped both of Tony's cheeks in his hands and let his lips lock Tony's. Slowly licking his lower lip. Tony's let out a moan and parted his lips, allowing Steve to slide his tongue inside. They deepened the kiss, out of breath. Steve found himself getting pushed on a couch and Tony straddled him. Their mouths devouring each other. Tony wraped his hands around Steve's neck and pulled himself closer, grinding himself against Steve in the process. Steve moaned into his mouth and wrapped his arms around Tony's waist.
"Maybe," Tony said, "Or maybe it's all in my head. Maybe you're not real. None of it is."
"There is an ambulance outside and SHIELD people," he whispered to Tony, "We need to take him to SHIELD facility so they can find out the... cause of death." Sam was barely holding himself together.
"I don't know," Bucky said softly, "I don't remember much. Just falling down, and then being on the boat with you. And I don't care." He turned to look at his friend. Steve smiled.
'Some attitude. And why am I acting like a teenage girl, gaping at what's -his-name... '
"Sir," JARVIS spoke, "You need to check on Captain Rogers."
Howard squinted at his son, "Forgive him, Rogers, he's been like this since he's arrived here. Been through some trauma."
In which Tony decides toxic boyfriends are not worth it. Steve is also going to get rid of Simon.
Steve Rogers also grew up under the shadow of someone who he thought was better than him. But that shadow wasn't a ghost. It was more of a guardian angel. Bucky had always been there, in ways a brother would be. As a sickly kid, he'd get into trouble and get bullied. After his mother, Bucky was pretty much how he'd survived his pre-serum life. He got his courage from that shadow. And then, one day, he was gone. The day he lost Bucky broke him in a way he was sure he'd never heal from. But courage isn't just standing up to our bullies. Sometimes, it takes more courage to stand up to our own fears, and to give chance to life, to allow new people into our hearts even while honoring those we've left behind.
Thor pulled a long face. Looking thoughtful. JARVIS's scans hadn't been successful in detecting anything. They decided to go back to the hellicarrier.
"I know what dead means, Wilson. But, it's Steve, for God's sake." His eyes stared pleadingly into Sam, hoping he'd understand that their loss was mutual.
His vitals were steady so far. After he'd been shot twice, the round object had completely disappeared, the skull empty now. Tony lay unconscious on the floor.
Steve looked at him with a strange expression, and then turned to face Thor, "Take Nat and see if you can make your brother tell the truth. Or we'll have no choice but to shut Hulk with him in the... "
"Should we ask Wakanda for help?" Steve glanced at Bruce, intentionally avoiding looking at Tony.
"Oh, of course, I forgot you're an artist." Stark genuinely sounded surprised at his own forgetfulness.
Tony spat, " Screw you! Do I look like a fool to you? Get the hell out of here or I'm ending this right here. I'm Iron man, you son of a bitch!"
"He," Natasha gasped, pointing at Loki, "he did it. It has something to do with the skull, right?" She sobbed. A tear running down her eyes.
"Yeah, whatever, Cap. You're lucky you have a genius as a bestfriend now. We're going to figure it all out. What?" He looked quizzically at Steve's nervous chuckle.
Steve had no idea why he was still standing there putting up with this man or why wouldn't Stark just walk away. He was more than relieved to see Natasha approaching them.
"Don't call me that," Tony snapped at him, "Why do you keep coming back? Do you have a death wish?"
"You're friends are lucky," Stark said.
"Steve hates Stark." Natasha explained.
Tony takes a tough decision. There are lots of unexpected reunions.
Tony was hurt, but that didn't scare him away from pursuing Steve. Everyone else had been more accepting of their relationship, which they had no intention of keeping secret. Bucky, Maria, Sarah, and even Peggy had been supportive. Howard hadn't talked to Steve and Tony ever since.
Pt. 2: Hail Hydra
It had been 36 hours since Loki's attack. Everything seems to have happened in a haze. Steve remembered being alerted by Sam's call, fighting Loki, almost getting shot by the skull thing... Almost? Steve thought that moment Loki was pointing that skull towards him and then fired at a spot close to Steve. He hadn't hit him, but that moment, there was something about those few seconds that felt odd to Steve. And even after that, up to this moment, he felt as if there was something wrong. Maybe, it was the stress and apprehension. Knowing that Loki could be planning something terrible. Stark's snarkiness. His uncontrollable feelings. That kiss. That marvelous kiss. That constant fatigue and sense of weightlessness. Yeah, he was probably just tired and overwhelmed.
"I knew you were a freak," Howard's eyes were burning with loathing, "This isn't what I'd wanted for you. And him," he glared at Steve, "I should've known what kind of wretched monster he is. Considering he lives with a grown ass man."
JARVIS alerted them both out of their sleep. Tony woke up with a start and started mumbling, unsure of what had happened.
Pt. 3: The Almost-Date
Tony gulped, feeling an unexplainable surge of anger, "Fuck you. That was a mistake?" He was breathing fast and it alarmed Steve.
"Thank you," Steve blushed, again.
"It's okay, Anthony," Steve said, slowly.
Steve was out of mortal danger but still unconscious. Sam had let slip it was his second close within a few months and when Tony had demanded further information, he'd refused to say anything.
"Steve, " Fury started into his eyes, "it was her mission."
It was so easy to befriend Steve. Sam wondered why'd he always pictured Captain America as some sort of 'Mr. Toxic Masculinity'. This guy was the most human kind of human Sam had ever met. He was like a unicorn made of Jell-O. Okay, maybe a bit of an exaggeration. But Sam was sure Steve was the kind of guy who cuddles with kittens and cries over romantic movies. He'd never buy the Mr. Stoic act even if Steve had ever bothered trying.
For Tony, Howard Stark had been a ghost. An empty shell of a father who had been there, but not the way Tony wanted him to be. Even after his death, his name, his legacy had haunted Tony. Then Afghanistan happened, and Tony found another path for himself. But that didn't make the problematic childhood go away. The pain of having a ghost for a father.
"Oh, sure. Um... this can wait," Steve glanced at his work. They walked slowly, with Howard telling him about the things that had happened after Steve had gone missing. They'd believed he'd died. He also had no idea how they all got here. They reached a beautiful cottage in a few minutes. A kind looking woman, Howard's wife answered the door.
At first, Tony looked puzzled. He probably thought that they'd decided to pull some sort of prank or even assign the role of Captain America to Simon due to his resemblance. Then, as Fury briefly explained that S.H.I.E.L.D. had discovered Steve Rogers, the real Captain America, frozen in an iceberg and had chosen to keep his identity secret, Tony's eyes, fixed at Steve's face, widened and gleamed with something strange.
"Whoever did that might try again." She breathed.
Though, he couldn't help but think of a certain brunette who really hated Captain America.
"Doesn't make sense," The captain said, "It looks like he wanted to get caught. Why'd he fly right into the trap with the one thing we've been dying to get our hands on?"
And Steve, he looked as if he'd stopped breathing. His face was very pale and expressionless.
And then Tony risked his life to close the portal. For a few minutes, Steve felt as if his world is ending. When Tony fell. He felt that familiar cold, darkness, and sense of being alone surround him. He was a spectre again. Floating all alone in the void that was the twenty first century.
Tony is totally not obsessed with Steve and Steve doesn't care about Tony at all. And it's not like Sam has a crush on Black Widow or anything.
Steve stared around. The sea was vast and blue. Where exactly they were he couldn't tell.
-----
"I want you, now," He told the brunette who moaned in response, nudging towards the bed.
He stopped to look at Tony's expressions. His mouth was opened in an 'o'.
"What's going on?" Steve panted, "Was it... Did you... "
"Nope." Tony whispered.
Steve couldn't help but fall his gaze at Tony's dishevelled form. He was in a tank top, unshaven, with those brown eyes exhausted and bloodshot. Trying to avoid his feeling wasn't as much of his forte as was expected from a supersoldier. He almost let out a sigh at the thought that he can't just reach out and run his fingers through the brunette's hair. Or caress those creases away from his forehead. He didn't realize that he'd actually let out a sigh which was noticed by a certain spy.
Steve falls prey to Loki's scheme.
"You know what," Tony whispered after a moment, "I could get used to this," he shifted against Steve, putting a hand through his shirt to place it on his bare chest.
They were looking at him like he'd gone mad.
The man pressed his lips together in a brief, emotionless smile.
"Come on, people. Thor, you've known people to come back to life," He looked at the Asgardian, "And what kind of Avengers we are if we don't give one of our own a chance?"
"Geez, you scared me," Tony gasped.
"Tony," He tried to feign a smile, trying to control an urge to punch his friend.
It was the worst day ever.
"Simon, Simon, Simon, you're delirious." Tony placed a finger on his lips, "Rest for now. I'll get the doctors." Tony strode out of the room, thinking about what Simon had said.
Few days later, Steve was ready to be discharged. Tony had reservations regarding Steve being on his own. But Sam said he was going to have Simon stay at his place for now.
"What's 'Cap'?" Steve laughed, "And 'bestfriend'? Y'sure? I had a feeling you didn't like me." Tony couldn't help but feel his heart getting clenched in his chest as he saw Steve laugh.
The party went well after that. Sam managed to dance with Natasha and Pepper had been able to find excuses to make Steve and Tony talk a couple more times.
The doors slid open and Steve entered, glancing around. It wasn't the first time he'd been inside the workshop.
Don't be shy with the comments. Criticism is okay.
"STEVE IS DEAD," he shouted, a tear escaping his eye, "YOU KILLED HIM, YOU SON OF A BITCH." This was it, Loki wasn't quick enough to see the repulsors being fired straight at his chest. He fell with a bang and his laughter filled the room. Even in anguish, the god was mocking Tony. And then he cried. Tony froze.
"Oh, um... " Steve sighed, "I'm sorry I made you uncomfortable."
"No, I don't want this," He told himself, "I'm just... alone." He almost sobbed. Pepper had given up on him since the party. And it had been three months now. She'd stopped talking to him. He'd even stood up Natasha and her friends the other day. Rhodes was busy and now Tiberius. He needed to get out of here. Out of this state. He decided to make a call.
"Oh, please," He shouted at the AI, "tell him to fuck the fuck off. I'm not his errand boy. I need my space and peace of mind to work on this."
After getting rid of him, he's shut himself into the workshop and avoided receiving any calls for the next few days. There was this overwhelming sense of distrust and confusion that was enveloping his heart. He needed time to heal.
"This thing isn't invincible. The god of mischief didn't think his plan through."
Steve sighed. These two, and Sam were had been the best thing in this century so far.
I'm so baaad. I hurt Steve again. Leave hate comments if you want to.
"Our good Captain..." Thor started.
Steve was startled by his own thoughts. No, he couldn't love Tony. That man loathed him. It was merely some weird sort of attraction, attachment, maybe. Steve felt a tight knot forming in his throat. He slowly stood up, telling them he needed some water and walked out of the room. The tiredness and dejection was so obvious in his voice that even Bruce looked up and stared at their team leader. His eyes settling at Tony who pressed his lips together, having noticed it too. Bruce was no fool. He'd spent enough time with Tony to know what was eating at his heart.
Steve didn't know what to do. His brain cells seemed to have started some sort of rebellion. If he thought he could handle this situation gracefully, he was mistaken. Tony was staring at him as if he was trying to burn him into ashes using his glare.
It was a lazy evening. They'd decided to order something and eat together at Sharon's apartment.
Tony blushed, which was a strange sight to see, "Your eyes?"
The Avengers were kind of like a new family to Tony. Though he'd never openly admit it. He invited everyone to come and stay at the tower. Soon, they were all living there. Clint, Natasha, Bruce, and well... even Steve. Steve had been really reluctant at first, but Natasha had her way of convincing people.
"Please tell me it's Rhodes," Tony sighed, he was missing his friend dearly.
"So, since now I knew what to look for," Tony was speaking rapidly, "I know we can make the device establish a connection with me, the way it did to Steve. I'll have 24 hours before it kills me. And I'll have to use that time to convince him to come back to life. Let's hope he's still not a stubborn bastard even in death." He looked around, "The catch. I don't know for sure if I'll be able to find him, and if I did, we'll be able to get back or not. So, we'll need to be one step ahead of Loki. I'll need to take, not just one of half, but whole device with me to the other side, whatever that is."
"Of course not. It'd be nice." Steve smiled gently. He didn't like this man but there was no reason to lash out. He was surprised that Natasha was inviting Stark to hang out with 'Simon', while he'd been told it was important to keep that cover.
"Move, please," Tony moaned. Steve started moving his finger, softly massaging his tight ring of muscles before entering another finger. Tony bit his lip, almost hurting himself. Steve was moving his fingers inside him, his mouth tasting Tony's abs.
He looked at her for a while, then turned to Fury, "Okay, I'm done here."
"Nothing." Tony rubbed his eyes, "Sorry, I just, I hate that man."
Tony still made sure to sit on the other corner of the sofa, avoiding looking at his not-ex. It didn't stop Steve savour his presence. His enhanced senses allowed him to feel the rise and fall of Tony's chest, his breath, his heartbeat. He was pretending to watch Star Trek with them and laugh at their banter. But all he cared about was the brunette who was probably wrestling with his dislike of the soldier. More involuntary sighs from Steve's part.
"Steve," his mother said, "You're stronger than it. You don't have to listen to it. Come to me." Her voice felt like it was coming from within him.
Let us meet again
So instead I’ll say
that there could’ve been something
Steve side-eyed Watson and felt elated when he noted the other glaring.
Sometimes, it felt as if Tony knew Steve even better than Steve knew himself. Considering those days, where so much had happened to them and so easily broken by it. Discovering exactly what he’s capable of when someone stands in his way.
To this I could say
Steve couldn’t help but glance over at them again. Tiberius Stone was all smiles, his teeth gleaming in the sun as he leaned in to show Tony something on his phone. Tony tapped the screen with a quirk of his lips, smiling as he sipped on his drink. He must’ve said something funny as their surrounding entourage burst out into laughter.
Steve frowned, his hands twitching. “There’s nothing we can do in the meantime?”
Tony had no idea what had gotten into the two soldiers, but the air was thick with tension and was really bringing down the mood. Working in such a hostile environment was really not a motivator.  Steve stood with his arms crossed while Watson squared off across from him, with his hands over his cane. To the outside world, it was a stare-off. To the two men, it was studying an enemy. To Tony, it was a nuisance.
Walking up and down the rows, Steve’s eyes scanned the books, waiting for something to jump out at him to help him in his research.
When you read the newspaper
Tony shook his head, tugging on Steve’s arm. “I beg to differ. This is going to be a party for two. Come on darling, let’s go back to the suite. They’ll bring us something nice.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah, thank you, Watson. Now, where did I put that tablet of mine -”
“It’s fine. Watson, it’s fine. You have not gone mad. You are not in any danger. Breathe, Watson. Breathe with me.”
Ever since Steve had chosen to return to the tower, things have been...tense to say the least.
Love me nearly
“What matters,” Tony continued, turning back to Watson. Left hand shaking slightly. “Is that somehow, you’ve managed to make your way to the
You and I
Tony continued. “This weekend has been fun, there’s no denying that. But normalcy...normalcy is underrated. I like going to the grocery store to pick out the vegetables that are on sale. I like that we go to Pepper and Nat’s every weekend where we debate for hours on what movie to watch. I like meeting up with our friends at Bruce and Helen’s for brunch to eat pancakes the size of my face because Sam and Bucky are weirdly competitive about it.”
Steve knows he can’t go back in time to change things, no matter how much he desperately wished he could. He just wished… that Tony would look at him again. Even if it was only to yell, to argue, anything was better than the wariness, the
A loud slurp from Steve’s other side had his head swiveling. Watson was all smiles as he enjoyed his coffee loudly from the corner. A cat having beaten the other feline in eating the canary.
“I know. But let me do this anyway.”
“Do the lights create shadows?”
Two men born of a different century. Two men out of time. Two men in exactly the same situation as himself and Bucky, and yet not. Two men who ended up with the better end of the deal.
Surprise, we're back! It's been a while, and we can't promise when we'll have the next chapter out, but we hope you enjoy this one!
, how
Let us laugh
“It is not restricted to you Captain Rogers,” Steve could be wrong, but he could swear there was a teasing tone to FRIDAY’s voice. “Give me a moment to scan please.”
Was this how Tony had coped? To feel the comfort of home while adapting as time moved on. Keep memories here and there as to never forget where he came from?
How had Tony done it? To look at tomorrow without missing yesterday or carrying regret? To look at a long lost friend with a smile and not show unspoken loss or longing? To return to a centuries mannerism without a struggle as if it had been just yesterday while Steve still struggled to remember modern slang.
when he didn’t trust his team?
was printed in a golden cursive along the spine of the book.
By sheer will alone, the plate Steve had carried didn’t snap in half, but the temptation to throw it at the smug look Watson had was a strong one.
“I’m not Bucky. Haven’t been for a long time. Hydra killed Bucky Barnes a long time ago.”
. “You’re talking to a man who was born in the 40s. Time-travelling isn’t honestly the weirdest thing that’s happened to us.”
Not by the universe
As DUM-E, U and Butterfingers
“How are the scans coming, Fri? Anything yet on our mysterious space rock?”
They sat there in silence as Tony finished bandaging his hands. “..do you want to talk about it?”
“Holmes,” Watson pressed on, “was it
years?
Jarvis always said that soulmates are created
You could grant
His pencil rested on top of the sketchbook, snapped in half as a victim during a moment of uncontrolled anger. Unconsciously done and not given a second thought.
Tony was a man out of time. A man who wouldn’t be there in the first place if it hadn’t been because of a bottle. A man who was just like Steve and everything special about him came out of a
“You’re nothing but skin and bones. You need to eat more.”
Steve jumped, his sunglasses sliding down his nose as he looked away from Tony, gorgeous and tan in the sun, laughing at Tiberius’ joke. He took a swig from his beer with a grimace. “I’m not glaring at them.”
with them. I mean- I’ve never seen you light up so much talking to old friends in a long time.”
Let us banter
quote came from because I never said it once. Long story short, you fell into some sort of rip or tear in the time-space continuum created from that stone I had FRIDAY look into. The odds of something like this happening is small, but here you are! Lucky you, Watson.”
going on? Who exactly is this man and why is he calling you Holmes?”
Bucky, who Steve had thought would want to rekindle their friendship from the distant past, had left to find himself once again.
"Yes, you hit me with a wine glass," Tony's voice quivered, "after you'd punched me for about the tenth time."
"Your Highness!" Fury's sarcasm wasn't new but today it was telling on his bitterness, "Where is your boyfriend?"
"Is that a problem, Tony?" Natasha raised an eyebrow.
"I think I know," Steve swallowed hard, his throat dry and lips chapped, he struggled for his breath, "I think know where the other half of the device is."
"Fine," Steve took a deep breath, "I'll call you."
"What's bothering you, Cap?" Sam said quietly, he was good at reading the soldier.
"The great Captain America," he finally spoke, "Who knew you'd be so good at lying."
They can't keep their hands to themselves even in the afterlife.
Steve didn't expect any of these things to happen to him that day. He'd expected that he'd be slightly uncomfortable at best. He was Captain America, he could handle a minor discomfort.
Fury had been working on the Avenger initiative for quite some time, but Loki's attack had forced him to speed things up. Steve was very reluctant to say yes, but the threat seemed serious enough.
"He said the other side of the device was inside him," Tony's voice was still and calm, "I didn't hear it then, but I had JARVIS play the recording. And the footage from the day Loki attacked. I think, somehow, when Loki pointed the skull at him, he did fire at S... Cap. He just didn't feel anything."
the men shaking. Panic set in. Had the intruder managed to strike Tony?
He moved a simple stool for the man to take and once situated the man gestured at everything. “Holmes, what is all this? I know you go into isolated phases when I’m gone but certainly never to this extent. All the items in this room are so… bright. I fear I’ll go blind any second.”
He needed some air, and maybe something to snack on. Perfect excuse. “I’m heading up to grab something to eat. You two stay here and continue doing whatever it is you’re doing. Don’t forget to blink.”
“A serum of sorts with a chemical mixture that rivals all recent attempts put together,” replied Tony, eyes darting to Steve, rubbing at his wrists. “It had been experimental -”
(See the end of the chapter for
He groaned. It had never been
And so, hours flew by into days in a haze of scans, tests, experiments and reasonable explanations that weren’t really believed by the doctor after their inquiry as to why Watson didn’t have the proper immune system to fight off the common cold. All the while Watson sat patiently and indulged all of Tony’s concerns with a fond smile and waved away all his concerns. “That’s not necessary, Holmes,” and Tony ignoring him, “I will not lose you to a cough, Watson.”
You love me
Looked like him, sounded like him, was shouting exactly like him. His hands clutched the cane for dear life. If the black gloves weren’t present, Tony would bet they were white from the pressure extorted. The poor thing’s heart must have been seconds away from stopping and already Tony could hear his own breath hitching.
