"How could I calm down? ... Are you kidding me? ... We’ve been living together for two years ... We've known each other for almost 10 years and now you’re coming with this??"
The latter turned around and faced him.
Zeke seemed to know the boss, which Castiel found surprising enough.
« Wow, not bad at all » he pushed his Stetson back and smiled to Chadwick who joined them.
The latter gently stroke his hair.
« I never said I agreed, I only said that I wouldn’t mind. » Castiel replied, suddenly caught off guard.
He felt Zeke’s perplexed eyes on him.
Leaning on the door frame with a cup of coffee in his hand, he felt soothed and he wished this moment of pure happiness would last forever.
So he used to order at the caterer’s and had never found reasons to complain about the quality until now, even though he knew his guests wouldn’t be happy with one part of the menu...
"Nice about-turn, Dean" he empties his coffee. "I was just trying to tell you that we had the bunker, friends and acquaintances...That we're still together.... But that he had nothing left... No paradise, no roof, no friends except us... He is hunted by his own people, he has lost all his bearings and... "
« I sure hope so » Dean started to laugh.
A half empty glass in one hand, a bottle of whiskey in the other that he holds upright on his thigh, he gets drunk without pleasure.
Besides, how did he end up building this tent that refused to cooperate, despite the powerful hammer blows and all the insults he could think of ?
« Dad and Castiel dancing » the boy was all smiles
End of the chapter
Castiel nods and offers him that smile that he'll never have for anyone but him. When the bell rings, Dean and Castiel are no longer friends.
Dean's about to turn 21. He has passed his Lower Division with distinction and for the past few months he has been in the home stretch.
« I’m dead tired. I’m going to bed »
"No, you're right," he cuts him off.
« You should find this quite awesome »
« I wouldn’t dare »
" I’m still your best friend, Dean. I’ll always be… one does not preclude the other. Love is like friendship, with some sex on top of it, right ?" Castiel laughed.
Surprised by the tone of his voice and particularly the word he had used, Dean raised his eyes towards him. He didn’t know what to say, unabashed by the despair he read in Castiel’s eyes.
« Just call me Zeke » the latter smiled… Castiel returned his smile.
« I don’t doubt it » Dean let a grin spread on his lips.
« Jewel ! » He grabbed her chin and forced her to look up.
« Don’t look at me like that.... Gimme your hand » Dean said, reaching out for him. He was furious. «  Shit… my ass hurts so much that I don’t think I’ll be able to sit ever again » he grabbed Castiel’s hand.
“Dean… What are you doing to do?”
« My God, besides frozen food, does it happen that you guys sometimes eat some healthy food? » he despaired.
« Hello, Beauty » the man replied with a large smile. She stepped back a little and took cover behind her brother.
"Aren’t you coming home with us ? " Dean wondered
He stepped into his car and smiled. Come what may.
Castiel’s eyes darkened in a split second and Dean understood he had taken one step too far.
« What am I supposed to do with this ? » he said, showing the tiny spoon. « Even Jewel’s dolls one are bigger » he claimed, swallowing the content of the spoon, as everyone was waiting for his reaction.
" Yes, Dean ? ".
Maybe tomorrow
He stopped smiling when he saw his daughter’s eyes filled with tears.
« Are you coming with us, Jo ? » Jewel asked.
An ordinary evening for a family that wasn’t so ordinary any longer...
Yet every word of his father's life was along those lines.
« I love you... Good night »
« Could you help me with these and then I’d love a cup of coffee » Dean said with a smile.
"It's a very good idea and it will encourage you to get out more often with the children."
He felt the lump in his throat ; breathing air was like breathing fire. He felt the crush in his chest.
" Never again " the latter said in a low voice, trying to stand up.
Dean stared daggers at him.
"To us," he toasted with Castiel as they often did when there was only the two of them.
Dean got out, grabbed his jacket and left without another glance at table 10.
Not of all my sins, not all that blood that sticks to my skin and soul.
« For Castiel, since always, I guess… As for Dean, well… I gotta admit I dropped dead when I realized» he pushed his hat up his forehead «....no insult intended » he added for Balty.
Balty pulled away from his embrace.
Jo got two tickets for the Soundgarden concert from Dean. She crashed into his arms.
« Some big hound ! » Dean was laughing out even louder.
Apache jumped on its feet... Dean sighed.
« Night, Dean... See you tomorrow ? »
This mall was really huge and Dean was curious to visit it. Besides the kids had been a real pain in the neck and begged him to join. This time, he thought they would be pleased to have him around.
« Just one night » Castiel begged in a voice broken with desire and distress.
« I know, Dad » Chadwick replied with a very sad smile.
« Enjoy your meal » Castiel said happily.
« I thought you had finally understood after all these years of turmoil that you can’t go on alone »
Castiel was standing somewhat behind in silence. However, Dean could feel his sadness even if Cass was doing the best he could to hide it.
« Don’t worry » the young man said, taking the money Castiel gave him. « However, she’s right, you know... » He blushed.
« Nothing. Do you know what time it is ? »
« OK, hurry up »
Without Sam, no life... She left Dean after two years of a life together made of arguments and reconciliations...
" I didn’t hear it " Dean uttered casually.
He wants to believe in that promise. Believe that Dean will always be there for him.
« Yeah, I know, but it’s not the same. It’s probably due to some echo of my old-fashion education» he tried to laugh about it yet he felt uncomfortable somehow.
In response, Bryan captured Balty’s lips, kissed them greedily, tasting his lover’s smile against his own lips.
Castiel turned around and their eyes met. A pleasant warmth crawled up his spine. He smiled and thought he had seen Dean blush as he turned to focus on the children again and help them install the crib.
Nothing disturbed the silence but the noise of the cutlery, the pans and the plates as Dean started to cook.
The little girl didn’t say a word. She didn’t let go of Castiel’s grip either.
« Cass… »
Dean was about to talk back again when he heard Castiel’s laughter and lost his composure.
They were distracted by a metallic sound. Castiel picked up the knives that had slipped out of his hands.
« How do you want me to throw it if you don’t give it back ? » he was ranting against the dog who was biting and pulling hard, shaking Castiel from right to left.
He hesitates to open it. He finds himself pathetic with his vacuum cleaner and his feather duster under his arm.
« What ? »
Castiel frowned…His head was tilting a bit, as usual, which Dean always found cute.
" Stay put, you idiot... you ran straight for it "
Dean made his way on foot… He reached it in a few minutes…
« How could anyone not love you? » he said with a big smile.
" Let's go" says Sam who forgets his six feet and more to become again this child he never had time to be.
When he opened his eyes, he saw her… Tessa and her unwavering support… His soul mate.
“Come with me,” Castiel said, standing up.
« Consider yourself lucky to have to share me with him and only him. Don’t you see what you’ve done to me, Cowboy? »
" They’re all fine, thank you... "
"What'd I tell you already, little man? " he grunts.
« Hey, are we gonna open up these presents or what ? » Dean casually claimed, gently pushing his sister forward and putting his phone back in his pocket.
However, coming to the ranch might have been a good thing after all… Maybe the time had come to open up his heart… Talking with Dean about the aggression had already made him feel better ; talking about Michael might have the same effect... He knew all there was to know about Dean who’d never hidden anything from him; they were friends, they were family.
« I made a mistake » she confessed, looking down to the ground.
" What do you see ? "He asked Chadwick
"I have nothing else to do, Dean... Thank you."
I wanted to keep you informed, I know that there is nothing more frustrating than not knowing if a fic will have an end or not.
« The ultimate bottomless pit ! » Bobby despaired.
« Is that so ? » Dean replied, looking falsely surprised.
When he joined the others, he realized several hours had gone by. His stomach was there to remind him of the basic necessities.
Thank you and see you soon.
« You... » Dean let go of his wrist. Castiel’s heart skipped a beat. « I care about you, Cass, a lot. I don’t have a gift for words but.. I wanted you to know this... »
Dean returned a little while later followed by Apache that had conceded his bone to Jack.
Dean remained stoical : however everything in his body attitude was a clear indication he didn’t enjoy it any more than the children, keeping his hands in his jeans pockets, not knowing what to do with them.
« What happened yesterday… » he took a deep breath « Lisa... Zeke... I know it looks pretty disturbing to you… to us all » he couldn’t resolve to look at Castiel.
« Honestly, Cass… » he sipped from this own bottle and stared at the lake.
« If they had, I’d have hunted them across the Earth and made them eat their own balls. I swear on my life »
« That’s be awesome » the kid immediately said.
"I missed you so much, Dean," Castiel whispers with that smile he never had only for Dean.
Tessa…
" Don’t worry, Deanie ..." he replied, patting his cheek.
He felt Dean trembling, his whole body fighting its own battle between reason and envy.
"Incidentally, I don’t understand how you can stand this."
Castiel's face tears apart with a bright smile as he faces him.
« He said NO ! Do you need me to translate ?» Dean whispered in his ear in a threatening tone.
You could say the he had a lot to keep him busy… She had left him two beautiful children. A girl, Jewel, now 6 years old and a boy, Chadwick who was nearing 10… The treasures of his life… For them, he had endured, for them, he had survived, for them, he had gotten through it.
« You’re welcome, grumpy. »
He was as little talkative during the ride home and the kids didn’t ask any question about Castiel for the rest of the day.
"I'm... I'm sorry if I disappoint you, Sammy," looking down.
Dean took place between his children, facing Jo and Bobby, who was still busy in the kitchen.
Castiel was watching the pictures on the wall. He smiled at a picture of them at the Black Horse.
« Hi, Handsome » she said, leaning on the door frame.
« I’ve noticed he’s very fond of the kids»
" I suppose this mean you forgive me ? " Dean smirked, sure of himself.
« I’ll be there » Castiel answered with a smile, avoiding eye contact though. « You’d better go now. I’ll come and pick you up this afternoon. I may be a bit late, just wait for me. »
Dean looked at his phone for a long time and finally listened to the message.
« I really gotta go now, and so do you » she stood up.
Dean was walking behind them, one hand on Chadwick’s shoulder, walking by his side.
" Shut up !" laughs Dean. "We're going to get on the Ferris wheel and the fairground shooting ... We're going to do the jerks in the hall of mirrors ... We will forget for a few hours our shitty life", his voice lost in a whisper .
She nodded.
« Yes. » her father answered, feeling embarrassed, to say the least. « As on TV »
« Would you happen to have a model with a side opening? » . Dean’s face was all red with shame and anger. The seller was smiling.
« Yeah » Dean smiled.
« Astonishingly ? Honey, they’ve been watching Balty ogling you ass for eight years ; gay relationship has become quite commonplace for them »
Castiel has spent the whole week walking the neighbors’ dogs with him. It was the only way Chadwick had found to make enough money to buy the gift for his father.
« So what ? Can you imagine the hell I’m going through ? She can’t help putting her hands on me all the time » he made a face.
With his arms around his shoulders, Dean introduces him to his mother, Mary Winchester, as his best friend for life.
" Thank you ".
" I shouldn’t be in love with you, in remembrance of her, but I … can’t help it. "
Castiel was happy, it clearly showed on his face : no more questions needed, all the answers were right there.
He heaved a long sigh and stood up, as Chadwick was watching him.
" Balty’s friends are my friends " Jonas said with pinched lips.
He was so tired...
He put on his trench coat and closed the door, lowering his head. A sharp snap inside the flat. The portrait had just fallen onto the floor.
« Don’t even think about it… I’m not in the mood today »
"I don't see where you're going with this," Dean winces. "There's nothing more than friendship between Cass and me... and it's just different because the guy is a soldier of God, I remind you... so now if you could just shut up for five minutes so we can eat in peace", opening the pack and grabbing a bottle.
« Good night, Castiel... I’m glad you’re back, it felt so strange not having you around»
« You’re the famous fireman who collects old trucks, right? » Dean squeezed back his hand.
He pulled over on the side of the road and collapsed on the wheel, breathless.
Besides, the police investigation was leading nowhere. A first name, a few descriptions were obviously not enough to build up a case. The police officers suggested that the perpetrators were most probably from out of town.
« She’ll always be welcome here, Cass… You’re home here, it’s your mom, after all» Dean added.
Dean walked a short distance from them and called Castiel. Meanwhile, he saw Megan and Jewel laughing together.
Jewel shook her head and went on crying, hugging Castiel even harder.
She didn’t see him blush when he sipped at his beer to hide his embarrassment.
His son side glanced his sister and smiled.
When they were close to the farm, Castiel stopped Dean.
"Dean ? "
« Not in the house » Castiel said in a rough tone.
A prayer ... A flapping wing ... The noise of crumpled leather ....
« DEAN ?! »
« What is it ? »
He tried to breathe normally.
"You're welcome," Castiel answers, getting up.
« Hello. »
« I know I haven’t been easy-going lately… I know that… I… » he was looking for the proper words to say.
« You wanted to talk to me when Jewel was reciting her poem »
« No... That must be Zeke » he replied in a tone which made her understand Dean didn’t appreciate the visitor.
« JO »
« And he wouldn’t have had all these friends to help him with all the money at the end » she said with sparkles in her eyes.
"I have everything I need."
« Go go go ! » Mark encouraged them, clapping his hands.
Dean finally fell asleep against Castiel’s chest, cradled by the hand in his hair.
« It’s the most beautiful tree I’ve ever seen » Jewel claimed, hugging her brother real tight.
At first there was a long silence and then suddenly Chadwick’s laughter resonated, soon imitated by Jewel’s.
Since then, he hasn't stopped trying to make Castiel fly off the handle to reveal himself, Because at first glance Benny knew. But Castiel refuses to give in and stays imperturbable, at least that's what he uggests.
« Yeah, and if wishes were horses… ya know » she raised her eyes. « Anyway, the damage is done, sort of »
Dean was sipping his beer, sitting on a log, facing the lake ... Although they were exhausted, the children were playing a game of cards near the fire that Castiel had lit a few minutes earlier.
« Take it easy, Dean... Squeeze your knees gently, very gently...Try to relax »
« I love it, kids, thanks a lot » he gave them a big smile.
The sounds of the continuous beeps were resonating with the kids’ laughters and Jo and Bobby’s critics.
« You sure drew the lucky number with this guy » Dean said to Castiel.
« Sure. But it doesn’t mean anything. You’re going out with Becky every two weeks, that doesn’t mean...»
Balty... Dean had presumed he was still at Bryan’s... This Bryan guy seemed to take a greater place in the compulsive chaser’s life.
« Cass » Dean’s voice was filled with powerful emotion.
« Tough luck » Castiel concluded.
" Cass " he whispered as he stroke his hair.
« Have you ever imagined sleeping with him? »
"Poems, um? ".
Castiel smiled and shook his head... He felt a persistent gaze on him and turned around. Chadwick was staring at him. The latter winked, pointing at his mobile phone.
« Holy shit… Where did he find this ? » he showed an encyclopedia on the American Civil War, the one he had been searching for years and that had become a rarity.
They were all smiling. Back then, nothing had prepared them for what was about to happen. It was the time of ephemeral happiness.
He stared at the ceiling then closed his eyes on the memory of what had just changed his life forever.
Castiel remained at a certain distance with the other two. He helped Jewel put on her coat and buttoned his trenchcoat as it was getting chilly.
« I’m fine... » Castiel was smiling.
He sees him close his eyes to the touch.
He had to know… he looked around, picturing the door, his threshold.
She started to laugh and ran away to her brother.
"A beer at 7 a.m ? "
« It’s… I can’t explain. It’s all so different and complicated »
“When was the last time you went out with someone? Seriously, I mean.”
« What about the staging ? A play is a play, period »
« I can’t wait till tomorrow! » Chadwick shouted as he climbed the stairs to his bedroom.
« Shall I remind you that I’m the one who cooks at home and no one ever complained» Dean said as he installed the salmon vol-au-vents.
Dean turned to Castiel who remained silent.
« What are you trying to tell me, Lisa ? » he frowned, lost in her eyes. « Spit it out! I can see you’re dying to do so! » he said in a cold tone, his face like stone.
« Hi »
« Because he loves Castiel and he doesn’t want to love him anymore… He is afraid… He’s scared to death to imagine Castiel could die too and leave him, as his mother did… We don’t cry for someone we don’t care about, ya know.»
He had put on a jeans and grey marled t-shirt underneath a black shirt. Leather boots and vest.
« Well, I do. I will NOT speak about my sex life with my sister or anyone else for that matter » Dean was starting to be angry.
« Yes ? » he was already standing.
« As you wish » he patted his shoulder.
« You’re sure ? »
“Oh,” Castiel looked up and raised an eyebrow.
« I know, but it’s always a pleasure to hear it again » he kissed him and Balty could feel the smile on his lips.
“Killjoy... Wait for him to come and you’ll see.”
He opened the book and started to read the instructions.
« So, may I tell my friend that it’s a done deal ? »
Castiel's almost 13. Although socially awkward, he's made a place for himself among Dean's friends. It's a tighter circle than it was in elementary school, but their loyalty is unfailing. At least with regard to these young teenagers who are still looking for a place in the adult world.
Castiel came out from his own changing room and gave Chadwick a nod of approval.
He took Sam to the care home and then he went straight to the garage where Franck was waiting for him with the relieved smile of a man who has just seen the Messiah for the first time.
« Bloody idiot.»
« Men and their dirty minds » she started to laugh.
« You’re sure ? »
"I'm with them every Sunday, Cass and I'd like to point out that THEY insisted you be part of it. And Balty, the Circus clown, is obviously welcome"
He missed him....
It was like a blaze... Nothing else mattered anymore.
« ....I was wondering if he would share the popcorn that I bought, the one I prepared and which he keeps for himself » Castiel went on, with the same tone.
« But Zeke, we hardly know each other »
“Yeah, sure... Hold on a second...” He leant to take a notebook and a pen on the work table. “I’m listening.”
At that precise moment, Castiel made an entrance… Black pants and white shirt unbuttoned, his trench coat on his forearm.
« What’s your current situation? » Balty dared to ask.
He wondered what would have happened if Castiel hadn’t been there.
"Thank you," Castiel answers, quietly.
They remained motionless, in silence, for several minutes… Together.
STOP THINKING! The words exploded in Dean’s head; he pushed him back on the bed and, without a second thought, plunged his hand into Castiel’s boxer who let out a gasp of surprise when he felt the other’s hand on his tensed crotch.
Dean stood in front of him, with shining eyes.
He moved closer to his son.
« Yes you did » Castiel was laughing.
« Yes, I do » he finally confessed.
« I... » Dean stopped moving. « It all happened too fast… I’m having a hard time coping with it all » he finally confessed.
« You fell out of bed or what ? » he said, planting a kiss on her forehead.
« Oh shit» Dean whispered.
Dean took it, feeling a bit uncomfortable.
And Sam smiles ...
« Your wish is my command, M’am ! » he replied as he displayed the ingredients on the counter.
« His Muse, huh ? How long have you known the man ?» he raised an eyebrow, quite perplexed.
« All right, let’s do this »
« That stupid smile on your face since I arrived » she pointed a finger at him, without moving an inch.
Lisa felt Dean tense up again. He looked extremely nervous and was biting his lower lip.
« Tell who ? The future ex-official boyfriend or the future ex-unofficial one ? » he started to laugh alone.
« I know that, Mister Novak » she interrupted him, insisting on his name as if to underline the lack of official family ties between him and Jewel.
« Do you believe I’m… in love… with him ? » he said, with a disgusted expression.
« I have wonderful memories of this place… Tomorrow I’ll show you a nice spot…I don’t think I’ve shown you that one yet »
"And no modjo" says Dean tightening his embrace. " you hear me Cass !"
« We met at a private party… He just moved in the area… He doesn’t know anyone here yet… So I decided to take care of him. »
He smiled. We should build up a snowman, he surprisingly thought.
Kissing Castiel had opened the Pandora box which he had tried to keep shut tight for several months after Castiel had been assaulted.
« Lisa... please…. Stay… I’m sorry, I acted like a jerk. Give me a second chance »
Sam joins him, hands him a cup of coffee and follows his gaze.
« C’mon, you’re a perfect greasy hero knockoff ».
« You love him »
« Yeah, I’m fine. Sorry about my angry outburst earlier » he said, rubbing the back of his neck, feeling ashamed.
« Yeah, I know Bobby, but this time,… It’s OK. I'll be fine. These two weeks are going to be just fine »
« Cassie, my angel... I’d like you to meet a friend of mine, who’s new in the neighborhood »
« You ...Are you happy, Boss ? »
« My boy, you need to learn that a frontal attack isn’t necessarily the best attitude to solve a problem... Castiel just went through an ordeal that hurt more than his body... If they had attacked him to rob him or because of a wrong word, he would have recovered already... He was assaulted because of what he is… because of his choices… He is both afraid and angry... He needs time to figure it all out... Speak with him about everything except this subject and you’ll see that he will open up, because he won’t be able to keep the distress locked inside for much longer... Trust me... Let him breathe... He knows he can count on you, he isn’t just ready yet, got it? »
« That turkey and chestnuts was very good » Bobby mumbled, pouring himself some red wine.
Tessa used to bake pies for Dean on regular occasions. It was his guilty pleasure and from time to time, he was still finding excuses to buy one or have someone offer him one.
"We don't care" Dean replies. "He's perfect like that " He tappes his brother's arm as he passed by his side. "Show us the way instead, Mister
« No, I just saw some bad picture at the Ranch»
« Wouldn’t you prefer Jo or Uncle Bobby, because they are OK with this too, you know ! »
« Son of a bitch!» He said, splashing water on Dean with his hand.
« I know but I’m... »
« Are you gonna fight again ? » Jewel asked in a supplicant voice.
« Are you OK, Pa’ ? » his son eventually asked.
« I apologize for showing some concern for your well-being » he said, raising his voice. « It’s not like we’ve been friends for ages, right ?» Dean stood up. He felt obviously offended.
" YIHAAAAAAAAAAA " Dean screamed, feeling like a kid again.
Tessa had kept it safe for years, this crib had been passed from one generation to the next for almost a century… It represented a little wooden barn with porcelains figurines...
" Askes me what ? ", Castiel replies confused.
Dean had tried to raise the subject several times but Castiel always terminated the conversation. Eventually Dean had given up for good...
« As a bear tamer » he replied, nodding at Dean.
Dean had no idea what to say. “You’re welcome” would have sounded so futile...
Garth turned around and granted him a wry smile.
« I’m not afraid » Dean was offended.
He looks Dean undo his tie and loosen the knot.
« It’s gonna be fine » Balty reassured him.
Castiel was in an intense conversation with Bryan, Balty with Jared. Madison was sitting in the armchair admiring Rufus manipulated by an exited Jewel. Dean was cleaning the table with his son.
«Feels so good to be together again » he just said, staring at him.
« For you, I’d recommend Light »
« Idiot! » Dean replied, yet he bursted out laughing too when Santa tumbled on one of the elves’ feet, sprawled on the ground while his backpack’s content spilled over his head.
« I haven’t found a gun under my pillow so, desperate times desperate measures » he was smiling his heart out.
« That’ll be one beer for the lady.. Make yourself comfortable, I’ll be right back» he headed for the kitchen.
Dean smiles as he looks at his shoes. He's happy and it's so new to him, so exhilarating that he can't be afraid. He doesn't fear the future anymore because the future is today.
It's nearly 10:00 PM when the doorbell rings throughout the house, followed by gentle knocks on the door.
« But, Castiel…he is sitting on my PSP !»
« I mean… thank you » Castiel repeated, stretching one leg and bending the other to relieve the pain.
Sam had cleared his doubts.
« Why do you care, honey? »
"BECAUSE... BECAUSE I LOVE YOU... DAMMIT" Dean bursts, banging his fist on the table, closing his eyes to the pain. "Because I don't know how to show you how much," he opens his eyes again. "I do not know," he whispers.
"NOTHING... I just asked him to come living with us as if you so kindly suggested it" Dean snaps, standing in the middle of the living room.
Garth stopped near a small hill. He turned to the others and smiled.
Castiel violently pushes him away before punches him on the face. Tears a cry of pain out of both of them.
« Shit, what the hell am I doing ? » he shook his head and rubbed his face with his hands.
He couldn’t take his eyes off his friend’s neck...
" A while " the boy walked closer. " Are you OK ? " Worry was all over his little face.
Castiel had gone to pick up the children. Jewel had resumed her dance class with less enthusiasm than before, because in the meantime Marissa had introduced her to tennis. Chadwick had started to go swimming again.
“They want house aperitifs,” Dean said, taking off his apron.
« Go ahead » his father smiled.
« Thanks, my little angels »
They bickered, spoke to one another, without any order, as if all were in their place, as if this family suddenly had grown without questions asked, in the most natural way. Jared felt directly integrated just like Bryan.
One year. That year when he thought he’d lost everything.
« Oh yes it is! »
« Have you checked in the attic? You know he loved to hang around up there »
" You go ahead " Castiel pushed him away. " I’m walking the rest of the way " he smiled.
"A blackboard and red lines" the boy replied in a tired tone
« I’m Dean and these are my children, Chadwick and Jewel. »
Dean joined him, frowning. Jewel was hiding behind her father, clinging tight to his shirt. Chadwick was following reluctantly as his father had ordered him not to stay behind, in case there would be a wolf or a bear looking for easy food.
Dean helped Bobby clean the table as Jo settled in front of the television with Chadwick who was plugging his X-Box.
Castiel was doing this to make the pain vanish when she was hurt ; it was his way to deal with the kids’ bruises.
« You… better watch out, ok ?» Dean gently pushed his son away. « We’d better get some sleep if we wanna be fresh tomorrow »
« Piss off, Jo » he pushed her away. « Gimme a break with this. I shouldn’t have told you. So stop bugging me » he stood up.
« What do you want for Christmas, Daddy ? » Jewel asked.
The time had come to start the fake rodeo.
"He'd rather suffer in silence than disappoint you. You don't deserve him, and I can't imagine what Mary would think of all this if she were still with us", she splits.
I’d like to express her my ever-lasting gratitude for painstakingly translating this fic into English, on top of her private life.
« So I thought there was the perfect moment for your guys to take your mind off things »
Dean had always been impressed by the stature of his friend. It was not the first time he was seeing him bare-chested yet it was always a bit of a surprise to see that Castiel was hiding solid muscles behind an apparently fragile-looking silhouette.
« MERRY CHRISTMAS » they all shouted as Dean extended the phone towards them. The ritual was identical as every year, yet this time, Dean didn’t wanna hang up.
The day before their departure, Garth and Mark decided to organize a fake rodeo and several games in the Old West style. Pitching horseshoes, lasso throwing, knives throwing. The climax of the day was the sack race of course.
He had thought of calling Balty but his friend was busy all week-end.
« Vin. »
Dean had traversed the field of corpses like a Valkyrie and it was with a blank expression that kneeled down to Castiel. The angel still clutched his bloodied blade in his hands, curled up much like a child, eyes half opened, forever empty.
« Cass was just wondering whether you know how to… » he bursted out laughing
« Have I heard the sound of your sweet voice calling me ? » Castiel said as he walked towards him.
Love you.
He was beginning to assess the importance of Castiel’s presence in his life, yet he had a hard time thinking straight. It was still too bewildered.
« Tessa » He had spoken about her a few times in their after sex talks. He had felt to talk about her a few times, it was better than a cigarette.
« Nahhhh » he shook his head.
« Really ? » She was all smiles.
He let out a profound sigh.
« Are you making enough money with this business ? » Castiel asked.
« No, Dean...I’m gonna love you… And if tomorrow, you want our lives to get back to the way they were, this night will be nothing but a disgression»
« Stay right there... I don’t give a shit about that bloody bread. Now, talk to me»
“You could say that, yeah,” Dean could picture Bobby smiling at the end of the line.
"That’s normal ... Because it probably reminds her of her classmates masterpieces… when you look at this kind of stuff" he pointed at a painting.
« As I do every year, why do you ask ?» Castiel put a trivet at the center of the table.
The song stopped and started again. Dean looked at the hi-fi with a smile and then drowned in the blue eyes again.
Castiel just nods.
« Where are the kids ? »
« So I’m gonna repeat this again, so it reaches the depths of that little computer engineer brains of yours, once and for all… You are a member of this family, you’re the one who matters most in my life, besides my kids.. Do you hear me, Cass? »
" Kevin !! " Dean shouted.
He didn’t recall how Castiel ended up close to him… how he had felt what was about to happen but never moved an inch… how Castiel ended up kissing him and how he had responded to the kiss instead of pushing him away, as he usually did.. How their kiss had been filled with such passion that he couldn’t refrain from kissing him again. Castiel had coiled up so close to him, as if he wanted to merge with him, body and soul...
Lisa would try to find her place among them… What would it be ?
« See ya » the boy replied, patting Apache.
"Don’t touch it, sweetie " Balty said with a smile ." Just watch "
« Now everyone to bed ! » he kissed her.
"No ... You ... You did well ", awkwardly.
« Well… you’ve done the worst… You met the kids and I’d say it didn’t turn out that bad.» he said, taking a sip of his beer.
« For this week-end... For being there for us… it’s been a while since I spent such a nice evening… I miss it, Bobby, you have no idea… But tonight, I saw Chadwick and Jewel laughing, I saw a sparkle in Castiel’s eyes… You’re right, I think we’re gonna make it »
« He’s your new lover? » Jewel asked, staring right at him.
« Then we’ll install him when we get back »
He had put on a black jean and a blue t-shirt with an eagle flying all over his left shoulder.
He heard someone coming in. However, he kept his eyes closed, presuming it was Dean. He tried to breath away the sharp pain in his chest.
Where was he anyway ? He had left about an hour ago with Jewel to pick up some wood for the fire.
Because in the Novak family, we obey.
« Why did you come in here ? And please, no excuse ? Just the truth, Dean»
They drank their chocolate in silence and then the children finally spoke of a million things, about the tree, the snowman, the battle in the garden… They even laughed about the bad joke their father had played on Castiel.
His wounds are still bleeding and Dean bites his lip, thinking that all this is probably the result of his weakening grace. Perhaps it is also the repercussion of his somewhat clumsy statement that seems to have paralyzed the angel.
Dean and Castiel watched the kids fascination and felt a wave of fondness in their hears.
Dean didn’t answer... He kept staring at Zeke who was smiling a blissful smile.
He smiled, lost in his thoughts… Would he ever be ready ?
« Whatever, you can’t eat before going to swim, it’s not recommended »
The children were so excited that they asked a million questions to Balty, although he couldn’t answer each one of them.
He sighed. He missed her so much all of a sudden and his heart sank when he realized he hadn’t thought of her in such a way for a long time. He felt guilty but then again, life had to go on and she wouldn’t be happy to see him give up on life.
"Dean? " Castiel asks.
« Did you kiss him ? » she felt a bit surprised by her brother’s revelation.
Jewel climbed on the crowd barrier.
« Dean… »
Apache watched them leave and settled at his place, with his head resting on the rim of his basket. He was free for a few hours.
« OK… seems easy enough » Dean said, pulling his hat.
Tessa’s death, struck down at 31 by cancer, left Dean an inconsolable widower, father of two children aged 4 and 7 at the time…
Their last holidays...
He smiled: happiness was at hand, again, he knew Tessa was watching from up above. He knew she would rejoice.
He gave up trying to find the answer because right now, for the first time in years, he finally felt where he belonged.
« It’s just that I’m not ready to talk about it just yet...»
« Chad ! » he called.
"Chad , I present you Storm .... You’ll see, it’s as sweet as a lamb, unlike what its name suggests "
« Which one? You mean the one folded and stuck to the wall that you never use? » He peeked at the kitchen door. « That being said, you don’t have that many guests, right? » he poured himself a cup of coffee.
He frowned even more.
« Cass? »
« All the same, seeing the Boss coming out... Who’d have thought» he said, diving on the Twingo engine.
Dean was standing there… in a full Winnie the Pooh outfit, including the rubber paws (hands and feet), dressed in fake fur from head to toes.
« If you say so, Bobby » Yet she refrained from mentioning what she had learned, what she couldn’t tell Bobby, hence keeping her promise to Dean.
“I’ll never let you away from me… I love you Cas… So much that I’d die if you left me again.”
"Because that's my angel," He kisses on his lips. The angel's grace quivers.
" Everything’s fine... But don’t count on me for the next ride… I’m not into sliding sports " he confessed, brushing the snow from his coat.
He felt Castiel was looking at him but remained stooped.
« I’ll go for a walk with Apache »
They looked up and down at each other for a little while. The boy had to admit: she was pretty. She had delicate features and long black hair. He took a deep breath.
« Thanks, Babe » he smiled at him.
« She told me a little about it last time she called. I think his name is Vin or Vince… Something like this »
“Cas.” Dean’s voice was firm and dry despite the fact that there was only one thing he wanted to do, to explode with joy as he held him in his arms.
« Unintended »
« If you were straight, I’d have dragged you in my bed for a long time and ask you to marry me, while I’m at it... You’re so damn cute »
« So have I, Winnie »
« He’ll be ready to go in about three weeks. I’ll inform Jo when the time has come. »
« Dean. » Castiel said, looking down.
« I’m sorry. It’s just that I don’t wanna see someone I love suffer like this anymore, you know what I mean? My wife died of cancer. So, please, don’t tell me again that pain is a part of the healing process… Ever! » He went back in the room.
« Look, the sky is already clearing and the snow is melting » he put a hand on his shoulder.
« What ? » he felt a bit annoyed and put down the fork he has just picked up again.
« Your place is among us… No one will ever take it. Neither Lisa nor anyone else, do you understand me ? »
He had had other affairs since, but they had all been one-night stands... He didn’t want to become attached and to have to make a choice. There was no choice... Sam would always come first.
« Wow, it looks edible for a change » Dean claimed, rubbing his hands together in anticipation.
" So ? " Balty smiled, pointing a statue. " What do you see? "
« Where’s your brother? » he asked.
Apache lied down next to the coffee table, his nose at close range of the popcorn.
“Don’t we have breakfast?” Dean always found it difficult to make the connection between Sam’s deep voice and his mental age. He was always expecting him to talk like kid Sammy of his teenage days, but if his brain had remained trapped, his voice, on the other hand, had broken.
« No, Jo » he turned to face her. « Love implies you share everything and… I can’t share everything ».
He had always known that he would choose Castiel, from the day of Tessa’s funeral. Yet he had decided to wait a while until the kids were older and able to comprehend what was involved. Jewel’s reaction after Madame Fournier’s decision had only been the catalyst. He had had a hard time to admit that he had been scared of what was to come. First, when he called Sam, fearing that he would tell him it was impossible because there was no blood connection between Castiel and the kids, as Jo had, but most of all, he was afraid of the moral prejudice more than anything. He was afraid that he would be denied the right to pick up a gay person to take care of his family, despite the fact that this person had been part of their life for 10 years or so.
Jewel started to cry in silence. Chadwick took his ticket back.
« Tell him what ? »
What if all this was just a misunderstanding?
" Let’s go ... .The children have sports tomorrow," Castiel interrupted, pulling his arm.
« Let’s mix it all now »
« Be a good horse, OK ? » he whispered in Wink’s ear. « Otherwise I’ll eat you for supper... » The horse shook itself.
Popcorn passed from hands to hands, under the eyes of a hypnotized Apache.
« Jo » the look in his eyes was like a silent warning, he crossed his arms on his chest, which was a bad sign, switching to defensive mode.
It was the first tree that passed the threshold since they’d moved in.
See you in two weeks and thank you for reading me
« You’re welcome, sweetheart» he said, picking up his phone and walking out the kitchen.
« Cass... You don’t need to find excuses. »
« It was your mother’s… I couldn’t…. I couldn’t get rid of it » he rubbed the back of his head.
« Hello, Matt » Dean replied, standing there, without moving.
Dean didn’t move an inch, then, in a fit of rage and frustration, he crashed the bowl in the sink.
" May I know what’s happening ? " she asked in an amused tone.
The next day, Castiel is back.
You smile and put your hand up to my heart and you kiss me.
« We’ll leave the crib until Epiphany... You’ll have enough time to place Baby Jesus, ok ? » he gently stroked her cheek.
« Daaaaad » Jewel, still dressed in her blue Mickey Mouse pajamas, ran to him.
Chadwick was desperately trying to make eye contact with Castiel who hadn’t spoken since they left.
The door to the attic was open; she could see the white neon light extending a little outside the room.
« Are you all right ? »
« Six» his son corrected.
His not so ordinary family....
He felt somebody was watching him… Chadwick was standing there, leaning on the door frame, observing his father...
« Sorry, Babe. I didn’t mean to pick on you but… this is eating me… I know they’re meant for each other»
He saw Castiel smile, slightly raising his head.
He stood by the door for a long while, feeling he shouldn’t do this, but he couldn’t help it. He had to know.
« You look like a real cow boy» she said as she examined his outfit from top to bottom.
« Yeah, sure, easy for you, Mister Professional... » he focused on his balance.
« Cass » he answered with so much joy in his voice.
« Perfect... I’ll have pancakes with whipped cream and a coffee, please » she turned to Castiel who hadn’t moved an inch.
« No, I’m not hungry, that’s all » Castiel replied in an amused tone.
« I’ve told you several times already, I CAN’T DO IT » he stood up and started to pace in the room.
« Hey, what happened, my angel? »
« What ? He’s hungry»
« Yeah… I’d love a beer, if you have some »
"You're turning 38... Don't you think it's time to stop lying to yourself ? "
« Shit ! ... » he tried to take off his boot, without success. « CASS? »
« No » he replied in a whisper. « No, I’ll stay here with you » he kept smiling, keeping his eyes closed.
Chadwick was feeding him twice a day.
Castiel ducked his head, blushing.
The silence that followed spoke volumes.
She leaned and rested her head on Castiel’s chest who kissed her temple.
« You’re gay, remember ? » she said, sinking back into her chair. « Besides my husband, you’re most certainly the most adorable stranger I’ve ever met during my boozehound existence... And I continue to believe your Dean is a complete moron not to see the precious one living next to him »
They share the same class this time. Dean gently dismissed the shy young boy who had the misfortune to sit on the bench to the left of Castiel. Castiel looks daggers at him before taking off his trench coat and putting it on his backpack.
«That’s why I didn’t wanna tell you about the gift » she said, giving him the most serious look in the world.
« Isn’t that true ? You too should have moved on for a while now, you know, and engage in the physical chapter. What is Dean waiting for, perhaps for his balls to get ripe? »
« Wow» Castiel exclaimed.
But he didn't need to come out in front of his friends. Benny took care of it for him by not letting Dean out of his sight.
He turned the ignition and Sam began to cry.
"I said it was a good idea but next time I’ll chose the Museum" he laughed. "I’ll never be as educated as you, I know that, but I would really try to look less stupid sometimes"
The dog immediately ran back into the house and took refuge in his basket.
And since Tessa died, he hadn’t been to the movies, not to mention a concert.
His hand traveled down his chest, while he kept looking at Castiel giving himself up to his clumsy caresses and when his hand reached his hip, he stopped and closed his eyes. He started to think, too much. Castiel felt his reluctance to go any further and grabbed his hand, putting it on his chest again. He kissed it.
« This one »
Dean knew he had to calm down. Indeed, this week-end was meant to be relaxing and he refused to spoil the party by being a pain in the ass; after all, this was supposed to last for two days only.
Dean liked Castiel’s discretion and in return he enjoyed the fact that Dean regarded him as a friend, a man and not an abomination of nation as his deceased father had claimed…
" And what ? "
Nevertheless, Dean allowed to be himself again for the last few months, to live with more intensity. He still thought of his wife but life had taken over.
« What is it that you can’t do? »
« It’s supper time? The kids have school tomorrow… » He said, raising his eyebrows.
He gave him a small box he had kept in the living room.
"It's pretty " Jewel said, extending a hand.
He didn’t pay attention to Mabel either, the Mexican housewife who had served his mother for almost 20 years... Yet he was very attached to her as she had never judged him and was probably the only one in the family environment to accept who he was.
« Dad »
Lisa couldn’t hold back the tears.
« I don’t, Dean. It’s just that I feel overwhelmed and I don’t want to disappoint the kids, that’s all. »
End of the chapter
« Let’s keep in touch »
« We’ll call him….Apache »
« Castiel » Chadwick interrupted him.
"He and I we're going to have a little talk, here's what's going to happen... There's no way that this... ", Dean stoppes to talk, biting his lip.
Dean took her in his arms, she kissed Castiel. He closed his eyes. She inadvertently pressed on his bruised ribs but he managed not to show it was hurting him. Dean saw his features contort and finally noticed Jewel’s knee was pressing on Castiel’s side.
"So? Interesting? ", Dean asks indicating the book from his bottle.
« I’m completely dehydrated» Dean opened the fridge and took a beer which he offered to Castiel, then he gave one soda to each kid and took another beer for himself.
He imagined his hands covering his own and closed his eyes.
« How do I do that? » with her hand on the bowl.
« That being said… » he stepped back.
« Shall I tell you what’s stuck in my throat? » Jo asked.
His breath, his mouth.
He frowned.
« Shit. Is it time already? »
“How do you feel about him?”
The hours go by and Sam starts to get worried. He plays with his half-empty beer bottle while looking from his computer screen to the stairs leading to the main room, then tries for the third time in the afternoon to contact Dean.
Dean was about to snap back but no words escaped his parted lips.
She looked up at Castiel and saw the smile on his face.
« What about I leave it on the back seat? »
« I certainly wouldn’t » snapped Franck.
« I haven’t said anything wrong.» Balty said, falsely offended. « You’re the one with a twisted mind » He said, frowning.
« No really? » Dean was having fun with this. « He actually loves my kids only.. He’s kept repeating this for the last ten years... He doesn’t want any of his own anyway »
" Love you "
« Where’s your Dad ? »
He suddenly opened his eyes again
She smiled and put a hand on his cheek.
He whistled.
« Are you OK, Dean ? » the old man asked, looking at Dean obviously lost in his thoughts.
" You’re nothing but a bastard " Castiel sighed, stroking his cheek with his hand. " A certified bastard " he tenderly pushed him away. " Get the hell outa here. I REALLY need a shower".
He squeezed the stone in his hand for a moment then put the bracelet on his wrist.
She walked closer to him, almost touching him.
It was their last holidays together.
« Of course, you weren’t. Those sons of bitches were targeting me all along. »
« Mmm… Yes ! » he startled.
He leaned on the fence, next to him.
Nevertheless, one day, as he was really tired, he just let out he wouldn’t mind : soon after the children rushed to their father to insist, one more time …
« Have you ever seen two friends behave the way they do ? »
Inias blushed and stared at Castiel.
They had decided to go all together to the shopping mall which had opened two months before, just outside of town. The kids were growing fast and they needed new clothes. Dean’s clothes were more than worn-out after a thousand trips to the washing machine. Castiel didn’t need anything but Dean had begged him to come along after Jo declined to tag along.
" Let’s go " he pushed the sled that rushed down in a great mix of shouting and laughing.
« Cass ? »
He pouted and refused to answer.
« Balty » Dean was staring daggers at him.
Most of the time, there was an incidental smile on Dean’s face, yet his eyes were focusing somewhere further than the visible environment. He didn’t want to let the children see the pain he felt because of his loss. Jewel was unaware of this, yet Chadwich, who missed his mom as much as Dean missed his wife, felt the weight of the invisible shadow standing beside his father.
And I laughed again, and you smiled.
"Farewell, Dean," Castiel says with that smile he'll never have for him again.
Jewel accompanied Bobby to the stable... She had put on short pants and a pink T-shirt and was running ahead of Bobby.
« C’mon… Let them take care of it » he finally said, heading for the kitchen.
They waved at their father who hadn’t moved an inch and ran upstairs, leaving the men alone, face to face.
« When he called me earlier this week and told me about this little… gathering and a revelation, I thought… » He felt uncomfortable.
Chadwick was holding his hand, in silence, avoiding to look at him… only staring at their hands joined together.
« I’d like you to be there » he added, looking down.
« Is he gonna die ?» the boy asked in a neutral tone.
« That’s all? Are you on a diet? Do you wanna lose some bone ? » she asked, reading the menu.
The end
"Hey, what about me? " Jewel claimed, pulling his sleeve.
« What ? » he said, feeling a bit surprised.
« I must be dreaming » he said as he turned off the engine.
“The waiter will take your order once you have made your choice.”
« I don’t know if I can »
« You wanna beer? »
He was looking down and Castiel stood there, in front of him.
"With more balls, you could have been in her place," Benny swings in his usual nonchalance.
« He has a name» he corrected without feeling embarrassed, because it was a simple as that.
« ‘Night, Daddy » Jewel gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and immediately after jumped in Castiel’s arms.
« We’ll walk Apache for a little while and then we’re treat ourselves with an ice cream at the Park. Then we’ll come back and go on with our little poem? How’s that sound? »
« Are you thinking the same thing as your sister? » Jo suddenly needed to know... The kids were living with them 24/7. They had been sharing everything for the last three years... They were sitting in the front seat.
Jewel seemed more interested by one of them, all white, with a tiny brown spot on the forehead.
« My name is Charlie, if you need anything, just press the alert button. »
« If you say so » Castiel smiled although he felt a bit heartbroken.
« What about me ? » Dean interfered, still leaning on the car’s open door.
« Your turn »
He woke up with a start and winced because of the pain.
"With Balty "
« I’ll show you what it costs to mock me »
They came home late in the afternoon… Castiel hadn’t said a word during the whole trip back. Dean was smiling at him from time to time and Castiel was returning the smile.
Castiel pushed him back down with a firm hand while the other started to caress his crotch.
« Idjit » he grumbled for himself.
"I couldn't sleep" Dean answers, massaging his painful neck.
He took the nutmeg flask and poured some on the apples.
Dean, holding his son by the shoulder on one side and his daughter on the other. Kneeling in front of them: Castiel, with one hand of each kid on his shoulders.
Was it love, or just a very special friendship?
" I only had you ..." Castiel continues. " ... And you chased me away... That day, I lost EVERYTHING ", looking up at Dean. "My world fell apart and yours continued ... without me."
Only Sam isn't cut of the same cloth, and that pride that Dean so desperately seeks in his father's eyes, it's there, shining in his younger 's eyes when the two men confront each other.
Because Castiel doesn't know how to silence the unspoken words that cross his orbs.
« Do you know you can buy mosquito nets and sprays ? » Castiel replied casually.
« You are stubborn as a mule with a heart of gold and that’s why I love you»
« What about you, kiddos? »
« For you… » she said as she handed her gift.
" Who was that ? " a sleepy voice mumbled.
Castiel threw the towel on the table and followed him.
« Can you swear it ? »
Castiel latter climbed the fence and jumped on the other side. Pedro handed him the reins.
He suddenly felt an arm around his neck and a hand on his leg.
"I fucking missed you Cass," Dean takes Castiel's face in his hands and rushing to his lips to find the taste of their first kiss.
« If you had to choose between him and me, you wouldn’t hesitate for a second » she sighed.
« We’ll take this one»
« Dean » he put a finger under his chin to make him look up.
« OK Daddy » she ran to the kitchen.
Lisa gently pushed Dean away and felt Chadwick’s cold eyes on her.
« In February » Dean stated. « Sometimes, I feel like it was yesterday or long ago, as if I had lost track of time » he went one.
« All of it? » Dean further asked, suddenly a bit worried.
« Chad…Don’t go back to sleep » his father ordered.
« Yeah, I know… You love him » he let himself down on the pillow.
« We’re gonna have a great time here this week, I can feel it » he said as he sat back behind the wheel.
He closes his eyes, clenches his fists, curses his memories which torment him in this unchanging refrain: "Hello Dean".
Dean's socks are black and white. Castiel's are sky blue. Under the desk, their feet stick together, naturally.
« Exactly » Castiel laughed back.
« Never mind.... Don’t you worry, it’s nothing but my head, after all » Dean started to laugh and stood up too.
"Dean," which sounds like a - you shouldn't have -.
Jewel laughed as it was getting worse than before.
« I would even say crap» Dean went on, winking at Madison.
He woke up before everybody else. He had been sitting in the living room for more than an hour when the others came down, their faces still sleepy, yet their eyes filled with happy anticipation, knowing what was coming.
« Storm will be perfect for you »
The torture was just beginning.
« That’s why you’re so upset ? You’re jealous of Cass ? » he ran his hand through his hair and laughed.
Bobby exhales noisily before grabbing him by the collar to straighten him up.
+1 418-809-3383
« Because he isn’t born yet, Pumpkin... We’ll install him in the crib on Christmas’ Eve »
« Nothing » he said, leaving the room.
"Use your imagination, kitten ... Let go ... Don’t try to understand ... Imagine" He closed his eyes and threw his arms emphatically.
« Deanie....Sit down. You wanted to know, I’m gonna tell ya »
« Why did you think about our first encounter ? »
« Why should I ? Apache and I are on the same wavelength.»
“Alright... Just let me know if you feel you can’t come... I’ll ask Brad to do extra work if it’s necessary... He’d be quite pleased, actually...”
« SHUT UP ! » Dean shouted, about to leave to room, submerged by anger.
« Remember, tonight you’ll be on vacation for two weeks.. You’ll have plenty of time to rest at last » Castiel went on, grabbing the plate filled with pancakes. « C’mon » he winked and gently poked him on the arm.
“You’re welcome... You’ll see... Once you get to know him a little better... He’s an awesome guy... And he seems to the only one who’s not aware of that.” He gave Castiel a knowing wink, and a smile full of affection.
« C’mon… Breakfast is ready. We’re waiting for you »
"Bullshit .... Come here" Dean forces Castiel to follow him and places him in front of a new mirror.
Dean pulled her against him and gave her a big kiss.
Castiel frowned as he saw the same distress in his friend’s eyes as in the little girl’s.
« No, Dean, that’s all. Thanks » Dean was surprised by the gentle tone of his voice.
" He’s my second chance, do you understand ? "
But he didn’t wanna lose Castiel, he couldn’t live without him, the mere thought of losing him was intolerable.
« OK » the boy sighed.
« I can’t see what it is » Dean said, slumping back in the couch, one hand on the head rest and the other on the armrest.
The most beautiful of rewards
Was it enough to have shared kisses, to love him in secret, to talk about a couple?
"I don’t want you to suffer because of me"
He was a foot taller then Jo, and so he was as tall as Dean: he was wearing a pair of jeans with more holes than Swiss cheese and a abominable electric blue shirt... his hair was so black that his complexion seemed even paler...
" What the hell are you doing here ? " he turned around, all smiles.
Castiel freezes.
" Go on, Batman Dad " Jewel shouted, clapping her little gloves to encourage her father.
Castiel hesitates and then slowly raises his, which Dean quickly squeezes.
« C’mon, you haven’t changed a bit.» Bobby casually said.« Still a bad dancer and a bad looser»
First of all, I would like to thank you for your patience., as i promised you, here is the next chapter of this story.
“I’m sick of this… Let’s get out of here, it’s been three hours and nothing’s going on.”
Dean was preparing a pasta meal and Castiel stopped short. He wasn’t supposed to be home yet.
« I’ve spent a great evening » she said, in a half-lie. « You have a wonderful family » she looked inward.
« Tell him the truth »
« Here, take this… » he took the cream, put it aside and handed her the wooden board with the apples slices.
« Are you attracted to him?» he felt his heart beating faster as the question popped out of his mouth. He tried to make eye contact.
« Good night, Chad »
He cleared his throat.
“It’s Balty’s ways ... He is impulsive, direct ... He never calculates anything, let alone when it comes to sex"
« Hello Jo »
He stepped into the house, wearing the tree foot.
Karen sees fear on his gentle face. She's read his file. She knows he doesn't have any allergies. She encourages him with a vague hand movement to drink his chocolate.
And then, there was Castiel… Almost ten years of a friendship he’d ever thought possible at first…
« It’s performed very quickly… We could do this with nitrogen but we’d need to get the horses to sleep and Bryan refuses to take that risk, even the operation’s rather safe. Besides, it’s more expensive »
« Yes, but... »
He had planned a little ride the day after, if everything ran as smoothly as expected...
« Dean ? »
Dean answered by looking at him with a look filled with tenderness for the celestial being who loved the human he was… He leaned in on the lips of his angel for another kiss, this one deeper, to taste the other. Taste the desperate love…
« You’re welcome, Son… you know I’m pleased to help » he tapped his shoulder. « So, what shall I do ? »
« Thank you, sweetie.» He smiled as he was adjusting the sleeves of his black leather jacket.
« You haven’t told jack! » he threw his bottle in the bin.
“Goodbye, Gaby... And thank you.”
« Tessa my beloved… I need you right now… Please help… I’m lost… completely lost… everything was so simple when you were there… I miss you » he pressed his forehead against the fridge.
A shadow that's eating me up and kills me.
« Thanks »
« So what? That’s the truth… I was riding a different kind of horse… And I can guarantee that it was worth all the rodeos in the world » he said, with a blissful smile, his head resting on his hands, elbows on the table.
"Let’s say you’ll discuss this with the kids ..."
Dean felt his heart beating faster and reluctantly stepped one step back.
He felt as if it was bringing him luck. It was part of him.
Zeke started to laugh at an explanation from Castiel who started to blush a little.
« Dad… Can I give him a hug ? »
Castiel read the message and smiled.
To Chadwick, to Jewel...
Vin reappeared and Dean couldn’t help laughing.
You refused to take off your trench by pointing out the grease on the backrest of the next chair.
One good lick and Balty’s hair were messed up.
Leaning on the cooker, with Castiel by his side, he watched the children sorting and devoring the treats, fighting over them in a gentle way.
I haven't heard from you for weeks. I know you're going badly but I keep driving straight ahead. I can't ...
« Yes, Chad, he’s fine. He just had several very busy weeks lately » she extended a hand and patted his nose with her finger. The boy forced himself to smile although he looked worried.
When they were kids, Dean and Jo used to lock themselves in and imagine worlds full of winged red-eye monsters and dark-winged angels, space pirates and amazons. Jo had always been what they could call a tomboy, she loved to share a weird world of adventures with Dean, casting aside her dolls and sewing games. Sometimes, Steven, the Mc Evroys’ son, was joining them upstairs.
They ate in silence. Castiel didn’t eat at all, drinking nothing but a coffee.
« This is Chadwick ».
Castiel pulled out his phone and looked up the list of names...DEAN...
Dean came back… They stared at each other for a long time… Castiel on the bed, and Dean standing in the doorway.
Besides, how do you ask the man who shared your existence for more than ten years, who became the very foundation of your family for more than two years to give up his seat to someone else? Dean didn’t even know whether he felt like asking Castiel to do just that.
« May I have a soda first ? »
“I had dinner there with Kevin last week... Blimey! The waiter is a hottie!”
A man was sitting in the armchair with his back to the door. He stood up and turned around.
Ten minutes later, Chadwick came out … Dean straightened, amazed by the transformation of his son. He felt so proud and couldn’t take his eyes of him. He was tall and well-built for a boy his age.
« I won… Dammit, I won ! » he said, raising his chin, he was all smiles. « My ass hurts !! I’m not even sure I can get back up on my feet… But I won ! »
« Hello » His put on a polite smile on his lips and shook her hand.
« Morning, Dad » Chad said with a smile. « Is everything all right? ».
" See you tomorrow, Chad " Castiel gave him a smile.
“Alright. As you want.”
" Do you remember when you had a fight with Castiel, you know, because of that Zeke "
At 2 p.m., he hadn’t manage to do some good on the uncooperative engines and decided to go back home, with a knot in his belly.
« You’re welcome, son » he finally said, hugging him tight, closing his eyes, tenderly patting him on the back.
« I can’t find my grey shirt » Castiel frowned.
« Give me some time to clean up this mess and I’ll accompany you while the pie is in the oven, ok? »
« A Christmas tree with no decoration isn’t a Christmas tree » he replied with a wink. « I had to deal with what was left in the shop, but that’ll do » he added, dropping the bag on the floor and handing the box to Chadwick.
“Was.” Dean whispered.
And Castiel gives up, a fine smile on the corner of the lips.
He would then let them run freely during a little less than an hour before walking them all back to their respective owners.
« Exactly indeed» Jo smiled at him. « If you ever had to fall in love with a man, he was meant to be the one » she kissed him on the cheek and left without another word, leaving Dean swimming in a sea of doubts, but also gaining a certainty… This evidence he was now unable to deny.
“Castiel said to wait for him and not be seen.”
With no emotion on his face, his eyes staring at the garage entrance, he listened to Castiel’s voice confess one last time he loved him before silencing this secret love, impossible between them.
The next day, Dean decided to put his plan into action. He firmly holds Castiel at the end of the last class of the morning. When all the students are out, he gets up and double-closes the door.
" Because ! " his voice turned a bit harder.
« I’ll join you in five minutes »
“There’s nothing to forgive since you love me as well.” He smiled and turned his face to look at the other.
"The question is no longer there," Castiel answers, healing his right hand. "Let's just try not to miss the next ones."
"Shut up, Cass," pulling on his hand.
His friend is unable to lie, and Dean doesn't want to see his fragile illusions broken.
End of chapter
Dean has lots of friends.
Dean couldn’t figure out why they were considered as a couple, as he didn’t see Castiel as gay, because he found their relationship so normal.
“Very well, Cass... I think it’s time to start with the lessons... Gay relationships for dummies.”
She ran out without further ado.
Some would say he has grown up. In fact, he just learned.
« One year only... But still, it seems he inherited the beauty of our mother and the brains of our father... I’m the generous older brother who left everything to the youngest » he said pushing back his hat.
He stood there, thinking about what he’d just heard, again and again until Chad came back with an innocent look.
But Dean doesn't break all ties with his best friend for life. They continue to study together several evenings a week, sharing their breaks and silences, even if these are heavier than yesterday's.
« Thanks… thanks for being there for me »
They laughed out loud some more and then they started to clean the table.
They had managed to put him off God ... he started to live again when he was admitted to College and discovered the informatics ... He finally opened his mind to the outside world and walked away from his parents and their closed and stifling universe that he couldn’t stand anymore. He valued his freedom too much, as a teenager.
Today he was wondering how to introduce a new piece in his family puzzle.
« I know, but.. » Castiel casually cut a piece of chicken. « It’s too soon yet » he smiled back at Dean.
« I’m sorry, Bobby.... I’m exhausted, I’d had one hell of a week and this story with Lisa and all the rest… It’s all getting on my nerves »
" Can i have a pluchie ? " he askes them, disappointed and Dean gives in.
Eventually, Dean looked away.
And so Madison soon became his confidante via text messages...
« Screw you » Dean shouted as he left the kitchen. « No way I’m gonna get fucked in the bush.”
" It's hurt ? ", Dean seems surprised.
« I don’t know… just a hunch. Have you ever thought of it ? » He seemed genuinely surprised by Balty’s reaction, as the latter had never thought of that option.
Know that she will translate the last chapters as soon as she returns and a few days of rest.
« What are you thinking about ? »
Dean watched him walk the steps and sighed. Castiel had been a lot quieter lately. Dean was about to burst out and thought he owed Bobby a lot for inviting them for the week-end... He looked at the far away hills and promised himself he would go to the top the next day, to clear his head. He needed it.
« I wanted to be sure » Dean felt a bit irritated and also uncomfortable because of Balty’s tone.
Dean nodded.
He took a sip of his cold coffee and peaked at his watch. He had taken the afternoon off and in half an hour, he would go and pick up the kids. Jo would join them at the school gate.
« Just do as we said » he winked at her.
"That's why they call it ...private..., Believe it or not !," Dean retorts. "And I'm telling you for the last time, I didn't do anything... He took off, period "
« I guess this makes us an official couple now ? » Dean laughed, mocking a bit, but most of all afraid of what this entailed.
Castiel finally patted him on the back and pulled away. They were staring at each other.
Vin gave Jo a sideways glance.
He couldn’t tell if he was begging him to let him go, fearing to ruin their friendship, or if he was pleading for more… Probably both.
It was surprisingly, Castiel who commented.
He was about to leave the room yet Dean went on.
"Cass, you okay?", he askes backing away while holding his shoulders.
"Please", rolling his eyes. "Stop with these stupid excuse, only you can still believe in it".
When he woke up the next morning, his face buried in his lover’s neck, Dean knew he had found what he had been looking for.
He looked at Castiel… There he was… This man who loved him without expectation, this man who had taken such an important place in their lives… in his life.
« Aren’t you going to say hello, Jewel ? » Dean admonested her.
« So what ? » the old man replied, moaning.
« He’s hot as hell »
Dean suddenly started to shudder. There was a brief silence.
« I’m fine, Dean... So stop worrying about me »
« And ? » Franck poured himself a cup of coffee.
" I wanted to see you "
Dean watched him walk to the house and slowly climb the steps. Bobby was also watching the boy and saw the contained anger in his eyes. He nibbled his lip. This family was losing its way and he made the wish that they would enjoy the week-end together and find themselves again.
Castiel suspected Balty had planned everything in advance even though the latter denied, claiming it was Bryan’s idea and that he had nothing to do with it.
« Sure, he is… He’s taking care of Jewel. She wanted to finish a puzzle… He’s got a lot more patience than me for this kind of stuff »
“He is... Well, he is...”
« Yeah, sure, I’m a monster, everybody knows that. » he said tousling his daughter’s hair.
« Can I go for a ride on my bike ?»
The kids had broken their money bank to buy 2 bowls.
« What is that supposed to mean ? That I’m too stupid to plant four pegs?»
He sighed… Whatever.
Castiel sunk into the armchair.
Dean drowned in the big blue...
« Dean ... Pull the reins! » Castiel shouted.
« Don’t worry… You’re a fan a movie with mummies, you’re gonna love this »
« Why don’t you come over next week-end ? To take your mind off things… »
"Why don’t you let the others try it too, you faggots!" once masculine voice said.
He discreetly watched as Jo took Dean’s hand in hers and squeezed it gently. He smiled, feeling a bit sad and let go to answer his daughter’s call for help.
He stays next to Castiel who hasn't said a word the whole break, except a muffled hello to this Lisa who didn't seem to take any offence.
Bobby went back to his pans.
Castiel joined him without a word.
« Dean ! » she hit his arm with her fist.
He sat on the couch, Jewel sat close to him. Dean and his son sat on the floor. Castiel looked at them and wondered which was actually the real kid.
Dean felt a big lump in his throat and drank the rest of his beer in one single gulp.
That night, he waited for Castiel, sitting in the armchair. As hours passed, he felt more and more tensed… He was beginning to worry… he was getting impatient… And most of all, he was beginning to cogitate...
He wipes his mouth from the cuff of his shirt in a rage, and that gesture kills Castiel.
He’d rather be with them… With him... His place was there, not here.
"I do not know to dance" he wanted to flee but Dean grabbed him by the shirt.
He looked at Castiel jumping on his own horse and ride next to him. This was the moment Dean noticed the children were staring at them.
« What took you so long? » He smiled at her and nodded at the empty space on his right, inviting her to sit next to him.
" What do you mean, like before? " Dean asked, raising his head, unable to get where his son was heading.
« What about ear tags ? Or electronic chips ? » Castiel suggested.
« I’m happy to see you »
« What, men ? Well, yes, I mean no, It’s just… You are… I mean... » Franck couldn’t fnd the words.
“I understand...” Castiel smiled.
« Are you sure you’re gonna be OK ? »
He gave Dean a reassuring glance and left the room.
« It’s in my room, if you want it… » there was a fake expression of embarrassment on his face.
Love you
« Why is that so important for you ? »
« I know » Madison started to laugh.
He peeked his watch... 23 :30...
After a brief moment of silence, Jo leaned her head on his shoulder.
He heard Dean sniffle and gently pushed him away. The emotions were back in control again. He had to, there was no time to fall to pieces… not now...
"Who knows he wants to come and live here? " Dean attacks him.
« 2 or 3 ? »
« Don’t try to fool me Dean, OK ? »
« Jo » he tried to call her as she was leaving the kitchen. His voice almost sounded like a cry for help. She stopped but didn’t come back. She knew that Dean wouldn’t talk to her face to face.
Together, as a family.
" Is that a good sign or not ? "
If it had been human, it would have told him a few home truths!
“Love chooses its time, not its target.”
« Tell him  “Thanks”  » Castiel said in a sweet tone, staring at Dean’s eyes, a soft smile on his lips.
If Lisa hadn’t showed up in his life, he would have been suspicious of something quite different.
"Nothing... I've just got my priorities straightened out, that's all."
«Thanks, pumpkin.»
« Thanks » he was all smiles.
" Dad' ? " Chadwick finally called, joining him.
There was a scream in the middle of the night ... Castiel rushed out of his tent, with shaggy hair and a wrinkled face. The dog was standing straight in front of the Winchesters tent, growling.
There was a long, heavy silence.
« Go ahead… all he needs now is to see a familiar face » she said as she gently guided him towards the room.
He was nibbling his lower lip as he discreetly held his hand next to his pocket.
" By the way… " Castiel stopped at the door.
« Not me » Dean was now laughing, raising an eyebrow. « Holy shit, not me, for sure » he turned to his meal preparation again. « If it hadn’t been for him, I’d never… » Dean suddenly stopped talking.
Marissa joined her. He let out a sigh.
« Holy shit, Cass » pushing his head back, totally blown away.
Dean finally pushed him away with no gentleness, a wild shining in his eyes, and out of breath.
« You know, love also involved exploring...Nothing forces you to act immediately… There are so many ways to show your love each other… to learn to comprehend the unknown… Kisses, first soft then more profound… Gentle caresses, exploring the other’s body… then the more intimate ones… all this is done naturally, you’ll see… you’ll be surprised. All the rest is pure instinct. Listen to your body, Dean… It will tell you when to stop way before it’s too late. I’m sure you Cass loves you enough to give you time to breathe and understand»
Dean turned and looked at him, with sparkles in his eyes... Castiel couldn’t help smiling too. He hadn’t seen him glowing for a long time, he looked restful… This alone and the kids’ joy was a good enough reason to come... Everything else seemed so far away at this point. They were his present… He was his past.
« My poor Dean! The worst is you’re unable to admit the truth even when you’re looking at it» she almost chocked, about to cry. « I’ve spent so many months listening to you, breathing the same air, watching you live and not once have I ever had the feeling I belonged in this family... There’s no place for an additional person in here »
« Cass » he pleaded as he was just a few neck lengths away from him.
« OH SHIT » Dean shouted, raising up. « Lisa... She’s been trying to reach me for the last two days. Dammit! With all that damn work... »
Castiel alternately listened both conversations, without actually joining.
Mark passed by, touching the border of his hat to salute them and rode ahead.
« I’ll tell you what the caveman thinks ! »
« Isn’t he gifted ? » She was all smiles and sat back, holding the painting in front of her. « It feels like the man is about to walk out of the frame »
« How much longer will he be out ? »
The children bursted in the kitchen, all dressed up in their winter clothes.
« What do you mean? » Castiel was perplexed.
« I thought you were exhausted ? » he asked, turning towards him.
They soon had finished the chest, only the head was missing.
« I just don’t know what’s involved to keep a pet, that’s all… Here you go, sweetie» he went on, handing the plate to Jewel.
Dean stared at him for a while and his lips began to tremble...
« Ok, let’s light it and see how your masterpiece looks like » Dean teased them.
« About what ? Your breaking or Dean’s? »
"Help yourself." as he started to prepare the bill.
« Lisa » Dean whispered.
« Hi » the boy nodded.
« She’s making his life a living hell, but… he confessed that it’s only two weeks every year and that he can make an effort » he finished his coffee.
« Daaaaaad! ».
He was speaking openly about his children and his family, the same way he was mentioning Balty and his work. Yet when the conversation came to Castiel – and it often did – the tone in his voice was changing… as well as his attitude. He seemed more nervous, less self-assured.
« Would you be razzing me, by any chance? »
Tonight, the year ends and another begins.
« Dammit. I’ve never talked about myself like this in ages, I don’t recognize myself » he heaved a long sigh. « It’s so complicated »
At the lack of the reaction, Dean ends up raising his head. A rustle of a wing, Castiel has disappeared and the emptiness that Dean feels at this very moment is infinite ...
Dean drank the rest of his cup and stood up, letting out a long sigh...
"He accepted my apology after thanking me for opening my door the day his parents closed theirs on him... He's an amazing guy, Dean, and no words will ever excuse my attitude that day... It was petty, homophobic and disgusting... He didn't deserve that, you didn't deserve it... I'm sorry, son... I'm so sorry for all the hurt I did to you. "
« So what ? »
« Is it Jo ? »
The children left without a word or a look at him.
« You should’ve seen your faces » he fell down again on his bed, laughing out loud. « That was great ! »
" Because it’s… complicated " Dean finally admitted, looking down.
End chapter IV
« I mean… I agree. »
Dean felt Castiel’s hands grabbing his, trying to set his face free.
Castiel smiled, aware of his friend’s embarrassment... Dean… and his everlasting personal space, he sighed.
« I might as well roll if all over my body. These bitches love me… »
« I ain’t gonna mess around. I’ll let a fox into the henhouse »
Dean looked at Castiel… and saw a bit of apprehension in his eyes… Castiel let a discreet smile stretch his lips.
« I don’t know, Sweetie » he replied with a hoarse voice.
One beer and two hours later, he was fast asleep on the couch, snoring like a baby, the dog sleeping at his feet.
Nobody was allowed in his appartment without permission, not that he had many visitors anyway.
« Can I confirm it, then ? »
His ordinary family.
" Like… when Mom was still with us"
« I’m starving…Who wants a hot dog ? » Dean was all smiles. « Don’t answer me all at once ! » he added, a bit dismayed.
« Hi, big boy » Dean suddenly felt naked in front of his son.
Despite what Dean had feared, the children had enjoyed the visit a lot. They kept talking about " Grief " and " Love You " and " pussy " on the back seat of the Impala.
« As soon as I’m done with these » Dean pointed the chicken.
« Sorry Honey, but in this house… Don’t get me wrong» he put a reassuring hand on his arm.
End of the chapter
« Oh Lord… have mercy on us all » Dean said, raising his eyes and walking out the living room.
Jewel didn’t hesitate for long: she ran up the stairs to disappear from their sight.
" How would you know ? "
“We can’t burry him too deep, so he can get out.”
She walked toward him, put her hand on his waist and kissed him.
The man, who appeared to be full of muscles, walked towards them. Castiel recognized him at once. The latter had looked daggers at him when he was speaking with Greg about Dean, the children and Balty. Castiel had stared at him, which had forced the other one to lower his eyes.
On the fifth floor, they stopped at a video store… Chadwick wanted to buy the latest version of « Call of Duty ».
Who’d have thought that Dean Winchester, acknowledged macho man, would make friends with a confirmed homosexual, up to the point of living under the same roof ? For sure, life had given him great lessons of tolerance and challenging.
"Fuck you and your bigot bullshit... i'm not in the mood. ", Dean is furious.
« Promise me that if… »
“Having to be around a guy who wants my ass, it pisses me off.” Dean emptied his beer, looking Castiel right in the eyes.
« Oh shit… C’mon Cass, the water is good » Dean was lying of course.
He vaguely remembered that it was necessary to butter the bottom of the pan and spread a layer of flour.
Dean saw Castiel trying to hide the tears behind a big smile.
« You’re shining like a penny. There is no way you’re gonna mess it up.» he said as he grabbed the trench coat, smiling.
" To tell them what ? "
Meg lightened the mood by suddenly collapsing, forehead on the dining room table, crying over her lost unicorn. Everyone had burst out laughing, but Lisa's laughter had frozen on her overly made-up lips.
« Of course, Pumpkin. So, what about that desert ? ‘Cause I’m a little hungry now » he announced, looking at the children and rubbing his belly.
"At first, I asked myself the same questions you did, when you proposed to move under the same roof ... I wondered what people would think, I thought of the children, of the consequences of all this ... I didn’t want to risk losing our friendship because of the consequences of such a decision ... I had just lost Tessa ... Losing you would have been too much to cope with. »
Apache sadly dropped the ball. « Oh C’mon, big balls » and all of a sudden, the dog had managed to seduce his eternal accomplice, Balty.
« Cass, what the hell is this ? » he asked, reaching for the top of the tree that was about 6’5”.
Two cups of coffee and several slices of toasted bread later, they were on their way to the hills, looking down the valley.
« Now we need a hat, a scarf and a broom » Castiel said, a childlike expression on his face.
« Am I wrong ? » She asked, drink the last of her glass.
« I mean… HIV, STD, all that » he sighed.
« Cass » Dean’s voice was nothing but a faint whisper now.
"Yes, sir," Castiel answers, straightening his chin, impassive.
"No, it’s for the Pope " Dean sighed, raising his eyes to heaven.
“I’ll be there tomorrow.”
He drinks to silence the bitterness that screams in this body consumed by regrets.
« No, of course not, Come in » he ran down the stairs.
"He's fine," he answers with no real enthusiasm. "He's... he's very lonely... after all, his life was here... He's got a few friends, but nothing like your band... He's had a few boyfriends too, but they've all gone away. He's concentrating mainly on his studies... Ellen and I do what we can, but we're not... you," he shrugs his shoulders.
« I never thought I’d say it to someone one day »
" Cool. We’ll bring the dessert " she replied, drinking her coffee. " Any preference ? "
Castiel told him what to do, guiding him by example.
« Stop ogling my ass » Castiel said, laughing.
" And you believe I’m going to forget her ? Or replace her? Is that it?"
Dean was aware it wouldn’t be enough. After a brief silence, only disturbed with the cutlery jingle, he finally spoke.
He started to trip over his words miserably and it finally was Ash’s voice that made him tear his gaze away from that blue in which he had dropped anchor.
« I thought I could invite her for dinner next Saturday... So that… so that you can all meet her» Dean finally said, manipulating his cup, feeling nervous.
He was wearing a towel around his waist and his hair was messed up, as usual. He walked to Dean.
So he was determined to cherish moments like this one and treasure them in his heart.
Everyone knows, but they all keep quiet. Castiel would like to shout it out, but he tells himself that if no one talks about it openly, it's because no one really wants to know.
The family gathered around the living room coffee table: the room was filled with laughters, screams, cross talks : and of course, the dog subject came up for discussion one more time.
He hated when Dean was swearing in front of them.
"Of course, I do" Castiel answered, lowering his voice, touched by the kids’ attention.
Dean glanced daggers at Castiel.
« You never call, Bobby » Dean snapped back with an innocent look on his face.
Dean waited for Bobby in the main hall. They found two empty seats in corridor B and tried to settle as comfortably as possible. Dean glanced at the clock on the wall.
He suddenly felt Kevin was watching him.
« And ? »
« You know what? » Madison asked with a large smile, looking at both men standing in front of her.
« He’s not tired. He’s sad because Castiel isn’t here » Jewel words were filled with genuine innocence.
All his friends are here except Castiel.
Castiel gets up and approaches him.
« I love you, Cass.... You’re so unique, trust me » he said, joining the children.
He had discussed the issue with Jo beforehand, because he suspected that she might have found it hard to accept his choice; after all she was family and logically the custody should have been entrusted to her. Nevertheless, she surprisingly found Dean’s choice wiser. She loved her niece and nephew a lot but she felt she would be unable to take care of their education ... Castiel had seen them grow and he had been raisingthem for almost two years ...
First of the year. First of nothing.
« Yes, Cass, alone… » He looked away. « I need some time… Just a little bit more time» he added with a little smirk.
As she saw him staring at his coffee, lost in his thoughts, she smiled, thinking that she wouldn’t have to wait for too long anymore.
A hand which brushes against another with incertitude, and two fingers which cross, suspended.
« No kidding » he snapped back, observing the kitchen resembling a battlefield.
« Yes »
" Are you sure? " Dean seemed worried though.
« You like it ? »
« What? Old firemen trucks ? »
Hope you gonna like this chapter.
They heard a snap. Dean and Bobby looked at the door. Chadwick was standing there.
Dean leaned harder against him, feeling Castiel was slowly letting go.
« He’s right, you know » Lisa was laughing
« Ready, Sweetie ? »
He was actually sending HER the message from the men’s room that night.
« So, I’m ready to hear those lamentations » she raised the other hand under her chin and stared at Castiel who kept his hands under the table and his eyes down.
He threw the ball and wanted to go for a run-up. Bad luck. All the climbing up and down the bank had transformed the place into a mud pool and …
« Where is he ? »
Sam turns around to face his father, standing in the kitchen doorway, before dumping him to go to his own room.
« Sonafabitch !» he turned around and threw the plastic bucket at him...
« What about yesterday ? »
“Thanks,” Dean replied, wiping his hands covered in grease.
" Shut up ! Go grab a coffee and you better be there when I come back " He said, staring at him in the eye.
« Yeaaaaaaah ! » Jewel was already running back to the house.
"I see that " He grabs the tie, in front of a suddenly dubious Castiel.
« But we’ll be at Uncle Bobby’s place ! »
"Okay ... Settled, then."
Castiel’s blue eyes plunged deep into Dean’s green ones and he felt overwhelmed by what he saw.
Sam leans on the doorframe, two cups of coffee in his hands. He sees his elder, fingers clenched on the manuscript, Castiel who ties them in his and rests his chin lightly on the hunter's shoulder.
John doesn't drink anymore, but he's no more present or chatty.
Castiel put his free hand on Dean’s chest and gently pushed him a little. Dean shivered.
" Chiiiicken ! " he went on prattling, Chadwick and Jewel on his heels.
« Dammit… These kids, would you listen to this ?! » he stood up and threw the bread on the plate.
" I’m free tomorrow, lunch time "
"I don’t understand any of it." Chadwick dropped, looking more bored than anything else.
« I’m sorry, Cass »
"I said maybe we could invite Cass," he goes to the kitchen.
« Thaaaaanks » she shouted as she ran back in the fitting room.
" That day, when you told me not to let them dictate my life, I took your advice... I couldn't live in denial anymore. I've never been attracted to girls... I've only ever loved you."
" Nothing... " Bryan kissed his lover on the forehead. " But now, I don’t feel like sleeping anymore " he said with shining eyes.
« I… So am I » he finally said, extending a weak hand to shake hers.
« That’s why I need you. I’m lost, Balty » Dean said, setting himself free from Balty’s grasp. « I’m crazy about him but I can’t go all the way » he confessed, turning around to take care of the bread.
" Cass "
« Thanks » Dean said as he swallowed the first bite.
Chadwick entrusted Castiel with his gift, already wrapped up. Jewel gave him her own gift too.
Once Dean crosses the threshold of the family home, he loses some of that innocence found in the school benches. He becomes again the responsible adult he shouldn't be at this age. Since Bobby and Ellen moved to the next town, he's the only one looking after his youngest brother. Nine-year-old Sam, his pride and joy.
« You should have done that at her place !» Balty looked daggers at him, using the plate as a potential weapon.
Dean didn’t reply and looked at Castiel. His silence was as eloquent as an answer.
"Huh? " he paused the conversation.
He remained there, motionless, stooped, looking at nothing in particular.
« I had no fucking idea, I was only joking...I never thought I’d be right» Kevin started to laugh.
« I could throw them in the public park bin, if you want to. »
The door opened and the old man stepped out to greet them.
" Would you like to watch a good old John Wayne movie ? " he said with a smile.
Castiel would smile, once more, and tell him it was all right, although each fiber in his body was screaming otherwise.
The children gave their father a kiss and walked out of the kitchen without saying another word. At the last moment, Chadwick turned to his father.
« Go and watch that bloody play if that’s what you want...I’ll take care of the kids... Anyway, I’m so tired these days that all I can do is to collapse on the couch at night »
« Chad? »
The latter let his tongue caress Dean’s lips and after a few seconds of hesitation, Dean finally let Castiel take the lead.
"Nothing that concerns you", noticing, surprised, that he rolled up the sleeves of his shirt. He unrolls them immediately.
« What time is it ? »
« I just wonder how much time this jerk will be able to keep going like this before he realized.» He frowned.
She had called and left several messages on his voice mail. Nevertheless, as she hadn’t got any response by Thursday, she decided to go to his place uninvited.
All eyes turned to the stable… An old man came out.
You open your eyes and look at me with this infinite love that drives me nuts.
« What a mess ! » he stroked his hair.
Dean grumbled in his sleep which woke Castiel up. He noticed his hand has slided during the night and resumed its initial position, right on his hip.
Dean finally stroked Wink’s neck. Castiel smiled, then he looked down, his heart suddenly filled with a wave of sadness...
But this warmth, this smell, this deep and cold voice at the same time.
« What did you just say ? » Dean startled, recalling the words of his son.
He had his first homosexual experience which reinforced his idea that he is bi, as Benny had tried to make him understand for years.
« He went through some difficult times lately. I think his aborted romance with Lisa was the last straw »
« Er.. .The one with the emblem in the back ?» Dean felt a bit embarrassed.
Dean began to look all around him.
Dean observed Castiel who seemed relaxed, at peace with himself, feeling one with his mount… There was a smile on his face. Dean saw his good old Castiel again, the one before the aggression.
Castiel felt his heart clench.
"What makes you laugh? "
“You’re gonna end up with a stiff neck, and maybe it’s not even the same guy who’s gonna serve us,” Kevin grumbled.
«... Or as a place of debauchery » Mark added with a smirk.
« You... » he looked down.
She knew all about him and Dean. He suddenly thought about Balty who didn’t know anything about it yet, and this left a sense of guilt, as the man had been his companion for a long time. More than once, he had hesitated to call him, but he had promised Dean not to disclose their relation to their inner circle friends...
For the first time since that particular Thursday, Dean dreamed of the kiss between him and Castiel, but, unlike what had actually happened, what he dreamed of wasn’t chaste at all anymore.
« Sorry I’m late, Chad» His voice was blank.
At the last word, he sees Castiel rushs to his mouth, taking his face between his hand. Dean's heart's missing a beat.
« CAAAASS...»
« OK » she ran, Apache on her heels.
« Yes Dean ? »
A hand reaches out to him, entering his vision. He takes all his courage and raises his hand to hold it.
« Castiel » He looked deep into his eyes. « You’re not gonna leave, right? » he begged.
« I… I… » He felt himself staggering.
« Dean ...You shouldn’t if you don’t... » Dean kissed the palm of his hand to make him keep silent.
From then on, nobody ever walked in the house barefoot again.
« Chad, close the door. It’s freezing in here » Dean asked.
"It’s very generous of you" Dean was laughing.
« Dean » he started as he slowly walked in.
« Who’s that guy? One of your lovers? » He asked Balty.
« It’s very simple, Dean… It’s up to you now»
When he hung up, Balty turned to Bryan, dozing off next to him.
Sam tried to catch up but Dean struck him in the stomach, knocking the wind out of him.
« What the hell ! » Dean said, letting go of the trench coat. « Do as you like. After all, you’re a big boy. »
« Hi Pumpkin. Did you finish this puzzle ? »
« See you later» they exchanged a quick kiss.
« Why did you stay with him ? »
"Look, to sugar the pill, I offer one of these to each one of you. Just pick one. It’s on the house ..." he took a box out from under his desk; it was filled with bandanas.
“Good idea... Lay the table... I get dressed and I’ll make them.”
« Yeah... Maybe... I’ll think about it »
He had to ascertain whether he was able to touch another man’s body… another man’s sex… another sex than his own.
He patted the animal’s head with one hand, his head resting on the other one.
"The girls will love it"
« Actually, you missed the whole fleet, honey » Balty retorted with a wicked smile.
Sam called them this morning. He's already in the place and waiting for them.
Castiel frowned.
« I don’t know about you, but I’m starving»
"Think for a moment ... What color does greif remind you of? "
" Forget it" he replies, indicating the bar. " There, I really need a little pick-me-up "
An old woman in black whom no one noticed, invisible to the eyes of the common mortal rested her hand on a young man and disappeared.
« Stay close to the bank, Chad » his father shouted.
Zeke understood that same day that he would have a hard time finding his place in Castiel’s life as it was already filled by Dean and his kids.
Over the years, Dean had been disguised successively as Batman, Lone Ranger, one of the Men in Black and other super heroes... The year before, he had imposed to every member of the family to pick up one of the « Avenger » movie characters.
At the end of the day, they jumped in the lake. Then came the time to head back home, with some regret ...
She pushed him away a little and gave him a big loud kiss on the cheek.
But today, he had to know.
« I thought we could go together but I think Vin would be more than happy to accompany you»
« Go ahead… I’ll get the kids to bed»
« And Castiel ? »
But she would never forget the cold and distant tears he shed when he lost his beloved Tessa.
"No way I'm the only one to make a fool of himself in here."
"A beautiful mustang... Nooooo, you're crazy! " he cries with that smile in his voice that John thought was lost forever.
« You haven’t answered my question yet? »
He rubbed his face with energy and swiftly put on his jeans and sweater.
« I... » Dean dipped his bread in the sugar milk then in the whipped eggs.
The next trial was a barrel race with four checkpoints. Mark demonstrated what they had to do.
" For real ? " Chadwick was all smiles.
That guy is so fucking cute, Dean thought.
« APACHE... Goddammit ! » Dean shouted.
Maybe tomorrow
"Again ? " Sam wonders, tired. "I'd have to think about having it carved in stone ? Dean Winchester agrees with his brother twice in the same day", half ironic, half sad.
Jewel laughed and ran away.
« And clean this mess, RIGHT NOW »
"Are you coming, Jewel? Off we go, sweetie".
He read the note :
The children loved him and even despite his awkwardness with them, he returned that affection tenfold.
« Well well… we’ve known more joyful evenings, right ? » Lisa finally said, standing up and starting to get the plates away.
When they eventually came back home, there was a delicious welcome flavor of apple pie and… cinnamon.
« Don’t be sorry. It was perfect » Castiel told him at once, putting a finger on his lips, underlining their curves.
" Who gives a damn ? It’s all slanting eyes to me " his lips stretched in a sarcastic smile.
"No ... It’s Balty’s way "
It was an embarrassing and weird moment. If he had had the choice, Dean wouldn’t have let go, he enjoyed Castiel’s confused breathing in his neck.
Chadwick was extremely proud and Jewel pouted for not having the same idea.
Castiel was walking Apache in the morning. The kids were running with him in the park after school for about an hour and Dean was walking him before going to bed.
« Which ? The one involving sexual intercourse » she raised the tone of her voice, which Castiel found extremely embarrassing.
« Balty...could we change the subject ? » Dean had obviously reached the limit of their discussion on the subject.
« I… I need to go away »
« It’s so pretty» Jewel was in ecstasy.
He couldn’t deny how much he had missed it lately and even if it still hurt to think about Lisa, he knew their relation was doomed, even if he had wanted to believe it could work. Waking up in the arms of a woman, feeling loved, being able to let go for a while and forget the daily worries… he had to admit it had missed that, the warmth of a body, sharing the things of life… He had felt empty and thought he would fill it in with Lisa. And for a moment, he did...
They spend the rest of the evening, drinking coffee. At some point, Dean stood up. Time to tuck up his kids.
Lisa spent the evening with them. The atmosphere was uncomfortable and it seemed pretty obvious that Castiel’s absence was one of the reasons. Dean had lost his appetite, despite the fact that he usually was rushing on his food. Chadwick and Jewel remained silent, which was just as abnormal.
« Do you want something to drink ? »
« Good night.»
" What about Madison? "
« Dean »
And it was terrifying to him, as the fear he experienced when he clung to this mother’s light, or Tessa’s. He was afraid to end up in the dark again if the light went off...
As Jo had told him, Dean wouldn’t have been the same at all if it had been about Balty ... She even assured him that Dean would never have moved in with him under the same roof ...
« Thank you. »
« Yes, we did… Marissa is gonna put it on a board with John and hang it on her bedroom wall»
" Hello." He sits down and says : "Are you new ? "
« Cattle thieves primarily aim at selling the stolen animals to butchers… The easier the better for them… Branding is the safest and cheapest way… They’re equipped with a chip when they are destined for sale to a private owner or another breeder.»
He winked at Chadwick with a smile and concentrated again on Jewel’s performance.
« Gimme the torch lamp, Chad » Dean ordered.
He ran like hell in front of Dean who lost his balance and fell face down in the snow.
Dean and Castiel were sitting at each end of the table, facing each other, in a friendly collusion as ever and feeling happy to see the whole family reunited.
" I’m all right, Dean ...I’m OK " he reassured.
"I didn't do anything wrong... I was protecting my son," he defends himself.
« I was 6 at the time » Dean snapped back, looking daggers at him and hearing Castiel bursting out laughing.
« How can you make me such a proposal? You know how much I care for you all.»
« On the contrary, Castiel is opening up to someone else than Balty, that’s some news » he replied with a grimace.
« What? » he stared at her wide-eyed « Plan 9 from outer.... a third-rate film? » he looked somehow upset.
" Is it true ? " He answers, sincerely amazed. "I thought you were ...", biting his lip.
« So, are you gonna offer me a coffee or do I have to go to Colombia to get one? » Bobby mumbled.
« Bloody dog !... I’m gonna kill him » he said, raising on his knees, spitting the snow that had filled his mouth.
« Here it is !» Chadwick suddenly exclaimed.
« My apologies for making you miss thirty seconds of this prehistorical masterpiece»
« I’m tired» she pouted.
Chadwick reached out for his mobile and started to film the whole scene.
“Uncle Jimmy promised me to do so if something happened to me...”
“What? Those six guys over there?” he asked, glancing at the table.
« You don’t have to worry, you know... »
Peace and a venerated name ... A body and a heart that surrender.
« Only fools never change their mind » he said with a smirk.
Well, maybe not… he smiled as he recognized Castiel.
« I mean it, Dean... I feel better, you know » he said with a genuine smile. This time, Dean believed him.
« Of course, anyway, they don’t have a choice» Bobby snapped back.
« Apache ! » Castiel sighed.
« It’s a gift from Tessa. »
« See you »
« I enjoyed this week-end… I think we should go camping more often »
« Thanks for everything » he whispered in his ear.
« It was only him and it will always be him and only him. You were the man of one woman. You’ll be the man of one man» Balty went on.
« C’mon » Dean extended a helping hand.
« Cheer up… See you on Monday ? » he said patting on his arm.
" No he’s not, Pumpkin " Dean straightened, looking so tired now, staring at nothing in particular. " It’s my fault, not yours."
« So ? » she grabbed her fork and knife, her eyes glowing as she looked down at her plate.
"Let me go," Dean rebuffs him in a col voice and putting him away.
In the end, wasn’t it what they call love ?
"This work over there is called “Touché, Sinking", he smirked pointing at a statue on his right .
" Good night, Dean "
« Too dark, is that it? »
"What ? "Dean growled.
« Thinking about what ? » Castiel sounded a bit suspicious.
They had left each other as they had found each other ... A look, some unspoken words and that answer that the fallen angel had waited for and that Dean had refused to give it to him.
« You go first » Chadwick said to his sister.
Castiel crosses his hands on his thighs and waits, docile.
Jo was sure that if Castiel had been Balty, things would have been much less easy going for her brother…
He raised his eyes and looked at Chadwick’s eyes, filled with tenderness.
Dean’s eyes followed them.
« I hate these chickens » he said as he was putting his boots on. « Don’t they ever sleep? »
“First of all, I’m not slaughtering that car, I’m grooming it, big difference" he pointed at the vehicle. " Then, gimme a fucking break with my old movies" he added, folding his arms on his chest. "And finally, you’re gonna wait for me right here, and that’s final!"
« All the loves are different, Dean » she cupped his face in her hands. « Tessa won’t be the only love of your life... Besides, that’s most probably something she didn’t want. You have the right to love again» she strengthen her grip. « Allow yourself to be happy, Dean. Give it a chance ».
« She’s nice » Castiel insisted.
On the right, there was a picture of Mary, with a 16-17 year-old Dean and his sister. The time of innocence.
« And what’s the name of the lucky girl ? » the other asked, his eyes filled with curiosity.
They heart footsteps followed by a hesitant click.
The latter accepted at once to work that day, although he refused the extra day in compensation. A beer would do. Dean smiled and apologize for the last minute warning.
" Nothing " Chadwick nodded.
December was approaching fast, bringing the usual festive ambiance along.
" Are you… so ashamed of what happened? " Castiel’s face was distraught.
" You mean so much to me, Cass... I’m scared, you know. ‘Cause I haven’t felt that way since… " Cass felt Dean’s breath on the back of his neck" ... since Tessa " Dean kissed his neck, putting his arms around him and pressing his body against his.
« Promise ? » her eyes were begging.
« Yeah, I know, Babe, but you need to move on » his tone had changed and Castiel understood the allusion, as did Dean, or so he thought he had.
Castiel couldn’t help but laugh. Madison was indeed a fresh breath of air in his life, she was the neutral outsider who made him see things in a different way.
Again thank you for reading my fic, for your kudos... to be there
« You don’t seem shocked to hear you boss has come out » he said with a bit of irony and his eyes filled with worry.
They were broken-hearted when they left the « Black Horse » Dean turned to Castiel.
He opened the door and let his older brother go in first, who then laid Castiel down on the bed.
« No no » the little girl was a bit upset.
« It matters to me that…» she looked at him in the eyes. « Dean... have you ever asked yourself how you really feel about Castiel ? »
Barjy02.
« Good night, Cass » Dean replied, with his back to Castiel, a little smile on his lips.
"What ? " Dean moves back, verging of panic.
He always wore protection with his many lovers… He never did with Castiel…
Castiel had a hard time catching his breath since the nurse had cared for him but he didn’t complain.
Lisa frowned and brushed away a lock of hair.
Dean feels the angel's breath on his neck.
“God… Father… Jesus… I don’t know what to call you… I haven’t talked to you in a long time… Since my mother… I only called ever called for you son, Father… The angel that you placed on my path, the angel that showed me what it was like to be loved and to die from sadness… The angel turned human like those creations, yours, for whom he had so much affection, for whom he sacrificed everything… The angel I love… I ask forgiveness for profaning the sacred walls but I had to tell you… I have to believe that through your voice, he can hear mine… Tell him that I always loved him and that I will always love him… Tell him I was stupid man, too proud of his virility, too proud of his small self to admit out loud all the feeling that have always haunted him… I love your son, Father… And even if you send me to Hell for this blasphemy, I’d like to believe that you will tell him my truth… I’m begging you, Father… Tell him… Tell him Dean loves him, loved him and will love him always.”
« Those bitches were targeting you. Only the females are biting, not the males. »
« Dean ! » Castiel was not happy with Dean’s cursing so much.
"We already had this conversation a thousand times, Dean Winchester ... YOU ARE NOT STUPID!"
" Un jour, peut-être, mon ami. "
But he suddenly froze and remained motionless for a few seconds.
Castiel flailed for a little while, trying to regain his balance at the surface. The Winchesters were laughing out loud.
« What’s happening between Castiel and Zeke? »
« Hello »
« I have… » Castiel painfully raised his hand and exhibited the patient-controlled pump in his left hand.
« Is it a woman or a man ? »
« Thanks » he stepped closed to Dean.
« Nice little guy » Bobby said casually.
« I’ll be waiting for you in corridor B »
The sensation became overwhelming, soft and violent all at once… he loved it, he enjoyed getting lost in his blue eyes, he loved the way his hand was stroking, warm and gifted... He loved the way he was discovering that new part of him.
Castiel closed his eyes and held him tight.
" Looks like lovers " she was staring at the statue.
« Did they … I mean… they… » He had to know the truth, but he was scared to hear the answer.
He closed his eyes, a long while and smiled… He saw him there at his side, head to the side as was his habit.
There was no sound. They were all looking at the precise spot where Castiel had « landed ». He reappeared, a bit shamefaced but when the Winchesters started to laugh real loud, he happily joined them.
« Cass ? ... I didn’t know you could ride. » Dean couldn’t hide his surprise as he looked away from Balty. « You never told me ! »
« I’m not hungry anymore »
(See the end of the chapter for
« Why don’t you ask him to join us ? »
They sat on rocks.
Jewel listened as her school mates listed their father, mother and step parents’ names.
“You don’t need to talk about this, you know... We barely know each other.”
“Yes. Really. Why? Does that surprise you?”
"My conscience is bothering you", Dean replies turning around, furious, with tears in his eyes.
He cried there for a long time… Remembering… He began to hate himself like never before, despite that he had done so in the past to the point of wanting to die.
He should call him just to tell him the only truth that matters ....
" You didn’t answer my question "
« You and Balty are just the same... » he added as he picked up his fork again.
"Dean", Castiel says, nervous.
On the mailbox read :
«....and skirt chaser too » Balty went on, laughing.
« Baltha... » Dean couldn’t hide his surprise as he shook the man’s hand.
« Give him by best wishes »
« Unless you’re coming home too late. I’m dog tired, so I won’t be waiting for long»
He glances at Bobby, whose eyebrows have frowned under the visor of his cap.
« What about you, Dean? How have you been ? »
« Just give me a chance » he extended a hand towards his cheek but was suddenly interrupted when he felt a strong grip on his wrist and his arm being twisted behind his back.
Dean helped Bobby clean the dishes and the kitchen.
« Trust me » he poured her a glass of orange juice.
Jewel’s response came very naturally.
He quickly got the picture of what was going on: Dean was out more often than usual.
He found if hard to tell himself the words and looked down, lost in his thoughts.
« C’mon man, snap out of it. What’s the matter with ya ? You’re such an asshole » he rubbed his hands in the cold.
« You mean the same room ? »
Dean, on the contrary, found it a bit more difficult; shaken on his saddle from one side to the other yet trying to do the best he could not to fall off.
« Dean ! » Castiel called in a low voice, waving at him.
He started to gently stroke the skin with the tip of his thumb and Dean slowly emerged from his slumber.
« Yes. And you must be Jewel? »
Jewel was standing on a chair next to Castiel and started to mix the egg yolk and the cream.
"...and thinking your son was straight," she replied tacitly.
« I know a lot of bad words.» Jewel stated with a smile.
« Cass »
He felt Castiel’s eyes following him… They probably had thought of the same thing at the same time.
« Great… Thanks, Dad »
« That’s nice, little sis’, but I don’t have the machine to read them » he said, a bit embarrassed.
«No hard feelings... » clicking his tongue.
« I’m pretty sure he generously compensates in other areas » she said with a knowing smile, looking at Dean who blushed.
« Here » Dean interrupted, in a hoarse tone.
Dean and Castiel joined Balty who was in a big discussion with a graying man ... Jewel and Chadwick were standing by his side, sipping their soda.
"Dad ..." Chadwick ranted as he looked daggers at his sister
The most beautiful token of love a mother could offer her son.
« That’s not true !» she said with a bit of outrage in her voice.
« DEAN ! » Castiel folded his arms.
Apache’s wet nose on his hand drew him out of his reverie.
Dean smiles and kisses the angel's forehead, dozing against his shoulder.
" You only seek revenge because you were elected the worst rider of the century ! " he said with an angry look.
« Get dressed yourself before giving me lessons…People are waiting »
When he was looking at Castiel, he was seeing more than a friend, more than a family member, he saw the man… all he could see was the man… and it seemed like an insuperable obstacle.
« For leaving you in that mess. Jo’s right. I’m afraid of dogs, that’s why I didn’t want one in the first place. Because of that and also because I knew that I would be on doggy duty.»
« Exactly ».
« I can’t say the words, Cass » He pressed his forehead a bit more against Castiel’s, holding his head in his hands too.
"Cass? "
« I… I’m gonna miss you» he said, finally able to look him in the face.
« I’d like to give you this… a little souvenir » he gave him a DVD.
" Dad ! " Chadwick turned to look at him in the eye.
« Cass !» Dean whispered, pausing the movement of his hand.
« And how do you call this? » he asked looking him in the eye.
"An angel who loves you, you idiot," Sam yells, with a quaver in his voice. "An angel who's gonna end up dead, and you'll never forgive yourself for that... and i'll never forgive you either... I'm tired of burning and burying the people i love, Dean...You hear me...I'M SICK OF IT".
« Are you OK, man ? »
« Wow » Dean dismounted from the pony.
« He went through ... whatever... » Dean’s hand brushed the words away.
He was standing at the table, stealing grated cheese… Black t-shirt, stone-washed jeans, blue checked shirt unbuttoned, leather boots…
He read on Zeke’s face he didn’t know what Dean was talking about, surprisingly, Dean felt relieved and happy about it... Castiel hadn’t said anything to Zeke...
He stood up and jumped on Castiel, put his front paws on his shoulders and rest his head in his neck...
« From what I can see from here, he really looks good » he said with a wry smile.
« Yep, but something’s missing » Dean said, with a faded smile. « I’ll be right back » he stepped out of the room and Castiel’s eyes followed him to the kitchen. A door creaking… he had gone down to the cellar.
« No problem… Make yourself comfortable ».
« You should tell him » she claimed, straightened up on her stool.
"Listen, Dean" Sam starts embarrassed. " For this morning, I'm sor..."
« I dunno » he said in a tired low voice.
« Can we buy him flowers ? »
They remained silent when watching old indian and cowboys movies, Jewel was fascinated by the scenery and Chadwick by the cowboys ... Dean smiled, children will be children, no matter the time period.
« You’re glowing when you talk about them… I find it touching » she took a sip from her cocktail straw.
« We could still be friends? We have plenty in common, we… »
He finally raised his eyes. Franck was looking at him, his face expressionless.
« Go ahead and laugh it up, you morons » He said, dropping his fork in the plate.
Dean's 19. He's pursuing his dream, but he's already warned his father that he won't take over the family business. He's doing an internship at Frank Deveraux's garage. A lout, paranoid and moody man, but an
« ASAP »
« Dean... It’s Halloween » Castiel insisted.
Leaning against the bunker door, Dean raises his eyes to the sky,  gets lost in the absence.
« Coffee? » he proposed, heading to the coffee machine.
« This one would suit you very well » The seller gave him a black « Batson » Stetson.
"I'm not homophobic," he says, outraged. "I welcomed Castiel knowing he was gay. »
« I’ll come in 30 minutes... I just need to drop the kids to school and I’ll be there in no time »
He then sat by Dean’s side, far enough to respect his personal space which was so precious to him, - except when he was with his kids – yet close enough to feel his warmth.
Dean calls the doctor with tears in his eyes.
« Stay back, Sweetie. » he gently pushed Jewel away and she turned a worried face towards her brother.
« May we be excused, Dad ?» Chadwick asked
« But Dad ... I found this so fun » his eyes were lost in his father’s.
« Why do you keep refusing to admit it? What are you afraid of ? To love a man or simply to love again ? » she motioned to the exit door.
« Chad, give a hand here, I’m gonna fetch the rest in the car»
« I’ll finish preparing the meal » Lisa went back to the kitchen : there was an impenetrable expression on her face.
« Try not to let him feel your fear »
« I could never ... »
"They must have found a way to make him bend. ", Benny continued, sadly. "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all," he says, staring at Meg.
It's one of those afternoons as Dean likes them so much. A soft early autumn sun, a light wind, a moment of peace.
« We’ll surely find one for you, John Wyne »
"John? " Bobby scolds.
Jewel woke him up from his reverie.
When the kids were gone, Dean let out Apache so he could run a little in the garden and watched the animal, his arms folded on his chest.
« ‘Welcome... By the way, I’m Mark » he saluted them touching the tip of his hat.
« Careful, sweetie, we musn’t pour everything » he was about to panic.
“What’ll it be, gentlemen?”
« See you, Castiel » she said, planting a quick kiss on his cheek.
"I think Dad is a bit mad at me"
As for the children, they were really excited.
« You’re sure ? » she looked at her brother, a bit suspicious.
« C’mon » he begged, while the dog seemed to take all the time in the world.
He felt the pressure on his arm getting stronger.
« Thanks... Lucky me, indeed !» he pushed his chair away.
" Cass " he slowly walked towards him and spoke in a gentle voice. " I was just kidding man " he put his hands on Castiel’s shoulders, his eyes lost in his lover’s.
« Oooooh! » she reached for them, greedily.
She blushed
Dean looked at him briefly and blushed.
Castiel cupped his lover’s face in his hands.
Jewel didn’t understand.
« I knew it !... » Dean whispered. A smile stretched his lips.
He was covering what was left of the pie with and was about to put it in the fridge when Dean entered the kitchen.
« Yeah» Jewel confirmed.
Dean had never experienced love at first sight... It was like a cold shower followed by a hot flush.
« So… When are you going to introduce me to the love of your life ? »
« Who wants what? » he asked.
He emphasized the words. Dean didn’t react, Castiel was looking daggers.
« Rufus? » the woman asked as she watched the little girl run up the stairs.
Castiel cursed as he didn’t have much choice. All that was left was either Hulk – and to say the truth, he couldn’t imagine himself in the green monster outfit - or Captain America.
« Thanks» Zeke took off his coat. For the first time, Dean looked up at his visitor, one leg crossed on the other, heel on his knee, one hand on his heel.
At the end of the movie, they looked at each other for a long while. Then Dean leaned over and kissed him.
« Dammit ! » he woke up with a start and almost spilled the rest of his beer. Apache jumped on his feet and sighed.
« I guess I hit the jackpot. He’s a sex god, he’s able to cope with my temper and seems to love me for good… What more is there to ask ? » he claimed with a smile, rubbing his hands against each other, perhaps more to hide a certain embarrassment than to get warm.
The assault had brought up many questions, yet it hadn’t changed the way they loved Castiel, quite the opposite ; the ordeal had almost destroyed their family, but today they were closer than ever.
« I... » He leaned on the table and put his hands on his face. « I… I kissed him »
Castiel examined his sleeping bag hoping that Apache hadn’t ruined it during his panic attack.
« Dean » Castiel looked at the lake in front of them and let the tears flow, leaning on his bended leg.
« He didn’t call? » she asked, suddenly worried.
« 150 dollars »
« Yes, Sweetie...» he felt a lump in his throat.
Dean resumed his caresses and kissed the base of his neck and shoulder, completely intoxicated by his fragrance.
« You didn’t wanna hear about it… I thought you’d never understand » he sighed.
« SHUT UP » Castiel suddenly shouted, pushing him away. « SHUT YOUR MOUTH »
« Well, I’d better leave now if I wanna get at my mother’s before dawn » he seemed unable to walk away.
"Stop ruining my food, will ya?”
Dean walked towards him.
Chadwick, on the other hand, waved at him to go away and disappeared under the comforter.
" Kids are fine " he extended a reassuring smile.
He plopped down on the stairs and started to cry, in silence.
« And you, just shut up » he pointed a finger at him, before opening his eyes again.
« Why do you pick up on me?... I didn’t say anything. »
The animal ended up sleeping next to Chadwick and let out a profound sigh. Lisa absentmindedly dropped a popcorn on the ground which the dog hastened to swallow.
Dean's 21. He doesn't care. He hasn't had a birthday in 13 years and he's not getting any worse.
“CAS… SHIT!” Dean threw himself towards Castiel and gently turned him over… His blue eye fixed to the ceiling, lifeless.
He lay on the opposite bed, with his back to his friend, feeling an awkward pang… He closed his eyes. He hadn’t realized yet that a wall in his subconscious was tumbling down...
Obviously, he was upset. Dean noted that Balty seemed to enjoy the situation.
Castiel throws his backpack over his shoulder and buries his hands in his pockets.
Sometimes it hurt Castiel but at the same time he felt so merged with this family that he was ready to do the sacrifice.
" Watch your mouth ... It's full of kids in here ".
« I care about you and … »
« Apache....NO! » Castiel’s voice… Chadwick’s voice mingled with his sister’s.
"No sweetie. Step back. It could hurt you with his antlers. He's scared and might hurt you unintentionally "
" And ? " Dean was waiting for more.
Dean had obeyed in silence.
Dean hailed him from the door frame.
« Nothing » he smiled and rushed to take his lips. When they moved apart, they were breathless.
« Because my family is right here. It’s my home »
Dean walked to the reception. He tried not to show his impatience and remained silent until the nurse hung up the phone.
« We missed you too, you know » the boy said, smiling and holding him tight.
Since that day, Sam had been living with him, sharing his days between the care home and his older brother’s flat.
« That’s what they call Love, Honey. And it’s only the beginning » she sipped her coffee.
« But, a man’s body is so different » Dean managed to confess in a shy whisper.
« Despite what you think, my beautiful stallion, you no longer have secrets for me »
« Keep the dog away ! » Castiel shouted, trying to push him. « NO!!» he pointed his finger at the animal who sit, looking miserable.
« Watch your mouth!» he pointed a threatening finger at him, with a fierce look in his eyes.
“Yes, I know, he’s a guy, and then? Who cares? Since when has loved had a sex?”
« Around noon. I’ll call you to confirm. I still need to speak with Dean about it» he replied in a casual tone.
The only sound in the kitchen was the bread frying in the pan.
« Jewel and I, we are ok with it. »
« What do you think about it? »
Castiel raised his hand to indicate he was all right.
« It was on top of the pile of clothes in the ironing basket. I had no time to go and pick another one, I just took the first one available »
« Hi » Zeke happily said, hitting his boots against the outside wall to get rid of the snow.
He went away, walking with a limp as he kept talking to Wink, threatening it with all evils as the horse only answered by rubbing its head on his shoulder, begging for more hugs.
« Which proved my point ». And he was gone.
“Since I was hetero...” Dean fulminated.
He could feel the tension in Castiel’s body yet acted as if hadn’t noted anything.
“Brad, do me a favour, will you?”
« Yessss » she tried to wink back.
« And you must be Castiel » he said with an everlasting smile.
« Nothing… You two sound like an old married couple, kicking the crap out of each other » He sounded both amused and sad.
"Why is everything so different, Dean?" The angel insists.
« I was thirsty. »
It is at the 8th grade that Dean introduces his official girlfriend, Cassie Robinson to his friends.
Castiel felt Balty’s humor was no longer appreciated by everyone.
Dean straightened by his side, keeping a distance...
Dean’s eyes widened.
“Yeah, yeah… Promise I’ll buy him something nice when he gets back.”
" Apache" the dog didn’t wait for long as the sled was rushing down to him.
He felt sitting, hugging his knees to his chest all the while holding on to the shovel like a safety line to keep himself from losing being overcome by the heart ache.
On the mailbox:
She started to laugh.
Dean checks his fake FBI badge, slips it into the inside pocket of his suit which he adjusts as well as his tie.
Dean called the kids and poured them a glass of alcohol-free Champaign. Jewel was all smiles. Chadwick was pouting.
« But, Dean… why are you so mad about ? I’d like to point out that you are the one always giving in to their whims. » Castiel replied, unable to wipe the scowl off his face.
" Nice to meet you " he said to the man who was smiling with a twinkle in the eye that made Dean understand Jonah was also a lover of Balty’s and thereby probably one of his pillow confidants. Balty was an open book ... He liked to hear himself talk.
You don't let a torn soul get lost by ignoring his silences.
« And ? »
He's an abomination.
« Don’t tell me you ruin a perfect sex night just to invite me for breakfast ? » he said, pouring himself a cup of black liquid.
« Besides, the kids aren’t the only ones who need to learn » Dean added, rubbing the back of his neck, suddenly feeling embarrassed.
« He’s straight, Madi »
Castiel squats in front of the little girl and gives her the Teddy bear.
He chose a plain coffee cup and filled it with the approximate requested quantity of sugar
" I wanted to spend some time with you, just the two of us "
He walked out of the men’s room and put his phone back in his pocket… He had been living in some sort of denial for the last 10 years… He didn’t want to go through that again. He didn’t want anyone else to live that either… Zeke deserved better.
In the pleasure, the rebirth...
« I’m Dean, the Miss’s brother »
« Don’t leave me » he said, avoiding Castiel’s eyes.
Jo and Balty watch them live… Amazed by this extraordinary family who met life’s challenges head on, who found true happiness in the simplest things… In being together… being a family.
A huge black Sedan appeared. Dean moves away from the grid he leaned against.
« No... Can we change the subject, please? » he drank his coffee as he kept staring at Jack.
Thanks to him as well…
« ZEKE...NO »
"Shit, Cass”
« The road isn’t that steep and we’ll take our time. If it’s too hard, we’ll turn around... OK? Cass?»
Dean was sweating a lot, he was breathless and tried to let some air in his lungs, his hands resting on his knees.
(See the end of the chapter for
He missed him.
« Chad... I said time’s up »
« Thank you, Madam »
« He understood that this kiss meant he would never be able to love me… I fail to see how that can be significant » Castiel snapped back, looking into emptiness.
"I... I want to see my... son... I have a gift for him... ", he mumbles, rummaging, clumsy, through his leather jacket pocket. " Get out of my way! First, I'm at... at home here. ", he tries to push Bobby away, in vain.
The puppy looked at him, happily swaying his tail and holding a ripped slipper in his mouth.
Sam opens the door, he needs fresh air. That of the bunker is flawed. The evil has been overcome but the monsters remain ... A hunt yes but ...
“Oh, Pumpkin, I’m unforgivable,” he leaned to kiss him but Kevin turned away. “I swear I didn’t mean any harm... I thought that guy was straight… It was for the fun of it.”
"You're kicking me out," Castiel says with an air of inflexible calmness.
« I know, but they taste different when you make them »
Leaning against the Impala's hood, he enjoys his beer, sliding his thumb on the condensation of the bottle.
The End
You ended up following my advice: hamburger, fries, beer.
« Pfft » she pouted « You promised. It’s not fair »
« Let’s get this straight, Zekie »
« Would you give me a fucking break, Jo? » He let out in a whisper, looking away.
« Why what ? »
Jo leaned over and grabbed the note. She read it, folded it and put it in the shirt’s chest pocket.
Jewel was holding her brother by the waist. Chadwick focused the light on his father.
« What is it ? »
« I’m done…. This guy is the ultimate chatterbox… I was about to punch him in the face to make him shut his cakehole»
His parents wanted him to focus on the ones authorized by their spiritual guide and only those ... yet Castiel had cheerfully broken that rule.
« CASS »
To his ordinary family...
The reproaches, the forgiveness... All these words for speaking without saying anything and his silences that reveal without letting anything appear.
« Who? Cass? Tell him what, Jo? That I enjoyed kissing him but I find the idea of having sex with him quite repulsive? » He shouted out in frustration.
« I’m ready to try and be loved by that guy» Castiel said, palming his head in his hands. « I love you, Dean Winchester »
" WHY NOT ?" Chadwick repeated, sounding more aggressive, folding his arms.
« I feel like I’m acting in a remake of some sappy love story » he tried to regain his composure.
"Too what?", Castiel askes, flat hands on his thighs.
Understand it was way too different from living with it from the inside...
“And now I can savor it a second time… You perverted Castiel, you turned him against us… You caused the deaths of my family… I know what your heart refused to show him… Cry for you lost love… Scream your un-confessed love… It is your turn to feel the most painful suffering… The memories… Those of this being who died believing the man he loved hated him, the man he sacrificed everything for.”
« First of all, I don’t know what I really feel for him » he said, looking down at his glass.
« Dean... shit… answer me » he called as he cautiously turned Dean’s body on his back.
" I do believe now that I see you in front of me " he took the picture from his hands and put it on the desk.
He looked at his son. Chadwick was staring his plate in silence. A very eloquent silence.
"What are you gonna do?" Charlie asks, blowing on a lock of hair.
Bobby watched him from the entrance hall. Jewel had stayed with Tessa. He had bumped into Chadwick who was heading straight to the hills, the wind whipping against his hair.
All the guests are in the garden, bundled up in their coats to escape the bite of the icy January wind.
He snatched his phone out and called him because he needed to hear hm… He missed his voice. He missed him.
"Me ! " Castiel panicked and stepped backwards .
« No... It’s just… a pity. »
He guided them in front of a blackboard with several red lines.
Jewel felt like crying, as every year since she was of age to understand Castiel wouldn’t be spending the holidays with them.
« Hold it there. I’m not letting them do whatever they want. »
« Yeah, you’re right. I will remind you, trust me » he leaned back in his chair.
« If you had been there last Sunday, you’d know I’m right. What hurts me most is that I probably screwed it all. I should have made Dean become aware Lisa isn’t the one for him… I should have told him everything regarding Castiel… I should have told him everything»
" What ? " Dean throws back.
Chadwick had already jumped in the water, screaming like a fool and laughing because of the temperature shock.
« Dean »
"It means you and Cass... It means a never-ending exchange of silent glances and me being the third whell like an idiot... It means the guy who answers your calls at the first ring of a bell, whereas for him to answer mine, I have to ring a whole chime except, of course, if it's about you, " with a hint of irony." That means that..."
Dean looked at him with tenderness.
« What if she doesn’t like us? » Jewel said.
« Oh yes ! » her tone was enthusiast.
« See you tomorrow, Cass » Dean smiled a faded smile. « Have a nice evening » he tapped on his arm with affection and squeezed for a brief moment, feeling the fabric of the shirt.
« It’s our fault. We haven’t been kind to her » he said, looking down.
« I want it, Balty... I swear I do » he caressed his cheek.
He's bisexual and he's not ashamed of it. From the very first days, he doesn't hide his interest in his green-eyed classmate. Dean was quick to gently dismiss his advances by pointing out that he doesn't play that game. Benny seemed surprised, but was not offended. He burst out laughing as he raised his hands in surrender.
"Don't tempt me," the elder replies sarcastically. "All this is your fault," waving his finger at Sam.
That being said, she swallowed the last portion of pancake as Castiel was staring at her, absolutely speechless.
« For what ? »
« Stop thinking too much, as a start. Asking yourself too many questions will only make you forget the one and only question that is essential» Balty explained.
“That was another dimension,” Castiel whispered.
It was a surprise for him, this warmth in his mouth. He lost all sense of time. Even his gestures became more natural. He listened to Castiel’s breathing, giving rhythm to the back and forth sensation.
« And you, handsome stranger, what’ll it be ? »
« Why not today ? » he raised a questioning eyebrow.
" I told you, Jewel and I… "
« I’m not… sad… It’s just that… » He pulled in front of the school gate. « I want you to promise me something, both of you… » he looked at them in the back, leaning between the front seatbacks.
« Chad... what… what are you talking about?
« Your friend has been transferred to IC… Dr Gabriel said you may see him now. I’ll show you to his room»
« But you bought it ! »
Both sleds ruhed down the slope. With their feet wedged, both of them hurtled down full speed.
She waits calmly as the door opens on the first parents and students. Castiel gently straightens his chin and offers him a slight smile surrounded by a brown moustache.
Dean scowled; he didn’t like this demonstration of tenderness which Balty was crazy about, always needing to touch the target of his affection .
Chadwick moved forward and took the big plastic bag which Castiel presented.
« Old buddy. You should be aware that it’s just the beginning » he said, walking around.
« What a brave dog ! » he patted the animal to reassure him.
« I mean others will never agree that a homosexual take care of two kids who are not his own» he replied with a voice broken with emotion.
« I’m not tired »
« I can see that » Castiel replied as he reached the bank.
« And now ? » holding tight the pommel with both hands.
"But, why ..." Dean remained speechless .
When everything was set, he put on his « Scream » mask and went upstairs to wake up the children...
« Thanks Bobby »
« Do something, dammit. Can’t you see he’s in agony ?» he said pointing at Castiel’s room.
He took a deep breath and closed his eyes
The boy went to his room without saying another word.
"But...", looking to his friend's bleeding face.
He closed the door and took off his coat and hat while the children were admiring the decorations they found in the box.
Dean let the thought slowly crawl into their minds, talk to each other, with their children words.
He took a beer, leaned on the sink and started to pet Apache, standing at his feet.
« I’d love to… » He took a deep breath, hiding his forehead under his arm.
That was a smile for this woman who had given him back Tessa.
« Jo... Forgive me… I’m sorry. My precious Jo » he tried to caress the blood away with his finger. « Sweet Jo » he started to cry.
Castiel was cleaning the dishes in the lake when Dean joined him.
I take this opportunity to thank with all my heart, Elyrian who despite his operation and his long rehabilitation has found the time to finish translating my story.
In the distance, a shadow lit by the moon, a chapel.
When he woke up, he felt filled with disgust leading to nausea and the physical urge to live the moment again and again.
Chadwick and Jewel had slown down. Garth followed Castiel as soon as Mark caught up with the children.
« Is she gonna live with us? » Jewel asked.
" I’m also blessed, you know "
« NOOOOO » Castiel joined the mirth and grabbed the barrier to keep his balance, as they watched Santa’s wife rolling up her dress to be able to run faster, exhibiting a pair of stockings going up her knees.
He fell asleep at the quiet humming of the television. Jo found him later on, curled up on the couch.
“Stop it. It’s not because Sir Dean is afraid of dogs that others must be deprived of having one.”
He hesitated for a moment and finally decided not to erase the message.
" I thought we had decided to keep it for ourselves " Dean sounded angry.
« Kids, say goodbye to Cass.... Dinner’s ready»
"Wow, that’s great"
« All right now… Why don’t you tell us what this is all about, so we can finish our breakfast in peace, Mr Unique » Dean grumbled.
« Have I said something funny ? » He frowned.
« Okay, you will beat the egg yolk and the cream and I’ll take care of… the apples »
« I am… Jimmy also owns a restaurant like this in Seattle. That’s where I met him for the first time »
« WHAT ? » Dean said as he turned around.
The ringing makes them all scatter. Only Ash and Castiel stay by Dean's side. They've shared the same class since first grade.
« Thanks » Dean finally said, resuming his cooking.
"I'm asking you to be the Cass I've always known... We've both been through a lot... We can get through the ones to come, together... like we always have. "
« Not bad at all… What is it ? » He asked Bobby.
« Cass...Would you accept to become their surrogate guardian ?»
Dean had gotten along with him with the impression, from the very beginning, that they had always known each other.
He stopped at the first bar he crossed on the road… The sun would soon set, giving way to the moon. From day to night.
"Daddy..." Dean begins.
« That means he’s stunning »
« First, we should be invited more often» Dean’s tone was a bit ironic.
"I think he’s had enough of spots and stones" Castiel sighed.
« I’m Lisa » she extended a greeting hand.
« Nothing » He faced him and they looked at each other for a while.
Castiel closed his eyes when he felt Dean’s hand grab his desire as they kissed feverishly. As his lover’s hand gained speed, he felt the other’s smile on his lips.
" You what? " Castiel replied in a whisper.
And the only thing Dean thought at that precise moment was :
« No, Cass... What’s the matter with you? Are you mad at me ? Because of Lisa ? »
« A few more days and then you’re done with them »
« Are you coming home late ? »
“Just kidding... He knows I like his Kiki,” he replied, not tearing his gaze away from the waiter who was taking the order of a young couple at the other end of the room. “Will you come here?” he was losing patience.
« Well, I… » he breathed deeply, trying to hide he felt uncomfortable. « I met someone… and I’ve stayed at her place last night »
« Are you gonna tell me what the hell happened or what? » Dean was worried as he put his hands on his little girl’s cheeks.
He sees the angel frown and pout slightly, and his heart skips a beat for the second time.
Chadwick took his PSP and played a few games with John. Neither Dean nor Castiel knew how to play well… John did.
« YESSSSSSS »
" My God " she sounded stunned. " Poor Balty" she started to laugh.
« Do you have pets at home? » he asked while taking a bite of his pie.
He doesn't know if he's talking to his son or to Castiel.
« Yes ? »
" I told her "
"Aren’t you going to say goodbye to Dad and Chad? " as she grabbed Castiel’s hand.
« You’re Castiel, aren’t you ? » he stepped forward with a strange look in his eyes ; obviously the man had too much to drink.
He fell asleep on the couch.
« You were referring to him, right? »
He looks up and crosses his brother's eyes.
Dean and that clumsy heart of his, as she used to say with tenderness.
« Oh yes, we are » she replied with a huge smile on her face.
“I can’t… I can’t any longer.”
« Great. Thanks » he sat down.
« You’re an awesome guy, Castiel... You deserve to be loved for who you are. You deserved to be touched, to be kissed… You deserved to taste the desire of a man who’d love you too»
« The whole shebang ! » Mark insisted.
« As you know, in three weeks, you’re gonna have several days off and you’ve deserved them for sure… » he started with a wink. « How would you like to spend a few days in a real ranch? »
