"It amazes me you can play the violin so beautifully and find a zip difficult to do up!... Oh, it doesn't matter! Just leave the zip, we've got to go!" John continued, gesturing with one hand for Sherlock to follow him as he walked into the corridor, and along it to the top of the stairs.
It was the afternoon on their second day back at the school, of which the morning had been spent enduring an excessively long and boring assembly and the equally as 'tedious, mundane activity' as Sherlock had put it, of the handing out of timetables. They both had lessons in a few minutes, and were currently taking Felix over to Molly's dorm room, because she had frees that afternoon, and needed to unpack her stuff in her room, so had requested that they bring him over to hers rather than the pair's own dorm. This John thought may prove to be problematic due to the simple fact that Felix was pretty much illegally living at the school and therefore couldn't be seen by anyone, but since Molly was doing such a favour to them, John hadn't wanted to refuse.
"Hi John." She creased up her face. "Why are you at Sherlock's flat? You, you were kinda mysterious on the phone? What is going on?"
“We can! I want to keep it because it has genius potential and how often does a child show that! I know what will happen! Mycroft will take it away, and give it to some mundane, stupid family who will just fill its head with all sorts of nonsense, and it will turn out like every other idiot on this planet!”
When John came in a few minutes later, he caught one glimpse of this loving scene, before Sherlock snapped out of it, and got up. John smiled, knowing that despite Sherlock's recent efforts for him not to see, Sherlock really thought highly of the child, and was terribly and uncharacteristically fond of the little boy.
“Oh for god’s- Look if you want to look after the child, be my guest. I would like to see you try to cope with him! You know, feeding, changing, waking up in the middle of the night...”
"Oh, well I kind of thought it might convince them more if I looked tanned. But I didn't think It through...anyway, goodbye Harry. Thank you." He beamed, putting his jacket on and going to open the door.
"No he can't! He would never be comfortable! And what's all that other stuff you have there?" He asked, peering into Sherlock's basket once more.
"What? What do you mean you have 'obtained' a child? ...You kidnapped a child!" Her eyes widened in horror.
"So I shall call Molly, and you call Mycroft and get him to get us permission somehow to keep Felix in school an-"
"I... I am unsure." Sherlock mused, slowly putting Felix onto the floor, where he crawled over to the small xylophone he had in the corner, and started to bang it with the tiny sticks provided.
“Johnny boy! How you doing my bro!” She yelled out, dropping her duffle bag and pulling him into a big bear hug.
"About a month now. And Sherlock is actually great... Like he sees him as a child prodigy or something... Do you... Do you want to meet him?" He said nervously wringing his hands.
"Good! Right I shall call her and ask her... Wait, how about I invite her around? We could introduce her to Felix? And then ask her then?"
As I wandered down to the library I started thinking of how I had just acted. He must think that I was behaving weirdly. Of course he picked up on it. It's Sherlock! What shall I tell him? Why was I really behaving strangely though? I can't deal with him and Molly is all I know. I don't like them being so... close. Too close. Why though? I'm not actually jealous? Get a grip John, what are you even thinking here?
Once in the flat John sat down on his chair, with the baby on his lap. Yes, John had a chair, this was because of the simple fact that in the holidays, he also spent the majority of his spare time around at Sherlock’s. Usually trying to stop him murdering himself, or others during his states of boredom. Or helping him track down other such murderers doing the same.
"Age is irrelevant John." Sherlock said picking up the child and standing up. His eyes fixed on Mycroft who gave an equally intense look back.
Mycroft continued speaking to John, only acknowledging Sherlock's comment with a slight smirk in the corner of his mouth.
"Really? Okay then!" John said looking surprised and vaguely relieved. Sherlock pulled his phone from his pocket and started tapping away, and went through to the kitchen disappearing from John's view.
"Oh shush! I'm talking to the coach about this, because you don't even get a chance in practice. You would be great on the team."
John was trying to do his schoolwork which he had not only been putting off, but had barely time to do all Summer. It being the middle of August now, he thought he should probably give it a go. Although flicking through the pages in his Biology book, all the words seemed to blur into one. He was so out of practice with schoolwork and all of the concentration that went with it. He had to admit that he was much better now at changing nappies than memorising trivial biological facts!
“They aren’t meant to crawl until 6 months at the earliest, even that is rare, but at 4 months he is crawling already!”
"We are taking him, we've, we've sorted it." He smiled at her. "Oh, just don't say anything to our parents, please. They can't know, they just wouldn't understand-"
As the team took their positions on the field, John clenched his teeth together holding in the gum-shield and concentrated, waiting for the whistle. As it blew he held his ground, waiting for the ball to come near him before tackling the boy on the opposite team, skillfully managing to obtain the ball, and then doing a mad dash towards their team's goal. He passed the ball to Greg with one mighty swing and he in turn, flung it towards the goal, where it whizzed past the goalie, hitting the wooden backboard with a smack.
John sighed and rubbed his forehead. He looked over to Sherlock's pouting, angry face looking hopefully over at John and realised he had little choice if he wanted to keep Sherlock happy. "Well, I suppose we don't have anything else-"
"Yeah, yeah thanks." John said whilst putting his water bottle down at the edge of the running track.
He knocked on the door to Molly's dorm and then again and again when she didn't answer, each more hurried than the last. Until finally the door opened and there stood... Not Molly. Not Molly but a girl with a paintbrush in one hand, who was covered in paint and wore a scowling expression on her face. Sherlock pushed his way past her into the dorm, despite her protestations for him to not do so.
"Aha, don't worry about it!" She replied, and then lowered her voice. "Why do you have fake tan on your arms really?" She let out a small laugh.
The more that he thought about it the more he realised he wanted to go out. He needed to. Sending a text to Greg he discovered the boys hadn't left yet, feeling relieved he paced over towards the front school gate, before standing in the shadows waiting.
John sighed and pulled a jumper over his head and padded over to the sofa. Harry began to hum the tune to Happy Birthday as she pulled the mugs out, clattering as she did so and giving sidelong glances over to John.
“Sherlock.” John sighed, “Look, I don’t quite understand why you want to keep him, but, but, well- we just can’t.”
“He seemed perfectly happy with the tea I gave him this morning.” He said without looking up from his paper.
The drunk boy raised himself from the sofa and staggered away from his friend towards the cabinet on the other side of the room, before coming back with an object in his hands; his gift.
"Sherlo-" she began before he shrugged her away and lifting his head bolt upright, he then looked down at Molly beside him before grabbing her by the shoulders and looking into her eyes.
John was pulled onto the busy dance floor by Greg, who was shouting as loud as he could above the music, trying to get John to relax. The array of multi-coloured lights flashed all around him, pulling him into a sort of hazed trance and fuelling what the alcohol had already started.
“Well. I could arrange things to make it possible. If you have to act like such a child about this Sherlock."
Hey sorry its been a while :) Here's a new chapter for you hellyesship anyway :) thankyou for the comment on my last chapter!
He opened the door quickly and knocked it shut behind him, moving on along the corridor until he heard a noise behind him. It was Ollie from next door. He was looking at Sherlock, clearly having spotted perhaps something move underneath the coat and shouted after Sherlock who paid him no heed but kept moving swiftly on towards the girls dorm.
John was holding Felix, but Sherlock was holding the bags. Sherlock glanced around him and spotted a sign outside a cubicle which read ‘family changing room’ and suddenly his plan popped back into his head. Make John happy by then all being a family. And that was a family changing room. Which meant that was correct for them, so he walked over to the door and swung it open and John followed, closing it behind him.
"Right." He said turning towards John. "I'm Oliver. And this is ..." He gestured to the guy behind him, indicating he should speak.
"Yeah sure, course you can." She smiled and gestured for him to sit on her bed in the corner of the room, which he came in and did so.
It all happened so quickly, they barely had time to realise what was happening. As soon as the man disappeared behind a tree they heard three loud gunshots which rang through the air and echoed away. A small figure, although not the man they had been talking to, promptly ran away from the trees.
Sherlock looked down in amazement at the hand, and then at John’s face staring at his own hand, as if he was shocked that he himself had indeed just placed it there.
“It’s interesting! Here get this..." he said reading off from the page. "Apparently a baby isn’t supposed to be crawling until they are 6 or 7 months old! Feli-"
“What?” John exclaimed disbelieving “Sherlock, what do you mean? We are 16! What do you mean we are keeping him?!”
Sherlock made a tutting noise under his breath at himself "I should have known it would be here." he murmured.
John could have kicked himself. He should have thought before using his nicknames he had been calling them in his head out loud. 'Stupid, I should have realised Sherlock wouldn't like it.' He thought to himself.
John hadn't expected the kiss, one minute he was just trying to focus on what she was saying and then the next, she had leant in and was kissing him. It wasn't his first kiss, he had kissed girls before, but this somehow felt wrong, completely wrong, and all he could think of was how Sherlock's face lit up when he played with Felix. That was the sole thought in his mind until he looked up. And there he was. Sherlock standing there. At first he thought he was imagining it, but the more he looked, even in his drunken stupor he realised that he was really there. Really standing over there in front of him. He didn't have any idea why he was there but nonetheless, John suddenly wanted to get away from this girl, to go to Sherlock.
"No! We are not calling him after the gas which comes from the Greek word for lazy! Or any other scientific appliance or element for that matter!"
“Since it’s a Saturday, we have all day to do something awesome. John it’s your day, what do you want to do?”
Sherlock looked up, and made a face of disgust at the boxes and then turned back to his paper. John sighed and rubbed his head.
The next day John had sent Sherlock out to the shops to buy anything that they needed for the baby, who still had no name. He felt unsure about sending Sherlock out alone, but they couldn’t have taken the baby into a busy shopping centre, and actually managed to get some shopping done without a pram, and they desperately needed some essential items for the baby.
"Hello Molly, this is Felix. Felix this is Molly." He introduced, Making gestures from each person to the other. Molly's face broke into a smile.
"That's okay! I saw you come in and thought the least I could do- considering- what you're doing...was to come and help you with your bags!"
“Okay.” He said in a small voice and gave a quick smile up to Sherlock, who moved himself away from in front of the pram.
They wandered over to the Mothercare shop, John marveling at the many uses for the pram as he started hanging all of their shopping bags onto the handles. As they entered they gazed around them at the quiet shop, which had soft music playing in the background, and heavily pregnant ladies wandering around everywhere on the soft carpeted floor. Feeling slightly out of place with all of the hormonal although currently serene women, John pulled Sherlock over to the toy section. Sherlock looked around the shelves and recoiled in horror.
Sherlock flicked through them, looking at the details and them handed them back, his eyebrows raised.
"Tea?" Sherlock asked, holding up a steaming mug for John, which he hadn't noticed had been sitting on the table.
In front of of them was a heavily pregnant lady, with a toddler on one hip, who looked at the pair strangely as they joined the queue, and kept turning her head back to glance at them, Felix especially. This, John tried to ignore. When the woman was about to leave, John gave a smile to the toddler who had turned around to look at him, John's smile the woman noticed and obviously took as some sort of unspoken attack on her child, and she briskly moved the child's head to face away from him, and walked off protectively cradling her child to her body. John felt hurt by her unjust judgement but he tried to brush it off. Once they got to the front desk, the lady behind the counter started to make conversation as she scanned their items.
John moved a loose curl out of Felix's eyes and then absentmindedly played with a strand of The baby's hair, wrapping the little curl round and round his finger. Sherlock stood in front of them, tapping his foot in impatience of the what he deemed to be slow speed of the train. At Euston they jumped off and climbed up the numerous stairs and escalators to the top, coming out at the bustling, crowded station. Felix looked around him with wide eyes, taking in all the lights and people everywhere, who were all crammed into the gigantic station, the majority of which, were standing by the huge lit up departure board, looking up and holding their positions. Until all of a sudden an influx of people rushed towards the same direction as their gate was announced, all running with a direct force that practically knocked over anyone who happened to be in their path at the time. When the surge had moved on, and the crowd sufficiently thinned out, Sherlock walked forward, keeping one hand on John's arm to not lose him amongst the people. He looked up at the board and amongst the orange-lit writing he found their train and then with one movement gripped John's arm and pulled him through the people towards a gate, before John had even had a chance to note the time.
This year there were even more good players, meaning that John was even further down in the pool of people for the coach to choose from.
He came back in with his violin and started to play a soft and beautiful melody by the baby’s cot. The baby looked up at Sherlock in fascination, his little mouth wide open. John relaxed and sat down in his chair listening as well, marveling at Sherlock’s quick thinking.
Sherlock upon hearing that, re-bundled up Felix and heading off in that direction, leaving a very confused girl behind him.
John looked to Sherlock in mock distain, knowing full well that he was, despite everything, loving having Felix around. Well, most of the time...And as if talking about him had woken him up, that moment a loud wail arose from the other room, and the pair sighed and wearily lifted themselves off of the sofa.
He was cut off in surprise by John pulling him into a strong hug. His arms firmly and lovingly clasped around this wonderful and amazing boy. Sherlock felt his heart flutter as his face relaxed and he felt his friend's warm arms around him. He touched the soft downy fabric of the back of John's jumper, running his fingertips across it as he breathed in the smell of John.
They continued to talk together, until a worried look came over the man’s face. The look changed to sheer panic and then determination. John, concerned looked to where the man was looking, and spotted a small figure darting between some trees a little way off. The man whipped out of his pocket a badge, which he showed to John.
"He's good, yeah. It's going to be difficult not to let anyone into our dorm room, what with school friends and all of that, bu-"
"Actually, I have some pictures. Would you like to see?" John informed them hesitantly, looking at the faces of his parents. He could tell that his father had had enough of his tales and just wanted to get back to the TV he was missing, but his mother was convinced they needed to bond as a family in the few hours that they had together, and enthusiastically encouraged him to get the pictures out. She flicked though them excitedly.
"I'm...just going to...work somewhere quieter." I mumbled, looking everywhere but at Sherlock, before hurriedly escaping out of the door.
Sherlock just continued to look around, his frustration growing at the minimal signs around the station. John feeling sorry for his friend's obvious distress at the lack of familiarity started walking to the way out.
Sherlock exclaimed and pushed himself into the slide as soon as he’d seen his friend disappear and he too was plunged into darkness. The slide twisted and turned and the rushing water underneath them pulled them along.
"Okay, I will be back in a minute then." He said handing over the baby to Sherlock, who held him close to his chest and quickly walked to the little orchard which was beside the school.
"So." He said looking down at the blank form before him. "Name and surname of child. Right. What are we going to name him? Any ideas? Sherlock?"
John stuck in the key and then swung the door open, they quickly went inside, shutting the door hurriedly behind them.
"Yes they may have been prominent Sherlock, but this is hardly a costume for a child... Is that supposed to be the blood of the dead prostitutes?"
"He is the son of two (now) deceased secret service officers who informed nobody of his existence but a select few, meaning that he is not on the records and officially does not exist. The father was on leave when he was shot this afternoon, but no doubt felt a moral obligation towards continuing with the case he was currently working on. The boy is 4 months old, we have no information on his whereabouts for his lifetime, but at birth he was completely healthy, he hasn't been checked since, so his health is unknown at this point."
The baby smiled up at John, who covered his face and then moved his hands away quickly, playing peek-a-boo. The baby loved this and gurgled and clapped his hands, so John did it again, with the same reaction. Sherlock stopped pacing and looked over.
"Oh! I just thought...with the moving in together... And the...um sorry, okay go on." Molly went very red and bowed her head, embarrassed by her assumptions.
“What about when the aliens in the future discover the ruins of our house ma? Now thanks to my labels, they will know that a spoon, is definitely a spoon, and not just refer to it as an eeee-jot or something, y’know?”
"Yes. Next door to us are two new pupils, Greg Lestrade and Oliver Browning, and across the corridor from us, there is Phillip Anderson and Mike Stamford. "
"Okay thanks, we will do that." John said, trying to be friendly and smiling, refusing to partake in the sibling rivalry.
Sherlock looked practically wounded, "of course it is John! The Whitechapel murders were a prominent series of murders and I thin-"
"TRICK OR TREAT!" The children yelled, joined in by John too at the back of the crowd, as the door opened to the house. A kind looking woman with greying hair opened the door holding a big bowl of sweets in her hands.
"No. I know we can keep him. He's an unknown, secret baby who isn't on the records, and ultimately does not exist. Am I right?"
“He's four months.” Said Sherlock crouching down to eye level with the child and peering into the boy’s eyes, who stared back.
Two cups of tea later and John was still refusing to allow Harry to say the word Birthday, he was also managing to steer the conversation to anything but Felix or Sherlock, attempting to put off their inevitable meeting. He didn't quite know why he was doing this, only that he was beyond nervous for them all to meet, and the anticipation was killing him so he certainly at that minute did not wish to discuss the matter further. Harry also could read him like a book, and certianly did not want her talking about any of the strange feelings he had been feeling towards Sherlock lately.
“Secret Service, I’m going to have to ask you to hold my child. This is an emergency and a matter of utmost importance.”
“What, are we going to do about the child?” John whispered to Sherlock, not trusting his voice to get any louder.
Sherlock glared over at John, who stared back at him as he crossed his arms. They stayed like that unbreaking, almost competing for several minutes, until a woman tried to get past them in the narrow aisle they were now blocking. This snapped them out of it. John sighed and looked to the floor then back up at Sherlock, then rolled his eyes.
Despite Mycroft only being 10 years older than Sherlock, that making him only 26, he already held a high ranking position of authority in the British Government.
The leaves were starting to turn orange and fall off the trees, and soon they would completely litter the hockey pitch. For now though, the odd leaf drifted across over the edge of the railings and onto the players on the court, and got swept into their fast moving game, crunched underfoot as the teenagers charged towards the goals at either end of the pitch.
“You’re… pale. Icy. Eat very little. You’re very strong and even quicker. I’ve never seen you sleep, and… well, you’re beautiful. Gorgeous. Incredibly, impossibly perfect. It’s just a sort of beauty that doesn’t exist. Can’t happen, not naturally." Sherlock was staring straight ahead, not blinking nor breathing.
“Grandparents’ generation?” John asked too quickly, unable to hide his skepticism. That was simply impossible – the time frame didn’t add up. Sherlock wouldn’t even be alive yet.
“You probably were,” Sherlock said, unwinding them so he could walk around to John’s side, crowding him against the table. He reached up to swipe his thumb against John’s cheekbone, impossibly tender. “Unfortunately, whenever it comes to you I seem to be the biggest idiot in the world.”
John studied him for a hard moment, but Sherlock seemed sincere, if John even knew what that looked like. He nodded, and took a sip of his water. “Okay.”
“Hm.” John steps off to the side to perch on the desk, studying the flat; without his daughter here, it seems much too big and much too empty. He raps his knuckles on the tabletop and looks back to Sherlock. “I’d like to hear you play it, though.”
At that moment, the door downstairs opened. The thump of familiar steps soon climbed the stairs. “I quite rather like Eleanor,” Sherlock mused, standing up and absentmindedly straightening his jacket. “That could also be ‘Ellie’, couldn’t it?”
John, obedient in the face of some answers, peeled the tail off of a shrimp and popped it into his mouth. Satisfied, Sherlock lowered his voice.
London, at night. John couldn’t recognize the street, but he could always recognize the city. Fog misted the ground, streetlights dim, and that’s when he was able to narrow down the reason behind his uneasy feeling.
“Nobody drives a car anymore, not in this day and age. You know that.” As if out of nowhere, a sleek vehicle smoothed to a stop at the edge of his driveway, hovering a few centimeters above the magnetic track with a light buzz. The door opened to a plush interior. “You are going to take this car to your sector’s transportation facility, where you’ll board the rail directly to the ICAM. It’s a four hour journey - perhaps you’d like to bring a book?”
For the second time that day John found himself hitting the ground, though now with a warm, hard arm pressed firmly against his neck. Those quicksilver eyes were even more marvelling up close.
John had to shake himself back to the present, and held out his hand. “John Watson, good to meet you. I’m Sherlock’s new flatmate, and I have absolutely no idea why I’m here.”
Sarah, the front desk receptionist, seemed to be there every day John was. She was sweet, trading greetings and goodbyes whenever John passed, and in turn John liked to drop off a coffee on the days he had a morning shift.
“You didn’t even let me ask!” Sherlock laughs. As if on instinct, John reaches out so their fingers brush together, and suddenly Sherlock turns a shade darker. Beneath the thudding of his heartbeat, John feels like a helium balloon, floating into the atmosphere… soon, the pressure will pop him, but for now, all he can do find something to tether onto before the inevitable. When Mrs. Hudson returns, John draws back his hand reluctantly.
“Would you…” He shifts a bit, hesitantly, angling out the body of the guitar to give room. His eyes flicker away. “Would you like to try?”
Sherlock sat John down at the table, clearing off the surface before fluttering off to grab the first aid kit. It had never been properly used, save for the occasional band-aid, so today would be its sort of christening. They began on his face.
He paused, feeling something quiet and deep reverberate into his abdomen. What was that? He glanced up to look for Sherlock, but the man wasn’t paying attention, face illuminated in the low light as he read his screen intently. Was another rail arriving? John couldn’t spot it along the track, but at that speed it could show up at any time.
Slightly uncomfortable, he tried to gesture his meaning through his expression, but Sherlock just tilted his head blankly. “You were what?”
But before they reached the police tape, he hesitated. “The Detective Inspector you’re about to meet has known me the longest, and is also the least annoying out of them all. He… he’ll be asking you questions.” He was fidgeting with the hem of his coat. “I’ve never brought anyone to a crime scene before, so he’s bound to be curious.”
A man in an almost-white jumpsuit pushed into the crowd, ‘HEAD ENGINEER’ sewn onto his breast. He was oddly baby-faced for the job. He looked John up and down, and then glanced over at the exit bay. Luckily, Sherlock was already out of sight, so the glance was short-lived. “Something about someone requiring medical assistance?”
Hours before dawn, John thrashed awake with an inhuman sound, startling Sherlock who hadn’t been able to fall back asleep after awaking from John’s hand unconsciously brushing his own. Sherlock, alarmed, touched John’s shoulder and John rolled on top of him in a flurry, blindly wrestling his hands above his head and pinning them to the pillow. His knees caged Sherlock’s hips.
Sherlock’s eyes gentled, even though his cheekbones looked near menacing along the line of his coat’s collar. His smile became something wistful. “And I, you.” He then, very tentatively, held up his hand so it pressed against the glass between them.
say it, not when John showed that he remembered events from one of the most memorable evenings of his life. “Moriarty said that he’d burn the heart out of me at the pool. You heard that, didn’t you?” Wordlessly, he brought his hand up to John’s chest, slightly to the left and pushing into the hammering muscle that kept this wonderful man alive.
” Sherlock drawled in irritation. “I’ve been setting experiments and checking data these past couple of days. I didn’t think you’d care.”
Sherlock beamed and spun Felix around, red paint spraying all around them. John couldn't help but grin, and he suddenly relaxed into it. Pushing aside his own ideas for a costume, he went over to join the pair, and began to add his own smears of red paint onto Felix, a smile dawning on his face as he did so.
"This- This is for you. Well- Not exactly, it's for Felix. I missed the 6 month milestone. I wanted to do something for the 7 month instead. So I- Well you'll see." He gestured for John to open the package.
“That was a silly, bloody feud between you and Mycroft!"  Said John, “And now we have a child out of it!”
Standing up suddenly, and feeling overwhelming claustrophobia come over me, I grabbed my work and a pen and I headed for the door.
He felt the rush of adrenaline rise through his body like a wave, washing all over him until he could almost taste it, bitter in his mouth.
"Yes. Wow, that is pretty impressive for a baby to do! Although most babies develop these sort of.. er... skills! After they start to talk..." John retorted, laughing although highly amazed at the baby's comprehension of how to do what he was doing. 'Maybe Sherlock was right about the child being clever!' John thought whilst looking down at Felix.
"Hey, I was just wondering if you wanted to come down with me to see some of the guys from the team, they're all in the common room we were just gonna play cards or something."
“Sherlock. He’s not sleeping, how do we make him sleep?” He asked looking over to Sherlock, who came and joined him by the cot. The pair looked down at him, and then Sherlock, with an idea, went and fetched something from his room.
John didn't realise they were going to try to sneak into a club, and he immediately felt nervous as they were only 16 and he wasn't sure about whether he wanted to try his luck getting in or not. Then again, he thought about his fight with Sherlock and his anger just started boiling up again, no. He would go out. He deserved this, he needed to show Sherlock he didn't care what he thought. He also needed to have fun, something Sherlock didn't seem to want him to have.
“Well it- It sh-...” Sherlock trailed off, realising that he didn't know the answer. When John stayed over at the flat, he always stayed in what had now become his room. Sherlock of course had his own bedroom, and there was the lounge the kitchen and the bathroom. But that was it.
Sherlock was sitting on his still made bed, with his phone in one hand and the other tapping on the keyboard of his computer hurriedly. John cleared his throat, and Sherlock looked up from the screen his eyes straining and visible tiredness drawn all over his face.
"Mum, I said before. I have to go to my friend's so I can get a lift back to school tomorrow. I dropped most of my stuff back at his house on the way here. I have to go there. It's all arranged."
John and Sherlock had gone to the nearest forest just outside of London for the morning, to take some pictures of John, supposedly at his 'camp.' John posed in front of a tree with some rope tied around his middle and his hand on the tree, perhaps just come down from climbing it. He stood with a grin next to a fire he had built, proudly holding up a match. Him and Sherlock found a small stream, and John waded into it, his trousers rolled up past his knees, and Sherlock snapped a series of shots of him 'looking for water creatures.' The pair managed to commandeer a bow and arrow from a hut they found and took some pictures of John on his 'archery training,' as well as some by the 'weapons centre.'
"He was just showing me, isn't it funny! It was some girl at his camp, she dared him to put some fake tan on them and now it won't come off! I think it's hilarious!" She saved him in such a fluent manner that it completely convinced both his mother and his father.
John moved over and sat down next to Sherlock on the sofa. Sherlock looked to John as if he wanted to say something, he clutched his gift in his hand.
Sherlock’s facial expression flickered from confusion to back to neutral so fast but John thought he could see a glimpse of hurt on his friend’s face. This was like a pang in his heart, he suddenly felt terrible, he hadn’t have thought that Sherlock might have wanted to know his birthday, he had assumed he wouldn’t be interested in something so trivial.
"Right, so I have some tissue paper here..." She said holding up some pale blue delicate paper. "And here is some... well it isn't wrapping paper, it's more old wallpaper... but it's okay i'm sure you can wrap it in that." She handed them across to Sherlock, who hid from Felix behind the sofa with all the items, whilst Molly played with Felix to keep him distracted.
"Sorry ma!" She grinned, knowing her mother hated to be called that, but compensating for her calling her Harriet.
“This is something different. A man, has left us... well in charge of a child.” Sherlock looked around at John holding the baby. “Yes Mycroft. A CHILD. Yes we have him here.... He’s... 4 months old... Dark hair... Slightly wavy... Blue eyes...No i’m not describing myself... Yes, he does look like me... No Mycroft, i’ve not cloned myself!.... No we did not take him! We were given him!... In a park... Yes, a man... He was Secret Service... fine... yes... no. We will be at the flat.” He hung up and put away his phone, and then got out his keys as they approached the flat door.
Sherlock paid little attention to Molly's questions but now having secured Felix in trustworthy hands, Sherlock ran out of the door of the lab, and span round the top stair banister and practically leapt down each flight of stairs, until he got to the side door which lead to the path which would take you onto the long and winding road to the nearest town, where he was speculating the group of John's new friends would have gone.
To say it was a mess in there would be an severe understatement. John didn't think he'd ever seen it look so eclectic, and considering Sherlock had been in the flat for years, that was saying something!
"No, he's a real live human child. Not an animal or a pet either. Remember that! Anyway, Sherlock what about school? Have you thought of that?"
He sat up in bed and yawned, and after rubbing his eyes and his vision slowly beginning to creep in, he could see his sister grinning at him from the foot of his bed.
"Yes. Fine. Good." Sherlock mused slowly, shutting the lid of his laptop and slurping his tea, giving a sidelong glance over to John. Bemused that he had figured out the problem so quickly, definitely not going to ruin Felix's potential IQ he thought, smirking to himself.
"Ignore it, I'm here now!" She grinned and hung her coat up and shut the door. "Oh yeah how was that DofE thingy you have been on?" She asked as they started to go through to the kitchen.
"You wanna try?" John asked, indicating an inviting looking house which a group of children was about to go to.
"Oh- well no, really it's not trouble to look after Felix! My pleasure, really, he so adorable! How is he?" She asked smiling as they headed towards the school building, being pulled along by the crowd going the same way.
"Fill in the form and I will send someone to collect it once you have finished. I have filled in the date of birth already, and several other small details."
“Yes?” John replied slowly, his eyebrows furrowing, questioning how he was getting a delivery at a place he didn’t even live at.
John got up and grabbed his jacket and his phone which he'd put on the side earlier, and without a glance back, walked through the door, slamming it behind him.
He sighed, it didn't help either, that Sherlock was making loud explosions from the kitchen, dotted with joyful babbled nonsense exclamations from Felix paired with phrases from Sherlock such as "look how the magnesium sulphate reacts now!" And "I wouldn't be eating that Felix... it could possibly be toxic."
John felt rather apprehensive to the night out once they started the steady twenty minute walk to the town. He glanced across at what he could see of Greg in the dim partially moonlit night, Greg grinned back at him before yelling across the noise the others were making ahead of them.
“I’m enjoying the stroll. Stop walking so fast, you aren't even walking with us. Fee is liking too! Aren’t you?” He looked down and smiled at the baby, who smiled back, mimicking his face. Sherlock scowled, then reluctantly waited for John and walked at the same pace, feeling that every step was taking forever.
Sherlock felt overwhelming pride towards his son and felt the hint of tears beginning to prick the corners of his eyes, but he fought them away.
Once it was over, he wrapped him in a blanket and plonked Sherlock back onto the sofa with a cup of tea in his hand to settle his stomach.
"Oh it was just a girl, who I met at camp and then now have agreed to ask out, and bring home to meet him, and if my father has anything to do with it... Probably marry as well!" He said sarcastically.
Felix looked confused and kept looking at the two of them and then said it again but he seemed confused and less sure of himself this time.
"Jesus...I'm sick of this. It's enough that I have to put up with your childish behaviour half the time, now you're trying to control me and what I do in my spare time."
"If you really want me to, I will get some plainer, 'non animal' things, but only if you come and help me!"
"Quick Sherlock! Stop messing around!" John whispered as he peered out of their open dorm room door and into the corridor, checking it was clear.
“Oh come on! I’ve been waiting ages you know?” John joked, pretending to look down at a non-existent watch and tutting. He grinned at Sherlock as his friend gritted his teeth and waded to the edge.
Two hours later John walked through the front door with his phone in his hand and looked up briefly at Sherlock who was sitting on the sofa holding Felix and an oddly box shaped, wallpaper object.
To think that John had felt jealous of Molly taking up all of Sherlock's time, no not jealous. Just... Confused. John put the idea out of his mind, the whole matter of his jealously making him feel odd, like he could... Maybe he- he. No. Him and Sherlock were friends, not even friends, Sherlock had managed to ruin that one, John wasn't even sure he could be such good friends with Sherlock acting so difficult all the time.
The students officially weren't allowed out of the school grounds at night, however it being a Saturday night, the teachers often turned a blind eye to it, especially if there had been a successful football match during the day, they knew the pupils would want to celebrate. However John stuck to the shadows until the rest of the group turned up, for solely the fear that perhaps they might be unlucky and get a strict teacher looking out of the window and stopping them. The group erupted into hushed greetings when they saw John, all obviously pleased he was joining them as he was quickly becoming a popular and key member of the group. There were about ten of them in total because not all of the hockey team were part of the clique. After they had dodged the hurdle of the school gates and made it out them safely, they all were on the long country road which lead up to the nearest town, frequented by the students of the school.
“You didn’t beat me. It was the velocity of the slide. Mine just happened to be slower. You did not, beat me.”
Sherlock stuck his head comically around the kitchen door with Felix in his arms. John gestured for them to come over to where he was sitting at the table.
John just stood their grinning at his sister's absurdities for a minute, before realising she was waiting for him to say something. She looked at him expectantly.
"This way." Said Sherlock, his eyes on the group he was following. The proceeded to follow them down a series of streets and routes, on roads John didn't even know existed, until they arrived on the most amazing looking street John had seen that evening.
"John. Think of this instead, as a chance to record a life of another individual, from as early as four months old!"
"Yeah, we do." John replied, smiling softly back at him, and then looking again down at the photograph.
Sherlock looked at it and an odd expression came over his face, similar to the one he was wearing in the photo. He looked what John thought to be a mixture between happy and taken aback.
Back at the flat John sunk down into his chair, feeling entirely like he was home again. He shut his eyes briefly, intending to just rest them, but instead fell asleep, and woke suddenly to the sound of Felix burbling away in his baby speak, to presumably Sherlock. John wrenched himself from his comfortable chair which had started to mould itself back to his shape, and went towards the kitchen and the sound.
"Sherlock, what are you doing?"  He questioned, with a gesture to the variety of apparatus around him.
Sherlock looked up, suddenly panicked at the reality of the thought of John leaving him alone with the child, believing fully that John would have just helped him willingly.
I shook it away. He was my friend. That's all. I can't feel jealous that my friend has a girl who fancies him! That would be ridiculous! And overprotective! No. I must stop this stupid thinking once and for all. No.
"In girls? Aha!" He started a hearty, derisive laugh. "Of course you are. Just need to go for it John. She's not going to wait forever. Girls need to be asked out."
They had been at it all morning, Sherlock said he was- 'founding the child's scientific knowledge to enable him to achieve his academic potential,' but at this age, John guessed that he was probably just making things react in different colours for the child's amusement. At least it kept them occupied even if it did make a lot of noise he thought.
“Anyway, I can’t fault ma, she just doesn’t want a soggy bit of plastic paper hanging into her cereals probably.”
John rummaged into one of Mycroft’s boxes and found a little hat, Which he placed promptly onto Felix’s head. Despite it being Summer, John was terrified that Felix might get too cold. Once they had maneuvered the pram down the stairs, John carefully placed Felix inside, and tied up the little straps to hold him in. It made him look very small, being enveloped by the big pram, which John looked at (and already thinking like a parent,) thought that it didn't matter because he would grow into it.
"Lots of jumpers you've got there! ...Sherlock I'm guessing?" He questioned, pointing towards them and going too close to them for Sherlock's liking.
Sherlock was convinced by Harry’s Insistence that John needed him there with Felix because it promoted healthy childhood logic and would remove the fear of abandonment in the child. Sherlock was not in fact convinced in the slightest by this argument, but was somewhat curious as to what this WaterLand would entail as he had never been swimming in a place more than a small 2 metre deep pool where he had laboriously swam lengths. Also he felt deep down a sadness that he had not known about his friend’s birthday. A feeling he was trying to bat away, but which kept returning. He thought that at least he could be there with him and Felix as it seemed to make John happy when they acted like a family. Perhaps, Sherlock thought, he would use that and try to spend the day proving to John how good a family they were together.
"Well you did..." The other murmured under his breath. At which the confident one turned around, stopped speaking and then took a step to one side to allow John a full look of the other. He was tall and had a sandy blonde mass of hair, cut into a neat, but groomed style. He wore skinny black jeans and a dark grey overcoat, which was unbuttoned halfway. He looked embarrassed at the eagerness of his friend, and the awkwardness of the situation that had been created. The brazen one spoke to the other with an air like he had been deeply insulted by him, his words dripping with sarcasm.
'Gay. Teenage. Too young to be parents. Got a girl knocked up. A disgrace. Shouldn't be allowed.The youth today!'
It seemed all too soon before they both unwillingly pulled away and let go of each other. In the moment which followed they found themselves face to face, incredibly close to one another as they looked into each other's eyes. Each pair of spheres as confused and as nervous as the other, so close they could feel each other's breath gently on their faces. Then the moment was gone, they moved swiftly apart on the sofa, each questioning exactly what it was which they had both felt, and hoping ardently that the other felt it too.
"Yes." Sherlock said, surly and glaring back at John. "Halloween is supposed to be frightening!" He exclaimed adamantly.
One of the star players already this term, who had not only attracted the coach's attention, but apparently the attention of all the girls in their year, was a new boy called Greg Lestrade. John couldn't help but like Greg, he just had that likeability factor. You would think because of his popularity he wouldn't be a nice person, that it would have tainted him somehow, gone to his head. However underneath it all, he was a genuinely friendly person too, despite the unsavoury characters he hung out with.
Heya all you wonderful people! Thankyou so much for reading! I'm trying to be better with updating so here's another chapter for you! I have planned out the next few as well so I know where the story is headed ;) but you guys will just have to wait and find out.... :D LOVE YOU ALL! Comment if you like it or want to see something in it :) Xxxx
Thank you to everyone who commented on the first chapter, it completely made my day/week!! Please keep commenting if you like it because it gives me the motivation to write! Hope you enjoy the chapter!! :)
"We want you to look after him when we are in lessons and you aren't." Sherlock declared, getting to the point immediately.
He breathed in the lovely smell of morning dew with an icy edge to it, along with the smell of the trees and the wood which surrounded them.
"Did you hear that? Felix, your Dad likes the names." Putting the stress on the name, with a happy tone playing in his voice. Felix just smiled and looked with adoring eyes between the two of them.
John felt good to be out of London and the London air which was always filled with car fumes and the sounds of people everywhere, and although he did love London it was always a nice change to have the stillness of the countryside surrounding them instead.
"Sherlock. Look I've printed out the pictures." He sat down at the table, where Sherlock joined him to look at them.
He felt desperate. He had no idea where John was and why he felt this overwhelming need to find him and make things right between them, but he knew he must. Sherlock hoped that when he saw John that he could be able to deduce quite what it was that he was feeling. Possibly delirious he thought, although from quite what he was delirious from was entirely beyond him.
“What is...this?” John asked, scrunching up his face in confusion, and pulling something indistinguishable out of the bag. He looked over to Sherlock, who glanced up from the newspaper he was now reading.
His face was a mixture of annoyance and curiosity, with his eyebrows lifted slightly and one corner of his mouth turned down.
"Hello. Just thought we would. Come around, say hello. We're next door! And, new here. Um... Yeah, we wanted to come-"
Later on, once it was dark, the three of them wrapped up as warm as they could and plonked Felix into his pushchair and went out onto the street. London was funny about trick or treating, most people (especially in central London) were very against the idea, and nearly every window contained an angry sign telling trick or treaters to go away. Sherlock glanced over at John as they walked down street after street of dark, uninviting looking houses, his friend looked downtrodden, Sherlock couldn't bear it. He looked around him, observing the street, observing the other people and his eye caught the very corner of what looked to be a child's costume walking the other way on the opposite side of the street. His ears picked up the sound of laughter, the giggling of children and the commanding tone of a parent. He whirled the pram around and grabbed hold of John.
There was that lovely moment of peaceful quietness as we took our first sips, relishing the tea. It's strange how whatever irritations or stresses you have in your life, you should never underestimate the power a cup of tea has in putting them to rest for a while, and the clarity of mind it can bring I thought as I relaxed back into the sofa.
John looked across at Sherlock just as his eyes were illuminated with a burst of shining colour. His friend turned to him and smiled before looking back at the sky, obviously captured by it.
I sighed and put my hand to my head. Sherlock was still in 'that mood.' The mood he had seemed to be in a lot lately, and probably what had caused the majority of our previous argument. The mood where he had to contradict everything which I said, he also felt it necessary to use Felix against me in situations like this, which always irritated me beyond belief.
"Well what do we have here then?" She asked smiling, whilst looking down at the children on her doorstep. "A cat, a witch, a zombie, a princess... And a?" She looked at Felix.
As they got to the very front of the queue Sherlock looked over at John and copied what his friend was doing of climbing into the slide and sitting down. There was a pool assistant to their right who was to cue them when the next riders could go. Sherlock looked over at John and in that split second the assistant cued them and John was gone down the slide, leaving a imprint of his grinning face in Sherlock’s mind.
"Oh don't worr-" she started, but then gave in and let John carry the biggest suitcase for her. "Thanks."
He looked over at her with narrowed eyes, and then down at the paper again, before moodily crossing his arms and staring at the still unwrapped present.
John examined his friend's face for any signs of sarcasm but didn't find any. He smiled in contentment, happy at the half compliment which had been paid to him, and shuffled around on the sofa, settling down and getting comfortable, something made all the more easy by his unbelievable tiredness.
Sherlock crossed his arms and then after a moments pause, turned round to the direction of the kitchen.
Felix was propped up in his highchair holding a test tube filled with strange gunky looking green liquid in one hand, and a stopwatch covered in sticky blue stuff in his another. On his face were a pair of tiny goggles which Sherlock had found in a box of things from his own childhood, and John had to admit that they suited him. They were slightly on the large side and so were slipping off his nose in a way John found adorable. On the table there was countless beakers and tubes and Bunsen Burners, all bubbling and creating a huge clouds of smoke and steam in the air.
Harry just stood looking at the pair of them incredulous, holding a cup of tea for her and one for Sherlock.
The game started again and Sherlock watched it now with a film of anger over Greg and the other players. He didn't understand why he was feeling like that over the game but he suddenly couldn't deal with all of the players being like that around John and was determined now to mention it to John later when he saw him again. He tried to calm himself down of these ridiculous feelings for the meantime and concentrate back on the game.
It was the 17th November. The day before John’s birthday, a celebration he never particularly enjoyed. It made him feel angry for some reason. He assumed it could have something to do with the fact his parents had never particularly cared about it, they never saw it as special. Not just his own but just the concept of Birthday celebrations in general.
After about half an hour of running, Greg came back to the 100 metre part of the track and started to approach John who had just finished running again. He called over to him as he did so.
I walked towards the dorm room, hoping to find a nice and neat room perhaps Sherlock would have put away those papers I had asked him to yesterday, maybe there wouldn't be dirty mugs on every available surface, perhaps I was about to walk into a room where perchance nothing was going wrong for a change. But, as I put my key into the door, I heard the muffled sounds of Felix's excited burbling from inside and knew immediately that this probably wasn't going to be the case. Especially as Sherlock and I had had a... dispute let's call it, (even though it was mainly just me shouting at him) earlier that morning,
They both found themselves standing surrounded by the leaves, shielded from the waterpark and waist deep in water which was slowly rippling around them.
"Okay, right..." She winked at him and then shook her head and laughed. "You've totally surprised me there Johnny boy! Did not expect that!"
"After Einstein. Albert Einstein. Lot to live up to don't you think? What if he doesn't like science?"
John went to ask where her parents were but she had already gone so he just smiled as he waved her off, Felix seemed to have really liked her. The pair wandered with Felix back towards central London and the flat, carrying a very heavy bag of sweets with them. Sherlock frowned as they did so, unseen by John in the dark night, he frowned because this little girl had seen them as parents and he liked that, he wanted? To be the parents this little girl had seen. Which meant...? He didn't know what it meant, it meant he wanted to be a pair with John. He didn't want them to be apart, never broken. He looked across at John carrying Felix and the bucket of sweets and started.
"I just thoug-" Sherlock began, slurring his words slightly. "I-just-wante-to-hav-one-evenin- wher-we-could-be wi-Felix. All-thre-o-us-together" "You-always-out-always oth- friends-always-hockey. Never me."
John's eyes followed the lean boy, as he sprinted again from the centre and shot another goal, just seconds before the whistle blew, and John couldn't help but feel admiration for the boy's talent underneath his jealously, as he was undoubtedly very talented.
"Ohmygoodness he's adorable!" She exclaimed jumping up and down and making baby noises at Felix and tickling him. "What's his name?"
"Hello Felix, I am Molly, very pleased to meet you." She stuck out her hand, and was astonished to see Felix grasp it with his little fingers and try to shake it. She looked up to Sherlock, who looked pleased and said.
As it came to an end Felix began to cry, his little face screwed up in anger at there being no more fireworks. John bobbed him up and down to try to calm him but he couldn’t do anything. Sherlock reached over and took him from John and immediately Felix ceased his crying, staring into Sherlock’s eyes with his own wide open, the tears already beginning to dry on his face.
"I can't believe that you have been at this school for three years already and you've never come this way!" John stated, as he started to walk towards the school with Sherlock traipsing behind, who just made a grunt in reply and pulled his bag further onto his shoulder.
The house was extremely neat, and everything seemed to have its place somewhere, despite there not being a large excess of stuff, and the things not of excellent quality or high cost, and everything having a misshapen feel to it. He came through into the lounge where his father was sitting on his armchair, looking like he hadn't moved in a week. He didn't turn his head when John entered, but kept flicking through the TV channels with the remote in his hand.
"No. Or I will... I will... tell your parents where you really are!" Sherlock declared triumphantly, looking smug.
Sherlock wasn’t expecting the deep plunge into the cold water at the end and came up gasping for air and looking around desperately for John, who was standing smugly at the side of the plunge area.
John looking panicked, was handed the child from the man, and took a step backwards to stand next to Sherlock who had risen from the floor on hearing what the man had said. Together they watched him run towards the cluster of trees.
"Its for the 7 month old birthday, which apparently the number 7 and an anniversary is associated with copper, so that's why the box has-"
John's heart broke even more at this, the sight of his friend who was always strong, always sarcastic and defiant, always the one who never showed emotion, suddenly becoming someone who needed him. John tightened his lip so he could appear stronger than he felt, and moved over and sat next to his friend.
"Sorry, I just, him as a father... Sorry. So um How long have you had him for? The um, child I mean."
John smiled at his little sleeping face which was scrunched up with the dream he was obviously having. Next to him in the bed was his favourite 'toy' at the moment- his small pair of science goggles which Sherlock had given him some weeks ago. They never seemed to leave his side, he always had them in his hands, on his head or wearing them. John thought that there could be worse things for him to be attached to, there could of course be more normal things, but with Sherlock as a father, and the situation they were in, he was hardly being brought up in a 'normal' environment!
"Okay." He breathed out, not knowing why he was so nervous. "This is going to seem pretty strange. But... Well, Sherlock and I.... Sherlock and I... have... Um-"
"I need to find one. Nobody will bloody work for us! We are too young, or it's inconvenient, or I'm 'too rude'! Nobody will do it!"
His eyes followed my every move, as I walked over towards our kettle- we had 'borrowed' it from the kitchen downstairs, Sherlock insisting we would give it back after just using it for just the one cup of tea... Something which (unsurprising to me) hadn't happened yet. Not that I was really complaining. I flicked it on, and pulled out a tea bag and cleanish looking mug. Turning around, I tried to match Sherlock's quizzical gaze with one of my own.
John sighed and put his hand back to his head. "Sherlock, are you really going to approve of any of the nannies we ask with that attitude? I mean do they really have to be, I don't know, 'Marie Curie' before they are fit to take care of him?"
John groaned. "Anderson? Great. Why on earth Mike hangs out with him. Mike's actually okay! But Anderson..." He shook his head.
So Sherlock sat and waited for John to return, mulling over in his brain what had happened. He was going to confront John, that was for certain. Although as Sherlock thought about it, he didn't quite know what he would confront him about... Of course he realised he felt jealous towards the other players and that the hockey players now took up all of John's time, but Sherlock couldn't understand why he had felt so jealous. After much deliberating and questioning himself, the genius concluded there was no need to confront John as from as far as he could see, there was nothing to say to him on the matter. Instead Sherlock would just repress whatever he had been feeling earlier on that day.
Sherlock's mouth began to twitch into a smile as they abandoned the pram and carried Felix down the street with them, watching all the other children go from house to house.
“Okay.” John looked up at Sherlock who had got up, and gone over to the baby’s cot. He stood up to join him, and they both looked down on the baby, Sherlock even showing faint hints of fondness on his face.
"Then we can keep him. I’m sure John and I are capable of looking after a child, Mycroft." He said sarcastically, sending him a glare
The room was plunged in thick black darkness and there was a moment where John took in the sudden silence after the loud noises of the club and all his friends joviality. Nervous anticipation had been ringing through his veins and left him almost shaky as he flicked on the light by the door, it had almost dissipated by the time he had got to the room however, as he was expecting due to the darkness, to see the room empty, but as the light flooded into the room and his eyes adjusted, he could see the skinny form of Sherlock sitting sprawled on the floor. His back was leaning against the wrong side of the sofa and his eyes were half shut in a stupor. John's face rapidly turned to one of worry as he spotted the small empty bottle of whisky lying just behind his friend, the cap thrown a few paces off.
He evaluated the facts, he was trapped in the room because of Felix, so he knew he couldn't go out and look for John until he had someone to take care of him. No matter what John thought, he wasn't entirely irresponsible, and cared more than he would admit for the little boy. With his phone completely out of use, he realised as he tentatively picked it up, shards of glass falling out as he did so, his only choice was to go and find Molly himself.
The girl looked at Sherlock with an angry expression, her arms crossed and tapping one foot, as he whirled around wildly, looking for Molly.
"You have to fill in this birth certificate, otherwise the child officially does not exist, and this may result in problems for him as he grows up... That's to say if you manage to cope that long with the child." He said, subtly taunting Sherlock without looking at him.
John knew that they would never have let him stay at Sherlock's for the entire holidays like he had done, and also he was terrified of what they would say about Felix. Him and his parents often didn't see eye to eye. They never had, they always preferred the more structured life, and wanted John to be as academic as possible. They certainly would not approve of this, what his father would call 'distraction!'
Sorry its been a while guys! Thankyou for all the support your comments mean a lot to me! So keep going with them if you like it! Enjoy!!
Sherlock’s mouth closed around his and they kissed with such passion, Sherlock cupping John’s face in his hands, and John’s arms twined around his neck, both of them feeling at last that this was exactly what they had been waiting for. It almost felt, as though they were coming home.
John picked up a small pair of blue, denim dungarees and put them in his already growing basket, he had sent Sherlock off in the shop twenty minutes ago to find some pairs of socks for Felix, a seemingly simple task, and he hadn't seen him since. Looking around, slightly concerned, he spotted his friend's tall figure over the other side of the shop, behind an aisle. As he approached him he could see that he also had a basket, a basket independent to John's own basket, which could never be a good sign. As John looked closer, he could see that it was filled to the top with dark looking garments which he couldn't quite identify.
They set off down the street, and started walking towards the shopping centre. Sherlock was walking at his normal, long stride, fast paced walk, when he suddenly realised how far behind John was.
John smiled into the camera, whilst Sherlock took a very wonky looking picture. The pair were out taking mock pictures for John's 'DofE adventure camp' that he supposedly had been at for the entire summer. He was going to visit his parents later on that day, and he had to give them convincing tales of his 'summer away' so they wouldn't suspect anything, which unfortunately included pictures of him.
"That's okay." Molly muttered, slightly taken aback at being thanked by Sherlock, although the whole afternoon had been surprising! Although Sherlock's new found politeness didn't last for long, a few seconds later he was back to his old self again.
Sherlock sat and thought about what to do about wrapping the present, the idea stressing him out more than any schoolwork had that year. He suddenly picked up his phone, deciding he needed advice on the matter and called up Molly.
"Sherlock... I don't know what to- I am really sorry." He blurted, a wave of emotion rushing over him. "If I had- If I had known you felt like this, I could've- been better to you." He cursed under his breath, and his eyes clocked the object Sherlock had thrown across the room, the paper slightly uncovered in the fall, showing the edge of something delicate and beautiful inside.
John felt uncomfortable. He wasn’t used to having this many strange looks, which was saying something, considering that he walks around with Sherlock Holmes, the most publicly ostentatious person he knew! These were different looks though. John could almost read what they were saying from their expressions as they walked by:
John walked up the street and looked at his small, detached house. His parents house. It didn't feel like he lived there or had ever lived there. They had moved there when he was 12 and he went of to boarding school the next year, and had barely seen the inside of the house since. And when they weren't on their horrible, rainy, family trips down in Cornwall, he came home for the holidays.
For the next hour Molly played a little with Felix, as they explained to her any questions she had about him, and then she suddenly thought.
John’s eyes narrowed into sharp slits, and he he grabbed his sisters mug violently out of her hand, and walked over to the kettle, as her peals of laughter filled the room.
“The mere fact it is called a ‘Slide of Death’ is quite enough to discourage.” Sherlock replied his eyebrows moving into a frown.
After a while, the baby became bored with the game and started to cry. Sherlock made a look of horror.
He was constantly helping Sherlock to get out of trouble, and seemed to always have someone who he could bribe to get needed information. This, not even starting to use the Holmes fortune, to which there was always access to as well.
He attempted to draw out a small diagram of the parts of a knee in his biology book, but had entirely forgotten the names of each of the parts. He should really get Sherlock to help him he thought to himself, shutting his book in defeat. Sherlock no doubt understands all the topics up to and beyond degree level, and thinking about it, he should probably check on the pair.
“Hang on wait- How-?” but the man was gone already. John looked at the pile of boxes now at his feet.
Sorry it's been a bit of a while! Here is an extra extra long chapter to make up for it! :) I got a little carried away should have split into two but It all goes too well together for that! Please comment! Enjoy!!! :)
John had felt that between the options of leaving the child alone for hours with Sherlock, and risk his shopping abnormalities, he would go with the latter.
"Well that's all, goodbye Molly. See you at school." He insisted. ushering her out of the door and firmly shutting it behind her.
"A girl. John, that's my lad, who is she?" For the first time, taking his attention away from the television, and putting it fully onto his son.
"Yeah, the one who doesn't speak a lot and spends all her time in the art department. She said she wouldn't really be in our dorm much." She looked slightly sad as she mentioned it.
Thankyou to anyone who is still reading this!!! I'm sorry i've had so many exams at school so I haven't been updating much! :( But I promise I will try to be better with it! Here's another chapter for you :) Please please comment if you enjoy it as your comments mean the world to me!! Thankyou!! Xxxx
Why then did he feel so strange when John had called the pair of them that? Of course they were Felix's parents and therefore his father. So... fathers. Felix's fathers. His dads? They must be. It made sense in all of the logical ways he was pondering in his mind, but what didn't make sense to him was that strange new emotion he had felt. Something new which he couldn't put his finger on. He looked across again at John's face and suddenly didn't want this heavy atmosphere that now he could feel surrounded them to continue. So he went back to the sofa and sat back down, John's eyes following him as he did so. He took in a sharp breath and met John's anxious gaze. He then said what he had worked out to be the easiest way to relieve the tense look on John's face, which was making him scrunch up his features, in a way which made Sherlock wish to stop John's upset.
"Well we’re not dressing him in clothes with giraffes on them!" Sherlock retorted, counter-pointing to John's basket where there was a little blue babygro at the top, with little animals dancing on it.
John spent the next week finishing the book, which gave him all sorts of ideas all which Sherlock ridiculed, Each and every time he was told a new one, he couldn't help but slate whatever John had said. For example, when John went and bought a loud, ticking clock and put it next to Felix’s cot, (because he had read that it stimulated the sound of a Mother’s heartbeat) Sherlock's reply was: ‘or the sound a ticking bomb,' and subsequently the next day in annoyance at the sound, threw the clock out of the window. Where it got run over by a taxi.
Mycroft gave John a nod of acknowledgement and headed for the door. Pausing only for a moment to say one final thing.
“Right.” John fiddled with his lapel, and his shoes were pinched and squeaky against the floor. “I’ve been studying my arse off this past month, I think I’ve finally become a decent doctor,” he offered.
John hummed, tapping his printed ticket lightly on the counter. “Will this ‘interesting’ lead to another prohibited outing?”
Easy for John to say. He wasn’t currently reciting the countries of the world in alphabetical order in a useless attempt to control a quickly hardening erection. “How are you-” Sherlock tried to helplessly ask, only having to choke off his words with a desperate sound when John tilted his head even more to nibble at his jaw.
“Alive,” John said. “And well. She calls me all the time, I’m surprised you haven’t heard her. She’s quite the talker.”
Sherlock waved it away, like warrants were but a boring concept. “It’s not my fault you can’t keep up!” He started back down the stairs, two steps at a time.
"The chasm isn’t all the way out, just in the immediate perimeter due to the facility's weight," Sherlock replied. He seemed unsure, which wasn't the best tone to use at the moment. "I did the maths earlier, and there's a small point in time that we can jump before the rail speeds up, and after passing the canyon. It's a very precise moment; we have to time it perfectly."
Sure, he wasn’t the finest bloke back in uni. Didn’t call a girl back here and there, might’ve shouted things he didn’t mean at his sister, didn’t visit his mum as often as he should. And, yeah, okay, maybe in the army he did particular things behind closed doors that he regretted later on, and didn’t hold back from voicing those regrets towards those… said… regrets. To their faces. So, okay,
The man was unpredictable, so Sherlock wasn’t sure how much good his ‘expert opinion’ was in this circumstance. John had seen death and had brushed it himself once before, so it wasn’t a near-death state of shock that he was reacting to. There hadn’t been a flare-up of his PTSD (his nightmares had waned over the last few months, and Sherlock hadn’t heard him screaming in weeks), and his limp was still a non-issue. On paper, John Watson was perfectly fine.
John tries picking individual strings. “Composing,” he muses. “Have you ever written anything on the guitar?”
Molly flung herself around, eyes suddenly sharp and unnervingly Sherlockian on his face. “You,” she breathed. “You mean, that… are you saying…?”
Both men groaned simultaneously when John gripped them both in his hands. Sherlock sighed breathily and gripped John’s shoulders, and John had his lips and tongue and
ME: I’ll either make another log tonight or tomorrow. Nevertheless, and especially today, our conversations have been enlightening. To say the least.
John fumbled out a couple bills and handed them over, the cabbie grunting in thanks. “I noticed immediately, thank you very much,” John said, crawling out into the light afternoon’s sprinkle. He squinted up at the rain clouds with a frown. “Can’t blame me, though. In Stansex I was a bit preoccupied as you might recall.”
John is about to object, but Sherlock cuts him off. “Down down down,” he says evenly, prompting John to follow his lead with the pick. Sherlock himself isn’t touching the strings, instead only miming along with his words. “
“These things…” Sherlock starts again, prompting John to lower the paper once more with a stifled grumble. Sherlock’s facing him again, cheekbones flushed, but that could just be from the steam. He keeps his eyes up somewhere closer to the ceiling than the table. “Is there… That is, would you say that there’s a specific subject matter?”
John was going to ignore the ease this boy apparently held when breaking into top-secret files. “Weird as in…?”
Sherlock had to remember that this was a heavily impaired man he was dealing with, so he pulled back reluctantly to ask: “Are you sure?”
in a room stuffed with their closest friends, stifled and embarrassed, but he also can’t find the will to deny Sherlock any longer.
Sherlock turned down one of the main streets, keeping a lookout as well. “You told Sarah that you always left the night before.”
“She’s in position,” Mycroft informed, and something must have flashed across John’s expression because he said firmly, “
When Sherlock turns his head and meets John’s stare, he blanches. Molly says one more thing, gesturing towards the sitting room, and when Sherlock doesn’t immediately react she takes a step forward and nudges him out of the kitchen.
There was only one way to find out the truth. While Sherlock’s back was turned, haggling over wines, John grabbed his phone and texted the newest number in his recent calls.
Somewhat unsettled, John was about to bid Mike farewell and make the miserable trek back home, but Mike beat him to it. “Say, you said you needed a job, yeah?”
“Not the shirt,” he commanded in a decently-strong voice. Let him have this one thing, if John Watson was going to consume everything else. After a charged moment John jerked his hand from his grasp and nodded, once, before dropping to his knees and sucking down Sherlock’s cock.
Sherlock, twitchy as he lounges on the couch, swivels his hips without warning so he’s upside-down with his bare feet lightly thudding against the wall. He narrows his eyes. “Hm,” he hums.
She was hooking back in her earbuds. “Well, you should be,” she said frankly. “You two would make a lovely couple.”
The knee bouncing won’t work forever, now that Rosie knows how to walk. Sherlock tries anyway. “Okay,” he says slowly.
The response didn’t come until John was just sliding on his shirt, happy that he didn’t have to wear that awful skin-tight suit for the day.
He turned to meet John’s eyes again, but this time they were wide with expectancy. That seemed to be the Sherlockian equivalent to pleading.
He pushed back impatiently. “More,” he growled, voice thick. If John Watson was going to tear down every brick of his foundation, then Sherlock Holmes wasn’t going down without a fight.
Sherlock pulled back with tight lips. “Immensely difficult, being this close to the only person whose blood is appealing to me. But manageable.”
“I know, I’m a doctor.” He absently sipped at the next one, eyes flickering between the man sitting across from him and the menu, and said, offhandedly, “Adrenaline seems to be a popular subject between us.”
later, I’m at my wit’s end.” He stops by the hatrack, suddenly, utterly deflated, and pinches the bridge of his nose. “John,” he says tiredly. “Why do you need to know?”
(the only literature he’s admitted to liking), and his hands freeze above a navy, rectangular box. His fingers flutter.
“I used to think you were a ghost,” John said tightly. “When we first met. Every adjective I connotated with you was something along the lines of inhuman. The fact that the only way to describe you, was to describe the opposite of what you should be. The opposite of a human.” He held those silver eyes in his, trying to enunciate his words through his stare. “You are a legend in Stansex, you know. Seventy years ago, you are said to have arrived and slaughtered an innocent life. You are not allowed back on the territory, Mary told me. If you step foot in Stansex, something terrible will happen.” He swallowed, voice wavering. “It makes a man think.”
“It’s… stiff, but nothing too major.” He blinked at her, questioning, while he struggled through righting his sock. Bart’s seemed relatively calm, now that finals were over and summer internships beginning. That didn’t explain her excitement.
“I was. Thanks, then. It’s just- well, I’m sort of in the dark in all of this, is all. Twelve hours ago, I was wondering what I was having for dinner. Now, I’m halfway across the world and part of the largest project in mankind’s history.” John ignored a shiver as they reentered the air conditioning, and accepted the water that was given to him. “It’s... a lot to take in,” he finished carefully.
“Oh, here, I’ve got her,” John says, but before he can, Sherlock takes her himself in a move that he’s ever so perfected, gentle and sure. He does this so often, stealing Rosie for himself, that John’s surprised he
Even though the sun was out earlier, the sky was far from cloudless. It really wasn’t a surprise. “Fine by me, as long as you eat half of it. I’ll look through the telly for a pay-per-view.” He paused, fingers toying with the remote. “Say, Sherlock- if I invited you to a lake tomorrow evening with me and a group of people from the village, would you go?”
John did as instructed, facing the nose of the miniature ship away from his body. He ran a finger between the ship’s belly and the hoop, and when he found the notch, he pressed up.
John watched him oddly, watched the play of emotions on his face like sunlight on a riverbed. “So there’s a possibility that we’re being stalked?”
“Could be worse” says Mike gaily. “They could be charging you for all of those cheeseburgers.” He points at the nuggets. “Are you going to eat them?”
They arrived at Perpignan soon after sunset, where Holmes found, as he had expected, letters from M. Anderson, the contents of which grievously affected him. “My God” said Sherlock to his father as he looked upon his shaking hands and noted the timbre of his voice; “will you have to leave Bakersfield?”
“Oh, look, there he is!” Violet sits up in her seat, waving enthusiastically down to John’s blond head below.
Sherlock, terrified for the consequence of the indignation that flashed in John’s eyes, urgently assured John, that Moriarty was not at home. At the wavering accents of his voice, John’s eyes softened instantly from wildness into tenderness. 'You feel it too, Sherlock,' said he, 'they will destroy us both! Forgive me, that I dared to doubt your affection.'
. “Righto, drumroll please….” The little group on the bed and Mike began a rumble of applause.  From the corner of his eye it looked as if Sherlock was rolling his eyes so hard they would spin out of their sockets.  “Guys, that was a bit half-arsed. I’m not going to get it out just for – oi!” he dodged away from Sarah’s poking foot under the blanket.
“My dear, though I would guard you against the dangers of sensibility, I am not an advocate for apathy.  I would not teach you to become insensible. To pride yourself only on the powers of your mind is vanity; if you yield to it, your happiness is lost forever. I have exhausted myself,' said Holmes, feebly, 'and have wearied you, my Sherlock; but, on a subject so important to your future comfort, I am anxious to be perfectly understood.'
While he paced the room with thoughtful steps, and Mycroft sat silently on a couch, at the upper end of it, waiting till the servant returned, Sherlock was observing the singular solemnity and desolation of the apartment, viewed, as it now was, by the glimmer of the single lamp, placed near a large Venetian mirror, that duskily reflected the scene, with the figure of Moriarty passing slowly along.
'It does not suit me to answer enquiries,' said Moriarty.  Sherlock rose to withdraw. 'Good night, brother,' he said, with assumed composure.  'Good night, brother mine,' said Mycroft, in a tone of kindness, which his brother had never before heard from him, and summonsed the servant to show Sherlock his room.
As he sauntered on the rampart, Molly appeared at the hall door, looked cautiously round, and then advanced to meet Sherlock.
The entrance of supper somewhat interrupted the complacent discourse of Monsieur Mycroft and the painful considerations, which it had forced upon Sherlock. When the repast, which was rendered ostentatious by the attendance of a great number of servants, and by a profusion of desserts, was over, Sherlock retired to his chamber, which was small and at the back of the house.
John chokes back a startled laugh. “I was hoping to run into you today,” he starts, rummaging through his backpack. “I’ve got something for you.” He hands over the battered A4 envelope, feeling suddenly nervous, like he wants to rip it back and forget the whole thing.
Eight other guests sat round the table, who were all dressed in uniform, and had all an expression, more or less, of wild fierceness, of subtle design, or of licentious passions. As Sherlock surveyed them, he remembered the scene of the preceding morning, and again believed himself surrounded by banditti; then, looking back to the tranquillity of his early life, he felt scarcely less astonishment, than grief, at his present situation. The scene, in which they sat, assisted the illusion; it was an antient hall, gloomy from the style of its architecture, from its great extent, and because almost the only light it received was from one large gothic window, and from a pair of folding doors, which, being open, admitted likewise a view of the west rampart, with the wild mountains of the Apennine beyond.
The servant, who came to light Moriarty, bowed in silence. Moriarty noticed the salutation by a slight motion of his hand, and passed on, while his husband, following, and looking round with a degree of surprise and discontent, which he seemed fearful of expressing, and Sherlock, surveying the extent and grandeur of the hall in timid wonder, approached a marble stair-case. The arches here opened to a lofty vault, from the centre of which hung a tripod lamp, which a servant was hastily lighting; and the rich fret-work of the roof, a corridor, leading into several upper apartments, and a painted window, stretching nearly from the pavement to the ceiling of the hall, became gradually visible.
“I could be wrong ... but I think that’s none of your business,” John replies, knuckles white on the saucer.
'If I am better, to-morrow, Sherlock,' said Holmes as he leaned upon his son’s arm, 'I mean to set out at an early hour, that we may travel towards home. In the present state of my health and spirits I cannot look on a longer journey with pleasure.' Sherlock was grieved at his father's sudden wish to do so, which he deduced indicated a greater degree of illness than his father would admit to. Holmes now retired to rest, and Sherlock to his little chamber, but not to immediate repose.
'Enough of him,' said Sherlock; so Molly returned to a mention of the disagreement between Moriarty, and her master. 'It is nothing new,' said she: 'we saw and heard enough of this at Venice, though I never told you of it, sir.'
Molly had also heard of Count Wilkes, but only that he was lodged in a cottage in the wood below, and that every body said he must die.
His knock is answered by John’s roommate, the one who John (ever so satisfyingly) beat in the pommel horse final. Bill looks at Sherlock for a long moment, then steps back and opens the door.
Not arguing the point, Sherlock continued. 'But I fear it is now too late to deliberate upon this plan, and I must regret, that it is no longer in my power to reject it.'
“Yes, yes, I’m sure there’ll be plenty of opportunities in the future, dear. Meanwhile, there’s Caipirinhas at the hotel bar, so all is not lost, eh, darling girl?” Sherlock, eyes closed at his parent’s shameful behaviour, so he misses the huge wink his father throws at John over his wife’s shoulder as they walk away.
Monsieur Mycroft only shuddered as he looked down precipices near whose edge the chairmen trotted lightly and swiftly, almost, as the chamois bounded; but Sherlock experienced various emotions of fascination, delight, such admiration, astonishment, and awe, as he had never experienced before.
He was jolted back to reality by Sherlock giving a round of applause next to him, John joining in out of instinct more than anything else. Good thing too, as Mary was walking over to them, puffing with exertion. “Hello boys!” she said cheerily, standing over them. John pushed himself to his feet, returning the greeting even as he realized he had no idea what to say next. He looked down at Sherlock and extended a hand, pulling the taller man to his feet.
John’s grin faltered a little. “A drink?” He gestured to the small poolside bar. “There’s no alcohol here, of course, but there’s a vending machine, they have powerade, or tea, or coffee? Or snack? They have muffins, or fruit or… something?”
“No, no, this is mine now,” John calls as he runs, Sherlock giving chase with his open suit jacket flapping behind him. Sherlock barrels into John’s side but doesn’t break stride before eventually overtaking him, long legs running away from John and out of sight into the building lobby.
Sherlock stood outside the door. This was clearly his room. The wear pattern on the 180-270 degree arc of the doorknob was indisputable, despite its recent installation. There could be no mistake. A raucous shout of laughter preceded a group of fellow village occupants making their way up Sherlock’s hallway, forcing him back against the opposite wall. Sherlock inclined his head, observing the door knob once more as the noise from the unformed rabble faded. Incontrovertible. Setting his shoulders, he knocked.
The other, who appeared to be about forty, had features of a different cast, yet Italian, and his look was slow, subtle and penetrating; his eyes, of a dark grey, were small, and hollow; his complexion was a sun-burnt brown, and the contour of his face, though inclined to oval, was irregular and ill-formed.
The stranger repeated his apology, and Sherlock then said something in reply, when the stranger eagerly advancing, exclaimed, 'Good God! can it be—surely I am not mistaken—the young Monsieur Holmes?—is it not?'
'But all this was told me for a great secret,' rejoined Molly 'and I am sure, ma'am, you would not hurt either me or Benedetto, so much as to go and tell it again.' Sherlock remained silent, and Molly repeated her last sentence.
Sherlock tosses the ball up in the air, leaps across the floor, landing on hands and feet, pelvis raised up in the air before the ball falls out of the sky and Sherlock catches it between his knees. In one sinuous movement, he is up and leaping across the floor, ball bouncing along the way.
'Nay, that is more than I can do. I only know that the Signor is just come home in a very ill humour, that he has had us all called out of our beds, and tells us we are all to leave Venice immediately.'
“No, I’m serious. They show off your calves. Really.” John looks up at Sherlock, feeling the first cold tendrils. “Why didn’t you meet me at the bus? Did you, did you not want…” John trails off, throat thick.
Holmes rejoiced when he reached the carriage, but it was evening when they descended the lower alps, that bind Rousillon, and form a majestic barrier round that charming country, leaving it open only on the east to the Mediterranean. The cheerful tints of cultivation once more beautified the landscape; for the lowlands were coloured with the richest hues, which a luxuriant climate, and an industrious people can awaken into life. Groves of orange and lemon perfumed the air, their ripe fruit glowing among the foliage; while, sloping to the plains, extensive vineyards spread their treasures. Beyond these, woods and pastures, and mingled towns and hamlets stretched towards the sea, on whose bright surface gleamed many a distant sail; while, over the whole scene, was diffused the purple glow of evening. This landscape with the surrounding alps did, indeed, present a perfect picture of the lovely and the sublime, of 'beauty sleeping in the lap of horror.'
15.766. God, what a score!  North Korea’s Ri Se-gwang was waving to the crowd, in the gold medal position after that effort. 0.25 of a point between him and Shirai - not a bad margin, but Denis Ablyazin was running up and – that was solid too!  John looked up at the board as the scores were tallied - a tie!  A murmur ran through the crowd. Ablyazin was tied with Shirai in the silver medal position with Henry coming up – come on Henry!  John looked down at where Henry was approaching the starting area – the 6.4 starting difficulty of this vault flashing up on the screen. This was Henry’s most difficult vault – but he’d done in it the team competition.
During several days the travellers journeyed over the plains of Languedoc; and then entering Dauphiny, and after winding for some time among the mountains of that romantic province, they began to ascend the Alps. And here such scenes of sublimity opened upon them as no colours of language must dare to paint! Sherlock's mind was even so much engaged with new and wonderful images, that they sometimes banished the idea of John, though they more frequently revived it. These brought to him recollection the prospects among the Pyrenees, which they had admired together, and had believed nothing could excel in grandeur. How often did he wish to express to John the new emotions which this astonishing scenery awakened, and that he could partake of them! Sometimes too he endeavoured to anticipate John’s remarks, and almost imagined him present.
‘—when you return home, go to it; and, beneath the board I have described, you will find a purse of about two hundred louis d’ors; and a packet of written papers. Attend to me now, for the promise you have given particularly relates to what I shall direct. These papers you must burn—and, solemnly I command you, WITHOUT EXAMINING THEM.'
John?”  Sherlock replied impatiently. “Did he eat it? The likely scenario would be to dispose of it somewhere along the way, a dumpster, a bin, just in case someone caught him with it.”
Sherlock ascended the marble staircase, and came to the corridor, as they passed through which, Molly resumed her chat—'What a wild lonely place this is, monsieur! I shall be quite frightened to live in it. How often have I wished myself in France again! I little thought, when I came with my lord to see the world, that I should ever be shut up in such a place as this! This way, down this turning. I can almost believe in ghosts again, and such like, for this is just like one of their castles; and, some night or other, I suppose I shall see goblins too, hopping about in that great old hall, that looks more like a church, with its huge pillars, than any thing else.'
'No, monsieur, I called at the door as I passed, but it was fastened; so I thought my master was gone to bed.'
when she presented the Fiji Rugby Seven's team their gold medals - the country's first ever Olympic medal. The joke John makes is a riff on
When Moriarty and M. Anderson re-joined them, the party left the portico for the gardens, where the charming scenery soon withdrew Sherlock's thoughts from painful subjects. The majestic forms and rich verdure of cypresses he had never seen so perfect before: groves of cedar, lemon, and orange, the spiry clusters of the pine and poplar, the luxuriant chesnut and oriental plane, threw all their pomp of shade over these gardens; while bowers of flowering myrtle and other spicy shrubs mingled their fragrance with that of flowers, whose vivid and various colouring glowed with increased effect beneath the contrasted umbrage of the groves. The air also was continually refreshed by rivulets, which, with more taste than fashion, had been suffered to wander among the green recesses.
'What, monsieur, don't you remember Hopkins—who rowed the Cavaliero's gondola, at the last regatta, and won the prize? And who used to sing such sweet verses under my lattice, in the west portico, on the moon-light nights at Venice? O! I have listened to her!'—-
The Paris as described fits both the 16thC century and also the 18thC time of writing, where Paris was a glamourous hub of fashion, culture and art but also risqué behavior and licentiousness.  Gambling (or gaming) was of course a fixture of social life at the time and everyone did it - Lizzy Bennett plays very genteely at cards in Pride and Prejudice, but of course 'deep' play for lots of money could ruin whole families and fortunes overnight (remember that doofus Francis in Poldark!)  King George IV himself had to ask the British parliament for a loan of £60,000 to pay his debts (£6,451,000 today) which did not make him many friends.  Here's a scene from the 18thC
"No he's not, I'm sorry." John affirmed grinning and looking back up to Sherlock and catching his eye for a moment, before he continued with the experiment.
Sherlock waded through the pool and around a corner, taking him into the jungle area which had long overhanging plastic leaves falling into the water, and the edges decorated with parrots and plastic animals, all which shaded it into almost a small private part of the pool. John followed his friend laughing.
“Why don’t you want me to read the book?” John asked suspiciously, his eyes narrowing at his friend whilst looking up at Sherlock’s indignant face.
Once Sherlock got back, he dumped the bags on the floor and collapsed into his chair. John hearing him come in brought the baby through and put him on the floor, where he gave him the union jack cushion of John’s own chair, for the baby to hug. John looked over at the pile of shopping on the floor, suddenly wary as to what Sherlock had bought, he went over and started to root around in the bags.
Although in the story we haven't yet seen the mysterious chateau (other than the moonlight glinting off the roof and weather vane), I like to picture the chateau as something like this:
As he said this, he rose and quitted the room, leaving Sherlock and John in a state of mutual embarrassment.
“Git!” said John fondly, sending a splash of water at Sherlock, whose dark head retreated under the water like a seal.
'It will certainly come down,' said M. Anderson; ‘but my good sir, I will not dispute with you. You must return to Paris before our ideas can at all agree. But apropos of Venice, I have some thoughts of going thither, next summer. In that case I shall leave the improvements I mention to another year.'
Sherlock, whom Molly had now infected with her own terrors, listened attentively; but every thing was still, and Molly proceeded:
'That is the very place, monsieur. But cheer up, and do not take it so much to heart, and think what a little time you have to get ready in, and how impatient the Signor is. Holy St. Mark! I hear the oars on the canal; and now they come nearer, and now they are dashing at the steps below; it is the gondola, sure enough.'
“Yes,” continued Bill as if there had been no interruption, “tell us, was that Australian synchronized swimmer a secret genius as well?  Or what about that Canadian horse riding chick, hmm?”
He now put aside the book, and took his violin, for it was seldom that his sufferings refused to yield to the magic of sweet sounds; when they did so, he was oppressed by sorrow, that came from excess of tenderness and regret; and there were times, when music had increased such sorrow to a degree, that was scarcely endurable; when, if it had not suddenly ceased, he might have lost his reason. Such was the time, when she mourned for her father, and heard the midnight strains, that floated by her window near the convent in Languedoc, on the night that followed his death.
'I know neither for certain; but I heard Hopkins say something about going, after we get to terra-firma, to the signor's castle among some mountains, that he talked of.'
At that moment, a slight young woman walked in the door, AUSTRALIA emblazoned across her bright yellow jersey. “Ah, hello,” she said, “I’m Melissa?” the upwards inflection of her accent making it sound like she was asking for confirmation.
Not choosing to submit himself to a contest with these, he, at length, departed, and, returning home in a state of mind approaching to frenzy, wrote to Sherlock of what had passed, expressed without restraint all the agony of his heart, and entreated, that, since he must not otherwise hope to see him immediately, Sherlock would allow him an interview unknown to Moriarty. Soon after he had dispatched this, his passions becoming more temperate, he was sensible of the error he had committed in having given Sherlock a new subject of distress in the strong mention of his own suffering, and would have given half the world, had it been his, to recover the letter. Sherlock, however, was spared this by the suspicious policy of Mycroft, who had ordered, that all letters, addressed to his brother, should be delivered to himself, and who, after having perused this and indulged the expressions of resentment, which John's mention of Moriarty provoked, had consigned it to the flames.
This allusion roused the pride of Sherlock, who could no longer be silent. He explained the whole subject upon which he had mistaken Moriarty in the morning, declaring, that he understood him to have consulted him solely concerning the disposal of Bakersfield, and concluding with entreating, that he would write immediately to M. Anderson, and rectify the mistake.
Sherlock rubs his scalp, where John’s hands had checked him for injury just moments ago, and gestures to the unconscious body next to him as he winces himself up into a sitting position. “It’s the attacker, John.”
Sherlock laughs this time, before taking a quick step forward and thrusts the cushion into John’s chest. “Good luck tomorrow, John,” he says, exquisitely formal.
'Alas! I cannot assist you,' replied Douglas, with a deliberating air. 'Your only chance of refuting the calumny, and of making people understand what you wish them to believe, is to persist in your first assertion; for, when they are told of the Chevalier's want of discernment, it is possible they may suppose he never presumed to distress you with his admiration.—But then again—that diffidence, which renders you so insensible to your own perfections—they will consider this, and Watson's taste will not be doubted. In short, they will, in spite of your endeavours, continue to believe, what might very naturally have occurred to them without any hint of mine—that the Chevalier has taste enough to admire a beautiful man.'
“Er, I’ll just wait out the front?” John says pointedly. “So you can say goodbye to your family?”  John gets a good luck hug from Violet, a handshake from Sieger, and a nod from Mycroft.
The volunteer on the door very kindly lets John stand at the back for the medal ceremony. He’s proud, so proud; it’d been a long road to come and fight and a podium finish was what everyone dreamed of. A bronze medal. By the end of the medal ceremony it looks like it’s all about to catch up with her – Sarah looks about ready to collapse, if John’s any judge.
“Don’t fret mate. Focus on tomorrow – there’s no aphrodisiac like a gold medal, I’ve heard. All the nice boys love a medallist!” And with a slap to John’s back that sent him stumbling, Bill was jogging off after the others, leaving John to his artificially flavoured drink and reflections on his horribly diminished flirting skills. Shit, he was getting
Sherlock paused, for, notwithstanding the terrors of darkness, he considered it to be very improbable, whoever he was, that he could have any interest in intruding upon Sherlock; and again the subject of his emotion changed, when, remembering her nearness to the chamber, where the veil had formerly disclosed a dreadful spectacle, he doubted whether some passage might not communicate between it and the insecure door of the stair-case.
Thus passed weeks after weeks, time gradually softening his sorrow, and habit strengthening his desire of amusement, till the scenes around him seemed to awaken into a new character, and John, to have fallen among them from the clouds.
There are about 20 beautiful, leggy girls arrayed behind him, piled into shot, manicured hands reaching for his chest to touch a gold medal, smiling for the camera as John mugs for it, front and centre. A knot of phone-wielding coaches and support staff jostle in front for the best position, flashes going mad. “Go ahead, make my day,” John croons to the group of happy-snapping matrons before flashing his widest, most charming smile.
Moriarty now said nothing of his intended journey, of which Sherlock waited impatiently to hear; and he was seldom at home but when the Count, or Signora Morstan, was there, for between himself and Douglas a coolness seemed to subsist, though the latter remained in his house. With Morstan, Moriarty was frequently closeted for hours together, and, whatever might be the business, upon which they consulted, it appeared to be of consequence, since Moriarty often sacrificed to it his favourite passion for play, and remained at home the whole night. There was somewhat of privacy, too, in the manner of Morstan's visits, which had never before occurred, and which excited not only surprise, but some degree of alarm in Sherlock's mind, who had deduced much of her character when he had most endeavoured to disguise it. After these visits, Moriarty was often more thoughtful than usual; sometimes the deep workings of his mind entirely abstracted him from surrounding objects, and threw a gloom over his visage that rendered it terrible; at others, his eyes seemed almost to flash fire, and all the energies of his soul appeared to be roused for some great enterprise. Sherlock observed these written characters of his thoughts with deep interest, and not without some degree of awe, when he considered that he was entirely in Moriarty’s power.
“Well, when people won’t listen to my friendly advice, what am I to do?” replied Mycroft, not looking up from his phone.
Sherlock’s surprise, on hearing such soothing and delicious sounds, was, at least, justifiable; for it was long—very long, since he had listened to any thing like melody. The fierce trumpet and the shrill fife of war were the only instruments he had heard, since his arrival at Musgrovio.
The road wound along the feet of the mountains through a pastoral valley, bright with verdure, and varied with groves of dwarf oak, beech and sycamore, under whose branches herds of cattle reposed. The mountain-ash too, and the weeping birch, often threw their pendant foliage over the steeps above, where the scanty soil scarcely concealed their roots, and where their light branches waved to every breeze that fluttered from the mountains.
The horrible roommate had done well. 15.833. Very well. But John could do better, he had scored higher.
John nods and smiles, and keeps smiling until the cameraman sticks his head out and tells them it’s clear. John exhales and downs the rest of the water.
Thither he followed, as soon as his servants could complete the necessary preparation for the journey, accompanied by a friend, and attended by a number of his people, determined to obtain Sherlock, or a full revenge on Moriarty. When his mind had recovered from the first effervescence of rage, and his thoughts became less obscured, his conscience hinted to him certain circumstances, which, in some measure, explained the conduct of Moriarty: but how the latter could have been led to suspect an intention, which, he had believed, was known only to himself, he could not even guess. On this occasion, however, he had been partly betrayed by that sympathetic intelligence, which may be said to exist between bad minds, and which teaches one man to judge what another will do in the same circumstances. Thus it was with Moriarty, who had now received indisputable proof of a truth, which he had some time suspected—that Wilkes's circumstances, instead of being affluent, as he had been bidden to believe, were greatly involved.
'You bring me strange tales, Molly,' said Sherlock: 'Was it the chamber where the black veil hangs?'. 'O! no, sir, it was one nearer to this. What shall I do, to get to my room? I would not go out into the corridor again, for the whole world!' Sherlock, whose spirits had been severely shocked, and who, therefore, did not like the thought of passing the night alone, told her she might sleep where she was. 'O, no, indeed!' replied Molly, 'I would not sleep in the room, now, for a thousand sequins!'
“I’m about to drop down a rope!” With that, he kicked the bundle of rope out the empty doorway, until the part closest to him was taut. Through the door, when the rope stilled he realized that it was a bit shy, just several meters above how high Sherlock could jump to get to it. There didn’t seem to be anything in the facility he could use to boost him up, as well.
Footsteps hurried towards them, heavy-footed, and John let Sherlock go with haste and moved away. The cold at Sherlock’s side was instant.
The boy’s hands were small but surprisingly dexterous as they fiddled with the intricacies of the ship in his hands. John was surprised that he hadn’t seen the obviously young member of the crew around the facility before. While his face was pristine like an AI’s, he held a sort of determination in the dramatic swoop of his eyebrows, not dissimilar of the expression a human child would make when pouring their own milk into cereal. John was utterly intrigued just watching the boy.
John laughed at that. “You’re not wrong.” As they entered the field, John picked up his pace. “I’m not sure I’ll be able to keep up, so I’ll see you around?”
“No one,” he said, turning his head straight forward. When she didn’t move, he sighed in defeat, and said, “Look, if I don’t leave now he’ll just go without me, so if you could-”
“Oh, my fault,” the woman replied. She was pretty, John noted absently, with dark skin and wildly curly hair. She must've noticed he was a new face, as she stuck out her hand in greeting. “Sally Donovan, commander. I haven’t seen you around, are you the new COM?”
The guitar trails off into something lighter, the pick being replaced instead by the gentle plucking of his fingertips. Sherlock studies John. “You were more aggressive,” he decides, “while inversely being more carefree, more willing to let the world happen around you. An odd combination. I was much more insufferable than I already am, back in the day; a meeting would have ended in either a curious friendship or a bloody nose on my part.”
He doesn’t wait for long. “Oh, go on,” Sherlock finally sighs, falling into the chair opposite and sweeping out his hand. The mild annoyance in his features is oddly comforting.
“Transport,” Sherlock commented offhandedly, as if John would be able to decipher his meaning from just that. Despite the man’s obvious fatigue, there was a lingering glimmer in his eyes that John recognized from days before. “Unimportant. I’ve finished readying the equipment and base data for our trip outside, and the planning is mostly complete. I’ve talked to Molly; unfortunately, she isn’t too keen on the idea and I didn’t want to push her past whatever limit she supposedly has. Luckily, though, I have a ‘plan B’, as they say.”
“Sounds like you scared him off, Johnny.” She stretched her legs, socked feet propping up on the coffee table. “Whatever you did, he’s having none of it. Best to be rid of him.”
“Got any scary stories?” He asked playfully, keeping his tone light. There was only one story he was interested in, but to give Mary credit, she seemed to realize that.
Sherlock shifted the jeep into park and jumped out onto the pavement. As he walked, he in no way seemed sore from the hours of cramped sitting, but then again he
“You need work like I need cases,” he rationalizes, t-shirt hem choking as Rosie attempts to climb him like King Kong. “If you go without it for too long, you’re an absolute horror to live with. Off with you!”
John’s eyes darkened, and he flung off his vest and grappled Sherlock by his waistband, tugging both trousers and pants down in a jerking movement without undoing them. Sherlock had slimmed considerably during his time away, so his clothes hardly fit anymore. John went to brush off Sherlock’s half-drawn shirt, but Sherlock grabbed his wrist with sudden importance.
“Ah, no,” she said slowly. Her typing was irregular. “You have a visitor on the top floor, requesting a meeting. I’m… that’s all right, isn’t it?”
Sherlock froze, looking for an instant like an actual statue frozen in time. Only, in a few moments, his face morphed from incredulous shock into some sort of quiet outrage. “You… You think I
Twenty minutes later, Sherlock was covered in mud from crawling through the hole in the ground hidden by the dumpster, and John was sporting a cut on his arm from tackling Hawthorne as he tried to escape. But Lestrade had shoved the similarly-filthy criminal into the back of his car and was walking towards the two men with a breezy smile.
“Go home, John,” Sherlock murmured, his own hands beginning to shake imperceptibly. He was on the verge of a panic attack.
Sherlock tightened his lips and burrowed his face against the curve of John’s neck, mouthing at the skin there softly. “You’ve no idea what you mean to me, do you?”
Sherlock was surprised John still remembered that first time, but the emotion was short-lived and soon morphed into a dizzying burst of pleasure as John mouthed his nipple wetly through his thin shirt. He came with a cut-off groan, unable to stop himself from seeking John’s mouth out again and pressing them together as if he required it like oxygen. His hands slid off John’s arse to dig his fingers into his back.
“I’m fine,” John said immediately, though he couldn’t help but lean heavily into the other man. He was being led quite hurriedly around the main chasm towards the bridge, the morning sun not yet hot but brightening considerably. Sherlock wouldn’t let him remove his mask. “How are we sneaking back in?”
He hears the front door open and close behind him. Something heavy drops over his shoulders, and he’s mildly surprised to discover it’s his own jacket. “Thanks,” he says. “Look, Sherlock, I’m sorry-”
Sherlock’s face is still hidden. John feels relief that he didn’t break his best friend, and then fondness, and then… well, he thinks. Something new. Something awfully familiar, though something he’s never felt this potently before. Something he probably knows the name to, but would never even
“No.” John licked his lips, and tilted his face up further to give Sherlock a better vantage. “Just thinking.”
Later on after John’s outing, after he had picked his jaw up from the floor from that particular turn of events, he realized precisely what Sherlock was ‘busy’ with. Or rather, who. He was just about to pass by the man’s door on the way to his own when it opened.
“Resident doctor,” he announced, tapping the title on his chest and hoping he was able to pull off this no-nonsense attitude. People didn’t like to argue with other people who showed authority. “I got a notification about someone requiring medical assistance. There better be a good bloody reason why it’s thirty minutes before wake-up and I’m not in my bed.”
“Yes…” John says slowly, suspiciously. There’s a rock forming in the pit of his stomach, and he really, really hopes that Sherlock’s (not?) about to ask if-
“All the more reason I should join you.” Sherlock, for all the glamor and confidence he inherently carried, suddenly looked unsure. “I know that I have been difficult to live with… and that I’ve been avoiding you lately, however circumstantially. And that won’t change, my constant mood swings and sudden sulks. But I’m…
But, for once, Sherlock didn’t comment on John’s idiocy. “No questions. Odds are, they’ll recognize me anyway, but… please. William Scott. Alright?”
The next morning, Sherlock was at his microscope when John emerged from the shower. He glanced up, taking what he could from observation. Eyes hooded, movements careful: hungover. He had shaved, though there was a slight cut on his cheek. Still drunk? No, it’s been 10 hours, give or take; malnourished. Low blood sugar, shaky. He wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes, even though he knew he was there.
Sherlock twisted his lips, but otherwise complied. “Every time there was a jump in energy used by the planet, there was a spike in deterioration in the general fertilization worldwide. We know that humanity was the first to suddenly lose the ability to procreate in the early 21st century, followed by animals, and then to where we are now, the gradual extinction of the Plantae kingdom.” They turned the corner, passing the bathrooms, so Sherlock was able to raise his voice, if just a tad. “There should be no earthly reason why the two sets of data correlate. Why the next time they build a sector, another species is knocked off the grid. I checked the files that RJ supposedly was able to hack into; the energy information was falsified, making it look more consistent than it really was with unknown sources. No wonder it tipped him off.”
And then he hesitated. Not in the vampire way, in the way that he would battle between sinking his teeth into John’s carotid artery or not, but in a completely different way, the way that softened his eyes and dropped his lashes, the way that thickened the pregnant air between them, hands settling on the table’s edge. Their foreheads brushed.
Something flashed in John’s eyes, and he tugged Sherlock forward by his wrist until they were flush. “Do you remember how to dance in one?” John asked, the bridge of his nose knocking at Sherlock’s chin. Sherlock could only shake his head, not sure if he could trust his words.
Inside, Sherlock is gone, somewhere behind the closed door of his bedroom. Nobody seems to have noticed John’s abrupt exit, nor the twenty-minute-long vanishment act that had followed. “He drank too much,” Greg chuckles, clapping John’s back on his way out. “Great party, by the way.”
“Well, that’s not why I like you,” John replied. After a beat, Sherlock nudged him back in acknowledgement.
Mary nodded, face grave. “Drained him of blood, in nana’s words. Afterwards, he grabbed the woman and dragged her away. She was screaming his name, ‘Sherlock Holmes, Sherlock Holmes’ over and over, hence the namesake of the legend. As they left, nana swears that his eyes were a brilliant red now, to match his mate’s.” She shrugged, and then the spell was broken. She huffed out a quiet laugh. “And then that’s the end of it, I suppose. Almost the end.”
He couldn’t meet his gaze, the anger beating at his face tangibly. “Me,” he replied, eyes trained everywhere other than the man just meters in front of him.
John rolled his hips, and both men sighed. “The first time,” John breathed, speaking of a forbidden thing, “You sat on top of me. Not like this, but…” He shuddered, beginning a rhythm between them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Sarah. The woman you bring coffee to in the mornings. Brown hair, plain face. You know, the-”
‘Has killed before’ should be a big red flag. A tip off to Scotland Yard, and then a new address in a new city. Just as a precaution. But, then again, John was already all kinds of fucked up, so instead: “Alright. I would prefer you didn’t, but. Okay.”
He studies John for a beat, and then gently turns back to the case and slides off the top. Nestled in maroon velvet is the pipe. “I…” he starts, and he’s looking at the box so lovingly that John nearly feels jealous. Perhaps a bit more than ‘nearly’. Sherlock swallows audibly. “You bought it.”
“Aye,” John responded sardonically, before walking in the opposite direction than Sherlock, parallel to the cliff’s edge. He didn’t know what he was looking for, but he decided that he needed to give the impression that his task required some distance. He went a bit further from the cliff’s edge to keep his anxiety levels from spiking again. He looked across the chasm to the dome, absolutely massive despite its near-kilometer distance and almost impossible to see through. There was a bridge John could see, around the curving edge of the chasm not too far off, and he could vaguely spot the headlights of hover-cars crossing on the overpass. Was that how they were getting back? It felt a bit better, knowing that they were still so close to civilization, less like their immediate death was inevitable. John turned back around to face the empty terrain.
is what he’s like… They only touch by Sherlock’s hand braced on his shoulder, but his nerves are ablaze and his tongue is thick and he’s both hot and cold at once.
“Understandable,” Lestrade replied. “Six years ago, I was a physics professor with an obsolete piloting certification. Now, for whatever the hell reason and after an assload of training, I’m leading a ship into the great unknown.” He downed his water in four great gulps, and then gave John a grin. “Scary as hell to hear your captain say things like that, huh?”
Sherlock nods. It disturbs John, that he agrees so willingly, that he watches Rosie without complaint when her daycare has to shut down for the week from a burst pipe, that he moves through his own flat like a ghost afraid to scare the living. John wants teeth, something to snag himself on, he wants—
Sherlock’s eyes were flying anywhere but John, yelling at people and demanding rudely at the paramedics. The hand covered with John’s blood was shoved in his pocket.
“Sherlock, let him go,” John ordered, hands patting the man's cheeks to bring him back to the present. “Look at me, right here. I’m right here.” Sherlock didn’t come down from wherever he was all at once, rather in intervals, his body wracked with shivers. “John,” he breathed. A pause, and then his charmingly vulnerable features went harsh again.
“Excuse me?” The guitar abruptly stops on a stray, out-of-tune note. He seems more offended by the last bit than the first, face painted in an expression equal parts confusion and affront. At this point, John’s not even surprised, but he
He begins to play Clair de Lune again. John drops a kiss to his temple, because he can, now. “Always?”
Sherlock opens his mouth, and then closes it again. His fingers squeeze lightly where they’re wrapped around Rosie’s leg. “I’m not going to use it,” he says quietly, though there’s a longing in his eyes as he tilts the pipe this way and that in his hand. Any moment now, his lower lip will push out into a pout.
Another coke was brought, and John ordered the grilled prawns with fried rice. Sherlock ordered nothing.
He waved his hand in a circle and tilted his head, miming a bow, before turning back to his microscope. Behind them both, the doors to the lab opened. John smiled when he recognized the visitor.
“John,” Sherlock breathed in agreement, hands bracing themselves on John’s hips. At this point, he didn’t care what his face betrayed. “Brilliant.”
John felt his eyebrows come together. “My own good? Sherlock, I’m an adult. I’ve been to war, I’ve- just. No. I can handle life in danger of criminals ambushing us in the street and rogue experiments, you know.”
John slammed the laptop closed and wretched it away, chest heaving under the pressure. He pressed a fist to his chest to keep the panic from bursting, his heartbeat pounding against his fingers. His bones throbbed with his veins.
John was close to it, though, from his constant physical activity, but his bones were weary and aged and not at all fit for the inactivity of zero-gravity. His head still stung from the hit earlier, and whenever he wasn’t running the field, he was plagued with a limp. His hand shook when it had nothing else to do, and John could already
In Islington, there’s a pedestrian road named Camden’s Passage that is the bulk of the antique stalls, already bustling with people on the Saturday morning, nearly noon. Predictably, Rosie whinges roughly two minutes into the journey from the cab, across the street, and to the passage, stubbornly refusing to walk, so Sherlock scoops her up and atop his shoulders with practiced ease.
Mycroft seemed disappointed, if his limited expressions were anything to go by. “No particular reason. It might make your journey easier, Dr. Watson, if there are some familiar faces aboard the ship.”
Sector A, the governing body of the free world, however, was in a completely different distinction of its own. When John read the letter itself, the ice sank lower and lower into his abdomen. “Oh,” he repeated hoarsely.
“Yeah, sure,” he says absently, dropping down to pick up the crumbly mess. He’ll have to hoover tomorrow, and makes a mental note to figure out where
221B. No, strike that; the safehouse Mycroft had organized for them on the coast, waves crashing somewhere outside and his skin damp and sticky with salt. There was a slight grit in the air. His fingers tensed on the grained wood of the table in front of him, the texture soothing him as if it tethered him to the Earth. It was easy to retreat into his mind when all he met in reality was the hopeless veil of black.
“Alright, thanks,” he murmured, feeling strangely lost. He just wanted to tell the arse off, damn it! Yeah, that’s why he couldn’t help but keep an eye out for every dark head of curls that passed, or shake the disappointment he felt when each sighting proved itself fruitless. He just needed to yell at the bloke, is all.
“No, keep playing,” John starts, shuffling forward so he’s not some ghost haunting the edges. “It’s lovely.”
John nodded, cleaning off the rest of the slab. He placed the bundle of lilies he brought at the base. “Yeah, me and Harry weren’t exactly planned. They were just a young couple who weren’t careful, and got twins on their first try.”
Sherlock huffed under his breath, as close as he was getting to a laugh. “I think you’re properly worn out from the last one, don’t you?”
“Once is chance, twice a coincidence, three times a pattern. Is what they say.” He spared the rose one last glance before dropping it to the mantle, instead meeting John’s eyes excitedly. “I’ll check it out at the Yard, bribe one of the detectives into letting me into the archives. It wouldn’t hurt to see if there’s a history of blue roses floating about.”
“Not at all.” As they emerged outside, the sky still dark with rain and the ground wet, Sherlock dug around in his trouser pocket. He pulled out a tin Altoid container, shaking the contents in John’s direction.
John rushed back online, and he gripped his cane tighter. He’s sure he looked even more breathless than he sounded. “Uh, yes, yes I am still in need for a flatmate. And I think that sounds just lovely, much closer to Bart’s than my current arrangement.”
And they’re off. John watches the car disappear down the street before he straightens his shoulders and lifts his chin, reminiscent of parade rest. This isn’t him. He’s not a coward, not someone who flees instead of facing the things he’s afraid of, who has a panic attack over a bloody
Sherlock closed his eyes, sighed, and finally looked at John with his face full of wariness. His eyes darted down to the plate, and then back up. “You eat, and I’ll talk.”
One day, no cases on in the last couple of weeks and Sherlock’s mannerisms beginning to get snappish, John proposes that they visit the antique’s fair over in Islington. It’s a bi-weekly event, rows of tables lining the passage swarming with people, the various stalls overflowing with the most delightfully random of artifacts. It’s an uncharacteristically warm September morning outside, after all, one of London’s rare cloudless days with a shimmering sun that is near-white against the blue; the perfect day for a stroll.
John hummed and watched him, and then watched the cars pass by. Surely it would’ve been faster to hail a cab, but Sherlock seemed unbothered and John was a professional at waiting, at this point.
The original estimate was five, but John wouldn’t be surprised, not at this speed. “If we survive it,” he replied.
John was instantly on guard. “What?” He peeked down the hallway, but no one else seemed to be up yet. “Are you out of your mind? You can’t leave the ship, the dome’s already been opened and we’ve all been cleansed already. You go out there, you might not even be allowed back on.”
“Hm. I’ll have to negotiate it with the boss, but I wouldn’t hold out much hope. She’s a true tyrant.”
“Goodnight, my love,” he says. Beside her, the rapid pulse fluttering at Sherlock’s throat matches John’s own, and he squints up to meet Sherlock’s eyes, the overhead light behind his head bright and fuzzy like a halo. Rosie is readjusted to fit more snugly against his side.
Sherlock felt like choking. He wanted to stumble forward and ease the pain, to pour meaningless comfort and platitudes and
Sherlock waved him away, eyes trained intently on his tablet. “I kept hydrated and fed. I suggested that you do the same, but you were too busy with… what was it, ‘dancing with the blonde with legs to her chin’?”
“… Right. Well. Last night in Stansex, you remember, when Mary told me that legend. About you. It feels like ages have gone by, but it’s only been a day. But, anyway, how you told me that ‘Stansex has a good memory’. It’s just, well… set off some sirens, to put it mildly. I made a list on things I’ve noticed about you, the things that are inhuman. In a word.” At Sherlock’s silence, he carefully continued.
Sherlock blinks up at him. Rosie babbles, fighting against Sherlock’s hand that’s securing her from falling. “John,” he says, “I may be a genius, but—”
“Hello boys,” Captain Greg Lestrade announced through the glass, arms crossed and eyebrow quirked. “Fancy seeing you both here.”
“It’s not worth it, mate,” John tried, eyes scanning the skyline as if it would miraculously provide a ladder up to a rooftop that didn’t exist. Surprisingly, none existed. The man in the gate took a step forward, slow and patient, and his smirk became visible in the light.
“Impossible,” Sherlock muttered, leaning further into the dumpster to observe. It smelled moldy, but not rotten. There was a layer of cardboard at the bottom. “This bin has been recently used, I’m sure of it.”
John turned his head towards the noise – it was coming from a gaping archway, the stone doors of it ajar to the suffocating blackness that lied within it. He realized with a start that it was the entrance to the catacombs; from the time he had visited, back in primary, he remembered that they were off-limits to visitors. He wasn’t ready to oppose the rule. And yet, he couldn’t ignore the sharp tone of the mobile phone, his curiosity warring with the adrenaline.
The back of Sherlock’s hand nudged against John’s waist. “Wha-” he tried to protest, but he was suddenly shoved off hard and he lost his footing. There was a split second of freefall, the warmth turning into a dropping, terrified chill and he didn’t quite remember, but he was sure he made some sort of embarrassing noise. Thankfully, he hit the ground with a huff instead of falling into the blackness. He heard Sherlock land a few feet away.
John closed his eyes again, suddenly exhausted. The heart monitor betrayed his reaction to the words. “Just… no more of that, unless you want my blood pressure to
The Moment is upon them. The backs of John’s fingers brush the royal-blue silk of Sherlock’s shirt, and it’s startlingly warm, warmer than his own skin. Sherlock’s chest shudders and he lowers his eyes. “Now?”
“Correct me if I’m wrong, doctor,” Sherlock said drily, “But I’d assume that shoving a wooden stake through any living thing’s heart would succeed in killing them, wouldn’t you agree?”
At the words, Sherlock’s face seemed to fall out of its frenzy, into something more familiar. “You’re… we’re…”
John grimaced in the mirror. “This is stupid,” he announced, completely giving up on the bow tie and letting it stay around his throat in a mangled mess. “This is a completely useless affair and I don’t want to partake in it.”
“What you just did. Dazzling people, with your...” He waved a hand in Sherlock’s general direction, clearing his throat.
And last was probably the oddest one of all: for one reason or another, Sherlock Holmes was endlessly fascinated with John, and John hadn’t the faintest idea why.
John mentally chides himself for bringing him up, but it was bound to happen eventually. “No, no. He’s back at ho- well, that is. At Baker street.”
He snapped his head in Mycroft’s direction, but the man hadn’t spoken. John frowned and shook his head of the floating words that had interrupted him, and didn’t even bother to finish what he was saying.
“Why aren’t we being stopped?” John asked over the slight wind. Beneath him was nearly a foot of space, the hyper-rail running on a magnetic field alone, his toes only just getting a grip on the barely-there lip. John kept his eyes firmly anywhere but the ground.
“Ma!” Rosie gurgles. They both pretend that she’s trying to say ‘Molly’. John clears his throat, sliding his palms up and down his jean-clad thighs.
A gasp, nearly silent if Sherlock wasn’t attuned to everything the world could offer a blind man. The pulse beneath his fingertips fluttered, soft and batting like drops of rain hitting a window. John removed his hands, only to rejoin them around Sherlock’s jaw, horribly fragile and unsteady as his thumbs slid along cheekbones. Sherlock wanted to run his fingers over John’s face and feel his expression in his hands.
He twirls around, stepping up and over his chair in the direction of the kitchen. “Compromise,” he says again, louder, rummaging around the table until he finds his pocket magnifying glass. “You like those. You’ve proven time and time again that you’re an asset at a crime scene, enough so that I can admit we’re more fruitful together than if I’m alone. If I can’t solve this case within the hour,
For the first few days, John pretended he was happy about it. Who needed someone that would make a man feel like utter shit just for the hell of it? John was better off, honestly. Those dark eyes, practically murderous, were stamped in his brain and behind his eyelids. It was unsettling. He should be
“You’re… familiar with her,” he grappled, unsure of his words. “You weren’t thinking about your leg. We both know it’s psychosomatic, but talking to her took the thought completely out of it.”
exist. When something is so far out of the ordinary, there has bound to be some citations on the matter. So, simply, John typed:
It was cool between them, but still, no exhalations coming from Sherlock's closed mouth. Suddenly, he made a soft noise in his throat and dropped his head to John’s shoulder, pressing his face to the fabric there.
Dinner’s been picked up from the table, Rosie’s high-chair wiped clean of sauce, and there’s a stack of used dishes and cookware next to the sink. Sherlock’s up to his forearms in soapy water, and doesn’t turn when John walks in. He’s washing dishes.
“I needed data,” Sherlock shot back, his own jaw beginning to betray his irritation. “I asked for permission
“It’s been so long!” She cried, cheeks flush as she withdrew. Collecting the papers she dropped, she stuck them behind the front desk as she straightened at her clothes.
That stung with a truth Sherlock was almost afraid to admit. “A grave error on your part,” he admonished with a humorless smile. “I don’t have friends. High-functioning sociopath, do you recall?”
Among the array of people combating, there was one that stood out. Funny that, the one that John noticed wasn’t even fighting, just standing meekly in her own corner as if she longed to be anywhere else. John furrowed his eyebrows. “Molly,” he said quietly.
Mary brough him out of his thoughts. “Yes. It’s just, well, the baby’s due in around a month if everything goes according to plan, and… John won’t have much free time, you know. He loved the stag night you did for him, still talks about it. He says it was the most ‘Sherlock thing he could have planned’, if that makes any sense. Regardless...  I would like for you to take him out for a night of drinking. Just one more night. Let him have some fun before he’s all bogged down with Ellie and me.”
It is a more likely thing, John supposes, that eyes so soft and so careful are masking the depths of an ocean behind them.
He smiled fondly. “No, not France. Yet another clever deduction. Now, where else did they hurt you?”
“Sher-!” John shouted, cutting himself off to fall into a string of curses. His hips were thrusting shallowly, so Sherlock reached up to brace his forearm to his lower abdomen and keep him still. He released him with a pop, only to lick his way teasingly down the shaft and back to return his ministrations.
gay!’” He does the impression with flourish, shooting up to round around the clutter towards the front door. John almost follows him, except his limbs won’t move and he can’t even
Later, it’s nearing ten, and it seems like the strike of midnight is an ocean away. An unlikely alliance between New Scotland Yard and a few of Sherlock’s homeless network have started up a game of charades in the corner, and everybody seems to be lightly tipsy and full of good cheer. John catches up with Mike and his wife, then Anthea, and he finally rounds back around to Mrs. Hudson, who’s fawning over the party and their decorating skills.
"I could kill you." Sherlock's jaw tensed, eyes darting to the side and swaying his body the barest centimeters back. "I try to be good, John, I
at what he didn’t. He was alone, now, the bleak beginnings of morning peeking through the curtains and slanting the sitting room in washed-out shades of blue. Sherlock, with endless patience that had only emerged during these past few days, respected John’s need to be given breathing room.
John saw the moment the boy stopped being a child and started being a robot, eyes carefully blanking and movements halting. He was trying to hide something, then, whether it was a physical thing or his own apprehension. “Yes,” he said.
John laughed aloud at that. “Has everyone really heard about that? First Sector A, then the First Officer, now you. Sure, I was top of my class in med school, but that was-”
“First of all, you and I get the same amount of sleep, so remember that before you decide to go all ‘mother hen’. Second, hangovers hardly last all day, so I’ll be fine come bedtime.” He then cocked his head, chin cradled in his palms. “Third… where did you get the idea I have nightmares from? I never even dream, to tell the truth.”
“When you told me what RJ said about energy reports, I did some digging,” Sherlock said, voice slightly wavering as he strode. “I’m not as talented in hacking as Thirteen, mind, but I do have the distinguishing ability to steal my brother’s access into the more hidden of files. I couldn’t get into much without a password, but I got into enough.” If he saw John’s name in any of the files, he didn’t admit it. “The energy reports have a peculiar trend over the last several hundred years that could be counted as a coincidence. Fortunately, I don’t believe in coincidences.”
They’ve already paid. John hooks his bag over his shoulder and then picks up his daughter, perching her on his side. Before they can leave, Sherlock purses his lips and skirts around the table to gently transfer Rosie to his own arms. John lets her go willingly. Neither men move, and Sherlock shuffles from foot to foot.
Disembodied, for lack of a metaphorical term. As if he was painlessly split limb from limb until only his thoughts remained. Like a light switch had flicked, bathing his body (wherever it may be) in something blacker than darkness.
John felt oddly cold when Sherlock left to go back into the bedroom, even though the words were slightly warming. “That does sound nice,” he admitted, adjusting his cuffs. When he realized that that was as good as he was going to look, he followed Sherlock back into the main room. “Where’s the ceremony, again?”
For the past several weeks as training was reaching its end, John and Sherlock spent much of their free time together, when not working in their respective fields. They had not grown closer since the first few days of their acquaintance, John had noticed, because they were already fast friends to begin with. It was as natural as breathing, and as Sherlock had once pointed out, John annoyed him the least out of everyone he knew. John had quickly learned how to decipher Sherlockian compliments.
He jabs at Sherlock’s stomach until he drops his arm in self-defense, his own breathing shallow and rapid and, he’s sure, his heart in his eyes. “Don’t test me.”
“AB+,” Sherlock answered promptly, not even glancing up from his laptop. He was still dripping from his shower. “I’m not donating blood, John.”
“Sherlock.” Mycroft rolls his eyes, but turns back around to fetch his coat with as much dignity he can muster. “I always
“Then the sheet music wasn’t one of your brightest ideas,” Sherlock shoots back, tilting his head in John’s direction with a smile to soften the blow. There’s an extra second of silence before he continues. “I don’t play at the flat. Not recently, anyway.”
They slept together. Purely platonic, an unspoken agreement stemming from a need of compassion and contact. On other sides of the bed, but with their feet brushing together under the covers. That was still a wonderful thing, Sherlock thought.
Having continued there a moment, the form retreated towards the hearth, when it took the lamp, held it up, surveyed the chamber, for a few moments, and then again advanced towards the bed. The light at that instant awakening the dog, that had slept at Sherlock's feet, Redbeard barked loudly, and, jumping to the floor, flew at the stranger, who struck the animal smartly with a sheathed sword, and Sherlock discovered—Count Wilkes!
Upon this threat Sherlock left his brother’s company; and comforted himself with the reflection that at least at a monastery a vow of silence could be took and no idiots spoke to, ever again.
Caterina soon returned with the wood, and then, when the cheerful blaze once more animated the room, and this servant had withdrawn, Sherlock asked Molly, whether she had made the enquiry bade her. 'Yes, ma'amselle,' said Molly, 'but not a soul knows any thing about the matter: and old Carlo—I watched him well, for they say he knows strange things—old Carlo looked so as I don't know how to tell, and he asked me again and again, if I was sure the door was ever unfastened. Lord, as for me, I am all astounded, and would no more sleep in this chamber, than I would on the great cannon at the end of the east rampart.'
John does a nice job, but my favourite interviews of the games were with 20 year old Chinese swimmer, Fu Yuanhui.  In her interviews she talked about "using her mystic energy" then did a live stream where she
On the following morning, he was summoned to Monsieur Mycroft, whose countenance was inflamed with resentment, and, as Sherlock advanced, he held out a letter to him.
“Is that your Instagram you’re looking at?” asked John, casting about for more conversational topics while Sherlock looked studiously at his toast.
'All conversation on this subject is worse than useless’, said Sherlock impatiently ‘since it can bring only pain to each of us: if you would oblige me, pursue it no farther.'
In the next moment old Carlo appeared with Moriarty, who was anxious to discover by what servant the keys of the castle had been delivered to Wilkes, on the preceding night. But this man, though he was too faithful to his master quietly to see him injured, would not betray a fellow-servant even to justice; he, therefore, pretended to be ignorant who it was, that had conspired with Count Wilkes, and related, as before, that he had only overheard some of the strangers describing the plot.
'What picture?' said Sherlock. 'Why a picture—a picture,' replied Molly, hesitatingly—'but I never could make out exactly what it was about, either.'
. From a standing start, Sherlock takes a few steps and leaps light as air, like it’s nothing at all, red rope flying over his head. He lands and the rope falls into his hands and snaps out in front of him, and snaps again; and instantly the rope is the matador’s cape, teasing and tormenting. Another, another two huge jumps, legs split in a perfect line. He comes out of the jump on bended knee; snaps the rope again before he is off into an incredible series of pirouettes with the rope held onto this body just through momentum; he must turn seven or eight times on his pointed toe and John doesn’t need the breathless commentary of Irene and Kate to know that this is something amazing.
'I have your pardon to beg, sir,' said he, 'for a rudeness, which you will readily believe was quite unintentional. I did not know, that the Chevalier was your acquaintance, when I so freely criticised his dancing.' Sherlock blushed, and Monsieur Mycroft spared him the difficulty of replying. 'If you mean the person, who has just passed us,' said he, 'I can assure you he is no acquaintance of either mine, or my brother’s: I know nothing of him.'
Follow for more thrilling reads over your summer (or winter, if you are in the southern hemisphere like me).  Oddly enough, one of the other works being featured in the serial is a Johnlock adaptation of Northanger Abbey, Austen's work in which the original of this work is so prominently featured.  It's Johnlock literary inception!
'You will remember, brother,' said the monk, 'that in the east aisle, which you must pass, is a newly opened grave; hold the light to the ground, that you may not stumble over the loose earth.' Sherlock took the lamp, and, stepping into the church, a sudden fear came over him, and he returned to the foot of the stair-case, where, as he heard the steps of the monk ascending, and Sherlock was tempted to call him back. While he hesitated, the footsteps ceased, and, in the next moment, ashamed of his fears, Sherlock returned to the church. The cold air of the aisles chilled him, and their deep silence and extent, feebly shone upon by the moon-light, that streamed through a distant gothic window. Sherlock scarcely heard the whispering echoes of his own steps, or thought of the open grave, till he found himself almost on its brink. Turning aside to avoid the broken ground, he passed on with quicker steps to the grave of Holmes, when in the moon-light, that fell athwart a remote part of the aisle, he thought he saw a shadow gliding between the pillars. He stopped to listen, and, not hearing any footstep, eventually concluded he had been mistaken. Holmes was buried beneath a plain marble, bearing little more than his name and the date of his birth and death, near the foot of the stately monument of the Lestrades. Sherlock remained at his grave, till a chime, that called the monks to early prayers, warned him to retire; then, he said over it a last farewell, and forced himself from the spot.
The rhythmic gymnastics team was standing in a tight huddle.  Molly was there, one down, excellent. Sarah and Mary next to her, phones out above the crowd. Soo Lin looking collected, Anthea staring at the screen of her phone; five from five, then.
‘There is a circumstance of solemn consequence, which I have to mention, and a solemn promise to obtain from you; when this is done I shall be easier. You have observed how anxious I am to reach home, but you, I think, have not deduced all my reasons for this. Before I explain the chief circumstance which it concerns; there are others, of which your peace requires that you should rest in ignorance. Promise, then, that you will perform exactly what I shall enjoin.'
After supper, his brother sat late, but Moriarty did not return, and he at length retired to rest. If Sherlock had admired the magnificence of the saloon, he was not less surprised, on observing the half-furnished and forlorn appearance of the apartments he passed in the way to his chamber, whither he went through long suites of noble rooms, that seemed, from their desolate aspect, to have been unoccupied for many years. On the walls of some were the faded remains of tapestry; from others, painted in fresco, the damps had almost withdrawn both colours and design.
The qualification day in competition is pretty intense.  On the one day (with the one routine on the apparatus), a gymnast's score will determine their team qualification (the best three per apparatus), the individual all-around, and the individual apparatus competitions.  Here's a
Sherlock, without replying, immediately left the room, with a mingled emotion of pity and contempt, and hastened to his own, where he yielded to the mournful reflections, which a knowledge of his brother’s situation had occasioned. The conversation of the Italian with John, in France, again occurred to him. His hints, respecting the broken fortunes of Moriarty, were now completely justified; those, also, concerning his character, appeared not less so, though the particular circumstances, connected with his fame, to which the stranger had alluded, yet remained to be explained. Notwithstanding, that his own observations and the words of Count Wilkes had convinced him, that Moriarty's situation was not what it formerly appeared to be, the intelligence he had just received from Mycroft on this point, struck with great interest, when he considered the present style of Moriarty's living, the number of servants he maintained, and the new expences he was incurring, by repairing and fortifying his castle. Sherlock’s anxiety for his brother and for himself increased with reflection. Several assertions of Wilkes, which, on the preceding night, he had believed were prompted either by interest, or by resentment, now returned to his mind with the strength of truth. He could not doubt, that Moriarty had formerly agreed to give him to the Count, for a pecuniary reward;—his character, and his distressed circumstances justified the belief; these, also, seemed to confirm Wilkes's assertion, that he now designed to dispose of Sherlock, more advantageously for himself, to a richer suitor.
'We entirely misunderstood each other too, I suppose,' rejoined Moriarty, 'in the conversation which preceded the writing of that note? I must do you the justice to own, that you are very ingenious at this same art of misunderstanding.'
One of the company exultingly recurred to the event of the preceding evening. Verezzi's eyes sparkled. The mention of Wilkes led to that of Sherlock, of whom they were all profuse in the praise, except Moriarty, who sat silent, and then interrupted the subject.
The result was a visit from John in the evening, whom Monsieur Mycroft received alone, and they had a long conversation before Sherlock was called down. When he entered the room, his brother was conversing with complacency, and he saw the eyes of John, as he impatiently rose, animated with hope.
They separated at an early hour, and retired to their respective apartments. Sherlock laid upon the bed awake, for his heart was melancholy; he thought his father daily declining in health.  In about two hours after, he was awakened by the chiming of a bell, and then heard quick steps pass along the gallery, into which his chamber opened. Initially he feared he was being summonsed to her father, fearing he had taken very ill; before he recollected that the bell was the call of the monks to prayers. His mind was not disposed for immediate sleep, and the moon-light, that shone into his chamber, invited him to open the casement, and look out upon the country.
A few rows in front another familiar blonde head is aiming a phone, fingers splayed on the screen to zoom it in. Mary is here. Sherlock swallows down the bile that rises; after all, the zoom on her phone is quite good.
“Not one that you know about,” replies Sherlock, still busy with the phone. “Come on, breakfast time. Then to the Arena!”
“You do very well on your own, John,” said Sherlock, pinching a bit of smoked salmon from John’s plate.
Sucking horseradish sauce from his thumb, John makes his way into the room Mike had indicated. It is beautiful; although the high ceilings with elaborately carved, dark wooden panelling extending halfway up the wall conspire to make John feel even shorter than normal.  The tea service is just as posh as everything else - delicate china with a proper sugar bowl and creamers. Cautiously placing the cup on the saucer, his care is nearly undone as a body presses close against him on his right side. “Bit upmarket, isn’t it?” says Mary into his ear as she reaches across John’s body for one of the creamers.
'It accommodated our father's household,' said Holmes, grieved that the old mansion was to be thus improved, 'and that was not a small one.'
'You believe, then,' said Sherlock, 'that the pangs I suffer proceed from a trivial and temporary interest; you believe—'
. His third opening ceremony, and somehow he’d forgotten about the noise. The music of the ceremony outside, echoed by the sound coming from the live telecast screen for the athletes inside. And the noise from the athletes – a constant anticipatory buzz punctuated by laughter, shouts and the occasional shriek echoed through the cavernous backstage area. A sea of blue and white coats surrounded him – this, then was team GB, practically bouncing off the walls and eager to get started.
Sherlock and John talked of the scenes they had passed among the Pyrenean Alps; as John spoke of which there was often a tremulous tenderness in his voice. When he admired the grandeur of the plane-tree, Sherlock gave a small twist of his lips.
“Why would we go to the beach and not get in the water?” said John, nonplussed. “That’s kind of the point of going to the beach. I’d be upset that you left without trunks, but, as it happens,” he rummaged through his duffel bag and waved a scrap of plum-coloured fabric in the air triumphantly, “I anticipated this. Put ‘em on.”
The music they heard before now passed Moriarty's barge, in one of the gondolas, of which several were seen skimming along the moon-light sea, full of gay parties, catching the cool breeze. Most of these had music, made sweeter by the waves over which it floated, and by the measured sound of oars, as they dashed the sparkling tide. Sherlock gazed, and listened, and thought himself in a fairy scene; even Monsieur Mycroft was pleased; Moriarty congratulated himself on his return to Venice, which he called the first city in the world, and Douglas was more gay and animated than ever.
John’s music starts, something vacuous and cheerful; under the bars John is clapping along, swivelling his hips and smiling. Sherlock crosses his legs as John rubs some extra powder off his hands, makes some sort of ‘hands-up’ gesture to the crowd (what could this mean? Effect: increased cheering volume) and launches himself up onto the bars, effortlessly swinging up into the handstand position and then clapping with his feet. “Oooh, so clever,” says Mummy, clapping along. Sherlock rolls his eyes as John does another few spins on the bars, coming back to a handstand position again.
“Holmes?” John says. “As in…?” But John’s question is never formed, dying in his throat as Sherlock’s snapped “Here you are, and I hope you’re grateful” sounds behind him.
Sieger holds it up to his eye where the green foil glints in the sun. As if in slow motion, Sherlock and Mycroft both turn to look at John. Sherlock looks as if he is running through every synonym for idiot that he knows, trying to decide in which order he should unleash them upon John. Mycroft just looks murderous. John feels the flood of adrenaline through his system, his legs itching to run him away from this horrific situation.
Moriarty now left the room, without awaiting a reply, and returned to the cedar chamber, where such of the chevaliers as had not before seen Sherlock, began to rally him, on the discovery they had made; but Moriarty did not appear disposed to bear this mirth, and they changed the subject.
There was a round of polite applause at the conclusion of the routine. Anderson angled over, Mike having to move to avoid getting a face full of Anderson’s horrible blue, white and red novelty wig. “Ooh, how do you reckon they did? I liked that bit in the middle where they all tangled themselves up! Amazing!”
'This castle, you must know, is very old, and very strong, and has stood out many sieges as they say. Now it was not Signor Moriarty's always, nor his father's; no; but, by some law or other, it was to come to the Signor, if the lady died unmarried.'
Moriarty and Anderson spoke only in generalties, so Sherlock often lingered behind the party, to contemplate the distant landscape, that closed a vista, or that gleamed beneath the dark foliage of the foreground;—the spiral summits of the mountains, touched with a purple tint, broken and steep above, but shelving gradually to their base; the open valley, marked by no formal lines of art; and the tall groves of cypress, pine and poplar, sometimes embellished by a ruined villa, whose broken columns appeared between the branches of a pine, that seemed to droop over their fall.
“That’s not what people normally say,” Sherlock mused, eyes following the leaping Belarussian team out on the floor.
'Offence!' interrupted Moriarty—'Count, this language is ridiculous, this submission is childish!—speak as becomes a nobleman, not as the slave of a pretty tyrant.'
The airflare is a move introduced into gymnastics about 10 years ago by Morgan Hamm, who learnt it from the b-boy community.
I'm from Australia and getting changed under towels is a useful skill, because you don't always have a trustworthy mate (or your parents, for small kiddies) to hold up a towel between you and the car.
Sherlock darts out of the lift as it reaches the ground floor; turns and walk backwards in front of John, waving his phone in front of him. It’s his Instagram feed.
John sits down on one of the awful plastic chairs and scrubs his hands through his hair, listening to the faint music coming from the performance.
John abruptly recalls that they are in public; the others are in team uniform; in a dining hall full of athletes, no less. Athletes even now paused mid-mouthful, forks hanging in space as they look on eagerly.
Sherlock caught the latter words of Molly. 'O! if you could find it open, but for one moment!' he exclaimed, 'my peace might yet be saved!' The heavy groan he uttered, and the wildness of his look, terrified Molly, still more than his words; who entreated Sherlock to explain the meaning of them. To him it suddenly occurred, that Hopkins might be of some service, if there should be a possibility of escape, and who repeated the substance of what had passed between Moriarty and herself, but conjured Molly to mention this to no person except to Hopkins. 'It may, perhaps, be in Hopkin’s power,' he added, 'to effect our escape. Go to her, Molly, tell him what I have to apprehend, and what I have already suffered; but entreat secrecy, and to lose no time in attempting to release us. If she is willing to undertake this she shall be amply rewarded. I cannot speak with her myself, for we might be observed, and then effectual care would be taken to prevent our flight. But be quick, Molly, and, above all, be discreet—I will await your return in this apartment.'
The hand drops away. John’s eyes are really very blue, very blue indeed, Sherlock notes. One eye is harder to see, of course, because one side of John’s face has tensed up a little and the brow is coming down, and John’s face also has a little lopsided smile, and smiling is good; but with the brow and the smile it is all coming together on John’s face in a way that is in fact, looking decidedly
“Ohooh… oh yes, very tidy, three and a half punch twist, very nice… and oh! Ooh, no, he’s got it! Well, that was a very polished performance from Watson, finishing with a 15.2 on the floor, giving him a final score of 90.641. As it stands, with his main competitors still to complete their final rotation, he leads.”
Sherlock continued to play till a gentle tap at the chamber-door roused him. It was La Voisin, come to say, that a confessor from the neighbouring convent was below, ready to attend Holmes. The confessor remained alone with Holmes above half an hour; when Sherlock was called in, he found Holmes more agitated than when he had left him, and he gazed, with a degree of resentment, at the friar, as the cause of this; who, however, looked mildly and mournfully at him, and turned away. Holmes, in a tremulous voice, said, he wished his son to join in prayer with him, and asked if La Voisin would do so too. The old man and his daughter came; they both wept, and knelt with Sherlock round the bed, while the holy father read in a solemn voice the service for the dying.
“But you two have got the right idea, going around in pairs,” continued Mary, reaching out to just graze the top of Sherlock’s hand with her fingertips. “Safety in numbers!”
'It is by a ghost, then, who can draw bolts,' said Sherlock, endeavouring to laugh away his apprehensions; 'for I left the door open, last night, and found it fastened this morning.'
Moriarty came home late in the morning, in a very ill humour, having lost considerably at play, and, before he withdrew to rest, had a private conference with Douglas, whose manner, on the following day, seemed to tell, that the subject of it had not been pleasing to him.
“My feet are perfectly placed! Your appalling appendages are violating my personal space! Move them over!”
Sherlock as he received his severe rebuke, for not having obeyed his first summons; perceived, also, that Moriarty attributed his stay in the corridor to a motive, that had not even occurred to Sherlock.
'I have been impatient,' said the Count, addressing Sherlock, 'to express my gratitude; to thank you for your goodness; but I must also thank Signor Moriarty, who has allowed me this opportunity of doing so.'
This letter brought many emotions to Sherlock’s heart; it was full of tenderness and satisfaction on learning that John was well, and that time and absence had in no degree effaced his image from John’s heart. However, the intelligence concerning Bakersfield had the opposite effect.  That Mons. Anderson should let it, without even consulting him on the measure, both angered and shocked him, particularly as it proved the absolute authority Anderson thought himself entitled to exercise in Sherlock’s affairs. It appeared, also, that he had not even condescended to inform Moriarty of the step he had taken, since no motive was evident for Moriarty's concealing the circumstance from Sherlock, if it had been made known to him: this both displeased and surprised him; but the chief subjects of his anger were—the temporary disposal of Bakersfield, and the dismission of her father's old and faithful servant.—'Poor Mrs. Hudson,' said Sherlock, 'thou had not saved much in thy servitude, for thou wast always tender towards the poor, and believed thy would die in the family, where thy best years had been spent. Poor Mrs. Hudson!—now thou art turned out in thy old age to seek thy bread!'
'You have no encouragement to expect from me,' said his brother, 'in these notions. I have already given my opinion on the subject, and think Signor Moriarty right in enforcing, by any means, your consent. If young persons will be blind to their interest, and obstinately oppose it, why, the greatest blessings they can have are friends, who will oppose their folly. Pray what pretensions of any kind do you think you have to such a match as is now offered you?'
His gloomy reflections were, soon after, interrupted by a footstep in the corridor, and he was glad to see Molly enter with some supper, little though he felt like eating. When their little repast was over, Molly drew her chair upon the hearth, nearer to Sherlock, and said—'Did you ever hear, monsieur, of the strange accident, that made the Signor lord of this castle?'
, and it was founded by a Count in atonement for murdering his own son, which is the the stuff of gothic fiction and no mistake. It's still occupied by a religious community today.
“Let’s try it,” said John, holding out his hand for the colourful doodad. Placing the sculpture on Sarah’s bedside table, he took off his medal, tucked the ribbon in behind it and lowered it gently into the sculpture’s embrace. “Perfect fit! Nice one, Sherlock,” he enthused. “I’d never have thought of that.”
“Well, I bet I can get someone from all eight continents by the closing ceremony. Show you a thing or two, old man,” chipped in Anderson.
Recollecting, that it was for John's sake he had thus resisted, he now smiled complacently upon the threatened sufferings, and finding the spot, which his brother had described as the repository of the papers, relative to the estates; and, since he knew of no better place of concealment, than this, returned them there.
At an early hour, the carriage, which was to take Sherlock and Monsieur Mycroft to Tholouse, appeared at the door of the chateau. It was with much reluctance, that Sherlock's request to take with them the dog Redbeard was granted. Old Mrs. Hudson stood at the door to take leave of her young master. 'God for ever keep you, dear boy!' said she, while Sherlock gave his hand in silence, and could answer only with the pressure of his hand.
'Hush!' said Sherlock, trembling. They listened, and, continuing to sit quite still, Sherlock heard a low knocking against the wall. It came repeatedly. Molly then screamed loudly, and the chamber door slowly opened.—It was Caterina, come to tell Molly, that Mycroft wanted her. Sherlock, though he now perceived who it was, could not immediately overcome his terror; while Molly, half laughing, half crying, scolded Caterina heartily for thus alarming them; and was also terrified lest what she had told had been overheard.
His musings were suddenly stopped by terror—a voice spoke near him in the pavilion; Sherlock started up—it spoke again, and he distinguished the well-known tones of John. It was indeed John who supported him in his arms! For some moments their emotion would not suffer either to speak. 'Sherlock,' said John at length, as he pressed Sherlock’s hand in his. 'Sherlock!' and he was again silent, but the accent, in which he had pronounced the name, expressed all his tenderness and sorrow.
John comes darting back into the room with a long sock in his hand, opens up the apartment door and ties the sock firmly around the handle, before shutting it with a grand gesture.
Sherlock observed with concern the ascendancy, which Moriarty had acquired over Monsieur Mycroft, as well as the increasing frequency of his visits; and his own opinion of this Italian was united with that of John, who had always expressed a dislike of him. As he was, one morning, sitting at his experiments in the pavilion, enjoying the pleasant freshness of spring, whose colours were now spread upon the landscape, and listening to John, who was reading, but who often laid aside the book to converse, Sherlock received a summons to attend Monsieur Mycroft immediately.
Holmes looked up silently in his face, as if would have spoken, but his eyes were heavy and dull. Sherlock felt that look at his heart. 'My dear father!' Sherlock exclaimed; he saw the lines of death beginning to prevail over his father’s countenance—saw his sunk eyes, still bent on his son, and their heavy lids pressing to a close.
Sherlock was looking at him expectantly, so he did his best running man pose, coming up with a (not very) exaggerated expression of alarm to add to the comedic effect of Mary having ‘caught’ him in her ribbon. Sherlock snapped a few shots and then held the camera out to John.
Swearing under his breath, John ducks back into the anteroom and crosses the floor to Lestrade, who is at least, sitting up, head against the wall. “Move it, you,” John commands. Lestrade grunts.
“Behave, Mike,” Violet says firmly. “Now, come with me and get us all some more tea, there’s a good boy”.
Continuing at the casement, that he might catch the last lingering gleam of evening, a thousand vague images of fear floated on his fancy. 'What if some of these ruffians,' said he, 'should find out the private stair-case, and in the darkness of night steal into my chamber!' Then, recollecting the mysterious inhabitant of the neighbouring apartment, his terror changed its object. 'He is not a prisoner, though he remains in one chamber, for Moriarty did not fasten the door, when he left it; the unknown person himself did this; it is certain, therefore, he can come out when he pleases.'
Is it at this moment that his brain latches on to the music, obviously as a desperate attempt to save itself from lustful self-immolation.
The sound of carriage wheels brought a troop of servants to the great gate, where Holmes alighted, and from which he led Sherlock into the gothic hall, now no longer hung with the arms and ancient banners of the family. These were displaced, and the oak wainscotting, and beams that crossed the roof, were painted white.  The heavy walls were hung with frivolous ornaments, and every thing that appeared denoted the false taste and corrupted sentiments of the present owner.
John's indisposition detained the travellers at Beaujeu several days, during which interval Holmes had observed his disposition and his talents with the philosophic inquiry so natural to him. He saw a frank and generous nature, full of ardour, highly susceptible of whatever is grand and beautiful, but impetuous, wild, and somewhat romantic. John had known little of the world. His perceptions were clear, and his feelings just; his indignation of an unworthy, or his admiration of a generous action, were expressed in terms of equal vehemence. Holmes sometimes smiled at his warmth, but seldom checked it, and often repeated to himself, 'This young man has never been at Paris.' A sigh sometimes followed this silent thought. He determined not to leave John till he should be perfectly recovered; and, as he was now well enough to travel, though not able to manage his horse, Holmes invited him to accompany him for a few days in the carriage. This he the more readily did, since he had discovered that John Watson was of a family of the same name in Gascony, with whose respectability he was well acquainted. The latter accepted the offer with great pleasure, and they again set forward among these romantic wilds about Rousillon.
Desperately trying not to laugh, John looks over at Sherlock again who is still gazing at the dessert. The trifle-intelligence experiment must not be going well, as there is a tiny smear of cream at the corner of his mouth. John’s tongue licks out unconsciously.
There, as he walked, or leaned from the window of the building, he would endeavour to recollect all they had said, on that night; to catch the tones of Sherlock’s voice, as they faintly vibrated on his memory, and to remember the exact expression of his countenance in ecstasy, which sometimes came suddenly to John’s fancy, like a vision; that beautiful countenance, which awakened, as by instantaneous magic, all the tenderness of his heart, and seemed to tell with irresistible eloquence—that Sherlock was lost forever! The character of Moriarty, such as he had received from hints, and such as his fears represented it, would rise to his view, together with all the dangers it seemed to threaten to Sherlock and to his love. He blamed himself, that he had not urged these more forcibly, while it might have been in his power to detain Sherlock by him, and that he had suffered an absurd and criminal delicacy, as he termed it, to conquer so soon the reasonable arguments he had opposed to this journey. Any evil, that might have attended their marriage, seemed so inferior to those, which now threatened their love, or even to the sufferings, that absence occasioned, that he wondered how he could have ceased to urge his suit; and he would certainly now have followed Sherlock to Italy, if he could have been spared from his regiment for so long a journey. His regiment, indeed, soon reminded him, that he had other duties to attend, than those of love.
