Sherlock’s face was blank, but his eyes were alight as the cogs of his brilliant mind comprehended John’s proclamation. “I do now.” In a lesser situation, Sherlock would have found his own reply to be obvious to the point of redundancy, but it was the only response his heart and brain could agree on. “But…”
“You’ve no need to worry over that.” John quipped darkly in return. “I’m not letting you leave my sight.”
“Wonderful deduction, brother mine. Yes, I am.” Sherlock spat out, anger burning in his glare. “I will not be forced to mate with anyone. I’d rather live alone outside the fawn territory than comply with the orders of such useless idiots.”
“I can’t – I don’t have time to tell you now.” He didn’t, John could tell. Each of Sherlock’s words was weaker than his last. “Do you… trust me?”
“John will see. Trust Sherlock, is know the way.” Sherlock gave John a reassuring pat. “Sherlock will not take John where is danger.”
After many months of observation, Sherlock had begun to master bits and pieces of the humans’ language. He practiced speaking the words he heard every day, filing them away in his mind forest for reference. Soon, Sherlock was able to properly form some of the syllables, slowly gaining an understanding of the humans’ speech, and through doing so unlocking a wealth of knowledge about their kind. Sherlock took caution to stay hidden as he studied, never leaving the shadows that hid him so well.
“Is hurt?” Sherlock asked, his fingers tracing where the bullet had pierced John’s skin. “Only sometimes.” John answered. “But it hurts me, in my heart. When I see it.” He explained.
John stepped closer to the mirror and looked at his scar. He usually took his jumper off next to the shower, so as not to see it, and then wrapped himself in the towels to shield his view as he dried off. Now, John was bare, able to see his grotesquely marred shoulder. There was nowhere for him to hide from himself.
The creature’s eyes were quite large, beautifully blue in shade with golden speckles scattered like a galaxy in the iris. They darted about, taking in everything they saw. They looked as if they were cataloging every detail of the room, studying it with interest and precision. An oval-shaped black nose, soft and a bit squishy in appearance, sniffed at the air. Two large, furry ears flicked about from time to time.
Placing a furred hand in the soil, Sherlock closed his eyes and began to hum from the depths of his baritone, allowing himself to connect with all of the forest around him. He could feel John’s garden – where it used to be, the life it used to have. Sherlock could feel the love John had put into tending to his plants. It was all there to read in the depths of the soil from which they had taken root.
“Is hidden lake. Only Sherlock is know how find.” Sherlock took John’s hand in his and lead John towards the water, which perfectly reflected the clouds above it. “John and Sherlock can swim and eat fruit.”
“No, no Cheerios this morning. I thought today we’d try something new… don’t look like that. We can’t have cold cereal every morning, silly fawn.” Sherlock continued to pout. “Am not ‘silly fawn’.”
“Time for you to get a meal and some sleep, I’d wager.” John hadn’t quite realized how tired he was himself until he heard it in the gruffness of his own response.
John flicked on the sitting room light and peered out the window. He couldn’t see anyone outside… perhaps some campers had thought ringing the doorbell this late would be a laugh and had run off. Just then, John heard what he thought was a whimper of pain. He responded immediately, stepping to the door and peering out.
It wasn’t that having a family sounded terrible, nor was it that Moosey Hooper was a bad choice of a mate. It really came down to the fact that Sherlock had never been attracted to anyone ever, and was not about to force himself into trying to be attracted to Moosey because the council decreed that he do so. While most would probably assume Sherlock had never mated because no one would consider taking him as a mate, the truth was he never was interested in any of the other fawns. They all were such idiots - all of them.
“Yes. And some spices and other pleasant tasting things.” John turned off the kettle just before it was going to squeal, cautious of Sherlock’s sensitive ears. Wide eyes watched as John filled two mugs with the steaming liquid.
“No one knows what I am. Not Lestrade. Not the Met.” Sherlock looked down at John with a sad fondness. “Not even you, until now. The fact that these men know the secret I’ve spent my entire life guarding speaks of something much larger and infinitely more grave than a ‘usual group of thugs’. And were that not enough, they kept you alive when they could have easily killed you when I was restrained.”
“How did you learn?” John inquired. “To speak English, I mean.” Sherlock appeared annoyed at John’s clarification, having understood John’s question originally.
John toed off his socks and shoes and stuck his feet in, secretly hoping the water was freezing. Much to his internal dismay, the water was absolutely perfect in temperature and John couldn’t help but want to slide into the beautiful lake.
John simply lay for a moment, chest heaving from the exertion – he really was getting too old for this. Another pained baritone wail, no longer muffled by the division of the door, immediately pulled John from his moment of weakness and into the reality of his current situation.
“What time is it really?” Something about the way Sherlock yawned reminded John of a kitten, raising a worn chuckle from his throat.
“John was not supposed to see.” The fawn explained in a small voice. Sensing a bare undertone of fear in the words, John turned his full attention to Sherlock.
The flat was always cluttered when they returned from a case. Chairs and tables lay strewn with notably more than the usual detritus - pens and papers, books and files, clues on every surface connected by trails of red string, back and forth and back and forth again throughout the space like a laserized spy movie obstacle. Various teacups, most filled to the brim with untouched tea, sat abandoned in whatever free space there had been for them to be set, sometimes even on the floor. Then there were the experiments - trails of gunpowder, or blood samples on clothespins, or maybe some dubiously legal menagerie of toxic plants. Whatever was needed for the answers unknown, left behind at the drop of a hat the moment insight was gained or proved irrelevant, the hazardous droppings of a brilliant mind. Sometimes there was medical debris - bandage wrappings and used cotton swabs colored with blood and disinfectant, all thrown aside after a hasty patch-up and regroup. The rooms of 221b Baker Street were never neat, but in the aftermath of a case, they were a war zone.
“That’s horrible. That isn’t right at all.” John’s hand returned to Sherlock’s shoulder and this time the fawn didn’t push it away. “No one deserves to be treated like that, especially not someone as brilliant as you.”
Sherlock sighed as he stared out over the forest from the safety of the tree. The reality was that a fawn surviving completely alone in the forest was unrealistic. Even though Sherlock loathed the other fawns, they provided the body heat necessary to keep him from freezing in the harsh winter months. Once the days grew cold Sherlock would be at great risk.
John could barely listen, his own fears sputtering from his lips in desperation. “I don’t – I don’t know what is wrong with you. I can’t – I don’t know how to help you.” He was beginning to truly panic.
The two walked back towards fawn territory in silence. Moosecroft would occasionally glare at Sherlock when he thought his brother wasn’t walking quickly enough. Soon they crossed into fawn territory and arrived at the clearing where the meetings were held. All the other fawns were gathered, surrounding the trees where the council members sat. Moosecroft lead Sherlock over to a patch of grass near the front of the group. “Sit.” he huffed before making his way to the centermost council member’s seat.
Sherlock immediately calmed, standing to his feet and brushing his fur back into place. “Where was John?” he inquired, causing a tickle of guilt to trouble at John’s inner conscience.
There was a calming in the energy, much like the anticipated final chord of a spellbinding progression. The fur Sherlock didn’t realize had been standing on end fell back into its usual placement along the fawn’s skin. Everything seemed to clear and settle into place, leaving only crisp forest air and the omnipresent chirping of crickets and other insects in the night.
It was the most pleasant and gentle crescendo of evening – just between the light and the dark, comfortably between the heat of the day and the cold of the forest nights. The sky was almost purple against the endless, dark abyss of trees surrounding the cabin.
Reaching out a steady hand to the back of Sherlock’s head, John spread his fingers with reverence and resolve into the soft disarray of dark curls. Slowly, and ever so gently, John coaxed Sherlock’s head forward, closing the gap between them until the tips of Sherlock’s fangs made contact with the heat of John’s skin.
“They can’t’ve got far.” One of the men mused, directing his torch light from the smashed lighting set up to the busted closet door. “That freak was almost dried up when we left him. He was squirming, like an ant getting fried with a magnifying glass in the sun.”
“Why do I… care about you?” John repeated back with an almost-laugh. “Everything, all of it. Because you’re you.” The smiling man reasoned. “I care about you because you’re Sherlock Holmes.”
. They would fall into a tangle, arms and legs intertwined, each holding the other in some way. And the whirlwind detective would finally drift to sleep, like a gentle boat in calm waters, quiet and serene. But no matter how long he’d gone without, how desperately his body was pulling to slip over into rest, Sherlock always found a moment to say it.
Sherlock’s expression, equal parts annoyance and confusion, was perfectly complimented by his ears, which had flattened out it opposite directions, much like a perturbed cat’s. John, finally at the end of his laughing fit, reached out and mussed one of Sherlock’s ears. The fawn flinched away, not amused.
“Oh but you are.” Sherlock countered coolly. “You just haven’t realized it yet. Now, tell me the name of the man who hired you so I can find out the name of the man who hired him.”
“Oh, Sherlock.” John sighed, ruffling the fawn’s wild black curls. “I… the thing is, I was hurt… in the war.”
Sherlock stared at the floor for a moment before replying. “I didn’t want you to feel bad that I was on my own. I thought knowing would ruin your Thanksgiving with Sarah.” John felt a pain in his heart. “Sherlock, no one should be alone on Thanksgiving. You could have come with me.”
Sherlock drank from John’s arm with the desperation of a parched refugee who had crossed the deserts, wantonly slurping and groaning with relief. John watched as the color began to resurface in Sherlock’s eyes, and slowly was able to sense the other man’s pulse. It was as if John was watching a corpse reanimate before his eyes. Pale skin turned rich with life, so far as to paint a light blush across Sherlock’s cheeks. It was remarkable and impossible, but John had no doubt that it was really happening and not just some fever dream.
John began to ascend the stairs to the flat when a beautiful sound stopped him in his tracks. It was the violin, being softly played upstairs. Sherlock. But it couldn’t be. Sherlock was having Thanksgiving dinner with Mycroft and the extended Holmes family. The violin sang a soft, haunting melody that was heart-wrenching and beautiful at the same time, filled with longing, sadness, and love. The mournfully worshipful music sank straight to John’s heart, and he couldn’t help the strange feeling in his soul that the song belonged to him in some way.
“Then tea is good.” Sherlock took his mug of tea and carefully carried it off to the sitting room. “Even though is just leaf water for idiots.”
Sherlock could already see the icy stares from the audience and members of the council.  He often wished he could just grow accustomed to them- he always received them when he spent time near the other fawns. There was something, however, about being started at like he was a disease that Sherlock couldn’t get used to, no matter how often it happened.
John immediately surrounded Sherlock in a snug embrace, unable to restrain himself in a wave of emotion. Without hesitation, John brought their lips together in a kiss that was equal parts soft love and pointed intensity.
“Cheerios?” Sherlock asked, a bit of disappointment in his voice. John had introduced the fawn to Cheerios and they now were his favorite food. Sherlock was dismayed when John explained that eating Cheerios for every meal was not appropriate.
Sherlock placed his hands in John’s, holding them tightly. “John is friend to Sherlock. Sherlock could never be scared.”
“Tell me who you work for.” It was a low demand from the shadows, and all four men focused their lights from whence it came. Sherlock allowed the weak lights to find him and stepped out towards the thugs. “Tell me his name and I’ll let you live.”
“Yes. And is not good reason for not swim in lake.” With this, Sherlock tackled John into the water, both of them landing with an epic splash. John chuckled as the perfect water swallowed them in, both completely wet from head to toe.
“It has been decreed that Sherlock Holmes will be married to Moosey Hooper tomorrow at sundown. He will be expected to sire children before the summer changes to fall.”
Sherlock cried out in pain, clutching his arm close to his chest. He could see there was some blood- he must have cut himself. Sherlock cursed softly in the fawn language, trying his best to scoot away from the house. It was then that the door opened, and a short, sandy-haired human peered out into the night.
“You need more than my help, Sherlock. I can’t feel your pulse.” Truly, John had never felt more useless in his life. The doctor’s mind was racing, taking in every detail of Sherlock’s present condition as Sherlock would the details of a crime scene – and none of it made sense, John was at a loss. “What did they do to you, Sherlock? Did they drug you?” John’s fingers prodded at Sherlock’s wrist and neck, desperate to find a sign of life.
“The mysterious bites.” John pulled back the sleeve of his pyjama top to show off his most recent marking, perfectly aligned with the basilic vein in his bicep. “You must know what they are.”
“IS ALIVE! IS ATTACK!” The fawn screamed, motioning towards the clock with a hoofed foot. His eyes were wide and his entire body was trembling with fear.
“My kind… when we get close to someone, we crave them.” Sherlock looked directly at John for the first time in all of his admissions. “What you said earlier, how you feel about me… I feel that too. And I crave you, your taste, just the same as how I need you in my life.”
There was a spring to John’s stride as he went to the kitchen to get his tea. He felt light, as if nothing could weigh him down. John put the kettle on, pausing by the open kitchen window to savor the feeling of the night air on his skin – a feeling he had long forgotten.
“Yes you are.” John countered with a smile. “You are a brilliant, but very silly fawn.” Sherlock perked up a bit at being called his favorite word. John had quickly learned that calling him “brilliant” was the best way to lift the fawn’s spirits when he got pouty.
Over the years Sherlock had fashioned a variety of tools for use in his magical experimentation. All of these tools were carefully hidden deep within fawn territory, and likely would never be seen or used by Sherlock again. Completely and utterly at a loss for implements, Sherlock turned to the only armory to which he had access – John’s kitchen.
One thing about John that amazed Sherlock was how kind he was. No one had ever treated Sherlock the way John treated him. Everyone Sherlock had ever known had seen him as a mistake and a failure. John saw Sherlock as exceptional, and Sherlock’s new favorite word - brilliant.
There was only one feature common to the cumberbranch’s excellently executed portrayals of other plants that was noticeable enough to cause the keen-eyed to see through the masking of its true identity. The cumberbranch was simply incapable of not being the most magnificently beautiful plant to look at, even when pretending to be a plant that was common or ugly. The cumberbranch would appear to be a plant other than itself in a manner that could stump the most precise of botany experts; however, it would appear as an especially good-looking specimen of whichever plant it took on.
“Is perfect now.” he proclaimed, happily munching a large bite of foliage-covered eggs. John smiled and shook his head, continuing to eat his breakfast. The fawn never ceased to amaze him.
The bite of the cold night air was a vast contrast to the radiating heat of the flames as they lazily worked their way towards engulfing the forsaken building. To Sherlock’s benefit, it was far from dawn – the moon still shone high above the pollution of the Thames. As if by some unspoken agreement, they walked towards the Thames instead of away from it, and soon John and Sherlock found themselves at the edge of the polluted waterway. In a rare instance of luck, John spotted a skiff bobbing in the water a few yards along. Decrepit, but functional enough given the circumstances, the wooden craft was just large enough to fit both men comfortably. With a limited amount of sloshing and awkward hoisting, the two found themselves floating along with the current from the scene of the crime.
Sherlock grabbed one of the larger leaves from a nearby plant, folding it so that it would function as a sort of pouch to carry his treasures. With rampant enthusiasm, he began to dart from plant to plant, gathering what he needed.
“The store is where people go to buy things. They have food, and soap, and other useful things like that. And if you have money you can buy them.”
Sometimes, Sherlock would provide his hand, bringing John to a fast climax with long fingers that knew exactly how to pleasure, both a scientist’s and an artist’s to John’s skin. But more often than not, the detective’s transport would give in, fed and spent and ready to claim the rest it so desperately needed. This was perfectly fine, as there was a post-case morning shag on the horizon that would more than suffice John’s needs, and John was usually just as tired after everything they’d been through.
“Not need, silly John.” Sherlock chuckled. “Is no one else know how find. Can swim not with clothes.” Sherlock gave John’s hand a soft, reassuring squeeze.
Sherlock gave a nod and did not respond. He stayed deep in thought for the rest of the ride back to London.
Once the soup was finished it was time for the cookie. John would always ask the question and Sherlock would crack open one eye with the smallest crook of a smile as he deduced some cookie cutter promise of the future that held nothing to the moment they were living in the now. The cookie Sherlock would bring to his own lips, needing no assistance when it came to sweets. John would always listen for the crunch and wonder how the man could be so fascinating even when doing something as simple as chewing. Every little thing about him was enthralling, and God, John could never be bored with this.
It took Sherlock a quarter hour to get everything he needed. Most of the plants he required were plentiful and easy to find. The last item he needed, however, was extremely rare. He spent the bulk of his time on the hill searching for the rare purple berries that grew on the elusive cumberbranch.
“Where are you bleeding?” John began to pull at Sherlock’s shirt and coat, desperate to find something that he could heal, something that he could understand.
Sherlock’s only family was his brother. Moosecroft was the opposite of Sherlock in every way. He was the head of the fawn council, which created and enforced the rules and traditions that Sherlock continuously and deliberately ignored. Moosecroft was highly respected, while Sherlock was the freak of the community, always ridiculed for his differences. Moosecroft had earned many honors, his fur covered with ceremonial markings. Sherlock’s fur was bare of distinguishment, leaving only his natural spotting for decoration.
Moosecroft would search for him. Sherlock knew this to be true. No doubt Sherlock’s outburst and chosen exile would embarrass his brother greatly. If Moosecroft found Sherlock, he would be angry and much less willing to negotiate Sherlock’s future. At this point, Sherlock wouldn’t put it past the council to force him to sire the children while they watched. The idea sickened him.
It was clearly the recognizable baritone of Sherlock’s voice, speaking a language John had never heard in all of his travels. The cadence of the words was lyrical and rich, and John found himself just
“John…” Sherlock rolled to his side on the seat, pulling his coat around him like a child would a blanket to protect from monsters in the night. John considered his friend for a moment before gently sliding him over.
Some time passed, though for the life of him John couldn’t say how much. The intense draws of suction from John’s arm had slowly faded to slower, shallower sips. Sherlock’s eyes had fallen shut at some point and John could feel his tongue lapping at the edges of where his fangs penetrated John’s skin, catching any and every droplet that escaped. He’s savoring me, John realized with a bit of an internal start. Indeed, the expression on Sherlock’s face was that of a man tasting the home cooking of a beloved relative for the last time. It was as intense as it was revealing, and it made John feel more necessary than he had in all of his life.
“Not bleeding…” Sherlock shakily attempted to pull himself into a seated position, only to collapse back to the ground like a shaky newborn fawn. “I need… something I can lean against.”
For the second time in the same night, John Watson found himself face to face with a speechless Sherlock Holmes. In lieu of words, the detective trailed his hands, which had fallen to dangle at his sides like a love-struck ragdoll, over John’s arms where they embraced him, feeling for himself that everything was solid and real. John allowed the silent exploration, knowing that Sherlock’s mind was whirring its comprehension of the embrace.
“I don’t understand.” Sherlock spoke after a moment, eliciting an expression of confusion from the man beside him. “I don’t understand how you’re here, how you’re not afraid. I…” Sherlock gawked at how John’s features softened, exuding only a fond sadness. “I could kill you, John.”
The elder man shot his weapon in a flash of gun smoke, only to have Sherlock flick away the bullet with one of his talons as if it were a fly. Normally the sound of the gunshot would have set John into soldier mode, unleashing the dangerous and calculated rage that was an ever-present simmer underneath his unassuming guise. But Sherlock – the spectacle of his terrifying visage coupled with the domestic knowledge John had of the man –for in spite of the night’s revelations, John knew that Sherlock was human at his core. The sight of the detective in this form was enough to leave John gaping where he stood, but it could never be enough to cause John to question the humanity of the man whose toothbrush sat next to his own in their shared loo at the flat. This ridiculous man, who pouted like a child, and flounced like a gay dancer, and played the violin at all hours of the night…
With that, Sherlock ran as fast as he could, never wanting to see his brother’s stupidly decorated fur again.
John had inherited the old cabin from a grandmother he never really knew. The long abandoned shack was barely standing, a failing structure of rotted wood adrift in an endless sea of trees. No one would be crazy enough to buy it. After all, who would want to live in the middle of the forest in this day and age? No community, no bustle and excitement. John was certain that nothing could leave him wanting such a life. But that certainty, along with every other certainty John Watson had ever known, was shattered beyond recognition in less than a second by a single bullet.
Sherlock brought his lips so that they hovered just above John’s radial artery. “Please… don’t be afraid.” Sherlock calmed, tears threatening to leak from his eyes. “I won’t hurt you. I promise, I never would want to hurt you, John.”
“I’ll figure something out. Unlike you, I don’t need to meet with a council to solve basic problems.” Sherlock jumped down from the table and back towards the trees. “I hope you’re happy with what you’ve done, brother mine.”
And how they would react… the prospect frightened John. Sure, he could cover it up with a thick shirt or a jumper and no one would see. But in the heat of summer he’d feel uncomfortable, and people would notice his strange attire for the season. They’d expect a thin t-shirt, and even in that he’d feel as if his scar was too close to being exposed. He’d feel wrong.
Sherlock pulled the utensil from where it had been forgotten, chuckling out some deep baritone giggles of his own. “Maybe.”
Just then Mooscroft came to the head of the crowd. “We have gathered to here today to announce the actions that will be taken because of the vote, witnessed in our last meeting.” The other fawns nodded, many of them looking directly at Sherlock.
There was so much to be said, an alarming list of thoughts and feelings and harsh realities to attend to. John knew so little and loved so blindly.
“Come here.” Sherlock’s deep voice pulled John from his thoughtless serenity. “You’re cold.” John was, he realized. His entire frame was shaking, caught in the bite as the night’s chill reflected from the surrounding water. Sherlock extended an arm, and John found himself ensconced in Sherlock’s warmth. The change was immediate – they settled together and everything was right.
“Sherlock is not like clock of alarm.” The fawn proclaimed. “Is for banish to closet.” John couldn’t help but chuckle at this, standing up and placing the offending timepiece on the closet shelf where it would begin to live out its indefinite exile.
Sherlock nodded, understanding. “It is not the things you say. It is not scary.” Sherlock said as he petted the scar lightly. “John scar is brilliant.”
“Okay. Don’t be too long, though. We will want to leave soon so we can make it home in time for dinner.” Sherlock nodded and began to make his way up to the field, eager to gather everything he would need. John lay back in the shallow water and enjoyed staring up at the clouds.
John Watson was alone in his cabin. He had been alone in his cabin yesterday. He was alone in his cabin today. He would most likely be alone in his cabin tomorrow. Such was John’s existence since the war; useless, isolated, and consequently alone.
John didn’t mind living in the cabin. It was a lovely place to be. Much lovelier than the harsh deserts of Afghanistan, he reminded himself almost daily. John built a birdhouse and enjoyed watching a family of finches take residence there. He had a satellite so he could enjoy crap telly, a homey kitchen where he could bake, and a garden in which he could grow his own vegetables and flowers. It was the ideal existence – with the exception that it was so very lonely.
John simply let Sherlock rest awhile, watching the rise and fall of his breaths. Being so close only desperately reminded John how much he loved the impossible man. A rare moment like this was dangerous - it made John wonder if there was a possibility for more. Sherlock was so emotionally skittish, hiding behind a protective wall of his own design. And yet, here he was, dozing in John’s lap.
John was doing a remarkably impressive job of staying calm and objective, giving his friend the space to share, and holding his own unnerved reactions at bay. “How do you usually…”
Sherlock was always abuzz as they crossed through the door, recounting deductions and facts like a child athlete reliving the highlights of his sports tournament en route to an ice cream parlor for a celebratory cone. He’d hang up his coat with a “John, did you see this?”, and trip over some clutter with an, “Oh, John, you must have seen that!” Sometimes the man would even call out from the loo mid-piss with a, “But really, John, can you believe…,” speeding into a train of thought with more energy and poise than his lack of sleep and nutrition ought to be capable of supporting.
Suddenly thrown from the horrors of war into the dull slog that was everyday civilian life, John found himself longing to disappear. So that was exactly what he did. He disappeared to the cabin he had inherited, determined to fix it up and stay as far away from the world as was manageable. After all, the world had no need for a broken, scarred ex-army doctor. A lonesome cabin was the best place for him. Of this, John was certain.
“Monster!” The elder man expelled the word in an insinuating gasp and pulled a silver crucifix from his breast pocket. He turned to the other three of his party, all of whom had taken a considerable step back since Sherlock’s transformation. “Step up, lads! Now is not the time to cower in the face of the devil’s filth.” The words were enough to rouse a renewed stance from the reluctant men, who took their place by the elder’s side with visible unease. The elder held the crucifix before him like a shield and aimed his weapon once again.
“Sherlock Holmes, you impossible git…” John chuckled solemnly with a shake of his head, thoughts flashing with images of cases, and cab rides, and domestic mornings and evenings of comfortable companionship in the flat. “Do you really think I could ever be afraid of you?”
Sherlock immediately saw the disappointment in John’s features. John loved his garden so. The fawn crawled up to the plants and observed the area. “Was raccoons.” Sherlock explained. “One came for eat tomatoes. Another came for start a fight. They fight in garden, hurt John plants.”
Moosecroft snorted and butted at Sherlock with his antlers. “Get up. We are leaving this dangerous part of the forest and going to the fawn council meeting where you belong!”
John had been comfortably lost in the most pleasant dream – he and Sherlock sprinting through the streets of London on a thrilling chase. When he awoke the evening had fully transitioned into night. Stretching out the usual after-nap stiffness in his shoulder, John searched the room for any signs of the gangly fawn. Sherlock was adept at taking up residence in the strangest of places – under the coffee table, between the curtain rods and the window examining a dead fly, clomping about the bathroom with his hoof stuck in one of John’s sandals. John had even discovered him once inside the oven, antlers disturbingly close to inadvertently tearing out the gas line. For this reason, John was always unsurprised but concerned when the curious fawn was out of sight.
“No.” John insisted. “I’m not too kind. You deserve this.” John trailed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “Unless this isn’t what you want…”
“You’re an abomination!” The eldest of the men stepped forward, brandishing a gun from the holster on his belt. “I’ll sleep well this night knowing that I’ve snuffed your scum existence from this earth.”
“A lot of things, actually. Would you like to help me unpack them?” Sherlock was up in an instant with an enthusiastic nod.
was the most beautiful, brilliant thing I have ever seen and I wouldn’t trade seeing it for anything in the world.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and his jaw fell just slack enough to part his lips in wonder. “Why?” The breathless word was all he could manage.
John turned the clock around so Sherlock could see the back. “This knob sets the time for the alarm to go off, and this switch enables the alarm. If you pull the switch the alarm will go off at the time you set. I use it to wake me up in the morning. But I don’t have to use it if it will hurt your ears… I can put it in the closet if that will make you feel better.”
It was the eve before the first morning of Autumn, and Sally Doenavin and Antlerson were busy at work, setting out the decorations and offerings for the coming day’s festivities. A morning brunch would be followed by a processional and address of the fawn council, after which there would be songs and feats of traditional fawn sport for the amusement of young and old alike.
“You’re an idiot.” John’s curt words effectively halted Sherlock’s babbling. “And you’re dying.” John pressed his own arm into the points of Sherlock’s fangs, not quite breaking the skin, but drawing the detective’s focus back to where it needed to be. “Take what you need.”
“No buts.” John brought a finger to Sherlock’s lips, as if he could physically retrain the man’s anxieties. “I love you, and I don’t care
Sherlock traveled in the general direction of the light, marking his path every so often so he could find his way back. Sherlock walked for some time before he finally saw a faint glow coming through the trees. He pushed past the thick foliage and found a structure of some sort. It was large, the sides and top appearing to be made of wood. Sherlock had never seen anything like it before. The fawn crept out from behind the trees and looked over his discovery.
Slowly the piece ended, the last note ringing out, sending a wonderful feeling of peace to John’s body and soul. Sherlock lowered his violin and opened his eyes, looking to John.
John’s heart was racing, and he could feel everything he had ever wanted to say bubbling on the tip of his tongue. “Do you know…?” John started, stopping to steel his raging anxieties and inhale a deep breath. “Do you know that I love you?”
“Can you try?” John wondered if his nerves carried over into his own voice as well. “I just need to understand.”
Sherlock smiled and nodded. “Won’t take long. John can stay for relax in lake. Sherlock will be where John can see.” Sherlock motioned towards the various bushes on the hillside across the way.
“John needs wear good shoes for walk.” Sherlock instructed, extremely pleased that John willing to venture out with him. John nodded and put on his trainers. “Just how far are we going, Sherlock?” John asked warily as he tied up the laces.
Sherlock’s face broke into an astronomical smile, and John was beyond certain the fawn was, in fact, blushing.
Today when John went out to the garden, wearing the ‘stupid garden hat’, he was dismayed to find that his plants had been completely and utterly trampled in the night. “They’re ruined! They’re bloody ruined!” he lamented, examining the desolation of his garden.
Sherlock saw the dark figure of a server approach him and attempted to grasp his forearms and pull himself up, but the server only bore him to the ground and spread Sherlock's legs under his robes. One cold hand, callused from work as a servant sliding up his inner thigh to his undergarments. Sherlock gasped at both the coldness and the sensation, for no one had touched him so intimately yet, not even when he had been up for auction.
"I got a soft posting at a recruitment office for my last three months. I found out eight weeks ago, after you asked if I could make your final show and I told you I couldn't get it off." John smirked at Sherlock's dumbfounded expression.
"Don't be ashamed John, your a healer and a soldier, dancing requires an entire different skill set."
"You don't want me," Sherlock groaned in denial before John grasped his prick firmly and began to pump steadily while reaching to fondle his balls. "You {need} me."
"Don't be ridiculous John, I'm the only one who could definitively identify the body. And you know I'm not squeamish," Sherlock explained. "Besides, a mysterious murder? It's the best birthday gift one could ask for!"
"It's fine, John. My brother and I have never been close companions, it is no loss to me." Sherlock resumed his scribe work and gestured at John to continue his dictation.
"You know I enjoy your company. It is amazing to find someone so far from home who is still so easy to talk to," John smiled. "Thank you for all you have done in service to the North."
"Staying on? Does this mean that you plan on staying in the Southern Cities indefinitely?" Sherlock looked up from the scribes desk where he had been taking notes before quickly returning his eyes to his writings.
"Thank you," Sherlock placed his hand on John's, which was resting on his left shoulder, to stop his movements. "And I have. Most will only leave though if they have someone asking for their hand, and they aren't allowed to leave the Harem or interact with other men outside of supervised functions, so this feast would be an optimal time for such planning."
"All is well. The king has been making provisions for our campaign to continue. But he has been visiting you every day. Eat and if you can stand, I'll take you to see him.
"Yes, there will. Everyone in the Harem will be required to attend," Sherlock coughed, and the woman settled down to look expectantly, knowing there was more.
"Rule Am-Jabad in my stead while I continue on to An-Bara. I trust you implicitly and what better way to award years of such loyal service." Lestrade replied. "And trust me, I've heard tales that the Harem of Am-Jabad rivals even that of the capitals."
Sherlock nodded sharply and John turned away. Once he was out of view he adjusted himself in his trousers before leaving through the gate of the Harem.
Thinking of Mary, John couldn't help but frown. He had had feelings for her that, while he hadn't acted on, lent a fierce protective nature towards both her and her father. Lestrade had always said that John was a highly competent warrior and should he ever leave the medical profession, he would place him as a General of his army posthaste. John always smiled at the praise, but his place was at his King's side, not behind the lines dispatching orders to runners while his men died.
"Tonight, we say goodnight and farewell for the last time to one of our principle dancers. He has grown up in the shadow of this theatre, he has toiled and trained, he has performed gracefully for six long years. We will miss his presence on the stage, but we know that he will continue to influence this company as he goes on to train the next generation of dancers. We at the company wish you Sherlock, a long career with us at the Royal Ballet School, and we thank you for your many years as an artist. Your ambition and commitment to your art has been unparalleled, and this stage will never forget you."
Molly sighed and sat back. They had done everything possible for the man, with Sherlock as Molly's assistant, they had quickly seen to the man's injuries and given him Essence of Poppy for the pain. Molly went to inform the King's man on the charioteers condition leaving Sherlock alone at his side.
"He seeks to settle as many ladies as possible into a marriage or vocation of their choosing. He has also assured that anyone who leaves will always be granted favor and admittance to the court should they chose to marry one of the Betas or Alphas in attendance."
"I- I don't really do- that kind of- thing," Sherlock was shocked as he stammered for the first time in his life.
"I'm more worried about why they targeted Sherlock," John replied. "Most of the guards were in the east wing for the party. They could have gone through my desk or had an assassin lying in wait; yet they drug and attack a member of the court leaving a party."
Sherlock nodded in obedience as Johns voice turned slightly authoratative for the first time in reference to him.
"So I here you're a teacher." Sherlock looked up as John spoke. "That could be kinky," John continued jokingly.
"26 Beta women, 9 Omega females, and one male Omega. The male I hear is freshly arrived and the Bill claims he's a virgin."
"-Sherlock, please come to the Regents Room when you have finished. I must run an errand but I would like for you to wait for me there."
“Last I saw, Lady Mary was well. She was quiet, but no more than reasonable due to her circumstances. Leaving home and going off to a strange land to marry a strange man you’ve never met before,” Sherlock continued.
John saw right through her act. "Beloved? By who?" He looked away, dismissing her before she could answer. "I don't care what you said about the girls staying in the Harem, I won't have someone beating the others," John told the king in the language of his people. As he was looking into the crowd of faces he was surprised to see the intelligence shining through the eyes of a male in the crowd.
John lay back and returned to his novel, enjoying the feel of the couch on his bare skin, thoughts soon lost to the mystery he was enjoying. Time flew by as he adventured in the turning pages of the paperback, his focus no longer stolen away by the heat of the night. An hour or so later John finished the last page, closing the book and placing it on the coffee table.
“You are not always bored.” John insisted as he placed two plates of eggs and toast on the kitchen table. “You’ve seemed quite entertained since you’ve come here.”
The answer was always yes, to every last “John, did you see?” Because John always did see, continuously transfixed by every brilliant moment, hypertuned to every last word flung from the detective’s lips. From every step of his feet to every dramatic swish and swoosh of his persona, to every heartbeat and emotion of the man hidden beneath it, John Watson
As the sun began to peek through the car windows, Sherlock buried his face farther into John’s jumper. “You can’t tell anyone that I let you pet me…”
The first thing John noticed when he walked in the front door of the cabin was the fact that everything seemed to be in its proper place and Sherlock was nowhere to be seen in the sitting room or kitchen. The second thing he noticed was the piercingly loud sound of his alarm clock ringing in the bedroom.
“You can stay here… if you like.” The words fell out of John’s mouth before he could think about what they meant. Once he had said them, however, John couldn’t seem to object with them despite the logical qualms that popped in the doctor’s mind.
The room was unnervingly bright. John could see every miniscule crack that spider-webbed through the stone of the cavernous walls. The building was old and possibly structurally unsound. This floor was underground - a basement or storeroom of some sort, John imagined, though a storeroom for what he was unsure. The ceiling was high and the floor was damp. Overall it was too bright and unbearably clammy.
All the while Sherlock continued speaking those most vibrant of words. The fawn was beautiful, moonlight catching on every strand of fur, all of which seemed to pulse in time with the beat of his heart and the miraculous growth of the garden. Everything felt connected – the trees, the night – and John could only grasp to the edge of the picket fence and witness that which he was certain he was not meant to see. This was far greater than human, far more profound.
And Sherlock… unfazed by the most gruesome of crime scenes but embarrassed by his own issue, quick to wipe any traces from John’s lips with apologies and a blush spread to his chest. And John would kiss that blush, would follow it up the length of Sherlock’s neck, to his cheeks, and then to his lips so Sherlock could taste himself and blush an even deeper hue.
John was a bit taken aback and extremely curious. How could a pouch of leaves and rocks be so important that he couldn’t go near it? “What exactly are you going to do with all that?” he inquired.
This is the reason why Sherlock, after many minutes of searching, was drawn to a particularly gorgeous bramble among the foliage. This bramble had all the tangled prickles common of the weed, but it was somehow especially lovely in a way that Sherlock couldn’t explain. Sherlock gently picked the plant from the ground, tearing it from its roots. As soon as it was pulled away from the soil the plant transformed from its bramble form into the cumberbranch -beautiful with long, elegant leaves.
Time passed – how long, John was unsure. John simply held Sherlock, and God how perfect it was to have the man in his arms. Sherlock didn’t say anything, and John didn’t expect him to. The man had been pushed to the brink in more ways than one, and there would be plenty of time for words in the safety of Baker Street.
John pulled Sherlock’s hands away from his ears. “It’s okay now. I’ve turned it off.” John began to gently pet one of Sherlock’s floppy, furred ears. He massaged it between his fingers, marveling at how soft the short fur was. Sherlock’s whimpers began to quiet until they had ceased all together.
“I did a fine job of that all by myself,” John said with a sad sort of chuckle. They sat for a moment in silence before John got up and headed toward the kitchen. A few minutes later he returned with two cups of tea, and handed one to Sherlock.
This life-changing realization haunted the forefront of John’s mind for every waking moment that followed its unexpected arrival. John truly didn’t know what to do with this information, and it surprisingly had nothing to do with the fact that he was Not Gay™. Sherlock was just so distant, far away and untouchable even when he was sitting across from John in the same room. John wanted to touch Sherlock. He wanted to feel the aloof detective’s humanity, to pulse through that cold, pale exterior like blood in its veins.
John immediately tensed up at the idea of swimming without his clothes. The image of his scar flashed in his mind. “I… Maybe I’ll just stick my feet in,” the army doctor sputtered. “The water might be too cold for humans.” He let go of Sherlock’s hand.
Ever petulant, Sherlock rolled his eyes at the display. “Your religious fervor is unnecessary and misguided to my lore.” Sherlock scoffed, much akin to the poisonous tone he used when chiding Anderson. “I am not the devil you think me to be, but I won’t hesitate to kill you like one if you bore me. Now, tell me your employer’s name!”
“Sherlock is need gather some… things. Berries and leaves from bushes. Is need for something.” The fawn didn’t want to give away the surprise to John yet, especially since he had yet to tell his friend about the magic fawns could perform.
“Let’s take a look at you,” John would announce. Sherlock would let John slide out to sit on the coffee table, just across from him so that their knees were touching. John would check him over. Look at Sherlock’s face, check his arms, scan for any cuts or bruises he wasn’t already aware of. John would feel from Sherlock’s shoulders down his sides, all the way along his legs and down to his feet. Sherlock would insist he was fine, and usually he was. Anything uncovered was seen to, usually with a plaster and some antiseptic. And it was always then that John would find himself on the floor, between Sherlock’s knees, hands petting over Sherlock’s thighs.
John dislodged the now-splintered and bloodied wood from the first man’s brain tissue and turned in time to see the third man make a run for the stairs. Unsure if there were bullets and confident in his aim, John threw the first man’s gun squarely into the back of the third man’s head, knocking him into a likely concussion with the bannister.
Instead of taking John on the path, Sherlock immediately deviated their trajectory into the sea of trees. John realized that he really should have expected this. Sherlock did live in the forest, after all. Sherlock seemed to be using all his senses to keep track of where he was. The fawn’s eyes were darting around expertly while his ears followed the sounds around them.
Any reply on John’s part was silenced by the disconcerting clank of an old lock being forced open, followed by the creaking swing of an aged door. The only point of entry, situated at the top of a questionably rickety set of stairs, was compromised.
“Hey. Don’t say something that awful about yourself.” John placed a calming hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, trying to reassure the fawn. “You’re not a freak.”
After the dumplings came the soup, a hearty broth with vegetables. Every warm spoonful brought to those lips would be accepted, too, often slowly to savor the flavor and warmth. John loved these moments, so quiet, so warm, so perfect,
Luckily, the majority of their cases were triumphant ones. Yes, there were deaths involved. This never changed. But there also were innocents exonerated and deductive feats achieved, and that was the high they lived for. That high, however, can only carry one’s transport so far. John could expect a different Sherlock to emerge from the shower than the one he had sent into it. So he used that time to tidy up for the care that would come next, clearing the couch and pouring out the teacups, setting aside experiments and untangling red string from everything in the room. Sherlock’s showers were long, which was all for the better. As such it allowed more time to order the take-out and await its arrival, as well as more time to carve out a livable space in which to eat. Sherlock would return to a sitting room he could sit in, which at this point in the proceedings was exactly what he would require.
After a long moment of contemplation, he came to the decision that what he had found must be a house. Sherlock had heard humans mention houses before. Houses were where they lived. The people Sherlock saw in the forest would speak of being far away from their houses, or having forgotten something from their house. Despite having heard of them, this was the first time Sherlock had ever actually seen a house. Sherlock padded closer to the building, cautiously examining it.
“Why are you so afraid?” John realized he had thought this aloud when he felt Sherlock tense a bit. When there was no response, John figured he might as well go all in. “Something frightens you, I can see it in your eyes. You separate yourself, from the world, from me...” John could tell that Sherlock was teetering on the edge of sleep and wondered if the man could truly register any of what he said. “You’re so brilliant, so beautiful. What is it that has you so afraid?”
Backed away in the far corner of the room was Sherlock. The fawn was hiding under a blanket, only the ends of his antlers and his small white tail sticking out from the safety it provided. Sherlock peeked out his head when he heard John burst into the room. His hands were covering his ears as if bombs were exploding around him.
“John! John!” Sherlock yelled, leaping in front of the chair. “Sherlock has something to show you!” John looked up from his paper, a bit annoyed at how loud Sherlock was being.
“Fawn.” The animal replied in a deep, clear voice. “Am fawn.” John stumbled backwards in surprise. Had the animal just spoken? John rubbed his eyes, shaking his head a bit as if to clear his mind.
John would help Sherlock to their bed, gangly arm slung over his shoulders until the mattress was within reach. John would pull back the covers and they would slide in, warm and safe and comfortable and
“You don’t understand.” Sherlock spun around to face John. “These men are dangerous. They know what I am.” Sherlock allowed a moment for this to sink in, content only when the playful attraction to danger had sobered in John’s eyes. “If they are like me…”
Soon John took off his trousers and left them to dry in the sun, leaving him in only his pants. Even though Sherlock was a fawn and wore no clothing, John couldn’t quite bring himself to be completely naked in front of him.
There was a beat, much like the pause between a flash of lightning and the resulting crack of thunder. And much like a crack of thunder, Sherlock erupted in a bout of deep, crisp chuckles that brought life to the dreary circumstances in the same way that John’s blood had to Sherlock’s own skin. John chimed in with his own boyish guffaws, embarking detective and blogger on a giggle fit that lasted several minutes and ended with each man clutching at the other to brace himself against the sheer onslaught of laughter.
There was a pregnant silence when the men finally reached the cold stone of the basement floor, having yet to catch either of their escaped prisoners in their wandering torchlights. Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock was the first to speak.
Sherlock looked a bit more human when he was wet. His fur was flattened down by the water and clung to his slim but muscular build. John was surprised by how Sherlock’s torso looked much like a man’s, albeit a very hairy man’s. However, all one needed to do to remember that this creature was not human was to glance at the furry ears antlers protruding from his head, or the hoofs that were at the bottom of his gangly legs.
Sherlock soon emerged to a waiting cuppa, and John took his place in the loo. Ever the soldier, John showered with military efficiency and soon the two men found each other at opposite sides of the sitting room, warm and clean.
“Sherlock… what is this place?” John questioned in amazement as he stood up and gazed at the surroundings.
“This decision is final, as decreed by vote of the fawn council.” Moosecroft declared, eyes set on Sherlock as he spoke. Sherlock glared at his brother. He was not going to be bullied by the council.
John’s shoulder woke him up early the next morning. It was not pleased with John’s decision to fall asleep on the couch and was flaring up to show its discontent. John sat up to stretch but was stopped by a heavy weight. Looking down, he realized that Sherlock was curled up asleep in his lap. John smiled and gently shifted the fawn over, covering him with a blanket.
Sherlock skipped happily down the hill with his pouch of magic plants in hand, imagining how surprised and pleased John would be when his garden was fixed.
“Are you ready for me to start?” John asked. The fawn nodded, seemingly more interested in the procedure than concerned about the pain, or having a complete stranger tend to him. John carefully began stitching the wound, trying his best not to cause any more pain than was necessary. Sherlock winced a bit, but focused on watching John’s movements carefully.
John realized that he had no right asking such a personal question, realized that he too must be at the edge of exhaustion to allow the vocalization of such thoughts. A few moments passed in silence, and John was beginning to think (to his relief?) that Sherlock had not heard him. But then, the silence was briefly extinguished by a muffled baritone just over the edge of slumber.
It was like corralling an oversized puppy. A difficult feat given that John, in only some respects, mind you, was an arguably undersized man. Sherlock was all arms and legs and height, spinning about with complete disregard for his surroundings, knocking over the clutter he himself had created with the transport he’d neglected for days.
“Is surprise for cheer up John!” the fawn replied enthusiastically. John was immediately touched that Sherlock would think of him, as well as interested to see what sort of surprise the fawn had in store.
Just beyond John’s gardening shed was a large rock, behind which Sherlock had safely stowed his leaf-satchel of plants from the lake. With a perfect and careful organization, Sherlock set out his harvested materials – seeds, various leaves, two different types of roots, and the berries from the cumberbranch.
“There… is that better?” John asked. Sherlock nodded and tentatively brought John’s free hand to the other, unattended floppy ear. John understood and began to pet it as well. John moved his fingers to the base of Sherlock’s ears, causing a deep purr to reverberate from the fawn’s chest.
Rubbing at the evening scruff on his chin, John took a brief walk-about of the cabin. All was quiet and reasonably in its proper place, with the exception of the dish drainer which was lying on its side in a pool of water in the sink.
At first John didn’t see anything. “Hello? Someone there?” he called out, opening the door further. There was no response, but John thought he heard a sound, like someone moving in the darkness.  “You should be mindful, I’m an ex-soldier, so trying to rob me would be considerably unwise.”
“You feel no fear, being close to me in this way?” Even after everything they’d been through, Sherlock harbored disbeliefs.
It was the first night of summer. John had used up all his building money and thus was unable to afford air conditioning. The sticky heat of the night had enveloped all it touched, leaving John feeling as if he was trapped in an oven of humidity. John had eaten dinner and was relaxing on the couch with a novel when he decided enough was enough – he stripped off his jumper and threw it into a heap on the floor.
That John could show such innocent concern for semantics on his behalf was enough to elicit an upward twinge in Sherlock’s lip, despite the impending danger of their situation. Sherlock allowed his own hand to rest over John’s, holding it to where it cradled his cheek. “You are far too good to me, John Watson.”
The only part of fawn culture Sherlock liked was the magic. Fawns were able to harness their connection with the natural world around them, creating spells and potions of various uses. However, Sherlock differed from the rest on this matter as well. While the other fawns learned the few traditional spells of fawn kind and performed them exclusively, Sherlock studied the science behind the spells vigorously and experimented tirelessly until he had discovered things that the other fawns would never have thought possible.
John could tell that Sherlock indeed did. Claws and fangs still brandished, the man took a pointed step backwards with a flash of fear in his eyes unlike any John had ever seen there before. “That’s not possible…”
“Yes, I’m a doctor. That means I help people when they are hurt.” Sherlock slowly loosened his grip on his arm, extending it towards John gently. “Good.” John praised softly. He carefully took Sherlock’s arm in his hands, turning it so he could see the wound. There was a nasty cut on the side, and quite a bit of bruising from the fall.
John could see the fawn meant his words. In the short time he’d known Sherlock he’d never seen the fawn this emotional about anything. John looked at his friend, who had brought him to this secret place in the forest just to cheer him up. Despite his insecurities screaming at him to stop, John slowly pulled his t-shirt over his head.
Another quiet moment passed, filled only with night air and the gentle slosh of the Thames. Sherlock seemed to be absorbing John’s words, considering them deeply.
Sherlock slowly maneuvered himself into a seated position, rubbing his eyes. “Sherlock is almost always bored.” The fawn replied with a yawn.
“It’s all okay, Sherlock.” John chuckled, picking up the wailing little clock and switching off the alarm. Once the source of the offending sound was vanquished, John went to comfort Sherlock, who was still hiding under the blanket and trembling.
And then… it was over. The wind ebbed and the pulsing calmed. All that remained was the newly restored garden, and Sherlock kneeling in the soil, surrounded by John’s plants.
For the rest of his life, John Watson would never forget this moment of his life. John was lost in the music, feeling it the melody wrap around his heart and cradle it in color. What was once a painful, lonely night became a symphony of beauty and perfection, all because of that one violin, that one man. And John was thankful. Thankful for Sherlock, his one true friend, the man who gave his wounded soul a home, a life, and an adventure like none he had ever dreamed of. John was thankful for every moment of his life, good and bad, because they led up to this one, him watching and listening to the most intelligent, amazing, beautiful man in the world pour his heart into a song just for John to hear. And anyone who thought Sherlock didn’t have feelings truly was an idiot, because here they were, dancing in the musical notes for John to see. Only for John to see, speaking to him and him alone.
Trembling so intensely that his raven curls seemed to bounce, Sherlock closed the space between his lips and John’s wrist. Much to John’s surprise, Sherlock pressed the softest of kisses to the vulnerable skin. After a brief moment of blissful lingering during which John let out a breathy gasp the likes of which he had never uttered before, Sherlock pulled back his upper lip and bared his teeth. It was then that John’s eyes widened in unmistakable fear as Sherlock’s uppermost canines descended from the snarl of his Cupid’s Bow, protruding as two deadly fangs.
“How would you know? You’re never out before dusk.” John watched the lines in Sherlock’s forehead flex with an expression of uniquely Holmesian annoyance. “Look at your skin, for Christ’s sake. You look like you’ve never seen a ray of sunlight in your life.”
Careful and meticulously precise, Sherlock poured the contents of the cereal bowl into the ruined flowerbed. He began to recite a scripture in a rich and ancient fawn tongue, transitioning into a deep trance, twining himself with the life and heart of the forest. Sherlock lived for the thrill of properly executing fawn magic, of stretching it beyond what was known. He could feel the spell working, from the bottoms of his hooves to the very tips of his sensitive antlers. Time always ceased to exist in these moments, leaving only Sherlock and the nature he was attempting to bend to his will. And when it finally did bend, when Sherlock achieved the extraordinary – that was a thrill beyond anything else the fawn knew.
A brief look of concern crossed over Moosecroft’s features. “You must attend today’s meeting,” his only reply as he began to walk, expecting Sherlock to follow him. Sherlock did, only because he had never seen a look like that on Moosecroft’s features before.
“Well…” John replied. “I can swim. It’s just….” Embarrassment and self-hate filled John’s eyes. “My scar… is horrible. It is ugly and grotesque. If you saw it, you’d be scared away.”
“Sherlock?” John called out as he set down the grocery bags. There was no reply. John slowly made his way towards his bedroom, keeping out a keen eye for the missing fawn. It wasn’t until John reached the end of the hallway that he heard Sherlock’s whimpers coming from behind the bedroom door.
The rest of the cab ride was silent, save for the soft sound of muffled snores dissipating into the fabric of John’s jumper.
John and Sherlock swam in the lake for over an hour. Sherlock was a surprisingly skilled swimmer, and because of his antlers was considerably lethal when engaged in a splash fight. John enjoyed diving into the deeper side of the lake while Sherlock floated peacefully on his back, dragonflies perching on his antlers from time to time.
“Didn’t work out too well for me.” John took off his coat and sat down in his chair opposite Sherlock. “I thought you were having dinner with Mycroft.”
“Now you’re being silly for once.” John chuckled in reply. “Everyone knows that vampires aren’t real. That’s just a story our mums told us to keep us in at night.”
Sherlock thought about this as he stood up and ambled to the table. He had actually been very engaged most of the time since meeting John. The short, sandy-haired man truly interested him. It wasn’t just because John was a human who was allowing Sherlock to enter his home- it was because John was… well, John.
Sherlock jumped up on to the table of cakes, kicking them about. “That is the alternative, is it not? Banishment. The worst of sentences that can be placed upon one of our kind!” Sherlock spoke with manic distain unfitting to the punishment of which he spoke. The audience looked on with gaping stares of astonishment. “I’ll take that, unless the fawn council prefers to leave me be and pretend this meeting never happened.”
Sherlock gave the tiniest wobble of a smile - a faint upturn of lips shy with sentiment. “I would like that very much.”
“I’m not really certain.” John replied, gently removing the bandage so that Molly could see. “It’s the strangest thing, I’ve been getting these bites every three to four weeks or so.”
John laughed, quite possibly the deepest and most hearty laugh of his life thus far. His laugh only grew when he managed to open his eyes and take in the confused expression on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock’s eyes immediately lit up with concern and anger. “John was hurt? Who hurt? When?” the fawn demanded.
Sherlock pressed a fleeting kiss to the palm of John’s hand before turning himself so that he stood squarely between John and the bottom of the stairs.
John returned with his medical kit from the army, still stocked with necessities for dealing with various types of wounds. John carefully set out his materials on the coffee table as the fawn watched with great interest.
John reared all of his strength into sudden and swift motion, wrenching the wooden stake from the elder man’s grasp before his true intentions could be anticipated. John spun, using the wood to knock the guns from two of the other men’s hands, expertly kicking one of them in Sherlock’s direction. A third gun fired, and missed. John tackled the man who pulled the trigger to the ground and slammed the point of the stake into his skull. Another of the men was at his back then, primed to administer an onslaught of blows – a well-placed gunshot had him collapsing to the side before he could cause any damage.
“You should be dead already, you don’t have a fucking pulse!” John’s entire frame began to shudder, tears escaping his eyes. “I need to save you, but none of this makes any fucking sense!”
John always knew when Sherlock was beginning to wake up. The fawn’s ears would lift up while the rest of his body appeared asleep, following the sounds of John’s movements. Soon the fawn would unceremoniously roll out of his couch-nest, flopping down on the floor.
“Sorry.” Sherlock said. “Usually swim alone.” The fawn stood up and fixed his fur with his hands until he deemed his appearance satisfactory. Sherlock still needed to collect the materials necessary for fixing John’s garden. “Sherlock is go gather from bushes.” He announced to John, pointing towards the thicket that covered the gently rising hill.
“For now.” Sherlock replied softly. For a stretched bit of silence, both the detective and his blogger searched the ceiling as if it held the answers to the rapidly surfacing questions in their minds.
Although Sherlock wanted nothing to do with the fawn council, he could tell there was something different about this meeting. Moosecroft had never ventured beyond the fawn territory to get Sherlock before. He knew that the meeting must be very serious. Sherlock stood up and shook the grass out of his fur.
“You dry yourself off with it when you are wet. Here, I have one in the kitchen. I’ll show you.” Little did John know he was about to explain half of his belongings and their uses to the curious fawn, whose interest never seemed to fade.
Moosecroft stood, eyes alight with concern. “Do not play, brother. That is something far too serious to joke about at a time like this. Accept the council’s ruling and stop this foolish outburst.”
John enjoyed the rest of his cuppa at the dining room table, watching as the pretentious fawn on his sofa slowly succumbed to the charms of his own warm cup of idiocy.
“Oh you like that, do you?” John chuckled, continuing his ministrations. Sherlock had relaxed in John’s lap, nuzzling him like a house cat.
“John…” Even Sherlock’s voice was weak, an exhausted ghost of its usual whip-crack baritone. “What time is it?”
Sherlock gave a petulant full-bodied huff that propelled him the rest of the way over the side of the chair, landing him on the ground in a pathetic, yet somehow graceful heap. John chuckled and decided to let the pile of angry detective stew. Hopefully the flat would still be standing by the end of the afternoon.
“S’lk!” John stumbled forward to the closet door and forced his own voice to remember the process of speaking. “Lock? Sh’lock…” The pained echoes from the next room were unwavering, each one shaking John to his bones. “Sher-lock!”
“I need you to know that you’re the only one. These feelings… I didn’t know what to do.” Sherlock was trembling now, and John reached out a gentle hand to still him. “I thought you’d be frightened of me.”
John was extremely frustrated. He had worked so hard on his garden, just to have a few raccoons destroy it. “There’s nothing I can do to fix it now. All the plants are ruined.” John said with dismay. He took off his hat and trudged into the house.
It was John’s name that would fall from Sherlock’s lips, as John took him in his mouth, as John made him feel beloved. John would lick, from the base to the tip, circling around just to Sherlock’s preference. John would kiss, and suckle, and work his way down until he couldn’t go down farther, and then he would press a bit farther still. Because every moan, every cry, every last sound he could wring from this brilliant man was worth the effort, precious honey sweet baritone vibrating from the depths of that glorious neck, extended long with Sherlock’s head thrown back… and they would build to it together, two as one, until they both found his release.
John never minded the tidying. Many would joke of him “being the wife”, he knew. But that never concerned him. Their relationship was so much more than that, so much more than any other relationship he had ever known. There were no clear cut roles beyond “Sherlock” and “John”, and at different times those had the capacity to mean different things. And it was all fine because they each knew where they stood, and they stood best together. Every bit of care was reciprocated in its own way, a symbiosis too perfectly balanced to have been anything other than fate by design.
“So you still are living with that Sherlock bloke,” Sarah’s father asked, his disdain towards John’s flatmate evident in his tone of voice.
Once the tea was made, John poured a cup and carefully carried it to his bedroom. John liked to have one last cuppa as he relaxed in bed at the end of the day. It helped calm his nerves, and usually helped him drift into peaceful dreams. John set his tea on the bedside table and turned to switch off the bathroom light. It was then that John stopped in his tracks.
Sherlock glared at Doenavin. Of course she would be the one to cause this commotion. She glared right back at him and mouthed the word “freak” before turning her gaze away.
John had to admit that the water looked irresistibly enticing. “But I didn’t bring anything to swim in, or any towels.” John qualmed as he marveled at the feel of the fawn’s furred hand clasping his.
This was the worst Thanksgiving John Watson had experienced in all his life – and he had spent the last two in Afghanistan. He had been so happy when Sarah had asked him to come have Thanksgiving dinner with her family. Even though they had only been dating a little while – if you can count almost being killed Chinese gangsters “dating”- John genuinely liked Sarah. She was nice, and pretty. He knew he should be able to come up with better words than nice and pretty to describe his potential love interest. Heaven knows, he has come up with plenty of descriptive vocabulary to describe Sherlock when writing about him in blog posts, but that is just because the man is so utterly unique and fascinating in every possible way.
“Do you know what my favorite part of the case was?” John would invariably ask, massaging his fingers along Sherlock’s scalp, through raven curls. And Sherlock would listen, humming occasionally to demonstrate so, as John recalled the moments when Sherlock was at his most beautiful, his most baffling, most brilliant. No one had ever done this for Sherlock before John - carded their fingers through his hair and told him he was good at things. Told him he’d done well, told him he was loved. It was the greatest honor of John’s life to ensure Sherlock never went without again.
John could infer the truth in the man’s statement simply from the faint and uncharacteristic tremble in Sherlock’s stance. Perhaps to another’s eyes the fear wouldn’t be visible – a tremor unseen beneath the armor of Sherlock Holmes. But John knew Sherlock, and he could see clearly.
“Stop worry.” Sherlock chirped. “Are almost there.” John never ceased to be amazed at how the fawn always seemed to sense exactly what he was thinking.
Fawn magic was exceptional in that it had to be requested – the spirit of the forest could always deny a spell if the intent was not aligned with its mysterious sentiments and lore. This prevented the misuse of fawn incantations, cementing fawn magic as a power for good.
“I’m told this is rare. Fashioned from a certain tree, found only in a dangerous and unholy place.” The elder man passed the wood from hand to hand, testing its weight. “I do not entertain questions from demons of your kind, but I will tell you this of the man who sent us here.”  The elder man gave the wood a strong and sudden swing through the air, the sound of which was enough to make Sherlock flinch as if he had been struck. “The man who sent us gave me this, and he told me that it can kill you.”
“Those are eggs and toast. You eat the eggs with a fork and the toast with your hands. Go ahead, try it.” John took a large bite of the eggs, as if to demonstrate that it was edible. Sherlock carefully put some eggs on his fork, (his table manners had greatly improved in the past few days). Sherlock tried the bite, contemplating the taste as he slowly chewed. Once he had swallowed, the fawn jumped out of his chair, darting outside. A moment later he returned with some grass and a few leaves, which he sprinkled on top of the eggs.
“You’ll freeze in the winter without a home to sleep in.” Moosecroft insisted, obvious concern seeping into his voice.
“Very right you are, my brilliant fawn. You learn so well.” John praised. Sherlock had taken a great interest in John’s grandmother’s old clock and had insisted that John teach him to read the time. “Only thing you’ve got wrong is how to say it. It’s six o’clock. Not ‘six on clock’.”
As soon as John had unwrapped the blanket, the animal’s head popped up, looking about the room with great curiosity. John took this opportunity to get a proper look at the creature. It was unlike anything he had ever seen. 	Its bottom half was like that of a deer, with hooves instead of feet.  Its legs were furred and it had a fluffy white tail on its backside. Its belly and groin area were also furred, like a deer, and John could see that this creature was a male.
Sherlock was never the type to allow himself to be bothered by the weather – he simply went about his business as usual, only making alterations in his behavior to accommodate the changing seasons when it was absolutely essential to his well-being. Despite his usual disregard for the weather, Sherlock did appreciate and especially enjoy the evenings of summer. The warmer and lighter evenings meant that Sherlock could stay out in the forest later without worrying about it getting too cold. It also meant he could adventure farther beyond the borders of the fawn territory, greatly increasing his chances of encountering new things.
As John’s trousers dried, he relaxed in the shallow side of the lake, simply enjoying the warmth of the sun. Sherlock emerged from the lake and shook off his fur like a dog. “Oi! Be careful where you’re shaking!” John yelled as drops of water flew about, some landing on his face.
Sherlock had been explicitly told that he must attend today’s meeting. Moosecroft had reminded him time and time again, as if reminding Sherlock was going to make him care enough to come. The meeting was to start soon, but Sherlock wasn’t bothered in the slightest. He was too busy engaging in one of his more trivial pursuits: rolling in the grass. Sherlock loved to roll in the grass whilst he pondering things in his mind forest. He enjoyed the feeling of the grass rubbing on his fur, and he liked making a mess of himself. Sherlock was blissfully rolling about when a rustling in the leaves startled him.
As John’s eyes adjusted to the sudden decrease in light, Sherlock’s body collapsed to the floor and gave what could only be described as a violent shudder of relief. John was immediately at his friend’s side, checking him over with gentle hands. “Tell me where you are hurting. What did they do to you?” Feeling no broken bones in his initial examination, John gently helped Sherlock roll onto his back. A simple touch to the pale man’s forehead yielded a gasp from the doctor’s lips. “Christ Sherlock, you’re cold.” John hastily removed his own jumper and draped it over as much of Sherlock as he could cover. As he began to stand, mind set on finding a way to escape and get Sherlock the medical attention he clearly needed, the doctor was stopped by the weak grip of a hand, the skin of which felt utterly devoid of life. “John…”
A shudder runs through John’s body when Sherlock lowers his gaze and their eyes meet, causing Sherlock to smirk.
Sherlock's eyes narrow and John has to struggle to maintain the inquiring expression and not throw himself at the young man's feet and beg for forgiveness. "Please."
Sherlock was livid when he found out. Always protective. But he was also sweet, took his time with the marks on John’s buttocks. What followed was definitely worth the pain and humiliation in Mr. Stokes’ office.
“That blush suits you nearly as well as my jacket.” Sherlock's voice has dropped and is now darker, huskier. He places a palm on John's burning cheek and John's gaze is involuntarily drawn to the beautiful face above. “I imagine you to look just like that the first time I undress you and slowly examine every inch of your body.”
They all warned him, but who would he trust and where would he run when they all turned out to be the enemy?
The Greaser's long fingers trail down the black sleeve and manages to find enough of John's hand to liberate it. He laces their fingers together and John nervously licks his lips when he looks down at the natural arrangement of digits, fitting together as perfectly as puzzle pieces.
“Last time we met you said I was happily unaware,” John remembers and takes a few steps back. Just in case the man would find a bag or a rope inside his suit jacket. “Apparently I am happily unaware of what is to come.”
The lump is back in his throat. It aches when he admits that Sherlock left him, and not only to take a trip.
He refuses to break down. He refuses to give in to Sherlock's psychological games and manipulation, and yet he flinches when the Greaser speaks again.
John can only stare at the front page. He can see his signature, sloppy amongst Molly's neat text, but Mr. Stokes has got it the wrong way around.
He sighs and shrugs his shoulders. The shrug turns into a shudder and a moment later a soft blanket is carefully wrapped around his body.
John is grateful for Mr. Stokes' decision to keep him after class when it is time to mount the bike. To John it is like climbing a mountain. When he finally is seated behind Sebastian, falling down feels like such a realistic threat that he immediately locks his arms around the Greaser's chest and prays to God that he will not end his days on a beast of metal. Sebastian kicks the vehicle to life and John suddenly feels like the milkshake machine at Red's Ice Cream. Everything shakes. His body, his teeth, the school, the man watching them.
“We will have to walk from here,” Sherlock announces as he turns the key and the soft purr from the engine dies out. “It’s not far, come on.”
“What?” Sherlock immediately turns to him, gnawing his lower lip. “Don't you like it? I had some of these things bought especially for you. If you don't like it, we can change it.”
“John is still working with the moles. Tricky equations. But not to worry, Mrs. Watson. We have it under control.”
To think that Sherlock would hesitate before redecorating his face is foolish. A small voice in the back of his head repeats Marilyn's warning words and he nearly groans to himself as he approaches the intimidating building with his back stiff. Leave the jacket and hurry home before his parents come back, that is all he has to do. A bold attack is half the battle and the knowledge of what would happen if his parents were to find the leather jacket in his room motivates him enough to push the door open.
John's words are thick, but his voice still carry a bitterness even Sebastian distinguishes. A frown appears between the Greaser's eyebrows and he tilts his head to the side ever so slightly, whilst trying to solve the equation in front of him. John, uncomfortable by the scrutinising eyes, looks away, only to have his gaze darting back to Sebastian when the other suddenly speaks.
Sherlock is muttering, but his grip around John's hips eases and he leans forward to pet the blond hair as he pushes inside and finally stops, filling John completely with his balls against the skin where a drop of saliva earlier descended.
Sherlock is waiting for him underneath the oak, lying on his back supported by his elbows and glancing out over the school from the same spot where John was studying the previous day. John cannot understand what was so obvious about the secluded part of the school area that Sherlock expected him to immediately know where to look. As if the tree were their special spot.
The man’s laughter only dies out when the shiny shoes are safely back on the grass and fingers with well-trimmed nails cup John’s chin.
A small shock of pain shoots through John's body as he says that. After the evening they shared together, after Sherlock's hand drew pleasure from him like no one had done before, he had expected more than a goodbye kiss in Sherlock's car. He even caught himself missing their lunch under the oak.
“If he is avoiding you it would probably be wisest to stay away,” John says quietly, but his words are ignored.
John's inside turns as cold as the milkshake and he stares at Sebastian. The question could be innocent, but for some reason he does not believe it is.
The house is as remarkable on the inside, with flights of stairs, soft carpets and old paintings in gold frames, some which John could have sworn have Sherlock's nose or Sherlock's eyes. He finds the house more frightening than the scene in the warehouse, it disconcerts his image of the Greaser and reinforces the fake Sherlock who visited his mother. The fake Sherlock who turned out to be the real.
How could he, the Golden Boy with straight As and a duteous member of society, become a target of drug dealers and the underworld's henchmen. John blames it all on Sherlock. Sherlock and his involvement in things which no one with a sense of morality should look at twice.
“Sherlock did not kill Carl,” Moriarty murmurs. “I did. I never liked him, so he had to die. And now it is your turn, Johnny.”
Mr. Stokes shifts on the floor, moving to John's other side to give him the last three strokes of the punishment, and John bends his left arm and brings it closer to his face. The golden bracelet is so close that he could kiss it and he presses his lips against the cold metal. It reminds him of Sherlock and it gives him strength, although he knows that Sherlock would not be happy with just comforting him in a moment like this. Sherlock would take the cane from Mr. Stokes, pry the teacher's lips apart and shove the piece of wood down the man's throat.
The door opened and Sherlock turned to see John entering with a tray holding a basin, cup, and pitcher of water.
John hurriedly scooped up the silk dressing gown  he assumed was Sherlock's and draped it over his shoulders.
"Water," Sherlock croaked, and John jumped to pore him a glass which he quickly drank. John refilled it once more and Sherlock sipped this glass slowly. "The man. The one who attacked me. Has he been found?"
"Yes sir," John replied with a smile on his voice. "Just one more city till An-Bara, and justice for our people and your daughter."
"Now, enough seriousness. A toast! To the victory of our King, and the future liberation of the South! May peace come swiftly, and may everyone find their way home safely."
"Get off," Sherlock slurred. Pushing as weakly as a newborn kitten against the shoulder of the man who was now undoing his belt and insinuating himself between Sherlock's legs. Sherlock whimpered in helplessness while he was disgusted at himself for being powerless to stop the assault. All he could smell was the sweat of the man's skin and the sharp tang of pheremones of an Omega in distress. A single tear fell from his eye and he had little energy to do anything other than study the face of the man who was attempting to belabor him.
Sherlock relayed all of his deductions that he had made the previous night, adding in the story of seeing the man working as a server who had given him a drink, obviously laced with whatever had incapacitated him the night before.
Sorry for the long time no write... Hope you enjoy the chapter and hope I can get you a new chapter by tomorrow!
"In the North, we like to toast at the beginning of a celebration; not just to get in our two cents before everyone is too drunk to care." (chuckles from the Northern soldiers echoed throughout the room) "But we also must take note that our campaign is a serious one. We are here to right a wrong that has been done towards the honor of not just Princess Mary and our King, but our country as well. And along the way, we have met new friends" (a look was exchanged between Sherlock and John) "and we have been priveledged to experience the life and culture of the South. We hope that we are as welcomed as you would be in our country, and we hope that these sad events that bought us here can lead to a newer brighter coexisistance between our people."
"I gave my password to Murray as well as a pre-written message. He sent it to you at a prearranged time but I was already on a plane coming to you love." John wiped two tears from the corner of Sherlock's eyes. "Nothing can stop me, you know that."
"It was the best suit available to me. And I believed it would be rude to turn down your gift," Sherlock looked sideways to see a slight frown on John's face. "It would also be a waste to not where something so obviously tailored to me. I am very greatful for your gift my lord."
"What on earth are you doing?" Sherlock demanded. Half of John's bandage was tangled around his arm as if he had tried to slip out of it.
"He couldn't get the leave," he muttered before returning to his motions, which were more aggressive than earlier. "And I'm not retiring Irene, just leaving the stage lights to younger bodies. I've already been offered a senior instructors position at the Royal Ballet School, and I've already started working on the choreography of my own ballet. Once I've left, I'll have time to actually write it up; maybe you'll be performing it in a few years, if you're still planning on dancing until you drop that is."
"If he had the brains to run away when your man found me, then he would have done anything to escape. If he worked here which is likely, then he obviously knows his way around," Sherlock replied, grasping the handle of the door.
"I want the women to feel like they have a choice, and to know that should they choose, I will do my best to find positions for them within the court," John explained. "Many of the men the King left behind are unmarried and unattached and have shown interest in staying on with me, at least till this business with Moriarty is over."
"Sherlock," a voice called from the entryway. Sherlock spun around quickly to see John standing in his newly fitted suit. He couldn't help but notice how similar it was to the one he had given Sherlock, except his overrobe was an ice blue color and his tunic was a pristine white. A ceremonial circlet of intricate gold rested on John's head, blending in with the golden strands of his hair.
"My parents owned a rather large library. Once I presented, I was unable to go where I wanted. The library was by far the most interesting place I was allowed to go. Before my parents-" Sherlock cut off to see John listening with interest. "Well, before I came here I had nearly finished its entire contents."
"Someone's cranky," Irene smirked at Sherlock's reflection. When he clenched his hand on the edge of his table her smirk lessened.
Danae quickly shut the door to her room as the sounds of rushing feet and fabric swept through the halls. Her room was small but practically her own; she shared with Sherlock technically, but most of his nights were spent working in John's office outside of the Harem. Danae couldn't help but be envious of Sherlock's easy comraderie with the Ghian, especially the long hours he seemed to spend outside the Harem with him. She had taken to noticing Sherlock's guard returning to the Harem; an action which could only be the result of an order from the Ghian. Surely Sherlock would take one of the six spots remaining in the Harem.
"Don't you dare say you aren't hungry Sherlock. You're terribly thin, and I am a doctor you know." John passed Sherlock a plate of choice meats and beautifully ripe fruit, placing it in front of him before pouring honey into a small cup of tea.
"I'd like my dining partner to be only slightly fashionably late," John joked as Sherlock rushed along.
John pulled on Sherlock's dancebelt. The band snapping against the skin of Sherlock's arse, wet from sweat and the water from the shower. Kneeling behind Sherlock, John lingered to kiss, lave, and then suck bruises into the firm flesh of Sherlock's rear. Sherlock moaned at the sensation and leaned on his forearms against the shower wall. Water hit his shoulders and sluiced down his back. John's hands steadied his hips before grabbing his cheeks and squeezing firmly. John slowly spread them apart, using his tongue to roughly lick from sacrum over his hole and down to suck on his balls. Sherlock gasped at the sensation, setting his feet apart even wider.
The slavers seemed displeased at the arrival of the Northern King. John grew tense as the hairs along the back of his neck stood up. Glancing up from roof to roof John saw a single man in black raise a knocked bow and aim for the King.
Murray looked at the tall man who spoke to him fluently in his own language before returning to Common. "I and this woman, her father owned an apothecary," Sherlock dragged Molly from behind him, "We can help."
"A brother. Older. Bit of a git. He's likely halfway across the Gabon on some merchant caravan or another." Sherlock dismissed the discussion with a wave of his hand.
In the wings, he was assaulted by well-wishing understudies and dancers and stage hands wanting to shake his hand or say goodbye. Irene stood at his side for a time before turning at the gesture of a stage hand.
John laughed brilliantly before pulling Sherlock by the hair into their first kiss in almost ten months.
"Yes, an older beta sister, Harriet. And then two younger brothers. Henry is an Omega and Malcolm the youngest is a Beta. Harriet will likely take over my familys' holdings now that I am here."
"Since she is older, yeah. Malcolm will likely be given the dower farm; not a bad peice of land for a fourth born child. And Malcolm always preferred a quieter life anyways. Now if Harry were an Omega, it would only go to her in the event of Malcolm and I passing on without heirs. In the North, an Omega can only inherit if from their spouse of if they are the oldest sibling of other Omegas. There have been cases of land holdings being willed to Omega's though," John added.
"Sherlock," John strode forward quickly, placing the tray on the bedside table. Sitting on the edge of the bed, he placed his palm on his patients' forehead and viewed his pupils. "How are you feeling?"
Murray, as well as Danae were sat on the left side of John, and Sherlock to John's right. Danae, had insinuated herself between John and his friend in attempts to recapture his attention.
"I apologize for disturbing you all. Please continue." John cast his smile charmingly across the room. "And Sherlock, please come to the Regents Room when you have finished. I must run an errand but I would like for you to wait for me there."
"Someone tried to assault him. I would have given chase but Sherlock seems to be drugged and I didn't want to leave him." Murray responded.
Sherlock looked up to see the king entering alongside a familiar blonde man with eyes of the clearest blue.
"First and most importantly. They must want to stay. And let them know that they may leave at anytime as long as they let me know. I will not rescind this or forbid them to leave. But I also will not take in anyone who leaves and later decides to return." John stated. Sherlock nodded and continued to listen.
"Thank god they never have you dance in this," John tugged at the band of Sherlock's dancebelt. "I never would have gotten a ticket. As it was, I had to beg your brother to find one last minute."
Sherlock rushed about, running errands and arranging last minute details with the kitchen and waitstaff. He hadn't had time to bathe or change for the feast yet. His hair was limp from the heat and his pace rapid as he went from the ball room to the hosting room where the table was being laid with stemware and centerpieces.
John now spoke in the Common language so everyone could understand him, "Good, then as Regent of Am-Jabad and now your ruler I appoint you-" he stopped and looked at Sherlock questioningly.
A flash of memory overcame him at once and he bolted upright in the bed, his breath coming fast as he grasped the blankets to his chest while one hand traveled down his body to feel his clothes still on him, although he was no longer wearing his belt, over-robe, or slippers. He didn't recognize the room in which he was in, but the early sunrise peaked through the gossamer curtains and the room smelled of tea leaves and light incense.
"What the-?" John gasped, clearly wanting to chase the figure but not wanting to leave Sherlock alone in the garden, to which Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"I want to add something, I just don't know what," Danae complained, looking at Sherlock expectantly.
If Sherlock hadn't been so shocked himself with the exquisiteness of the gift, he might have registered the envy in Danae's voice.
Last one of the night! I want to hear the love!!!! Please send me all your comments, kudos, suggestions, and predictions!
"Come here. Sit," John said, standing at the edge of the bench and guided Sherlock to sit once again, this time standing behind him with his hands on Sherlock's shoulders.
First, I just want to admit that I have been a dreadful host and lost track of all of my stories and projects... I need to do better.
Sherlock removed his practice slippers and stretched and flexed his sore toes. Pulling his sweat-drenched tank top off and slipping out of his leggings. The recoil of the fabric as it snapped off of his ankles caused a splatter of sweat to flick onto the old tile floor of his private dressing room. Sherlock, as a principle dancer for the Royal Ballet, was allowed his own dressing room. One of the driving forces for becoming a principle dancer- apart from the ambition of mastering his craft- was to get away from the other dancers. However, at this moment, one had followed him into his room.
"Sherlock dear, I've been looking quite everywhere for you. Wherever have you been?" Danae called, sweeping forward to latch onto Sherlock's arm. "You must be thirsty," she raised an arm to a passing server who held a single glass of champagne, obviously on the way back to the service station to refill his tray. Scooping up the glass himself Sherlock downed it quickly without thought, the cool chapagne going smoothly down his throat.
Betas can impregnate and Bond with Omegas yet most Beta/Omega couples occur through purchase by wealthy Betas or arranged marriages of freeman Omegas.
"Sherlock, you must know- I do not see you that way. You are madly brilliant and beaut- quite handsome. And I do solemnly belive that there should be no Harem at all. I was inclined to keep it solely as it is a tradition that I believe the castle would be at odds if I discontinued it," John winced. "Now, saying this, it seems a poor excuse as many would think I am just keeping it for the women."
"At the feast, there will be a number of unBonded Northern soldiers, as well as a few Betas and Alphas from the court and surrounding Guild families who are seeking wives. The Ghian has granted them permission to come with the intention of applying for the hand of a lady from the Harem. He has promised that no one will be forced into a match, but encourages you to seek your best oppurtunity."
"I should like to see your homeland," Sherlock sighed wistfully. "I can only imagine walking through a garden of trees so tall they reach the sky. And seeing nothing but grass for miles on the plains."
John's breath was warm and his lips soft against Sherlock's as his breath hitched slightly. The hairs of John's short beard brushed softly against Sherlock's smooth skin, causing a shiver to pass subtly down Sherlock's spine.
I'm sorry if you thought I fell off the face of the planet and died... I hate when I find a good in-progress story and see that it was last updated two years ago... I feel your pain at the same time I feel defensive about my procrastination and overall forgetfulness....
“I don’t believe in the Gods John,” Sherlock replied. “Motive and reason govern men. If you know what men want then you know how to react. Lord Kamal was a glutton who wanted more.”
"Murray," came a shout from down the hall as John quickly arrived with four trailing guards and Murray's companion.
Sherlock quickly ran forward; leotard, shoes, and all. He opened the door and stared into the glass panes of the shower. Bare skin and a muscled rear were unobstructed from his view. A golden hand raked through short equally golden hair.
"When I heard of the Northern army approaching all I could think of was getting away from Kamal. I couldn't stand the thought of being trapped within the palace confines for the rest of my life. Rather perish by the sword than from the drudgery of servicing some lording Alpha," Sherlock looked out through the window towards the horizon.
"Danae!" came the shrill voice of Sally from down the hall. She had appointed two of the ten eunuchs as her constant guards as soon as the Northerners had taken the city.
John gasped and quickly knelt by Sherlock's side. Taking his pulse and viewing his pupils. He then scooped Sherlock to his chest and stood, cradling Sherlock's lean frame against himself.
The woman took off without question, her slippers making soft sounds against the tile floor as Murray did his best to right Sherlock's garments and lean him against the wall. Sherlock appeared in a daze, slurring unintelligent sounds. His pupils seemed dilated, even in the weak light of the candles and torches scattered through the hall.
They neared an area that John now recognized as Slavers Alley. Many of the Southern cities had similar landmarks that made finding a certain marketplace or area easy to find no matter the city you were in. This had been helpful for the Northern army as they moved from city to city, leaving behind men and regents to see to the city once it had been captured. A few cities had been left with their rulers and people intact as word of the Northerners superiority on the field of battle reached the people's ears. in exchange for supplies and water as well as information, Lestrade had left several cities behind with the promise of not looting or engaging with the citizens with hostility. As they continued further South, fewer and fewer cities had met them in open combat as many rulers realized that the Northern King was on a mission for one ruler, and not the entire country.
"Wait a minute, you were the one who nursed me?" John recalled a soothing touch and a warm hand throughout the haze of his bedridden fever.
Sherlock steadied himself with an inhale, "You came in on King Lestrades' chariot, yet he had no driver. A King doesn't drive into a city holding his own reigns, and due to his urgency it is unlikely that he had you moved to his chariot and his driver kicked off, hence you were his driver, a poistion of honor in the North as well as the South. Your man, Murray, he came running into the Harem seeking medical attention, a physician; a King wouldn't travel far in battle without his own royal physician, and he surely would have treated his driver with his own doctor especially with the haste in which he sped through the front gates. Also, you had a small compact journeymans bag attached to the inside of the chariot frame. Murray bought it to your sickbed and in it were a surgeons field tools, specifically to triage war wounds. It is unlikely your King utilized them, therefore they were yours. Inside the chariot there were spears- the Kings'- as it is his weapon of choice and also has is hearldry imprinted on them. A chariot driver doesn't use spears, but he could hardly be without a weapon in case the chariot should come to some injury in the midst of battle. I saw a bow, sturdy yet too small to fit the height of the king and it was clearly used by someone who is left handed, the arrow repeatedly being knocked on the left side of the bow. The King was holding the reigns in his right hand, it couldn't have been his. A bow and quiver of ready arrows, those take up space on a chariot. A seasoned soldier such as yourself and the King would only bring them if they could be expertly used. You were the one they belonged to meaning you favor long distance kills, likely you are a crack shot. A King would be wise to have a strong arm on his right hand side in battle. Who better than a doctor and marksman?"
Sherlock appeared shocked at this invitation and seemed hesitant as he sat beside John in a spot usually reserved for honored guests.
Hi. I have gone back to reread what I have written so far and I believe that my desire to put out chapters as fast as possible has created a work that is not as detailed as I would like. So I am planning on rewriting the story. I don't plan to change anything in the story line. I only plan to elevate the language and add some foreshadowing and details into the plot. So I ask, do you mind if I start now or would you prefer me to finish the story before I rewrite. Keep in mind that I will leave this version online for those who wish to reread this. Please respond either by yes or no or with a comment under this chapter and by March 17th 2016. I will total up the opinions and go from there... Thank you for reading and giving your opinions! I love you all!
"Alright, will you let them know the plans and encourage them to excercise their choice to leave?" John asked, breathing lightly into Sherlock's ear. "I don't know about you, but 34 spouses are a bit much for anyone."
"How many of us does he wish to keep here in the Harem," a voice asked from the back of the courtyard.
John looked at Sally shrewdly. "I cannot have someone like you near me. You are my subject. And I cannot allow you to harm other subjects so brazenly and cruelty as you have. You may go."
But it would still be too late for John to take part in an important part of Sherlock's life. Sherlock would just have to face the stage as he had so many times before;
"The Lord Kamal has been Ghian here since he was sixteen. He has never sired a child out of this Harem. And believe me he tried." Sherlock shuddered at the memory of the sounds of rutting and slapping flesh. Lord Kamal had made him watch the bedding of several women of the Harem when he had first bought him and Molly. Molly had kneeled beside him as the Lord Kamal had Danae bouncing and grunting laboriously as he slammed her body onto his form.
In this world, Alphas do not have ridiculously big cocks. Alphas do however have more enlarged testes, especially if they are Bonded or constantly around unBonded Omegas due to pheremone influence on hormone production. Alpha's also have much shorter refractory periods to satisfy Omegas in Heat regardless of age. They have an abnormal stamina, even if they are older.
"No. No. No, Sherlock," John quieted the young Omega. "I'm not going to send any of you back to auction I promise." He reached under Sherlock's chin, bringing stormy grey eyes to meet his blue eyes.
"Come in," Danae called, quickly closing the wardrobe in which her unfinished dress hung. She wouldn't put it past one of the other women to sabotage her plans.
John and Sherlock fell into a routine; mainly of John starting a sentence and Sherlock knowingly finishing it or handing him a document in an increasingly omniscient manner. John barely finished a thought before Sherlock was by his side fleshing out the details or providing documents to be signed to the effect of John's intention.
As the dance had ended, John had drawn Sherlock away from the dancing crowds and towards the balconey which opened onto the Royal Garden, a veritable labyrinth of hiding places for couples and elicit lovers.
As one by one, the men rose to attend their duties, soon Sherlock and John were the only ones left in the room. John was reviewing the notes Sherlock had bought with him, and Sherlock was draining his tea cup that John had filled for him. The honey was sweet and blended nicely with the tea, warming Sherlock as he wiped his mouth and fingers with the napkin and rose from his seat.
Once the dinner had ended and many couples had moved to the ballroom, John was forced to leave Sherlock's side to dance with various guests and ladies from both the court and the Harem. Before John had left his side, he had granted Sherlock the first dance, marveling at how graceful Sherlock was, causing a reappearance of a blush on Sherlock's face.
Sherlock had been a rare prize for the slavers block. It wasn't often that a young untouched male Omega found his way there, and the buzz had drawn the Ghian out of the heart of the the city and into the slavers slums to see the beauty being boasted of by the slave trader Moran.
"Well, once this war is over, it is likely that I will return home. I have some affairs to settle before I can relocate permanently. If you would like, maybe you could accompany me?" John watched Sherlock's face hesitantly for his reaction which didn't disappoint.
"Southerners view leaness of Omegas as a highly desirable trait and I don't require much to function," Sherlock replied in attempt to deny the offerings while in awe that he was being served by his master.
John, while no stranger to flirtatious woman, had never had so many eyeing him at once. Yet his eyes were drawn to the lithe body and curly hair of the male Omega who's eyes had shone with intelligence and whose body demonstrated the innocence that Murray had previously spoken of.
"Sherlock! Please sit. Eat with us," John motioned an empty spot by his side at the head of the table.
"Were you working? Or in training somewhere? It's just you are extremely knowledgable of many things." John continued to look at the top of Sherlock's head.
Murray kissed his companion sweetly on the cheek. "I apologise dear. Duty calls," before taking off to obey his lordships orders.
Danae hoped that her friendship with Sherlock would help her case for staying, but having a beautiful dress couldn't hurt.
"Murray, I want the remaining soldiers in the barracks to do a sweep of the grounds. Enter every room, even the Harem. I want to make sure no one is hiding or in a place they shouldn't be. Give them as thorough a discription as possible and only then can the guests return to their rooms. I'll be in my rooms if you need me," John swooped off, followed by his guards towards the royal chambers.
Sherlock gasped and exhaled harshly as the last spin was spun and the last turn was turned. He gracefully joined the other dancers to bow at the audience before the principle cast stepped forward to bow again separately.
"Can't wait to have my new Omega rutting on me all night. I'm gonna fuck you so hard you'll be carrying multiples. That's right." Lord Kamal giggled maniacally as he slapped Danae hard on the ass and her cry filled the room as he climaxed.
The women had been escorted to the dining hall, and the guards had established a perimeter at the entryways. As servants ushered the guests to their seats, Danae fought the flow of movement to come stand beside John.
When the coughing sickness had taken over their lungs only Sherlock seemed to escape the effects as he nursed his parents the best he could while the servants stole the silver and furnishings before disappearing into the night. As an Omega, Sherlock could do nothing, and he inherited his parents debts, eventually ending up on the block, being sold the the Ghian.
John panicked at his prediction of the next few sentences. "Your Majesty," John knelt on the floor, "I would give up anything to serve you, please do not send me home. I must stay by your side."
"In the South, it is believed that you should celebrate every good tiding, for it pleases the Gods to know their gifts are appreciated. To not do so is bad luck," John looked up to see Sherlock striding forward, a sheaf of papers under one arm.
Most Ghian's left the screen doors to the Pleasure Room open when visiting the Harem. Though John had renamed it the Regents Room, its original name was all Sherlock could think about as he entered it for the first time. The maids had replaced the mattress with a new one of soft feathers and down. The silk from Lord Kamal's days had been replaced with a cool material that Sherlock recognized as linen. Placing his hand gingerly on the blankets he drew them back and shed his robe.
Gasps spread among the women. While not unheard of, not many males became First Wife unless looked on in extreme favor by their master. The ladies knew Sherlock and Molly had given aid to John, but Gods only knows what they must think of him now. Sherlock blushed at the thought, turning his face downward as much to hide the blush as to give a bow of thanks to his new master. The gasps turned to tense silence as the women glanced at the former First Wife. Any many Southern Harem's, demotion from First Wife meant disfavor. Disfavor was accompanied with banishment, imprisonment, or beheading. While they had no true love for Sally, most of the ladies cringed at the idea of further violence.
"I want to begin talks with the woman of the Harem, see which ones decide to stay and which ones have capabilities to be more independent." John continued to shift through the papers, speed reading to make sure everything was in order.
A sudden silence struck the room as all eyes turned attentive at the last arrival. Sherlock stood on the top step of the entryway, for the first time appearing shy and uncertain. Danae frowned at John's attention being diverted from her. Most of the guest seemed to be exclaiming over Sherlock's robes, both over it's luxury and at the similarity it held to John's robes.
"So beautiful," John murmured as he followed the trail back up, extending it to kiss the knobs of his vertebrae and the skin of his neck before circling the shell of his ear. John had prided himself on finding every sensitive spot on Sherlock, sucking on his ears and neck being incredibly arousing during foreplay.
"Yes, it is his wish to settle everyone into a position where they can possibly become independent. He will not force us from the Harem but he seeks to greatly reduce our number."
"You would have my guaranteed protection throughout the journey Sherlock," John promised. "And you could stay, or return, or continue journeying; I won't keep you hear against your will. Plus there are much more wonders than just the forests and plains. If you go far enough, the mountains bring snow in the winter. And there is a lake near my family's home that is so deep in the center, no one has ever been able to touch the bottom. There is a cave underwater with this grotto, me and my brothers would dive down and use it to hide away from my parents when we were in trouble, or to hide treasures." John smiled at his memories of Henry and Malcolm.
"You may," Sherlock replied. John was pleased at the light blush that peppered Sherlock's striking cheekbones.
Sherlock noticed the interest the king, soldiers, and even the women of the Harem took in this exchange.
"The Ghian has decided that he is unable to maintain a Harem of this size," Sherlock started; many of the woman began to exchange worried looks. "The Ghian has decided to meet one on one with each of you to discuss your futures."
"Oh, I haven't opened it yet. It's just an outfit John gave me when I told him I had nothing to wear tonight-" Sherlock stopped speaking when Danae rudely pulled on the string closing the box, lifting the lid to reveal a swath of light blue.
He had paused at the site of the Harem, naked and bathing casually. Many of the women were only partially submerged, and at his appearance while some shied away blushing, others stretched their bodies displaying themselves and their features.
Angry, Murray removed his blade and laid it on a eunuchs bare throat, not knowing of his inability to answer. The women and men assembled in the courtyard cried, shrieked, and whimpered at the violence as the rest of the eunuchs moved to defend them.
Please feel free to comment on how you are enjoying the story, your opinions, or your theories about what is happening next. Don't worry about your posts changing the story though! I've already got the timeline written up for this story. It's only a matter of bridging events!
Betas and Omegas can be just as large as Alphas, though Omegas tend to be of average size as their penis's aren't biologically functional.
Sherlock looked up in surprise at the wonder spreading on John's face; his earlier blush returned with a vengeance.
Please note the chapter number shift due to worldbuilding document added to the beginning. This chapter is short, but I finally have a timeline of events for the story and should be posting and updating chapters soon.
John had turned at the voice of the newcomer, eyes widening as he took in the sheer amount of skin left uncovered in her dress.
Lestrade smiled weakly. "I know you don't wish to go home, but I can't think of anything you could-" he paused suddenly.
The crowd erupted and whistled. Cheers and flashes assaulted Sherlock's senses as Irene bought him forward to bow and then handed him his final bouquet. Sherlock smiled at his old dance partner and accepted her kiss upon his cheek. Turning once again to bow thrice at the audience and shake Mr. Simmons hand.
"If it's not done by now it doesn't need doing," John cajoled. "Honestly Sherlock, the place looks wonderful. Now go and change!" John placed his hand at the small of Sherlock's back, guiding him into the hallway and pushing him in the direction of the Harem.
"Your last performance? Yeah- brilliant as always love." Looking down at Sherlock's semi-nude body he smirked again.
“You care for her, don’t you?” Sherlock asked. The interest shown by John caused an unknown feeling to settle in Sherlock’s gut. John grimaced at Sherlock’s question so Sherlock spared him a reply.
"It is very likely that he was the one who ran from us in the garden," Sherlock concluded, looking up to see a cloud pass over John's face.
Sherlock sighed and steeled himself. He wouldn't normally do this, especially since last time he had deduced someone- Sally- she had forced him to spend the night in the codlest and smallest room of the Harem which began the eventual campaign of bullying up to the day John had exiled her. He didn't want to hurt John's feelings, or anger him to the point of his own exile, but John had requested it of him and he couldn't refuse his lord.
"Sure thing, John." Murray grinned at the direction of John's attention. John walked towards the entryway, standing at the foot of the stairs.
So, I hope everyone is enjoying the story. Looking back on previous chapters I am seeing a lot of spelling or grammar mistakes that probably happen because I no longer have Microsoft Office on my computer. I am making due with WordPad. Hopefully this isn't hurting all the grammar Nazis out there, I know it's hard to read things with horrible grammar. As soon as I can get to a desktop computer I will feel much more inclined towards editing. But once I do that I will also probably add things into the story. When I do that, I promise to put a note in the notes (haha) about going back to reread the chapters. Since they aren't particularly long it should take no time to reread at least!!!! Love you all. Message me if you have suggestions, premonitions on the future, or if you have love!
Danae beamed and twirled, hanging the gown before stripping out of her dress; there was little privacy between any of the residents of the Harem, yet Sherlock looked away nonetheless. Danae laughed playfully as she turned away from the wardrobe, draping the gown over her shoulders and tying it about the waist. The actual sheath of material fell even shorter than Sherlock had predicted, nearly displaying more than just a dramatic amount of cleavage.
Lestrade sighed and helped John stand. "John, if your injury was mine, would you recommend me going on campaign through unknown territory with the eventual outcome being open combat?"
"No more than six," Sherlock swallowed. The woman once again gasped and exchanged glances. A royal harem of six woman was unheard of. Sherlock could only think of how hard the woman would battle to become on of the six, he knew he was not guaranteed a position just because he was the First Wife. Despite John's favor, he had shown no desire towards males, let alone Sherlock.
The dress to be put simply was daring. A dark blue tunic-like shape that would barely reach the top of the thigh. It came together like a robe would, creating a plunging neckline that could be either conservative or expose the skin all the way down to the navel. A layer of black silk had been added to give the illusion of the outfit actually being a dress. The silk overrobe formed tight sleeves and fell to the floor; it would cover most of her skin, yet would also leave much exposed flesh to draw the eye.
Sherlock waited impatiently as his laptop screen remained blank. Sitting in his living room waiting for John to call was a study in madness. John was never strictly punctual with his correspondence, but usually when he scheduled a video chat it was set in relative stone. You were placed on a waiting list for weeks before you were granted a one-hour slot.
Murray ran towards Sherlock and pulled Sherlock's robes down his legs to cover him. He turned towards his companion, a lovely beta woman whom he had met a dinner.
Sherlock picked up a cloth and wiped the grit and sweat that had settled under the bindings before unrolling a lighter linen bandage and helping John to wrap his shoulder once again. Securing the ends where John could easily undo them himself should he need it, Sherlock stepped back and looked away as John replaced his shirt.
"Most of the women here have never seen both blonde hair and blue eyes. It holds a certain appeal," Sherlock said absentmindedly.
John dismissed the guards to the outer hallway once they had swept through and cleared his apartments. Going to his bed, he turned down the covers as best as he could, placing Sherlock between the sheets. Sherlock, who had been non responsive since being found in the hallway, seemed to sigh as John removed his heavy outer clothes and belt and then tucked the coverlet up to his chin. Smiling weakly at Sherlock's response, John let out an sharp exhale. Sherlock had come so close to being irreparably harmed. John quietly stood and exited the room to give an order to one of his men.
"Thank you dearest!" Danae kissed his cheek quickly before turning to admire her dress once again. As she turned, the package Sherlock had bought in.
"Well- it already seems quite- finished?" Sherlock hadn't intended to sound uncertain, but Danae didn't seem to notice.
Drawing the reins tight and shoving the King behind him, John had time to shout to his men before fire raced down his left arm and he went unconscious.
John pumped as Sherlock orgasmed, milking his cock until Sherlock nearly collapsed from the expense of energy.
Danae cried as silent as she could as the cane hit the underside of her feet. Welts were beginning to form as Sally delivered blow after punishing"en blow.
"Er- right. Thirty-five." Oddly, John was smiling at the correction; and Sherlock for the life of him couldn't figure out why.
King Lestrade viewed this insult as an act of war, and the city of Am-Jabad had been just another foothold for him among the Southern cities in the efforts to reach Moriarty.
"Once this business with Moriarty is settled, I could send out a runner to get in touch with him. Maybe you could-"
John snapped the reigns of Lestrade’s chariot as it led the army's procession through the gates of Am-Jabad. The city had fallen quickly once it’s Lord had fallen, not wishing to spend the blood of its sons against a vastly well-trained and successful army. John felt pride in his heart for his King and the men he fought beside. As Royal Surgeon and Physician, John was allowed an intimate look at his King that few saw, and what he saw was a man who wanted the return of his daughter.
Sherlock's blood froze in his tracks and he was barely able to deliver a stiff nod of obedience. After all the agonizing days since Lord Kamal had purchased him and John had appointed him First Wife, John had decided to take what was his. Sherlock knew it was his duty, and didn't wish to be known for having the shortest reign as First Wife in the history of Harem's but he wasn't ready. Most Ghian's purchased virgin Omega's with the intent of leaving the untouched until they went into Heat. A virgin Omega in Heat was prized as the most intoxicating experience for an Alpha.
When John woke to the warm Southern breeze and the faint smell of honey and incense he thought he had died a warrior's death and been rewarded by the Heavens. He groaned as he tried to stand, his legs shaking like a newborn colt before he had to sit once again.
"All will be well Majesty. This city doesn't seem to share the love for the Ghian that some of the others did. Mayhap someone will be willing to guide you along the merchant trails," John looked amongst the crowd for expressions of hostility among the people. Most looked hesitant and uncertain, yet they demonstrated respectful demeanors toward their conquerors.
John did his best to stop the wandering of his eyes. He had come to the Harem once the attendants had left, seeking Sherlock's council on matters of the house. Being led into the baths by one of the eunuchs was surprising until he realized that technically he was the only male now allowed entry into all its rooms.
Omegas go into Heat four times (once every 3 months) a year for 3-7 days depending on sex, age, health, and fertility.
Additional conclusion: He was only a pawn. There is another here who still plots against me; potentially even against John.
"Well, in the North, we value strength and functionality over the ability to count ribs and dance well," John returned. "Besides, we have a long day and might not be able to stop until supper. You should eat while you can."
The baths were drained and scoured clean next. Using a chemical that Sherlock had experimented with before being sold, the work went twice as fast to the joy of the workers. Within hours, the baths were rinsed and the pipes release flowing clear water back into the pristine chamber.
"Oi!" came a sharp voice from down the stretch of hall. The male above Sherlock quickly jumped up and took off down the hall.
The man was tossing his head in the throes of a feverish dream. Sherlock wrung a cloth from the nearby basin and laid it over the man’s forehead. The man instantly relaxed at Sherlock’s attentions, his nostrils flared and his head turned to smell the inside of Sherlock’s wrist. Sherlock flushed at the attention, but the man quickly succumbed to a deeper sleep, relaxing back into the cushions.
"We don't know what is going to happen, but a few of us overhead guards talking about the previous Harem's they've come across. Apparently, he's given the Harem to whoever he leaves in control. All of us have been trying to figure out who the king will choose. The Northerners are all so handsome.
While I haven't abandoned this story I am currently working on an Sword Art Online/Attack on Titan crossover. Harem was my first epic writing engagement and of course I want to finish! I apologize to everyone reading who will be reminded of this story that I started such a long time ago :0 and think that this is a new chapter. I am going to do better! This story will get an ending!
"Go to the others, I can finish." he commanded, quickly becoming used to his power. Normally, sally made sure he was the last to be attended to. Letting him prune and soak in lukewarm water as she never allowed the hot water to flow after she left the baths. She was always first to leave.
"So-," Irene took another drag from her cigarette before pursing her lips to expel the inhaled smoke. "Is your boyfriend coming to see your last show before you retire?"
"But there will be dancing, yes?" Danae grabbed Sherlock's hand and attempted to swing him wildly in a circle. Sherlock quickly extricated himself from her grip.
"I couldn't care what you do. Marry a soldier from the regiments if you like. But seek no support or shelter from me, regardless of who you marry." John stepped out of her grasp so she fell onto the floor.
