"C-Can you turn around?" Sherlock asked suddenly, his eyes still tightly closed in aroused concentration. "Want to taste you...please. Want…to have a part of you in me."
"Sherlock-" John broke off when Sherlock kissed him, urging his hand into a quick and hard stroking of his cock. His hips jumped into John's hands and he moaned desperately into John's mouth.
"No-one can do what you do," John muttered. "Never mind, Sherlock, let's just...sleep. I've told you what you need to know...if it makes you uncomfortable, you know what to do." With a weary groan, he rolled over smoothly, his back to the detective, with Sherlock's hand still resting on his vulnerable throat.
"Watson." Shaun looked surprised. "Wasn't expecting to see you here. Weren't you taking McMinn's shift today?"
Jason, a doctor in his early thirties who John had always disliked, thinking he was too smarmy and full of himself, cleared his throat pointedly as John made his way to the machine for a fresh coffee, though he suspected his nerves wouldn't be helped by the continued ingestion of caffeine.
"What're you on about?" He asked. "They're in the right place, Sherlock. They're fruit." He gave Sherlock an amused stare. "You didn't know that?"
"No – Sherlock! That's not needed." John tugged Sherlock back down and cuddled the agitated man to him. "All this about
He took a gasping, shaking breath and hurried to the door, uncharacteristically fumbling with his keys as John paid the cabbie, the noisy things jingling and rattling tellingly in his hands.
He didn’t know whether to smirk or wince, when Sherlock’s yells, swiftly rising in octave and frequency, became quite literally deafening, making his ears ring, and John had no doubt the walls were probably reverberating, and that Mrs. Hudson would kill them come morning.
There was a full minute of near- silence and non-combat, and John panted, drenched inside and out with adrenaline in the middle-eastern heat, shivering with anticipation. The kid next to him raised his head hesitantly above the sagging sandbags.
"Just looking to get off with something other than my own damn hand. Come on, Watson, how long's it been since someone helped you out?"
I try and set the scene for filth so it’s not just shoved in there (as it were) and end up with one and a half chapters of total randomness XD Ah well :D
Shaun chuckled, half-turning so John could see his red, swollen erection- which hadn't waned a bit at getting caught. John's eyes widened before snapping up to Shaun's face, his own cheeks flaming with colour.
"Mm," Sherlock murmured unconsciously, eyes now closed, and his bruise-painted face relaxed and open. He nudged his head affectionately against John's cheek, sighing.
It took John a few seconds to compute, and then he smiled foolishly as he unpicked the buttons of his maroon shirt, soon easing it from his shoulders, subtly angling himself in such a way to prevent Sherlock getting an eyeful of the raised, white-pink scar on his left side.
"And I would." He slid the toy at an unhurried, leisurely pace over Sherlock's cock and Sherlock's hips began to gently thrust upwards into the toy. "None of that." John reprimanded lightly. "If I were riding you, I would set the pace. Not you." Sherlock subsided, breath whooshing out shakily. "God...your cock would feel amazing inside me, Sherlock." John whispered, faking a moan and, even knowing it was fake, the sound of it made Sherlock's eyes slam closed and a stifled whimper ripped from his throat.
My lips purse at that, leaning back to consider his words carefully, "We are all products of those around us, especially while growing up. Mycroft..." here I pause, thinking of my wording in a way I normally don't, "...he protected me. I was a sensitive child, easily damaged from the cruelty of those around me. I was different and a target for bullying, adults and children alike. He gave me armour to survive without going insane."
My lower lip pouts more, full and glistening in the fire light, "Fuck me till I can't remember the horror that was a Christmas family get together?"
"How do you manage to be so lazy?" My attention is off my laptop by now, gazing down at John with a half quirky little grin, "I would have thought being a doctor and being a solder would mean you survive on almost no sleep and are up at dawn."
"Clever John." I gaze into his rather stern face, rolling my eyes, "Will not marrying you make you run away into the arms of some vapid woman?"
“He will, the ventilator was just a precaution. Because they weren’t sure what chemicals you were using.” I brush his cheek with my free hand.
I frown, as I’m showered with water as he gets up. “Hmmm.” The moment was apparently over. I switch off the jets and pull the plug to drain the water.
I try and sit up and reach for the gown to put it on, the room spinning though and making me feel sick once more.
“The explosion?” I look over his face with concern. Was he going to have even more memory loss with whatever that tea was drugged with. I hoped Mycroft’s team would be able to figure it out quickly. The nurse finishes taking his blood and I continue to stroke his hair.
My brow creases, staring into mid air a moment, "Of course I remember our shower. I thought you went off to work after it though. Where have you been all day?"
When he doesn’t answer me... again. I close the fridge and walk over behind where he is sitting at the table. I wrap my arms around his chest pulling him back against me. I nuzzle his neck. “Sherlock...”
“You got me all worked up in the bath. I thought you were going to jerk me off.” I breathe into his ear.
I'm shivering almost too much to move, my pale skin covered in goose pimples and my teeth chattering, attempting to pull back the blankets but fumbling them with numb fingers.
My whole being becomes centered on the stretch and burn, on John's clever fingers, making me moan in pure lust and delight.
My teeth nip into his skin before releasing, whispering huskily, "Do you have other thoughts regarding the use of my scarf?"
Shivering at his words so close, my hands slip, ruining the slide I'm working on before glancing back at him, quirking a brow, "Send me a text ten minutes before you leave the pub. I shall be naked on our bed when you return."
I spread my legs slightly, slipping down so John is pounding into me from higher, gasping loudly as he starts to punish my prostate at last, shivering and letting my hand drop away to grasp into the covers, "That's it. There. There."
John sighed, then nodded in reluctant acquiescence. Sherlock immediately swooped down again and started sucking deeply and wetly on John's cock, with remarkable skill considering his previously non-existent experience.
Sherlock suddenly jolted slightly, his overly- petulant pout having alerted him to the self-inflicted bite wound on his plump lower lip. Easing himself into a sitting position with an exaggerated groan, he pawed his knuckles across his mouth to find them faintly daubed with half-dried, flaking blood.
from Sherlock and pointing out the correct knife, closely supervising as Sherlock started slowly, methodically cutting away the inedible parts of the fruit to reveal the sweet, fleshy yellow within.
"I can wait," Sherlock murmured darkly, going back to wriggle against the cushions and analyse the photo.
The man jerked Sherlock to him, rolling him over onto his back, crashing his lips over Sherlock's and forcing his tongue into his mouth. Sherlock, now that he no longer had to pretend, since he knew he was dealing with a serial murderer, struggled for all he was worth.
Sherlock laughed uneasily, and cleared his throat. “If you don’t stop making noises, I’m going to come all over you. And I know for a fact that you don’t like having semen in your hair.”
John made a rather elaborate show of yanking up a handful of duvet and trying to pull it over himself, making a small noise of irritation when he felt resistance, and he tiredly pulled a few more times, before sighing in submission. "Don't know what you're doing but I'm cold. So, come on.”
Smiling happily at his sumptuous veggie breakfast (Sherlock frowned at the joyful look on John's face and determined to learn how to make a fry-up. Better than Molly's.), John cleared his throat. "Funny story, actually..."
"Call Donovan in on your way out." Lestrade said, scribbling for all he was worth. "And I'll be calling you later to check these facts."
Sherlock choked out a sharp cry, eyes slamming closed and spine arching. His cock pulsed, a trail of pre come spooling from the red slit. Worried John would stop and take his hand away, Sherlock hastily continued, licking his plump, cupid's-bow lips before speaking. His thighs and stomach quivered visibly as his dormant climax tortured his long-suffering muscles.
"...Still as strong as a bloody ox, I see," Sherlock huffed, laughing softly. “…You know...you're only in a towel. It's distracting me. You know what's in my Mind Palace right now? It's been infiltrated by cheap Ikea bath-wear. I can't see for hideously-appointed, fluffy fabric smothering something that shouldn't be hidden."
"This is the longest I've ever seen your hair. An inch or two longer and it'll be touching your shoulders."
“I wouldn’t mention it if I wasn’t offering,” Sherlock replied bluntly and voluminously from the front room. A violent exclamation soon followed.
"I know what you mean." John said, nuzzling against Shaun's neck. "I wanted...something exciting. Something I hadn't done before and what not a lot of people got to experience. Something thrilling."
"Not...it won't fit." John fiddled with the now damp sight. "Not unless you want stitches after." He quipped, smirking, and Shaun chuckled.
"You don't have to remedy anything!" John felt his breath quicken in his chest, all too cornered in his lax, post-orgasm state. "It's just me, it's in my head. Just trust me."
for the accurate moment to let off their naff fireworks! – Relish your cheap Champagne while you’re at it too, which I do
"My scalp is your receptacle for as long as you want it. Anyway, isn't it supposed to be good for your hair?"
, you're a...bloody...amazing..." John mumbled deliriously, reacting by roughly twiddling Sherlock's ebony tendrils around his index finger, and then pulling hard. He nosed towards the detective's mouth, following the tingly mint-breaths that were huffing against his face, and kissed him hard, moaning encouragingly.
," Sherlock gnawed on his bottom lip to prevent a chuckle. It tickled. "I thought you'd be more worried...about the photo I put up."
“No, John,” Sherlock huffed, discarding the cracker piece once he was done and glancing down at the ring, nudging it with his toe.
Sherlock let go in shock as John spurted surprisingly forcefully, accidentally dotting Sherlock's face with a few renegade drops of come, and soaking his hand with his creamy release.
"Anyway. Enough about the people lusting after me and my cock," John chuckled. "How's things with you?"
John's head jerked up as soon as Sherlock walked in and he paused in his pacing. They stared at each other across the expanse of the sitting room, silent and tense, before John squared his shoulders.
Beneath him, Sherlock was falling apart, rutting his own hips wildly through the air, cock slapping wetly against his stomach and huffing through his mouth a series of grunts and moans which made John dizzy to hear.
"That's fine. It's still fine." John had expected it to be over quickly- as most sexual things were with Sherlock- and he was already preparing what he would say to make him feel better after he came.
do that…” Sherlock groaned into the pillow, reaching to slap John’s hand away just when his penis oozed thickly. Lifting his head, Sherlock shivered and shifted, clamping down around John in a hot, vice-like throb while he, once again, adjusted his knee placement. “Don’t touch me for a…moment or two. I’m
Sighing, feeling alone and rather pathetic, Sherlock plucked up his phone and texted his ever-present landlady.
Sherlock shuddered beneath John, the pain from his injuries eclipsing any pleasure he thought he could have had. He didn't want John to know, though. He knew John would then feel badly, and that had to be avoided at all costs.
Shaun smirked, glancing at John. "Loads. Whenever we could. In all sorts of places. Had me on my knees once, fucked me almost raw. Was walking with a limp after that one, John, remember?" John glared at Shaun and he leered even more heavily. "Like you didn't enjoy it. We can have that again."
"I don't see any deficiencies." John replied, hands spanning the width of Sherlock's waist. "All I see is a bloody gorgeous man I'm fucking lucky to have. I don't know who's ever told you that you're ugly or deficient or whatever the hell you think...but they were dead wrong."
"My husband is dead, and there is no love lost there. If you want my advice on your relationships, I am happy to oblige. But you do not get to criticise mine."
"He'd probably love that," Jason responded snarkily, heralding another scarcely repressed wave of giggles.
Sherlock sat back slightly, preventing this action from coming to any kind of satisfactory fruition, his own arms and thighs trembling visibly, and looked down at his doctor, enraptured. John was desperate, his shaft dark and wet and painfully engorged, his thighs twitching jerkily either side of Sherlock’s waist.
Sherlock had got nothing done by the time John returned, and was just dreamily reclining on the bed. With endorphin-pumped delight, he twisted his still-flushed face to his doctor, cleared his hoarse, overworked throat, and offered his most endearing, grey-green puppy eyes.
"Knew you'd want to be praised." John snorted. "You were great. Amazing. Bloody fantastic. Can't remember the last time I came so hard and all from you fucking me." He gave Sherlock a cheeky smile. "That enough?"
John felt Sherlock's eyes on him as he leaned across and rummaged through some drawing pins, cigarettes (damn it, Sherlock) and a few damaged seashells. Finding the sticky bottle, he glanced at the blurb on the back, seeing the best before date and frowning.
John hesitated, and then flinched as a cheeky, bold hand snaked under the table and fondled his crotch possessively. He scooted away, his face forbidding even as his cock twitched. "Look, we need to talk."
He lowered his head, nosing his way past the zipper and rubbing his face against John's covered cock.
John’s grin widened as he continued to speak to his flatmate. “Since you’re incapacitated, I’m going to talk at you for a bit, is that okay?”
Huffing, Sherlock rolled over, putting as much belligerence as he could into the movement, but freezing when his eyes fell to the object John held in his hands.
Things had been going so well, he thought despairingly. Their relationship had been trundling along at a nicely normal pace. John had been happy. Sherlock had been happy. Their sex life had been satisfactory for all parties involved. And now…
"Oh my god." John whispered, the idea of Sherlock fucking himself on some as-yet-unseen toy making him thicken even more in unwanted arousal. He was at work for fucks sake! He was seeing his first patient in less than thirty minutes and here he was, half-hard in his trousers, listening to his irritating, insufferable boyfriend fuck himself on the phone and beg him to help him get off.
Sherlock bit his lip at the brutal connotation, feeling as if he were going to hyperventilate and add to the list of deaths in the history of this god-awful hotel. "Yes." He said breathlessly, fingers knotting themselves in the cheap, stained sheets as John crawled down his body, hands trailing down Sherlock's sides, skimming over his skin. Sherlock's cock jerked against his stomach, a small puddle of pre-come forming on his concave belly. His legs jittered to either side of John. He felt spread out. Exposed. Even more so when John coaxed Sherlock's legs up, raising them and baring his arse to John's perusal.
Steeling himself, taking a deep breath and trying to will his blush away, Sherlock nipped into his own room for clean clothes, feeling as if he were donning his own personal suit of armour as he finished buttoning the stiff shirt and adjusted his cuffs.
"You told me to meet you here, and here I am," said the consulting detective absently, flickering his eyes briefly to John before setting them back onto the DI with a new kind of intensity.
"I..." John sighed, taking his hand away from Sherlock's cock and breathing deeply. "I was going to say...it was in the cookie...that I um...That... That I love you."
John huffed with fond laughter. That had been one of his earliest lessons in ‘How Not To Be Spectacularly Ignorant.’
"...We still have loads of that glitter left, you know," Sherlock commented airily. "You'd look good in it. It'd offset the dog-tags nicely," he huffed with soft laughter.
Sherlock took John at his word and grinned, pleased that he'd pleased John and quickly kissed him before pulling away and vaulting from the bed. "Ok. Great. We got off. Now we need to shower and get ready. If your libido makes us late, John..." Sherlock threatened over his shoulder as he dashed from the room naked.
Sherlock tutted. “Ever since you turned up my Mind Palace has been slowly infiltrated with all sorts of sexual innuendo and coital rubbish. It’s more of a Mind Phallus now.”
Closing his eyes luxuriously, Sherlock allowed his head to fall back, and he sighed in pure pleasure, hands rummaging gratefully into John's damp hair. He allowed himself to get lost in the sensation of an arousal that was deep, and intense, but nowhere near threatening to send him over the edge yet, something he had been dreading.
Sherlock couldn't stop his grin as he made his way through the crowd to the loos. Casting a disparaging eye over the urinals, he sequestered himself in one of the stalls.
"Yeah…they had some delivery problems, I don't know. Tomorrow, it should be here," John smiled, before getting off of his painful kneeling position on the floor by the sofa and straddling Sherlock's waist with a groan of relief as his joints eased and the detective protectively took hold of his hips, looking up at him with an odd expression.
It was the only way Mycroft could find him and now, when he was bound and in trouble, Sherlock was realizing just how fool-hardy his plan had been. He should have taken more precautions.
Sherlock's hips thrust up, his cock gliding through John's hand, and he desperately bit his lip as he tipped over the edge into orgasm. Distantly, he was aware of the stab of pain as his teeth nipped viciously through the thin skin of his lip, blood welling from the cut into his mouth, but only vaguely. Sherlock was flying on a wave of sensation, his cock pulsing out hot come all over John's hand, staining the front of his pyjamas, and dripping down onto his own skin. Sherlock failed to repress a short, violent series of choked groans, his hand seizing the familiar, soft anchor of the old leather on the top of the sofa and clenching it helplessly, every convulsive aftershock of his orgasm deliciously punching through his muscles and nerves.
"Come on sweetheart, I want you to come," John demanded, biting at the back of Sherlock's neck like a rutting lion, speeding up as forcefully as he could, wet fingers a blur and forearm aching with effort.
John paused in his frenetic energy, slumping. "Yes. He was." He agreed, edging closer to Sherlock and taking his hand. "I wouldn't have let him, though. I was right outside."
“Just…window shopping?” John uttered after ten seconds, a slight croak in his voice. He obligingly, impatiently adjusted his hips to accommodate his burgeoning erection against body-heated, musky bedclothes.
Sherlock sniggered with an effort of breathlessness, giving a faint cough as he snuggled John without shame. "As if I'd ever be anywhere else. Could you imagine?" he asked, before snaking a sweaty hand down to John's free one, squeezing it.
He sucked hard on Sherlock's cock, hollowing his cheeks and taking him in as far as he could. Sherlock was hard, fluid beading from his tip, and as he ceaselessly worked his prostate, John knew it would hardly be a minute before Sherlock was coming.
." He heard John sigh as he pressed two fingers into Sherlock's slick, dilated hole. Sherlock moaned, pushing back into the contact, wanting more, urging John deeper. "You're still so
Sherlock nodded, inhaling shakily. "I know that but…Imagination is a burden. I can delete most of the details, but some fragments remain," He mumbled, frowning and snuggling even closer to his doctor so not a centimetre separated them. "I don't want you to mention them and I don't want to have to think about them again. Ever."
Sherlock’s smugness was almost palpable as it radiated from him, “Do you want me to just…hold you?” He asked lowly.
"I thought you were the one who was supposed to be talking," John murmured, closing his eyes and leaning his head back with a luxurious sigh, the bedclothes moving in such a way that clearly demonstrated that he was thrusting his finger quite vigorously inside himself now.
," John hissed, suckling mindlessly at the base of his lover's neck, relishing the tickle of soft, damp, near-black curls against his face. He nudged a shaky hand from Sherlock's heaving, blood-hot ribcage to his cock, which bobbed happily, as if glad to see him.
"What...yeah. Yeah, of course. I wouldn't..." He shook his head, looking bemused. "Wait...does that mean...?
"What? Really?" John looked up again, marvelling at the architecture. "That's amazing. Not surprised, I guess. Don't tell me - some of the royal family’s stayed here at some point."
on, John…you said you loved me?” Sherlock abruptly propped himself up on his elbow, looming over the doctor, an impressive scowl on his face.
He was silent for a few seconds, before his throat bobbed a few times. "...Sex?" His voice was shaking and he tried again. "You mean...you want to try sex with me?" At the very suggestion, his heart had picked up pace, speeding ahead and leaving him lightheaded. He wanted John on top, Sherlock decided. He wanted to be pressed down and
He was wondering if Sherlock were going to stroke him to completion under the table and make him come in his jeans and wondering if he would care...When Sherlock stood and leaned down to murmur in John's ear. "Meet me in the loos."
"Mmhmmm." Shaun moaned, cracking open an eye. "Don't spoil it by being a cunt, Watson. Let me float a while."
The detective fixed him with his most searching gaze, practically making John itch with the intensity of it.
"Physical stimulus is in no way indicative of my attractiveness-" Sherlock began but John cut him off again.
Sherlock shivered at the implications in John’s voice, his mind boggled by the choices open to him. Anything. “Anything? What’s anything?”
"For what?" John placed his hand over Sherlock's and gave it a squeeze. "None of this is your fault." He tugged at Sherlock's hand until he rose up on his knees and let John kiss him. Sherlock sighed into the kiss, but pulled back prematurely.
"What do you think I was implying, John?" Sherlock asked with interest, a cheeky smile lighting up his face.
"'Your place or mine?' Granted, you didn't take him up on it. But it's entirely unwarranted for Graham to try and bed you just because we're having...marital problems," Sherlock muttered.
"Yes- please-" Sherlock wheezed, body convulsing on the bed with a shiver. "Just- John...something." John grinned and slid his finger into Sherlock's loose, semen-filled hole, searching for his prostate.
"Just let yourself go," he whispered, thumbs rubbing at Sherlock's shoulders, feeling the skin prickle with gooseflesh. "I'll be right here. I promise."
Sherlock seemed both anxious and extremely shy, but then he blanked his face, as best he could, and swallowed, “If that’s the best way?”
"Janet? Yeah, it's John...No, no, I'm fine- I'm just calling to...no, not cancel our date, actually...I'm calling to end things."
"Your turn." John tossed the soiled towel to the side and gave Sherlock a mischievous look as the 'sex song' began playing again.
John let him fuck his face for a few seconds before pulling away, letting saliva pool in his mouth, slathering Sherlock's cock with it. It dripped down his testicles and John, as he stood, pulled his own trousers and pants down completely. "Ok. Do it. Do it now." He ordered, turning around and bracing himself against a shelf, knocking the contents to the floor.
"Sshh." John squeezed Sherlock's hand reassuringly, his finger going still, fully seated inside Sherlock's body. "You're not going to come. Just relax, love. You'll be fine."
"No one eats them," John announced quietly, huffing with unexpected laughter as Sherlock fiddled with the small bit of paper with his long, dextrous fingertips, which in this instance, were apparently failing him.
Sherlock took a shuttering breath, clutching closer to the beast and curling up beside him, placing his head on his chest and whispering the words he had been waiting to utter his whole life, the life he had spent dreaming of a happily ever after that would never come: “I love you, John.”
There it was, the affection John wished to hear endlessly. The often overused phrase that would never lose its meaning between them, who had fought to express the words with so much ardor, for so many years.
“Solve me a crime, Sherlock Holmes,” John whispered after a final peck, patting Sherlock’s arse firmly once more and smirking at his moan, the slight movement having pushed the plug against his sensitive prostate.
But here, in the comfort of his home, with his chest opened for John to see, he is the slightly overgrown teenager in regards to intimacy.
Watching Sherlock pass out from pleasure completely undid John’s control, and with another thrust, he cried out, “
The next morning, Sherlock woke up slowly, yawning from the unusually restful sleep. He was lying on his stomach, and he felt warmth all over, specifically coming from his well-used, slightly aching bum.
When the two men arrived at Baker Street, John paid the cabbie and grabbed Sherlock’s hand, guiding him into their home, up the steps and into the living room.
At the same time as Sherlock was redressing, John reached down to grab his trousers from the floor, and he noticed a small black box resting beneath Sherlock’s bed.
Sherlock jumped from the bed in a flurry, throwing on his dressing gown and throwing open the door, beginning his trek to the West Wing.
John reached forward to grab his delicate hand, and led him out of the darkened hallway at Leinster Gardens, smiling as the rare London sun blanketed their forms as they walked out to hail a cab.
“Tea?” John sighed after a moment, and the dark-haired man across from him nodded with a closed expression on his softly lined face.
Sherlock gulped in fear at the idea, and ignored the arousal pooling in his belly. John smiled knowingly, as if he could sense Sherlock’s contradicting feelings of pleasure and embarrassment, and finally allowed him to collapse into John.
Sherlock’s ability to hone in on the case, and only the case, was a marvel, but when it came to the safety of himself and his transport, he was a lacking.
Sherlock shook his head, prying his thoughts away from John’s admirable qualities to focus on the experiment at hand. So, if John was not an option, then perhaps Sherlock should find another way to slowly begin his sexuality experiment to put off going to a stranger, at least for a little while until he had worked up his courage.
Sherlock hummed, his eyes half closed in pleasure, and John realized that Sherlock was rubbing against his leg.
,” Sherlock cried as he tried to lower his hips to the bed to receive some friction against his aching member, but John held his hips fast, keeping his arse in the air for John’s gaze and his own private pleasure, leaning back quickly to tear the green panties from his body, mourning their loss for a moment before focusing on his young lover's body once more.
Finally, Sherlock released a final shaking breath, relaxing back onto the bed and gazing up at John with bashful eyes, and blushing cheeks, biting the side of his plump lip in self-consciousness, feeling more exposed than he had remembered ever being before, the pulsing length inside of him, filling him, laying him out for John to see every last inch of him. To know him, in every way.
She could already see how good they would be for one another. Sherlock was shy and kind, with love overflowing to offer in his eyes. If John could win his respect, and friendship, it would not be out of the question for the sensitive young man to fall for the beast.
"I am not trying to 'woo' him Mrs. Hudson" He growled lowly in warning, looking back to her with a glare, but Mrs. Hudson only arched her eyebrow and John blushed beneath his fur looked down to twiddle his claws.
Sherlock rushed up the stairs, careful to be quiet as he tiptoed down the corridor that became darker the father he explored. He suddenly wished he had brought a candle for light, but he would not turn back now. He opened the large oaken door at the end of the hall and, creeping forward, he found slashed portraits on the wall, one of a family of royals, and one of a young man.
“Come with me, I’ll take you to the room you’ll be staying in” the beast instructed, and Sherlock looked over with a confused expression.
John watched his lover squirm, trying to get comfortable to no avail, before sitting down himself. His eyes were sparkling like mad as he poured them both a glass of wine and lifted up his glass in a toast.
Giving a shaky breathe and a nod, Sherlock began to trace her fingers up John's pajama pants and up the front of her t-shirt covered torso, frowning at her inability to see barely any of John's skin.
“What, darling? What do you need?” John asked between light kisses, the keening in Sherlock’s voice just as sweet as the melodious notes from his violin only moments before.
Sherlock continued to lick and suck sloppily, until John came with a low groan, calling Sherlock name as Sherlock swallowed around his cock, mouthing at him through his orgasm and swallowing his cum, not a single drop escaping when Sherlock let off with a dirty ‘pop,’ licking his lips in satisfaction.
"Shh, no need to be nervous, love," John calmed, recognizing the closed off look on Sherlock's face as a coping mechanism, "I won't hurt you. Well, unless you ask me to" she teased with a wink, and Sherlock rolled her eyes at John's horrid innuendo, loosening her muscles at relaxing more onto the bed. It was John, John would never hurt her.
John gently fit the gag in his mouth, tightening the strap around his head and curls before he sat back, gazing at his handiwork with a downright gleeful expression that did not befit a man who had just tied up and gagged his boyfriend into submission.
“I-I want you, to be in control,” Sherlock whispered, “I want you romantically and sexually, I know that,” Sherlock continued, and John leapt at the chance to talk about the sexual part of their relationship in the discussion.
“What are you doing sleeping at the windowsill? You’ll catch your death, young lady,” she snapped, bustling around the bedchambers to get to Sherlock’s wardrobe.
The mood in the sunlight bedroom shifted to something sweeter, more delicate, and Sherlock looked away from John, the intensity of his gaze and his own nerves giving him pause.
Grabbing his hand, John pulled Sherlock back to the main road and hailed a cab, watching the detective fidget as the plug drove him to distraction. John’s lips twitched as he saw Sherlock pull his coat tighter to cover his arousal.
Sherlock then pulled John forward; holding him as he gently laid him on the ground of the balcony, taking off his cloak to create a makeshift pillow for John’s head.
What if John laughed at the lean, lanky detective in women’s undergarments? Or worse, was disgusted?
“Well, what do you suggest?” Sherlock sassed, his tone belayed by his embarrassing predicament, and John quickly smacked his right cheek in warning, watching with glee as it bloomed with his handprint.
“Should I-“ Sherlock gestured with a free hand, and John nodded; watching as Sherlock gently moved back on the bed and laid himself down, baring his backside to the room. He was covered in goosebumps, even on his bum, and John bit back a chuckle.
At this, John nodded formally to Sherlock and the princess found her heart rate steadily rising once again.
“Don’t muffle yourself, sweetheart, let me hear you. The moans you make are so adorable,” he said with a smirk in his voice, and Sherlock blushed as his heart skipped a beat at being called endearments, equal parts mortified and pleased.
Sighing, he lifted his head, “I need answers Mrs. Hudson. I had a dream, I was running and then sinking and then a man, with golden hair and blue eyes and a strong chest and arms, he pulled me to safety” he relayed in a perplexed tone, talking at a rapid pace and standing to pace around agitatedly.
“You’re needed in the council chambers, per the his majesty’s command,” she continued, reaching deep into the chest and pulling out- oh, god, no- a pink taffeta gown that had been a “gift” from Mycroft on her 18
Inside the tavern, Siger had given Moriarty a brilliant plan, and Moriarty was already plotting his next scheme.
“No, go into town, to the tavern, and try to find Mycroft. I will send word as soon as I can,” Sherlock announced, his father following him to the stables.
“Is that so?” John challenged, his eyebrow shooting up into his silver-blonde hair as he passed another glance down at the young man sitting on the bed, his manner unsure and nervous as a child, his legs and arms bare, his dignity barely covered.
John smirked, “Oh, so that’s how it is? My little cocksucker is desperate to get off? I bet you could just from this, sucking me and rubbing against me, your little hole plugged up and sensitive.” Sherlock moaned around John’s cock as he began to rock harder, and John’s balls began to tighten at the sight. He clenched Sherlock’s hair tighter in a sign of possessiveness.
John surveys his detective for a moment before answering carefully, “because it is true, you’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever known,” John replied easily, taking a sip of wine to cover his delight at his new favorite expression donning Sherlock’s face- shy delight in the form of a soft blush on his cheekbones and the slight hitching of his breath.
Despite seeming a bit posh and young for John to be flatmates with, he agreed to move in when he realized that the young man was a certified genius on their first case together, causing  John’s weary heart to race with adrenaline he thought he had left behind in the desert.
“Hush John, I’m thinking. Now, it wasn’t just any man who gave these to you, it was someone who obviously cares about you. Who would go to the trouble of finding lilacs in January otherwise? So, not just anyone, but someone special, someone who views you as serious, equates you with nighttime and perhaps danger, but also sweetness, going with the baby’s breathe. Flowers are so indicative of sentiment, they are simple to-“
John wanted to hold onto this strange, vulnerable man sitting in his chair. This ridiculous man who insisted on wearing his
John allowed him to observe him for a moment, standing with his back straight and utterly self conscious, his ego somewhat boosted by Sherlock’s widening eyes, his pouting mouth dropping open into an “o’ of desire.
He fought down his slight arousal, biting his lips slightly. These panties may prove to be a tease for Sherlock as well.
It accentuated his already prominent cheeks, parting it sweetly with a small pink ribbon that only just hid the entrance beneath, a small bow settled beneath his lower back at the very top of the thong back.
Tugging lightly at the string hanging between Sherlock’s opened cheeks, John closed his eyes to savor the sweet moans coming from his beautiful detective.
, John thought with annoyance and, if he is being honest, a hint of jealousy. John missed Rosie and her delighted smile, from what he can remember, she was the last person to smile at him, over seven years ago now.
“Such a good boy, Sherlock,” John bit out after a moment of catching his breath, tucking himself back in and looking effortlessly unruffled in his dress uniform.
John spanked him again and Sherlock smiled secretly to himself as he laid his head against the bed to hide his blushing cheeks and devious smile; after all, he finally earned John's attention.
John gave a contented sigh, and wondered if he could become any happier than he was in that moment. He severely doubted it.
“I will not,” Sherlock retorted, staring at the beast and feeling triumph at seeing the flicker of confusion run through the beast’s human-like eyes.
“I can’t help wanting to learn. You’re brilliant.” John said, and while the words were in no way new, the soft, intimate inflection was entirely untried.
John glanced up, still bent over, and gave Sherlock a tiny wink. Sherlock gasped inaudibly and felt her cheeks pinking at the attention from the female soldier.
“Sherlock, a package is here for you,” John called from the living room a few days later, having just come home from his day at the surgery. Sherlock threw open his bedroom door with a slam and raced forward, grabbing the box in John’s hands and tripping slightly in his rush, his cheeks rosy as he looked at the box John had been holding, knowing their contents and feeling quite excited.
as he cautiously moved forward on the stone pathway leading to the castle, his boots crunching the untouched fallen snow.
“What, but why?” Sherlock queried, nonplussed towards John’s odd request for a moment before realization dawned on him.
John took a piece of ice into his mouth, and with a glint in his blue eyes, leaned down and held Sherlock’s cheeks open, blowing a chilled breath directly onto Sherlock’s hole, watching as the mixture of the ice and the heat from his mouth created steam against Sherlock’s sensitive opening.
“Well, he is not as cold as the rumors would have you believe. He is a fair king; ruthless when instructing battle plans, but not overly ambitious and unrealistic when it comes to supplies and casualties. He is a regal man, he walks into a room and it falls silent without him uttering a single word. I enjoy working under him,” Lestrade voiced, using an oddly soft tone for him. John was silent for a beat, and Lestrade groaned when he saw John smirking at him from the corner of his eye.
“Seriously,” John giggled as the two men made their way back home, “the man who sprinkled you with glitter and called you a ‘sparkling posh boy’ was the best part of the day.”
Without a word, John turned and went back out into the sitting room. Sherlock sat on the bed in confusion. Did John not like the outfit? Sherlock dismissed that hastily formed conclusion immediately, having seen John’s pupils dilate and the badly hidden half-erection in his work trousers.
She was building speed, and as she continued her cheeks flushed with anger until she was standing two feet away from John; John stood her ground and her gaze did not waver from the furious princess. Do not back down, do not show weakness.
Sherlock rolled her eyes but, remembering her promise to Mrs. Hudson, obligingly went over to pick a gown.
He began fucking Sherlock with abandon in the living room, holding him up as Sherlock wrapped his long legs around John’s lower back and moaned, scrabbling to hold onto his shoulders and digging his fingers in and John lifted him up and down, using his body to achieve his own pleasure. Delirious with it.
“John!” Sherlock cried, squirming to escape the gentle hold as he was completely impaled on eleven inches of John’s warm, throbbing member, but John only smirked at him.
“You know you deserve this Sherlock,” John stated calmly, still rhythmically swinging his right arm down onto Sherlock’s plump arse, watching in wicked amusement as the cheeks jiggled and jumped with each movement.
” in unison, standing in front of the staircase as if to block it from Sherlock’s six-foot frame. Sherlock arched a graceful eyebrow at them, glancing back up the winding steps with even more interest than before.
He appeared to be in his thirties, with a face lined in a distinguished fashion, his hair was short and swept to the side, and his clothes, which were once befitting the beast, now hung off of him loosely as he was muscled but not immense. He appeared quite ordinary, and yet familiar, but Sherlock’s emotionally wrung brain could not deduce the meaning behind the man.
She reached out to stroke both of their cheeks, smiling at them both fondly, before turning and closing the door with a final reminder, “ten minutes, I want to see you both in the dining room.”
“I’m very happy with John, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock sighed at being forced into banal conversation, but knowing he wanted to express his feelings about John, “he has saved me. So many times, and in so many ways. I can’t imagine my life without his constant nagging anymore,” Sherlock finished, trying to diminish the sentimental drivel that he had just spewed, but it was too late.
“Stay here Philip” Siger ordered absentmindedly, moving past the small opening in the gate and ignoring Philip’s distressed
“It is a mess, isn’t it?” Moran declared, picking up a candelabra on the way and lighting it’s candles with his torch.
After a few more teasing licks just inside of Sherlock’s rosebud, John knelt back to take in the work he had accomplished, smirking as he watched the empty entrance opening and closing, searching for something to fill the now empty and just barely stretched muscle.
"I won't darling, but no more before dinner," John chuckled, watching the soon to be five year old giggle in delight and continue to munch on her cookies with a determination only children possess.
“You’re my naughty little boy, aren't you Sherlock?” John continued in a conversationalist manner, continuing to pace around Sherlock and refusing to touch him, despite the green-blue eyes that were following his every movement, fluttering at his words.
And in the dark of night, when John was locked away in his room only a floor away from the resident detective, he allowed himself to think about
“Look at you, you just needed a spanking on your bare bum and a cry, didn’t you love?” John smirked, watching as Sherlock’s cheeks flushed deeper as he moaned in mortification as John’s words registered in his brilliant mind, and he tried to hide his face in John’s military collar.
"This is a turn up, isn't it, Sherlock? My brilliant boy, I love when I am able to trick you. And I do so love to see you....
“Ah,” John chuckled softly, ignoring Sherlock’s sharpened gaze, “so you’re not going to throw me out, have me beheaded? I thought you would hate to have a bodyguard or a keeper. I had expected-“
Sherlock tried to hold himself still, but quickly lost his internal battle when John quickly singled out his prostate and began thrusting against it with each pass of his finger in and out, the rubber an insufferably barrier between Sherlock’s skin and John’s, the impersonal finger moving in and out, finally driving Sherlock to need more, faster, harder-
Smirking down at the picture for a moment, he set it as his screen background, knowing no one would see it but himself as it was passcode protected.
“No, John, we can fight them off,” Mrs. Hudson declared desperately, but John did not respond, he simply stared out the window into the cold spring night, with whispers of flurries falling from the gloomy sky as if foreshadowing the coming events.
“Yes John, I am beautiful, I am kind, and I saved you,” he said, looking away from John, but John unlaced their fingers and brought one hand up, tilting Sherlock’s chin to look at him, Sherlock’s eyes hazy with pleasure but echoing the same sweetness John knew he was reflecting.
John,” Sherlock sighed as he entered his love slowly, the color high on his cheeks as John clenched around him, getting used to the new sensation.
Sherlock smiled at John’s obvious happiness with the purchase, “I bought some more lingerie as well, just… Just in case you liked these.”
Squinting his eyes in confusion at the odd object underneath the otherwise empty space, John forgot about his trousers and lifted up the box and flipped it open, despite his internal warning that it could contain any number of gruesome experiments inside.
John nodded back with a twinkle in her blue eyes: “Then follow my lead.” With that, John stepped forward and scooped Sherlock into her arms, ignoring the princess’ startled yelp, and began to walk towards the side entrance of the ballroom.
Sherlock nodded and walked over to the dressing room, pulling back the lavish curtain and staring at himself in the mirror. Looking down, he pulled up the softest fabric he had ever felt; it was dripping through his hands like water, and it felt glorious against the soft skin of his hand. The color was ebony, the color as dark as it could possibly be and was striking against Sherlock’s skin
The beast winced, and Sherlock hoped he hadn’t ruined their night by reminding them both of that particular fiasco, caused by his curious tendencies and John's anger issues.
They ordered their food shortly thereafter, and once the waiter had left their cozy table, John stared a Sherlock, watching his often severe features become softened in the candlelight and the streetlights outside on the busy road. Sherlock broke their gaze, turning his iridescent eyes outside to peer at the street, perhaps searching for a case to distract him from the heavy atmosphere surrounding their table. John coughed lightly to get Sherlock’s attention.
Shaking off his thoughts momentarily, John poured the steeped Earl Grey into the two mugs, adding sugar
Sherlock shook his head, not wanting to engage the oftentimes off-putting man, but Moriarty was not to be persuaded. He slithered up to Sherlock's side and slid a questing hand around his waist, ignoring Sherlock's flinch of discomfort at the intimate action.
Mrs. Hudson nodded, “and after all this, the master has finally learned to love…. But it wasn’t enough, because Sherlock may not love him back. The rose has maybe days left, we’ve lost our chance.”
The only sound echoing in the room was their harsh breathing, their hearts pounding together, John’s body plastered against Sherlock back as they came down from their highs.
he cut off that train of thought viciously. It wasn’t possible. Not after the incident in his chambers, he had proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was nothing but a beast.
Occasionally, John wished he could go back to their first night at Angelo’s. He wished he could pry more into why girlfriends
Sherlock adjusted the lacy strap on the ridiculous garment, feeling equal parts foolish and seductive. At least, she hoped.
Sherlock began writhing anew at this, is hips thrusting in the cool air and his eyes fluttering in overwhelming pleasure, his cock leaking continuously now, a waterfall of wetness down his straining manhood.
As Sherlock continued to study the men and women in the ornate room, his gaze settling back on the magnificent greek god, he began to feel a tingling feeling running down his back and a swirling in his abdomen, a pulsation. He waited for it to disperse, but it only grew, a delicious ache. For a moment, he feared he was going to be ill, his stomach churning, but he realized mere moments later when he glanced down at the slight indentation at the front of his trousers that he was not ill, although the sensations were admittedly new.
John cut him off with a soft nip to his ear in warning, “not your brain, although it is dizzyingly distracting in its own right, no Sherlock, I want to hear about the qualities you don’t admit are there,” he punctuated by lying down and rubbing his abs against Sherlock hard, leaking cock, causing a gasp to break free, “the qualities are obvious for anyone who knows and loves you,” John coaxed, and Sherlock nodded breathlessly.
After an indiscernible amount of time had passed in perfect loveliness, the music and dancing came to a natural end and, without saying anything, Sherlock and John slowly walked outside to the balcony overlooking the gardens, and ignoring the titters coming from Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade in the ballroom.
,” John whispered, his voice sounding agonized, and Sherlock’s cheeks blushed in humiliation at John seeing him like this, holed up in a filthy hallway, pitying him in any way, but he was unable to control his heaving chest and hiccuping cries.
Sherlock sat gingerly on the floor, wrapping his long legs underneath him as Mrs. Hudson pointed to the glass of water on the nightstand. Sherlock obediently drank the liquid, feeling much better as he was getting dehydrated.
On his way home, Sherlock was biting his lip anxiously, unknowing how he was going to hide the purchases from John. And what if the army doctor didn’t like them? What if he thought Sherlock looked ridiculous?
Siger smiled gently to himself, looking to his endlessly caring son. Coming home, when he obviously did not want to leave the beast, for whatever reason, to save his papa, “you are not going to marry Moriarty, my boy. It is out of the question-“ Siger raised a hand against Sherlock’s protests- “like I’ve said before, I have lived my life. It is time you live yours.”
Sherlock marveled at the feeling of complete closeness, skin to skin without clothes acting as barriers between them, and yet there was nothing sexual about that moment, and yet, somehow, it was the most vulnerable he had ever felt. Being touched without any intent, just because John wanted him close, proved to the last guarded part of Sherlock’s heart that this love was one meant to last, and his last wall fell away with a crumble, Sherlock’s lips beginning to tremble.
“I do have a black tie outfit, Sherlock,” John cleared this throat, an unreadable expression donning on his face, “My dress uniform. I wear it to every wedding and formal event. Or…. Or is that not good enough?”
Mycroft was disbelieving of his story, saying that the brain fever had caused illusions, but he too was searching for what had happened to Sherlock, as he had been missing for almost three days.
Sherlock almost dropped the mirror, dropping into a nearby chair: “Oh, oh God my father! I can’t let him go to that horrid place” Sherlock took a deep breath, trying to stave off his panic while John looked on with a saddened expression, staring at the rose which was almost completely wilted.
Sherlock blushed and glanced away for a moment, but the sheer genuineness in John’s voice could not be ignored. Sherlock glanced up, feeling his lips quirking in pleasure as he took in the handsomeness of one John Watson in uniform.
Sherlock continued to suckled at John’s cockhead lazily while the two men came down from their pleasure high. John removed his hand that was still resting on Sherlock’s curly head and helped the man to his feet.
“Sherlock,” the aforementioned doctor called into the flat, and Sherlock quickly threw on his red silk dressing gown, belting it just in time before John pushed open his-now their-bedroom door.
As she sifted through the ridiculous gowns, deeming the red one acceptable, Mrs. Hudson continued nattering on, “also, dear, you’re to have a personal bodyguard. I was just told that they are coming soon and will be stationed with you at all times to protect you from any potential invaders.”
Sherlock was observing him now, and seeing John’s dilated pupils as he stared at Sherlock, he felt heat licking up his neck and face once again and he quickly went back to drinking his tea.
“Good lord! So you’re not to be my bodyguard, you’re to be my babysitter!” Sherlock exclaimed, sitting up with a burst and sending water careening all over the floor.
Sherlock laid in confusion for a moment at the odd position, before understanding flooded his features and his heart dropped like a stone into his stomach.
Moriarty watched Sherlock like a hawk, his eyes darting up and down his body in silence until he deemed himself satisfied, "all right, lovely, have it your way. I'll be seeing you, Sherlock" he purred lecherously, and then turned and disappeared into the daily crowd.
Since the night of sharing John's bed, they migrated back and forth between the two bedrooms. Tonight, they were sharing Sherlock's bed.
Sherlock gazed at the small pile in front of him, taking in the lace and silk panties with interest before his eye caught on a silky pink and white pair that seemed too small.
Darting away before he could hear Lestrade’s indignant reply, Sherlock was racing down the stairs with John at his heels. The two men split up briefly with nods of understanding, going in opposite directions around the massive building, but by the time they met up on the other side, the murder was nowhere to be seen.
Sherlock merely grumbled, standing up and stretching her thin arms above her head, cracking her back in the process and released a satisfied sigh. Mrs. Hudson clicked her tongue at Sherlock’s unladylike mannerisms once more before continuing to search through her many (many) gowns.
The two stopped and just looked at one another, lost in the moment, before the beast cleared his throat.
"Shh, Sherlock, let go for me, love." John panted, grasping Sherlock's erection tighter in his grip and gazing down at the flustered man beneath him, "there, right there, that's brilliant" John sighed as the dexterous fingers stroked teasingly up his shaft, Sherlock's other hand gently rubbing his perineum to tease his prostate, putting just enough pressure to hint at the pending orgasm but not enough to send John over the edge. John growled playfully at the younger man and bit his earlobe lightly in retribution, earning him a breathy laugh from the teasing dark-haired man.
John reached over, grabbing the lubricant from the nightstand and dribbling it over Sherlock’s rapidly hardening cock while continuing to kiss him, Sherlock nipping his teeth in punishment while he shivered from the cold lube hitting his sensitive manhood.
on a-“ Sherlock was cut off when John flipped him up and around, capturing his lips in a kiss, and silencing his protestations.
Panic was rising, flooding in her chest as she tried to calm the panic from the dream of the war, clenching her fists rhythmically.
“Lestrade, what have you got for me,” Sherlock queried in his usual haughty tone, and John had to choke off a laugh remembering Sherlock's high whines and begging cries the night before. He wasn’t so high and mighty then.
“Shh, everything will be alright, you’ll see,” Sherlock whispered, petting John’s fur on the arm that was still stroking his face, and tilting his head in to nuzzle into John’s paw as he had done only days before.
“We’re having porridge this morning,” she announced, and Sherlock made a face, which cause the beast to chuckle. Sherlock smiled over at him, and grabbed spoon, poking at the porridge with a disgusted expression.
“Stop thinking, Sherlock.” John said in his normal tone, as if he was asking Sherlock if he wanted a cup of tea, and Sherlock’s mind whirled in confusion.
“I would like to take you somewhere” the beast announced cryptically, but Sherlock just nodded, pushing his chair back and excusing himself from the table, striding away from Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, who were looking at the two of them with knowing smiles on their tiny faces.
The cold night air nipped at the bare skin of people who lived in the area as they went about their wares, numb to the cold and continuing on with their day-to-day lives, a stoic, hardened manner about their persons.
John thrust the vibrator in fully and left in there for a moment, grabbing his phone to take a picture of the detective, the black vibrator between his cheeks, his legs splayed wide and open for John to see, his back intricately laced in the corset while his curly head was barely held up to read from the book grasped in both hands.
"I love you," John panted, as the aftershocks wore off from the satisfying completion, kissing Sherlock on his glistening forehead, damp from their exertions, before rolling off of the younger man to grab a flannel to clean them both.
The men threw them inside the cage and Moriarty came forward to lock it, smirking at Sherlock as he glared back, staunching the blood flow from a cut over his eye.
“Twenty-nine, thank you d-daddy. Thirty, thank you daddy,” Sherlock whispered, wiggling his hips to put pressure on his aching prick.
“Come, John,” Sherlock called, darting out of the cab with the energy that allow accompanied him on cases. John exited the cab and placed a hand on his back, guiding him towards the open doors and inwardly smirking at Sherlock’s fiery blush at John’s obvious display of possessiveness.
John reached behind the couch cushions, thankful he had foreseen the need for lube stashed around the flat earlier that week, and flicked the cap open, holding Sherlock’s cheeks apart with one hand and drizzling the wetness on Sherlock’s hole with no warning.
One day after his imprisonment, after being taken away from his father, and he was playing happily with John’s pseudo-daughter while becoming friendly with his staff and, if he is being honest, the only people who every truly loved him, despite how cruel he was to them.
The two men stared each other down, John channeling his inner hedonist and wishing for nothing more than to lie in bed all day, introducing Sherlock to any number of erotic activities.
John watched all this is a grin, picked her tea back up and walking into the sitting room, leaving Sherlock holding the beautiful flowers with a blush adorning her face.
John felt a slight stinging behind his eyes at what Sherlock was entrusting him with, but he blinked them away, focusing on the younger man wiggling underneath him in impatient arousal.
John sighed when Sherlock peered up at him again, and stood up. Stretching out his hand, he said, “Come here.”
Sherlock gave a secret smile, and allowed John to hold him as he pretended to continue to look for a book, basking in the sensations of being held and treasured.
“Morning boys!” Mrs. Hudson interrupted their decidedly indecent morning conversation as she shuffled into the room carrying freshly baked orange scones.
“Have coffee with me?” John asked with a hint of a command, his eyes never leaving Michael’s face, who blinked in confusion before the words registered, and he smiled shyly once more and looked down, fiddling with the folders he was holding for a moment and nodding.
They spun around the ballroom, the two men appearing to the entire world as the royalty they were, the sun shining down on them and the magical rose sparkling in the corner of the room, a brilliant display of their fortitude and love for one another, their smiles lighting up the once enchanted castle until it seemed to glow in an ethereal manner.
During dinner that evening, Sherlock teased John, sitting across from him and eating his food in a decidedly lewd manner, sucking on his spoon longer than necessary and exposing his collarbones, lean wrists and long neck whenever possible. John felt he was in a cruel fantasy, able to look at his mesmerizing love but unable to touch.
“And I’ve never enjoyed wrecking someone the way I enjoy it with you, tanning your bum over my lap, teasing you for my own amusement,” John licked up his earlobe, feeling his trembling body.
John didn’t blame her, he lost his temper with all his staff members practically on a daily basis. But regardless, he wished to be alone.
It wasn’t his fault that Sherlock led him to distraction at every moment of the day; he brooded slightly as he carried the scones to the kitchen in order to get Mrs. Hudson a cup of tea, splashing in a bit of milk before carrying it out to hand to their elderly landlady.
John greeted him with a smile when Sherlock sat down at the kitchen island, placing a plate of toast and bacon in front of him. Sherlock picked up the dry toast with a grumble, until John handed him some of his favorite honey from Tesco.
But after a moment of staring at Sherlock’s wide, beseeching eyes, John caved with a put upon sigh, standing up and walking to where his boxers lay in the corner of the room where he had kicked them off just a few hours earlier.
Shaking his head, John glanced down at his vibrating phone, seeing the surgery had called him into work.
“Alright Sherlock, I am going to open you slightly, and then I will insert the thermometer. It needs to stay in until it beeps, so try and stay still. The lube may feel a bit cold,” John remarked, chuckling slightly as Sherlock yelped at the first touch of John’s lube coated finger to his winking entrance.
And John was so brave- she was a captain who had been injured but still tried to help others at Iris; she was small and soft-spoken, but still captivating with long dark blonde hair and sea-blue eyes.
Sherlock reached forward, placing a delicate hand on his expansive chest to feel his heartbeat, and John placed his paw over Sherlock’s hand, drawing their fingers together.
While it was true John was not gay, he had realized he was bisexual in the army. With the muscled chests and arms of the recruits, the hidden liaisons in the dark on cold desert nights, and his hopeless crush on his gentle commanding officer James Sholto.
Looking down, he saw the candelabra with a scowling face. The candlestick holder said, “get out of our castle!” It was the same voice who had yelled, Moran realized, his eyes widening in shock.
"I've been taken from my home, my papa, and forced to live here, imprisoned by a beast!" Sherlock said hysterically, his voice rising.
They kissed gently for a few more moment’s, Sherlock hesitantly began nipping at John’s thin upper lip as if practicing, and John smiled into the kiss at the sweet, untrained action, affection absolutely bursting in his chest for Sherlock.
you two finally pulled your heads out of your arses! Honestly,” he chuckled, “I’m glad to see you together, after all this time. It suits you,” he winked at Sherlock and turned back to his team, leaving the two men on the fringes of the crime scene.
“His name is John,” she admitted, “but do not call him that lightly, the master detests being reminded of his past self.”
“Sherlock, where are you going at this time of night?” Mrs. Hudson called from behind him, and Sherlock turned to look at the flower-covered teapot. Mrs. Hudson would know the answers Sherlock sought. Going straight to the beast may incite his well-known temper, and Sherlock was not keen to destroy the tentative bond they had begun to form.
Sherlock flinched slightly, and John softened slightly, walking closer to Sherlock until they stood a mere arms length apart, “you could make a real impact on your kingdom outside of marriage your highness, and yet you hide and push away anyone who would come to care for you.”
Sherlock was still giggling at Rosie's display when he heard a cough from the doorway. As he turned, he saw his papa standing there, with Mycroft just behind him, both of them wearing small smiles as they watched Sherlock with his new family.
Sherlock looked to John once again, piercing him with his inquisitive gaze, “you claimed you were not gay on many occasions, and due to your obsession with women I never doubted your inability to be swayed by the male form” Sherlock gestured to himself, in his six foot pale, lean glory, and John’s eyes swept over his form in a hungry manner that caused the younger man to redden once again.
With a twinkle in his eye, he gestured down to Sherlock’s body. When Sherlock glanced down in question, he saw his pajamas and dressing gown had vanished, and that his pale and bony body was brilliantly on display in the bright sunlight. In embarrassment, he scrambled to cover himself with his hands, only to be stopped by a broad, calloused hand against his wrist, gripping tightly.
Two years later he had a rambunctious toddler around the castle who he couldn't stand to be around, due to his self-loathing and alcoholic tendencies, and he sent her to Molly for her education and care on the opposite side of the castle, ignoring her cries for him and shutting himself away, refusing to even share meals with the child he loved.
Even more noticeably, there was a silver-haired man, a mousy young woman, and an old woman standing in the doorway with tears in their eyes, shock on their faces, as they peered at Sherlock and John, together at last.
So yes, nothing had changed….Well, beyond the fact that now John was able to enjoy the punishments he dished out when Sherlock misbehaved.
,” Sherlock whimpered incoherently as John began to kiss and sick at his right nipple, his hand coming up to stroke the other, coated in saliva and positively throbbing from John’s attentions.
He was startled from his melancholy by Sherlock, “I’ve always loved bees. I’ve studied them since I was a child, and when we lived in London, I was able to visit a science museum and learn about different species and functions of different bees. My favorite bee is a honeybee, from the line of Genus Bombus, part of Apidae, one of the bee families. I love honey, I ate it everyday-“ Sherlock cut himself off suddenly, but they both heard the
John fucking Sherlock in the living room of 221B. Size kink, edging. That's it, that's the plot. I still have room for a few more kinks, suggest below or on Tumblr! Comments/kudos appreciated.
.” John whispered, trailed one hand down to stroke at Sherlock’s arse, spanking one cheek lightly while he nipped at Sherlock’s neck in warning, "these panties are very reveling, they're
“Come John, I don’t have time for your tedious questions! Yes, it’s a rose; the rarest in the western world and it’s been stolen. Do you understand what this means?” Sherlock’s voice grew slightly higher in pitch in anticipation, and John watched him for a moment before shaking his head.
Meanwhile, Sherlock had gone to a high end-shopping district in London and was standing outside of a Parisian lingerie shop, oscillating on the pavement and biting his lip.
Once Sherlock’s breathing had slowed down, John kissed up her abdomen, pushing up Sherlock’s lingerie in the process.
“Yes, John.” He said quietly, moving his hand down John’s arm to grasp his smaller hand and hold it tightly in a vice grip. John squeezed back reassuringly;
“Get. Out.” The voice commanded lowly, with a growl in his tone, and Moriarty smiled and turned, holding his sword out and addressing the beast.
Sherlock sat on his new bed, trying to block out the sounds of his siblings arguing nearby. He opened the fairytale book his mother favored with stories that always involved a happy ending, trying to remember happier times.
“You will not remove this plug, nor will you come, until I say so. You can beg, plead, and act as sinfully slutty as you wish, grinding on me and acting utterly wanton, but I control your pleasure,” John growled lowly, rubbing his hand against Sherlock’s erect cock while pressing his own aroused manhood between the cleft of Sherlock’s arse, pressing the plug in further and reveling in Sherlock’s high moan.
“I have to go and help John, papa,” Sherlock said, already turning to race towards the stables where Philip was being held, but his papa grabbed his arm in a vice grip.
And John simply watched, watched him come all over himself, unable and unwilling to control his body in this way, needing John's guidance and devious expertise to fully relax himself and let go. It was embarrassing, mortifying-
“Shhh, shhhh, darling, that is what we have those colors for,” John soothed, continuing to hold himself up with on arm but bringing the other up to wide the sweat soaked curls from his forehead, kissing him lightly there, and on his nose.
Sherlock was wandering the halls of the castle one morning, staring up at the artwork on the ceilings, when he ran into something strong, and covered in soft hair.
“I know that Mrs. Hudson, Molly, Lestrade, Rosie and the other magical objects used to be people, but where changed by a curse set on the castle,” Sherlock gulped, ignoring the dark gaze of the beast scanning his features and continuing, “I know the curse somehow involved a prince, a prince in the destroyed painting in your bedchambers.”
“You can’t escape, and I wouldn’t let you. You’re my little cock warmer,” John growled, biting down on Sherlock’s neck hard enough to leave a bruise, and Sherlock was moaning incomprehensibly now, his mind muddled from denied pleasure.
John reached out slowly and began to rub Sherlock’s back in a calming manner, soothing his embarrassed emotions away, tracing his strong hands up and down Sherlock's spine and feeling a shiver at the movements, “I just had an orgasm as well, it’s alright Sherlock, wet dreams do occur,” John explained steadily, remembering his readings about the male body in his medical books, but Sherlock shook his head, sill hiding his red face from John, yet leaning into the strokes on his back.
John left the library shortly after their exchange, going to talk to the servants about their new jobs within the palace, now that the castle had been restored to its former glory.
He was a short prince with eyes as black as pitch. He seemed… off. As his dark eyes scanned her body, she felt unnerved and clutched tighter to her brother’s arm.
Sherlock gasped out, feeling the unrelenting rub of the plug on his sweet spot and unable to stop his guttural moan, causing Lestrade and several officers to peer at Sherlock strangely and with varying degrees of trepidation. Sherlock bit his lip and flushed deeply in mortification.
No one in their village ever wandered off the path due to the dangers that were rumored to lurk in the forest, and while Sherlock had often dismissed these claims as idiotic, he was suddenly taken by uneasiness about his person.
After a few more minutes of socializing, John grabbed Sherlock around the waist in a playful manner, “Sherlock,” John laughed his name, spinning him around, delighting in Sherlock’s surprised expression at his manhandling and pulling him away from their guests, “come on, dance with me.”
“John- oh, please, I’ll do anything!” Sherlock promised with a gasp, his cock aching from denied release, but John would have none of it, leaning forward to nip at Sherlock’s plump lower lip in warning.
She leaned back, and took him in, looking beyond him to see Sherlock still lying in their bed, watching them both with a hesitant grin on his face, and then back to John, whose expression was truly as radiant as the sun, “are you happy, John?” She asked, the question redundant due to the obvious truth in his smile, but wanting to hear it from John’s own lips.
“Mmhmm,” John groaned into his mouth, and Sherlock felt a stirring in his rapidly beating heart at giving John pleasure.
Anyways, one night about two weeks after he had begun his “wooing-Sherlock” plans, he decided to take Sherlock back to the beginning and have a re-do of that first sensational night. It had been exactly a year since they had met on January 29
, all the while rocking against the bedspread like an animal in heat, his body begging to be taken higher even as his mouth betrayed his desperation.
“Thank you Father” he said in his usual pompous tone, and Sherlock snorted, earning him a glare. Before uttering another word, Mycroft and Katherine strode off towards the house, basking in their new presents and leaving Siger and Sherlock alone at the gate in the chill of the oncoming winter.
Rather than indicate his presence quite yet, Sherlock searched for breaks in the dust line to indicate which way his father had been taken. The carpet on the stairs seemed to be worn from use recently, and so Sherlock crept up the steps, turning randomly to the right to continue his search.
Meanwhile, John was pulling Sherlock’s slender right leg to rest over his good shoulder, his curious hands reaching to pull open Sherlock’s plump cheeks to expose his winking entrance to his eyes for the first time.
“It’s over Mrs. Hudson, the curse is almost complete, and he is gone,” John replied, his voice hollow, and Mrs. Hudson sighed, turning away to come up with a her own plan.
Sherlock watched and, upon seeing himself as the background, snatched the phone out of John’s hand to look at it closely, ignoring John’s annoyed “Oi!”
Waving Mrs. Hudson’s hands away and stood up, her indifferent expression in place, “I’m perfectly fine now, Mrs. Hudson, as you can see. Just a spell, nothing more. What did you need to discuss?”
The young detective gulped deeply, his adam’s apple bobbing slightly as he shuffled slowly over to the couch and gracefully draped his upper body across the armrest, leaving his full bum deliciously outlined in his bespoke trousers.
The nude statues of men and women drew his eyes as he gazed at them, taking in their beautiful, frozen features etched into the hard marble, wondering what it would be like to touch the statues in their human forms. Sherlock jolted at his own thoughts, finding it odd that he would be interested in the human body outside of anatomical studies.
They were seated in their usual spot by the window, with a candle placed on the table just like the first night. This time, John did not object to being called Sherlock’s date, only smiling warmly at the server and offering his thanks. Sherlock peered at him with an inquisitive gaze at his lack of rebuke, and then huffed as if frustrated by his inability to deduce John’s intentions.
“Everyone deserves to feel beautiful,” she whispered, as if letting Sherlock in on a secret, and gave a girlish giggle as she thrust two items into his hands.
The sight of Sherlock, his gorgeous detective, actually taking his finger in and out of his virginal body, well, John nearly shot off at the warring sensations.
She was jerked back from her musings by Molly forcefully tugging a wide black silk ribbon around her waist, tying a square bow and allowing the ribbons to flow down her back. Sherlock turned to gaze in the mirror, and was startled by the beautiful, regal looking woman in the mirror. Her curls framed her pale complexion and emphasized her long neck and defined cheekbones. The green and black contrasted beautifully and suited her to a tee.
Sherlock gaped as he stared at his reflection. The chemise was utterly perfect, and he knew John would love it. He had originally decided to go shopping for lingerie to surprise John, and make his lover happy, but now Sherlock was realizing he truly enjoyed the experience of wearing the silky gown.
“You will count, and thank me for each spank,” John announced once Sherlock’s struggles to break free calmed down, and the naughty detective nodded, his voice choked off from embarrassment that John was going to spank him- like a four year old- yet again.
“This is non negotiable Sherlock, I’ve had enough of your reckless jaunts. It was one ordeal when you were a child, but as a woman, your actions are unseemly and put you and your virtue at risk. it’s for your own good,” he had said brusquely, staring down his hooked nose at her where he sat at his desk, looking oh-so-important in his evening formal wear with the regal sash over his chest.
When Mrs. Hudson found Lestrade, Molly and Rosie in the kitchen, she instructed Molly to hide Rosie in the cupboard, and then help her plan their attack.
The panties extenuated how vulnerable to young man was, and also how susceptible to advances. Sherlock turned to the side in embarrassment, trying to cover himself and staring into a candle adamantly as if he could disappear if he tried, but John was struck momentarily speechless at the sight of his naked arse, outlined beautifully by the panty’s revealing cut, a piece of green silk separating Sherlock's cheeks, rubbing up against his hole, begging to be taken, plundered,
As she walked along the expansive hall, the click of her heels reverberated off the walls as Sherlock gazed at the contemptible men surrounding her, deducing them and finding them lacking.
He dropped his phone into his pocket, and grabbed his coat, hurrying down the stairs and hailing a cab, heading to Leinster Gardens and praying he wouldn’t be too late.
John had lit candles around the room, giving it a breathtaking glow in the London’s twilight. The scene was hopelessly romantic, and caused Sherlock’s heart to skip a beat. John was doing this all for him, he realized with a tender smile, which faded into confusion once again.
That night they made love, slowly, achingly passionate, until Sherlock was quite overtaken by pleasure and fell into a blissful sleep with John still throbbing inside of him. John came moments later, falling asleep still inside his lover and held him in a tight embrace until the next morning.
“O-One, thank you John,” Sherlock gritted through his teeth, feeling completely humiliated, but John decided that he punishment was not enough without an added element of submission.
“And when it does, I’ll be ready,” the princess murmured, spinning to stalk from the room, fine black skirts flowing and tickling her bare feet.
“Well, I know I haven’t been exactly open to it in the past….” Sherlock trailed off, biting his lip and John looked at him with an incredulous expression, one dark eyebrow raised, “alright, I detested sentiment openly, but John,” Sherlock reached up to grasp at John’s shirt where he was still lying half on John’s body, feeling the muscles beneath his hands and failing to suppress a shiver, “I’ve never done this before. But the idea of you, with a woman or worse, with a man, reminded me that I couldn’t have you,” Sherlock paused, taking a deep breath, “I’d wasted my chance.”
“We’re both clean, John, please,” Sherlock begged, reaching for John’s left hand and placing it on his own arse. Sherlock’s prepared bum was soaked from lube, his rosebud practically
“Where are we going?” John continued, tucking that piece of information away in his mind as he watched Sherlock gather his thoughts, beginning to pace around the bedroom and looking adorably ruffled.
Sherlock, consumed by the air of mystery around John, but trusting John, spoke “Siger Holmes” into the night in a confused tone, engrossed as the mirror swirled with colors and Sherlock saw his father reflected back to him.
“I’ve never felt anything that powerful. But, I’ve also never made love to someone,” John admitted, and felt Sherlock stiffen in his arms.
” John shouted, catching Sherlock’s attention as she lifted her head to stare into John’s baby blue eyes that were glistening with- fondness?
It was a mixture of wealth and the macabre and it seemed to fit John’s new charge perfectly; beauty and obstinacy, feminine grace and wicked intelligence.
Weary after a long day of travel, Siger realized with a sudden start that he had traveled off the established road, and had strayed from his intended path home.
As they walked along the hallways covered in tapestries and chandeliers, John saw beautiful and exotic paintings and sculptures that she had never seen the likes of before, pictures of past monarchs, great battles told in their history, and places far across the realm that she would never see.
While John was slightly larger, Sherlock’s cock was a perfectly normal size, and John gasped and shuddered at the feeling of something of that girth inside of him, rubbing against his sweet spot on every stroke without fail, and causing pulsations to rush up his spine, slithering through his abdomen, and causing white stars to appear in his eyes.
John lined up once again, not allowing Sherlock but a moment, and began to push his now throbbing arousal back into Sherlock. Sherlock’s eyes, droopy from his three subsequent orgasms, widened when he felt John’s throbbing manhood entering him once again.
John spun his ranting detective around, stretched on his toes and kissed him, hard, tasting of Earl Grey and the leftover over Chinese take out they had eaten earlier. Sherlock’s shock at being cut off lasted only a few seconds before he tentatively began to kiss back, wrapping his gangly arms around the doctor’s waist and back and gently moving his lips over the thin lip’s belonging to John.
Squaring his shoulders, Sherlock walked forward, seeing the struggle that had taken place in the tracks and smudges in the snow line.
“Fine,” the princess growled and, sitting up, reached for the conditioner that soothed her errant curls.
John adopted an innocent expression as he dialed down the remote in his pocket, "no idea, might be the neighbors."
“What duties might those be, sitting still, keeping my mouth closed, and looking pretty?” Sherlock sneered as Mrs. Hudson divested her of her nightgown and left her in her altogether while she went to grab undergarments.
Sherlock saw tears glistening in John’s eyes, but he knew John wasn’t in pain he was just overwhelmed. He leaned down to kiss the shorter man’s forehead, resting there and giving him a moment, knowing how vulnerable this act can make any man.
“Slowly, gently,” Sherlock whispered against John’s reddened lips, and he paused, a guarded look still in his eyes, but he nodded. Sherlock pushed him gently back down, following his path with his lithe body until he was laying on top of John, chest to chest, controlling their kisses as John slowly gave up his rigidly held control.
she was blushing! The great Sherlock Holmes, the untouchable, cold machine was looking positively edible wearing that little outfit that emphasized all the soft lines on her body.
Mrs. Hudson smiled and gestured him into the kitchen with a tilt of her top, pouring him a cup of tea and letting him slouch over the table. Sherlock took a sip, reveling in the warmth spreading through his body with just the right amount of sweetness. Bless Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock breathed out, his chest heaving as he built back to another release due to John wickedly talented mouth, his tongue swirling around Sherlock’s slit, gathering the precome that gathered there and swallowing it down as if it were the sweetest of ambrosia.
Sherlock, relieved, slipped into the covers and shivered at the slight chill. John chuckled and moved over, tugging Sherlock into the crook of her body and holding her around the waist. Sherlock sucked in a breath at the action, feeling John's body pressed completely against hers for the first time, before she relaxed.
Moriarty held up his hand for silence, and the entire pub watched on: “Very well Siger, we believe you. We will even help you
“Very well, we can play, but I am not sure I am able to leave the room yet,” Sherlock commented, biting his lip in indecision. On the one hand, he wanted to explore his new-enchanted prison, but on the other, he could do without another run in with the beast.
The chair wasn't the focus of Sherlock’s incredulous gaze, however, oh no, the chair was simple and plain.
John tucked a few stray curls from Sherlock’s reddened face, and kissed his forehead, biting back a smile as Sherlock leaned into the easy affection.
Without processing her next movement, the room faded away and John was bowing before the young woman, lifting the soft, ivory hand to her lips for a courtly kiss and praising the brilliant creature before her. Her skin was cold and pale, and the likeness between her and her statue seemed complete.
John reached to Sherlock’s side when he was distracted, his head thrown back against the bed as he panted out, “
Sherlock broke off their kisses after a moment, breathing deeply and staring at John with wonder shining in his virescent eyes, his cheeks flushed a deep rose, and John smiled cheekily in response and tugged Sherlock past their doorstep, closing the door to 221B behind him.
As she poured the oily substance into her hands, she felt John’s eyes piercing her body from her placement across the room. Glancing down, Sherlock realized the bubbles had gone down significantly since they had begun their argument and, with the water she had sloshed on the floor, her sharp collarbones and most of her upper chest were now exposed.
Just as John heard the cry out again, he was off, running through the castle and out the doors, galloping on all fours and using his gained muscle mass of the beast to reach Sherlock's side in moments, as he had not strayed too far from the castle walls.
With that, John began to plunder Sherlock’s hole with a force of which the two men had never attempted, rocking his hips sharply, and Sherlock’s moans and cries increased in volume until he was choking while attempting to express his pleasure.
“Look at you, Sherlock, letting me put nipple clamps on you, like a slut,” he said lowly, but not harshly, watching Sherlock’s reactions to ensure he didn’t go too far into their passion play.
John disappeared into the bedroom for a moment before emerging with a small purple plug in his hand. Sherlock shuddered in anticipation; perspiration beginning to gather on his lean body while sparks of arousal shot from his groin at the sight of the teasing implement.
Sherlock looked down at his reddened, cum stained and well spanked body and crossed his arms in front of himself where he kneeled on the floor, feeling self conscious as he looked away from John, feeling unaccountably shy.
John walked over to his desk to gather up the assorted documents he had just finished up, walking back over and handing the stack to the young man, feeling a little hum in his stomach when the boy met his eyes and looked away, a slight rosiness on his pale cheeks.
Shortly thereafter, his father’s business dealings overseas failed, and Siger and his family were thrust out of polite society and left to defend for themselves, securing a small country home in Sussex while his father and Mycroft sought work. All their worldly belongings were sold off, except for a few trinkets, books and clothes. Sherlock even had to sell his beautiful violin.
John smirking at the back of his head as the cold thermometer settled against the rim of Sherlock’s puckering entrance.
They leaned their foreheads together once the sensations had finished, and whispered sweet nothings to one another, wiping each other off between kisses and declarations, before falling into a blissful slumber.
Understanding Sherlock needed to come after all his teasing, John began tugging rhythmically against the string, watching as the largest bead began to slowly revel itself hiding behind the clenching opening, and then disappearing once again.
With that, John knelt down and started to kiss Sherlock’s chest, deliberately avoiding his nipples, which were fully hard and aching with blood. So much beauty.
“Your highness, Mrs. Hudson asked for me to check on you and make sure you, um, washed your hair as she instructed…” John’s voice trailed off with an awkward cough.
“Wait…hmm, what was that? A rose?” John asked, his brow furrowing as he watched his young lover’s eyes dance at the mere mention of the seemingly insignificant flower.
After all, she was as innocent as a child, locked up in the castle with hardly any social interaction. All that brilliance, but without any knowledge of the world.
Well, I'm certainly blushing after writing this.... Only the epilogue is left! Thanks for reading along, kudos/comments are appreciated, as always.
“It seems like only yesterday Sherlock was splashing around in the bathtub with his favorite stuffed honeybee, crying out for his mama and I to play with him,” Sherlock’s Papa said mournfully, ignoring the indignant
Nuzzling his nose against Sherlock’s for a moment, he continued to stroke Sherlock with teasing upstroke, watching as the younger man fell apart from just a few light touches of his hand.
Sherlock felt John spill against his cheeks with a grunt, a dollop landing on his arsehole and causing a quivering sensation to course through his spine.
“Now, something to wear” Mrs. Hudson said, “go over to the wardrobe and pick something out, everything should be in your size.”
As Sherlock adjusted to the object, John pulled his pants back up and helped Sherlock to stand, allowing his lover to brace against his chest as a support once he was standing on wobbly legs like a colt learning to stand.
“But princess, you are no fool, and you shouldn’t have to play one. Do you want to marry? I’ve never seen someone as miserable while dancing as you were tonight.”
Mycroft raised one haughty eyebrow and stood up, “I’m late for dinner with the royal council, and you are quite aware of your new situation. You must begin to act in a way befitting a royal princess. And that is my final judgement on the matter,” he sniffed haughtily, threw her one last look of veiled disappointment, and swept from the room with his assistant and two guards flanking him.
John drizzled more lube onto his fingers and reached for Sherlock’s heart shaped arse, indicating for Sherlock to widen his legs, which he did without complaint.
Sherlock felt the light, tickling vibrations against his toungued-open hole, and gasped at the feeling against his wet pucker.
,” Sherlock hummed around John’s length, and John reached forward to grab Sherlock’s previously tamed curls, beginning the thrust shallowly into Sherlock’s mouth, watching saliva form around Sherlock’s plump, red lips which were stretched around his cock.
Sherlock’s body was nicely lax after his most recent orgasm. All the tension which had accumulated over multiple days was drained away and he felt refreshed. His bare arms and upper body soon informing him of the fact of the now-consistent chill of early autumn. From his clavicles down, however, he was sumptuously warm and cosy, and he allowed himself a gluttonous sigh of pure, uninhibited pleasure.
An honest flash of self-consciousness and heady anticipation creased Sherlock's brow, dilated his eyes, and sharpened his breath. With a faint, inadvertent mewl of effort, he yanked down his trousers with a stupendous lack of decorum. His shirt went next, unbuttoned with shaky, clumsy fingers that slipped again and again on the buttons, made slick with Sherlock's own nervous sweat and John's semen striping the front. When he was finally free of the fabric, Sherlock made to stand- but John pushed him back in his chair, kneeling again over him. He was careful not to press their cocks together, knowing Sherlock may come quicker if he did.
“…You’re displeased,” Sherlock noted finally, and his body language expressed a few tiny recoils and backtracks, both mental and physical, that usually helped to bear the brunt of John’s occasional flared temper. “Did you…should I try and bring you to climax?” He had very little experience in such things, and whilst he was admittedly a fast learner, he could by no means guarantee John an orgasm, particularly in an environment and mood so far removed from the typical, optimum ‘bedroom’ scenario.
"…I was thinking," John offered hesitantly, "…did you want to…talk about planning? I mean…you can't just summon a wedding out of thin air."
"...Thought so," John laughed awkwardly, shifting in the embrace and trying to swallow quietly. The sound was painfully audible nonetheless.
"We could always try that dirty talk thing from last night." John spread his legs, still working his hand under the duvet, getting harder the more Sherlock's eyes darted down, almost without his volition, staring at the movement like an impatient cat.
Had Shaun done all those things with John, too? Were one of those…things (sexual positions? Need more data) something John loved, something that made him go rock hard in less than a second at the barest suggestion of- like the bondage had earlier?
John pulled back after a few seconds, chuckling. "Easy, boy," he reprimanded and Sherlock narrowed his eyes in a predatory fashion and looked ready to strike again, when John suddenly halted the taller man with flat palms on his sumptuous purple shirt, his expression inexplicably anxious.
John was still shaking from the quick, filthy, sloppy blowjob Shaun had given him in the empty medical tent- when he felt Shaun pressing his lips insistently against his. He accepted the closed-mouth kiss- then pulled a face as the remnants of his own ejaculate were forced into his mouth. He'd tasted it for the first time when he was thirteen, purely out of curiosity, and had never found the taste pleasant.
"Do you need a minute?" John asked intuitively, even as his forehead crinkled with the agony of promised pleasure.
John listened with a maddened ferocity, hearing the suspicious man groan pleasurably, and a few faint squeaks of a mattress.
“I should bloody well hope so. After all, we were a couple for such a long time. For all of about minus two seconds, in fact.”
The pretty pathologist fumbled with the mugs, her slim hands shaking as she cleared her throat. Before she could reply, Sherlock murmured again, his voice deep and tantalisingly sinful.
Sherlock stiffened and brought his hands up in a flinch, banging his head back into the wall again as he went to jerk away in reaction, “
As they moved together, faster and harder and wilder, Sherlock started grunting thickly with each snap of John’s hips, his head dropping forward and then back as he got louder and louder with raising passion and fervour. John had been with vocal partners before but Sherlock’s exceedingly deep, gravelly voice made each vocalisation rumble through the both of them like an electric current. It surrounded the air about them, making it almost shiver across John’s sweat-slicked, hypersensitive flesh.
He shifted forward on his knees and tentatively touched John's cock. It was hard, hot. It jumped when Sherlock touched it, flexing over John's abdomen. Sherlock ran his fingers down the length of it, releasing a shaky breath and looking to John for guidance.
Molly's pretty face twisted briefly as she struggled to control her confusion and hurt before stuttering bravely. "You...I thought...he always says he isn't...you know."
Hunched behind a bunker made of feebly-filled sandbags in searing Afghanistan heat, a confusing flashbang of memory, of the last message John had managed to send to Shaun, dazzled him briefly. He grimaced and checked the bullets in his well-worn rifle, jamming them back into place with a sharp click, which was not as much as a distraction as the pitiful sobs of the twenty-year-old beside him, struggling with his weighty artillery.
Sherlock took off for the end of the aisle, his eyes lighting up when he found the spiky produce he'd been searching for. His hands hovered over the pineapples and he hummed under his breath as he poked and prodded the available specimens judgmentally.
"Absolutely...stunning," John muttered, ravenously nipping and suckling at Sherlock's pert cupid's-bow, playfully avoiding the detective's searching kisses, instead pumping his crotch slowly, inexorably, between Sherlock's legs, hissing at the blood-hot friction of their groins.
"Lift your legs a bit.." Sherlock directed, bending John's leg at the knee and, blushing again, helped him spread his thighs. He swallowed, eyes fixed on John's tightly furled hole, gripping the lube much too hard.
Sherlock ran an appraising eye over John's flushed skin. He'd licked him everywhere, delving his tongue wherever he wanted it to go, savoring the wonderful smell of
Sherlock pulled a face that contorted his already-angular features further - a face that betrayed his innate self-consciousness.
"Are you still on about that?" Shaun asked incredulously. "John...that was ages ago. Come on. I was a different person.
“I think it’s time I gave you what you wanted,” John informed him quietly, before rolling over once more. Facing him in the blind darkness, he carefully scooted one arm across Sherlock’s warm hip, up his side, and around to cradle his prominent shoulder blade through the thin T-shirt. He bumped the detective’s nose tenderly with his own, and then laughed softly to himself.
"You don't have to. You don't have to do anything, I just thought…" John hurried to add and Sherlock shook his head.
"Well...I know you're going to...squirrel all this away because you don't understand it, and it's going to bug you, and you're going to dwell on it, but can you do me a favour and try not to ask too many questions? Just know that something I...planned went a bit...well, quite a
“And you’re being tiresomely childish,” Sherlock complained and tried to pull his hand away with a half-hearted glare.
Sherlock felt a hithereto-unknown cold surge of tension, sweat breaking out on his face even as he started to shiver violently, teeth chattering and breathing speeding up.
Sherlock cried out and spasmed in surprise, his back arching, vision whiting out at the edges as John squirmed his tongue deeper inside his arse. Sherlock bucked his hips, breath ragged and fierce, unable to stop the desperate, grating cries which tore from his throat as John licked him.
"Thank you." He explained when Sherlock stared in bewilderment at him. "I needed to get out of the hotel for a while." He offered Sherlock a smile before tugging him forward and slotting their lips together.
fair,” he got out, laughing breathlessly. He shook for a moment, his hips automatically tipping forward and back, and then Sherlock clenched down around John in three strong, purposeful, clenches in retaliation.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the sight. John stood beneath the warm spray of their shower, his head thrown back and eyes closed. The water sluiced down his skin in fascinating rivulets- down his neck, across his chest, teasing the edge of one dark, pebbled nipple, and trickling down his stomach and right on over his obviously hard, very red, throbbing cock, over which he was working his hand at a steady but feverish pace.
"…It's Italian…It means...'.so beautiful.'" Sherlock confessed, watching John's eyes go soft and a sweet smile break out across his face.
No, Sherlock sternly told himself. That was just what John wanted. John was waiting for him to offer himself. Another willing vessel, which he would accept with apparent altruism. Sherlock couldn't give in. Not for one second.
John was far less restrained in his vocalisations than Sherlock had been and sighed and moaned extravagantly, before Sherlock pulled back with a shameless, smug grin and inserted one slick finger inside John. It went in easily, slipping inside John's body without almost no resistance and this time, Sherlock's groan echoed John's.
"What were you thinking?" John soothed, palms easing under Sherlock's dressing gown and over his bare, flat stomach, which quivered visibly with the application of the doctor's knowledgeable hands.
“I’m quite positive we established that you are the cuddler, not me,” Sherlock told him humorously as he moved the hand on John’s bicep to slip down over his chest so the whole of his arm was draped over John’s torso heavily, locking them together.
"Well...g-get on the bed then," he instructed, fluttering his eyes as he tried to calm himself. John and Lestrade were right outside. Things were going perfectly to plan. He was fine.
"You look...you look like you're ready?" Sherlock asked hesitantly. John nodded, hair rasping against the pillow.
"If I leave now and purchase more pineapple and ingest enough of it, I should perhaps be ready for you in 24 hours." Sherlock explained eagerly, still trembly and tripping over the recently-acquired fulgurite that he had left on the bedroom floor, and fell heavily, staggering against the wardrobe door. Unfazed, Sherlock pulled it open and rummaged frantically through his clothes.
"Maybe your friends are less pre-occupied with my cock than you obviously are," Sherlock muttered, though his deep voice broke slightly.
"But, you only just...I don't..." Sherlock frowned in honest confusion. "You kissed me...because you wanted to?...And...you were still going to go out with those women? Why didn't you...say something?"
Sherlock stared at him, frozen in place, gaze unfocused, and then shook his head, squinting hard as he turned to try and face him, “Wait…
," he hissed, before delving back inside Sherlock's arse, flicking his tongue in and out in quick, rapid bursts. Sherlock gasped, high-pitched, grunting, his hand squeezing around his cock but he seemed physically incapable of stroking himself, distracted as John pleasured him.
John accepted the masculine embraces, grinning with honest happiness. Pulling back, he turned to Sherlock, ready to introduce him. The look on the detective's face, however, caused him to freeze, to tense up cautiously.
"Well...my deductions...were they right? Tell me...your......thoughts," John uttered, nipping at Sherlock's long, angular jaw with the soft, slightly-pained whimper of pleasure that constituted a game-changer.
"I'm not trying to look womanly." Sherlock explained, rather hating the way John's eyes had gone all soft and pitying. "I honestly just can't be bothered to get a haircut." He cleared his throat. "Still, you're not used to...'manly.'"
'Shaun Morris' was very attractive, Sherlock could grudgingly admit. He supposed he could see the appeal the man had had for John. Fit. Muscular. Happy looking. Straight, even teeth. Classic Roman nose. He was, what Sherlock was sure Molly's women's magazines would classify as, a 'catch.'
John, heart clenching at the sight of his beautiful love so unusually confused, gave Sherlock a brief, chaste peck. "I'm incredibly flattered you want me, ok? Seriously. It's just a bit terrifying to think that I may hurt you or do the wrong thing or even- hell- scare you-"
It was addicting, distracting, enchanting, and highly arousing, yet somehow, John wasn’t exactly sure how, he managed to pick up on something beyond Sherlock’s provocative and enticing sounds, and quickly scrambled to cover the detective’s mouth just as the front door to 221B closed shut.
Sherlock jerked awake, his eyelids sticking together unpleasantly. Blinking with the slow, silent frustration of someone who had suffered an incredibly unsatisfying sleep, he lifted his head and yawned, glancing around, taking stock of his surroundings.
