“Listen, young lady!” Dad raised his voice
“What friend? Was it a boy?”
“Do you plan on taking Eleanor out again?” Tony asked
“Pete?” MJ called after him
“Thank you!” I practically squealed
“I would very much like to take you out on a proper date. Are you available Friday night? Are there any Broadway plays you’d like to see?”
“Do you know where Dad is?” I asked
Dad laughed
“Right?” MJ exclaimed
“I hope it’s alright that I asked for you to stay. I could tell that you really didn’t want to go home and I don’t want the memory of our first date to be tarnished by an incident with your father.”
“No, it’s alright. I suppose it makes sense, especially if I’m going to be taking you out again.”
“Fine.” I said quietly
“Good. You’re going to do great. I can’t believe my little girl is going to be on the road soon”
“No promises.”
“Dinner will be ready around six.” he said as he left my room
I looked at him puzzled. He just smiled and continued driving. I sat back and looked out the window, my fingers occasionally trailing over his as he drove through the streets. I noticed after a while that he had taken a turn in the opposite direction than my house but I didn’t say anything.
“We’re going to be late for school” Peter pushed against my shoulder, annoyed
“You can’t do this” I yelled
“Yeah.” I said “Let’s go home”
“Ellie?” my dad’s voice called “It’s time for dinner.”
“The lake house.” Tony said
The next day I was happy to see Loki in study hall again. He asked how I was feeling and we talked the entire time. After the bell rang he offered to walk me to my next class, since his was a few rooms over. We walked together, deep in conversation about the type of books we liked to read, and ignored the glances and stares we got from the other kids in the hallway.
“That’s what you’ve always said, right? To stand up to bullies, and to watch after my brother?”
Dad was silent for a moment.
“Everything will be okay, Brother” Thor said
“Thor? Who’s Thor?” I asked
“I was talking about the kids.” Tony cut Dad off “I know you’ve never loved me.”
“Oh, by the way Loki is coming over tonight for dinner. Please try not to be a total loser.”
I pushed his hands off my shoulders and backed away from him. Tears rolled down my cheeks and my bottom lip trembled.
I smiled at his displeasure and followed him.
“I’m sorry Ellie” Dad apologized “Things are kind of crazy over here”
“It’s okay, Pete.” I said reassuringly “They’ve fought before”
“I gotta go, El. I love you.” Dad said “Rhodey says hi to you and Peter”
“I don’t want to.” I said as a tear fell down my cheek
I looked up and saw that he wasn’t looking back at me. I raised an eyebrow.
Back home, dinner was awkward. Peter was silent and any attempt from Dad and Tony to get him to open up about the problem at school was making things worse. He eventually pushed his plate away and went to his room and we could hear the door slamming shut all the way from the dining room.
“El? How was your day?” Dad asked me
I blinked at him before standing up. I turned to Dad and put my hands on my hips.
“Hurry up girls” the librarian snapped her fingers at us, “Bell is about to ring”
“Eleanor I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to” Loki looked upset
“I’m always going to be here for you, and Tony will be for you Ellie.”
I greeted Loki with a long hug. He chuckled as he put his arm around me.
Thor just made a face at us and walked off.
“Hello, Eleanor” Happy said as he opened the back door
“I said I won’t. Sheesh. Anyway, pizza’s here”
“Are you?” Dad scoffed “When’s the last time you did anything for them”
“Yummy” he replied, flipping on his XBox and tossing me a controller “Wanna play?”
“You really think so?”
“I know it’s a lot to take in and I’m sorry that I never told you. I should have.”
“I know. I’m sorry. I messed up, I should have called.”
“Mother?” he called out
Tony had a lot of cars, but the Bugatti Veyron was his most prized. He wouldn’t even let Peter and I ride in it in fear we’d make it sticky or dirty.
“You heard me. I said you’re not my father”
“Talking to yourself” Peter said from the doorway
“You’re adopted?” Peter said before slurping his spaghetti
“It was fine. El here has some news” MJ grinned at me as I shot her a look
“I’d like that.” I said
“I’m sorry, Daddy” I whispered “It won’t happen again”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“Sure. A friend you have a date with”
“What is it this time?” I asked Pepper when I found her in the kitchen preparing our snack
“Ellie can’t stay here, she’s my responsibility. She needs a parent, Peter too.”
“Woah.” MJ whispered, nudging me in the side “Dude look at what just walked through the door”
Dad pointed at the screen and I looked away, handing the phone back to him.
Pepper had made sirloin steak tips, mushrooms, and rice and I sat at the dinner table poking at the food with my fork. Tony and Pepper exchanged worried glances as Peter shoveled the food in his mouth. A few minutes later I excused myself and Tony nodded, letting me leave the table, but he followed me out of the dining room.
“I got him” MJ pushed herself of the couch she was leaning against and went downstairs to the lab
“Would you like to come back to my place” he whispered in my ear, gently stroking my thigh with his thumb
“I might not be either” I reminded her, half joking
“No. He disappeared wasn’t heard from again. I was there the day you were born, when Peggy began to clot. The nurses put you in my arms and closed a curtain, separating us from your mother. You wrapped your tiny fingers around mine as the monitor flat lined. You didn’t even have a name yet.”
I went downstairs to get him and ice pack and MJ and I went to find the adults. We found Tony down in his lab, unsurprisingly.
“He’ll do.” Tony shrugged “I give it two months. Especially if she’s anything like you”
A nurse and doctor emerged from behind a set of double doors and called for Frigga’s family members. Thor wasn’t back yet so Loki and I stood and walked over to them.
“What?” Tony turned back around
I grabbed my backpack and slung it over my shoulder. I glared at him and stormed out of the school and down the steps.
“How was school?” he asked
“As long as there are no more sleepovers, I don’t see why not.”  Dad said to my surprise
“Good” Bucky gave me a soft smile “I’m still sorry about all of this, though”
I shook my head at Loki’s lack of knowledge of  20th and 21st century pop culture and began to explain the concept to him. Midway through my explanation a commotion from across the cafeteria caught my attention and I looked to my right just in time to see Flash flip Peter’s lunch tray out of his hands, sending the contents crashing to the floor.
Peter wasn’t happy with that answer, because it wasn’t  ‘no we’re not getting a divorce, I love Tony more than anything and would never leave him’.  I put my bowl in the sink and slid my way past my dad’s outstretched arm. I grabbed my bookbag and headed out the door for school as I heard him sigh.
“Daddy was supposed to take me to my drivers test on Monday” I pouted “Can you take me? Please?”
“I don’t want to move to the lake house!” I cut him off “Tony?!”
“What happened?!” I said
I grabbed my phone and went downstairs to the dining room. Pizza boxes were spread out across the table with paper plates at each seat, obviously placed by Pepper because of the way the napkins were properly folded and set on beside them. I sat down at my usual spot and grabbed a slice of Hawaiian.
“I have thought about how this will affect you and--”
“Exactly. You’re a kid” Dad said, stepping closer to me
“I understand, but he doesn’t have to stay that way.”
“To be honest, I always thought he should have told you a long time ago.”
“Where were you?” he asked, sitting on the edge of my desk
“I’m not worried” I shrugged
“Seat belt.” Happy reminded me
Loki and I had a nice time at The Bean Tap, a hole in the wall hipster coffee shop close to school. We discussed the current books we’re reading, the ones for leisure not school, and both realized that we like different time periods better than the one we are currently in. I sipped my latte as I listened to him go on about Shakespeare and he drank his coffee, which he took black, as I went into detail about Gone With the Wind, one of my favorite novels that he hadn’t read.  When it was time for both of us to go home, we exchanged numbers and parted. I headed down West 42nd Street, toward our towering home and realized as I approached the door that I hadn’t stopped smiling since I left the coffee shop.
“Always.” I nodded
“It’s okay, Ellie” he said softly “Shhh, it’s okay”
“No it isn’t” I protested but was cut off by MJ joining us
“Peter..” I said, grabbing his arm “What happened?”
“It hasn’t been easy, has it?”
“How so?”
“I don’t know”
“Honestly, I don’t know” I sighed
“Are you sure?”
“Oh? What’s up?” Dad wiped the sweat from his brow
“And I want someone who doesn’t spend their entire day drinking and avoiding life”
“I’ll see if Happy is available.” Tony nodded and left the room
“Hanging in there.” I shrugged as I put a plate into the dishwasher
“If you do kiss him are you going to slip him tongue?”
“Do you know him?”
“You’re still in love with him. Tony knows that, and knew that when you went after him if you found him then your marriage would be over.” I laid it out for him “Right?”
Loki chuckled and came up beside me.
“I don’t want her to.”
“Would you care to join me after school for coffee?”
I stared at the man in the picture. Bucky.
“Loki?” Tony laughed
“Morning” I said as I opened the fridge to find something for breakfast
“Uh-huh” she was still grinning
“Huh?” I looked up at him
“No, Eleanor, don’t” he finally spoke, his words rushed
“They are retired.” Loki said  “My father was an accountant and my mother was a librarian.”
Six twenty came and I decided that it was time to go downstairs. If I could get through the front door without being noticed, I’d wait for Loki on the front stoop. MJ and I walked down the hallway and I thanked the stars that Peter’s door was closed. We could hear him and Ned yelling at whatever video game they were playing and I knew that I would be safe from his blabbing mouth. We quietly descended the stairs and MJ poked her head around the corner to see if the coast was clear.
“I was going to be sent on this mission, a dangerous one. I knew I wouldn’t be coming back from it so I made Steve promise he’d take care of your mother, and you when you were born. I was to be sent to Russia a few days before your mother went into labor but I worked it so that I could stay behind at the last minute.”
“Tony and I talked about it and I’m going to take the lake house.”
I sniffed and nodded in understanding.  He knelt down in front of me and wiped the tears off of my cheeks. I wanted to push him away but instead, I threw my arms around him. He was surprised but wrapped his arms around me in return, accepting the embrace. We sat there for a moment and I cried every emotion I had in me out into the burgundy shirt he was wearing. He held me for the first time in sixteen years and I could tell from his breathing that he was crying too.
Peter grabbed my hand and held it tight.
Steve turned around and looked stunned for a moment.
“You heard all of that yesterday, huh?” Dad asked
“Eleanor Barnes”
“Like what?”
I nodded and requested cream and sugar in mine. Loki didn’t say anything.  Thor sighed  and headed off to find the coffee machine.
“Why don’t you two try to get some sleep, okay?” Pepper said as she ushered us upstairs
I frowned but turned and left with MJ on my tail. I went upstairs to see if Dad was in his room but it was empty. MJ and I wandered the house and finally found him in the gym, hitting the punching bag.
“I have to.”
“Aw...how sickenly sweet.” MJ said sarcastically as she came up beside me to open her locker
“You know when he’s working he’s focused one hundred and ten percent,” Tony said
I explained how Loki had offered me the guest room at his place and repeatedly insisted that nothing happened between us.
Tony took the necklace and put it around my neck, fastening the clasp and readjusting my hair. I had wanted that necklace for a few years now, begging my fathers to buy it for me but Dad always said that I was too young to have such an expensive piece of jewelry. He was afraid that I wouldn’t take care of it or it would get lost. He hated when Tony splurged on luxurious things for Peter and I because he never wanted us to love Tony for his money or be spoiled brats. I assumed that now he was out of Tony’s life, Tony could make his own decisions on these things.
“Barnes”
Natasha didn’t say anything and instead pulled me in for a hug. She rubbed my back for a moment before she pulled away.
“Uhm” he hesitated but opened the door “Sure”
Frigga’s funeral was a beautiful send off for her, although it was small. A few family friends had come from overseas but other than them it was just her husband, the boys, MJ, Peter, Pepper and I. After the service MJ and I helped Thor and Loki load Odin and his wheelchair into their car. Thor gave MJ and hug before climbing into the back next to his father. I stood and held both of Loki’s hands. He had been very silent since his mother’s passing and I knew that he was grieving.  I pulled him in for a long hug and stroked his long hair and back gently.
“You don’t know Loki”
“Then why did you lie to me?”
I waved as the driver pulled off down the gravel road of the quaint countryside cemetery. Pepper drove Peter, MJ and myself back to the city. My brother wanted ice cream but I was feeling pretty sad and asked to be dropped off at home first. I waved them off as Pepper drove away to take them to the parlor down the street before she took MJ home. I walked inside and made my way across the living room. The house was quiet, I hadn’t expected anyone to be home, but as soon as my foot hit the bottom step I heard a noise coming from the kitchen.  I paused and heard an unfamiliar male voice swearing. I walked quietly toward the kitchen door and pushed it open slowly. I saw a man standing at the island wiping up a spill with Pepper’s good kitchen linens. He was tall, broad shouldered, and wore a dark colored jacket. A hat was pulled down over his face and he continued swearing as he mopped up the liquid.
“I love you, kid. I’m always here if you need me, you know that.”
“Get your hands off my brother, dickhead”
His gaze lingered on me for a moment before he looked down.
I looked at Happy, who still had his headphones in with his head  back, eyes closed. I stood and walked to the counter.
“Open mine first!” Peter yelled with excitement as he shoved a large gift bag at me
“I’m not afraid.” Loki smiled at them, which made Dad raise his eyebrows
“I don’t like it” I pouted
“Tell him hi. I love you too Daddy”
“Tony don’t” Dad stood up
“Crap” I thought to myself
Dad ran both hands through his short blond hair and stood up from the couch. He gave Pepper an apologetic look but she wasn’t relenting.
“Same to you, Loki” I smiled at him
“Did you get tickets?” Dad turned to Tony who shook his head
“What?” I blinked
I softly cried into his shoulder  as he rubbed my hair.
Going home was a mistake. Upon arriving we could hear the yelling from upstairs. Peter and I exchanged looks and our friends immediately abandoned us to go to their more peaceful homes.
“Dinner’s done” Pepper called out “Can someone summon Tony?”
“I’m not mad at you. You did the right thing.”
“Excuse me?” I asked the woman at the desk
“Scared?” I turned around and looked at my step father “Captain America is scared of something?”
Peter and I had quickly moved to our rooms when he came home and encountered Tony. There wasn’t yelling but there was a lot of awkward silence and uncomfortable staring so Peter and I retreated as fast as we could. Now we were being called down, presumably for dinner.
Loki bit his bottom lip and I could feel his hands shaking.
“He’ll be there.”
I knew MJ wasn’t trying to hurt my feelings, but it struck a nerve that Steve very well couldn’t be my real dad like I had always thought. I went through volleyball practice occasionally glancing up at Loki. He was still reading his book, not seeming to pay attention to practice. The next time I
I blinked, finally coming back to my senses. I looked from Bucky to my dad back to Bucky and back to my dad.
Tony sighed, not knowing what else to say. He got up and knelt down, placing a kiss on my forehead.
“That’s right.”
I looked at her in bewilderment.
“You weren’t with MJ after practice?” Dad asked puzzled
“Again?” I heard my dad sigh from the kitchen before joining us
“They’re getting a divorce!” he wailed
“You don’t know my dad. He probably has the FBI and CIA…I gotta go.”
“Be home by ten, it’s a school night.” Tony said as he took the piece from Peter and worked at it himself
He sighed and closed the textbook. He looked up at me and his green eyes had a glint in them that made them shine.
I went downstairs and knocked on the door of the room Bucky was hiding out in. A few seconds later it opened. He seemed surprised to see me.
“Goodnight, Thor” Loki hissed as he glared at his brother, who hadn’t moved from his spot
“STOP” Peter screamed, his hands over his ears
“What’s going to happen to us?” Peter continued to wail “Is Steve taking Ellie away?”
“I never let anyone know I was staying here. I shouldn’t have even agreed to stayed. Oh my god, I bet my family is so worried about me.”
“I don’t want to either.” I said “Maybe we can convince Dad to let me stay”
“Peter and I were going back to his place to work on the Death Star” Ned said
“Me either” MJ said
“Ah” I said
“That’s awesome”  I smiled at him “I’ll be glad that you’re going to be closer to me”
Tony narrowed his eyes at Loki as he sipped his whiskey.
“Nah” Thor said
Dad glared at him
The next morning Peter and I were eating a bowl of cereal on the island in the kitchen when Dad walked in. Neither of us said anything to him as he walked to the refrigerator to pour himself a glass of orange juice.
“It’s a city.” he shrugged “I don’t prefer it but I don’t have a choice”
I crossed my arms and sat back in the chair, waiting for an explanation. He swallowed hard before continuing.
It took a moment but I finally was able to step forward and into the room. I sat down on one of the high backed velvet chairs by the window. Dad joined me by sitting in the chair across from me.
“Nothing” I said as I slid on my heels
“Eleanor punched me in the face!” Flash wailed “She broke my nose!”
“Workshire” He said dully
“Daddy” the screen said as it continued to buzz
“Are you serious, Steve?” Tony said angrily
“Do you have everything you need?” he asked
“Hey, is it okay if I go out with Loki for a bit?”
“I miss you too.” I said “Try not to do anything stupid until I get back?”
“Good.” I narrowed my eyes at him “Stay away from Peter”
“If you did, you wouldn’t go after him.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to stare” he apologized “It’s just like I’m seeing you for the first time”
I blinked, looking closer. James Barnes. Eleanor Barnes. That wasn’t right.
looked up at him, someone on the opposite side of our scrimmage spiked the ball directly at me and it smacked me right in the side of my face.
“Go easy on her, Steve.” I heard Clint say
“I would love to but I have volleyball practice until four thirty” I said sadly
“Glad to see everything is good between you two.” Thor said “The way you ran out of the house Friday I thought my little brother had messed things up before they could even begin”
“Did you use protection?” she asked
“Thank you” I said
“Shut up.” I muttered
Later that night I was in my room, curled up in the white saucer chair, reading the biography book I had gotten at the library. I couldn’t focus on the book because my mind was on my dad. Where was he going that he hadn’t landed and called me yet? What was so “top secret” that he couldn’t tell Tony what was going on? Although my dad and I butt heads sometimes, we’re very close. He’s always been there for me and before Tony and Peter came into our lives, we were all each other had. Sure I was only four when he and Tony met and got married, but for those first four years it was just my dad and I. With him being military, I was always on edge worrying about him when he was away. One of the last tours he went on was a few years after September 11th and I made myself so physically sick worrying about him that he had chosen early retirement instead of furthering his career.
“What would she want? You have to think about her and not yourself”
“Uhm...there’s been a mistake. This isn’t my birth certificate.” I said slowly, still staring at the paper in front of me
“Eleanor, I’m sorry that I left. I wish with everything in me that I had taken you right then and ran, but Hydra would have found me.”
He moved closer to me and I closed my eyes as his lips touched mine. Leaning into his kiss I wrapped my arm around him and let my fingers curl into his hair. His hand ran up  and down my crossed legs as we continued to kiss under the setting sun. I jumped slightly as I felt his tongue slide into my mouth but excitedly met it with mine. We continued to make out until well after dark, breaking to converse, then kiss more.  When we broke apart a final time I looked down to see that his hand had slid under my skirt and was resting on my thigh, and the thin strap of my top was falling off of my shoulder. I looked up at him and bit my lip.
I strained to hear my dad’s worse as his voice drew quiet.
I sighed blissfully as I walked through the front door. I entered the large living room and stopped short, greeted by a group of people. Peter, Tony, Happy,  and Pepper were there, but so were my Aunt Natasha, Uncle Clint, Rhodey and my dad.
“Eleanor!” he shouted in frustration
“What’s wrong?” I asked, stepping into his room with MJ behind me
“I didn’t take you as an Edgar Allan Poe person,” I said, pulling the book out of it’s place
“I see” I sighed at the mess this family was in  “When will Tony be here?”
I groaned and threw the covers off. I sat up and rubbed my eyes until they adjusted to the bright light and yawned. Staying up until midnight studying for midterms wasn’t a great idea, but I wasn’t one for organized structure and had messed around until the last minute. I quickly got dressed, throwing on some leggings and a sweatshirt that had originally belonged to my step dad. Throwing my hair into a bun, I grabbed my backpack and ran down the stairs.
“He’ll be okay.” Dad tried to reassure
“I have no say in this, kid” Tony shrugged
“She’s on a ventilator and the family will need to make the call.”
“So it’s up to you?” I put my hand on his
“Not a date” MJ helpfully reminded me with a laugh
“I don’t know what to say” his voice cracked
“Eleanor Barnes?”
I turned around and hit my fists together, something we did to each other after we saw Ross do it on Friends. She waved me out the door and I went to meet up with Loki for our not-a-date coffee.
“Not at all. I’ll call you later”
I ran upstairs to my room and slammed the door. Peter followed me and I heard his door slam equally as hard.
“I’d use the Bounty if I were you” I said, pushing the door all the way open and stepping in
“Well, he didn’t.”
The buzzer rang and I nearly jumped out of my skin. MJ laughed so hard that she swallowed her gum. I buzzed Loki in and he greeted me with a hug.
“Phillips”
“Flash was picking on him again” Ned said and Peter shot him a look
“Hi” I said politely, slightly blushing at the feeling of him looking me over.
“I know, but he knows how much I worry about him. He can’t take five minutes to call me and tell me he’s okay?”
“I won’t do it without Loki here.”
When six thirty drew near, I began to get nervous. What if Tony and Dad were in the living room when I went to leave? Should I go out the back door and through the alley? Will we really be taking the subway?
“Good morning” Pepper greeted “Your dad left. Tony’s en route back home so Steve went to find Bucky a new hiding place”
“I saw you once before.” he began “At the hospital when you were born”
“Here”
“Oh.”
“I wasn’t, not to anyone’s knowledge.”
“I can’t tell you right now. Government rules” Dad said “Everything is okay, I promise. I’m fine”
“I mean, I can’t control what happens. If you guys split up, then you do. We just have to go from here and figuring out how to make it work”
We bolted toward the door. Well, MJ bolted, I walked as fast as I could in heels. I had made it past Dad and Tony on the couch and was almost to the front door. I breathed a sigh of relief as my hand went for the handle.
“Yeah, and they didn’t look happy.”
“Would you calm down?” MJ said as she popped a bubble with the gum she had been chewing “You’re going to walk a hole into the floor”
“I know.”
“I’m done Steve.” Tony grabbed his bags and left the room
I stayed in my room the rest of the day. Peter had tried to get me to play with him but after throwing a pillow at his face he decided to give up and go to Ned’s. I didn’t feel like talking to anyone so I avoided MJ’s texts. Loki was patiently giving me space, only texting me to tell me he would see me at school on Monday.  Around six there was a knock on my bedroom door.
“I know.” Peter sulked
“You didn’t bring your brother did you?” MJ asked as she looked over Loki’s shoulder
“Then don’t” he said
‘Not yet, honey. He’ll call when he can, I promise”
“How do you like New York City?” I asked him
“Kids?” I heard Dad’s voice call us from downstairs
Tony’s words echoed in my head and I looked at the desk drawer, where inside held a piece of paper that led me to have so many questions. My dad was Steve Rogers. Why did the birth certificate not say that? It had said Margaret Carter, which was my mother’s name, I knew that because Dad had told me about her. They were high school sweethearts and she passed away very shortly after giving birth to me. So who was this James Barnes guy? Why was his name on my birth certificate? Do I tell Tony about it? Does he know?
“It was ok” Peter said as he grabbed four slices of various pizza
I smiled, but Peter continued to pout.
“Now boys, please get along” Frigga said as she appeared “Eleanor, your room is ready.”
“Our parents have a thing for Norse mythology”
“I’m happy to see you. It was a long weekend.” I sighed, the scent of his shampoo wafting off of his long hair as my fingers tangled in the strands
“Oh.” I looked down at my hands “Do you know anything?”
“I got Bucky a hotel room for now. I’ll be home in a little while”
The door opened and Dad walked in. He looked around my room then rested his eyes on me.
I shook my head and grabbed the paper. I turned around and ran straight past Happy and out of the office. The blur of someone running by caused Happy to look up and see me running out so he followed.
I nodded and he took my hand, leading me to his bedroom. I entered and looked around as he closed the door. His room was simple. Cream colored walls, green drapes, a few nature photographs framed on the walls. He had a dresser and two bookshelves on either side of his bed, filled completely with books.
“No, no” I said “It isn’t your fault, you didn’t know. Besides, I think there’s a bigger issue at hand.”
“You’re new here” I said
“What?” I shrugged, feigning innocence
“No!” Peter stood between me and the door “Don’t, you know Steve will just go to the school and cause a scene.”
“It’s nice to meet you too”
“I want you to be committed to this relationship” Tony shouted “I am sick and tired of waking up every morning wondering if this is the day it’s going to end”
“How so?” I asked curiously
I looked down.
MJ noticed that I was nervous and asked if I was afraid of getting caught. I admitted I was but then a rebellious spirit rose up inside of me and I became determined that I didn’t care if Dad found out. I was sixteen. I was a Sophmore in highschool and my grades were good. I wasn’t planning on sleeping with Loki. I was mature and responsible. It was time I went on a date. Besides, he could possibly have been lying to me for the last sixteen years and that made me angry at him.
"Okay, but I'm pretty sure that's against Air Corps regulations," Tony said, gasping as Steve's fingers trailed down his stomach to curl around his leaking cock. "I might even have to lodge a complaint with your superior officer."
Steve had shaken his head, pressing a soft kiss to Tony's forehead. "No, it's not because I pitched it to them. It's because it's the right thing to do."
“It’s the humidity in the air,” Steve murmurs.  “Cold, dry air triggers the inflammatory response, but—”
"There's nothing wrong, little guy," Steve finally said. "I'm sorry if I made you worry."
"Hmph," Tony muttered as he wound his arms around Steve's neck. "You know that you are goddamn stubborn, right?"
"Oh, just shut it, Flash, okay?" Gwen retorted. "You don't know a thing about it, so why don't you do us all a favour and just keep your mouth shut."
"JARVIS, do me a favour and start scheduling regular diagnostics on the drones, all right? Let's say every three hours? I just want to make sure that nothing goes wrong."
"Drax! Rocket!" Quill shouted as he took Gamora's hand, the power surging through Steve's body decreasing slightly. "Dudes, where the hell are you?"
And then he turned on his heel and
They made love slowly, taking their time despite the lateness of the hour, their kisses and caresses languid and peaceful as their bodies moved together in the intricate dance they had perfected over the last couple of months.
"All right, just give me a minute," Steve said as he disappeared into their closet, returning a few heartbeats later with his new Captain America uniform, complete with a brand-new cowl. "It even smells new."
"Say, buddy," he began. "How often has Grandpa been showing up there at the hospital?"
The second trip was much better, finding Steve watching as he, Tony, and Peter frolicked on the beach during their spring break trip to Italy, about a month before he was arrested by HYDRA. Despite what had happened afterwards, that trip ranked up there amongst Steve's very favourite times with his husband and son, as even though the rest of the team had accompanied them, Steve and Tony were able to spend so much quality time together that it had felt like they were on a second honeymoon.
"No, I don't think you do," Peter insisted. He scrambled to sit up, reaching for Gwen's face. "You
"Yeah," Peter muttered rather petulantly under his breath. "We've got plenty of time."
Closing the proposal, Tony turned his attention back to Natasha's equipment, tweaking settings here and there until the delicious smell of roasted garlic and Parmesan cheese started to waft into the lab from the kitchen, almost as though Steve was physically beckoning Tony to come out and eat.
“You and Loki?” she grinned
Loki wasn’t like a lot of the boys in our school. He seemed mature, confident, slightly arrogant, and knowledgeable about things other than the latest Vines and sports. We had a lot of things in common too, from our love of historical fiction to our view on current events going on in the country. It was nice to have someone my age to share these things with, and I had to admit he was pretty cute. I had never been interested in boys much, mostly because they were all immature dorks like my brother, but my dad was always over protective of me. He prefered that I focused on my studies and get into a good college instead of boys. He’d find something wrong with any boy at school Peter said had an interest in me, therefore I couldn’t have an interest in them.
“Oh hey, Loki?” I grabbed his arm
“I miss you” my voice cracked
“Oh thank God!” Natasha breathed out, running up to embrace me
“That’s also a long story” I said
“Where did you move here from?”  I asked, hoping to pinpoint his accent
“Your birthday?!” he exclaimed playfully “I must find you the perfect gift”
“It is.”
“I’m not mad at you for keeping his secret. I understand.It wasn’t you place to tell me.”
“You’ve got a lot of nerve bringing him into Tony’s home, you know. Peter’s going to be back soon.”
“I have to go, I need to catch the next train to school or I’ll be late.”
“It was fine.” I said, looking down at my plate
“I’m surprised that you expected it to” Tony took a drink from his glass “Your mess, you fix it”
“I can tell when you’re lying” Peter raised his eyebrows
“She’s a kid, Tony!” I heard my dad say
“Oh..of course I am I just wasn’t expecting you to be home already” I stammered
“I’m not hungry.” I said from my bed where I had been staring at the ceiling for the last hour
Peter wiggled his way out of Tony’s grasp and grabbed his backpack and I followed him. Tony grabbed my arm on my way out and I turned back around.
I had laughed, but Loki didn’t seem amused. I was sure he got comments a lot about their names so I let it go.
“Oh boy” Tony’s hand instantly went to his face as he rolled his eyes
“I remember the first time I brought you and Peter here.” he recalled “It was a couple of days after we moved here from D.C. and the two of you were stir crazy from being in the house. Tony was at work. I made some sandwiches and we had a picnic by the big playground.”
“Been hearing that a lot today.” I huffed
“Awww” MJ said sarcastically and made a disgusted face, fake gagging.
“Everything I’ve told you about your mother is true. Her name was Peggy Carter. She was a nurse and died of a hemorrhage a couple of hours after giving birth to you.”
“You need to eat, El.” he said
“He’ll open up when he wants to, Tony, you can’t force him”
“I know. We need to talk”
“I have to get home. Bruce is returning from Uganda this afternoon and I need to pick him up at the airport.” she said
“He better not be here when Tony comes back.”
“I guess you’re right.”
“No, go ahead” I said
“Watching what my mom had to go through I always told myself I’d never let anyone push me or anyone else around. I was a little guy, you’ve seen the pictures, but that didn’t stop me from trying to stand my ground against bigger, tougher bullies. One afternoon at a bar some guy was being a jerk so I challenged him. Got the ever loving Hell beat out of me for it.”
I climbed in and stared down at the paper in my hands, which were shaking.
I opened Peter’s gift to find a large stuffed t-rex and three small stuffed stegosauruses. I love dinosaurs so those were the perfect thing to add to my stuffed animal collection. Pepper handed me a neatly wrapped box before cleaning up the tissue paper I had tossed out of Peter’s bag. I opened the box to find a beautiful scrapbook, several printed pictures, and scrapbooking supplies. That would keep me busy during the summer, especially if I had to move in with Dad. Happy handed me an envelope which contained a birthday card and a gift card to The Bean Tap.
I looked at Ned and raised my eyebrows.
“Nothing.” he grumbled “Leave me alone, I have homework.”
“It’s ok”
He sighed
“What about him?” I asked
“His name is James Buchanan Barnes, but he goes by Bucky.”
I stood and walked to the door.
“That didn’t go well” Dad sighed
After dinner, I volunteered to do the dishes. I stood at the sink rinsing silverware when Tony walked in.
“You’re not going anywhere” Dad stood up from the couch
He trailed off. I waited for him to continue but he had a far away look in his eye.
“What about me?” I asked quietly, already knowing the answer
“You are very welcome. I am going to turn in for the evening, I trust you to behave?” Frigga turned to her sons
I recovered quickly and pushed all of my raging emotions down deep. Now wasn’t the time to bring up anything and I didn’t want to act suspicious. I walked up to my dad and gave him a hug, wrapping my arms around his neck as he pulled me to him tightly. I closed my eyes and for a moment it felt like it was just the two of us in the room. I felt tears form in my eyes and I blinked them away. I had so many questions for him, many I had already made up answers to which caused a slew of negative emotions. I held onto him for a minute longer, knowing that the hug might  be the last one we’d share. I finally let go and wiped my eyes before quickly going over to Clint to give him a hug.
“It’s acceptable”
“How are Tony and Peter?” he asked
“He asked me to have coffee with him, he said he’d wait until practice was over”
Tony handed me a small but long blue box that read Tiffany & CO on it. I gasped and took it, looking at it in awe. I opened the top of the box slowly and began to cry as I pulled out the heart and key necklace inside.
When we were back in the car I pulled my phone out of the clutch I carried with me. Four missed calls and six text messages from Dad. I sighed and Loki looked at me.
“We joined the Army together and he became the commanding officer of the sniper team, best in his class and probably all of the military history. You were born while he was on a mission during Desert Falcon and he made me promise to take care of you and Peggy until he came back.”
“Alright then”
“You are?” I questioned
“He’s a stranger” I protested
“What?” I asked in shock
“Yes, they had my brother at a late age. I was adopted a year later.”
“They left early” Ned said “I saw them walk by Chemistry with their backpacks.”
“That’s what I’ve been told”
“It’s based in late 1800’s California and it’s about a vampire who comes to America after his home in Spain is raided”
“Hey you” I said as I answered “Where were you today?”
“Let me tell you a story.” He leaned back against the bench and put his arm around my shoulders “You remember me telling you about my parents right?”
My eyes widened as he stepped toward me, holding out his phone. I took it, looking from his disgruntled face to the screen. The TMZ website was opened and pictures from my adventure with Loki last night had been posted. I examined them closely, seeing Loki’s hand under my skirt as we played tongue tag. My face reddened with embarrassment. Our family was always susceptible to being snapped by the paparazzi, with Tony being a billionaire and Dad having the status he did in the military. We weren’t famous by any means, but our names were out there enough to have the tabloids fill their slow news day with the goings on in our life.
Tony continued grilling Loki throughout the meal. I could tell he was getting tired of the questions, but he remained polite and answered them.
“You’re suspended.”
“Ellie” Natasha began as she came to sit next to me “Honey, where were you? We were so worried.”
“I’m just saying, Steve. You want to split this family up for some broken toy that you aren’t even sure feels the same way about you”
I stepped inside and instantly felt my face become red with humiliation. The living room was full of people and my dad was pacing frantically back and forth across the room. He froze when he saw me, several emotions crossing his face all at once. He slowly crossed his arms over his chest but made no other movement.
“Hello.” he replied and I was taken aback by his accent
“I had a feeling this was where you were heading”
I stood there silently for a moment, not knowing what to say. MJ noticed and rolled her eyes. She pushed past me and into the room.
“Tony…” Dad sighed
“Oh my god” Peter laughed “You are double screwed.”
“El? You alright?” he asked
“By the way, kid, if you’re going to be having sleepovers with boys now shouldn’t we at least meet them?”
“You have his eyes.” Dad said fondly “I loved his eyes”
“Peter, I don’t know what to tell you, Son. There’s some grown up things going on between your father and I right now but I promise that everything is going to be okay. I love you.”
“Ellie…” Dad looked at me with sorrowful eyes “I’m doing what’s best for you right now, I know you don’t think so but I’m a bit older and wiser than you are--”
“Actually, if you don’t mind I’d just like to go for a walk. I’ll come to you.”
“It’s lovely”
“Eleanor wake up!” My little brother’s voice squeaked as he poked my slumbering body
“I’m not dumb, you know”
“I can imagine it’s hard” I corrected myself “But it isn’t fair to your mother to leave her like that.”
We were sitting in traffic and I had been quiet ever since I got into his car. I picked at the hem of my dress, having not heard his question.
“You don’t have to.”
“It’s okay” I tried
The bell rang and we both looked slightly sad about study hall being over. Neither of us actually studied but it had felt nice to be able to talk to someone else about our problems.
“Glad I’m not Steve’s kid” MJ said as she popped some sour gummies into her mouth
“Tony, I don’t think that’s a question we shoul--” Pepper tried to intervene
“Just what we need. More jocks.” I said with an eye roll “So what are we doing today?”
“I am.” Tony said as he shoved clothes into a duffle bag
“I’m hanging in there. Thor and I are talking about what’s to happen next”
“Go without me, I’ll get there eventually.” I said, swatting at his hand
I felt a lump in my throat as I listened to his story
I grabbed Flash by the back of his arm and spun him around. Instead of giving him a chance to react, I moved my arm back and punched him square in the face.
“You’re late,” he said looking up at my disheveled self and giving me a pained look
“Do you?” He turned to look at me with narrowed eyes
“I have time” he smiled
“Oh.” I blinked
“You know, that’s just like you to ignore problems and hope they will just go away” Tony slammed his glass down on the table
He breathed out, recalling the memory.
When I arrived at the cafe Bucky was already waiting at a table for me. I sat down and ordered an omelette and a latte before sitting in awkward silence.  I hadn’t seen him since the first day I had met him and neither of us knew what to say.
“My birthday is Friday, and I was thinking about having a party.”
“Come in” I grumbled when he knocked on my bedroom door
I made my way down the block and disappeared around the corner. I glanced over my shoulder and saw him pushing his way through the crowd of people. I continued on and eventually he caught up to me but didn’t say anything. Instead he just followed me, a step behind, until I ended up where I wanted to be. Twenty minutes and several blocks later we were inside Central Park.
I shrugged as I sat down on a bench. I always liked going to the park, it felt like a magical forest to me. Once I was inside, away from the people and the buildings,with the hundreds of trees and bridges masking the city, it really felt like a different world.  Dad sat next to me and we both looked out over the grass field in front of us.
“Yep.”
“For now.” I replied
“Oh..I suppose” Frigga looked at Loki with suspicion
“Yeah, I just finished dinner. Do you want to come over?”
“Steve…” Tony groaned “We were having a nice night”
Being in the kitchen with Tony that night was a lot of fun and it reminded us of better times when we were all a happy family, just Dad wasn’t there this time. Tony cranked up some classic rock and we danced around the kitchen like fools while making dinner just like we used to do.
was now in possession of the very same particles that Howard had tried his damndest to replicate before Hank Pym's dramatic departure from SHIELD. And given the combined brainpower between Bruce, Peter, and himself, Tony had little doubt that they would be able to eventually crack the formula and produce their own.
"So, like I said, my father was also an Air Corps pilot, and, like many pilots, he was rather highly regarded in society. And because of that high regard, it was… shall I say,
Steve thought.
There seemed to be a lot of that going around lately.
Steve thought as his eyes swept across his teammates, all waiting expectantly for him to give the word.
“Oh, I know,” says Peter.  “I watched you win two gold medals on ‘em!”
"If that is indeed the case, Mr Chairman, perhaps it would've been better to have simply asked for our presence rather than serving us with subpoenas the moment we disembarked from a family vacation?"
"And I second that notion, Rogers," added Colonel Phillips. "If not quite all of the sentiment behind it."
In comparison to
Out of the corner of his eye, Peter watched as Gwen glanced back at him, whispering a concerned, "Are you okay?" as soon as Ms Warren's back was turned. He gave a quick nod in response, earning one of her
It was that reason that Steve and Tony had refused Peter's numerous requests to officially join the Avengers. While they were both impressed by Peter's abilities as Spider-Man, the name he'd coined for himself after his genetic mutation was discovered, participating in closed training sessions with the team was a far cry from going on an actual mission. Steve and Tony had informed Peter that once he turned eighteen they would reevaluate his position on the team, and while Peter hadn't been very pleased with that decision, as far as Steve and Tony were concerned, it was final.
Steve shook his head, wishing very badly that he could hit a rewind button or something. "I told you, I wasn't—wait… you think Stark is hot?"
Setting his notebook down on his lap, Peter sucked in a raggedy breath and closed his eyes. He'd skipped his usual early afternoon snooze that day in the hopes that Steve would show up, but by the time he'd decided that Steve wasn't coming it was almost dinnertime, which meant that if Dad was going to visit it would be within the next half an hour or so. Peter was still looking forward to the time when Dad and Steve could show up together, maybe even sometime after curfew since Steve could act as Dad's military escort. Steve had promised Peter that he was going to tell Dad about his visits soon and Peter believed him, but he wasn't going to bug him about it. Grandpa had bugged and poked and prodded Dad about just about everything while Peter was little, and after watching their already sucky relationship deteriorate even further as he got sicker and sicker, Peter was determined never to do that to Dad.
There's no way he's going to be responsible for leaving a young boy fatherless.  Especially after growing up fatherless himself.
"By your predecessors and Nick Fury, Senator."
“Wh-what?” Tony manages through his clattering teeth.  “S-Steve?  Wh-what?”
Tony gasped as the house came into view. Steve had obviously arranged for it to get a new paint job and some new landscaping as well, as it looked almost brand-new as Sam pulled into the driveway.
"Uh huh."
"Why not?" asked Mr Stacy. "If these Avengers are living in my precinct, then I think these are questions that I deserve to have answered."
Steve smiled even wider, revealing his dimple. "Yes, I'm sure you're right. That probably means that I should polish my shield on the way there, hmm?"
try and bring that up right now, Steve," he warned, his voice rising with every word. He got to his feet, curling his fingers around his left arm as he started pacing back and forth. "Don't you
"Yeah, that makes sense. But it still sucks."
So instead he brought Steve's left hand to his lips, kissing the wedding ring on his finger.
And then it got pushed back again after all of HYDRA's wanna-be super soldiers started coming out of the woodwork, forcing Tony to channel all of his attention into developing his nanites.
“So… what, bud, hmm?” Tony says.  He holds out his hand, his eyes twinkling as Peter grabs onto it and hoists himself up.  “We’ll get some food into you and you’ll be just fine.”
"What does that mean?" snapped Steve. "Please excuse my tone, Colonel, but I would very much appreciate it if you could explain yourself right now. Sir."
he thought as he carried the steaming mug down to his bedroom, rapping gently on the door before stepping inside. He found Tony propped up against his pillows, wearing one of Steve's zippered sweatshirts with his tablet resting on his chest as he dozed. Setting down the mug, Steve touched the backs of his fingers first to Tony's forehead, then his cheek, relieved when his skin didn't seem to be any hotter than it had been earlier. The rasp in his breathing was still there, but thankfully it wasn't any worse either.
his inner voice suddenly whispered.
"Yeah, I kinda figured that out," Peter snapped, guilt slapping him in the face when Gwen's face fell. He really had no right to be upset with her, especially when he already spent nearly every weekend away from her and was gone for three weeks in Ireland over the summer, including his sixteenth birthday.
Slowly, and under protest, Steve peeled his eyelids open, blinking rapidly in the still-bright sunlight as he tried to brace himself to face his harsh reality once again.
"Control, this is Phoenix One," Steve said, exactly on the forty-five second mark. "On my way back to the barn."
Steve frowned as he stepped off the Quinjet onto the semi-frozen steppe, the slight
Not at all what Steve had expected from the so-called Merchant of Death.
"Tony," Rogers repeated as he held out his hand. "My friends call me Steve."
"Yeah, little guy, I'm fine," Steve answered. "Dad and I just—"
"Peter!" Steve suddenly exclaimed as he pulled Peter into a careful hug. "Oh my God, little guy, it's so good to hear your voice again!"
"I don't think we've ever stopped, sweetheart," Steve said with a laugh. He leaned down, pecking Tony quickly on the lips. "Which is just fine with me, by the way."
"Copy that," Clint and Natasha said simultaneously.
For a moment, Steve was again too stunned to speak. Their team had been talking for months about removing the Tesseract from Earth because Thor had believed it too dangerous to have that many of the infinity gems on Earth, when all along there was another one located only a few miles away from their home.
Tony shook his head, tears welling in his exhausted eyes.  Yes, they needed to focus on finding Steve, and as soon as possible.  But there was a bit more to it than that.
"We're just about ready here, babe," Tony said as Peter zipped up his backpack. "Am I driving, or are you?"
"Yes," answered Steve. "We need Thanos to personally retrieve it."
him… oh God, I don't—I couldn't take it, Tony, there's just no
here!  Nothing’s gonna hurt you!”
Padding down the hallway, Steve poked his head around Peter's slightly open door, breathing a slight sigh of relief when he saw that he was in fact sleeping peacefully. A lump rose in Steve's throat as he watched the steady rise and fall of Peter's chest and the relaxed line of his shoulders, such a sharp contrast to the rigid, hands-tightly-clenched position that he often assumed right before the nightmares hit, progressing only seconds later to screaming and thrashing and flailing, and all the while ripping Steve and Tony's hearts to shreds.
And now here he was, not only trading jabs with said pilots, but about to marry another. The pilot who not only saved their planet, he also completely stole Tony's heart.
"Thank you, Papa," Peter murmured. "This is perfect." While the hoodie was still a very poor substitute for one of his father's hugs, it would do well enough until he could come back.
"Uhh, what're they talking about?" he asked, suppressing the shudder that followed. Peter was sixteen already, and therefore deserved at least some measure of privacy, but—
just picturing the look of resigned horror on Papa's face was enough to turn Peter's stomach, not to mention how freaked out Dad was going to be.
"Oh, God!" Steve rasped, squeezing his eyes closed as the tears streamed down his cheeks. This was his worst fear coming true, right in front of his eyes. He had always known that there was no way Tony would have left the Afghanistan desert if Peter hadn't survived, had always known how much of Tony's happiness was tied to their precious boy's life.
But while Tony was able to fall asleep rather quickly once they climbed into bed, Steve found himself lying awake deep into the night, unable to calm his troubled mind. The day had been a welcome distraction from the self-imposed stress he'd been under lately, but now that it was over, all of it had come roaring back with a vengeance. His optimistic words aside, Steve was not only worried about Tony, who seemed even worse now than he'd been following the Battle of New York, but Peter as well. He and Tony were just so much alike, and it was like clockwork that whenever Tony was particularly stressed out, so was Peter. His perceptiveness never allowed him to not notice when one or both of his dads were struggling.
A flash of anger shot through Steve, and he was just about to retort when he felt Tony's fingers curl around his wrist.
Papa smiled, ruffling Peter's hair. "You gonna start your homework once we get upstairs?"
"I've already got it, Tones," Rhodey said as Sam took out yet another Chitauri warrior, sending him careening into the outer hull of the ship. "Target is locked, waiting on your mark."
Gathering up all of his books and loose papers, Peter stacked them neatly next to his laptop and headed towards the living room, arriving just as the elevator doors opened to reveal Uncle Bucky. Peter immediately smiled at the sight of him, even as he felt a pang of sadness at the tentative, almost embarrassed expression on Uncle Bucky's face. He had been living in the Tower for over a year already, but it still often seemed—or at least seemed so to Peter—as if Uncle Bucky still couldn't believe that he was allowed to live there, much less interact with the rest of their family.
"Yeah, for about an hour. Thanks." Tony didn't add that he hadn't been able to get back to the hospital since then, having been swamped during the days and working through the night the past three nights trying to input all of Peter's code into his computer. Rhodey had even found him there just the previous morning right after the end of the blackout period, passed out cold on top of Peter's incredible drawing of the mother bird and her three chicks.
Peter breathed out a slight sigh of relief. "Well, that's good. Then… what? What're you so afraid of?"
"Mmm, no bet," Steve said through a mouthful of eggs. Pretty much any new aircraft turned out to be the best thing he'd ever flown so… "And besides, I'm pretty sure that you're still about a hundred or so short on your tab, so—"
Footsteps that came to an abrupt stop directly outside of Steve’s cell.  Clenching his jaw, Steve slowly peeled his eyes open to find an older-looking man wearing a white lab coat and holding a clipboard, eyeing him through the front window of the cell as though he were some kind of experimental lab rat.
"What the…
Tony tried to hold off his impending climax, if only because he wanted Steve to let go with him. But the torturously sweet combination of Steve's cock thrusting inside him and Steve's nimble fingers curled around his own was too much for him to handle, and he cried out as he came, gasping and shuddering and still clinging to Steve's neck with their foreheads pressed tightly together. Steve followed only a second or two later, his face twisted into such exquisite pleasure that an aftershock rippled through Tony's body that was almost as strong as his orgasm.
"But with the arc reactor, he should probably get checked out, don't you think?" Peter asked, his sweet brown eyes wide with worry. "But let me guess. Dad said no, right?"
"Damnit Quill, just keep your flytrap shut!" Dad yelled. "Stand down! We've almost got this off!"
"Sam, focus your fire on the left flank!" James called as he came up on the thing's right side. "Take it out!"
"Yes, yes, ready to jump right back into things, that's what I like to hear," O'Brien said. "And the skies over our beloved country are much safer with you up there, of that I have no doubt. I just have a few quick questions before I dismiss you, Captain, if you don't mind."
"Tony, please!" Papa cried, the pure agony in his voice causing tears to well in Peter's eyes as something metal crashed against something else metal that sounded a lot like Papa's shield. "You know me! You know there's no way that I'd ever—!"
His kid probably attends some snobby elite prep school too.  Growing up in Brooklyn, Steve came across plenty of kids with parents like that.  And he can just see one of those parents hunting him down simply because he’s a semi-recognisable name.
"Ha ha ha."
"Okay, please let this work!" Peter muttered as he silently counted the seconds in his head, ducking his head and rolling just in time to avoid crashing into the sand covering the shore of the island. He rolled to a stop, quickly shaking the repulsors from his limbs before they could burn through his suit.
items and headed towards the back, smiling as Ashes poked her cute whiskered nose from out behind the door.
"Do you really think that I've never fought a battle? Are you so arrogant to assume that no one else has ever fought for something that they considered vital?" He stepped forward, entering Dad's personal space, who, despite being several centimetres shorter, proudly stood his ground. "You do realise that Thanos might very well be waiting for us when we arrive at our destination, and if that is the case, that my vow to not allow the Time Stone to fall into his hands absolutely must stand firm. You have to understand that if it comes down to saving you, or the kid, or the Time Stone, that I will not hesitate to let either of you die. I can't, because the fate of the universe depends on it."
An attempt that failed, just as spectacularly as he had down in Wakanda.
"No!" Steve exclaimed, a bit too loudly when Tony flinched. "No," he repeated, a bit gentler this time. "I'm just… are you sure about this? I mean, it's been so long, and I—" He broke off, dropping his gaze to where his dog tags hung from their chain around Tony's neck, framing the mass of scars on his chest where the arc reactor once was.
"Hey," Steve said as he handed Tony his plate. "You're being awfully quiet, are you okay?"
"Sure seems that way, buddy," Tony answered. "Looks like we did okay."
"Uhh, well… is he?" asked Peter. "I mean, I know he was before he crashed into the ice, so—"
“Please, sweetheart,” he said, panting as he rolled his hips again, his cock already so hard it was aching.  “Please, I want you to fuck me.  I've never—and I want you to be my first.”
He'd really done it this time.
"Captains Wilson and Barnes offered to drive me home, Captain," said Sharon. "I'll stop by in the morning to check on Peter before my shift at the hospital, okay?"
"Tony, are you seeing this?"
"Yeah, I kinda figured that out," she said. "We good to go?"
“S’eve?” Steve hears from beneath his chin, followed almost immediately by a massive shudder.  “S’eve, wha—?”
"Nope, I've been standing here the whole time," Peter said. He gave Tony a rather eager smile. "Are you really gonna build one of those nanotech suits for me?"
"Some of 'em," agreed Tony. "He ended up telling Sam later on that he thought they might've been trigger words or something like that. Words his handlers used when they needed him to go on a new mission."
Peter's shoulders sagged as he nodded. "I know, and I'm sorry, okay? I was really looking forward to my birthday party too, so… I guess I'm in a bit of a bad mood." He instinctively raised his right hand to scratch at his nose, jumping at Ned's sharp intake of breath.
to try to imply, and I—I almost lost it, but—"
a sympathetic look. "Sir, I do not envy you in preparing for those court martials. Those are gonna be some real doozies."
Steve sat back as the waitress arrived with their drinks, running his finger along the rim of the glass that she set in front of him and trying to ignore the thundering beat of the music that filled the pub. He'd never been one for such loud music, but the location hadn't been his choice. That had fallen on Sam's shoulders.
"Magic!" Peter said as he disappeared into another portal, emerging to find the maroon cloak wrapping itself around the gauntlet.
Steve huffed, wracking his exhausted mind for possible reasons why the Chitauri would suddenly cease their offensive. Any decent attacking army would first conduct reconnaissance, and therefore would know that the main SHIELD building would be mostly vacant after business hours. The only people who would still be in the building would be the overnight security people, who were responsible for guarding—
Steve’s lips twitched as he attempted to focus his eyes directly on the man, hoping he could convey even a fraction of the contempt he was feeling.
"Oh, we are, are we?" Tony snapped. "And what the hell is that supposed to mean?"
"They don't know how to see it," grumbled Uncle James. "No one knows how to goddamn see it, that's the problem. And I can't get anyone who'd actually know anything off of their goddamn golf courses long enough to come to the phone!"
Panic flashed through Steve, just for a second before he was able to squash it down. There hadn't been so much as even a flicker of trouble since they'd landed in Italy four days ago, and Peter was with three of their team members who Steve knew would protect him with their lives if it came down to it.
"We will do it, Captain," Pietro finished, earning himself a
That was two.
"Fury did," Natasha cut in. "Bruce, just do it please."
"Steve?" Tony repeated, pausing a few steps in to toss his hand towel in the general direction of the laundry hamper. "I thought Fury already told you that we didn't need to worry about it?"
"Rough afternoon?" Bucky laughed, pushing the letter back towards him.
"Really? I wanna see Hulk and and Iron Man. Please please please" AJ bounced off the sofa, landing precariously on the floor before running and throwing his hands around Clint's middle, hugging his hip hard.
"Fuck Nat come on we talked about this. I loved you, I still love you. More than any other woman I have ever had in my life and we realised early on didn't we that we would kill each other if we continued. We would have torn bigger and bigger pieces from the other until we were just machines, that did the job and fucked afterwards because why not. I would never have left you." Clint had pretty much lost all momentum when he saw the tears in Nat eyes. Sinking back into his chair he wiped his own face, pointedly ignoring the rest of the table he wheeled the chair next to Nat's and pulled her into his lap.
"She went back to Ireland roughly a decade ago where she now owns a pub in Cork. Since she has kept her nose clean and all the jobs she took where of people who needed to be eradicated anyway SHIELD has left her alone." Phil broke in.
The door opened and Clint groaned loudly, he had called Tony and not even thought about the consequences. The common floor was dotted with various avengers, Bruce was the only one missing, probably asleep or meditating or something. They were all "busy" but it was clear they were only trying to look that way. Steve and Bucky were freshly showered and making one of their god-awful protein shakes. Someone really ought to tell them that it doesn't take more than one person to work a blender, no matter how old you are or how much you are trying to look like you aren't being nosy. Tony was tapping away next to a serene Nat who was reading slower than Clint had ever seen her. Thor sat closest to the elevator, his hammer spinning idly around his wrist by the length of leather that adorned the end. The only one of the group who actually looked like he was waiting for Clint, or something to happen at least. Thor often became a little melancholy after fights, he liked them to go on longer, forgetting that his Midgardian counterparts  didn't have the same levels of stamina. Phil leaned casually against the marble counter top, sipping coffee. Their eyes met and Clint felt better almost instantly. They had been dating on and off for years, always there for the other whether it be rescues or support. They had been in love longer but had kept it a secret for years, playing to their inner coward at the possibility of messed up friendships, missions and life in general. When Phil had almost died at the hands of Loki, Clint had had enough of keeping his thoughts to himself regarding Phil. The first words he said when his best friend/part time lover awoke had been the immortal declaration of love and since they had been closer than ever.
"This from the man who waxes lyrical about the subway system, what's up?"
Once the Coulson-Barton contingent left, the room seemed to lighten.
Tapping the phone against his forehead a few times, Clint debated his options. The Avengers had probably gone back to the tower. The fight had long been over and it was probably easier to access his buildings security footage from the tower anyway.
A small limo pulled into the street a few minutes later, Clint moved to the curb, a little hand clasped in his. Aware that he had to be a responsible adult, Clint held onto his fear hard. Freaking out would not help at all, at least whilst he didn't have backup. AJ scrambled up onto the leather seat before Clint even said anything when the door opened, sliding in next to him. Clint thanked Happy for coming to get him and settled in for the drive back to Manhattan.
"Happy's in Crown Heights. 20 Minutes" The call clicked off.
"All I wanna do is make love to you" Tony murmured his eyes on Clint as he tapped away, never let it be said Tony Stark couldn't type without looking on a smart screen.
"I don't think we will be able to see the hulk buddy, why don't you pack up your DS and I'll get us some pizza when we get there okay?" AJ raced to follow the instructions, slinging his back pack back on and almost tangling himself up in the process. Stifling a chuckle Clint checked he had the letter, photos, phone and keys before gesturing the boy back out into the hall.
he thought, trying to rustle up his waning courage.
"Yes, but the pager's really too old for Hill to be carrying," Natasha said. She paused, looking intently at Steve. "Bruce and I both think it belonged to Fury."
And then Winter Soldier turned on his heel and walked away, with the rest of the image dissolving into pixels as soon as he was out of sight. Silence fell across both the anteroom and inside the panic room, with nobody daring to move until Sam finally quirked an eyebrow in question.
"Ah, there should be plenty of it," Grandpa said dismissively. "The military never discloses exact numbers of anything to anyone who's not one of 'em. There'll be enough."
"All right, fine," he finally said, low and tight. "But just be aware that Pete's watching you, and he's gonna see you not handling things and he's gonna remember it, 'cause that kid never forgets anything. Well, 'cept where he keeps his glasses. And his backpacks, and his pencils, and—"
Tony's brown eyes sparkled as he finally gave Steve the smile he'd been needing to see.
"No," Steve said simply. "We are not."
But he still does.  Because pain or not, and no matter what Brock liked to snarl at him, Steve Rogers is not a quitter.
"I need to know if the range of the defence drones is long enough to visualise coastal Georgia."
"Yeah, well, since when are history books completely accurate?" Gwen said, her green eyes twinkling. "It must be nice to get all the answers to your questions right from the source instead of a book."
"Copy that, Cap," answered Sam.
of Pepper’s stiletto heels, audible even on the carpeted hallway.
"Tony, please talk to me," Steve whispered into the semi-darkness of Peter's room. Peter had fallen asleep not too long after Helen had gotten him fixed up and he'd had something to eat, but it was a very fitful sleep, filled with whimpers and jerks and the occasional cry for help that if Steve hadn't been there along with him, Tony wasn't sure if he'd be able to handle it. He had been trying to project the façade that he was perfectly fine for so long while Steve had been wrestling with his own demons, that now he was afraid if he let his guard down for even a second, he would just collapse into a huge puddle of goo.
"Well, I'd personally take Peter's enthusiastic appetite as a compliment," said Steve. "Now, where do you need me?"
In fact, Peter could already beat Papa in arm wrestling at least half the time, and Dad was figuring that Peter's strength would only increase as he continued to grow.
"Uhh…" Steve stammered. From what he could tell, T'Challa didn't appear to be upset. More like… curious.
"Well, all right then, Tony," said Steve. "Shall we head outside?"
“Yeah, honey, I know,” said Tony.  “But it was an accident.  I know you didn't mean it.”
"Time to squash the spider!" Thanos sneered as Dad flew towards them, only to be knocked backwards by the purple Power Stone, slamming him into Drax and Dr Strange.
“Yeah.”  Tony ran his palm down his face, scratching at an itchy spot under his jaw.  “I’ve… ah… I’ve got kind of a different assignment for you.”
"I'll make sure whoever studies it reports directly to Helen Cho, okay?" Natasha said. "Would that help?"
"Shuri's right, little guy," Steve forced out. He could tell that his own neck and cheek were covered with similar blisters, but there was no way in hell he was going to leave Tony's side at the moment. "Just… let her take care of you, okay?"
want to be traipsing through the common living areas and hallways in his current state of need. Thanks to JARVIS, Tony's suit flew them directly up to their private door, with Steve grabbing onto Tony's undershirt just as soon as his armour started to dissolve.
He’s deflecting.  And they both know it.
"Steve!" Tony cried as Steve stroked him, gripping his hip with his other hand as Tony's movements began to falter. "Honey, I'm—!"
"No!" Tony yelled. "No more!" He sucked in a deep, shaky breath, pressing his palm to his thudding heart. "I need to get back to the base."
“Think we should get him to bed?” Tony asked, waggling his eyebrows.  “‘Cause I might be kinda
"Yeah, they do," answered Steve, wincing at the sharp pang that struck his gut at the thought. Peter had introduced Steve to Star Wars the very day that they returned from Afghanistan, almost five years—
“All right,” Steve says after a short pause.  He and Tony do work really well in tandem, as the Battle of New York and their previous HYDRA raids have shown.
"Here you are, Mr Stark," stated the burly military officer as he pulled to a stop in front of a small three-bedroom house, lit only by the pale light of the moonbeams streaking through the clouds. Tony scowled as he gathered up his pile of books and notes and pulled his handlamp from his jacket pocket, trying not to think about just how many credits the military was wasting by escorting him home when he could've just as easily driven himself.
And if that was the case, the question then became,
🔥 = this was so hot/ sweet!
"Yes, it is, Quill," said Tattooed Guy. "You were afraid to speak to him because he threatened your manhood."
He was cut off by Sam's hand on his elbow, gently but firmly guiding him to sit down. "Sorry, Steve, but I'm not gonna buy that one tonight," he said, shaking his head. His eyes flicked over to Tony, who gave a brief nod and left the room. Sam watched him go, then leaned back against the couch, crossing his legs. "Now, you look like you've had a bit of a rough night, so why don't we just get started, okay?"
"Hmph," Tony scoffed, tightening his grip. "You can skip one day, can't you?"
version of Steve Rogers as he struts out onto the pool deck before his race.
Tony had just opened his mouth to offer his own quip in reply when Thanos suddenly emerged from a battalion of Chitauri at least five warriors deep on all sides, carrying some kind of double-bladed weapon that was almost as long as he was tall. Tony's upper lip curled into a sneer as he watched the ugly purple beast meander his way out onto the battlefield like he owned the fucking thing, the Space and Reality stones still glowing brightly in the golden gauntlet that covered his entire left hand and forearm.
"My prince, are you all right?"
Whew!  Hopefully all three of our boys can start their healing processes now 💗
"I'm sure my father would feel better if there was a chaperone too," said Gwen. "Sounds great!"
the monster yelled directly into Peter's mind, its stomping footsteps causing the wall to vibrate beneath Peter's fingertips as he squeezed his eyes closed, fighting the urge to clap his hands over his ears even as he knew it wouldn't do any good.
I can’t wait to see what you guys think!  Please don’t hesitate to leave me a comment! 😊
to the base of his spine, and everything went black.
"The roof," Tony muttered, hoping that Sam would be able to figure out what he meant. If they could blow a hole in the roof and escape through it, that would force the suits out into the open in order to chase them, giving the non-flyers more room to scatter and take cover.
Beck's face dropped a bit but recovered quickly, giving Tony another wide smile. "So far we've only tested it in a few medical students, 'cause they're usually eager to sign up for testing stuff like this. But like I said in the proposal, there really are limitless possibilities with this tech. I mean, you could use it as a training program for fighter pilots, for example, or to learn how to drive, operate any kind of machinery. I mean, really, the sky's pretty much the limit."
"Oh, shit!" Peter cried as he dropped down, curling his fingers into the damp sand and spreading it over his body up to his neck. He held his breath as the machine flew overhead, letting it out in little puffs when its course didn't alter even a millimetre.
"Phoenix One and Two, most of that fire is aiming directly at ya, so you two get your asses out of the atmosphere ASAP!" screamed Colonel Phillips. "You hear me? ASAP!"
"Yeah, yeah, then quit your yapping already. Pete's tired."
"I would," Thor said as he suddenly appeared next to Steve. "I will wield the gauntlet."
Tony nodded, offering a quick, "Thanks, J," before smooshing his face back into the pillow, wishing like hell that JARVIS didn't have to make such a distinction.
Peter stared up at the clock above the classroom door, watching as the second hand slowly ticked its way around. He'd been staring at it for so long that the numbers were starting to blur together, but seeing as it was his last class of his last day of his junior year of high school, he didn't want to be caught off-guard when the bell rang.
“Then what’s the problem?” Peter cried as a single fat tear snaked its way down his round cheek.  “Daddy, we can’t just leave him there all alone!  Please!  We just can’t do it!”
of her head slamming into the concrete floor, then she wouldn't go, and that wouldn't be fair to her. Gwen was brilliant, and she deserved the best opportunities that she could find. And if that meant taking one that took her across the ocean from him, then Peter would just have to learn how to deal with it.
"Yes," said Dr Strange, far too calmly for Steve's taste. "As I told you, I am its protector."
Steve huffed, but nodded anyway. He had already clocked over a hundred miles that week alone, all while completely brushing off Tony's concerns about his stupid bum foot and the fact that he'd been up before four in the morning for the past three days, which was early even for him. But all that those logged miles had managed to do was force him into buying three new pairs of running shoes, none of which were helping him to sleep any better.
"Yeah, we know him," Blaster Guy said, scowling as he glanced over at Green Lady. "Tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving."
And maybe it was, if by some minute chance things didn't go the way they had planned.
bad dream.
“He was in the Army, Dad,” Peter stated.  “From when he was eighteen years old till just a few months ago.  And what he said was that even though the whole Don't Ask, Don't Tell thing had been repealed, it still really wasn't safe for people like him to be out in the open, especially in the kind of unit he was in.  So I took that to mean that he’s gay, and that he had to hide it until he got out.”
Dr Strange raised a skeptical eyebrow, glancing between Peter and Dad. "You're telling me that your son… is an Avenger?"
"Sir, there's an incoming call from Agent Barton," JARVIS said. "And it is marked as urgent."
"Mr Beck is still speaking to the gentleman from Human Resources, sir," said JARVIS. "However, Mr Hogan is standing by to escort Mr Beck off the premises as soon as their discussion is concluded."
"And it's not like I need reminding about how awful Thanos is," stated Tony. "Not when he's been inside my head ever since the Battle of New York! But, on that note, the ship has already self-corrected its course from the hull breach, which must mean it's on autopilot."
As if he were on automatic pilot Steve took one step, then another, emboldened by the look in Tony's eyes as they locked with his own, followed directly by the biggest smile Steve had ever seen lighting up his beautiful face. As soon as he was within reach, Steve reached for Tony's hands, clasping them as tightly as he dared as Tony shot him a wink.
'You like albino peacocks. Also, you are not taking an albino peacock home.'
'You know,' Bucky said, a few days later. 'If you go through with this, you're not going to be able to keep wearing that shirt.'
‘What’s going on with you and Tony Stark?’ She asked, abruptly. Steve had not been expecting this.
And if the heat didn't kill him, the shame would. Sure, Ron presumably got the same employee package as everyone else: great insurance and benefits, long service awards, performance bonuses, a card on special birthdays, flowers sent to the house for special anniversaries and a batch of non-disclosure agreements thick enough to paper a wall with; but it was
'Alright,' Steve said. 'I'll get us some more coffee.'
Bed had rarely been a more appealing prospect for Steve.
'Right there.' The clerk barely looked at him, waving to shelving unit on his right and continuing on his way. So it was the boxes after all. This did not help very much either.
'You mean sweeping floors? Cleaning toilets?'
'So?'
'No.'
At last, he found one. Breathing shakily he looked out.
'Bullshit! You say it's public knowledge, there must be headlines and write ups, you didn't need to
'Oh crap, crap, crap,' Barnaby said, helping him to his feet. 'I'm so sorry, James, I knew he'd go off if he saw us but I just wanted to – I couldn't
'He got friendly with Peg during her last semester,' Bucky explained. 'He had lunch with us a couple of times, he was at her goodbye party and stuff. I don't think any of us have really spoken to him since she left, though.'
'Sure,' Tony answered, twisting the fabric more tightly in his hand. Hell. How did one even start a conversation like this?
'Can I get it for you?' Steve asked. She shook her head.
'You sick son of a bitch,' Tony said, walking over to the cell bars. For once, he didn't veil his insult in sarcasm or wit, just said viciously, 'We ought to string you up.'
Before they even reached the staircase, Peter was stirring. Steve drew to a halt.
'Do not tell them that,' Steve said, dragging Bucky through the thick scented curtain and into the bar itself.
Selection – The right of selecting a partner lies solely with the wealthy party, who will seek out needy but deserving partners for their children; often with an extensive set of criteria. In the past, it was seen as extremely bad etiquette for a poor family to overtly approach a wealthy family to offer a child in marriage, often compared to
'Steve, good,' Bucky said, brusquely. 'Go round up the stragglers, would you?'
Steve must have sensed weakness, because he added, 'He idolises you. You're his hero.'
Silence. Steve and Tony looked at each other again.
'James,' she replied, going back into the living room. Steve watched her go, a little bemused. Tony must have told her about him, but how she had pieced it all together from the little information she had, he did not know. Then, from behind him and above him, there was a sharp intake of breath. Steve whirled round and beamed.
Steve shrugged. 'I thought about saying something a few times, but there didn't seem to be much point. And every time I thought about saying something I'd remember Bucky's face and...'
'Shut up,' said Peter, even though it was rude. This computer was very annoying.
'Yes, sir.'
'This is ridiculous,' Tony said, because it was. No-one disagreed. He wasn't even sure what was
‘Maybe they’re just sociable.’
'I'm not,' Steve said, shortly. 'I'm just going to go in that convenience store there, get a few things. I'll be right back.'
'You didn't,' Tony reminded him. 'I know you ruffled a few feathers in your time, Rogers.'
started blasting at top volume through every speaker in the tower, a festive 7AM alarm Tony had decided to set for the Avengers. He felt Steve freeze.
'Now then Stone,' he said, sounding quite genial. 'You stay nice and quiet, you hear? Or we'll find out how well you dance the hangman's jig.' He dropped Stone to the floor and the three of them retreated to the far side of the office. Steve's heart was pounding, and he couldn't help but keep looking over his shoulder.
Tony tried to speak, but all that came out was a super weird rasping sound. The probably-barista looked downright alarmed. Hastily, Tony cleared his throat –
It was his old room. 'Room' was a strong word; it was more of an alcove with a door, originally intended to hide the boiler that was plumbed into the wall at the foot of his bed. The door was standing open, letting him see out into the lounge. It was a view he'd seen a thousand times growing up, but not one he had ever expected to see again.
Steve snorted, a sound that Tony had learnt was his equivalent of a belly laugh. Steve was more of an amused-smile kind of guy, so when he made a noise, you knew you had really got him. 'I didn't think even you were that bad.'
Principles – and pride – were a luxury he could no longer afford. It was only dinner. It would be worth it.
'Fine. Then just tell me one thing. If she was here, young, pretty, ready to go ease those regrets of yours; would you? Would you choose me or her?'
That was the last conversation they had.
homophobic, but he was that generation. Was Pepper so mad she was deliberately sabotaging the best friendship Tony had? He opened his mouth to try and deny it, but Pepper steamrollered on.
A second later, they were alone. Still under the mistletoe. Steve was still holding his hand. For a moment longer, they still said nothing.
It hurt too much to look at Barnaby, or the beautiful garden that was so full of him and the lunch breaks and coffee breaks he must have spent here. So he looked at his feet.
'Because I'm not his dad.' Stark scoffed at that, but Steve spoke over him. 'I mean, he
'I wasn't! It wasn't anything about
'Maybe I thought I did. But it wasn't like this. It wasn't
The Youngest Ever to do Everything,
I just need to- to- please.' Tony begged, his voice broken. He was sobbing, weeping openly.
Tony drank. By the time he was half way through the second bottle, he was feeling better. He wasn't so hot. His head was still heavy, but it was no longer spinning, and the ground seemed to have settled beneath him. His throat wasn't so painful. Even his heart rate was more under control. He could almost remember the way back, like it was there in his head ready, but every time he tried to think of it the thought would slip away again.
'How did you get this?' Steve demanded. 'Turn it off!'
'There's still plenty that would rather we didn't,' Tony said.
'I'm afraid the Captain has requested that be covered by the privacy protocol, sir.'
'I'm sorry,' Steve said, seeming to notice the mess he'd made for the first time. 'Sorry, I just... sorry.'
Apparently it had. Around three in the morning, Peter had settled into what seemed like a peaceful sleep, and had woken up at 7.30, bright-eyed and raring to go. It was all Steve could do to keep him still long enough for the doctors to perform the various scans, tests and samples they needed to work out if he was really alright. By three in the afternoon, Peter was so bored he was literally doing somersaults on the bed.
'No. Well, no, not a brain thing, but...'
'That's a good point, actually. No-one knows you sang it first. Probably one of the composers sold it on to Eartha Kitt. Or she was there at the gala and saw you perform.'
'Good.' The gavel was tapped smartly on the bench. 'Court dismissed.'
Despite it being Christmas Eve, the streets were pretty quiet – it seemed they had caught it in the sweet spot between the last of the last minute shoppers dashing home and the first of the festive revellers coming out. Tony trotted along, focused on their destination, his hand in Steve's, the grip awkward between their thick gloves, but neither of them let go. After a few minutes, they turned into the comparative darkness of the park.
Steve snorted. 'Uh-huh, and how many are actually yours?'
They were dancing together at their wedding reception – their wedding reception! - and although the room was full of people, pretty much everyone Tony had ever cared for in his life, his attention was so focused on Steve that he could barely spare them a thought. He was too full of Steve, in his head and his heart and every last gram of him.
Steve just shook his head, unable to stop smiling. He would tell his mom the full story, but Tony deserved to know first.
'Cap, people have been saying that since I was two years old.' Tony put his foot down on the accelerator. He might as well embrace the image.
That said, unfortunately the same warning still applies in regards to updates. I have basically been writing this as a break from an original project I've hit a bit of a wall with; but once I am back on track with that this will have to go on the back seat. I hope that I can finish this fic eventually, but I make no promises as to quality or frequency of updates. Thanks again for your support, and sorry for being so flaky! >.<
'Uh... will they let men buy those?'
Steve started and blinked at Tony. His eyes were glassy, almost like he was tipsy too, or like he was about to cry.
'I want to open it!' He could practically see Peter vibrating with excitement.
'What's happened?'
'Maybe,' Steve said, glumly.
And then the sprinklers opened, and everything was drenched. Tony spluttered, and then laughed. Jarvis was undoubtedly back, and his relief was immense. Even as Steve came out, looking alarmed, to see what was going, Tony began to feel better. It was almost as if the water was waking him up after a long, long sleep, washing all of it away. He wasn't sure what the world was going to be like, without Venom. He wasn't sure what sort of man he would be.
, he said to the Tonys.
'Rift? What rift? You found the rift?'
Steve was quiet for a minute, pulling a hand roughly through his hair, looking haunted. 'And you
They counted together, in and out, trying to get his breathing under control. When Steve was sure the episode had passed, he took the mask off. Peter was immediately talking as if nothing had happened.
Bucky laughed. 'That poor guy doesn't know what he's letting himself in for. Did you manage to find out anything else about him?'
and they were right; and when the piss-bucket was full of blood, instead of taking it outside to empty it they kicked it over and it went everywhere.
‘Your hands?’
'It's Peter's playlist. The same thirty-four songs have been on a continous loop for the last two weeks, he insisted.'
'Fine.'
Midwives and doctors were waiting to meet them when they arrived; Richard had called ahead. They were whisked away into the depths of the hospital and Steve was left to sit, and wait, and pray.
'No ho-ho-homo,' Tony commented wryly, wrinkling his nose as he picked the remains of his work out of the coffee and tossed them in the trash. 'Well, that's a day's work down the drain.'
‘No. I don’t really know her very well.’
'What? We should call the police.'
, better than fine, better than he had ever felt his
'Can I offer you anything?' She asked, as Steve sat down in front of her desk. 'Tea? Coffee? This is early even for you.'
This wasn't fun any more. They'd searched the entire building, and the Captain hadn't let him kill anybody. They hadn't found Peter, and now the Captain was yelling.
Tony blinked at him. ‘Huh?’
to progress the conversation towards the point where the Captain was no longer wearing clothes. But that was a lost cause, for the moment. There was nothing less sexy than being reminded that his dad had existed.
Except for once a month, when Mother Nature came calling and here she was, sobbing in the bathroom, desperately throwing things out of the cupboard in the hope that a solitary tampon could be found. She couldn't go to the store bleeding everywhere, everyone would know. Even Jarvis' best orders wouldn't come through until at least tomorrow- no, it was already night, they wouldn't get the order until the morning and it wouldn't arrive until the following day. She was going to be trapped here in the bathroom, bleeding, constantly showering to try and avoid any of the grossness getting onto her skin-
Even Tony wasn't able to process this. On the one hand, it wasn't prison. On the other hand, Shield could do much worse to him. Clearly they had made the Venom intel public for this purpose. He glanced up into the gallery, looking for Steve, but it didn't give him any answers. From the mixed expression on Steve's face, Tony guessed his reaction was much the same as his own.
Here's the thing- Natasha Stark had never been the kind of girl to complain about her period.
'The usual,' Steve said, picking out a blue band for bisexual. He hesitated over the pink bands (
'Yeah. I'm sure Peter will tell you all about it when he wakes up.'
'Stark? Thanks. For everything.'
Tony listened to the whole thing, right until the awful moment when Steve's radio cut off. Then he listened to it again, and again, even though it hurt, even though as much as he knew Steve didn't die that day – he had the wedding ring to prove it – it really felt like it. It was, as Twitter said, heartbreaking. And romantic and all the rest that he didn't really want to think too much about. It was also, as Peter had said, deeply private. Tony rubbed a tired hand over his face. He had no idea how he was going to break this to Steve.
'Jarvis? Do a background check.'
. Even I would have noticed someone coming in and out of my house for four years!'
Steve was just about to reply when he heard more slithering next to him. He turned and saw Stark's flight suit was now in full flow, moving around and over him, like a snake coiling around prey. Stark made a little 'Oh' sound, and for a moment, Steve could see his eyes, full of fear and very, very human. Then his eyes were gone, swallowed up by the black tar that had climbed his neck, over the back of his head, up his chin, and was now oozing over his face, into his eyes and nose and mouth, until it consumed him completely.
'Anyway, it isn't really my choice. I'm not going to make Peter call me anything he doesn't want to,' Steve concluded.
'Steve? What's the matter?' Peter asked, trying to ignore the twisty, sick feeling in his guts that he knew had nothing to do with the forward rolls.
Are you crazy?!'
was going to die.
Tony had seen old newsreels, of course. But the thing about those was, they were all staged. Of course they hadn't had the cameras out on the actual battle fields as Cap led the Commandos to attack Hydra. They'd just re-enacted those bits later on. Cap had always seemed a little embarrassed in the fight scenes, and had been holding back, going through the motions and trying not to hurt the extras playing Nazis. This was completely different.
It was absolute nonsense, but Tony had gone away delighted, and Steve had felt guilty ever since. But even so, he hadn’t wanted to forget what he said. So there he was, making a list (
, I want to help, and that means knowing what we're dealing with.'
There was a kiss to Tony's temple, soft and sweet, and the hand left his hair. Tony kept his eyes shut a little longer, hoping, but he knew, somehow, that Steve was gone. He let himself wake up, then, his eyes opening to an empty room, and he wept and wept until his head ached and he had sobbed himself back to sleep.
'Sorry, I mean, thank you Miss Friday.'
He left the office and walked off down the hall. He wasn't going to go back to Peter just yet. Not until he'd found something to punch into the dirt.
'What?'
'Their
It was Rhodes, and the world was going to end if they didn't stop it. Typical.
Once the door was locked, it fell completely silent. Either sound was being muffled by the heavy door or the men on the other side were neither moving nor speaking, and barely breathing. Possibly, probably, it was a combination of both.
Well, that didn't sound fun at all; but it was too late. With a decisive shove the table was shoved into the hole, taking Steve with it.
'Fine,' said Tony, in a very un-Tony-ish sort of voice. He was glad for the glasses. He thought he might actually be starting to well up. And now Steve didn't even
'Steve, they just convicted me of killing eleven people, and we both know that's probably a low estimate.'
. The man was incredible.
The malicious playfulness seemed to be over with. Venom was smaller now, and no longer wreaking havoc for the sake of it. The goal now seemed to be getting to Stark Tower as quickly as possible, and Steve followed, weighing up his next steps. Venom must have a reason for wanting to go there, and probably had some sort of plan or trap in place. Perhaps, then, he should try to trigger the fight early – but at least in the tower it would be contained, restricted to just the two of them. Even if it was a trap, there was no question that he ought to accept the bigger risk himself in order to reduce it for civilians. So Steve hung back, let Venom make his way forward, trying to keep everyone else safe. They'd have this fight at the tower.
As she came to move the grocery bag, she noticed the boxes of painkillers lying next to it. Steve must have got them. Natasha suddenly wanted to cry again, but swallowed two of the tablets and put the rest away. Finally, when the place was as tidy as it had ever been, she left the bathroom, dreading that Steve would still be lurking around.
‘Fair enough,’ Stark shrugged, got to his feet and headed for the door. Just as Steve was processing this, starting to think it had been too easy, Stark turned and collided with the side of his face. There really wasn’t another word for it. Steve wasn’t even sure if it was supposed to be a (very wet) kiss on the cheek or if it had been some sort of chin-first headbutt. Stark laughed at his expression, pinching his cheek. ‘You’re adorable,’ he said, ‘See you soon, sweetheart.’ With that, he was gone.
what to wear. Well, no, there was the Iron Man armour, obviously, and beneath that his flight suit. He always wore his flight suit. He quickly reached a hand under his pyjama shirt to check it was still there, which it was. Good. With that established, he turned his mind back to his clothes.
, of a childhood he admitted he had spent idolising Captain America. He already knew practically every anecdote Steve could tell.
At some point since the note's original posting, another point had been added, with a loopy arrow pushing it into position between points one and two.
Of course Steve wasn't sure. It wasn't exactly how he imagined his life would be. But he couldn't just sit still watching his mom waste away from stress any more either, working doubles and triples, scratching around for every spare cent. She had done so much just to keep him alive. Now it was up to him to let her start living again.
'Hi,' he said.
'He is in the elevator. He will be here any second.'
Not long after that came the whole mess with Fisk. Steve had saved Tony's life – part of the job, yes, but he would have done it anyway, he wasn't thinking about the badge when he'd waded in, he was thinking about Tony, and how he would fall apart if he lost him – and together, with assistance from Red Wolf, and Widow Barnes, and Dr Banner, they'd put a stop to Fisk's trouble making ways. But not, unfortunately, before Steve had taken a bad hit.
'That, uh, doesn't actually mean much,' Steve said, tentatively. Pepper rounded on him. At least it wasn't just Tony getting screamed at this time.
'Nice to meet you,' Steve said, and didn't feel guilty that it came out sounding a little sarcastic.
As he grinned, Steve knew his own face was mirroring it right back. He loved that he could make Tony laugh. He loved that
'Song unknown.'
He gave Clint the bowl of remaining yoghurt, and went upstairs to their – his – bed. He pulled Steve's pillow over to him and tried not to think.
Not that he was going to give Venom to Peter. The little kid was too weak to handle it, and anyway, Tony needed it. No. Peter wasn't getting any of it. Not the smallest drop.
Tony wrinkled his nose. The only university he was interested in going to was MIT, but his parents had said it was
The restraints snapped, and Steve rolled off the table, out of the heaving mass of the window to the multiverse. There was no time to catch his breath, he was alone and surrounded by Skrulls. Undaunted, he set to work taking them out. He didn't have time for this. He had more important things to do, like finding Tony, his Tony, and kissing him senseless.
- but the man seemed to have recovered himself, and was now laughing.
unless he wanted it to, and when he wanted it to, he made it happen himself. Everything in his life was how he wanted it.
. Brains were weird.
To Tony's great relief, the air con was on full blast, blowing deliciously cool. The temperature, Tony thought, might go some way to explaining why the tables and chairs arranged around the counter were all full already, a queue wending its way through them to the till. Well, after all, this was the best bubble tea place in the city or Tony Stark wouldn't patronise it. He'd been there a few weeks ago, pulled up outside in the Rolls on his way back from a party the night before, and the pictures had been all over Twitter. Now that he thought about it, the queue might be partly down to him too. Which was good as it meant the place would stay in business a bit longer.
As for the chess, well, he knew the rules. He was fairly good at it, too, he just didn't really like it. But the invitation was meant kindly, a gesture of friendship, and so after a day of menial chores around the base he found himself waiting by the exit for Richard and Mary, who let him into their car and drove him back to their home in Queens. It was his first time since his mad dash when he woke up that he left the base. Mary kept pointing things out along the side of the road. Steve responded politely and kept his eyes firmly focused on his feet. He didn't know why, but he didn't want to look.
Judging by the address Barnaby gave him, Stark Industries obviously paid very well. He had the penthouse in a modern block of serviced apartments, all blacked-out glass and discreet spotlights. There was a concierge on the front desk who asked him which apartment he was here for and called up to check before he let Steve into an elevator that was probably the size of Steve's bedroom, and had nicer décor. It opened at last into a small lobby with just one door. Steve knocked, only to find it was already ajar. Barnaby was sitting on the floor, head on his knees, just inside. Steve dropped down beside him.
'I'll find you soon,' Bucky promised. 'Go mingle! Have some fun!' With that, he disappeared back into the crush. Steve went back to scanning the crowd, then, trying not to look too conspicuous, he stuck his head under the table cloth.
'Steven Stark-Rogers.'
'Natasha?'
(Tony hadn’t been used to this kind of thing, then.)
. Happy birthday.' Without any further ado, he snatched up the briefcase and swept out of the room, leaving Peter examining the phone in his hands and looking as overwhelmed as Steve felt.
Steve looked at him, eyes widening. Not that Tony could see his eyes behind those dark glasses, but he could hear the eye-widening in Steve's tone. 'Not still analysing the...
Stark groaned. 'I spent $2400 on wine for someone with no palate.'
Trying to look unconcerned, he stretched himself out long, sprawling over the step and the path below, his feet nearly touching the edge of the perfectly maintained lawn. 'Let me guess, one of your friends is tall, curvaceous and has got legs a mile long?'
Miss Friday was in a coma for seven years. When she did finally wake up, helped along by some Oscorp medical tech, her mind didn't come with her. She was doolally. Gaga. Tony visited exactly once, and never went back. She died of a stroke at age 53, having lived not much of a life at all. The blame lay solely at Norman Osborn's door.
'No way.'
Still, this lady looked fierce like a lion, and she had already walked quickly away towards the other three agents that were the only ones still standing up, and a man had taken Peter's hand and led him back inside. In his other hand he held his own gun, up and ready.
?!' Bucky and his mother cried in unison. Steve pushed his chair away from the table. He was not having this conversation.
Steve set down the plate of food, but before he could get the coffee down safely the track changed. It seemed to startle him, because he jolted violently at the sound, and the next thing Tony knew Clint's new hearing aids were swimming and sparking in a pool of his best Malabar Coast brew. Tony stared at them. He'd been so close to building in an automatic fail safe to switch them off in the event of a large explosion, protecting Clint's hearing from getting any worse, while still allowing communication in what could easily be an emergency situation. But with the circuitry exposed, some of the solder not even set, there would be no chance of recovering it from it's caffeinated grave.
The worst part was, it was toying with him. With each delay he would slow down, stay a steady distance ahead, casually destroying whatever was around him while he waited for Steve to catch up. This was a game, it was all about getting Steve's attention. Steve couldn't risk denying him that, as he did not want to enrage him further. He took two deep breaths and started to run again.
'Shit.'
'I seem to remember telling you that you were allowed to die a week after me. I changed my mind. You're not allowed to die, ever.'
'Happy birthday, Steve,' Tony said, quietly.
got home, but for the time being, he needed to use this undisturbed time to sneak Steve's present in.
- no. No, no, no. She needed to gear herself up for that. But now, here she was, with no tampons.
. He cleared his throat. 'Just, let's fix this and then you can go back to talking to Mr Stark, okay?'
'No,' Howard snapped. 'I wasn't offering, I was asking. Do you drink?'
have happened with some random guy texting your kid. And if you’re mad about what could have happened, you’re mad at yourself, not me.’
Get ready for exposition.
'Or you could spend three days converting more of this place so that you don't have to room next to Thor.' Judging from experience, they weren't going to get back to sleep any time soon so Steve slid out of bed and starting searching for his shirt. Tony groaned but followed suit.
I'm going to take a bit of time off from fanfiction for now, to try and actually get my original novel done. But I have no doubt I'll be back sooner or later!
'I hope whoever invented obligations steps on a whole bunch of Lego,' Barnaby agreed. 'Can I at least give you my number? In case things change.'
He had lost track of exactly how long he had gone without food, sleep or water, but even if it had been a few days it had been well within his limits. The difficulty came, he knew, from the emotional toll. Peter had been dying, slowly slipping away, and Steve had thought nothing could be worse. Then, two days later, Stark had shown up and injected Peter with who-knew-what, and Peter's lungs had filled for the first time since the day he was born.
Tony didn't even look up at the sound of Peter's voice. The kid was almost seventeen now, sensible enough to keep away from anything in the lab that looked sparky or likely to explode, and patient enough to wait for Tony to finish the bit of armour he was welding before moving out of the doorway. Normally, anyway. Today, Tony could see him in his peripheral vision, shifting nervously from foot to foot. He turned off the blow torch. The plating could wait.
Steve didn't want to lie, so he didn't answer. 'Can I have some time to think? About whether to... take him home?'
,' he breathed, so quietly Steve could hardly hear him, apparently too excited to speak.
'Let's go,' he said.
And for some reason, that desperation, that despair, made Tony feel better; because if Steve at least felt bad about it then maybe there was a chance they could fix this. He could do better, be better, be whatever Steve needed; and Tony knew he was being pathetic, he knew it, but this was
in turn, only to be disappointed when they let him down. And now, so had Steve. That much was obvious from his face.
'You'd fall.'
'What, you aren't into this?' It asked, mockingly.
his super power and it was letting him down. What was wrong? Was he going crazy? Losing his mind? Or was it Alzheimers or dementia kicking in? No, no, he did not want to end up one of those empty shells of a person, wandering around lost, taken home by the police to somewhere he didn't recognise, friends and carers he didn't know – he needed to get home and run a full set of scans,
It just wasn't fair.
He was nervous again, babbling, rocking up and down on his feet. Steve interrupted with a smile.
to him about who he was, they'd barely had a conversation, and yet Steve found himself leaning in, trying to pull Barnaby close with his stupid, short, weak arms that were taking too damn long to get Barnaby where Steve wanted him, even though Barnaby was coming willingly – and then Steve was torn away, landing hard on the dance floor. Something crunched. Probably a rib. At least he had enough experience to know it wasn't broken.
'Better than dead.'
Something had happened, though, when he had met the Captain and Peter. There was a stirring of discontent from the suit that was now a part of him, because he was doing things a little differently to how he had in the past few years. Tony started to wonder, dimly, how many of his ideas were actually his; and why he had never wondered before.
put on the side on Christmas Eve. After the joke was done, he was planning to auction it off and donate the money to a charity of Steve's choice, but Cap didn't need to know that, at least, not right away. The bottom line was, a little tongue-in-cheek ditty about the consumerist nature of the holiday shouldn't have bothered him so much.
'I don't know, will you promise you won't marry yourself to an asshole?'
must have been written about his friend. His friend, his friend, his friend. Tony needed to get over this unrequited crush. Steve deserved someone who could be a friend with no underlying ulterior motives or secret hopes, a friend who didn't fantasise about things he would find extremely uncomfortable.
'Like he's going to grow up innocent in a house like this,' Steve snorted. 'But alright, I'm sorry.'
Natasha tried to keep her focus on that, on what that might mean, all through the difficult appointment, to still her drumming fingers and tapping feet. Steve was happy they weren't dating. Very happy.
'Oh, calm down sweetheart, before you wrinkle that pretty face,' Tony tried to smile winningly, but it went down even worse than the first one. Steve sat back, folding his arms. 'It's not as dramatic as you think. One of my... colleagues has been researching animal survival traits. Lizards regrowing limbs, spiders sensing danger, that kind of thing. Seeing if it could be used for human enhancement was the idea, although, of course, he was too dumb to get it off the ground. But using a little dash of my dad's vitaray stuff and the genius of yours truly...' He waved a hand to indicate it was no big deal. 'Think of it as the same as what was done to you, only... themed.'
Something was happening. Stark was wearing a buttoned shirt, open at the collar, his black flight suit just about visible beneath it. Except it wasn't just about visible any more. As Steve watched, the flight suit began to squirm, the hem stretching into thin, rubbery tentacles that were crawling up Stark's neck, as far as his chin. Steve sat up straighter.
Steve had had some rough mornings before. His mother had died just after dawn one day. He’d woken up stiff as a board and soaked after sleeping in the mud for a mission. He’d spent mornings captured by the enemy, and mornings fighting, being shot at, running risks. He remembered distinctly watching the sun come up the first morning after he lost Bucky, and realising that this was the first day where Bucky wasn’t alive, and that he wouldn’t be every day for the rest of time.
She willed him to go away. She needed to use the bathroom - better to know the worst now. Unfortunately, Steve did not pick up on her desperation; or at least not far enough to realise he ought to go. Instead he sat down next to her.
The Spectrum was unlike any other establishment in town. More of a bar than a club, and more of a club than a bar, it defied definition. For one thing, instead of being pitch black, the place was softly lit with coloured lights, mirrors, glittering chandeliers and crystals, every surface sparkling. To the right of the bar was a large area full of secluded booths, each one closed on three sides and piled high with luxurious cushions and soft furnishings, with a rose-coloured lamp to read the drinks menus and colour guides by. The rest of the place was given over to a heaving dance floor and stage. There was live music almost every night, though today the music was being pumped out through speakers and the stage was being taken over by dancers looking for some space. It was crowded even compared to usual.
Well, fine. There was no reason it should bother him. Steve was trying to marry whoever would take him too. He'd opened the box, and, as predicted, it had been an elaborate show of wealth devoid of personality. The band was almost a centimetre wide, looked like it was made of platinum, filled out with row after horizontal row of small diamonds; all leading to a rock the size of Steve's knuckle in the middle. They wanted him to wear
At lunch there was cake and a paper sash saying
Steve nodded, biting his lip. He seemed unsure what to say.
Horrified, Tony almost tripped over his own feet. He'd been thinking about killing the Captain, visualising it in detail.
, but it was very difficult to explain the concepts of vigilantism and appropriate force to a three year old, even one as smart as Peter. The faces on the news might as well have been cartoon characters to him. They were criminals, which meant they were Bad Guys, and if Iron Man killed Bad Guys, that meant, quid pro quo (a phrase Peter had actually
With that, he was off, a seething mass again, a huge roiling mass of tentacles. Steve wasn't sure where they had all come from. Still, one thing was clear – The monster controlling Stark wanted him to follow. And maybe that meant it was a bad idea to follow, that it would turn out to be a trap or that the creature would try to kill him, but there was no way Steve was going to hang back. Not when that thing was going to be passing through a city of innocents.
'Yeah, but you waited.' Tony smirked. 'Come on, beautiful, get in. I'll make it up to you.'
to it, to let me walk right in here and hear the worst moment of my life-'
And a big thank you as always to everyone who reads and comments! Your encouragement means so much <3
'Nothing,' his dad said, which was another non-answer. Peter decided the best way to make him feel better was a cuddle, so he clambered off the bed and onto his dad's lap, snuggling into his chest. His dad wrapped his arms around him.
'I need Bucky's address,' he said.
Steve opened his immediately and began to read, his brow furrowing in concern. Tony drummed his fingers on the front cover of his. It was time to state his conditions.
'Peter, I'm going to try and help Mr Stark, but I need you to stay here and stay safe.'
'You thought I was replacing you?' Tony asked. 'Don't be stupid, Clementine. I told you, didn't I? You're my whole world. And we are never doing this again, understand?'
'Currently unknown, sir. However, the officer stated that eye witnesses declared that the aircraft came
undergraduate degree.' Tony smirked. Even Meredith had to laugh.
'Last I checked, you weren't a doctor, Stark.'
He knew he had chosen his words poorly when Stark's face twisted into a smirk.
Tony’s lips brushed his gently. At least, Steve thought they did. He was blind and everything felt very far away.
So Steve talked about everything, about the misleading adverts, about how things had been in his childhood, how clueless he had been, and somehow, even though they were talking about tampons, Natasha felt okay. Not completely fine, and still with a vague sense of dread lingering in the background, but okay. And the conversation followed on naturally as he told her how he had struggled in the store, and somehow it felt possible to say that any brand was fine, after not having any in Afghanistan.
It hadn't all gone according to plan. Steve had planned to propose during their big anniversary dinner, had not planned to get married with traces of charcoal still in his hair, or with smudges still on Tony's jacket. But the rest, he had admitted, was as he had hoped.
At long last,
'The person was... I was with a boy,' Steve said. He wasn't looking at Tony and Tony was glad, because the words were exploding over and over in his head, immediately sobering him up, his thoughts racing, because if Steve had been with a guy in 1938, maybe that meant he wasn't straight, maybe, maybe, maybe. Tony's breath hitched, and Steve obviously mistook it for a gasp of surprise, because he continued miserably, 'Bucky was furious. At first he thought... the guy was much bigger than me. What you'd call a butch type these days. And I was so small and scrawny that at first he thought... but I told him he was wrong. I tried to tell him, I wanted to tell him, that...' Steve took a deep breath, and finally gave voice to his thoughts, to his real feelings. 'That I liked men. I liked women, girls, too; but I was equally attracted to men. Except Bucky didn't want to hear it. He cut me off before I could say it, he was worried that someone would overhear and get the police, he was angry at me for being reckless. He didn't let me finish, he told me to never say it out loud, to forget about it.' The words were pouring out of Steve now, and he wiped tiredly at his forehead, smearing wet over it from the washing up without seeming to notice. 'After that, he started pushing me onto girls more. Setting up blind dates and double dates and all. I think he was hoping I'd forget about that part of me, that I'd fall for a woman and get married and have kids and stay out of jail. I had no idea he regretted it.'
"Uh huh," he said quietly. "I'm—I'm good to go."
"Even you wouldn't be that cruel," he said, low and tight.
It took nearly all of Steve's strength to unwind his arms from around Tony, holding onto his hand until the last possible second. His heart was in his throat as he watched Tony make his way towards the observation level, turning to wink at him just before disappearing around the corner.
"Okay, that's it," Gwen said, playfully swatting him on the back. "Go wash your hands, they're filthy."
And since the Tower's defence drones hadn't yet taken it out, hadn't even fired on it, from what Peter could tell, then they had obviously come prepared for the Avengers' defences.
"I'm ready, hon," he said instead, giving Steve what he hoped was an encouraging nod. "Let's get this party started."
"Every word of it," answered Bruce.
"Pete, you gotta stop that, buddy, your hands are all busted up!" Tony cried, cursing his son's super-strength when Peter nearly threw him off of him. He was finally able to wrap Peter in his arms, gasping in horror as he looked down and saw Steve pinned in place by the still-thickening ice, his striking blue eyes radiating such immense terror that Tony's heart nearly stopped.
"At your service, sir."
looks. "Not 'just' just, honey. I only meant that you're his parent, so that automatically makes you old. It's no different for me. And there's no way in hell that you look a day over thirty, so don't you go on boasting that you're ninety-four and think you can get away with it."
"Sounds good," Steve cut in. He held out his hand, indicating Scott to get in front of him. "Once I show you to your room, I'll get you some clean clothes. There should be soap and shampoo and anything else that you'll need already in there."
"Oh yeah, she's definitely a hot one!" Carol yelled over the comm. "So why don't you boys get your asses up here and see for yourselves!"
"You mean after
"Mmm. And you're sure that you wanna go?" Tony asked. He was already mentally calculating the range of the defence drones, making sure they could cover the distance between the Tower and the museum.
As was Peter, but again, he wasn't referring to himself at the moment.
Which meant that Peter had to go way back to the beginning of JARVIS's design and search through every single line of code for anything out of the ordinary.
Apparently Anthony Stark knew a thing or two about designing aircraft.
"While he was sitting on your lap?" Peter asked warily. "Wait, nevermind, I don't think I wanna know. But I'm ready to do my homework now if you guys are done… talking."
"Actually, it does," Steve answered, not without a hint of regret. "It's time for me to go for my run."
On this night, though, Steve seemed to be almost as impatient as Tony, pulling him flush against him as his tongue slipped between Tony's lips to taste him. Tony whimpered as their tongues stroked together, the hints of tomato sauce, garlic and wine mixing in with the inherent flavour of Steve more intoxicating than any whisky or drug had ever been.
Peter bit his lower lip, his fingertips tapping along the edge of the datapad as he tried to force his exhausted mind to think. He had skipped one of his naps that afternoon since he'd been too nervous to try and sleep, and as much as he hated to admit it, he was definitely feeling it now. His arms and legs felt like they'd been filled with sand, and his lungs felt heavy and wet, like they needed to be wrung out.
"That I will, sir."
but we've gotta—we should get going, away from here. It's not—this isn't the best place for us to be right now."
"'Cause we all know how well diplomatic missions tend to turn out, right?" said Bucky.
"Steve, it's okay," Tony said dismissively. "You don't have to—"
"Are you wanting to go back to sleep now, babe? You still seem like you're stuck inside your own head a bit," Tony asked gently after a few moments of silence.
"Hey there, handsome," he said as he greeted his boyfriend—
Much less a bookstore.
"Oh, yeah?" Tony said.
"Nah, I'm sure it'll be fun, sweetheart," Steve said. He shot Tony a wink as Bruce, Bucky, and Sam stepped out of the panic room, with Peter leaping into Bucky's arms as soon as he'd cleared the doorway.
it!  And to bring it up now, after all these years, that’s low even for you!”
No, that was silly. Of course Tony could make it work. There had never been anything he hadn't been able to make work once he set his mind to it.
"It is pretty interesting though," Gwen whispered about a minute later, as they watched Cindy give a rather respectable speech on the physics of spinning baseballs and curvatures, which while not exactly answering the question at least used enough big words to hopefully confuse the judges if she were to get a similar topic during the competition.
"Oh, you'd better believe he was," Tony said. "Not only did I hear that he was almost every single day, but I could see it in his eyes whenever he looked at me. The guy pretty much hated me because I wasn't you."
Peter was brilliant. Smarter even than Tony, and so strong that he could stop a bus with his bare hands. But yet, at the end, after witnessing four other people fade into oblivion, he had been just as terrified to die as any other teenage boy.
"Or a not-so-small country," muttered Tony.
“Hey,” Steve replied as he buried his face into Tony’s shoulder, inhaling his musky, coconutty scent.  He closed his eyes as he breathed it in, letting it wash over him like a warm summer rain as he started trailing kisses along his boyfriend’s smooth skin.  Like Steve, Tony was shirtless, as they had found that Steve tended to sleep better with more skin-to-skin contact, and he couldn't help but let a soft moan escape his lips, desire welling deep inside his gut.
"Okay, J?" he asked, barely moving his mouth. "Are we good here?"
"Yeah, well, like the Colonel likes to say, things are a lot different now," Uncle Bucky said. "Including getting invited to your girlfriend's house to meet her parents when you're still gettin' to know each other."
The best part, though, was how it had seemed to have affected Tony. The difference in his mood from even just a week ago was so remarkable that James, Natasha, and Bruce had all separately mentioned something about it to Steve, all three of them very relieved that he was so completely on board with everything they were attempting to do.
"That was our theory as well, Steve," said Hill. She drew a large circle around the half-destroyed building next to the hospital, one labelled Institute for Infectious Diseases. "We believe that this institute was in the process of running tests on a new type of biological, something that could potentially be very attractive to terrorists."
But they’re no different.  And judging by how Shostakov is making a complete ass out of himself two lanes over, he obviously believes that the clock isn’t lying.
"Oh, Papa's always talking about minding our surroundings," Peter said, trying to sound nonchalant. "Says it can help you avoid getting into fights, that's all. Pretty sure it's a military thing."
"I don't think being smart has anything to do with it," Steve said. He looked down at their joined hands, trailing his fingertips along Tony's knuckles. "It was more like… rage. I was just so
"No, I don't, little guy," Papa answered. "According to JARVIS, this Scott Lang fellow was kind of a modern-day Robin Hood, stealing money from wealthy executives who had cheated their customers and returning it to the customers. He was recently released from prison."
"Tony," he said, as he touched his husband's cheek. "Sweetheart, maybe you shouldn't be watching this. You don't need to—"
Tony thought as he finally blinked, his heart fluttering when the image vanished.
After watching Natasha pad back to her own area, Steve boots up his computer and checks his calendar.  He only has one meeting scheduled for 2pm, to go over the latest equipment requisition with the basketball coaches, and then his blocked-off time between five and seven for Peter’s swimming practise, leaving him the rest of the day to finalise a couple more grant applications and put together Peter’s workouts for the rest of the week.
In fact, Steve had done such a good job of compartmentalising it that while he was certain that he'd known that Anthony worked as a consultant for the Air Corps, Steve had just assumed that since he wasn't a pilot, he'd never have to run into him. He'd been with the Air Corps for almost ten years, ever since he was eighteen years old, and could likely count on one hand the number of civilians he'd interacted with at the base during that time.
"Um… you don't have to be scared of my dad," Peter said, rather tentatively. "He doesn't—he doesn't hate you. He doesn't even dislike you."
"Nothing! Like I said, I'm just really happy for you."
Howard Stark, the world-famous scientist, inventor, and mastermind behind so much of the Langaran military's equipment that he even had a wing of the Air Corps base named after him, had been arrested for treason, a crime punishable by death.
I can’t wait to see what you guys think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment! 💗
Someone that remarkably
"I can sit with Петр, Стив," Bucky said as he entered the lab, followed by another of the security guards. "You just worry about your husband."
"Eh, not necessarily, but that'd make the most sense." Dad picked up one of Uncle Bruce's notebooks, flipping through it. "We haven't found anything on possible prison facilities in any of the documents that we've decoded, but knowing HYDRA they could be hiding in any number of places." He tapped his chin, thinking. "I'll tell Clint and Nat about it, I'm sure it'd at least help them rule out a few places, but there's a lot of goddamn water on this planet, so I'm not really sure if it narrows it down all that much."
"Oh, I just went for a drive," he said into his tray. "It was pretty nice out."
Steve gave a nod. "Yeah, thought I'd stop by and see what Tyler's been up to. Is he still here?"
"No, it wasn't, babe," Dad murmured. "But—"
"And you may as well run another diagnostic on my new suit while you're at it, and start on the render for Pete's new web shooters. Steve's planned a few training sessions for the weekend while we're back upstate."
"So," Phillips began. "Felt like doing a bit of research this afternoon, did you, Rogers?"
“But Regina did still pass information back and forth,” Peter said gently.  “And they still made the bullets.  And according to this, those bullets have been used in Sokovia.  And one of ‘em hurt Steve’s friend, and—”
"Yeah, I guess," answered Peter. "But sometimes it just is that straightforward. No one should be dumped from their job just 'cause they got hurt. No one should be threatened to be put out on the streets with a tiny baby just 'cause their spouse was killed, and no one—"
"Absolutely, honey," Tony replied. "You know how much he loves that."
"Who?" asked Gwen, shooting Peter a questioning look. "Am I supposed to know who that is or something?"
"Well, you're wrong," Peter said. He swiped at an errant tear that managed to escape, swallowing hard. "This wasn't the same as the Battle of New York, or that fire monster that attacked us in the movie theatre. This was… oh God, Gwen, this was…"
"A bit," answered Steve, frowning as a chorus snickers erupted from Cam, John, and Major Lorne. "Why?"
Peter stared at him for a moment, finally glancing over at Gwen, who gave a slight shrug. "Um… how 'bout we get some pizza?"
'You know you pull the exact same face in bed,' he teased, leaning over to plant a kiss on the top of Steve's head. Steve was way taller than him, and Tony's hair was one of his favourite places to aim for, so Tony took the opportunity to get him back whenever he could. Plus it gave him a chance to admire the sketch of the lake taking shape beneath Steve's skilled hands. He was untrained, but he had talent. Before the war, he'd been planning on going to art school. Sometimes Tony wondered whether, if the Nazis hadn't tried to take over the world, Steve would have made it, if his work would have now been hanging in the Met. One more, little, thing the war had taken away. Then again, if Steve had gone to art school instead of the army, they wouldn't be here now, so Tony wasn't complaining. Anyway, this way the sketches were just for him.
'Dad, come on.'
'Yeah, you are.' Stark dismissed. He leaned in towards Peter and spoke, his stage-whisper clearly audible through the helmet's speakers. 'Is he always this dumb?'
Cap moved like a dancer, making impossible turns, twists and jumps, knocking out one guy after another with perfect smoothness, like the whole thing was some ballet. Every so often his shield would soar away from the scene, flying away in a way that defied physics, and always coming back to find Steve waiting, no matter where it had started.
He hadn't wanted to see Richard. In fact, he had simply not turned up to the first three appointments that were made for him, until Fury had told him that he would not sign off his clearance to leave the base until he was classed as fit by a Shield psychologist. At first Steve had thought, bitterly, that that would be just fine with him; he didn't want to go out in this strange world of the future, he wanted to go
'You're Captain America,' he said sleepily, fighting to keep his eyes open as he cuddled nearer. 'I saw you on TV. But you died ages ago.' His words were barely audible.
'You do,' Tony said, sitting beside him and looking out at the lake. 'I'll put a mirror over the bed and you can see.'
'You know, I can probably cover your rent for a while,' Bucky said quietly. 'Or you could stay with me. With work, I'm hardly ever home anyway. It would be like having your own place, except-'
there was nothing wrong with being traditionally feminine, and he
'Shut up,' Steve said, eloquently. His shirt said
'It's okay,' Steve said quickly, not sure he wanted Barnaby wandering the streets in his current state. 'I'm already downtown, I'll come right now, just give me your address.'
When Steve woke up at the hospital, Tony wasn’t there. Of course he wasn’t. He was in Europe, somewhere. He had called 911, ridden with Steve in the ambulance, seen him admitted; then had somehow managed to track down the phone number for Mr and Mrs Flynn, who had contacted Steve’s mom and made arrangements for the shop to be closed up. Tony had sat with Steve and his mom for hours and hours, until his driver turned up and gently told him it was time to leave. And he’d left.
"I know, my sister has a middle name just like yours. Mamma said it was coz Daddy loved you so so much. " AJ explained his face scrunching up a little. Clint jolted hoping the little boy wasn't about to start crying at the mention of his mamma and sister who weren’t here.
"Come on babe, They always say that when they are sleeping then you should be too"
"Who cares" Phil smiled, wrapping himself around Clint as they both settled into bed.
"The letter's for you" the boy pointed out, Clint eyed the corridor again before peeling apart the folded edges.
"I took the liberty of scanning the girl and I am currently attempting to filter through the traffic cams and local CCTV to try and find where she might have gone. it will probably take a few hours however due to the sheer density of pedestrians in New York."
"Wait, you met a strange woman who obviously thought you were in some kind of army unit, she invites you into her room and you just accept?" Steve asked, he sounded more than a little incredulous.
"That night..." Clint sighed deeply, before making sure each of his friends were listening. "That night I was in pain, I was sad and I thought my best friend was going to die.  I hadn't been at SHIELD long when the call came down to hunt the infamous Black Widow. What they hadn't known at the time was they were sending me to kill a friend I had had for years, a woman who had helped me hone my craft as a teenager and had kept me alive against many a rich asshole who wanted to eliminate me instead of paying in full. Once they figured out how amazing she was, how brilliant we could be as a team then Fury almost had stars in his eyes at the possibilities. " Clint kept his eyes on the table in front of him, the team knew a lot about each other but sometimes Clint still felt like an outsider, a fraud.
"Oh Clint" Nat sounded sad and sympathetic, Clint wasn't sure if he preferred she had hit him for being stupid.
"Hey it's okay! These questions might be super hard to answer but it's better to answer because when others know why you are sad they can help you feel better." Clint was aware he was being a massive hypocrite and from the sound of it the rest of the table knew it too. "We wanna help you find Luna, so if you can help us we might be able to get her back here faster."
Clint couldn't take anymore, he remembered the conversation he had had with the woman who had took him into town, she had pulled out the vodka from under her seat and explained the room was hers. Explained that the song was her favourite and that she had always fantasised about a stranger in the rain. She had gone on to make sure he didn't think she was crazy, listening as she explained her reasoning for propositioning him. He was in the army, he was more than likely a good guy and she didn't get any weird vibes off of him. Clint had felt bad at the time because he wasn't in the army and his job was to kill people, bad people but wasn't murder bad too. Taking her word that she was just as likely to try and injure him as he was her, they had tumbled into bed together and now he was thinking about it, Clint didn't remember using a condom, at least until they had sex in the shower the following morning.
"Hey! I was always very careful and the 5 attempted paternity suits where all false and discredited using reputable labs." Tony snarked, indignant at the accusations.
"Nat, please. Don't do this. I wasn't leaving you, I swear I was coming back I just needed a drink or a fight or something." Clint scrubbed at his hair before gripping handfuls and pulling hard, standing abruptly he almost upset the table. "You think I could fucking sit there and watch Phil pace back and forth, back and forth knowing wholeheartedly that the reason you got the brunt of the explosion is because you pushed me ahead of you." Clint gestured wildly as he fought to keep his voice down, AJ was oblivious in the other room and after his own childhood, Clint didn't want AJ seeing him like he saw his father.
Dirty and tired, Clint hadn't been home long when a series of small knocks sounded through his heavy front door. Buying the building had been the easy part, fighting off the Tracksuit Bros had been a mild inconvenience compared to the huge list of changes that needed to be done in the building. First order of business had been new doors and windows, no more drafts and no more worrying that anyone could bust down the door at any minute. The heating had been overhauled and now it was just the outside that looked rundown and crumbling. Grumbling to himself, Clint shuffled back towards the front door, looking through the peephole didn't help as the hallway still looked empty. Pulling the small thumbprint accessible drawer open on the side table, Clint clicked the safety off of his gun before edging the door open just a little.
"I'm gunna go and put him in the spare room on our floor, Jarvis could you keep an eye on him for me, and make sure he doesn't wake up and decide to explore the tower on his own?" Clint yawned himself, hoping someone else would take the responsibility of this job so he could get some sleep. Being one of the non-enhanced members of the team meant he got tired, hungry and needed a lot more sleep than the super soldiers. Phil followed him onto the elevator, then into their apartment. Once AJ was snuggled into the middle of the full sized bed, comforter wrapped around him and soundly asleep. Phil wrapped his fingers around his boyfriends hand and tugged him towards their bedroom.
"I needed out, I needed a drink and well... we were in some godforsaken tiny town in the middle of butt-fuck nowhere. I climbed through the vents, stole the first set of BDU's I could find and scarpered.  About halfway along this dusty empty highway the heavens opened and I just kept going. I couldn't bring myself to go back, face the reality. I didn't know where we were or where I was going but, I just needed space." Clint rubbed his face vigorously with both hands aware that everyone was probably listening to his tale of woe and he hoped the next part wasn't going to make them all laugh at him.
"Thank you Jarvis" Steve smiled up at the ceiling, it was habit he hadn't been able to break since moving into the tower.
Phil stood up and moved away from the table during the exchange, Clint knew they needed to talk, they had gone from dating to possibly parents in the space of a few hours. Well Clint had, talking would establish if Phil would be with him through this as well as everything else they had every been through. The food went down fast whilst he kept his opinions to himself regarding the various scenarios being debated at the table.
The following months had been hard, getting the team back together and figuring out what they were going to do next. Hydra had been wiped off of the earth by the combined fury of the Avengers and what was left of SHIELD.
"Tweety, I thought you would be passed out by now" Tony's voice echoed across the connection.
"Thanks Nat, I am so screwed, I don't know how to be a dad, what am I going to do?" Clint groaned, pulling himself out of Nat's grasp. A large hand slid under his forehead after the third thump onto the table. Grumbling slightly Clint acquiesced, throwing his arms over his head instead. Nat plucked her phone off of the table and walked away, probably hoping to farm some of her contacts for possible information.
"So Barton's got secret kids, who saw that coming" Bucky laughed, living with the Avengers had been surreal and sometimes more than a little confusing.
Clint was thankful they had kept the apartment for time to themselves, shuddering to think of what could have happened if Luna hadn't been able to get passed the security in the tower lobby.
"I don't know, I haven't slept with that many women in my life. I was married once but I doubt their mom is Bobbi. She would tell me." Clint mumbled the words into the woodwork, hoping that the slightly tone to Cap's voice was imaginary. Beginning a mental catalogue since he was 15, Clint began to put all the women he could remember sleeping with in order. From Isla the gymnasts daughter to Natasha who was out for obvious reasons. It didn't take long, six women in total were on the list and as Clint thought about it he eliminated four.
The genius sputtered slightly before smirking himself. Explaining that there was a song that had been released several years before, the singer was a woman who describes driving through the rain and meeting a drifter/hitchhiker who she then slept with. Tony gestured slightly with his left hand and suddenly the surround-sound was crooning.
"Hey why don't you go show Thor how to work the Wii" Clint suggested when the crying stopped, AJ eyes lit up once more, his puffy and red eyes swinging to meet Thor's who had begun to already move into the living room. After watching the kid almost skip into the living room and fling himself onto the sofa Clint turned and slumped back into his chair.
"Yeah and you still ended up with a son, where is Peter anyway?" Steve smiled at the older man, aware that he was going to get shit from Bucky later about heart eyes.
"There are two possibilities, meaning Luna is either 17 or 14. I for one am hoping she is 17 and there isn't a young girl running around New York looking for a job and a place to live. April was a merc around the same time as me, she spent a lot of time taking contracts for women. Taking out sex-traffickers, rapists, abusers and the like. We had a few jobs together but I haven't seen her since I joined SHIELD."
"So she really did leave him with Clint. I wonder where she is going, is there any other footage of her after this. " Tony asked, clicking rapidly on the tablet in front of him.
"Tony, I need a favour, I will explain everything but I was wondering if you have a car that can come and collect me and bring me back to the tower."
"No Nat, it wasn't like that, it wasn't until years later that I even remembered and listened to the song. Believe me I was more than a little shocked it was that on the nose. We stopped at a rest station. Garage, motel and coffee shop that was about it. I bought her a cup of coffee to say thank you and she sort of laughed at me." Clint groaned, aware he was about to give the avengers prime material to laugh at him. "I shit you not, she asked if I wanted to make a girls fantasy come true and seeing as she had a bottle of booze and there was no bar in sight I took her up on the offer. I never knew her name and she wasn't fussed that she didn't know mine, well at least I don't remember the introductory conversation. I never knew she had a baby and as for poor AJ I have no clue as to how he came about because I think I would know if someone stole my sperm, or DNA." Slumping back into his chair, Clint decided the remainder of his food was more interesting than the looks he was getting from his team.
"Security footage from Clint's building shows that the only common visitors to his apartment are his residents in need of maintenance, Agents Romanoff, Barnes and Coulson are also frequent visitors. The only anomaly I could find inside the building is from earlier this evening." A holo-screen appeared above the table and the rest of the team watched as a small girl rounded the corner at the end of the corridor. AJ's hand was clutched in hers and once they drew level with the door the angle changed and they watched as she kneeled to talk to the little boy. They shared a hug before she wiped away tears, standing she walked to the window at the end of the hall and climbed out onto the fire escape. The window closed behind her as AJ's little fist rose to knock on the door. The footage cut off when Clint opened the door.
"Hi AJ, my names Natasha"
"He was at my door, that was pinned to his jacket and I didn't know what else to do." Clint rubbed his face with his hands, "The note says his sister will come back for him but what do I do until then. We have to find her."
"Hey. You just moved into the building?" Clint asked, the gun now sat on the side table, out of reach of the child but still close enough just in case. Shaking his head the kid, reached up to his lapel and began to tug at the envelope that was pinned in place.
Taking a deep breath Clint moved back to the door, throwing his boots back on and hooking the gun back into his belt. Clint turned to the kid who was absorbed in the game. Deciding to leave him to play for a few minutes more Clint moved to the kitchen and chugged a few quarts of coffee from the pot.
"How can you not know her, you slept with her, you impregnated her." Steve asked, stuffing a curry filled scrap of naan into his mouth as he spoke, very few of them actually had manners left with their childhoods and propensity to eat fast.
"Listen I said I would explain and I will, I just need a car."
"Five" AJ looked a little more interested in proceedings as his bright blue eyes swiveled from face to face around the table. Phil's pencil paused for less than a second, raising his head slowly he met Clint's eyes before turning back to the boy, "Can you tell me about your sister Luna and your family?"
"What's your full name?" Phil asked, before sliding the documents to Tony and instructing he scan and analyse them.
"I don't even know how long I was walking before the truck showed up and I was freezing so I thought fuck it, you know. Prettiest trucker I had ever seen in my life, we exchanged a few words, questions about going AWOL and what she was doing driving a semi. Couple of miles later we pull into a rest stop and she honest to god invited me into her motel room. Luring me with a bottle of vodka and room service was genius and it didn't take long for me to be drunk on the very little I had in my stomach. I woke up the next day and we shared a shower. Phil showed up whilst I was still drying off and I watched as she waved before driving away. I haven't thought about her or seen her since, I don't remember getting her name or giving her mine." Clint finished his story and began to shovel his now cool rice into his mouth. The table stayed silent for a few seconds before speculation begun to run rife.
The rest of the table watched as Clint began to whisper, his eyes flitting to Phil and then Bucky in turn. Making Nat laugh and elbow him deep in the stomach. Graceful fingers danced over the sides of Nat's top before stopping when she shrieked quietly, a warning eyebrow raising slightly. Nat pecked Clint lightly on the nose before moving to sit back in her seat, pushing his away from her with one foot, she smiled slightly before continuing to make tiny egg rolls with her crispy duck pancakes.
"Then I have bad news for everyone.  I didn't.... Don't know her name." Clint grimaced, aware that he was about to look like a total asshole. The rest of the Avengers and a suspiciously silent Phil sat around the table, listening and waiting. Nat returned as he got the story straight in his head, two large bags of takeout in hand giving Clint a scant few minutes whilst they all served themselves to prepare himself. Taking a few containers and a small pizza into the living room, Nat made sure the child and Thor were also fed. Clint had long ago lost his surprise at the sheer amount of food it took to satisfy the various metabolisms of the Avengers.
"Oh," Peter said, feeling like he'd just been punched in the gut. The last thing Papa needed was more fodder for his nightmares.
"No, it's okay," Peter said, even as his heart fluttered and a hard lump rose in his throat. "Y-yeah. That—that's the one."
This chapter is a doozy, complete with Obie being his jerky, homophobic self 😠  Please be safe 💗
"Ready," said Pietro as Peter planted his feet. "Set… go!"
"Good grief, Pete, you know you don't have to ask."
, of all people.
"And the water monster guy said that he'd been programmed to go after Peter!" Steve exclaimed. "Tony, we thought SHIELD got all the Winter Soldiers from the Miami bunker, but what if we've been wrong all this time!"
"I was gonna ask him to marry me," Uncle Bucky sputtered, tears now flowing freely down his face. "I'd already bought the ring, and made the dinner reservations, and—and now… now there's just no way—"
"No, sir."
"I don't know why, honey," Tony finally whispered. He leaned forward, pressing a soft kiss to Steve's forehead. "I'm not sure we'll ever really know why. I do think you tend to put a bit too much pressure on yourself, and I also think you sometimes see things as pure black and white when there's usually a few shades of grey thrown in there."
But first he would need to figure out how he'd be able to get away from the Tower…
"I told you he didn't hurt me, Dad," said Peter. "I'm more worried about him. Aren't you at all—?"
pretty. Maybe being in classes with her wouldn't be so bad afterall.
"Yes, sir," JARVIS said, and Tony could just picture the quizzical, raised-eyebrow look that Mr Jarvis used to give him whenever he had asked him something less than brilliant.
"End of discussion, Steve, and I mean it."
Maybe he should just go on the date first.
"Yeah, I know," Peter said as Dad pulled into the school's parking lot. He smiled as he noticed Gwen waiting for him by the doors, like she usually did. Since her dad's police shift started pretty early in the mornings, she usually got dropped off at school almost thirty minutes before the first bell.
"Yeah, okay," Sam said after a pause of several beats, shaking his head in Steve's direction. "Well, sorry there, Cap, but seeing as how that was our last ball, unless you feel like hurtling the fence to go get 'em we're gonna have to call it a day."
And under no circumstances was anyone to allow Tony or Peter to return to Earth until their safety could be guaranteed, both publicly via a press conference or something similar, and in writing. Long gone were the days of simple handshake promises or giving someone "your word", yet another thing that Steve sometimes lamented about the twenty-first century.
"Aaarrggghhh!" Peter groaned as he slammed the top of his computer closed and buried his face into his blankets, his glasses digging uncomfortably into the sides of his nose. He had just spent the last three hours decoding the longest HYDRA file on his list, and for all of his work he had found exactly nothing of value.
"God, I hope so," Tony whispered back. "I'm sure ready to prod him in that general direction."
"Something like what, Mr Stark?" Steve snapped. "What're you talking about?"
"You mean, listen to you," said Uncle Bucky.
Any other day and maybe Tony could’ve forgiven himself for being so.  Fucking.
"Ah, nope, he sure didn't," said Quill. "He just took off in our pod with two of my guys and like, almost all of our food. Said he was going to get his new hammer and would meet up with us afterwards."
"That's 'cause you didn't wanna talk to him," said Green Lady.
It didn't help that Peter had never told Gwen that he'd actually got captured down in that Georgia prison, and that he'd had to beg Wanda Maximoff to help him escape before Dad and the rest of the team got there.
"You didn't do anything wrong, Ma," Steve murmured as he carefully patted her back. "Tony and I don't blame you for anything."
"My papa's done all sorts of videos for the school," Peter said. "Our principal asked him 'cause his grandfather was one of Papa's Howling Commandos. We watch his fitness challenge videos in our gym class, and he's also done some on bullying and following rules for the younger kids."
"Um… Dad?" Peter said, grabbing onto a crooked lamppost as he strained to hold onto the web. A second later the lamppost tore away from the ground, carrying Peter up towards the blue light. "Dad, I'm being beamed up!"
Steve was rapidly starting to believe that it wasn't.
"We gotta do something about that ship!" Tony stated as he did a quick check of his suit's parameters. If he could increase the power by about seventy-five percent, then firing three of his Jericho formations directly into the thing's power core would hopefully be enough to disable it.
Tony huffed as he rolled his eyes. "Yeah, yeah. Thanks, J.
And, if pressed, he would gladly choose the overprotectiveness. Every single time.
"Are you okay?" he added. "Did something happen?"
"Don't think for a moment that I don't know what you did here," Thanos began, the gauntlet catching on the single thin beam of light still making its way around the massive ship. "You just couldn't live with your own failure."
Peter thought as he gave his head a quick shake.
"But is it really okay to punish a son for his father's mistakes?" Steve asked. "I mean, Anthony was only a little kid when my papa was killed so it's not like he was even involved, and yet he's still had to suffer for it."
That did
"Oh, that's for sure," Steve forced past the knot in his throat. He knew Bucky was only trying to ease his own nervousness by talking. He'd done the same thing during the war too, before all of their HYDRA raids. It was just that Steve could barely even think about Peter and Tony without nearly doubling over in pain and worry, and he simply couldn't afford the luxury of doing so at the moment.
If Tony hadn't known any better, it would've almost sounded as though Steve was giving up, but Tony knew he would never do that. Especially not against HYDRA.
Tony thought bitterly.
Steve's heart was thudding as he met the physician's eyes, finally nodding once. "All right," he said. "But we need to call Tony first. He should—he should hear this first-hand too."
"Because those two scientists being killed while running experiments on the tesseract proves that the government, and specifically General O'Brien, knows how powerful it is," said Tony. "And it also happens to correspond with what my father always said about it. He knew better than anyone the immensity of the power held inside that damn cube, and yet no one listened to him. Just because his last name is Stark."
"Thanks. I appreciate that."
Phillips scoffed, banging his palm on the desk. "I wish I could tell you no, Tony, but I can't. Every single damn time that I bring up even the possibility of a ceasefire or trying to begin some peace negotiations I get shot down. There's just no way that O'Brien or any of his lackeys are interested in anything that has to do with peace, so… yeah. I'm afraid this is the only way it's ever gonna happen."
"We'll see you tomorrow, okay, bud?" said Dad. "Sleep good."
"Holy
"Steve—baby," Tony stammered, moaning as Steve sucked a mark into his pulse point, a spot that would definitely show in the morning.
“I’m pretty sure Director Fury doesn't share your sentiments, sweetheart,” Steve said as he fastened his cowl into place.  “And I will have backup.  The entire STRIKE team’s gonna be standing by, waiting for my signal.”
"I'm still here, Tony," answered Steve. "But all my controls are frozen, and I can't—I can’t break orbit."
"That's very true." Steve tipped his head back as Tony's lips attacked his neck again, their hips rocking together in the erotic dance they had perfected over the last three years. "But then I didn't bother with any underwear, so—"
The heavy silence was broken by Tony clearing his throat. "Thanks, Helen."
"Oh, well, that's just great," grumbled Dad. "You mean there's more of you?"
"Dad, I know you've never trusted the Air Corps too much, except for Uncle James and Auntie Carol, but you gotta believe me on this. Steve's not like the rest of them. He's nice and funny and kind, and he loves you. And he also told me that he loves me like a son, and Dad, I don't think he'd lie about that stuff. I don't think he
"And none of that's my fault, Pete," Tony stated. "And it's not yours either, so don't you even let him tell you that—"
"So, if you do get to go to the party, would you count that as a date?" Ned asked once the police car had driven away.
Tony's head tipped forward, thudding against Steve's collarbone as his hands slid up Steve's back. "I probably do, but
“We’re not trying to make any guesses at the moment, buddy,” Tony said.  “We’re just trying to put the pieces together of what might’ve happened.”
"And I'm pretty sure that you're not allowed to be the judge of that particular attribute," Dad stated. "Now, I only have about ten or so minutes before I have to be out of here, so why don't you bullet point for me every exciting thing that happened today before I go, yeah?"
that something like this is—?"
The battle on the screen continued, with Gwen burrowing closer to Peter with nearly every explosion. She had already been sniffing a bit ever since K2SO's brave last stand, and now Peter could sense that she was starting to suspect what was about to happen.
"Yes, sir." A couple seconds later a blue hologram appeared in front of Tony, one that appeared to be an organic structure.
Tony grinned as he took his man’s arm.  “Yeah, honey,” he said.  “Let’s go.”
“Hmph,” Steve grumbles as he tries to guide his focus back to the grant.  He supposes it’s a waste of his time and mental energy to keep contemplating when he could just be patient and wait for the meeting instead.
"Well, this is just a different kind of nuts," Gwen said with a laugh. She reached for Peter's hand. "Are you even still hungry after eating all those chips?"
He felt Tony gently tug on his hand. "It's getting pretty late, hon, don't you think?"
"Best not to, honey," Tony said quickly. He knew exactly what Steve was getting at, but the fiercely protective side of him wanted absolutely nothing to do with the possibility of subjecting his son to some secret government experiment. "Knowing our government they've already wasted it on some other poor idiot who ended up getting killed or something."
"I'm pretty sure that's not at all how it's supposed to work, Ned," Peter said through clenched teeth. "But can we go inside now? It's cold out here!"
"Yeah, that's true," Tony said instead, because when he thought about it, he could picture Peter hitching a ride on the back of a truck or something. Goodness knows Steve had told him enough stories about when he used to do it.
"Yeah, but that's not really the point right now," said Steve. "I messed up, Buck, and Tony—he was really, really mad, and—"
"Tony—"
"Uh huh." Peter rubbed at his nose, hating himself for having to lie to his own father. "Do you think you'll ever introduce him to Grandpa?"
"It's okay, Tones," Rhodey said. "I understand."
"Oh, I'm pretty sure that'll be impossible, sir, but as I always say, one can always try," said Mr Harrington. Adjusting his glasses yet again, he turned back to Gwen. "If you will, Miss Stacy, please continue."
"Oh yeah, he definitely looks like a Stark," Bucky replied. "Sure acts a lot like you, though."
future.
"Yeah, but Erskine wasn't looking for the biggest or the strongest," Tony said with a dismissive shrug. "Or at least that's what Howard always said whenever he talked about it."
"But are you really sure that you have to go? Like,
"Mmmhmm," Tony hummed around him, and that was all it took to yank Steve over the edge. He cried out as he came, his shouts of pleasure echoing off the candlelit walls of their bedroom as he practically melted into the mattress, his entire body tingling with residual current.
"Yeah, you're right," Peter cut in. He squeezed his eyes closed, trying to stamp down his welling panic. "Okay, so… General O'Brien wouldn't know how to design the program that deactivated JARVIS, so whoever did is probably still out there somehow. But then if that's true, there'd really be no reason to wait for an attack, so that should mean that whoever put in the program to attack JARVIS only knew how to take JARVIS out, but not necessarily how to replace him."
He was Captain America, damnit. He wasn't supposed to be afraid of something as innocuous as water.
And take his time he did.
"I'm not poisoning anything, Tony, I'm just telling you how I see it," Howard stated. "You forget that you were once the same way. I know what it's like, to have to come to grips with the fact that you're going to lose your child."
"Peter?" Papa called from down the hallway. "Are you getting ready for bed, little guy?"
"Are you sure you can promise the boy's confidence?" Fury asked. "No offence, but Peter doesn't exactly have the best track record when it comes to secrets."
"Yeah." Stacy paused, glancing down the block towards the movie theatre. "I mean, I know they're still very young and all, but… well… like you said, Peter is a very polite and honourable young man, so—"
"Steve," he tentatively said. "Honey… I think we need to—"
"Thanks, Петр," he said softly. "Maybe someday I'll believe it too."
afraid. But not about the wedding."
It should be okay.
With less than three minutes left until curfew Tony pulled into his spot at the base, managing to make it to his office just as the lights cut out. His hands were shaking as he unlocked the door and stumbled towards his chair, fighting to keep back the tears threatening to fall.
"It's all right, buddy, I've got you," Dad murmured into his hair, as if he'd heard him. "It's gonna be okay. We'll figure something out."
His answer had obviously surprised Davis, who glared off to the side in the direction of an aide who was visibly shrinking in his chair. Apparently someone hadn't done their research properly.
It was just a bit weird for Peter to be surrounded by people again, after being forced to spend so much of his time alone. Even before his hospital stay he'd gotten used to being mostly alone. Grandpa had been there at the house, but during the day he was always either out wandering around or stocking up on his whisky, and didn't really pay much attention to Peter unless it was to tell him yet another story of how he used to work for the government, or chastise him for spending too much of his time drawing. And of course Dad had been there too, but with how overworked he always was Peter had been lucky to see him twice a day, in the early morning before he left for work, and at night just before curfew began.
