“Dean?” Sam says, loping over after confirming the witch is dead. Dean can hear the concern in Sam’s voice and is really glad his brother is here right now. “Is he okay?”
Dean’s had enough; this has been the best and the worst day of the whole of his existence and he wants a fucking
The barista finishes his concoction and pushes it to the edge of the counter by Dean’s elbow, calling for someone to come pick it up before he turns to Dean with a raised eyebrow.
But eventually he does pull away, with one last, fluttering kiss to Castiel’s throat. Dean meets Cas’ eyes and is beyond pleased with himself for putting that lust-drunk look there. He licks at his lips, collecting every stray drop he can gather, and then Castiel is pushing into his space, pressing their mouths together, tracing his tongue along the seam of Dean’s lips until he gives in and opens. The noise Castiel makes when he tastes his own blood in Dean’s mouth would take Dean out at the knees if he were standing.
“Fuckin’ nerd,” Dean accuses, before closing the last of the distance between them and pressing his mouth to Castiel’s, the final step in feeling like he’s come home.
He was a shield. And a broken shield was useful to no one.
“What?” Dean demands, face going hot.
Sam coughs and suggests in a very neutral tone of voice, “Maybe he… thinks
“Hey,” he says, gentle, “I’m not gonna leave you outside again, okay?” Cas looks at Dean for a moment, the little dragon’s gaze weighty and serious. Dean smiles his best reassuring smile, the one he used to pull out any time Sam was wondering where Dad was,
“Yes,” Castiel sighs wearily and the liminal glow of his feathers shifts in a rippling tide of twinkling lights. “This is one way it can manifest here.”
He huffs out a breath. Sam hasn’t actually called him on
“Dean!” Sam shouts, and it sounds like Dean’s hearing him through mounds of cotton balls stuffed in his ears. Sam leaps towards Dean as he collapses back onto the floor, Castiel sprawled out on top of him in an unsightly jumble of limbs. In the air, the inky black gateway flickers and vanishes. Dean drops his head to the concrete floor with a heavy
Castiel levels an unreadable look at Dean. “You’re really asking me this?”
Aaron, for his part, jumped on board, draping his arms over Dean’s shoulders, a tiny noise caught in his throat as Dean swept his tongue across the other boy’s lower lip. When his mouth opened under Dean’s, a jolt of electricity stabbed into Dean’s brain and shot down his spine; butterflies swarmed in his belly. The longer it went on, the more Dean’s knees turned to jelly, but he didn’t care if they ended up on the floor because it turned out kissing a boy was
But no. He thought he was going to take what happened between him and Cas to the grave. Given that Cas is here now, though — and it looks like he’s gonna stay — it’s only a matter of time before the details start spilling out. Forget about his feelings, forget about what he might want from Cas (is he
me to find them.”
I have to kill, how many times I have to fight. I’m coming to find you, got it? I ain’t leavin’ here without you.”
him, even — but he’d shoved Dean out of the way of danger, his very own personal guardian angel to the bitter end.
“Dean?” Sammy’s voice came through the door, small and worried.
at him.
towards someone.
~ "Sonnet XVII", Pablo Neruda
Suddenly, the feather in Dean’s hand flames bright, creating a thin column of light shooting straight up and down, stretching forever in either direction. He jumps back, dropping it, and watches as the column dims and brightens with the rhythm of a heartbeat. He doesn’t see Castiel anywhere, but clearly the feather has completed its purpose. Dean looks at the blackness under his feet. He kneels, letting his fingers skate across what feels like ice, smooth and slippery and freezing. He thinks he can see… something beneath the surface.
That Castiel would never know anything beyond the
. But now, her heart is hurting. She has to make peace with her disappointment, but no one can dictate how long it will take or whether or not she’ll be able to handle being
The steady, mechanical
giving himself hell over wanting to give Cas the benefit of the doubt even after he betrayed them. How badly he had hurt Dean, and still Dean’s insides twisted sickeningly at the thought of Castiel’s face, bathed in firelight, eyes wide and piercing, begging for understanding. All the lying and miscommunication, the total inability to simply be upfront – on both sides – piled up so goddamn high over the years it threatened to topple and crush him, and all the while he
“Yeah, Cas, gimme your phone,” Dean repeats, waggling his fingers in a
“But now,” Sam says, leaning forward while Dean leans away. “Now it’s just adorable.”
The reflection of Dean under his feet dropped to its knees, hands on the ground. He was still shouting, still without sound. Crouching, hoping for a better view, Castiel saw real panic in Dean’s eyes as the other man struck at the ground with a closed fist. He watched Dean sit back on his heels, the desperate glances he threw in all directions before resting his face in his hands. He watched as Dean’s shoulders lifted and fell before he set them, firm determination in their line.
“Dean,” Cas says, turning to him. He’s gonna ask again and Dean doesn’t want to see the hopeful look on Cas’ face go flat with disappointment.
Just loads of angst. Castiel POV.
In the beginning – in the beginning Dean had taken the feelings blooming inside him, new and terrifying and
He loves that having Cas in his arms has taken him from absolutely wolverine-furious to powerfully affectionate in only moments. He loves that Castiel provides him peace, just by being here. Just by staying.
But, thinking that perhaps it’s time to be bold, Dean bites his lip and sticks his hand in, hooking his index finger under the dragon’s body and drawing it slowly out of the cup. The dragon wakes as it feels itself being lifted, and tries to cling with its pinprick claws for a moment to the edge of the ceramic, but Dean gives a gentle tug and the dragon lets go. With a small smile, Dean lifts the dragon so they are eye to eye, cradling the lower half of its long body in one hand.
Castiel looks at his palms before reaching for the cuffs of his shirt, unbuttoning them and rolling the sleeves slowly up to his elbows. Dean watches, fascinated, as Castiel reveals his arms, covered in more of the glowing circles. Now that Dean’s looking more closely, he notices they’re more ovular than strictly round. He’s staring, he knows he is, but Dean can’t help it; for one thing, he can’t remember the last time he saw so much of Cas’ skin all at once, and something about the way Cas’ forearms look, all exposed like that, makes Dean’s mouth go suddenly dry.
“I thought – I dunno, I thought me givin’ up on what you sacrificed yourself for would fuck you up the most.” He grinned sheepishly. “Kinda bratty, I know.”
I do not trust the show at this point to give Castiel back to us and I'm still just
his voice. “Neither did I, to be honest.”
happen…?”
– his laughter.
A trip to the hospital and fifty-six stitches later, Castiel lay in his bed under the eaves in the attic, right arm cradled against his chest and gaze on the stars through his window.
Castiel breaks the kiss with a frown.
They fall silent again and remain so until Dean hears the rumble of Baby’s engine pulling up, and then Sam’s heavy footfalls as he returns.
Sam lays the pestle down on the table with a jarring
have what he wants. And what he wants right now is to make Dean feel good, too.
He’d said it like – like it was
“Uh,” he starts, looking down at the innocuous paper cup in his hands, trying to remember what it was he’d come back to the counter to say. “You made me the wrong drink, dude,” he finally blurts out, wincing a little at the blunt delivery. So much for smooth or adorable.
“Sure you can’t lend us a hand?” Dean pleads one last time. He shakes his hands out, nervous energy needing an outlet as Sam continues to prepare the spell they found to open a gateway into the Empty.
Dean unscrews the lid, and the sound of the metal scraping against the glass sets his teeth on edge. For a moment, with the contents of the jar open to the air, Dean can only sit and stare. A bird warbles off somewhere near the tree line. Wind rustles the treetops, the grass. Clouds drift lazily across a cornflower blue sky and the world continues its relentless march regardless of Castiel’s absence. Dean tips a handful of ash out into his palm. The breeze stirs it, threatens to grab it out of Dean’s hand. He closes his fingers reflexively, wanting to give Castiel to the earth on his own terms.
, how old is he, thirteen? But the longer they stare at each other in silence, the more he comes to realize that yes, he really did just say that and… yes, he does actually mean it.
With a sigh, Cas tucks himself under Dean’s chin and presses closer, and a single butterfly flitters around in Dean’s belly, brazen and buoyant.
trying to piece it together, sort through the tangled mess in his mind. He’s aware of a few physical sensations: his hands, gripping his hair so tight it burns. His eyes, stripped and dry from crying. His ass, cold from the concrete underneath him, flat and unyielding and doing less to make him feel grounded and more to make him feel literally and figuratively numb.
“Guess I’m your husband now?” he says with a smile, and Cas chirps at him, a tiny whooping sound that Dean decides to interpret as a laugh. Castiel nuzzles up against Dean’s neck, pressing his face there and peppering Dean’s skin with little lick-kisses, enthusiastic and joyful and clearly very pleased with Dean’s declaration.
body?… was kinda. Y’know. Epic?”
They break apart with the impact but crash back together immediately, Dean digging fingers into Cas’ hair, tugging, gripping like Cas is the only thing keeping him anchored to reality. Cas opens his mouth under Dean’s, and Dean hears himself make a completely mortifying noise of pleasure and relief before taking the invitation for what it is and dipping his tongue into Cas’ mouth for a taste. He drops his hands to Cas’ wrists, fingers still twisted into Dean’s shirt, and presses Cas further back into the wall with his body. Dean untangles Cas’ hands from his shirt, threading their fingers together and pressing them against his own chest. He pulls away just enough to see all of Cas’ reddened face.
Sam is leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest, wearing the smuggest smirk Dean has ever seen on another human being and eyeballing them like he’s about to bust out the glitter and a big rainbow pride flag right there in the hallway outside the kitchen. He tips his head up, leans his torso forward and enunciates very clearly:
The dragon instantly perks up, standing straighter on his tiny legs, wings flared out and head held high, making himself look much bigger. Blue eyes sparkle up at Dean in approval as he whips the tip of his tail back-and-forth and squeaks in obvious pleasure. He jumps forward and latches onto Dean’s thumb, licking at the pad in short, delicate bursts and looking up at Dean like… like he hung the damn moon, or something.
A cosmic fish hook catches behind Dean’s belly button and tugs, and in the span of time it takes him to blink, they’ve all gone from a filthy barn in Bumfuck, Nowhere to standing in the bunker’s library, everything clean and brightly lit and neat as a pin. Dean checks on Sam, who teeters next to him, reeling on his feet. Damn. It’s been a
“Dean,” Castiel ventures, rolling his tumbler between his palms. “I hope you’ll let me —”
So, Castiel is back from the Empty, and he’s less than thrilled about it. For starters, he comes back without his grace, which, yeah, Dean can see why Cas is pissed about
Dean doesn’t know what to say, still astonished at Castiel’s willingness to rebel for him after all this time.“Cas —”
“Well damn, Cas, tell me how you really feel,” he says, trying for humor, to keep things light, but it seems Castiel is determined not to allow the deflection.
and I feel like the showrunners did Misha so dirty and that makes me want to flip every fucking table in existence. It puts his absence in
He stomps all the way to his room, feeling the cloying tension in the library sliding over his skin, following him as he disappears deeper into the bunker, far away from Dean.
It had to be.
, Cas?”
A sweet, tender warmth flourishes behind Dean’s ribcage as he watches Cas sleep from atop the balcony, an affectionate smile overtaking his features and making him feel giddy. He tries to dispel the sensation and walk cautiously down the stairs, not wanting to disturb the sleeping angel. He shrugs out of his jacket and drapes it over the back of a chair, and gives himself permission to just
Sometimes, though, Castiel catches Dean giving him this
He wasn’t… he wasn’t
pacing for you.”
“I’ll explain, I will,” Dean rushes to say, “and I definitely,
At first, Dean is baffled as to how the dragon keeps getting inside his house. At night he makes sure he’s closed all the windows. He knows there aren’t any mouse holes for it to use – he’d gone around the house in the sweltering end days of summer making sure everything was plugged up, no critters overwintering inside, thank you very much. He doesn’t think dragons can
. It felt incredible, and terrifying, to keep a secret from John like that.
And what a sight he is. Dean can’t seem to stop himself from looking at Castiel’s long fingers, his broad shoulders, the beautifully sculpted tendons of his feet. His eyes flick up to Castiel’s face and he takes in his huge blue eyes and the sharp, clean line of his jaw. Dean finds, as his eyes rove over Castiel’s naked form, that he can’t help staring at the glorious curve of his biceps.
Dean is quiet, absorbing this hypothetical with every ounce of calm he can muster. He clears his throat and then asks, kinda terrified, “Mate?” He knows, he
But – a part of Castiel, small and quiet, is not satisfied with Dean pretending Castiel hadn’t said anything. It whispers to Castiel at night that he…
dammit; this is not supposed to happen.
The brush of feathers against his shoulders and arms should make him jump, but Dean finds the touch unexpectedly comforting and familiar.
“Just– ask him about what happened when you were dead.”
They’re both tying aprons on and setting up for the morning rush when he makes this announcement, so he is met with an eye roll instead of the delighted squeal he was expecting.
drunk, but he’s enough drunk to know linear thought is going to be a challenge.
“I’m glad,” Castiel murmurs, awash in a contentment he hasn’t felt since long before he flew into Perdition to rescue the Righteous Man. A final piece of the puzzle slotted into place, Castiel realizes, at last, he’s home.
Dean chews on his lip and decides, fuck it, he’s constantly getting in his own way, so sabotaging having Cas back and here, on Earth, with
thank you very much. And you know what, he has no problem saying so. “Look, Sammy, me an’ Cas are in the middle of something, here.” He watches his brother’s eyebrows shoot up to his hairline, though Dean is too tired to care how surprised Sam seems to be. For what feels like the first time in his life, Dean is going to let
“Can I, uh.” Dean clears his throat and tries again: “Um, a small iced coffee, please. Milk and sugar.” He jams his hands in his pockets while Mr. Cool-As-A-Cucumber-Has-All-The-Chill rings him up, rocking onto the balls of his feet.
“Hey, hey, I got you, Cas,” Dean says, low and soft. He takes Castiel’s hands, unexpectedly cold, and holds them between his own for a moment, kisses the very tips of his fingers. “I got you,” he repeats, and pulls Castiel’s hands up around his own neck, holding them there before sliding his hands down Castiel’s forearms and resting them lightly in the crook of his elbows. They lean into each other until their foreheads touch, eyes locked, breaths mingling in the scant space between them. He watches a tear slide down Castiel’s face and raises his hand to catch it, pushes his fingers into Castiel’s hair. Closes his eyes and just
Castiel wraps his arms around Dean and pulls him in, shifts forward on the edge of the bed to press against him. Dean radiates heat wedged between Castiel’s legs, warm hands landing on Castiel’s hips and pinning him for a moment. Then Dean inches up Castiel’s body, guiding him to lie back on the bed. He settles between Castiel’s thighs and gives a languorous dip of his tongue into Castiel’s mouth before kissing all along his throat.
But sooner or later, Dean finds himself back at Castiel’s throat, unable to help himself. He smells
Dean would have been happy with that. He would have. Knowing Cas was alive, even if he didn’t want to — to
from his goddamn
“Don’t forget,” Castiel murmurs, tilting his chin up, looking into Dean’s face. “I love every bit of you that exists, Dean Winchester. I’ve seen you in the depths of your heaviest despair, and I’ve seen the heights of your joy. Nothing I know of you or might learn will change the way I feel.”
When the last bits of Castiel’s Grace have eddied into the vial, Dean shoves the stopper in and wraps it in an old bandana he’s got in his jacket pocket before tucking it carefully away. He squeezes his eyes shut, counts to ten, and then digs his arms under Cas’ armpits and propels himself to his feet. He takes three steps back, dragging Cas’ dead weight, before he trips and crashes down in a heap of tangled limbs.
with him and Cas, because it’s
Castiel stares silently into his whiskey, his mouth twisted in a sour frown. He glances quickly at Dean and then back to his drink. “I did hear your prayers, yes,” he says finally, conspicuously looking anywhere but at Dean. “I didn’t answer any of them because I — ” His frown deepens and he tosses back the contents of his glass, catching a stray drop and rolling his tongue over his lower lip, which Dean does not notice because that’s not the sort of thing Dean is allowed to notice. Especially not about Cas, and especially not right now when he’s so mad and confused and — and
to do with the fact that each time Dean wakes the small creature, it looks up at him with an intelligent gaze that Dean is weirdly intrigued by. And it’s
don’t,” Castiel says primly, pushing a hand into Dean’s hair and stroking a thumb down the side of his freckled face. “But
Cas lets out a sigh and Dean moves with Cas’ exhale. The feathers of his wings press against Dean’s side, warm and glowing more brightly as the sun continues to sink.
not to do anything stupid.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean yelps, scrambling back against the headboard and shoving at Cas to no avail. The dragon’s jaws remain clamped shut, teeth firmly dug into muscle, claws wrapped in the sleeve of Dean’s t-shirt. His long body is draped over Dean like a sash and he alternates between a low rumbling growl and his softer, contented purring. Dean is surprised to find himself fighting back the sting of tears. It would figure he couldn’t even share his feelings about a
“I can think of at least a few occasions,” Castiel says with a small smile. He tightens his grip on Dean’s hand, reminding Dean that they are still touching, still connected. “Mostly involving cowboys or pie,” he adds, offhand in a way that makes Dean think Cas is actually
Nothing fancy about it. Just iced coffee. How the guy had gone from “an iced coffee, please” to “fancy tea latte thing” was beyond Dean, but luckily he realized before he got too far away from the counter and spun back to catch the guy’s attention.
ass?”
Dean doesn’t wait to see if Sam’s really gone. He drops his duffle on the floor and crosses the kitchen to stand in front of Cas, hesitating only a second before reaching out and pulling him into a hug. They were both gross; it didn’t matter. He needed to hold onto Cas for a minute and he suspected the feeling was mutual.
Hope was going to get them killed.
Letting out a shaky breath, Dean meets Castiel’s gaze. “Yeah,” he whispers, and Castiel smiles at him.
“Dean…”
He grits his teeth on a groan, holds onto the sheets for dear life, and bears it.
“Okay,” Sam says, pushing his book away and turning to face Dean. “And?”
and have no inkling of it at all.
“You ready?” Sam says into the silent room.
“Mmm, yes,” Cas murmurs, sliding his hands around Dean’s back, digging his fingers in. Dean arches up into him and reaches for a handful of feathers. Cas drops his head to Dean’s shoulder with a groan.
,” he mutters to himself as he pulls them away from the curb and points his Baby towards home.
Castiel – that absolute
and the way the air was full of the ticklish smell of daisies. He closes his eyes, pictures the blue sky. Imagines Cas, in Heaven, he guesses, sitting in the field next to him. They’re right next to each other, but Cas shimmers at the edges, ethereal and unreal – and of course, he isn’t real. But he sits and regards Dean solemnly all the same, kind, gentle, loving. He looks at Dean as though he is something precious and lifts his mouth in the smallest of smiles, still mostly telegraphed through the crinkles at the corner of his eyes.
and lays the book down on his nightstand. The movement disturbs Castiel, who lets out a disgruntled chirp as he slides down Dean’s side to the mattress.
Some nights Dean falls asleep mid-sentence, Castiel’s body wrapped around his arm, tail feathers twitching against his elbow. Other nights, he’ll be reading and Cas will curl up on his chest, feathery wings folded against his iridescent scales, poking his nose into the crook of Dean’s elbow when he wants to be petted. Without thinking about the
, though I think for the next week I'll be avoiding all my social media, I'm so beside myself. ;____;
– around his neck and then mashing a hat Eileen had knitted for him down on his head. The long tan trench coat he’d picked out at their local thrift shop hangs off his frame, giving him a slightly starved look, and as much as Dean hates the thing (he’d argued that it was going to be too cold for such a light jacket soon, anyway, but Castiel had been insistent), he knows that Castiel likes it, and that’s all that matters. It turns out Castiel happens to have an eye for the strange, the weird, the discarded. Like the coat, and the mug, and Dean.
, in all the ways that are important. He pushes himself away from the wall and invades Cas’ space, letting him encircle Dean with the silvered outline of his inky wings. He kisses Castiel again, dropping one hand to Cas’ back where his wings sprout, ethereal and mostly insubstantial, only he can feel the downy feathers whispering beneath his fingers. Castiel lets out a sound that makes Dean feel hot all over, so Dean twists his fingers into the fluffy feathers again.
He goes back inside trying not to feel like a total jerk.
Sitting back and regarding Dean with a hooded gaze, Cas runs a hand into his wild hair and then uses it to gesture vaguely at Dean to continue.
.” His eyes, already so blue, seem to flash in the murky light of the bedroom. He pushes himself to the edge of the bed and slides off of it, walking over to Dean and crouching in front of him. Dean feels a flush climb up his neck to his cheeks, and keeps his eyes steadfastly on Castiel’s face.
“Dean, say something,” Castiel pleads, his voice suddenly small.
The circumstances were… less than ideal, that day.
of Cas here besides his memories. The last time… with the Leviathan… he’d at least been able to hold onto Castiel’s coat. Now, there’s nothing.
Castiel’s hand darts out from under the sheet and he grips Dean’s wrist, forcing Dean to pause and look at him. His eyes are wide and open, too sincere, boring another hole into Dean’s painstakingly constructed defenses. “I already have,” he says, and the words hit Dean like a physical blow. It’s the first time Cas has mentioned anything about his sacrifice since coming back, and even though Dean’s been on pins and needles waiting for it, it still lands like a thunderbolt.
Dean shakes his head and stuffs the last of his BLT into his mouth, talking around the bite of sandwich as he pushes back from the table. “Right. I’m heading into town.” He stands and makes a run for it like the chickenshit he is.
He remembers.
nesting.”
Tentative but determined, Castiel takes hold of Dean’s hand, wrapping it snug between both of his. Warm. The touch feels different. Reverent, almost. “Dean,” he begins, holding Dean’s gaze for as long as Dean allows it, “you must know by now that, disappointed or no, I will always come back to you. And I know how hard it is for you to lay yourself bare. So yes. Yes, I do know. I think I have… always known.” Cas looks down at their hands, joined between them. “But I always thought, if you wanted to make something of it, you would tell me. I’ve waited. I will keep waiting, if that’s what you want. But I will spare you the guessing game and tell you that I… feel the same.”
“Now,” Castiel pants, another tormented sound slipping out of him, “we can go to your room.”
Castiel takes a long, hard look at Dean, and Dean, well. He’s always felt Cas’ gaze like a weight, but this feels like he’s looking more closely than he’s ever done. The scrutiny is intense. It makes Dean want to squirm where he sits, like a schoolboy caught doing something naughty. His face suddenly feels like it’s on fire. He finds he can’t look away from his own hands, afraid of what he’ll see if he does.
“Hey, Cas, hey,” Dean says, his voice automatically dropping, hushed and soothing. “Don’t move, buddy, okay? We’re gonna get you out of here.” He turns to Sam and tosses him Baby’s keys. “Go start her up, Sam,” he says, deigning to ignore the way Sam’s eyebrows climb his forehead when his brother turns and sprints for the nearest exit.
Shaken, Castiel expels all the breath in his lungs in a rush. Dean tenses, relaxes, and finally meets his eyes.
Silent, they hold on to each other and watch as the snow continues to drift lazily down from the sky.
“I — ” Dean squirms, rubbing the back of his neck. He glances down the hallway toward the bedroom where Cas is sleeping and clears his throat, at a loss for words, and anyway he’s pretty sure he couldn’t get anything out past the nerves threatening to choke him right now.
Dean started out by telling himself it’s because the coffee shop is on his way to the garage, but he’s just not stupid enough to fool himself like that.
Dean huffs a laugh. It’s a sound entirely devoid of joy. “‘The circumstances,’” he echoes, taking another drink.
“Form?” Dean echoes, feeling obtuse.
“Charlie, because I am your friend,” Castiel says, wry, “I will give you the satisfaction of being right about the phone number. But I challenge you to find anything
More likely, he thought, it was only the beginning of the rest of his eternity of suffering at the hands of the Empty: to be forever caught and caged, held on the precipice of rejoining that which he loved the most but never given the satisfaction of the leap. Or worse, forced to look on helplessly as Dean suffered through Castiel’s loss. Castiel wasn’t stupid. He knew saving Dean as he had was going to hurt him. But he’d be alive to feel hurt. He’d be alive to overcome it and move on.
“I mean,” he says at last, “I
“Sam was bound to make assumptions. I only want to avoid any misunderstandings.”
He stops, unable to articulate exactly what he wants. He hasn’t had a ton of time to think about it, and years of desires brutally squashed down are flooding to the forefront of his mind, eager to be unleashed. He doesn’t know where to start. All Dean knows is that he needs to get Cas someplace private so he can worship him the way he deserves.
Dean starts finding Cas asleep all over the bunker: at the kitchen table at 2 a.m., the library table mid-afternoon, the laundry room one morning, even on the stairs leading up to the front door. It’s like he’s just nodding off wherever he happens to be when the urge strikes, an angelic narcoleptic whose grace keeps spilling out of him, taking strange forms when it’s visible to the naked human eye.
I want to do to you, Dean Winchester.”
“Just like that, Cas,” Dean says, encouraging, and the wave of sensation crashes in on Castiel, tipping him over and spilling him open, hot splashes of come landing on his already-too-warm skin. He’s gripping Dean’s biceps, stunned by the force of his orgasm, stunned by the sensation that only a fraction of his essence is crammed into this vessel and the rest of him is flung out into world somewhere, walking on some adjacent plane. He gulps in air, smaller and smaller gasps as he calms himself. Glances at his stomach and runs a curious thumb through the fluid cooling there, brings his thumb to his mouth. Dean’s face goes violently red.
“He’s g-gone, Sammy,” he chokes out, the first words he’s spoken aloud in what feels like eons. “He’s gone and I– I couldn’t do anything, I couldn’t–” Dean can’t finish, can’t
Dean is sitting at the kitchen table nursing a glass of whiskey when Castiel comes to find him. He does his best not to hunch his shoulders defensively. Given how this day has ended up, Dean figures he deserves a drink, or maybe three. He stares at his glass and hopes he’s not in for a lecture.
instead of zapping his sanctified celestial ass down here
Sam is silent, and while he chews over whatever bullshit question he’s about to ask, Dean digs the heels of his hands into his eyes until he sees red and orange fireworks bursting in the darkness.
Mouth twisted into a sour frown, Castiel jerks a pen from the tin can behind the register and reaches around to the napkin dispenser, grabbing a brown rectangle and making a huge show of writing his name and number on the paper. Capping the pen, he tucks the napkin carefully into his wide apron pocket and turns back to Charlie, who gives him a triumphant smirk before getting back to her morning prep.
“Okay,” Dean says. “
. A few weeks ago, he’d had a job application for a local garage on his desk — just thinking about it, nothing serious yet — but he was considering… retirement. He thinks it bears further, solid deliberation. Maybe he does have a shot at the apple-pie life now, if he wants it. Sam, too, though Dean’s certain his brother is going to follow Eileen to the ends of the earth and he doesn’t see her giving up hunting any time soon.
get to do this. Dean’s surprised to find he feels like he might float away.
“Shit,” Dean mutters. He chews his own lip for a minute before putting his coffee down on top of the pastry case and holding his hand out to Castiel. “Gimme your phone.”
His undead ass is utterly, completely
He tips the last of Cas’ ashes into his palm and hesitates, suddenly and inexplicably torn. In their line of work, he knows, when someone dies you have to let all of them go, or risk them being stuck, forever, on this plane of existence. He knows this, he
okay?”
He’s still reeling. He doesn’t know if he’ll ever stop.
“He’s been really weird this week,” he continues into the silence.
Sam glances over at Eileen again, then buries his nose back in his book. “Gonna wait till Eileen goes home,” he mumbles, and Dean has to bite down hard on the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing.
“Dean,” Castiel finally says, soft and surprised. He raises his eyes to Dean’s face and Dean sees that he’s blushing, too, the pinkness in Castiel’s cheeks somehow making him even more handsome. When he doesn’t say anything more, Dean fidgets on the bench and looks away.
“Yeah, Cas,” he finally answers, muffled against Castiel’s throat. “Yeah, I am.” The flutter of his lips against skin sends a tingling shower of sparks across the backs of Castiel’s arms, but it’s nothing compared to the way Castiel’s heart thumps so hard, he’s certain it’s going to burst. It
” the Cas-apparition growls as he yanks Dean forward into his arms, and, okay,
A slow smile spreads across the other man’s face, and he glances down at the cup in Dean’s hands, too, before slowly dragging his gaze up to meet Dean’s again. Something warm in his gaze sends a tiny shiver through Dean. No mistaking it, the guy is definitely checking him out. Dean feels his cheeks grow hot.
anything about the handsome green-eyed man who has been coming into the shop a few mornings a week, only that he only ever orders an iced coffee and his name is Dean. Still, Castiel couldn’t help but notice him, with his long lashes and pouting mouth and the freckles sprinkled across his cheeks. And the way he filled out his t-shirts… or his jeans,
It makes sense. It makes sense, but Dean can’t think, not with Castiel’s voice ringing in his ears and a pounding headache starting up at his temples. He looks up at Sam, frantic, and watches as Sam springs into action, striding over to a glass-doored cabinet and wrenching it open, risking his hearing by taking his hands from his ears to reach in amongst the tiny glass bottles and loose bundles of herbs inside. He grabs a few things from the shelves, inspecting them quickly, then turns and looks around, dashing to the other side of the room to retrieve a small brass bowl from the dead witch’s desk.
Dean strokes a long line down Castiel’s back, wondering if he ever misses his feathery wings, and drops a kiss to Castiel’s hair. “Everything okay?” he asks gently, twisting quite impressively to set his muffin behind him on the counter next to his coffee without breaking Castiel’s hold on him.
Dean takes a deep breath. And another, for good measure. Lets it out nice and slow. Sam would be proud of him. He raises his head and scrubs his hands down his face, then glances over at Castiel, whose blue, blue eyes ask Dean a hundred questions. Dean takes one more breath, slowly through his nose, really taking a moment to
When he finally reached their picnic blanket, Meg was furiously stuffing her towel into a neon pink backpack covered in pins and patches. She threw a glare at him over her shoulder before she reached for her shorts and pulled them on over her bathing suit, movements jerky. When she bent to grab her backpack and throw it over one shoulder, Castiel saw she was still crying.
“I get it if you don’t wanna wear it, it’s okay– I just thought, I mean. You gave me something of yours, I just wanted to– I mean, obviously I don’t have like, feathers or anything–”
They fall silent again. Carefully, Castiel draws his legs in and sits cross-legged under the quilt. “Did Sam know what you were planning?” he asks quietly.
“Actually, yeah,” he says. “’Night, Sam.” He hangs up on Sam’s squawking protests and tosses his phone back on the nightstand. It lands and rattles Castiel’s mug, long abandoned at this point, in favor of Cas sleeping curled up on top of Dean at night. Dean touches a finger to the rim of the mug. He smiles to himself.
It was… definitely not.
“Christ,” he swears, hand over his heart like he’s some wilting maiden. “Jesus, Cas, you scared the shit outta me.”
and it is way too early in the morning to be dealing with what’s happening in his pants without coffee first.
/rēyōōnyən/
“Dean–”
“I’m grabbing. I’m. Uh. I’m grabbing some water,” Sam says, walking into the kitchen on unfairly steady legs. He calls back over his shoulder at Dean, “Do you want some water? You should have some water, Dean.”
Dean’s shoulder burns but Cas won’t let go. Dean grits his teeth and tries to breathe through the pain and his automatic reaction, his hands around Castiel’s wiry body slowly unclenching. Long minutes pass with Dean breathing hard through his nose, reaching for patience, hoping that if he relaxes, then maybe Cas will relax, too.
They both glance up at the door when Sam’s hulking frame comes into view. Dean shifts in his seat, both hands wrapped in a white-knuckled grip around the tumbler of whiskey.
Closing his eyes, Castiel let the susurration of Dean’s voice wash over him. He clung even more desperately to the happiness that brought him here, certain that once he lost his grip on it, the torment of eons would come crashing down on him like a tidal wave.
Dean’s pulse races as half-forgotten wisps of memory surface: the rack, the unbearable heat, the screams. Pure, white light piercing through the black and brimstone glow of Hell, refreshing as a mountain spring. Comforting warmth, like a blanket and fresh-from-the-oven chocolate chip cookies, and then blissful nothingness.
“Alright, alright,” Dean mutters to himself, chewing on his lip. He looks at Cas and reaches out to push sweaty hair off his forehead without thinking about it. They sit in silence, just existing side by side, tiny wisps of grace swirling up out of Cas only to get sucked back in moments later as he breathes. Dean can’t stop petting Cas’ hair and Cas doesn’t call him on it, lying there with his gaze fixed, thoughtful and exhausted, on Dean’s face. Feeling weirdly exposed, Dean shrugs and grunts out, “What?”
“What deal?”
Castiel’s vessel lays sprawled between the shortened cornstalks, and even though Dean knows he’s
“Good. The croissants aren’t going to bake themselves, you know what I’m saying?”
Cas’ tiny, self-satisfied smile as he turns to head into the hallway lives rent-free in Dean’s head for days.
Well, Dean immediately hates the sound of
part, but if the conversation they’d had a few days ago about… that time Castiel was
“Hey!” Dean exclaims, indignant. “I eat bacon all the time and
His own eyelids growing heavy, Dean shifts so Cas can lay beside him, and they rearrange themselves to fit together in Dean’s bed, now made completely perfect according to his deservedly high sleeping standards. Castiel drops his head to Dean’s shoulder and their legs tangle together. His wings encircle them both, a glimmering curtain of protection and love made manifest.
He couldn’t stop it any more than he could have stopped an oncoming train, but Dean’s guilt still gnaws at his gut, hot and acidic.
In the meanwhile, he sat atop the tumultuous ocean of pain in this place, buoyed and clinging to the love that brought him here, and remembered: Dean knew, now. He knew he was loved, and precious, and good, and Castiel was overjoyed. He gathered his joy around him like armor against the dark, and he sat, and he waited.
Dean can feel his face turning red. “Yeah. Mom always talked about ’em, I dunno, I just thought–”
Eileen to him. Dean’s a lot of things, but he’s not an idiot, and he’s not an asshole. He knows when to back off the teasing.
“I don’t know how long I’ve been here,” Dean continued, voice lowered, rough in prayer. “I don’t know if I’ll ever leave this place. But, Cas, I swear. I swear to you. I’m going to find you if it’s the last thing I do. I don’t care how many –
ing in mock disappointment. “Didn’t take you for a fuckin’ fairy, Winchester,” Lee Chambers said, emerging from the shadows at the side entrance to the school, flicking a cigarette butt into the dark beside him.
with you, Cas?” Dean suddenly blurts, remembering another deathbed confession, a lifetime ago now. “You don’t– you don’t get to tell me you love me
He glances around at the familiar space, his home, now, for the last seven years. He’d always thought it felt that way because of Sam, but he knows better, now.
” and then makes himself conspicuously absent for days at a time. Maybe it’s because he’s started wondering if Cas’ lips would be soft, or dry and chapped like they’ve always looked; he’s started wondering if Cas would kiss him tentative and unsure, or fiery and assertive, or so goddamn tender it’ll make Dean weak in the knees.
the nerd.
Dean raises his eyes slowly from his hands to look Castiel in the eye. It feels like following through on a dare. “To
“I mean,” Sam hedges, tilting his head back to look up at Cas’ face high, high above them. “It’s possible that his vessel’s been made unusable.”
(See the end of the chapter for
With his thoughts thus occupied, Castiel noticed the change in pressure around him: a silencing, abrupt, as though every tormented creature inside the Empty had suddenly become mute, or vanished from existence entirely. All that remained when Castiel opened his eyes was the disturbing roil of the oil-slick ground beneath his feet and the vanishing whispers of what sounded like his name.
, he thinks, suddenly chilly and thinking Castiel must be, too. Anyway, he’s ready to cozy up on his couch. It’s Halloween month after all, and he has his yearly movie re-watch to plow through. He lets Cas run about for a moment longer before standing and stretching. “C’mon,” he says. Though Castiel seems reluctant to leave his mock-battles behind, he allows Dean to scoop him up into his arms. The dragon tucks himself away inside Dean’s jacket, hugging himself against Dean, body trembling with cold. A carefree smile creeps across Dean’s face without his permission. “I’ll make us some hot chocolate when we get home.”
“You dork,” Dean says fondly, tipping Castiel’s face up and kissing him, slow and sweet, leaning back against the counter. He pulls back and Castiel whines, annoyed, but Dean drops a quick kiss on his nose and smiles. “C’mon, let’s get you back to bed,” he says. “You try to get some more sleep, and I’ll be back to pick you up around four-thirty, okay?” Castiel grumbles but complies, and together they get him settled under a mound of blankets before Dean goes back to the kitchen to finish his coffee.
Thumbs stroking gently over its belly, Dean sees a long, thin, azure stripe starting between the dragon’s forelegs and stretching all the way down to disappear into the feathery tip of its tail. How he hadn’t noticed the stripe before now escapes him, but it’s there, plain as day. His little dragon is definitely a boy dragon. A boy dragon that is currently limp as a cooked noodle in Dean’s hands, purring softly at having its belly stroked, eyes closed in a picture-perfect representation of total tranquility. When Dean follows the line of the stripe with his finger, end-to-end, the dragon stirs, looking up at him with hooded eyes, its little body trembling.
and now we've got a huge soulmate!AU planned and in the works lol. This will eventually serve as the first chapter of another fic, one of these days.
After a moment, Dean blows out a breath and runs his hands through his hair before grasping his glass again, thoughtful. He shakes his head at himself and keeps his eyes on the table as he speaks. “But I guess I shouldn’t be that surprised,” he says finally.
Dean groans as
All of the stuff with Chuck and Jack was cool, but felt
“Dean?” Cas says, looking up at the dark sky, his rumbling voice low, all curves and softness. Dean thinks he can hear his pulse from this close.
not act on his instinct to answer Dean’s prayer, and yet every molecule of him was desperate to do so.
and scream about deancas with us!
“Uh, thanks, Cas. I guess. For, you know. Correcting that assumption,” Sam says, sounding strangled.
With wings.
bit above shuffling-zombie status.
He laughs when Charlie’s only response is to huff and march into the back room to clock out.
“You know you’re just making things harder for him, right?” Sam says, apropos of nothing whatsoever.
Castiel was meant to stay here forever.
Dean seems to think something over before blurting out, “Can I have you for– I mean, can I
“Cas,” he says aloud, or at least he’s pretty sure he’s spoken aloud, “I’m here, I’m comin’ for you, I gotta, I can’t– shit. Help me find you, man.”
“Well, maybe we’ll try that next weekend,” he muses. “Have Sammy and Eileen over. I’ll make burgers,” he says in a sing-song lilt, and Dean laughs again, louder this time, when Cas starts wriggling and squeaking excitedly over the mention of one of his favorite treats.
Dean laughs. “Guy’s last name was
The silence stretches between them for another beat before Dean visibly shakes himself. He swallows thickly and scrubs a hand through his hair, leaving his hand on the back of his neck as he says, “Hey, Cas.”
“Fine, you little monster,” he says with a laugh, rubbing Cas underneath his chin. “I guess this is just yours, now.” Castiel’s face is lifted to the ceiling, eyes closed in pleasure. Dean’s found over the last couple of weeks that his tiny companion likes having his chin scratched or his back pet. He loves when Dean rubs gently between his wings.
They’ve stopped walking, paused in the long corridor leading to the bedrooms. A long moment passes with Castiel studying Dean’s face from up close, brow furrowed as it is whenever he’s working out a particularly difficult puzzle. Dean sees the moment he decides to abort mission, but Dean’s pre-caffeinated brain is kinda tired of fighting this thing that’s been simmering between them from the very beginning and has, if he’s honest, boiled over since Castiel came storming back into his life like it’s where he’s supposed to be.
He hoped not, though.
He turned again but was met with more nothing; this time, however, Castiel was certain he heard his name. Prayer was not meant to reach him here.
He pulls back to look Castiel in the face. “I love you, too, Cas,” he murmurs, and if he’d felt free and light in the wake of Chuck’s defeat, well. Right now he thinks if he wasn’t holding on to Cas he’d legitimately float away.
“To you?” Cas asks softly, his eyes on Dean’s face. “Not to ‘us’?”
Sam nods, tapping his fingers on the table. He looks up at Castiel and says, no-nonsense, “Then believe me when I say: figure. your. shit. out. Or I am going to handcuff you together and lock you in the trunk of Dean’s car until you do.”
with said dragon without getting hurt.
With a laugh, Castiel leans down to kiss Dean’s nose. “I asked, has it not been like this for you before?”
Occasionally, slurping and sighing, a mug clunking onto a wooden surface.
“Dean, can I– will you–?” he starts, nodding to the mug he’s holding.
“Look, Dad, it wasn’t a big deal–”
But it’s said and done, now. All Dean can do is his best to honor Castiel’s memory.
But then like a lightning strike, he feels a tug behind his ribs, and suddenly he’s being yanked backwards through the Empty like a fish on the line. Dean crushes Castiel to him and closes his eyes, wishes he could block out the sound around them, too, and can only pray that if nothing else, seeing them come home safely is something Jack doesn’t consider “interfering.”
The smug look on Cas’ face as he helps Dean to his feet is, Dean has to admit, extremely well-earned.
“It had to be, um. Somethin’ really important. To you, y’know? Somethin’ that would hurt you bad if you lost it.
“You can’t just–” Dean protests, but Castiel cuts him off with a kiss.
Castiel goes still and glances over his shoulder. “Sam.” He looks after Dean again, then sighs and comes into the war room. He stops behind the chair Dean had just vacated and grabs onto the back of it with white-knuckled fingers, head bowed between his shoulders.
“Cas, I gotta ask,” he hedges, hoping he doesn’t stick his foot in his mouth. “Wouldn’t this be a whole lot easier Upstairs?” When Cas just frowns at him, Dean pointedly rolls his eyes to the ceiling. “In Heaven?”
, turns Castiel’s feelings upside-down and twists his stomach inside-out and begs the question: why
“Castiel is in the Empty,” Jack intones, profoundly sad and solemn. “It took him.” He looks at Dean, looks into his eyes and
“Fallin’ asleep next to you,” Dean manages before he succumbs completely to his dreams, which are, for once, wonderfully sweet.
He kisses Dean slow and savoring before laying his head on his chest, listening to his heart as it slows. They lie together, sweat cooling in the air-conditioned room, making Castiel itch. Eventually Dean gets up and shucks his pants and underwear, heads for the bathroom. Castiel listens to the tap turn on, the splash of water. He drifts, relaxed and sleepy, and comes back to himself when his own pants are being pulled off. Dean sits on the edge of the bed and reaches out to gently clean Castiel’s belly with a warm washcloth, peeking at Castiel’s face through his lashes as he does so, almost shy. When he’s satisfied, he chucks the washcloth somewhere near the bathroom and climbs onto the bed, dragging the comforter over them. The AC clicks off and leaves a vacuum of sound in its wake.
he does. “He was
Dean laughs again. “Yeah, I guess I do,” he agrees, rubbing at Cas behind the ears. His soft, rumbling purr fills the air as they all wander back in the direction of the kitchen in search of coffee and breakfast.
Pulse suddenly beating hard in his throat, Dean carefully tugs on his comforter and sheets, stunned by how profoundly terrified he is of finding a small, dead body in the bedding.
Feel free to come play on my tumblr if you're so inclined. I pretty much post 100% deancas nonsense.
“And are you?” Dean asks, quiet and serious. “Glad?”
he does. Dean’s never reached for anything good in his goddamn life, not after he learned that the hand that got stuck out usually got bit, or worse.
“Cas!” he calls again, following the rapidly dwindling flame of Castiel’s feather. There’s no sense of direction here, no landmarks, no way of orienting himself if the flame fails. He pushes himself to run, faster than he’s ever run in his life. Everything hurts. A warm trickle leaks from his left ear; blood, probably. It isn’t the first time he’s bled from the ears.
brought the subject up.
However many times Dean had imagined this – and he
“Okay, so, get this,” Dean hears Sam’s voice sounding tinny from the nightstand. He leans over, reaching for his phone and trying not to unbalance Castiel in the process. He presses the phone to his ear as Sam goes on, “remember how I told you Cas thought you were making a nest for him?”
,” he coughs into his fist. Sam glowers at him but doesn’t respond.
“What can I do for you?” he rumbles, and Dean finds himself having to clear his own throat, suddenly captured by an intense blue stare.
Dean still isn’t used to it), brushing against his back and side as they walk down the hall, tucked together. He swallows, and he watches Cas’ eyes track the motion before coming back to his face.
“Uh,” he starts, and has to drag in another breath that feels like glass going down. “Cas, Cas summoned it.” Dean squeezes his eyes shut, wanting nothing more than to erase the image from his mind of Castiel’s beatific face as he was swallowed whole, devoured by inky nothingness. “He, uh.” God
but Dean’s croissants aren’t going to bake themselves.
Eventually, Dean trudges back inside, his feet dragging. He supposes he shouldn’t be surprised. Cas is a wild thing, after all, and Dean has no real right to keep him. So what if Castiel had wormed his way into Dean’s heart? Cas belongs to himself and is free to go whenever he pleases. It’s kinda crazy that he’s stayed as long as he has.
With a sigh, Castiel carefully folds the panties and holds them, awkward, in his hand. He gathers his courage and marches down the hall, looking for Dean, finding him in his bedroom, sitting at his desk reading with the door ajar. He knocks on Dean’s doorframe, waiting for Dean to look at him and
“No,” the Empty says, and somehow Dean can hear it clear as day above the background of dissonant sound, like it’s speaking directly into his ear. “You cannot have him. He made the Deal. He knew its consequences.”
AU - canon divergence, canonverse, baking accidents, human!Castiel, fluff
“This is not real,” he said aloud, though he wasn’t sure if he wanted to convince himself or let the Empty know he couldn’t be pushed around so easily.
Castiel is kissing him like he’s a guttering candle and Dean is oxygen and it’s real nice, but then Cas leans back and cups Dean’s cheeks in his hands, blue eyes searching his face, pleased but a shadow of doubt lingering there.
good.”
“Cas?” Dean raps his knuckles on Cas’ door, holding onto the hot mug of peppermint tea he definitely didn’t make as an excuse to come check up on the angel. He and Sam stayed up into the early hours of the morning reading dusty old books, and Cas hasn’t made an appearance since Dean had gotten him settled in his room the night before. And, Dean reasons, if Cas is sleeping, he’ll probably need to eat and drink as well, and Dean dimly remembers Cas liking peppermint tea, the least molecule-flavored of all the teas, so it’s just a thoughtful, friendly gesture to bring him a cup.
was the one to come get you, so.” He shrugs again, diffusing a nervous energy.
“You’re pretty special, you know that, Cas?” Dean says at last. He shakes his head. “Never really thought of myself as a… an animal person. A pet person.” He hears the inquisitive chirp from somewhere inside his scarf and laughs softly. “I dunno. I’m real glad you decided you liked my taste in mugs, though.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, voice firming as he gathers up the pieces of himself shattered on the floor and tucks them back inside, slicing and pricking like shards of glass. He pushes himself slowly to his feet and finds his entire left leg has gone numb. “Sonuvabitch never stopped pulling the strings.” With a grunt, Dean stamps his left foot on the floor and feels the jangle of his prickling nerves from ankle to hip. “I don’t know how we’re gonna do it, Sammy, but we gotta take him out.”
Cupping Castiel’s face in his hands, Dean presses his forehead to Cas’ and drinks in his blue eyes from mere inches away. He closes his eyes for a minute and gives himself permission to feel what he knows is right as it settles over his body, over his heart like a shimmering latticework of light. What he’s known, really, since the moment he climbed out of his own grave all those years ago, and what has been reinforced every time he’s had to suffer through losing Castiel.
“Sam,” Dean says, flipping on his coffee maker, “it’s 6:30.
one. Seeing as how Dean has spent pretty much his entire life jumping from mattress to mattress, he knows he had a decent data set to pull from when he came up with his ideal conditions.
there's the nonsense with the
Sam continues to give him the sympathetic look for about another two seconds before rolling his eyes and wrenching the car door open. “No shit, Dean,” he says, ducking into the front seat. “I’ve lived with the two of you for
sleeping together, but we’re not having sex.”
“Cas?” Dean calls, turning to look behind him. He can’t believe he didn’t notice Castiel peeling away from the group.
, and when he spares a glance for Dean’s mouth Dean’s sure Cas has taken the bait. Only he sits back a moment later, eyes darting to the stage where the cover band is pounding out the opening riffs of
He did not make it home before the rain.
Turning his head to the side, Castiel is met with a most welcome sight – Dean Winchester, alive and breathing and very much asleep, chin to chest, a well-loved paperback copy of
Welp, I absolutely do plan on updating this weekly, so y'all will see chapter 3 next Thursday, November 19th, but...
“I can walk,” Cas snaps, something like anger sparking in his eyes before he deflates. “But I may need your help,” he adds, pushing up on his elbows. Dean lets him this time, sliding a hand under the crook of Cas’ arm, supporting him.
“Cas!” Dean calls, scrambling to his feet and rushing to the angel’s side. Castiel is sprawled on the floor like a rag doll, unconscious, and when Dean rolls him gingerly onto his back, he has an awful moment where he’s sent hurtling back to the lakeside in North Cove, cold damp earth soaking through the knees of his jeans and Cas’ wings burned into the ground. He shakes his head and blinks hard; no wings here. No wings.
But then, one morning when Dean is rushing out the door to work, throwing on his favorite green jacket, he notices a button on the cuff is missing. Thinking little of it, he stomps out into the chilly morning and goes about his day. That night, he sees a small olive-green button sitting next to Castiel’s mug.
nudity disturbs you?”
“Go talk to the kid. Maybe hit the books. We’ll figure this shit out later.”
. Which made Gabe’s capital-M mood even worse. Which of course made Dean’s mood even worse.
like Nightcrawler, but what does he know?
“Dean — ”
to have Dean acknowledge,
Dean’s bed’s got all the bells ’n’ whistles except for the someone-to-share-it-with part, but he’s pretty sure he could share it with Cas, if he can be brave enough. The warmth that surges through him at the thought of waking up next to Castiel gives Dean hope that eventually, he can be.
“No, Sam!” Dean barks, slamming his hand down on the table. “I’m not talking about this with you.” His voice ricochets off the walls. He curls his hand into a fist and repeats through clenched teeth, “We are not talking about this.”
– had the nerve to tell Dean the one thing he wanted, he couldn’t have? That being happy was just in the being, just saying it? That, essentially, Dean had spent the last few years tormenting himself about
he repeated to himself over and over, a white noise in the background of his brain to drown out how physically uncomfortable he was. His body felt like a bruise. He wanted to get home, get dry, and go to sleep.
Well, shit. Dean swallows thickly. He doesn’t want Castiel walking around thinking this is his fault. Dean can give Cas an honest answer, can’t he? After everything Cas has done for them – for
, powerful beyond measure and in many ways unknowable but still familiar, and all that’s left of him fits inside a large glass mason jar, the only thing Dean could find in the lakeside house to collect his best friend’s ashes.
“Sure thing, Cas,” Dean murmurs as he and Sam help Castiel climb, wobbling, to his feet. He looks shaky and shaken, and Dean’s insides coil up tight when he catches sight of Cas’ face
and they could have… all this time they could have –
Dean can’t help the way his mouth curls up into a smile. “No?”
Thanks, as always, and especially this go-around, to
’ cut Castiel to ribbons because he could not, he
“Like, it was kinda… beautiful, right?” Dean says without thinking, “Now that I’ve — seen him, I think I remember him coming to get me in Hell.”
again, weren’t you?” Dean asks quietly, fond smile blooming on his face.
Dean can hear his precious coffee dripping onto the kitchen floor, though he probably won’t need any now that he’s had his daily dose of adrenaline,
“Cas, what–?”
Cas is faceplanted on Dean’s bed, wings draped dramatically over the mattress to either side of him, his face slack and peaceful in sleep. Shit. Dean couldn’t have been gone more than ten minutes. A tiny spike of worry drives into Dean’s insides, and he makes it a point to ask Sam later if he’s had any luck getting a hold of Rowena.
He’s satisfied, at least, to see a blush rise on Cas’ face, too, though his sad, shy smile tugs painfully at Dean’s ribs.
could anyone be like this so early in the morning?
For some reason this question makes Dean flush to his hairline. He coughs, shakes himself, and crosses to the foot of Castiel’s bed. He doesn’t sit and Castiel doesn’t ask him to. They stare at each other, quiet and intense, until Dean blinks and looks away.
“Look, tomorrow’s Friday, right? Technically the weekend. Can I come get you around nine?” Dean asks, heart in his throat even though Cas was the one who asked first. When Cas hesitates, Dean adds with a grin, “It’s kind of a long drive to get where I wanna bring you.”
“I – oh –
Sam goes suddenly and completely silent and still as the words tumble out of his mouth unbidden.
As much as Dean loves his job, he recognizes the fundamental flaw in being both a baker and very decidedly
“I can’t help you with that part, Cas. I’m just saying. Don’t let him get away with keeping you in the dark. Okay? You know how stubborn he can be about this kind of thing.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Cas leans in close and pecks Dean on the lips. “I want,” he says, “to take you,” another kiss, “apart.” He murmurs this last against Dean’s mouth and the vibration of it sends a bolt of liquid heat shooting down his spine.
Cas. He knows if Cas decided to go, he’d put a brave face on it, but it would completely wreck him.
“Right,” he finally says, eyeing Dean critically. “And, are you — ?”
Maybe the next time it does come to a boil, though, he’ll think about a tranquil meadow, untroubled and languid, windmill in the distance turning slow and soothing. The place where a piece of him will stay, always, soaking up the sun and keeping Castiel company.
Dean snorts. “Joy? When have you seen me joyful, dude? Our lives ain’t exactly a picnic.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean tells him, relief coursing through him in a sudden rush. “Yeah, I really fuckin’ do.”
A groan rumbles in Dean’s throat as he empties out, and not even witnessing the birth of galaxies compares to the awe suffusing Castiel in this moment, so completely in love and thoroughly proud of himself for pulling such a sound from Dean. Some things can make Castiel feel insignificantly small, while others – the contented, pleased smile Dean gives him as he tugs gently on Castiel’s hair, for instance – make him feel enormous, as though there is no way this body can reasonably contain him.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel murmurs back, trying to calm his suddenly racing heart, butterflies let loose in his stomach. He’s spent twelve years thinking about every possible reason not to, but…
about him, too. Would it really kill him to let himself open up to that?
They didn’t stay long after that; Dean was gonna be late on curfew if he didn’t get going soon, and anyway they’d see each other at the lake tomorrow. As they walked back to where they’d parked their bikes, they chatted aimlessly about their plans for the rest of the summer, about comics they’d read and movies they’d seen (Dean had scraped up enough from busing tables at his Aunt Ellen’s to take Sammy to see
“Right,” he says to himself, before pulling his chair back over to his desk. He goes and grabs the broom from the kitchen, and sweeps shards of amber-colored glass and the remains of the light bulb into a glittering heap in the corner, to be dealt with later. He picks up all the papers and tosses them in a haphazard pile on his desk, also to be dealt with later. And he settles back on his bed with a fresh beer, scoops up his headphones, and lets the music wash over him.
“Okay,” he agrees at last, and he thinks he sees relief in Castiel’s eyes, too.
, now. If he didn’t do this – if he didn’t answer Castiel’s sacrifice with one of his own, then
comes in over the headphones. Dean’s vision blurs and he digs palms into his eyes again, forcing the tears back in where they belong. Fucking
? “He saved me, Sam,” Dean whispers, more fucking tears spilling over as he suddenly thinks Cas saved him in more ways than one today. “Billie, she– she was comin’ for me, man, and Cas–”
He doesn’t care what anyone else thinks, but: satiny sheets and the right comforter which, for Dean, is anything that keeps him warm in winter but doesn’t make him want to die of heat stroke in the summer.
, okay?
He sees Cas frown and plows on: “You don’t know– you have no idea how much– how bad it was when you were gone.  I couldn’t– ” Dean cuts himself off, horrified to realize he’s tearing up. He scrubs his hands over his face before cupping his eyes with the palms of his hands. He can feel how hot his skin is, burning and dry. He’s
Nope, he was wrong, this is most assuredly worse. “What the hell, Cas?” Dean chokes.
He pays for his coffee (which will inevitably come, first, as a tea) and drops a generous tip into the glass jar next to the register, little hand-drawn sign proclaiming
And here they were, pressed against each other, the spicy-sweet smell of Cas’ shampoo and an underlying earthiness invading Dean’s senses as he pretends to watch the stars instead of Castiel’s profile.
”s, warm, into the space between them, and Dean drops his head heavy onto Castiel’s shoulder with a groan. It vibrates through Castiel, another sensation crashing over him and making his brain feel soupy. He knows down to the atoms what is happening to his tangible self, which chemicals and their receptors are producing this euphoria, but Castiel is still at a total loss to explain how Dean’s hands, stroking him firm and sure, can make him feel holy again.
While he breathed through his nose, waiting for the pain to subside, Dean thought bitterly about how his evening had gone, how it had started out so carefree and ended with him wincing at the pain radiating from his shoulder, the warm sunburn ache on his forearm. How he should have known better than to let his guard down. How he should never have agreed to meet with Aaron in the first place.
while they exchanged small talk and pretended all of this was new and completely innocent. Dean doesn’t
Dean hears how earnest and awed that sounds and immediately clams up, heat suffusing his cheeks. Shit, what a thing to say to his best friend, who is, for all intents and purposes,
“Good thing Sam’s a gigantor,” Dean says as he laces his fingers with Castiel’s and tugs him along through the throngs of shoppers. They wind their way over to Sam and Eileen, shoulders brushing, sometimes bodies pressed tight together as they squeeze between the oncoming crowd of people.
“Shit,” Dean breathes, tension in his shoulders releasing as he sags back on his knees. “Shit, Cas, you scared the crap outta me.”
Castiel rests on his elbows. The wound on his leg is throbbing and semen is drying all crunchy on his belly, and it’s too cold in the room now, but looking at Dean’s face, hearing many things left unsaid, Castiel wouldn’t trade where he is for the entire universe.
It’s not enough that he’s spent every single day of the last six months walking around like something so big inside of him was missing that he’d spend the rest of his life feeling its absence like a phantom limb. As much as Dean hates to admit it, he’s always felt that way whenever he and Cas were on the outs, and a thousand times more so any time Cas has died. And this last one — this last death — nearly destroyed him. Sure, Dean’s been getting up, going through the motions, pasting on a smile for Sam and eating as much pie as his forty-one-year-old ass can consume, but it’s all felt… empty. Hollow. The echoing insides of a tinman, gutted by grief.
. How is he supposed to do this without killing Cas in the process if he can’t keep his hands from fucking shaking?
But since Cas already took the step, it makes it a lot easier for Dean to take it, too.
He can feel the itchy trickle of blood sliding down his arm as he brings up Sam’s number and hits send. The bite starts to tingle and then goes gradually, pleasantly numb.
Dean can hear the smile in Sam’s voice when he says, “Of course, Dean. And, seriously, I’m happy for you. I haven’t heard you sound so excited about something in a long time.”
“No!” he snaps. It’s quiet, but to Dean, it sounds like a shout. He shuts his mouth with an audible click as Cas tells him in no uncertain terms: “No. You
“Cas–” Dean whimpers, and it
The room is dark except for the light spilling in from the hallway and the blue-white glow of Castiel’s eyes, glaring furiously out at Dean from a giant pile of oil-black feathers. A few small, downy-looking ones drift lazily through the air on an invisible current, and Dean stands in the doorway, completely stunned. He’s always known, intellectually, that Cas isn’t human, and he’s had plenty of reminders over the years — the most recent of which solidified that concept for him irrevocably only a handful of hours before — but before all of this he’s only ever seen the shadows of Castiel’s wings, tattered and sad. Now, he’s seen pretty much all of Cas, every magnificent, weirdly incorporeal inch of him, and Dean’s astonished to find the tips of his fingers suddenly tingling with a fierce need to reach out and touch. A gasp catches in his throat and he wets his lip, acutely aware of his heartbeat thudding along through his body.
Charlie appears at Castiel’s side and shoves him bodily out of the way, towards the espresso machine. “Move over, loverboy,” she crows. “I got this.” She turns to the woman waiting and gives her an apologetic smile. “What can I do for you this morning, ma’am?”
. They spent 12 years queerbaiting the ever-loving
because he knew in his heart how much he needed Castiel, how he completely fell apart whenever Cas was gone. He knew, just like he knew he would never be worthy of Castiel’s devotion. His steadfastness. His forgiveness.
“I love you very much, you know,” Castiel says, rubbing a thumb over Dean’s shoulder absently, this time giving Dean a dizzying glimpse of a stellar nursery before sweeping his hand down to the crook of Dean’s elbow and effectively dragging him back into his body. Cas says it like it’s a simple fact of existence, like gravity or sunlight or time, and now, Dean supposes, it is. He lies there, sweating and gross, but feeling more perfectly at peace than he ever has, than he ever thought
They step onto the driveway where Sam has pulled up the car. Baby’s idling engine purrs, the deep vibration an enormous part of what makes her sound like home to Dean, familiar and safe. He bundles Cas into the back seat and then ducks in to follow after him, leaving Sam to climb in behind the wheel, his face a picture of astonishment and concern.
“Yes,” Castiel says, breathless. He doesn’t care about the words, only the feelings behind them, what actions those feelings might elicit. Greedy for it, he drops his head onto the bed with a sigh and closed eyes. “Yes.”
The door cracked open and Sam poked his nose in, then opened the door wide enough to slip inside the bathroom. He closed it carefully behind himself and looked at Dean with round eyes, and Dean felt his head start to pound. Sam was going to ask questions, too. And Dean– Dean just didn’t have the juice to feed him a white lie.
“Hey,” Dean says after what feels like a lifetime has gone by. Castiel hums quietly but doesn’t move, and Dean’s grateful he’s not looking Castiel in the eye right now. “You remember when you said, uh. That my, um, heart– called, it–” he coughs, nervous and embarrassed, his voice kinda shaky. He takes a steadying breath and tries again: “You said my, uh, heart called to yours?” he gets out in a rush. He watches the clouds of his breath dissipate into the snowy air.
“What if I could?” Castiel echoes faintly. Dean’s pretty sure he could knock Cas over with a feather, he looks so shaken.
They fall silent again and Castiel continues to worry at the cut on his lip. He draws it between his teeth, squeezes it against his tongue, tastes the blood flooding his mouth. Swipes it clean, pushes it out with a puff of air. Repeats this. Gets lost in it, lets it become a meditation. Loses enough time to it that when the room snaps back into focus Dean is pouring alcohol over his finished work, capping the bottle. Turning slightly on his knees to put the bottle on the floor. He pats Castiel’s leg dry, drapes a piece of gauze over the wound and secures it, smoothing his thumbs slowly over the tape. Ostensibly, he’s making sure it sticks, but something lingering in his touch screams affection to Castiel and hope crackles to life inside him.
and a beer and his glorious goddamn mattress. He turns and walks towards the Impala. “Whaddya mean? Of course he’s gonna come back to the bunker,” he admonishes Sam over his shoulder, trusting the other two will follow. “He’s the man with the plan, he’s top dog, he can do whatever he wants, now. C’mon. Y’know, we’ll spruce the place up, we’ll get some recliners, we’ll get you one of those big screen TVs–”
Castiel is quiet for a moment, collecting his thoughts. Then: “Dean. I know. I do know. I could see it on your soul like a stain as soon as I was back. Your grief. Your sorrow. I thought– I thought it was because of your mother.”
Coughing, Dean grabs at Cas and lifts him off the counter. “
When the fair rolled into town as it did at the end of every summer, it was natural as breathing to suggest going together. They agreed to meet on the hill behind the high school, and parked their bikes there so they could walk the rest of the way to the fairgrounds. Dean always loved when the fair came to town; it popped up magically overnight in the mall parking lot, bright lights and loud music and the delighted clamor of young and old alike mingling in the muggy summer air.
Sam sighs and Dean can practically
Castiel shrugs, a gesture so un-angel-like Dean needs to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from pointing it out. “It simply
Sam clearing his throat is loud in the sudden silence that falls over the kitchen, and he shifts on his chair before poking at his side-salad with a fork, eyes on the table. “You, uh, you think about what we’re gonna do about your Grace, Cas?” he asks, too casual. It’s been… not a sore subject, but not something any of them have been comfortable openly discussing.
“Cas,” Dean manages, but doesn’t know what to say, overcome by the fullness in his chest even more than the unsettling twist in his gut.
Dean grunts as he pulls the back door shut behind him, wrestling with the lock and juggling his phone. “’Course not. I’ll be right there. 15 minutes,” he grunts.
Dean thinks, the hell with comfortable. Comfortable makes things real fucking messy.
He supposes now is the time to head back to the bunker, to Sam and… and to the monster now living under their roof, but thinking about Jack makes Dean see red and he has to do that deep breathing thing again to keep it together.
, dammit, and is still too chickenshit to do anything more about it himself.
“Well, gotta actually have my coffee now, so…” Dean isn’t sure where to put the creature, but as it’s always been clingy with him he figures letting it sit on his shoulder is a good place to start. He lifts the dragon up to his left shoulder and lays the top half of its body there. Immediately he feels the jab of claws digging through the fabric of his favorite fluffy bathrobe in an effort to hold on. He waits until it feels like the dragon has a good grip before letting go of the rest of its body, the feathers of its tail soft as they slide through his fingers. It settles on his shoulder for all of a second before sliding down, face-first, into the breast pocket of Dean’s robe. After another moment of slithering over itself trying to untangle its own body, the dragon pokes its head up out of the pocket and grasps the edges. It looks all the way up at Dean and snuffs at him as though to say
Shakespeare. He thought of all the days of summer stretched out before him, empty of her presence, and felt tears threaten again.
Dean’s got no idea how the dragon found its way into the house, let alone decided to make his favorite mug a hiding place. But his number one rule (okay, maybe not
“Ah,” Sam says, sitting back from the table. Sensing the tension, Eileen gets up, plants a kiss in Sam’s hair, and wanders off towards the kitchen. “Be right back,” she says over her shoulder, and then it’s just the two of them in the silent library, thinking of all the times and all the ways they’ve bent the rules for each other, for themselves.
“That sounds —” Dean pauses, not really sure how it sounds, after all. What would it be like to basically know everything all the time? “Kinda terrifying, actually.”
“Are you going to let us have what we both want?” he asks earnestly, barely above a whisper. Dean gives him a wide-eyed look, seconds away from bolting, before something shifts in his expression and he sags into Castiel like his strings have been cut. They wrap their arms around each other, hands sliding into place a little too slowly for it to be anything other than exploratory, and Dean tucks his face into Castiel’s neck.
“Dean,” Cas says, fondness and exasperation warring for dominance in his tone.
and it matters to him, more than anything, maybe — maybe even more than Sam, now.
“Dean!” Sam exclaims, striding across the floor in three quick steps and dropping to his knees in front of his brother. He puts his hands on Dean’s shoulders and pushes him back, panic and relief warring in his eyes.
“Hey Cas,” Dean says softly. A beat passes and Dean can feel his smile slipping. He doesn’t have the juice to pretend right now. There are just too many things clamoring for attention in his head.
In the end, Dean gives up and just lets Castiel use his mug.
Dean is a basic bitch when it comes to baking. Give him a cherry pie any day over these fancy fuckin’ cakes and shit they make on the baking show Cas is obsessed with.
and stood ramrod straight. He knew that tone and he knew it was no use arguing. He also belatedly remembered Sammy was watching, so he bit his tongue and said none of the things he wished he could say to his father.
“We’re just gonna skip over the part where, I don’t know, I’m not really the same species here?” Dean finally says. He can feel Castiel’s claws dig into the skin of his shoulder, and the dragon noses behind his ear again, tickling. Dean twists his head to look down at Cas. “Quit it, you,” he mutters fondly.
me anything.” His face is so sad, so open and honest, it makes Dean’s breath catch all over again. He’s not sure he’ll ever get used to such raw emotion on Castiel’s face. “I don’t want you to think I need you to reciprocate. Truly, I am happy knowing. And knowing that you know.”
Sam’s apologetic look instantly morphs into an epic bitchface. He turns to Castiel, presumably for backup, but Cas merely stares back at him sternly, brow furrowed.
to it.
Dean sits, Cas’ weight against him, as goosebumps chase each other down his body, head-to-toe. He thinks, for a minute, that he should feel more troubled by this information, because, really, how is this even a thing that could happen? What possessed Castiel to even… even
And the more he thinks about it, the more he realizes that’s been true for a long time. Years. As a matter of fact, Dean can’t remember a time where Cas wasn’t just
“It’s okay, Sammy,” Dean says, his voice quiet. “He wasn’t really– he wasn’t
As he has come more fully awake, Castiel remembers more and more details. He remembers looking through the twisted mirror at his feet and seeing Dean reflected back at him. He frowns.
, and laid hands on first Dean, and then Sam, healing their injuries from their (reckless) fight with Chuck.
, and who has, since coming back, very loudly
make Castiel happy.
’?” he parrots. “‘
— that might help, but he doesn’t even know what the spell is doing.
things under the sun, but you…” He gestures at Cas, at his wings, at the outside world in general where he saw what an angel —
“That is certainly likely, yes,” Cas agrees.
What does that mean? Is he gonna —”
It’s the exact opposite of how Cas’ grace has always felt to Dean, though, he realizes, including half-remembered scraps of the dream of his rescue from Hell all those years ago. There is something comforting and familiar about seeing this other part of Cas — this real piece of him that is somehow both substantial and not. A sense of peace, of safety, washes over Dean, with the knowledge that Castiel once held him cradled against his incandescent heart.
put the flour away in the cabinet
For an instant, Dean looks caught, eyes wide and mouth hanging open. His works his jaw soundlessly, and in the moment he takes to regain his footing, Castiel observes the lines around his eyes, the smattering of new freckles across the bridge of his nose, another scar, small and faint, bisecting his left eyebrow. Castiel curls his hands into fists atop the quilt, appalled at how strong the impulse is to reach out and touch and catalogue each new attribute, like merely the touch will commit the changes to memory. Like he
Dean is crunching through his second slice, sitting at the kitchen table in the lonely light of the microwave and wondering what to do with all of the feelings eating away at his insides, when Castiel shuffles in, looking disheveled and unfairly good with his hair all fucked up from sleep and his collar hanging open, tie askew. He’s still got his wings, and they arch gracefully up and away from his shoulders, their stardust glimmer a nebulous counterpoint to the sharp angles of the kitchen in the mostly-dark.
“And? That’s what got him
Staying away was the best way for them both to stay safe.
Dean shrugs. “Everything
Cas was too important for something so ordinary.
“You know how I feel, Dean,” Cas says, a gentle admonishment. He turns to face Dean more squarely and pushes his other hand into Dean’s hair, thumb stroking idly under Dean’s eye. His fingers tighten ever so slightly on the back of Dean’s neck, willing him to lean in, come closer.
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs, leaning his chin on the crown of Dean’s head, “I’m right here.” He drops a kiss to Dean’s hair and says, “I’ll always be right here.”
, dude. Second time in six months.” He wants to play this off as no big deal, but it
him. It. Whatever.” He can feel his ears burning and Dean has never been so glad that Sam moved out last year.
Great British Bake Off contestants with fewer clothes and lots of flour
Castiel rewards this realization by gripping Dean’s t-shirt with his claws, hoisting himself up Dean’s torso, and biting him, hard, on the cap of his left shoulder.
“What if she won’t talk to me anymore, mom? She’s my best friend.”
It’s about a week before Dean realizes that Castiel is acting strangely. Cas has always wanted to be near Dean as far as he’s been able to tell, but for the last few days the dragon’s need for attention has been insatiable. Every day when Dean comes home from the bakery, Cas is waiting by the door, dogging at Dean’s heels and chirruping at him insistently while Dean drops his leftover pastries in their customary spot next to the coffee maker and hangs up Baby’s keys. The dragon won’t stop until Dean gives in and lifts Cas onto his shoulder, where he happily snuffs behind Dean’s ear and seems to always be licking at the skin there.
Dean laughs. “Yup. Nothin’ new here, really. We’re still a couple’a dumbasses. Now there’s just sex involved, too.”
The dragon tips its head to the side and looks up at Dean. Then, as though to make sure Dean is
Other than that, I'm sending y'all in blind. Enjoy! ::blows kisses::
. Huh, maybe
merely asleep, his wings glowing faintly against the harsh kitchen lights. A pang of wild affection shoots through Dean as he takes in Cas’ messy hair, the way his sleeves are rolled to the elbow, his bare feet, now marked with the small glowing circles of blue grace, an apparently permanent manifestation just like his wings.
with Castiel, murmuring in the scant space between them, warm: “‘I want no world (for beautiful you are my world, my true).’”
“Sam?”
To his credit, Castiel doesn’t roll his eyes or scoff at Dean’s sass. Instead, he says, solemn, “I am.”
Lee was a senior and a real jerk, one of those guys that bragged loudly about his conquests and shoved skinny freshmen into their lockers, and Dean… well, Dean didn’t have it in him to stand by and watch while Lee tormented the younger students or, more often, harassed the freshman girls. He and Lee had gotten into more fights than Dean could honestly count, and it looked like they were barreling straight into another one.
“Shut up,” Dean says, no heat in his voice. He grips the pulsing, glowing vial tight in his hand. “I’ve — You — ” He shakes his head and collects his thoughts, wanting to be clear. “I wanna be… I wanna be the person you see.” He looks at Cas, willing him to hear what he still can’t say. “And you make me… feel like I can. You make me feel
is an
Dean glances up, sharp, before looking back down at his own hands. He frowns and shakes his head a fraction. “No, man. I’m not unhappy about it.” He shrugs, clearly uncomfortable. “Can’t say I’m too stoked for it, either, though.”
Seriously, this is news to no-one, least of all Dean, but with the exception of Rowena, Dean would happily toss every single one of them into the Pit. Even Rowena barely gets a pass, okay, and she’s busy being the Queen of Hell now or whatever so maybe things are good for witches down there, who knows?
He raises his glass and clinks it against the rim of Castiel’s. Dean looks at his face, sad and resigned, and something in his chest does a queer little flip-flop. “Cheers, man,” he finds himself saying calmly, even though now his heart is racing, and not only from anger. “I’m glad you’re — safe.”
or anything. A guy can only resist eyes that blue for so long.
“I said ‘cover it up,’ Dean,” his father said, voice dangerously low and eyes glittering. “It’s not a request. Do you understand me?”
Dean doesn’t look away from Cas’ otherworldly face. He forces himself to stand there, even though he’s terrified and every instinct in him is telling him to
Castiel watches, astonished, as Dean reaches across the bed and touches his fingers to the backs of Castiel’s. It’s a barely-there thing, the lightest pressure, but Castiel can feel the touch all the way to his toes, his whole body thrumming with a rarer and perhaps more precious happiness: the joy of coming together again, a unified whole.
of air hockey), and decided to spend their remaining tickets running through the fun house. Dean thought it was a weird choice until he got inside and saw how many dark corners there were.
His whiskey nearly makes a reappearance when Dean’s stomach rolls in sudden, sharp fear. No. No
That was the catch. Always, with the catches. He doesn’t have an infinite amount of time to search. Human souls weren’t ever meant for the Empty; in addition to the constant throbbing pressure and pain of the sounds here, every step Dean’s taken away from the gateway has felt like adding rocks to his pockets before taking a walk into a lake. The gateway drags on him, wanting to snatch him back, and he grits his teeth so hard against the sensations washing through and over him he’s afraid he’s gonna crack a tooth.
“And all of this makes you feel like a hypocrite, why?” Sam asks, clearly baffled.
Dean does his best to ignore the looks Sam keeps shooting him in the rear view, distracting himself by holding Cas upright and feeling him warm and alive against his side. Every so often, Cas twitches and groans, his grace sparking, and Dean just holds him through it and doesn’t think too much about the why.
“Let’s get one thing straight right now,” he says, watching a frown start to form on Cas’ face. “If Jack is our son then Sammy gets to be the uncle, okay, I’m not having a three-way with my brother.”
that he is only unconscious.
“Fuck off, Lee,” Dean scoffed, brushing the comment aside even though it stung. The older boy did not, in fact, fuck off, instead taking a step in Dean’s direction, his face twisted in disgust. Adrenaline suddenly rushed through Dean and he could feel himself standing taller, bracing for the inevitable.
By the time Sam and Dean are both driving off Rainbow Road every fifteen seconds because they’d had that many beers, Castiel is sitting in Sam’s lap, curled up in the well of his legs, nose poking up over Sam’s crossed ankles. Dean smiles. He’s glad they seem comfortable with each other. It makes him feel like his little friend is an official part of his family, now, too.
Castiel raises one dubious eyebrow. “Given what you do for a living I find that deeply concerning,” he says, dry as the goddamn Sahara.
He shrugs and drops his hands to the table. “I didn’t know what to say, Sammy,” he tells him, and he wills Sam to believe him because it’s
or worrying that there might be monsters hiding in his closet. “Promise,” Dean adds.
How much of this was planned, how much of it was covid, who knows? All I know is that after 15x18, where I felt so unbelievably high... now I just feel
, and he’d buried them deep. There wasn’t time to sit and examine them, or at least that was what he told himself as they ran around putting out fire after fire to stop the apocalypse, though for all the good it did them they may as well have been plugging the cracks in a dam with their fingers. And besides, he was pretty sure angels just… didn’t feel things the same way people did. He could pine away for Castiel all he wanted, but the likelihood of Castiel returning his feelings, Dean knew, was basically non-existent.
There’s nothing left for him but stillness now; he may as well make the most of it.
because the dragon finds a way to climb all over him and cling to whatever part of Dean it can reach, snuffling and sniffing at him, squeaking in happiness. And that he finds this
. He hadn’t read it, but the title stuck with him that night as he lay on yet another shitty motel bed, sore from getting tossed around by an angry spirit and longing for his bed back at the bunker. On the drive back to Kansas, he’d mulled over what made a bed a good one, a
With a steadying breath, Dean hefted an angel blade in one hand and his gun in the other, and stepped through the door.
“No, I will not go back to your room,” Castiel tells him as he brushes his fingertips over Dean’s bare shoulders, his collarbone, his pecs. He drags his fingers down Dean’s softening belly, and Dean does his best not to feel self conscious even as Castiel wraps his hand around Dean’s hip and gives it a firm, affectionate squeeze. “I intend to have you right here,” he informs Dean before pulling him back to standing, dropping to his knees at Dean’s feet, and resting his hands, large and warm, in the creases of Dean’s thighs.
His brain starts buzzing and Dean still can’t catch a full breath. No. No, he’s gotta talk to Cas right now, he’s gotta make sure they’re good because Dean is not willing to risk losing Castiel ever again.
He’s been hitting the books with Sam instead of doing the wet work because, Dean reasons, he should be close by in case Cas needs anything while he’s here and healing, and besides, he doesn’t want to tempt fate while Cas is out of commission — not for his own safety, but for Cas’ peace of mind. If Dean dies on a hunt now, he knows it would be like pissing all over the gift Cas has given him, which is the last thing he wants to do.
to each other. They
Dean grunts softly. “Or luck.” His voice is quiet, barely a murmur. Castiel frowns at Dean, who takes in a deep breath and sits up a little straighter. “I dunno, Cas. This all feels too much like– like somebody’s still pulling the strings, y’know? Just when we need a miracle, one shows up on our friggin’ doorstep?” Dean shakes his head and takes a long swallow of whiskey. “I don’t know if I can trust it.”
He thinks, and he’d
is going on?” If his voice comes out a little higher than usual, well, who could possibly blame him right now?
He can’t stop thinking about the look on Cas’ face when he’d told Dean he loved him. He can’t help wondering if they hadn’t been in imminent danger if Cas would have kissed him then. Dean doesn’t even know if he
And it pleases Dean to kiss Castiel, so that is what he does.
. Castiel was a danger to him, here. He was a danger to him because every monster in Purgatory could sense Castiel’s angelic grace and would be drawn to it like moths to a flame. And he was a danger to him in the flesh: Castiel’s latent feelings for the Righteous Man were ultimately a corruption, something deeply frowned upon. What would those feelings do to Dean, here in this place where it was impossible to be anything other than who and what they were?
“Hell if I know.” Dean strides intently after Cas, even though his scalp is prickling and a cold feeling sits heavy in his belly, screaming at him that something is wrong. “C’mon. We gotta keep an eye on him,” he tells Sam over his shoulder, not waiting to see if he’s following.
me. “I’m fine. And it’s not like you gotta worry about me running into Lee. Only place I’m goin’ for the next two weeks is our backyard.”
Expecting silence, Castiel was stunned to find the Empty thrown into outright chaos.
Suddenly Dean’s personal space is not so personal anymore; Cas is right against him, dragging him closer and closer until they’re pressed flush, hands heavy and firm and real on Dean’s hips. Castiel steers Dean backwards into his room, looks at him with a small, pleased smile and leans in, words puffing warm against Dean’s mouth as he tells him, “I’ll see what I can do about that, then.”
Dean makes a choking sound and works his jaw, but nothing resembling words comes from his mouth. If Castiel didn’t know any better, he’d say Dean looks like he’s about to pass out.
“No, Cas. You’re good. We’re good, it’s just. I–” Dean coughs. Drums his fingers on the table. Takes a breath and tries again. “I don’t– I can’t– lose you again, man.” Ugh,
manages to turn his head to the side so he doesn’t spit beer right in his brother’s face, while Sam sputters and looks so fucking constipated Dean would laugh if he also wasn’t turning the color of a fire engine, thinking it couldn’t possibly get any worse.
to love you, Dean Winchester.”
about what just happened.”
A smoking pile of embers was all that remained of the bonfire – embers and a
He sneaks Cas a half a slice of bacon while the rest cools on a plate on the table, then starts chopping up some scallions for an omelette as Cas munches through his prize. “What do you think,” Dean says, dumping the scallions into a bowl with some eggs and whisking them up, “should we go for a walk after breakfast?”
He hesitates and Dean rolls his eyes. “Just spit it out, Sammy.”
The whispers, following along behind and around Castiel like wisps of smoke, gathered and built into a hissing crescendo, and the sleek glossy ground convulsed under him, black bubbles bursting, obscuring the glowing red path. He stumbled, stopped, catching himself upright before he could pitch over sideways from the unsteady footing. Ahead in the gloom, Castiel watched the cherry-colored line smolder away into nothing. It burnt like an ember in the blackness, flaring bright for a moment before it disappeared abruptly as though doused.
He cuts off abruptly, his entire body going taut as wire, back bowing up off the hardwood floor and an inhuman sound tearing from his throat. His eyes blaze white, and the electric silver-blue crackle of his grace zings and zips over Castiel like streaks of lightning, and as he convulses he just keeps screaming and screaming and screaming —
and you just let me go on thinking you —”
Castiel’s eyebrows couldn’t possibly go higher on his forehead without simply taking flight, and Dean steels himself for Cas’ reaction. He wrestles with his overactive imagination which gleefully tells him he’d deserve it if Cas decides he’s had enough, and tries to ignore the lead weight in his belly telling him that’s the only outcome he should expect.
but Dean knows better. He shifts uncomfortably in his chair, well aware of exactly where Sam is going with this. Sam can be like a freakin’ bloodhound if he catches even the slightest whiff of
“Like hell I will,” Dean growls back. “You’ve been in there alone all night, I just wanna make sure you’re okay.”
Grabbing one of his faded t-shirts and rolling it up absently, Castiel’s eye is caught by a flash of bright, bubble-gum pink. He reaches a curious hand out to the satiny fabric and lifts it out of his heap of clothes; it’s a pair of women’s panties, satin and lace, with a heart cutout and a beautiful, soft-looking bow, small and perfect, on the backside. Realizing what he’s holding – and to whom it must belong – makes Castiel flush to the roots of his hair. His face is like a furnace. He doesn’t know what to do. He can’t just. He can’t just
at Castiel. Who is, impossibly, sitting before him on his bedroom floor, a full-grown man instead of a dragon the size of a large-ish python.
Castiel straightens up and says, “There is no need to be crude, Sam,” just as Dean barks, “I told you to stay outta this, Sammy!” They look at each other and almost immediately burst into laughter. Maybe it’s more of the epic tension between them finding an outlet, but Dean and Castiel laugh so hard they’re both knuckling at the corners of their eyes and sliding down onto the floor, winded. Dean has no idea how fucking long it takes them to calm down to the occasional giggle.
“Yes, I can,” he says against Dean’s mouth. “We can do whatever we want,” he whispers, feeling so much more than the form he is bound in. “Love whoever and however we want.” He catches Dean’s gaze, watches him as he kisses him deep. Dean relaxes against him, braced above him, pressing him into the mattress, an anchor. Castiel tips his head back to see Dean’s face. “And I love you. I
if it means Cas staying here.
Dean, much less think that a collection of mugs – hello, a totally
. The weirdo, dorky best friend that’s in love with him.
feel, all of the fucked-up beginnings and – temporary – endings of their relationship aside: Frustrated. Worried. Terrified.
“But, Dad–”
is right here, and
) and passes it over, shaking his head as Dean piles bacon and onions on his own burger, heedless, as usual, of his health.
Castiel heard, loud and clear, Dean’s unspoken fear: not that Castiel was in Purgatory, too, but that he was dead. And Castiel knew he could allay Dean’s fear in an instant, he could snap his fingers and stand before him, he could bring him hope –
“And what would you have done if this scheme of yours didn’t work? If Sam wasn’t there in time? If Jack hadn’t decided to interfere?” Castiel demands, suddenly furious with Dean for making light of yet
At first Dean thinks it belongs to a blue jay, but as Castiel comes closer Dean can see the feather has no black striping and is the same shade of blue as Cas’ own. It even looks like one wing has had a feather plucked from it.
Dean lifts a hand and pets it down the side of Cas’ neck, brushing his fingers over the bite that’s already starting to heal. He drinks in the shudder that runs through Castiel as readily as he drank his blood. “Yeah,” he murmurs, leaning forward to peck Castiel’s lips. “Um, I don’t usually– I mean, I’m not–”
He saw right away how beautiful Dean was. Broken and bleeding and ashamed, and beautiful nonetheless. Though he knew it was forbidden by his Heavenly Father and all the laws of creation, from the very first moment, loving Dean Winchester was, for Castiel, inevitable.
Eyebrows raised, Castiel sits back and raises his coffee to his lips. He takes a small sip and looks at Dean with another tiny smile, this one shining from his eyes. “I’d like that,” he says, and Dean would be hard pressed to explain it to anyone, least of all himself, but something about the way Cas shifts minutely towards him in his seat captures Dean more thoroughly than any hunter’s trap ever has.
The sex-haired beauty sitting beside him regards him with narrowed eyes for a long moment before taking Dean’s hand in a firm, warm grip. “Castiel,” he rumbles, mouth lifting in a tiny smile.
much to drink, he’s sure, but it looks like it was just enough to give him a biting headache. Groaning, he rolls over and swings his legs out of bed. He massages at his temples before twisting to look around for Castiel.
“Moon phase?” Castiel asks incredulously.
Looking thoughtful, Castiel tilts his head and amends: “Well, we
rolling off Sam standing behind him and squeezes his hands into fists. “Whether this spell presents a challenge to… reintegrating… remains to be seen,” Castiel muses, his gaze turned inward now, and Dean looks up at Sam to see his brother at least having the courtesy of looking concerned instead of smug.
“Having to separate my grace from this vessel in this manner,” he goes on when they continue to frown at him.
“You sure this is gonna work, Sammy?” he asks, hoping his brother doesn’t notice the tremor in his voice. Insane. They’d just taken the worst beating of their lives, defeated
” he says, gruff. “You gotta know, Cas. You gotta know by now,” he pleads, silently begging Castiel to help him out here because he’s
). “Not lately. He said he had some things to ‘resolve,’ and who can even say what those things might be?” Sam sighs and takes a drink of his own beer. “But he said he’d drop in again soon, so.” Sam lifts his shoulder in a shrug, aiming for nonchalance, but he’s not fooling anybody. Dean knows he’s still anxious about Jack being gone. They all are. They’d assumed Jack would want to stay with them and things would go back to – well, to what passed for normal for the Winchesters, anyway – but it appears as though Jack has other plans. Which is honestly fine with Dean, as long as the kid comes by now and again to say hello.
“Dean–”
“Cas.” Sam winces when Dean puts his mug down on the table a little too forcefully. “C’mon, Dean, ever since he came back from the Empty you’ve been… pretending like nothing happened. Like everything’s the same as it always was.”
“Hey,” he says as he slides into the seat next to the handsome man, leaning his elbows on the counter. “A little bit early for coffee, isn’t it?”
Peeking out from the shower curtain, Castiel shouted for his sister. “Anna!” He waited, listening, and when he heard no immediate response he called again. Eventually, he heard a muffled answer, and eventually someone approaching from down the hall.
“So what?” Dean snaps, bitter. “It ain’t gonna be all sunshine and roses, Cas. We both know that. Why start something that’s only gonna end bloody?”
, he had to go to Dean.
Dean goes to the fridge and takes out the milk, then sets it beside the sugar bowl on the counter, standing sentry next to the coffee machine because he can’t be fucked to ever put it away in the pantry.
Dean would be lying if he said any of this bothered him. He’s kind of certain he’d let Castiel get away with anything, Cas has him so tightly wound around his little dragon claws.
What can he say? He’s always been an absolute sucker for dark hair and blue eyes.
“Hey little dude,” he says eventually, tipping the mug up towards himself and peering inside. The dragon slithers over and over itself, almost tying its body into a tiny knot of scales and feathers. Dean watches, fascinated, as its scaled skin shimmers in the kitchen light, an iridescence that flashes blue to match the tiny, feathered wings and tip of its tail.
how Cas
“Be nice, Cas. Samantha’s gonna cry big fat girl tears if you don’t at least let him pet you once, and believe me, no one wants that.”
“What, it is! Bacon, eggs, coffee and Advil, man. You’ll feel like a real person again in no time.”
“What’s going on with you?” Dean wonders out loud after he’s sent Sam on his way and is climbing into bed. Castiel gives him this thoughtful look as Dean settles himself under the covers. Dean can feel himself frowning as Cas studies him, the little dragon’s gaze intense and almost... intimate. With a tiny huff, Cas snuggles up against Dean’s side, nosing under Dean’s armpit and making him squirm. He’s tickled Dean like this before, but Dean’s not feeling very playful. He’s starting to worry that something is wrong and… and he won’t know how to fix it.
“Wait. Wait wait wait,” Dean says, rounding on Castiel, glaring hard. “How did you even get here, Cas?”
Castiel drops a kiss to Dean’s neck. “Then don’t,” he answers, practical, before very deliberately tipping his chin up. When Dean looks at Cas he sees nothing but certainty. No, there’s something more – Dean sees
Castiel raises his eyebrows and Sam laughs when he sees Dean’s look. Shaking his head, his long legs carry him back out in the hall. “I’ll leave you two to it,” he calls over his shoulder, disappearing as immediately as he came.
The murky, slithering shapes around them coalesce in front of Dean at Castiel’s feet, becoming vaguely human-shaped before oozing apart, then coiling back together. A head-shape appears where a head
“But you — you
A heavy silence falls over them, standing in the room in the bunker where Castiel had so happily left, sacrificing himself so they could go on to save the world. Part of Dean wants to honor that sacrifice. He understands it. He knows in his heart, if their positions had been reversed, he would have done it just as willingly.
“No, Dean, Sam is right. We need to talk.” His eyes are pleading and so, so blue. “Please, Dean. Sit and talk with me.”
, and that’s it for Dean, that’s it–
– on Dean’s face, for one. “What kind of spell requires the caster to stab themself in the heart?”
He’s got Dean’s shirt open, and when he looks Castiel is surprised to see his own hands unbuckling Dean’s belt, like they don’t even belong to him, like they are allowed do what he wants in his most private thoughts without consulting his conscious brain first. He hooks a finger into the loop in the buckle and tugs, and the belt spills open with a musical jangle. He’s undone the button of Dean’s jeans and is dragging on the zipper before it occurs to him that this could be a Step Too Far.
Castiel is quiet for a moment before he glances over his shoulder at the door. When he seems satisfied that no one will interrupt them again, he looks over at Dean and reaches his hand across the table, palm up this time. Incredulous, Dean finds himself sliding his hand into Castiel’s without hesitation. Like they just do this kind of shit all the time or something. This is no manly grip, no test of strength. Understanding and warmth radiate from Castiel’s face as he curls his fingers loosely around Dean’s, gentle. They sit at the kitchen table, freaking
“Yes,” Castiel says. “But, Sam did manage to keep the tether somewhat intact. Impressively quick thinking on his part, by the way.”
Castiel answered honestly. “No.”
Whatever it is, Dean stands with his hands in his pockets as usual outside Castiel’s bedroom one night, listening to Cas talk about the migration patterns of some random bird* when Dean’s brain goes completely AWOL and he finds himself crowding into Cas’ space, grabbing a fistful of his shirt and hauling him close. He’s treated to a powerful hit of Castiel’s blue eyes, wide and surprised, right before their mouths collide.
They sit next to each other in silence for a long time. Dean doesn’t keep track of how long, doesn’t worry about when it will end. He’s just enjoying Castiel’s nearness. When Cas finally speaks to him, his voice drifts to Dean slowly, syrupy like a dream, until Dean shakes his head and snaps back to attention.
He had wanted to know, and now he does. Ice floods through Dean’s veins as this new knowledge comes crashing into him like the fucking Kool-Aid guy. Castiel isn’t
“Dean,” Cas says with a kind smile, “you already are, and always will be, that person to me.”
“Is Cas okay?” Sam asks at last, and Dean feels like he really shouldn’t be surprised at this point how easily Sam can deduce what’s going on with him.
a big deal. Dean’s honestly kinda terrified of how Castiel showing up in the barn earlier turned his final moments from
Dean’s two remaining brain cells feebly feed him useless information like
taking its time falling from his slack fingers. He can see a mug on the desk behind Dean, empty or cold with no steam rising from the top. For the moment, Castiel is happy simply to look his fill.
Castiel’s blue eyes flare in the dark like a cat’s. He looks at Dean solemnly and simply says, “Okay.”
The blue flame in his hand flickers in an absent wind, snapping and crackling in a decided direction. Using it like a compass, Dean follows it, walking at first and then running through the Empty, hope rising in him like hot air.
Dean swallows, thick. “I — ”
fixed it?” Dean presses, bewildered.
“Did I, now?” the barista says, reaching out smoothly to take the tea from Dean’s slack fingers. He doesn’t even look at it. “I’m so sorry,” he continues, turning away from Dean and confirming over his shoulder, “It was an iced coffee, wasn’t it?”
, so Dean can live out the rest of his days alone and aching, forever missing a piece of himself? No. Fucking. Thank you.
They’re in the middle of nowhere, someplace in the long, lonely stretches of empty Illinois cornfields outside Champaign. It’s dark; wisps of grey clouds scud across the sky, blotting and blurring the stars, a sliver of moon hanging just over the horizon. Sam drives a half a mile further and pulls off onto a dirt turnaround.
“So,” Sam is asking, hesitant, unsure. “Does this mean you’re the new, um… what do we call you?”
He and Sam call around to every hunter they can think of who might have further insight into angel lore, biology, or spells. They check in with Donna, Jody, and the girls, Charlie, Bobby, Garth. Eileen is over at the bunker a lot these days, as she has been for the last six months, and she pitches in, too, staying up late with Dean when Sam’s got to go get his beauty sleep (they tease Sam mercilessly about this, and Dean is truly excited at the prospect of eventually having Eileen as the world’s coolest sister-in-law). But as the days drag on it becomes clearer and clearer to Dean they’ve hit a wall on the research end.
“What do you want me to do to
black as pitch, a door into a place no human being was ever meant to set foot.
and Dean couldn’t even feel grateful that the oven just needed a deep cleaning and not to be replaced entirely.
“Look, Cas,” he begins, hesitant, “I don’t know what you want me to say. Do you want me to tell you that one of the worst moments of my life was seeing your wings burned into the ground? That I could hardly bear to look at– at your body, but I wouldn’t let Sam so much as lay a finger on you? Shit, Cas.” Dean can feel the void of his grief open up inside him again, hungry, trying to pull him back down into
This becomes Dean’s new morning ritual.
Castiel is buried deep inside the dryer, gathering armfuls of warm clothes to his chest with his whole torso almost entirely inside the industrial-sized drum. He finishes excavating his belongings and dumps them all into the big plastic basket he got at the dollar store in town, then trudges up the stairs and down the hall to his room to start folding.
Castiel rolls over on his chest, bringing Dean’s attention back to him and his exposed underbelly. With a soft hum Dean strokes a finger down the long blue stripe adorning Cas’ skin. The dragon looks up at him, eyes half-closed, and purrs louder, his little body quivering from tip to tail. Dean smiles down at Cas and says, “Thank you.” For some reason he feels like he’ll insult Cas if he puts the feather down. So Dean, carefully juggling both the delicate gift and his languid friend, leans over to turn off his lamp and settles himself under the covers.
“Cas,” he croaks, pushing himself to his hands and knees and gulping in air. “Cas!” Louder this time. Castiel doesn’t so much as quiver.
your best friend.” Naomi smoothed the hair away from Castiel’s forehead and kissed him on the temple. “Get some sleep, sweetie. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Yeah, Cas,” he says, as Cas’ arm comes up around his shoulders, too. Dean snuggles closer into Castiel’s side. “’Course I will.”
because surely, surely Castiel couldn’t
Dean clears his throat again and glances at Sam.
A bunch of pillows next, obviously. Not too many, not too few, but just right, like freakin’ Goldilocks.
“Um,” he says intelligently.
“Yeah,” he agrees, “and, uh. He just bit me?”
Swallowing past the lump in his throat, Dean asks, “So why are you still here?” He hears himself and he winces. “I mean — I’m glad you’re here, man — but why not zap topside and get a tune up?”
Sam looks up with a frown. “I guess it would have pushed our souls out of our bodies.”
But Castiel.
A startled silence descends until Dean breathes into it: “I thought, maybe if you had a chance to do something about it, you’d take it.” He meets Castiel’s intense gaze and opens himself up to his scrutiny.
“No, Sam, we don’t. But you know how we could find out? If you go talk to him.” Dean would very much like for his brother to kindly
Dean looks at his brother, and across the room to Jack. His heart leaps into his throat, but Dean swallows it back down, promising himself he’ll unpack everything later, putting his feelings on hold so he can do what needs to be done. And then –
to commit them to memory. He’s here, now, for better or worse. Surely Dean wouldn’t have pulled Castiel out of the Empty only to turn him away. Surely, he has time to look and take inventory beyond this moment.
Her eyes widened and, bafflingly, a hurt look crossed her face. She looked at Castiel as though he’d done something to intentionally harm her, mouth set in a firm line, stonily silent.
I, uh, ::cough:: once again did not
“I mean,” Sam hedges, tilting his head back to look up at Cas’ face high, high above them. “It’s possible that his vessel’s been made unusable.”
He’d had Death doing her level best to squeeze his heart to dust, and the agony of it was nothing –
without anyone ever saying that they loved
“Spill, Sam. What’re you thinkin’ about?”
. Lucifer’s spawn, merely existing while Castiel is dead and gone. Hell, Dean’s just as likely to set himself off as anyone else.
He may be a basic bitch about baking, but Dean’s not gonna turn down boozy brownies, even if he has to help make them himself.
. Warmth suffuses Dean’s chest, climbs his neck, puts a flush on his cheeks that has nothing to do with the chill in the air.
Dean strolls leisurely down the sidewalk, hands stuffed in his pockets and face tipped to the open blue sky. Dry leaves crunch underneath his boots. A brisk breeze, smelling of
He can hear the light scrabbling of tiny claws on ceramic. The dragon sneeze-squeaks again, and Dean can see it shake its tiny head, shaking up a cloud of sugar-dust.
everything so deeply. Grief. Anger. Relief.” He raises his eyes to Dean’s and something wistful crosses his face. “Exultation. Joy.”
to imagine what’s going on in the kid’s head. Can he even call him a kid anymore? He guesses not – however much he and Cas and Sam had had a hand in raising Jack, he’s more, now. Bigger and honed, somehow. Ineffable. Complete.
“I’m not sure,” Cas says, tilting his head in contemplation. “Maybe it’s come to the surface because I am… dysfunctional at the moment.”
Sitting forward in his chair, planting his elbows on the table, Dean looks over at Sam and announces, “Cas is in love with me.”
him. What even is his life right now?
But… Cas had it in his car. In the
want to hear it from Sam when he inevitably finds out some other way. Now he’s in the loop, and Dean put him there, which is the best he can do at the moment.
“Awesome,” Dean breathes, then lifts a hand in a wave. “Uh, cool. I’ll see you. Um, I’ll see you later, then?”
. He’s imagined a million different things to say to Cas if he ever got the chance to see him again, and now that he’s here, sitting in the kitchen as though he’d never been gone and having a drink neat as you please, Dean can’t filter out a single one of them that seems appropriate. Not even the arguments — because, of course, the glaring misconceptions in Castiel’s opinion of Dean need to be corrected — feel like they’d hold any water right now.
Dean scowls at his brother. “Sam,” he grinds out, trying to keep his temper leashed. “Is Cas gonna be okay?”
“Jerk! How was I supposed to know she had a twin?!”
didn’t trouble him. To have been altered so fundamentally that he could now look upon himself as worthy of love and loving, too, was enough.
“Hey,” Dean says, thinking about his mom, and angels, and how this little dragon had waltzed into his life, “How ’bout I call you Ezekiel? Zeke for short?” When Dean looks at the dragon’s face he can’t help but laugh harder. If he had been human, Dean is sure he’d be getting the world’s most epic stink-eye right about now. “Okay,” he says through a chuckle, “not Ezekiel. Hmm.” He scoops the onion into a little bowl and puts it aside, stuck. Gabriel or Michael is too commonplace for a creature as beautiful and fascinating as he finds this dragon to be. He tries to remember some of the more obscure angel names his mom had shared with him and Sam, but the memories are like gossamer, thin and fragile and practically invisible in the right light.
“They all do,” Castiel continues, and his cheeks are suddenly flushed bright red. Dean licks his lips and watches Castiel’s eyes follow the motion. He leans down to kiss Castiel, but stops just short of his mouth, a light bulb suddenly coming on in his brain.
, Jesus. Something about this guy’s smile makes Dean feel weak in the knees. He doesn’t know if it’s the shape of his mouth, or the way his cheek dimples, or the flash of his teeth, or what. But his smile
“Were you ever going to tell me?” is what finally comes out, and it turns out it’s
Castiel blinks and rolls his head toward the muted sound of Sam’s voice calling for his brother, sharp with panic, aiming to hold him away from the precipice of death. Colors and shapes float lazily across his vision before resolving into Sam, crouching over Dean, who is sprawled like a rag doll on the concrete. Sam’s got his hands over Dean’s heart, leans his full weight into it, looking between his brother and the open door, distraught. Castiel sees the blood staining Sam’s wrists and forearms and commands his body to cooperate, to sit up. The room spins. He collapses against the icy concrete floor, squeezes his eyes shut, swallows.
He puffs out a breath. “Yeah. You know. For dragging you into all of this fucking mess in the first place. For getting you killed more times than I care to count. Fuck, Cas, I’ve done nothing but let you down from the very beginning.”
on a dime, and he shies away from the thought, years of practice making it unsettlingly easy.
He can feel the old, aching void that opened inside him every time Castiel was taken away from him, yawning wide to swallow him whole. It makes him want to crawl into the nearest bottle and never resurface. But floating above that feeling like an oil slick is a new sort of pain, sharp and acute and piercing through his heart a thousand times worse than whatever Billie could have doled out to him.
, in the passenger seat. He should be sitting there, and he isn’t and Dean is sure it’s his fault. As usual. As fucking usual. Half his drive had been spent in a total daze, true, but the other half Dean spent second-guessing every decision he’d made that culminated in building Cas a funeral pyre.
“No, no,” Sam hurries to say, holding up both hands in a placating gesture. “Cas is great. Castiel. I like it.” He looks down at the tiny face poking up out of Dean’s hoodie and addresses Cas directly. “It’s nice to meet you, Cas,” he says, very seriously, and Dean stares incredulously at his brother as he walks past him into the living room and dumps his backpack next to the couch. Dean looks down at Cas and sees him preening, hanging over the edge of Dean’s neckline and meticulously washing his face with his delicate claws, chirruping happily to himself.
long time.
“No, Cas,” Dean says, “I’m glad you told me. Just wish you’da stuck around long enough to let me answer you.” Castiel’s lips part and his eyes widen in surprise, and Dean wants to fucking
Dean freezes, mouth hovering bare millimeters from Castiel’s skin, as Cas continues, “I know you want to.” And, most quiet of all: “It’s okay.”
“Cas,” Dean interrupts him, exhaling against the dip under Castiel’s throat. “Shut up.” Castiel can feel the smile Dean’s hiding against his skin and decides he is going to take whatever Dean is offering.
“What — ” Sam begins.
“Have you heard from Jack?” Cas asks during one of his infrequent pauses from devouring his dinner. He reaches for his beer and takes a long swig, looking at Sam expectantly.
“No,” Jack says pleasantly, crossing his hands behind his back and making his way over to the backseat passenger-side door. He looks at Dean serenely over the roof of the car. “I have… much to resolve,” he adds, glancing at Sam as the moose catches up to them and grabs for the handle of the front door. “But I’ll stay at least until you get Cas back. Maybe a bit longer.”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean says with a smile. This one is soft, bending his plush mouth into a bow, unshakeable and full of promise. “Just like that.”
sparks through the air, skipping along every inch of Dean’s skin and making the hair stand up all over his body. From the corner of his eye, he sees Sam shudder.
But, no rest for the weary, Dean gets up from the kitchen table, closes the back door, and meanders his way to the bathroom for a shower. Knowing just what he needs to lift his mood, he washes the day’s sweat and flour from his skin and pulls on clean underwear, then bundles himself up in his favorite fuzzy grey bathrobe. He returns to the kitchen to make himself a bowl of popcorn. While the kernels pop, he sets up his coffee for the morning. On his way into the living room Dean grabs one of the leftover lemon-blueberry muffins from the morning rush, then settles himself on the couch to decompress with some
Dean shakes his head, mute, and shambles over to his coffee maker, feeling remarkably sad. He flips the machine on and listens to it drip, then wanders back into his room, his heart breaking just a little. Sam trails behind him, arms crossed over his chest, respecting Dean’s space and silence for all of forty-five seconds.
So he ups his game, starts trying to set the mood. Dean drags Cas out to a local bar with low lighting and live music. They share a table and some beers and a conversation about ancient brewing techniques, because of course that’s what Cas wants to talk about, leaning close to be heard over the noise. At one point Castiel looks at Dean through his eyelashes, almost fucking
“Yeah,” Dean tells him. “She’s around here somewhere. Lives here now.” He lets out a slow breath and continues, “Once Chuck was out of the picture, Jack– well, he sort of reset… everything. Brought everyone back like that Rapture shit never happened.”
The more monsters he could draw off and fight, the safer Dean would be. The more Dean could rest and regroup perhaps meant he would survive long enough to find a way out of this place.
she makes us pay for our lover’s sins as well as our own,
As far as Dean’s concerned, a nanosecond is too long. He shakes his head and pushes past Cas into the kitchen, ignoring Sam calling him back, ignoring the hurt look that he catches on Cas’ face just as he spins out of the way to avoid Dean’s blustering exit.
Cas’ feelings for him to be… y’know… romantic or whatever. But he at least wants to give Cas a chance at – at
Better to keep on in their usual way, bound in each other’s orbit, drifting apart and then colliding again in a shower of sparks, Dean silently wanting, but telling himself over and over they weren’t meant for anything other than what they already had.
They go through the rigmarole of exchanging the tea for the coffee before Dean’s charm comes swaggering to the fore – back from wherever it runs and hides anytime he sees this man’s soft smile – making him lean casually on the counter and peek up through his lashes.
Cas walks slowly around the table to Dean, crouching down beside his chair. He studies Dean’s face for a moment, or maybe Dean’s soul, who the fuck knows, before asking in the same soft tone, as though afraid Dean will spook and bolt from the room: “Is it so very hard for you to say it to me?”
Thumbing open his phone, Dean sees the time and swears, tumbling out of bed and pulling on the nearest pair of jeans and what he’s pretty sure is a clean henley. “Gabe, shit, man,” he grumbles, voice rough with unrestful sleep. “I’m sorry, I slept like crap, didn’t even hear my alarm. I’m– I’m on my way–” He’s babbling into the phone, shoving his socked feet into his boots and striding down the hall without bothering to tie them. He comes into the kitchen, grabs his keys and his coat, and hustles out the back door. He’ll have to make a coffee at the bakery, no time right now.
Dean stares at him, mouth hanging open, before spluttering, “Do you– you wanna explain to me
Cas tastes of salt and earth, and Dean runs his mouth over every inch of him he can reach, wanting all of it, wanting
They get back to Lebanon in the wee hours of the morning, Sam flooring the gas pedal through three states while Dean silently stews in the backseat, holding onto the threads of his sanity and Castiel’s grace with sheer stubborn will. Sam parks the car and they stumble out of the garage into the labyrinth of the bunker with Castiel suspended between them, barely conscious now. They shuffle him into his room, wrangling him onto the bed before Sam gives Dean an indecipherable look and disappears back through the door.
When he doesn’t pull away, only sits frozen in surprise, Dean’s touch becomes firmer. He slides the tips of his fingers over Castiel’s hand and carefully curls them around, brushing tender against his palm before gripping Castiel tight. Dean stares at their hands, joined on the bed, and swallows so thickly Castiel can hear it in the quiet bedroom.
Mindful of Cas’ current state, Dean pulls Cas’ arm across his shoulders, then wraps his own arm around Cas’ waist, taking some of his weight without giving Castiel the option to protest or decline, privately shocked at how warm Cas is where they’re pressed together. Dean watches a bead of sweat roll down the side of Cas’ face and his calm dissolves again, a new sliver of alarm making a mad dash through his gut. “Let’s go, okay? Nice an’ slow, ain’t no real rush.” He hopes that’s true, desperately, with all the good left in him. “We’ll figure out how to fix you right up.”
“Huh. Well, since I don’t have another one to compare, size difference ain’t gonna help me,” Dean says with a roll of his eyes. He pulls his phone away from his ear to check the time. “Listen, I gotta go. Thanks, man.”
Castiel smiles at the memory and looks at Charlie from the corner of his eye. There’s a lull in the afternoon service and he’s busy wiping down the glass pastry case. “I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he lies, and Charlie comes around to the front of the counter to smack at his arm with the back of her hand.
Dean’s stomach drops to his feet when he sees Cas stumble backward like he’s been hit square in the chest. For a moment, nothing else happens, and then Cas lights up like a Christmas tree. He doubles over, and as he does, a layer of light peels away from him, growing huge and taking shape behind him like a shadow, tall and winged and completely otherworldly, its edges shifting fluidly. It hovers in the air behind Cas for a long moment before crashing back into him, and he crumples to the ground, still.
Sam turns back to him and pushes Dean away, grabbing his face in his hands. “What happened, Dean? Where’s Cas?”
“Ugh,” Castiel mutters, sitting back from the table and blinking his eyes owlishly against the glare of the kitchen lights. “
“The Hell it wasn’t! I told you, Dean, I’ve had enough of you getting into all these fights! What kind of example are you setting for your brother? You’re gonna clean up your act or so help me–”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, wiping crumbs of toast off his chin. “Whatcha doin’ up?”
One more big hug and thank you to
Dean tries to convince himself it’s not shameful when the only thing left to
Dean’s face gets hot, like he’s had a few too many beers. He opens his mouth but can’t think of a thing to say besides, “Yes,” because privately, selfishly, he wants Cas to tell him he stayed
with a stylized bee flying around a honey jar. Dean wonders who drew it as he meanders over to the pickup counter to wait.
“Kid, I said
Castiel’s hand darts out from under the sheet and he grips Dean’s wrist, forcing Dean to pause and look at him. His eyes are wide and open, too sincere, boring another hole into Dean’s painstakingly constructed defenses. “I already have,” he says, and the words hit Dean like a physical blow. It’s the first time Cas has mentioned anything about his sacrifice since coming back, and even though Dean’s been on pins and needles waiting for it, it still lands like a thunderbolt.
Sam shrugs helplessly. “I don’t know, Dean. Maybe. We’ve literally never seen this happen before. I don’t know if anyone has.”
“You accepted the bite.”
They’ve gone through about half of the warren of stalls at the market, mostly sticking together, drifting into and out of each other’s orbits as something or other catches the eye and draws one of their group away momentarily. Turning a corner, Dean looks over to ask Castiel if he’s okay to stay for a little while longer, but the other man is nowhere to be seen.
Dean stares at Sam for another minute before shaking his head and starting the car. “What the
He rips the headphones off and jumps from the bed, rage boiling out of him as he yells “Fuck!” and flings his beer bottle, still half-full, at the closed door. It explodes with a wet pop, glass showering to the floor shiny and sharp, vicious confetti, but it doesn’t satisfy the fury inside him. It’s not enough. It’s never enough.
“You wanna tell me about what’s going on?” he asks, offering an ear as he’s done many times in the past.
“I understand, sir,” Dean replied, voice tight. It was a dangerous line to walk; he knew if he didn’t sound apologetic enough John wouldn’t buy it, but Dean was clinging with slipping fingertips to his temper, now. His shoulder throbbed and his lip stung and his arm felt like it was on
He watches Sam freeze, mid-page-turn, and raise his eyes to Dean’s face. His expression is completely neutral — he doesn’t even lift his eyebrows, and Dean doesn’t know what to do with that because he figured if he ever told Sam about what happened when Cas died six months ago, it would have blown his freakin’ mind.
A blush floods Castiel’s face as he smiles self-consciously, one corner of his mouth tucked up into his cheek, and shakes his head against Dean’s chest. “It was so stupid,” he says, exasperated with himself. “I don’t know
when – they really mattered. He’s always been more of a doer. And now is no exception; whatever words he has dry up, stillborn in his throat as he finally lets the telltale sting in his sinuses overwhelm him. Tears he’s been holding onto for hours, eons, well and brim over, sliding slow and salty down his cheeks. They collect on his chin, drip into the dark soil and soak in, mingling with Castiel’s remains.
Sam laughs again and heads for the door. “Sure, Dean. Whatever you need.” He disappears into the hallway, leaving Dean alone with his thoughts in an otherwise empty room.
“Uh. I mean,” Dean coughs and rubs a hand across the back of his neck. He realizes he could have prepared a
He’s never seen a real dragon before – they’re not as common in the States – and even though he knew they were small, he’s surprised by how
Dean opens his eyes and stares blearily up at his ceiling. They’d been up pretty late last night, so Dean isn’t surprised to see mid-morning sunlight streaming in through the windows. His head does not appreciate the cheery assault. He hadn’t had
Castiel sucks in a slow breath. He looks off into the bunker, presumably towards where Jack is still with Sam. He seems to choose his words very carefully when he finally answers, “I am… as close to glad as I can be, given the circumstances.”
, but… here they are, his anger melted away and replaced by the stark terror of watching Castiel disappear again.
“Good night, mom,” Castiel called as she left. He reached for the tea she had brought and took a small sip. Peppermint and honey, warm and comforting, but doing nothing to settle the writhing thing inside him as he sat and looked up at the stars, steadfastly trying to ignore the explosion of sunflowers on his shoulder, but finding himself unable.
Castiel is met with a wide, hungry look when he reaches and covers Dean’s hand with his own. He pants, mouth open and dripping soft little “
. Dean can suddenly hear his pulse in his ears, feeling raw and exposed under Cas’ intense scrutiny. He’s acutely aware of Castiel’s feathers (
This, though, was a risk Dean was more than willing to take. He’d wanted so much, so badly and for so long, and they were
It hits him like a stroke of lightning, how badly he wants Castiel. He suddenly knows he’s wanted Cas just that badly for years, and it’s all spilling out of him now, all the things he’s wanted but was too busy or too afraid to give them space to grow. Every atom in Dean’s body yearns, trapped in Cas’ orbit as surely as the planets orbiting the sun; he needs to touch Cas everywhere, needs to get his hands and his mouth and his cock all over this strange, beautiful creature as fast as possible because he’s already wasted so much time.
? How is he supposed to tell Sam about this? How will he tell
He and Aaron had played a couple of the games and gone on a few rides, though Dean flat-out refused to go on the ferris wheel (he wasn’t
All told, it does feel like falling in love with Castiel was inevitable.
, that Castiel loved him?
Sitting in a vast darkness, silent and still, he thinks about the nature of connection. Gossamer strings of –
Castiel blinks glowing eyes and looks away from Dean, curling around himself in a wretched-looking ball. His wings pinch close to his body, hunched over his shoulders like he’s expecting a blow. Dean can see Cas withdrawing from him, and dismay gnaws at his insides.
“Dean-o! Thought you’d finally abandoned ship, dude,” Gabe says in an obnoxiously cheerful voice. How.
He doesn’t know how long he’s been sitting in his car, baking, before he finally turns to the jar beside him, tucked carefully into a box on the passenger seat. A jar. Castiel, a goddamn
“I feel like such an idiot,” he muttered, pressing his forehead into the shower tiles and rolling it back and forth.
Castiel was up and following after Meg before his brain caught up with what she’d said and he halted in his tracks, dumbfounded. He didn’t– he didn’t
But the longer he looked, the more blood dribbled through Dean’s fingers as he clenched his hands futilely over the wound, the more Castiel’s stomach sank. “It’s not,” he whispered, caught between terror and hope, his insides churning. If it
Blood spilled, garish and brash, across the slick surface under Castiel’s feet, puddling and pooling, and he watched, impotent, as Dean’s face contorted in a rictus of pain. His teeth clenched and bloodied, he slid the blade free of his ribs and let it clatter soundlessly to the ground. Castiel collapsed all the way to his knees, mind blank and heart in agony, as he sat trapped, unable to look away from the most precious person in his entire universe bleeding to death in front of him.
“Dean,” Cas rumbles, stirring underneath Dean’s hand and pushing himself up to sitting. He rubs his hands over his face, another oddly human gesture, and turns to Dean, looking sleepy and soft and extremely kissable. “You’re back.” The relief in Castiel’s voice hits Dean like a hurricane, and his fingers tighten involuntarily, pressing into Cas’ arm in search of safe harbor. Words he’s not ready to say crowd his throat, trying to escape.
, why can’t he
.” Didn’t stop him from doing it, though. From hoping. He swallows the memory. He does not like to think about what it felt like to mourn Castiel. They say people can’t remember pain, but Dean keeps the sorrow of Cas’ loss like a memorial in his deepest heart. “Look. I get it if you don’t — don’t want to stay here with Sam an’ me with Heaven open to you again, but — you couldn’t just… let me know you were — ?”
or otherwise – Dean still has no real, rational explanation for why he let Castiel into his house.
But there’s no answer from within Cas’ room. Dean waits a moment more before knocking again. “Cas? You okay in there?” He hears rustling movement beyond the door, and maybe Cas was still asleep and Dean woke him. If that’s the case, he hopes Sam is making some headway on how they’re going to fix this.
Castiel nods again, knowing glint in his eye, smile tugging at his mouth. “See you soon.”
Arms curling around Cas, Dean buries his fingers in the downy not-feathers at his shoulder blades and presses. Castiel lets out a positively unholy sound that ping-pongs around inside of Dean and settles warm and low in his belly, so he does it again, nibbling at Cas’ lips. He’s secretly, deeply pleased when Cas opens to him so Dean can swallow that noise and keep it for himself.
. I will try your method,” Castiel tells Charlie grumpily on Tuesday morning.
He reminds himself that Cas is literally sitting
He can hear Sam holding back more laughter as he says, “Well, good luck with that. And the
Smiling himself, Dean lets the simple joy of making the person he loves happy wash over him. He squeezes Castiel’s fingers under the table and then pulls his hand away, turning his attention back to his own dinner.
The eddying turned into bubbling turned into churning darkness, and as the murk seethed, Castiel felt a
At that, Sam’s eyebrows
Castiel is simultaneously befuddled and pleased as Sam comes into the room with a fresh mug of coffee in one hand and a giant smile on his face. Handing the mug off to his brother, he strides to Castiel’s bedside and slaps a giant hand on his shoulder. “Welcome back, Cas,” he says warmly, eyes bright. He nods towards Dean, who stands statue-still in the middle of the room, mug in hand and face cycling through several expressions. When Sam says, “Maybe now Dean’ll quit whining all the time,” though, he lands firmly on his Ready For Nuclear War With His Little Brother face.
It’s driving Castiel crazy.
to kiss Castiel. Or have Cas kiss him, whatever. He doesn’t care who kisses who at this point, which, okay, is a crazy thing to realize about himself. He doesn’t know about any of the rest of it, he’s still not sure he can give himself the space to think about how he
“Hey!” he snaps, and his voice is loud enough that it startles Castiel into sitting up and back. “I said, quit it, Cas.” Almost immediately, guilt rushes over Dean when Castiel’s face goes from grouchy petulance to something akin to shame.
It’s a risk and he’s pretty sure it’s either going to make him go deaf or insane, but Dean pulls his hands away from his ears and grips the amber pendant in one hand, feather in the other. He does his best to block out the waves of sound around him and turns his focus inward, picturing Castiel’s face.
manages to turn his head to the side so he doesn’t spit beer right in his brother’s face, while Sam sputters and looks so fucking constipated Dean would laugh if he also wasn’t turning the color of a fire engine, thinking it couldn’t possibly get any worse.
“Dean–” Castiel interrupts, but Dean shakes his head, cutting him off.
“Ain’t nothin’ dysfunctional about what just happened, buddy,” Dean says, huffing a low laugh, but Cas is frowning, serious and quiet.
the fluffy cloud feeling.
A mildly uncomfortable silence descends as they eat. Dean’s starting to feel that spot between his shoulder blades itch and is naturally in the middle of a drink when Castiel announces, “We’re not sleeping together, Sam.”
okay?”
They stand in the greenhouse, grateful to be holding on to each other, bright silence around them filled with potential. Castiel – with his cracked chassis, with his dedication to making choices freely – has given Dean this gift. They are together and they are free, to do with their lives as they please, starting right this moment.
. ^.^;
Besides, Castiel knew he deserved this. The endless running, the endless fighting, never having more than a few moments – if he was lucky – to rest. Worrying each night as darkness fell that he wouldn’t hear Dean’s prayers, that Dean would just – disappear, quietly, from Castiel’s life. Castiel was here for penance, he knew. But if Dean died in this place, then no amount of time spent in Purgatory, or prayer, or penance, would redeem Castiel. If Dean died here, it would be Castiel’s fault.
this!”
. Liquid heat pools low in his belly, making him gasp and shake, louder and more fervently when Dean takes himself out as well and slides against Castiel, scorching hot, solid, slick.
he’s imagining the intense looks and attempts at flirting (he knows he’s not imagining how flustered he gets over the stupidest shit), but he still doesn’t even know the guy’s name.
“I wish you would,” Castiel tells him, equally affected.
in his visions of the future, when he gave himself leeway to dream of such things.
He was a little young for it, true, but it happened all the same, one muggy summer evening when he was hanging out with Meg at the rec center, swinging his legs in the man-made lake and watching her swim. A bright pain suddenly bloomed on his left shoulder and he watched, surprised, thrilled,
“I said, that’s
“Heya, Cas,” Dean responds, chin tilted up, small smile on his lips. Castiel is surprised by how much he enjoys the way Dean says his name.
is Cas going
going to sit and analyze right now because seriously
The fear sat like an icy lump in his stomach as Dean righted his bike and started walking home. His shoulder stung something awful and he berated himself mercilessly the entire length of his walk; for letting Lee provoke him, for letting Aaron hold his hand, for– for kissing him, for being curious about it in the first place. What was he thinking? How could he have been so
Castiel just rolls his eyes. “I think I can handle that, Dean,” he says, fondly exasperated, and pulls Dean back in for another kiss.
“Dean, that’s not fair — ” Castiel tries to interrupt, but Dean’s not having it.
“C’mere, you little punk,” Dean says, splashing water over Cas and laughing again when the dragon looks mortally wounded that Dean would retaliate in this manner. He makes a grab for Cas, but his long snake-like body slides right out of Dean’s grip in the water and the dragon makes a mad scramble for the shower curtain, bunched up at one end of the tub. He gets his claws into the fabric just as Dean manages to get a good grip on Castiel, helped along by the fact that the dragon has gotten a little thicker around the middle.
in his head before he worked up the nerve to actually make the damn thing? –
No. No, he’s gonna stay here a while longer.
is the world where Cas fell for him, in every way imaginable.
“Y-Yeah, see you,” Dean stammers, then turns and bolts like the coward he is.
Castiel looks down at himself, pressing a hand into his chest as though he himself hadn’t noticed and needed to confirm this particular detail. He looks back up at Dean, eyes narrowed. “Yes…?”
. Dean was many things, but an ungrateful idiot was not one of them: when someone offered you free food you
“Hey!” Dean protests, but Castiel goes on.
, too. They’d been alone when the Empty took Cas. He’d had no one else to say goodbye to. And besides – angels can’t… can’t feel that way, at least not the way humans do. So of course, of
