It was a sport bra.
"Take your shirt and the harness off, then stand in the middle there." Bruce points to the open area. "I want to get a better look at just how much wing you have, so if you would please extend your wings out as far as you can." Steve slowly unfolded his wings off his back and spread them gradually wider and wider until they were fully spread.
“A knot is a bulb on a male dog's penis that, when they reach orgasm, inflates inside the female to keep ejaculate inside and increase the chance of pregnancy.” There was a strangled noise and then Tony’s laughter.
“Steve..ugh” Tony tried to push Steve away but Steve didn’t budge. “Steve... I'm gonna.” Tony tried again to push Steve away from him, but Steve just swallowed again and hummed. Tony cried out Steve’s name as he came in Steve’s mouth and down his throat, Steve swallowed everything Tony gave him and then licked his dick clean before he crawled up to see the debauched inventor who was still panting from the strength of his orgasm.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought you would want to see your female form the second that the Captain no longer needed it. I must say it is rather small in the chest, is this normal for Midgardians?” Loki inquired from Bruce. Bruce pushed up his glasses on the bridge of his nose and frowned slightly.
“We love you Steve, I love you, when will you understand that you are important to us? I don’t know where I would be without you and I know that Buck feels the same. Do you believe that you aren’t fucking amazing? Shit, Steve. You have our child growing inside for you! A living being! That is the most amazing thing in the universe.”
“The fuck are you talking about? Your rooms? I'll show my foot to your ass, get the hell out of my tower!” Loki grinned and magicked himself a chair to sit in.
“Wow, full name and everything.” Tony whispered to Bruce and in response Bruce pressed a little harder than he needed and Tony hissed out in pain and remained quiet as Bruce finished.
Tony’s lips were soft and sweet, everything Steve had ever imagined and more. Steve, once out of his shock, started to kiss back. He leaned over more and slotted their mouths over each other. He took Tony's bottom lip between his and sucked on it, drawing a whine from the smaller man. Tony’s tongue traced the seam of Steve’s lips making him gasp. Tony deepened the kiss, his tongue licked into Steve’s mouth, making a noise of pleasure leave the taller man. Steve had backed them up to the wall and pressed Tony against it. His hands held Tony’s hips and slid over his ass, he gripped under the genius' thighs and pinned the smaller man to the wall. Tony’s legs wrapped around Steve’s hips and Steve thrust their hips together, they both let out a moan. The feeling of their still clothed dicks rubbing together was mind blowing.
“Steve, Baby? Are you ok?” Tony. It was Tony. He sounded so worried, he must have been so worried when Loki took him and he couldn’t do anything. God, he was such a horrible person but, he couldn’t take being around anyone right now.
please leave comments and kudos, tell me what you think or if you have ideas on what you might like to see happen next!
"He recognized me... not me, not really, but, he saw that I was like him,” Steve raised his wings to indicate what he was talking about and also to wrap his shoulders in the soft down feathers, “pl-please, please help him?” Steve’s voice cracked and Tony pulled him into a tight embrace. He wished that he was the one who had wings, they felt so good to be wrapped up in and he wished that he could do that for Steve, make him feel protected, safe.
“What were you thinking about?” His voice was quiet and soft like a child. Loki tensed. “I mean, only if you want to. You just looked so… I don't know. Never mind, its stupid.” Steve ducked his head and made a move to get out of Loki’s lap, but he held his arms fast and kept the man from getting up. He took a breath and began stroking through Steve’s hair once again.
“Now, now, that is not how you treat the person who saved your life. I'll ignore it this time because of shock, but I won’t be lenient with disrespect in the future.” Loki crossed his legs and examined his nails. Tony looked from Steve to Bucky for an answer and Steve took a deep breath before he explained what happened.
“I want an interview set up with a reputable paper and a talk show, lets also set up a meeting with Xavier and some community service events where we can make an appearance. Oh, and send DUM-E up with the shirts I have been working on.”
“Sir, it appears that Mr. Barnes is in distress, I suggest that you wake master rogers and go to comfort him, I believe that it was a nightmare that woke him and the fact that he is alone in a unfamiliar place further strained the situation.” J.A.R.V.I.S sounded worried and that was a lot saying that he was a AI that Tony had programmed when he was in college.
“I see our little bitch has woken up just in time for all the fun,” he spat in Tony's face and walked around behind Tony. “well, look at this, she is already all wet and loose for me, just begging to be bred.” Tony felt fingers probe in his hole, he could tell that he was indeed wet and loose already. Fuck! His body jolted without his say, he tried to remain still but the feeling of something at his hole was like nothing he had ever felt before. His whole body felt like it was on fire, and his ass felt even wetter.
“What do you mean ‘
Whatever Tony was expecting, it was not this. There Steve was, sitting half naked on his bed, fingers Nervously grooming the golden insides of his... wait, are those WINGS! What the Fuck! Steve had wings! He must have had one hell of an expression on his face because Steve let out a chuckle.
Rather than bring his hand down with force, this time Rogers massaged the aching muscles of Tony’s ass, pointedly staying away from the searing red hand prints left by him and rather ribbing at the sides and tops of his thighs to help with the pain. There was a damp spot where Tony buried his face in the blanket again as he worked through each new wave of pain.
did nothing!” Tony’s voice was high at Peppers accusation. “It was tall, dark, and crazy over there.” Tony pointed at Loki like a petulant child and Loki scoffed while he rose from his seat.
The pull of the muscles in his back was agonizing, he felt like he was going to bust out of his skin. He bent over his knees and felt a warm sensation dripping down his spine. Before he could piece together what was happening, a loud ripping sound and screams filled his ears, he didn't realize it was him screaming through the pain. It was even worse than when he was put in that vita-ray machine and gained 100 lbs and grew a foot in 30 seconds.
“Tony, I'm fine. I tripped and fell while trying to make a sandwich, nothing is bruised but my ego.” Steven chuckled to try and lighten the mood and pushed himself up from the floor, he hissed in pain and almost fell back down, but caught himself on the counter top and clutched it with a white knuckled grip until he got a hold in his breathing again.
“Yeah, you remember how much you liked it, having his cock in our ass.” Rogers expressed his words by grabbing onto Steven’s hips and grinding his erection along Steven’s ass. Steven turned so red he matched his shield. “You want it, a cock up your ass, filling you up and splitting you open, let's see if that ass is as tight as it always was.” Rogers grabbed Steven by the back of the neck and bent him over the island, with his other hand, he tore Steven’s sweatpants off of him and curled his arm around to pull at Steven’s erection,
“I do.” Steve replied in a reserved tone, not making eye contact with Tony.
“Is he sure? I don’t want him to rush himself because he feels he owes it to me or something else.” after a silence Jarvis doesn’t answer, just opens the elevator and Tony steps inside.
Tony listened to Steve and Bucky talk. They all needed to be there for this but Tony had no place in the feelings Steve was having with Bucky at the moment so he just sat back and tapped away at some designs on his tablet.
“This is Peter Parker, he is Spider-Man, and is training under me as my protégé.” Thor beamed at Peter and pulled the kid into a bear hug.
“If there is a set of Twins born to a king, neither of them are allowed the throne, it is said that they share a soul; a king can't have half a soul, I believe that Nari went looking for the other half of his soul.”
“Th-the me bein’ a faggot.” Steve said very quietly. Tony flinched at the word, sure he had heard it, hell he had even been called it a few times but it was a totally different thing to hear it come out of Captain America's mouth.
“There you are!” Tony exclaimed when he saw his robot by one of his work stations with a box sitting on the table. “Thanks butterfingers.” Tony sat down and set Steve on the box while he patted the robot on the chassis and sent it to hang out with its brothers.
sorry it took me a little longer to get this chapter out i wanted to figure out where i wanted this story to go. i was thinking i could turn this into a mpreg and if so who should have the baby. (Bucky?) what do you guys think? comment below what you would like to see and ill try to incorperate some of the ideas in if i can. as always please enjoy!
The slick sound of Bucky’s hand sped up again, matching the pace that Steve set, another burst of heat moved to her core. She planted her hands on either side of the arc reactor and pushed herself up and down on Tony’s length. She settled for a second and circled her hips, feeling Tony’s cock inside her twitch. She smiled down at his blissed-out face and bent over, placing a kiss on the middle of the reactor. Tony seemed to come back to himself, he caught Steve’s eye and flipped them again.
“Come on Captain, I don’t have all day.” Steve thought about it for a few seconds, and then followed Loki.
“Nat, Pepper. what are you- HEY! Don’t touch me there!”
"Any objections? None? OK, Ghost busters it is. Jarvis?"
He stilled and cupped Steve's ass with a loud groan. “Fuck! Steve, that's so hot, wearing those for me. have you been in those all day? I want to fuck you while you are still in ‘em. Just push them aside and just slip right in.” Bucky wanted to see what all the fuss was about so, in one smooth movement he flipped Steve over onto her back and sat between her splayed legs.
“Well,” both Steve and Tony jumped when Dr. Banners voice came from behind them, the other Steve just smirked and went on with his pacing. “I appears that the laser split you, it took the condensed personality traits from the multiverse and put them into one body, but this resulted in a unstable state so the traits pushed away from one another and stuck with like minded traits so then instead of ripping you in half it created a new copy of you, kind of like cell division, you received all the good,” Bruce turned and gestured to the other Steve, “and he got the bad.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“While I would like to get a full physical workup that is good for now, I understand that you guys have some things to discuss so you are free to go.”
Rogers pushed Tony's legs and Tony lifted his right leg so Rogers could slip a leg between his and fully press themselves together under the warmth of the blankets.
“Well, how ‘bout I do my first drawing’ to thank the guy who got me this wonderful book.” Steve was already opening the book to the first page and taking one of his new pencils in his hands.
Steve was knocked over by Tony jumping on him to embrace him. They both landed with a thud on the floor, Tony with his hand strangling Steve’s neck as he sobbed into his boyfriend’s chest. Steve stayed stunned for a moment, and then he wrapped his strong arms around the weeping man on his lap. He kissed Tony’s forehead and put his chin on top of Tony’s head, Tony wept into Steve’s shirt and Steve held him, every once and a while he would shush him and rub circles over his tense shoulder blades. Steve cried with him and they sat there, just like that for a while, holding each other.
Bucky turned his attention back to Steve; he crossed his arms over his chest and sighed at the image of such a large man trying to be small.
A few minutes of teasing later Rogers made a questioning noise and walked back over to Tony’s prone body, he pulled him up by his hair into a standing position and circled him like a hunger shark.
“Well, I do. So why don’t you hop to it. S’not gonna draw itself now, is it.”
"that's why I'm moving the couch and chairs."
Then he saw him.
After their breakfast together the two Winged Wonders went off to the gym to spar while Tony made his way down to the lab where his Protégé is waiting.
The jet landed in a clearing a little way away from the actual base, the loading dock lowered and the team filed out. Bruce stayed behind to man the comms and because they didn’t know if Hulk would be needed yet. Thor took Natasha and Clint, one (Natasha) held against him with his free arm and the other holding onto him like he was getting a piggyback ride, and took off. Steve took hold of the grips in Tony's armor and they shot off after the others.
“Thank you for telling me, I know it must be hard with the memories, but every moment that you get back is a victory over those at HYDRA that tried to take them away from you.” Bruce said. he decided that this part of the exam was over and moved on to the next part, the wings. They lead Bucky to the gym so that he can spread out his wings fully and get proper measurements as well as some flight tests, even though they know he can fly, Bruce wants to see if the metal arm weighs him down on one side.
I can't believe it has been a year since I started writing this fic, I would like to thank all of my readers, whether you have been with me from the start of have just found this, Thank you. without awesome people like you I would have never continued this story. sadly I am planning to wrap this story up soon, but don't worry there is still a bit to go. As a thank you I have written about 1500 words of pure Smut, thanks again for being awesome!
there you go! some presenting and a fight over Tony as a mate, poor Tony what is he going to do with these two bull headed men who love him. please comment and leave kudos below!
“There is movement inside. Ironman, scan and scout the building for other entrances. Widow and Hawkeye, you two get on the roof and work your magic. Thor you will come with me.” the team each took off in their respective directions as soon as they got them.
"The gland secretes oil to be used to groom and waterproof the wings, it's no wonder they are in this shape if the oil was never used. From now on I need to have me or someone else do this for you to keep them healthy." Bruce began gathering the oil and carefully spreading it into his feathers. Steve was loving the attention and went into a state of pure bliss, just vibrating with happiness. When Bruce finished he let out an unhappy sigh and then came back to himself.
“She is exhausted from the busy day, I figured that you guys would like to take her up to your rooms so she can get some real rest in an actual bed.”
“I need some air,” Steve all but jumped up. “Please stay with him?” Bucky nodded and Steve left the room. He rode the elevator to the roof and took a running jump off into the air. He finally felt in control of something, as small as it is, being able to control his body has always made him feel better.
“Greetings fellow warriors!” Thor’s voice boomed out as he made his way over to them. “Friend Tony! It is good to see you. I see that there are a few new faces among us.” Tony couldn’t tell if Thor already knew about the wings and was prepared for it or it was just one of those things that didn’t faze Thor, simply because he had seen it before.
“It's yours,” Steve’s voice is small but both men hear, Bucky is the one to ask the question that is going through both his and Tony’s minds.
"No! No Jarvis, don't call anyone."
The team had allowed Steve to stay down there at first, bringing him food and giving reassurances but as the days stretched on, the worse Steve got. Bucky felt the same way, he loved Tony like Steve did, they had talked about it after Tony was taken and Steve came to him for some comfort. Bucky wanted to just say fuck it and fly all over the place looking for Tony himself but he knew that he had to be there for Steve. He was barely hanging on now and without Bucky to be his rock he isn’t sure what Steve would do, nothing good. the last time Bucky wasn’t there Steve had put a plane in the arctic and got himself frozen for 70 years.
“St-Steve.” Tony moaned his name. That was the tipping point for Steve, he picked Tony up and carried him into his bedroom. He let Tony fall onto the bed and followed after, he stripped Tony of his clothes and then flipped him on his stomach. Tony moaned when his neglected dick rubbed on the sheets.
When Steve reached his floor, he stripped out of his suit and stepped under the steaming shower. One of the best things about the future was the endless hot water. Once cleaned off, he stepped out into his bedroom not stopping to put on clothes. No one would see him, he had the whole floor to himself, he reasoned.
Tony had always found Steve attractive, hell anyone with eyes would find Captain America attractive. Tony may have a little bias because even when he was barely 2 weeks old Howard was already shoving Captain America down his throat. (it was actually a rather patriotic poster of Captain America that he had in his room that he first figured out he like men because of). He had been pretty sure that Steve was a straight as a ruler, but with this ‘Evil twin’ thing going on, there must be at least a sliver of want based off of how much Rogers flirts with him.
please leave comments and kudos they make me so happy. I hope you enjoy!
“SHit, shit, SHIT!” there was a loud clicking before the window opened up and the slime slid out over his boots and up to about his calf. Steve cringed at the strange feeling and stepped out of the growing pile on the floor.
“Bu-but I bit you, you’re bleeding because of me.” Steve’s self-flagellation was interrupted by a drop of crimson falling onto the other side of Tony’s chest. Steve turned and saw the brown mop of Bucky’s hair draped over his shoulder where the drop had come from, for a second Steve’s heart stopped thinking he hurt Bucky as well, but then Bucky lifted his head, his blood-stained lips and the mark on Steve’s shoulder told a different story entirely. Still in a daze Bucky licked at the wound and wiped his mouth off with the back of his hand.
“Calm yourself Thor, it was nothing that was not asked for or needed.”
“Race ‘ya!”
“Nat, leave me to wallow by myself.” Steve felt tears prickle at the edges of his eyes just from hearing Tony’s voice.
The chair had an odd back and he had to drape his wings around the back of it so his feathers didn’t get messed up. He turned to the host, who had a worried look on his face, but he then slid an impeccable mask of extreme happiness and turned to the audience and introduced them by name. (what for Steve had no clue, but he put his press smile on and went along, mostly trying to keep his wings from ruffling or thwacking open, again)
Steven groaned at the feeling of the hot water pounding on his tense muscles and cleaning him off, he basked in the feeling for a bit before he decided he couldn’t put it off anymore. He carefully slid his hand down his back and traced his ass, he took a steadying breath and leaned over so he had better access, when his finger first probed his abused hole he nearly whined at the raw feeling, he scrunched his eyes closed and worked to clean himself as best he could.
“Right away, Sir.” the Iron man suit that was set up in the corner, disassembled, and flew over to Tony where it began assembling around him. Peter ran to his bag on the other side of the room back by his computer and began rummaging around in the various pockets.
“Right away.”
His face was on fire, salty tears fell in thick rivulets down his face. He was such an idiot. They wouldn’t want him; he was a freak.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Clint and Nat, go to S.H.I.E.L.D and ask Coulson about how to contact Thor.” The two agents stalked out of the med bay with a determined look on their faces, Steve knew that they wouldn’t return until they had Thor with them. Steve turned to Bucky, now slightly behind him and with his back to the wall, defensive and scanning for danger.
“T-Ton- Mmmm, need, need it. Please.” Steve ripped off the entire front of the suit with one last pull, his muscular chest bulging through his suit. He didn’t seem to know what to do with the sudden amount of flesh before him but after a second Steve leaned over and stuck his face in the dip of Tony’s neck, rubbing against him and humming.
the hell do you BREAK Captain America!?"
“WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT!?” Tony’s voice was shrill and his arms were making large gestures as he paced around the area on the roof where Bruce was taking a look at the now sedated, super soldiers.
Tony was a lot of things, but a rapist is not one of them and Steve obviously couldn’t give consent now so his right hand will have to work for tonight, but tomorrow he was going to have a LONG talk with Steve about just how much he liked that.
Luckily, Steve was able to Loki’s room by telling his lovers that he needed a run. It wasn’t a lie, he really did need to work off some energy, that just wasn’t was what he was going to do that second.
“get some sleep Tony, we can continue in the morning.” he placed the sleeping Steve, cushion and all in Tony’s arms and pushed him towards the private elevator that goes directly to his floor (he hasn’t been up to his penthouse in a long time mostly spending his nights on Steve’s floor.) Maybe he should ask Steve to move in to his floor, it did have a bigger bed. He shook that thought out of his head, he’d think about that once this whole shrinking incident was over. Then he and Steve would talk. Man, he was getting ahead of himself, what even were they to each other? Boyfriends? More? Less? They hadn’t really talked about this whole thing, it just sort of happened. He guessed that he had the whole wing thing to thank for that. He would have never acted on his feelings if Steve hadn't showed to him that he trusted him enough with something that intimate. GOD he was so whipped.
(See the end of the chapter for
“test the temperature and tell me if it’s alright,” Bucky looked over at Steve as if for permission and hesitantly reached forward with his metal arm, when he cautiously dipped two fingers in the water his eyes went wide for a split second. It was the most emotion Tony had seen him express yet, Bucky nodded and removed his hand returning it to his lap. Tony circled the bed and climbed in behind Bucky, he watched as Bucky's back went taunt and he pulled his wings closer to his body as he felt Tony move behind him.
His eyes blurred with tears, He tried to calm himself with the breathing techniques Bruce taught him. Once he was composed again, he decided to risk a look at what the ever loving fuck just happened to his back. His whole body shook with the effort it took to pull himself up, and didn't stop when he saw just what happened to him.
“Jarvis? Where is Tony?” Steve asks the ceiling as he wipes off with a towel.
“Hello Captain, I see you have found your ‘Bucky'. I have to say, watching you the last few months has been very interesting.” His slimy voice ruffled Steve’s feathers and made him see red.
“I figure that you would like to clean up.” Steve placed the towel next to him and then fluttered his wings up to the lip of the cup, ripples moved across the surface of the water from Steve’s wings. He slowly lowered himself into the cup first testing the water, once the temperature was deemed worthy he splashed in and bobbed to the surface. Tony laughed at Steve's enthusiastic little chirps of happiness at the feeling of warm water around him after the battle.
“glad you enjoy it.” he said and dipped a finger into the cup with Steve. Steve wrapped his arms around it and gave it a little squeeze. Tony twirled his finger in the cup, pulling Steve along for the ride.
sorry for the cliff hanger, as usual tell me what you think in the comments and leave kudos
Steve woke up on the ground, wings wrapped around him, blocking the sunlight from hitting him.
“One!”
“Sorry I woke you, I should be able to do this.” Tony looked down at his feet, mad with himself. Steve flew up to Tony's face and squeaked twice. “No?” Tony looked confused for a second and brought up his hand so Steve didn’t have to constantly fly to look at him. Tony's face flashed between a few emotions and then he got it.
"That's the oil gland," Bruce said as he gently massaged the gland and more oil was released a warm scent filled the air it wasn't bad it smelled like home to Steve. Safe.
Thank you so much for the kudos and comments it makes me so happy to read them!
“Captain!” the sudden voice snapped Steve out of the warm embrace and he whipped around to see one of the doctors. “He is getting worse, we cannot stop the progression.” Steve knew what that meant, even over the decades he missed, the tone in which a doctor gave news like this never changed. They couldn’t do anything more and expected the patient to die, he had heard it so many times, sometimes garbled by the fever or distant sobs of someone he couldn’t place. Steve didn’t have to even look at Bucky to know that he knew what it meant, they sprinted down the hall together without as much as a glance to the other to see if they were there.
“Sir has not had more than an hour of sleep in the 3 days since Mr. Barnes' arrival.”
“Calm down,” Tony’s face held a mischievous grin. “you look like you are marching off to your death. It’s nothing bad, actually, if I’m correct it will be pretty awesome.”
There was a cacophony of noise, Steve’s shriek, Bucky's interested groan, Loki's laugh, but she ignored all of it. She strode over to the cleared section of the lab where Jarvis was scanning Loki when they walked it.
Steve cried out; her thighs came together trapping Tony’s head between them. Her walls squeezed his fingers and her hips gave little aborted thrusts and felt her pleasure crescendo, then let the afterglow calm her sex muddled mind.
“Are you sure? Not feeling anything?”
Steve had a headache, which, was strange because he hadn't had a headache since 1943. The team had just finished their food and was going into the den for a movie
"Hey 'J, where's Steve?"
"No! Don't want them to know" Steve shouted his voice wavered and cracked from when Bruce's earlier attempts had resulted in tears.
For the first time since he arrived on the floor Tony noticed the people in the room with him. Clint was on the couch with a bowl of cereal that was more sugar than it was cereal. Natasha was reading a book on the ledge of the window and flipping a small knife between pages. Bruce was cooking like he normally did. He was the only one of them that demonstrated the ability to make edible food so, more than not he was the one cooking. Today he was standing over a pan of eggs and dropping little bits of bacon and spinach as it cooked, omelets.
“G-good, smell good. Wan-want you.” suddenly there was a wet tongue sliding up the side of his neck and when Steve got to Tonys jaw he nuzzled the bone with his nose for a minute before he started mouthing at the skin more and more until Tony was sure that there would be a mark left.
black lacy panties: https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&source=images&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwixqcWkmYziAhXnUt8KHX_MACYQjRx6BAgBEAU&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.shape.com%2Fshop%2Feberjey-anouk-lace-culotte-panties-pd40a6b2ae71ed42a4c5ae81b5a9e67b3.html&psig=AOvVaw3IswWHHrCki5woCU2XfV5w&ust=1557413961837013
“yeah, last I saw butterfingers had it. I hope that it wasn’t anything fragile.”
“It's good to finally be free,” his voice is low and seductive. he smirks and sashays, there is no other word for how he moves, over to Tony. Tony lifts both of his hands and points them toward the other Steve realizing that he was the one to be fighting.
when Tony stumbled into the kitchen Steve was already there, waiting perched on the faucet. As he passed, he patted Steve on the head with a finger and started the coffee maker.
A flash of light, and Steve was now a Stephanie.
"Jarvis can you brighten the lights?" When the lights brighten he nearly gasps at the sight before him. His fingers itched for his sketch book and a pencil.
“Ok, with all that out of the way why don’t we get some rest,” Tony glanced out of the windows and saw that the sun was up but the shock and early start to his day had him exhausted even though it was only around noon.
Tony made sure to get updates on the super twins from Jarvis regularly to make sure that they hadn’t killed each other. Because of privacy protocols the was only allowed to view the status of anyone in the tower and if he wanted any more information, he would need permission. He had recently started working in the lab with both of their stats pulled up at the corner of his screen, if anything changed out of normal range then the box would turn red and flash.
Nothing sexual had happened since that first night, even when Tony washed and oiled his wings Bucky didn’t react like that first night. He did however follow Tony around like a little duckling, he was curious about everything. He loved being in the lab, while Tony worked, he played with Butterfingers and U.
Rogers kissed and sucked his way up and down Tony’s neck to end at his ear, he suckled at the lobe before letting go so he could whisper into his ear again.
It turns out being Tortured and used as HYDRA's asset for 70 years had its benefits, in the form of knowing almost all the HYDRA bases all over the world. Bucky cross referenced the locations he knew with what Steve had been able to find through cameras and money trails, this led him to a abandoned warehouse in New Jersey,
“Where.”
Steve was ushered off of the elevator and into Nat’s floor, then she was led to the huge walk-in closet that housed most if not all of Natasha’s spy clothes. She had every style and look imaginable.
“anyway, let's see what ol’ Williams will pay a fiver for, it must be good.” Steve tried to grab it out of Bucky’s hands but Bucky twirled around so Steve couldn’t get it. “Say, is it anything like that one he had ya do with the dog and the two dames?” Bucky taunted Steve further as Steve jumped and huffed trying to crawl up Bucky to take the paper out of his hands where he had it held above his head, way out of Steve’s reach.
“I don’t think it's dangerous, to me at least. The serum might be helping, everyone else should be careful.”
“It looks like you have some damaged feathers that need to be pulled do you think that you can do it or would you rather have Steve or I help you?” Tony looked over at Steve and caught his eye before returned his gaze to the plates that were crushing Bucky’s feathers. Steve looked like he was going to be sick.
Steve groaned as well, the suits were a pain and half the time they didn’t end up needing them or the substance was powerful enough to go right through them. Nonetheless, Steve got out of his seat and grabbed the hazmat suits from a compartment near the back of the jet. He passed them out to Clint, Nat, and Bruce as well as himself. Tony had the suit which filtered the air and Thor was alien so he was pretty much indestructible. Steve was pretty tough too but he didn’t want to take any chances. he had to lead his team and he couldn’t do that if he was compromised, so annoying suit it was.
“Steve, Steve. Look at me, you are ok, you passed out because of the serum and the magic and stuff. The only way to get you back was to change you.” Tony’s eyes flicked over Steve’s face as he told him what had happened. Steve’s eyes watered and then there were big fat tears streaming down his face. Tony pulled Steve into his arms and let him cry into his shirt. Bucky wrapped his hands around the two of them and Steve let out little hiccup sounds.
"What the
Tony knows that he isn’t going to last long, between the blowjob and the 200lbs of horny Super Soldier rubbing against him he is surprised that he hasn’t gone off yet. Tony shifts his hand in the gauntlet and is able to enable the release. Steve doesn’t even notice, too busy bouncing himself on Tony’s cock intermittently with circling his hips on the downstroke, grinding his ass into the cradle of Tony’s hips. Tony quickly undoes the other arm and then his hands are running all over Steve.
“Sorry I didn’t quite catch that, once more.” Steve flushed more and then spoke again, slower and more deliberate this time.
“what do you want Loki.” Steve gritted out between wing beats.
“Can you tell Tony I want to see him, if he has time that is. I know how busy he can get.”
So now the boys all know and are (hopefully) on the same level. Please leave a comment below and tell me what you think.
He followed what he had done that first time with Steve, he massaged around his back first to relax him and gradually got closer to the gland, Bucky’s glands started to produce oil faster than Steve’s had and it began dripping down his back before Tony got to actually rubbing them. He collected the oil and worked from the base to the tip of the wings, making sure to get every feather equally covered. When he was finished with the backs he looked over the extended wings and they were more beautiful than he could imagine, with them all clean and oiled they almost shone in the dim lighting of the room.
'Warm.' was the first thought that came to his mind. He felt safe, protected, while encased in the warm, albeit dirty, feathers.
“You had a kid?!” Loki chuckled at the mortal.
It reminded him of when winter would come around and he would set up in bed for weeks at a time from the colds and other bugs he caught, the image of Bucky puttering around his room taking care of him and fetching him this or that brought a sad smile to his face.
“it's looking good kiddo, try increasing the pressure by 15%.” Peter nodded and increased the pressure, the shooter held so he took it off the stand and attached it to his wrist, aimed it at the beam on the ceiling and let it fly. The pressure was too much and the web fluid exploded all over the both of them. They looked at each other and laughed. Then, there was a sudden burst of thunder so strong that it shook the tower.
“Why does he find this so difficult?”
“Lets go have our talk, we can finish with his wings when he wakes up,” Steve nodded his head and followed Tony out of the room, softly closing the door with a quiet ‘snick’ of the latch clicking into place.
This time when the jet arrived for Bruce he got a another ‘update’ on Steve’s ‘condition’ but this time Tony was in the loop.
“Bucky. Calm down.”
After Steve explained what happened and his theory why, Bruce was livid.
“Mr. Williams said that the other artists wouldn’t do it and he has a couple a’ people who would pay plenty for this so I decided that I'd do it and then maybe we could do something fun, like see a movie or something,” Steve took the paper from Bucky's hands and gave him the bowl while he put the paper away. “I told ‘ya that you wouldn’t like it. Now, I know you feel bad or whatever but I'll get my stuff packed and I'll be out of your hair by tomorrow.” that was what shook Bucky out of his daze.
The arc reactor had glow-in-the-dark paint on it so it gave off a small hue of blue, Steve squirmed at the feeling of both men on her. Bucky held her thighs open while they stared for a second, entranced by the small slip of fabric between her thighs.
“Shh, no tony, no. it wasn’t your fault, it is mine. I should have stopped Rogers.” as Steve spoke his own name and comforted a crying Tony the words left a bitter taste in his mouth. “Erskine said that the Serum would cure me of everything, and it did, everything except one thing. Hydra used that. They exploited my weakness and I hurt you, I hurt the whole team. I will go talk to Fury immediately and turn in my shield. I-I thought that I could make it go away, Peggy, Shannon, I used them too. Just like I used you. I never wanted that side of me to take over again and now because of Hydra i hurt you.”
“Essentially yes, although theoretically once the chance at child has passed, he could turn back.”
“Sir asks if you are sure, he wants you to feel ok with this and not pressured in any way.”
Pepper gave her a long sleeve shirt that had a V-neck and was obviously fitted to a female’s body. Steve pulled it over her head and Natasha took her long hair out from the back to brush it while she looked at herself in the mirror.
“It appears that significant amounts of breast tissue were removed in order to place the reactor.” Jarvis said a few moments later and highlighted two scars that Tony had assumed were from the reactor like all the others but when she looked closer, she realized that they weren’t.
“Brother, what has happened.”
“What do you mean, Steve?”
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/strange-but-true-males-can-lactate/
“Yeah” Tony's brain was still catching up on what just happened.
Steve replied with a slow nod and followed Tony up to the penthouse where they curled up in bed together.
“Yes, Sir”
"Ok. Jarvis?" Ringing was projected through the labs speakers and Tony picked up right away.
"I'm going to go to my floor I'm feeling tired." Everyone turned towards him, Nat gave him that look like she could see right through him.
“where are you going in such a rush?” her tone was flat and didn’t divulge any of the anger she held for the man in front of her. Steve jumped when she spoke and whirled around wings pulled close and high, the look on his face was something she couldn’t name, her anger faded and turned to worry.
“It looks like they used Barbiturates to sedate you after missions and calm the soldier when he got out of hand, that way they could keep him from acting out against them, then when he had a mission, they would pump him full of Amphetamines and just about every other stimulant drug out there,” Bruce’s brow furrowed as he flipped through the pages. “The drugs would explain the previous inability to have an erection, now I know this is sensitive but can you tell me if while you were at HYDRA, did they ever touch you or used your body in a sexual way?” Bucky’s eyes were scrunched in confusion, trying to remember what happened to him. While he thought, Tony asked Bruce some questions about the various drugs that had been in his blood and what would happen now that he was off to them.
“Ok,” Tony was fidgeting and slightly shaking with pent up energy. “So, what you are saying is that if I had the serum in me, it would turn me into a girl?” Loki nodded and Tony continued. “But, because Steve already had a serum it can’t turn him, and now the only way to keep this thing from killing him is to turn him into a girl?” Loki nodded again.
First, He went into the closet and got some towels and laid them on his bed, then went and got some warm water and wash cloths. He didn't exactly know what to do, but figured that warm water couldn't hurt anything.
“who?” This time Steve’s face crumpled in a way that looked...Well, the soldier didn’t know, but it wasn’t a good look.
Suddenly there was a change between her legs. Tony had pulled her panties to the side; he caught her eyes and then dipped his head. She screamed as his talented tongue licked at her folds, and finally,
“My friends, I have come to Midguard seeking my Brother. Heimdal has told me that he had come to you in seek of refuge from my father in return for his aid in the mystic arts.” there is a flash of green and then Loki is standing to the side of the roof in his full armor.
“Steve, it’s different now. Its ok to love whoever you want. You are not sick because you like men and whoever told you than can rot in hell for all I care.” Steve took a long inhale of breath, the feeling of air ghosting over Tony’s neck, and then he pulled back so he could look Tony in the face. His eyes were red and there were trails of tears running down his face but there was a look of amazement in his sad blue eyes.
Bucky glances over and finds that Tony is almost done so he finishes up and then cleans up the supplies they used while Steve sinks back into the couch.
When Tony finally calmed down, he seemed to snap back into reality and began frantically checking Steve’s body for injuries, going as far as to pull at his shirt, almost ripping it in his haste. Steve caught his hands and untangled his fists from the material.
“No Jarvis, I have to talk to him face to face.” Jarvis didn’t reply, so Steve got into the elevator and pressed the button for the common floor.
“Good, they fit,” Steven nodded and put the Towel on the shoot. “The guest room is down the hall.”
“Both of you are such idiots, come on let's go see Tony, then we can look for your friend.”
That was of course when Tony walked out of the bedroom, his hair disheveled and a dusting of hickies visible from the low neckline of a borrowed shirt that's too big on his smaller body. He didn’t notice Steve in his still half-asleep shuffle to the coffee maker.
“I know that you are in pain, but I promise that it will feel so much better once we get rid of the damaged feathers. I'm not going to lie, when they are pulled it's going to hurt like a son of a bitch, Stevie here cried like a baby after he had to pull one that got damaged,”
“Good to see you are awake,” Tony had a icy outside but Steve could tell that he had been worried about him. Steve walked over to the glass and get a closer look at his clone.
“That is good for now, we will get you a basic wardrobe when we go shopping.”
try to go back to sleep and hope it will sort itself out, But there was just no way he was falling back asleep with this amount of pain.
“I'm going to try to take down Loki and hopefully that stops the toys.” Steve called to the others who just got there a little after him. Steve took off and made his way up to where Loki was cackling and throwing magic while he floated in front of a large billboard of jeans that made you butt look bigger.
“I see that you are awake now,” the HYDRA goons that walked in were followed by an older man in a lab coat, his face dripped with pleasure as he watched Tony on the table. He walked around the room to a refrigerator behind Tony and pulled a bottle out of it. Carefully, he measured out a syringe full of the liquid and flicked it to get the air pockets out.
. Steve drew himself in a much larger body, fucking Bucky.
“I have no desire for anything you puny mortals possess, I merely wish to have some fun, it does get rather boring ruling Asgard on my own.”
Bucky pulled at the shoulders of Steve’s
Steve couldn't wait for the team to go. He had taken all of 3 minutes to listen to Tony tell him about the camera in DC that had seen the Winter Soldier after a mission to eliminate a judge who was working against Hydra’s wishes and he flew low enough to be caught by the cellphone of a teenager who was videoing their friend skateboarding down a hill into a dumpster, before he threw on his suit and took off towards DC at top speed, which luckily for him was about 80 Mph and with the wind currents help he got there in about 1.5 hours.
“I don’t know…” Steve’s face crunched in thought he whined and was doing his best impression of a potted plant, which wasn't very good.
“Hey Steve, we are making cookies. Want to help?” Steve slowly entered the room, all the while keeping his eyes on the floor so he didn’t slip but, even with all his Super Soldier grace his foot slipped on a patch of oil that he didn’t see and he started to fall, in a split instant his arms braced for the fall but his wings ‘Thwapped’ out and kept him up right, the air current from his almost fall caused a little cloud of flour to kick up from the floor.
“Bucky? Would it be ok if I had my friend Tony wash them? He is the one that washes my wings and he knows more about it than I do. I can be here the entire time if you want.” Steve waited for Bucky’s answer, he would never do anything without his permission, he would never be like Hydra. Bucky hesitated before nodding his head, if Steve trusted him, then he could trust him.
Steve let out a long moan, his voice an octave lower and broken when he answered.“yes.” his voice made a shiver go down Tony’s spine.
“Hi Mr. Stark!” Peter’s voice reached him as he stepped off of the elevator, he patted DUM-E on the arm as he passed.
They were silent as the elevator ascended to Steve’s floor. They arrived and both excited, it seemed that they were at a standoff over who would break the silence first.
"I don't think so, Captain" the scientist sneered, suddenly a vial of glowing blue liquid was coming at him, with Steve distracted the Scientist bolted out of the back door and disappeared down the long corridor.
“Well, I need something that can break down that reinforced door, think you are up to the challenge?” Thor smiled back and clapped Steve on the shoulder.
“We need to talk.” the room was silent and Tony’s voice echoed in his own ears. Eventually Steve nodded and got up, he put the folded paper beneath his arm and walked to the elevator. He held the door for Tony and when Tony realized what was happening, he shot forward and slid into the small metal box with one Steve Rogers, who he had spent the better part of the week, fucking and getting fucked by his split halves.
When he returns Steve is on his back with his head in Tony’s lap as the genius pets his hair, at this point Bucky is surprised that Steve hasn’t started purring or some shit. He lifts Steve’s legs and sits down before laying them back across his lap and starts to give him a foot massage.
"What's presenting?" Steve asked the floor with the same small voice from before, it made Bruce smile a little at how such a strong man who was Captain America could look so small, he mentally scolded himself, this wasn't Captain America, this is a 25-year-old who was shoved into the present world.
“Ok.” Tony started to reach for Steve’s back when the Soldier started talking again.
“You are with child, Steven.”
Surprisingly, it didn’t take as long as they guessed it would, Steve had actually worn something like it right after the serum. while they tested his endurance the extra weight on his chest would set his breathing off every so often that they gave him something that helped until he got used to his new body, Steve now realizes that some of the scientists were making fun of him.
“No Steve, you really don’t. Bruce already knows and now I know, Thor is off in fairyland, Natasha could care less and Clint will probably try to ride on your back but we can deal with him later. We are your family Steve, you don’t have to hide. This doesn’t make you any less of a person, and that’s what you are Steve, a PERSON. You don’t have to be our big, strong, fearless leader all the time. you can take a break from Captain America and just be you.” Tony was holding Steve’s jaw in his hand, his thumb rubbing at his cheek. He kept eye contact trying his best to convey all the love and acceptance he could. Steve gave Tony a sad smile and pressed his lips to his for another kiss.
The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. The sweet smell of coffee drifted in from the room and Tony all but ran to the pot and filled his large ironman mug, he gulped it down in three swallows and refilled it two more times before he rested his hip against the marble counter and slowly sipped the pure black heaven in his cup.
“OH! ~” Steve could feel how wet she already was but the feeling of Bucky’s mouth licking and sucking at her breasts sent another wave of heat to pool between her legs. She was sure at this point she must be making the red of her panties darker with her liquid pleasure.
Everything goes white and when Tony comes back to himself Steve is draped over his chest, passed out with an arm slung protectively over Tony.
Tony grinned and leaned over to lick from Steve’s ass to his dick. Steve let out a single squeak of pleasure and Tony did it again. It was so much and not enough at the same time. Steve never felt so good before. It was embarrassingly fast, but after another few licks Steve shot off onto Tony's tongue. Tony kissed his stomach and pulled back. Steve just laid there for a little trying to get his blood back to his brain.
Steve came to on a bed in the medical floor, his head was throbbing and his body felt weird. His chest was heavy and his pants felt tight in the hips and baggy in the front.
“Come on, Buck! Give it back, you don’t wanna see it, ya won’t like it.” Steve was breathing heavy from trying to get the paper back from Bucky and he had that determined look on his face that usually got him bottoms up in a trash can with a black eye and broken nose.
“Ok team. Steve has something to say before we start so please be quiet and listen.” Tony was setting Steve up to tell the team about his wings. Steve felt his stomach flip, he calmed himself down and got up with Tony.
As if reading her mind Tony began rubbing Steve’s slit through her panties. She writhed and moaned under the attention of both men. Bucky took her other nipple in between his metal fingers and twisted, the cool metal contrasting with the boiling heat inside her, she arched her back off the bed and Bucky grinned. He moved his mouth up to suck and kiss her neck while his hands cupped and squeezed her breasts.
Steve's door was open when she got there so she walked into his apartment. She surveyed the area and didn’t see him so she went further into the rooms to the bedroom. She pushed the door open and saw Steve, he was rumpled and still half in his suit wings dragging on the floor as he fluttered around the room, there was a duffel bag on his bed and he was rummaging through his closet for clothes, obviously planning to leave.
Steven dropped his things and pushed the guest bedroom door open to find Rogers standing with his pants around his thighs. Rogers caught his eye and grinned his hand tightened in the short brown curls of Tony's hair where he was on his knees, his head bobbed and rogers groaned again and pulled Tony’s head down again. Steven made a high-pitched sound kind of like stepping on a cat and he could tell that Tony now knew that he was here.
“Sir, I hate to interrupt but there seems to be a riot in the lobby.” Jarvis’ British tone was tinged with worry.
When he arrived at Loki’s floor the door was open so he hesitantly walked inside. The room was like all the others, furniture and set up generally the same. There weren’t many changes to the floor that he could see, other than the overflowing bookshelf and some very soft looking  fur blankets on the couch.
“Whatever you are thinkin’ is going to happen it isn’t. You were always the smart one out of the two of us but I always had to pull you out of that head of yours,” he ruffles Steve’s hair again. “Now, I know that you aren’t going to tell me anything, just sit there and let it stew in your mind until it boils over like one of Becca's attempts at dinner,” that got a small chuckle out of the both of them, remembering how bad Bucky’s sister was at cooking. "but I'll be there when it happens, always. No matter how bad it is, I'm with ya ‘till the end of the line. That won't ever change.”
“I wanna see you, wanna kiss you.” Bucky leaned over from where he was standing and captured Steve’s mouth in a filthy kiss before he pulled away and grabbed the pot of Vaseline and handed it to Steve before he laid out on the cot and opened his legs for Steve to fit between. Steve crawled his way between Buck’s legs and kissed him before he worked his way slowly down the others body, worshiping him and kissing every part he could reach. Bucky had one hand tangled in Steve’s hair and the other in the scratchy blanket under him as Steve licked and sucked his way down Bucky’s body.
“S-Steve, this isn’t you. It's just that slime. You don’t want this. Come on big guy, let me up we need to get you back to the jet-”
The drawing was of a brunet man being fucked by a large, muscular blonde man. The way Steve had drawn them it was more than the normal ones of his, (not including the fact that the normal ones usually only had one man and a woman) the detail of their bodies and the way their skin seemed to glint with sweat. The Brunet was on all fours and had his head thrown back and twisted to allow the blond to kiss the side of his mouth as he pushed into the brunet. They were on a mattress and surrounded by blankets that were bunched up and pushed to the edges of the paper.
"Umm, this feels really... wrong?" Steve's voice was barely audible as Bruce inspects his wings closer. Steve's head was to the floor, but Bruce could see the horror and embarrassment on his face.
The sound of pounding feet on the specially made treadmill that Tony outfitted so it wouldn’t break after a few hundred miles filled his ears as he ran and had been running for some time he was just running for fun, so it was slower than he normally could go, but he was pretty sure he had run about a marathon or two by the time he stepped off and made his way to the showers to wash up and then grab a snack before he went back to his floor and in his room (and no, he wasn’t being a coward, he was making a strategic retreat from the whole ‘Rogers’ situation).
“Hey Bruce, Did a package come for me?”
“Jarvis give me visual.” Jarvis brought up some security footage and some cell phone footage, It was Loki. Great. “Wasn't Reindeer Games supposed to be imprisoned on Asgard?” No one answered him directly, but Clint could be heard yelling ‘oh hell no, I'm not dealing with that fucker now’ and Natasha radioing SHIELD to call Thor in. From what Tony could see Loki was in Times square where he was terrorizing people with giant stuffed animals. They both flew down and took down a giant teddy from attacking a group of pedestrians with cameras that were taking pictures of him and Cap.
"Jarvis give me footage from last 3 hours on Steve's floor."
"Can I touch? It may be tender." Steve nodded and turned his head back around. He hissed when the doctor's cool fingers first prodded his tender shoulder blades. "Sorry." Bruce muttered and continued his prodding at various places on the soldiers back, sometimes getting pained noises out of him and in some places not. "I want to get a scan of the underlying tissues. Can you get up on the table?" Steve sat on the table and remained still as Bruce placed contraptions around his body and then remained still as he took the scan. As he was going over the scan and comparing it to others taken of him in his bi-monthly check ups with the doctor, Tony walked in.
“Congratulations my friends! I have seen many a warrior bond with each other, I hope you continue to open yourselves to the bond and find happiness in each other!” All of them stood in confusion but Tony was the first to break out of it. He turned and pointed to Peter.
"What can I do for you Steve?" Bruce's voice pulled him out of his head and back to the problem at hand.
lets do this people!
“But,” Tony continued, “After I fixed the feathers on your other wing it felt better, didn’t it? So, imagine how much better it will feel once we get those ones fixed too.” Bucky looked into Tony’s eyes, he could see how scared he was. Tony turned to Steve and asked him to go and get him some scissors so he could get the feathers unattached from the plates first and then he could work out how to pull them in the least painful way. Steve returned with scissors and Tony got to work, the cutting was the easy part though, because now that he had the feathers untangled from the arm the damaged feathers needed to be pulled. “Do you want me or Steve to pull them?” he asked, wishing that Bucky didn’t choose him
The first pair was plain black lace with a small white bow on the front.
“Ugh.” Tony smartly exclaimed but had the brain cells left to reach up and cup her breasts. Steve raised herself again and sat back, starting a rhythm and fucking herself on Tony’s cock.
“Steve… FUCK! Goddamn it, the 40’s. Why didn’t I think of it before?” Tony ran his fingers through his hair and paced back and forth a little bit while Steve looked on in confusion at the genius’ sudden outburst and then mumbling as he worked out what to say.
“Wha-” Tony held up a single finger, cutting Steve off in the middle of his word.
“Very well, if that is all I will be back to my rooms.” Loki popped out of the room before anyone could say anything and with that everyone sat silently for a little while before leaving to their own floors to get some rest.
“There is a back entrance and a stairway on the roof that only has a padlock. Scans say that there aren’t any high-tech security measures inside but the source of the gas is in the 3rd sub basement.”
“O-oh, Uuh, Tony. Yes, Yes. Feels so good.” Tony moves his hand upward and Steve begins to pick up speed again. Tony grabs at Steve’s ass again and Steve clenches down around him, a gasp of breath is pushed out of Tony and he pinches the pink bud between his fingers as punishment. He lets go and allows his fingers to map the golden planes of skin before him before he reaches his destination.
“Ah, yes. It would appear, Stark that I have taken your precious ‘science bros'’ affection and turned it towards me, the first step of my biggest scheme yet,” Loki disappeared and then appeared not three inches from Steve. He grabbed her and dipped her before placing a chaste kiss on her lips, he glanced up at Tony and Bucky, then strode away, but not before licking his lips and grinning at the way the both of them were seething with rage. “I plan to seduce all of your lovers,” he disappeared again and this time reappeared behind Bucky.
Steve begins to pull away and Tony thinks that it is over, the fuck drug or whatever is in that slime has run its course, oh how wrong he is. Steve slides himself down Tony’s body, clumsy fingers fumble with Tony’s pants and before he ever realizes it Steve has Tony’s dick out of his pants. Standing fully erect, it bobs a few times and then Steve leans in and gives it a long, slow lick from base to tip. Steve circles his tongue around the sensitive glands, his eyes catching Tony’s and then he takes Tony down his throat in one go. Tony nearly screams from the sudden pleasure shooting up his spine.
Rogers squeezed his hand and Steven whimpered. He pushed his ass back into Rogers. “That's more like it,” he groped Steven’s ass and sucked a mark into Steven’s neck, “should put you in a little dress, and a pink frilly apron.” Steven groaned at the idea, being in dress and lady’s underthings.
Rogers looked at him for a little while after Tony finished undressing, eyes tracing the lines of his body, small but strong, thin wires of corded muscle wrapped around Tony’s body, his tan skin like planes of gold over his compact form.
“So ya aren’t gonna kick me out?”
“I’m sorry, I cannot believe the grief you must have felt. I just found out that I am pregnant,” Steve moved a hand to lay over his stomach protectively, “and I already feel as if it would kill me if anything happened to them.” Loki laid his palm over Steve’s on his stomach, Steve felt the warm tingle of Loki’s magic and saw the green swirls float between their fingers.
“Do it.”
Steve massaged his temples before calling out to Jarvis in an exasperated tone.
There was the sound of a zipper and the rustle of clothes behind him then the man pushed into him all at once. Tony cried out at the feeling, he could feel himself begin to respond as the man pushed into him over and over again, he could see the others start palming themselves through their pants as they waited their turn with him. The man didn’t last long, thrusting in one last brutal time and Tony felt the hot cum in him as the man pulled out. He whimpered at the loss of sensation but, once the first left, another took his place. He was thicker that the first and lasted a lot longer, Tony actually came on the guys dick after it hit his prostate, there was a buzz that went around the room after he came. The second finished in him and another took his place. Tony lost count of how many after about 7 guys had him and he passed out again.
“I'll give you some privacy, if you need anything you know how to reach me.” with that Bruce gathered all his stuff and exited the room, making sure to close the door behind him.
“Thor, this is Bucky,” Tony opened his suit and it flew back to the lab as he made his way over to the two super soldiers and stood between them. Thor’s face split after a few seconds of nothing and he rumbled out a loud laugh and clapped Steve on the shoulder.
“Well, what are you waiting for,” Clint jumped up and grabbed Steve’s wrist and started to pull him toward the elevator. “Let’s go try!” Steve shot a pleading look at Tony but just got a chuckle in return.
“He knows that now, I hope. Back then, it was horrible for Steve. There- God, it makes me see red just thinkin’ about the son of a bitch, one of the doctors that he saw said that he wouldn’t live past his 17th birthday, and even if he did he would just “spread his bad genes” the guy said that he would just give Steve somethin’ and he would pass.” Bucky had to stop for a second.
When Tony made it out to the room, he saw Steve lounging on the couch while reading a book and Bucky in the kitchen trying to make it look like he was doing something and not just staring at Steve, his wings were up and fanning the air lightly as he stood behind the counter. Steve turned around and realized why Bucky was acting so weird.
i used google translate so these are probably wrong but here they are
(See the end of the chapter for
The first thing Steve noticed was the bodies, there was about 10 people all in various states of disarray in a pile by one of the vats that held a slime like substance that must be what is making all the fog.
Pepper pushed ahead into the closet and began rummaging around and gathering a rather large pile of clothes before Nat stepped in Steve’s view and began reaching for her shirt again like she had on the elevator. Steve squeaked and grabbed the hem of the shirt to keep it down. Natasha glared at her and then huffed out a sigh that sent a strand of her loose red hair flying.
At first it was little things like the verbal abuse and name calling to pulling his feet up on the coffee table when Steven told him not to then, it escalated, rather quickly, Steven came into the kitchen from his room for a snack, while preparing his sandwich he didn’t realize that Rogers had entered the room. Taking the opportunity Rogers came up behind Steven and pinned him against the island.
“Medical,” was all Steve said as he walked past Tony and directly to the elevators where they rode down to the medical floor together in silence.
Tony touched the rag to the top of his wing and pulled it down over the feathers there, Steve’s wings ‘Thwapped’ out fully and almost pulled the rag out of Tony’s hand. Steve flushed and Tony could see as his ears got red. Tony smirked and got to work.
“Hey! lovebirds, lunch is ready!” Someone (Clint) called from below. Steve held on to his waist and Tony clasped his arms around his neck as Steve tipped off the beam into a free fall before opening his wings and gliding down. When they reached the ground, Steve kissed Tony again groping his ass and then started towards the door.
“Sir is currently in the common room kitchen cooking with Mr. Barnes, would you like me to give him a message?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah, hello Captain,” Loki greeted once he made his way up to him, dogging the huge stuffed animals that tried to knock him out of the air. “I see you have changed quite a bit since I last was on Midguard.” the grin on Loki’s face gave him a bad feeling in his gut.
Tony sat back on his haunches and grinned at Steve, wetness glistened around his mouth still and Steve began to come back to herself. She first noticed the warm ghost on her thighs from Tony’s facial hair, then she noticed that Bucky was sitting back from her as well, his eyes blown huge and on his face was a look of pure hunger.
“We don’t have to talk about it yet. Bucky did clarify some things after you fell asleep so I know some of the reason why you might feel this way, but if you want to not talk about it now or even if you just want to talk with Bucky and not me I understand.” Steve looked up finally at Tony and made eye contact for the first time.
“Loki is going to use his magic to help Tony, in return he needs a place to stay because he has been banished from Asgard.”
Steve was taking everything so hard especially since he found out about Bucky, he blamed himself for everything and wouldn’t hear otherwise. He was spending a lot of time in the gym ether perched as high up as he could get, hiding from everything, or beating the crap out of some poor defenseless punching bags.
The silence stretched on, Steve couldn’t take it anymore and he darted out of the room and down to the Gym where he flew and perched himself on the highest ledge he could find.
“How do you want to tell them?” Tony asked looking up into Steve’s uncertain eyes “you can’t exactly just walk into the common room without a shirt on.”
“Your name is James Buchanan Barnes, but I call you Bucky. Is it ok if I call you that?” the soldier mouthed the words to himself, James. He had a name, weapons didn't have names. that meant that he was person, just like Steve was a person.
"Ugh, what am I going to do?" He backed up and slid down the wall to sit on the floor. That, was a bad choice. Pain shot through his body, his muscles pulled taut with the effort it took not to scream.
“What you thinkin’ about Stevie that's got you all hot and bothered?” Steve’s whole body tensed. Bucky rubbed at his shoulders because Steve was lying on his side facing away from them, staring intently at the wall. Tony draped himself over Bucky’s abdomen and ran his fingers through the long flight feathers on Steve’s accessible wing, a shiver ran down his spine and goose bumps prickled all over his body. He let out a low sound and Tony got out of the bed to walk around so he could see Steve’s face. Bucky watched as Tony’s expression fell and he knelled by the side of the bed. He petted Steve, his hands slowly carding through his hair and over his cheeks. Bucky pulled Steve flush with his chest mainly so he could hold Steve like he used to but also so Tony could get in the bed again and hold Steve from the front while he talked to him, as much as Bucky liked the idea of Tony on his knees that would have to wait for later.
Then Steve lost Bucky.
“It appears that there are Hydra agents with shrink rays attacking in Central Park.” The cool British tone answered.
“What do you want.”
Loki sat next to Thor on one side and with the Captain on his other, the winged man seemed to not even notice him because he was so enthralled in his lovers. Loki could see the feeling that the three shared for each other in their eyes if not in the magical energy surrounding them. A bond, a true bond like that was forever, all encompassing and one of the most powerful things in the universe. Loki had longed for a bond like theirs since the great empires ruled their small world.
Steve woke up, not in the car where she had fallen asleep, but in the bed she shared with the two loves of her life, both of which were curled around her in sleep. She looked down and noticed that she was still in the clothes from yesterday, the bra digging into her ribs but the softness of the shirt felt nice against the smooth planes of her stomach. It was nice to be able to lay on her back without her wings getting in the way.
When he turns around in the mirror he is speechless, his mind comes to a screeching halt. His back was... moving? At first, he thought it was his muscles flexing with the effort to twist himself to see his back but this was so different from muscles. He turns back around to calm himself.
“Now, how about we go get a few minutes of sleep, because I don’t know about you, but I haven’t slept the best without you there beside me.” Steve nodded and moved toward the bedroom that Tony had kept away from all week, as he took off his shirt to crawl into the large California King beside Tony he called out to J.A.R.V.I.S.
“See, it's so much better when you accept what you want. remember how we could barely walk for a week after Jack.” Steven groans at Rogers’ words and tries to bury his face in the pillows, but Tony pushes in and his whole-body crests with the pleasure that he feels.
“Looks like an Asgardian. We're not sure if they are hostile, but from the sound of that Thunder it is likely our old friend Thor dropping in for a visit.” Peter had the mask on so Tony couldn’t see his expression, but from the way Peter went from shaking to standing still as a statue (and the secret Thor fan blog he runs that Tony found, along with the fact that the kid had never been able to meet the god of Thunder) Tony could tell that he was this close to wetting himself in glee.
“Sand·wich, noun, an item of food consisting of two pieces of bread with meat, cheese, or other filling between them, eaten as a light meal.”
"Do you know what caused it?" Tony asked.
Steve is sitting on the cot when Bucky comes storming in after he predictably ran away from the medical tent he was forced to when they arrived.
wow... uh. not really where that came from but there it is. this chapter just kind of wrote itself. Steve's speech imbodys my feelings on some of the things happening in the U.S right now. i wasn't sure whether to add in something about trump or not but i decided not to for this chapter maybe in a later one. please comment below and tell me what you think, and as usual thanks for reading!
“Ungh!” Steven let out between heaving breaths as his body tried to accommodate the large presence in his ass, it felt like Rogers was rearranging his insides. Rogers leaned over Steven and licked up the side of his neck to his ear where he bit at the lobe and then pulled out and slammed home again, Steven screamed with every thrust. He was so was extremely sensitive from his first orgasm, but his cock filled again as Rogers continued to thrust into him over, and over again. His orgasm crashed over him and he came with a shout as his come splattered over the side of the island he was bent over, Rogers continued his pounding into Steven until he came a little while later and Steven felt the heat of cum fill his hole. Rogers pulled out and Steven crumpled to the floor.
“I liked it,” Steve’s neck and ears went pink and Bucky knew that tone, that was the tone Steve used when he liked something that he thinks he can’t or shouldn’t. The same tone he had used when Bucky had caught him outside the queer bar getting beat up by some fucker that was calling him a fairy. “Ok? there, I said it. Can I leave now?”
“Don’t worry one bit, since this guy gets his wings dirty so much," Tony jerked his thumb at Steve, who had a indigent look on his face, "I've become something of an expert at grooming them.” he took the cloth that Steve had prepared already and tested the water, it had cooled a bit so he decided to get some fresh water, he told Bucky as much and went to retrieve the water. When he returned Steve was sitting on the bed next to Bucky, Tony walked over and held the water out for him to test.
“Buck...” Steve trailed off. “You didn’t have to get me nothin’”
“I am personally more interested in how you managed to acquire those,” Loki pointed to where his wings were keeping him in the air. “from what I am aware, Midgardians do not have such appendages except you and one other, just like you captain, is it a- how does that saying go again? OH yes. A forties thing?”
"Wow." he stated dumbfounded.
“No.”
“Ok, doll.” he sat up giving her to Tony while he stripped out of his clothes, when he finished, he took Steve back and Tony shed his clothes just as fast. He crawled back onto the bed and pulled her pants off.
It’s a true Bostonian wedding, and Tony doesn’t even want to know how much it cost. Luckily, Natasha is practically rolling in cash thanks to her job at what was originally a little start-up company that took off like a skyrocket last spring. Tony has a feeling she saw that coming, and got in on the ground floor to lock down a future six-figure salary. She’s almost certainly psychic.
“That’s a lovely image,” Tony snorts. “Well, even if he is, there’s no sign that he’s interested. We’ve only talked about things other than the wedding, like, twice. So it’s not as if I’m interested either. But please don’t set me up with anyone.”
The water turns off after about five minutes, and Steve steps out of the bathroom, dripping a little but in the clothes he was wearing earlier. “Everything okay?” Tony asks, momentarily turning his attention from the pizza cupcake one baker is attempting to make.
Tony and Sharon exchange smirks. “Don’t be afraid of Tash,” he says to Steve. “She bought me a stuffed animal for my eighteenth birthday instead of a pack of cigarettes, which is what I asked for.”
In the car, Tony lets Steve pick the music, and then immediately regrets it when he turns on the eighties’ station. “You have dismal taste, Steve. I really want you to know how hard I’m restraining myself from changing the channel right now.”
He really loves his friends. They’re
“I do have steady income,” Steve denies. “It’s just a habit now. I was a pretty poor kid, I had a single mom.” He moves the join Tony on the bed, then seems to think better of it and settles down into the loveseat against the opposite wall. Tony wouldn’t have minded if he sat down with him, but he’s currently kind of starfished across the bed and Steve actually might not have fit with the ridiculously long legs of his.
“You bet.”
“I want you so much, Tony,” he replies, voice wrecked with emotion. Tony knows he did that to him, and it’s one of the proudest moments of his life. “I’ve been gone since you teased me about my showering habits.”
In his heart, deep in his chest, there’s a pang that hurts him viscerally. And Tony knows what it means.
“No,” Steve frowns. “I guess I just take fast showers. The water bill adds up quickly.”
“Well, as much as I love making things all about me, you missed out on planning stuff with Sharon, too. She wanted you here ages ago, but you were always so swamped with work. At least doing the bachelorette party today worked out, I guess, cause getting all this together alone would have been so not fun.”
“My cousin,” Sharon laughs. “I haven’t seen him in a year, probably, but we talk as often as we can. He still lives down in Brooklyn, hating hipsters a little more every time a new one moves into his building. He’s like a miserable old man.”
Peggy isn’t staying in a hotel, but rather at Sharon’s place, so they all head over there and end up camping out for the night, watching some British soap opera and chowing down while Peggy spills all sorts of gossip about family members in town for the wedding, like whose marriage is on the rocks and who’s pregnant but hiding it. She also inquires about how Steve is doing, but Sharon just shrugs and turns to Tony.
First, Sharon makes a speech thanking everyone for coming, with a few funny anecdotes thrown in about how hard it was to plan all of this, with everyone scattered across the globe. She speaks about how happy she is to share this weekend with all of them, and Tony catches Natasha looking up at her with shining eyes, like she’s staring right into the sun. It’s an expression of pure adoration and love, one he’s noticed on her face often when she’s around Sharon.
, even the little fish in tanks of a thousand of them that aren’t even that cool, and he even stops to read the placards that talk about the species of fish and its origins. Tony itches to move faster, so whenever Steve pauses for what he personally considers to be a little too long, Tony grabs his hand and pulls him along to the next exhibit. They stay at the penguins for a while, though, and that he doesn’t mind so much because they’re cute and kind of dumb. One falls over on its face when it waddles a little too fast, and Steve chuckles when Tony point it out, giggling hysterically.
“Not all of us are lucky enough to make a living off our passions. Good for you, though. Look, can we just drop it?”
“I don’t make moves on straight guys, Tash. Lesson learned with Rhodey on that one. My persona is just naturally coy.”
Steve’s smile is tight, and he shrugs. “I guess I don’t know yet.”
“No!” Tony gasps. “You have to, I live vicariously through you, remember?”
“It’s really sad that you consider a family gathering, of which you had to organize a significant part, a vacation,” Tony reminds him. “But I digress.”
Steve is bent over the railing, looking pensieve, when Tony pushes the door open and for a moment, the sounds of the party leak out into the peaceful night air. “Just me,” he says, when Steve glances over his shoulder, before shutting it again and coming to stand next to him. “Thanks for the shout out in your speech.”
“What do you mean?” he frowns.
Catching up with Jan and Hank in the buffet line, Tony jumps into their conversation and ends up sticking with them for a while, once he finds out that Hank is a sort of scientist himself. Any opportunity that presents itself to talk about his projects with someone who’ll understand, Tony takes, even scribbling out visuals for Hank as he describes his current work with alloys. He kind of knew he would be mostly hanging around with people he knows at this reception, given that a lot of the other guests in attendance are Sharon’s extended family, and he’s not always great with new people. The Stark charm gene skipped over him, he thinks.
Tash nods. “Yeah, and out. He dated this guy Rumlow last summer that Sharon absolutely despised. She only met him once and was ready to saw his fingertips off.”
Eventually, the guests start showing up as the shuttles arrive and the rest of the bridesmaids make their way into Natasha’s suite as the finishing touches are being put on. Her hair is left down, but the front pieces are twisted into an intricate braid, meeting in the back of her head and giving off the image of a crown. She opted against a veil, but there are little white flowers tucked under the braid, a stark contrast to the flaming shade of her hair.
When Tony heads to fetch Peggy from the airport, lunch ready in the car because she’s flying in from London economy class and there’s no way that’s an enjoyable experience of any kind, Sharon and Tash tag along despite still having a hundred things to organize before Friday. A lot of hugs go around when they meet her at baggage claim, and even Tony is squished tightly into her open arms.
Now there’s no way Steve isn’t paying attention, because he coughs a little as he shovels a piece of bacon into his mouth. His eyes dart towards Tony, sharing an unspoken secret. “That’s for me to know, and you to never find out.”
“God, Tony, don’t tell me you blew up our childhood photos and posted them around the room,” Natasha jokes. “I would literally kill you for that.”
Tony turns to Steve, but Steve doesn’t notice.
They’re also holding hands, which Tony takes the most pleasure in. Natasha’s eyebrows shoot up when she sees it, clearly not ever thinking that Tony would actually take her advice and come out the other side successful. He casually takes his place at the table next to her, while Steve slips in directly opposite from him, enclosed by family members on both sides. Now would be a really bad time to play footsie, but Tony still feels the urge.
“Steve,” Tony says sternly, already being shushed by his boyfriend. “No, stop. What? You can’t move here just for me. Brooklyn is your home, your life is there, your job is there.”
“That’s so cheesy!” Tony laughs. “You’re going to be one of
Hands immediately flying up to bury themselves in Steve’s hair, Tony pushes as close to him as he can, wanting to feel his entire body against his own. Steve’s free hand drops to his neck, encircling the back of it and angling it up just a bit more as his tongue dips into Tony’s mouth. Tony’s can’t breathe, can’t think, he feels completely surrounded and all-encompassed by Steve, Steve,
“What? Oh! No, that’s fine, I’ll just have a regular orange juice, then,” Peggy says, upon getting a sharp look from Sharon.
“So- okay, I got disowned while I was in college, right? This isn’t the story, I just have to mention that because otherwise it doesn’t make sense. Luckily, MIT practically threw scholarship money at me so that I could stay, but I had to find a super cheap apartment, fast. Tash taught me how to use Craigslist, and I ended up at this place with four other guys who were definitely ex-convicts, which is, like, fine, but one of them sleepwalked into my bedroom sometimes, and whenever he did, he would steal something. I would wake up, and he’d be grabbing my watch off my dresser. He sleep-stole.”
It’s the nicest thing she’s ever said to him. He has to sniff hard to keep tears from falling, but his eyes water uncontrollably. “Yeah, okay.”
Natasha drags him out on the dance floor at some point, and he sweats through a rendition of “Single Ladies” with her, even though she isn’t single and he isn’t a lady. He does, admittedly, know all the choreography, so it would have been hard to get out of, anyways. At least, that’s what he tells himself when he’s grinning at her and his heart feels so full of happiness for her and her future that it might explode, to avoid doing something embarrassing like crying tears of joy in the middle of a party.
Silently, Tony and Steve share the room and focus on their respective projects. It should be uncomfortable, working with someone else by your back, but it’s actually kind of nice. When Tony is home, he’s usually alone, so it’s a good change. Tash has renamed his apartment his “accident waiting to happen”, and mostly refuses to come over unless he really begs.
When they go dress shopping for the first time, Tony cries. He keeps Sharon’s mom Peggy on Facetime so she can see it happen from all the way in England, and she doesn’t even cry at the image of her future daughter-in-law in a wedding gown, but Tony does. Tash knows exactly the style she wants, and she falls in love with the very first one she tries on, which is practical and so Natasha of her. It’s beautiful, though, and Tony doesn’t even care when the boutique lady has to bring him a box of tissues.
He hands over a lidded paper cup with the hotel’s logo on it, and Tony knows exactly what the inside contents are. “You got me a coffee? I must be really predictable.” It’s an incredibly sweet gesture, but Tony doesn’t say that, because the words get caught in his throat when he tries to make them sound teasing.
“For those of you who don’t know me, I’m Tony. I’ve been best friends with Natasha since we were eighteen years old, which I guess is only seven years ago, but feels more like my whole life. I knew I wanted to be friends with her the moment we met, in college, when she hacked into my computer and copied all my lecture notes so she wouldn’t have to hand write anything,” he begins, and the crowd chuckles just as he figured they would. “We bonded over our music taste, our love for caffeinated beverages, and Stuart, the human form of the word nuisance, who was in our computer science class and never brought a pencil, never asked a smart question, but always made sure to flirt with her on the way out. Friendship, platonic love, happens like that-- something small brings you together, and slowly you notice that you fit well in other aspects, and then before you know it, you’re the bro of honor at her wedding.
“I don’t know where you got this impression that I’m some kind of flaky, unreliable miscreant, but it’s frankly offensive,” Tony gapes. “I said I’d help, so I will.”
“Well, I don’t know about that. But Jarvis and Ana were,” Tony smiles. He didn’t prepare to give his sob story today, and also he doesn’t want to put a damper on the wedding celebration, so he moves into a more comfortable area. “My- I guess you could say nanny- and his wife. When I got in to MIT, Ana made me this red velvet cake that I still get sick thinking about, because it was so good I ate the whole thing.”
“Hmm, sure. I can think of something. Do not expect me to arrive before ten, though. I’m serious. Don’t call me at what you consider late morning, a.k.a. sunrise, and ask where I am,” Tony instructs.
“Oh my god, did you guys paint us something?” Sharon gaps. “Steve, if you did that, I’m going to cry so much and it’ll be your fault.”
“God, Tony. Was that what that noise was? How is your phone not destroyed?”
It’s like babysitting a kid in a candy store. Steve wants to see
“Thank you for taking me here today, Tony,” Steve says as they meander around the gift shop on their way out. Tony may or may not be buying a penguin keychain.
“If we had the time to do that, I would say go crazy,” Tony had told him, riding on the front of the shopping cart while Steve pushes it around the store. “But you’re the one who only flew in today.”
Tomorrow is about Sharon and Natasha. He can put his self-pity aside for one day, and instead focus all his efforts on making sure everyone goes off without a hitch. That’s his job, after all, as bro of honor.
“It’s inhuman of you to be cheery this early,” Tony grumbles.
“You’re not allowed to fall asleep either, by the way. I’ll get jealous and then I will, too,” Tony tells him, voice raised over the music. He vaguely hears Steve’s tinkling laugh, and darts his eyes over to smile at him.
The moment is quickly forgotten as Tony jumps in at the first opportunity to poke fun at Tash when the proposal story is brought up. “I helped this woman study for the final exams that determined if she was going to get a degree or not, but right before the proposal was still the most nervous I’ve ever seen her. Her hands were actually shaking, which I didn’t think she was physically capable of.”
“Right! Hi, Tony. I think no on the strippers. Sharon said she wanted something low-key.”
Steve flushes. “No.”
and then leans forward and kisses him. It’s a bit off-center, with Tony being so much shorter than Steve, and he was in the middle of talking so his mouth is kind of still open, but then Steve is inhaling sharply and winding an arm around Tony’s waist to adjust his position and their mouths are slotting together and it’s perfect.
“Well, no, but maybe it could grow in to that. You’re making assumptions based on two days together,” she reminds him. Tony hates that all his friends are so level-headed and reasonable. It’s a good thing he has Jan to go to when he needs a healthy dose of drama and empathy. Maybe he should’ve grabbed her from the table instead.
It’s shitty to ignore him just because Tony’s wallowing in his feelings, but he honestly can’t think of anything to say, so it goes unanswered. Besides, they both have to be at the vineyard bright and early to help the ladies get ready and make sure everything is being organized just how they want it, and Tony already agreed to drive Steve there, so they can just talk then.
“I like you fine, Tony,” Steve says. “Let’s just talk about something else.”
“I have to go get dressed. We’re leaving in twenty minutes,” Tony calls behind him, hurrying into his bedroom where he already has his suit laid out and ready for wear. Most of the time he alotted himself for getting ready is devoted to doing his hair, in an attempt to make it look as un-bedraggled as possible and, for once, not like he just rolled out of bed after a really wild sleep.
Tony took off work to be as available as possible for any duties Natasha may decide to thrust upon him last-minute, and he ends up being put in charge of the welcome wagon, picking people up from the airport and shuttling them off to the hotel. On Saturday morning, rented buses will take all the guests to the actual wedding venue for the ceremony and reception, but the rehearsal dinner and other dozens of events, which all seem unnecessary to Tony, will be held in the city at various locations.
Tony is dead on his feet by the end of the whole ordeal, but he’s glad Steve is having fun. The last thing he forces Tony to go to is a dolphin show, where the trainers make them do tricks for the audience. It’s actually pretty cool, but Tony does a quick Google search on how the animals here are treated just to make sure they deserve his cheering before he does it. Everything checks out.
“You get ready for things two hours before you have to be there? That seems really excessive. Don’t you want to spend more time with me, Steven?”
“I have to work on our surprise, which may I remind you that you have to contribute to,” Steve says, giving him a stern look.
“Sorry,” Steve replies the second Tony’s done talking. “I don’t think that about you. I’m just tired, you know, and I guess our many colorful conversations have my heckles risen.”
“Literally who cares,” Tony says. “Everyone’s too busy having their own fun to pay attention to you. So come dance with me, okay? Do you know the wobble? Whatever, you’ll catch on.”
“Just come here,” she snaps, patting the chair set out next to her. “Take my mind off all this. Tell me why you and Carol left the rehearsal dinner.”
“You would say that, you love your job so much that sometimes you literally don’t come home for days at a time.”
“Yeah, why wouldn’t it be?” Steve wonders, pulling a sweatshirt out of his suitcase.
“Shh, I love this song,” Steve deadpans, leaning over to turn up the radio without realizing that it’s currently playing an advertisement for a fertility center, which makes Tony collapse into giggles and get ready to make another wisecrack. “Just- stop. Just watch the road.”
Tony is struck, suddenly, by the image of Natasha looking at Sharon; the one he wanted for himself so badly. Steve is looking at him like that, now.
As people start to arrive, Tony moves into hosting duty, welcoming them and giving them the lay of the land. When Maria and Carol show up, he introduces them to Steve, and of course they get along swimmingly. He doesn’t know everyone, though, in particular Sharon’s work friends, who are just on the wrong side of scary and don’t really say anything at all when Tony comes up to say hi. In fact, they sort of stare him down menacingly until Steve comes up behind Tony and rescues him, shaking hands with all of them and herding them over to the snack table.
“No, it’s okay,” Tony smiles tightly. “You should get it, if you want it. Don’t worry about me.”
The eyes of a hundred guests are on them, but Tony doesn’t feel nervous or anxious under their gaze. He has Steve next to him, keeping with his pace by shortening his normal strides in half, and his comforting presence is like a safety blanket.
Once everything reverts to normal, the band back to playing upbeat dance music and crowd slowly filtering from their seats to the buffet to the dance floor and so on, Tony notices Steve slipping out the side door, onto the little balcony that overlooks the vineyard. Even though Carol is yelling at him to come dance with her, he motions that he will in a minute and then heads out after Steve.
“Boo,” Tony says flatly, coming up behind him. Steve jumps anyways, and it takes a second before recognition dawns in his eyes and he stops standing so defensively.
“I’m gonna go get food,” Tony says, to make stepping away even more casual. The reception is buffet-style, with all sorts of different food options to appease the picky, and Tony has had his eye on the make-your-own tacos since they did food tasting months ago. “Hope to see you on the dancefloor later.”
“But that’s not the same as romantic like.”
“You’re on,” he says, before stepping up to the microphone and clearing his throat. “Hi everyone. I see a lot of familiar faces in the crowd, but I’ll say anyways, I’m Steve Rogers, Sharon’s cousin… You know, I’m actually not quite sure why she asked me to be her best man. We’ve known each other since we were little, sure, but now, she lives here, and I’m still back in Brooklyn. I don’t get many vacation days, so I rarely come up to see her, and I’ve actually only met Natasha a handful of times before this weekend. So why me?
“Okay,” he sighs. “You were completely right, I have a crush on Steve. Carol was pulling me out of panic mode, ‘cause I realized it in the middle of dinner.”
“Yeah, but I don’t want to.”
Time passes quickly, and before Tony knows it, his alarm is going off, jolting him out of an inventing reverie. Steve appears similarly dazed, looking up from his own work questioningly.
The frame that Tony constructed is made of a thousand little gears he bought from ACE Hardware, much to the checkout boy’s confusion. Meticulously spray-painted golden, from far away it looks like puzzle pieces fitting flawlessly together, although up close it gives more the impression of a haphazard amalgam. Nestled inside it is Steve’s painting, highlighted by the reflection of the metal parts against each other, showcasing two little girls. One is tall and blonde, dressed in overalls with scrapes and bruises on her legs, sitting in a picturesque forest and plucking at a bright red flower growing up in the ground right in front of her. The other has crimson hair pulled into a tight bun, and is hidden away in a snowy wonderland, standing up on the point of her ballerina shoes and stretching towards the shining sun, her back in a perfect curve and a tense expression of concentration on her face. They’re waiting for each other, reaching for each other.
“On mine, too,” Jan chimes in. “Last year, this little local singer guy was playing in the coffee shop we frequent- they do mochas the best- and he was completely staring me down, so afterwards Tony told me I should go up to him and say hi,” she explains, for Hank’s benefit. The rest of them, sans Steve, have heard her rant about this event several times. “It was a complete disaster.”
doting boyfriends, aren’t you? Like, always keeping your arm over my shoulder in public and waxing poetic about the dreamy shade of my eyes as pillowtalk?”
Tony winks at her, happy to be able to prove her wrong for the first time in the history of their friendship. “He liked me before that. So, you lose. Whatever you bet I think should be mine and Steve’s, for his new apartment fund.”
A slow grin spreads across Steve’s face as the memories dawn on him as well. “I would risk making Aunt Peg mad if it meant I got to stay in bed with you all day.”
They shake hands in agreement. “Deal.”
“I guess he just doesn’t think he can make a living off of it.”
Tony sputters at him. “I’m not little, Rogers, I’m compact. Besides, you can hardly talk, Sharon’s shown me pictures of you guys when you were little. A swift breeze could have pushed you over.”
“Not yet. The AI part, yeah. But now we have to figure out how to employ the bots in practical ways so that they do what they’re designed to do without running into traffic or something. It’s an ongoing process, but the puzzle is why I love it. Puts my overwhelmingly large brain to use.”
Her dress makes Tony cry for a second time. The bodice is fitted, but lacy, combining modern and vintage styles together, and it slowly flares out as it reaches the floor. There was originally a bow going around her waist, but it was ugly and so not Natasha’s style so they had the seamstress rip it off.
“The only answer I could come up with was that maybe it was a thank you. When we were fourteen, in our freshman year at an overcrowded, underfunded New York public high school, she got her first boyfriend, this guy Logan. He was a perfectly nice guy, but she confessed to me, in our blanket fort for cousins only, that she just didn’t like him very much. Now, I had little to no information to go on, but I answered back, ‘Sharon, I’ve read about this thing on the Internet called a lesbian, and I think you might be it.’ Turns out, I was right, but we didn’t know that for sure until a few years later.” Tony chuckles along with the crowd at the story, turning to look at Sharon, who’s blushing and hiding a smile behind her hand, yet looking at Steve with inquisitive eyes. No one has any idea where he’s going with this.
He rebounds quickly. “I’m an atheist myself, so no worries. Have the Jehovah’s Witnesses really started a call list now? I guess they realized no one’s gonna answer the door to them anymore.”
“I think romantic love happens like that, too. Sharon and Tash, at first glance, seem perfect together. They have so many shared interests, and hobbies, and they’re never bored around each other, nor could anyone be around them. But that’s because of that initial slow build up. Without that, they wouldn’t have those things in common, or even the things they still disagree on, but have a good time fighting about.” Pause for more laughter.
“Maybe,” Tony mumbles.
“Why’d you stop?” Steve complains, pushing himself up into a fully seated position, his arm pressing against Tony’s. “Something wrong? You know I get ready quickly, we won’t be late.”
Carol’s stomach hilariously rumbles after a few minutes, so they make their way back inside. Natasha is apparently the only one who noticed that they left, because of course she did, and given Tony a questioning look from her seat when he meets her eyes. He simply shakes his head, motioning his arms to hopefully convey that he’ll tell her later. She looks satisfied by that, and returns to her meal.
“I thought you and Sharon liked hanging out with me!”
“And that actually works?”
“I knew it,” Tash says, “I backed off because I thought you were getting uncomfortable, but I totally knew it. Alright, so what next? Are you together now?”
“Then it’s settled,” Steve agrees, as if he always knew Tony was going to say yes. Maybe he did. “I’ll go back as scheduled tonight, and I’ll pack up my stuff, get my ducks in a row, while you look through Zillow and send me anything that looks like I won’t get slaughtered living there, and then in a couple weeks…”
“That definitely beats my story,” Steve nods. He turns somber, smile falling off his face, when he asks, “Is that why you didn’t mention your parents at brunch? When Aunt Peggy asked?”
“I dunno. You seem like the type to drop bread on the ground to make a bunch of them come to you, and then start running around and screaming and waving your arms to scare them off again.”
“Except this is a luxury hotel where you don’t have to pay your own utilities. You didn’t even want to- you know- in there?” Tony makes a lewd gesture which causes Steve to blush and look down at his feet quickly.
“No,” Tony cries, fully aware that his denial of it makes it sound true. “Really. We’ve been planning your bachelorette party, if you haven’t noticed. If it was all up to me, we would be spending a week in Atlantic City, so you should be grateful I have Steve to bounce ideas off of.”
“Well,” Steve pauses. “No, but that’s, uh, eerily close. Now I’m kind of worried you won’t like it.”
Someone groans, and a strong arm tightens around Tony’s waist, leading to his brain suddenly unfogging as recognition clicks into place. Steve stayed the night at his place, and it brings a sappy, uncontrollable smile to his face. He buries his face into the pillow to hide it as Steve slowly sits up just enough to look down at him.
Tony and Steve share a look of joy and pride, beyond relieved that it came together so well. Tony notices that Steve’s arm is still encircling his shoulder, but doesn’t move to push it away. Instead, he inches ever so slightly closer, slowly and hesitantly placing one of his hands on the small of Steve’s back. Steve beams down at him.
Tony grins as he watches her go.
“In my defense,” Tony tells Sharon, “it wasn’t an easy road to get here. I was supposed to do the practical thing with my life, but I was basically kicked out of my family’s nest like a baby bird without a guardian angel to tell me how to handle it.”
“At first, they were two completely different people, Natasha in particular not really willing to open her heart to anyone. They had that spark, though-- they mutually hated the Skrulls, this little local college band I dragged Tash out to see one night. Everyone in the crowd was a fan except for the two of them, and it was at that moment that their process of becoming, truly, soulmates, began. I’ve been lucky enough to watch it all happen, and I can’t wait to see what they’ll do together next. I love you guys.”
“I don’t want to,” Steve refuses. “I look really stupid when I dance.”
She scoffs. “Whatever, don’t take my advice. Go over there and pick which of Peggy’s rings I should wear for my something old.”
As promised, Steve’s part of their present is practically done, with only a few things to fix before it’s perfect, according to him. The first thing Tony feels when he looks at it is shock, followed quickly by awe. If Sharon and Tash don’t cry when they see it, he’ll eat his tie.
“The boat?” Natasha raises an eyebrow. “That wasn’t it, you have something else coming?”
“You too,” Tony fidgets under her gaze. He hasn’t seen his own mother since he was seventeen, and though she was always kinder to him than Howard was, this head-patting, cheek-pinching attention is so unfamiliar to him now that it makes him squirm. “Lunch? You hungry? I assume you are a sane woman and stayed away from the airplane food.”
Steve shakes his head in silent laughter as Jan launches into an explanation of why nice guys are the worst boyfriends, much to Hank’s confusion. The boat stops, suddenly, and Tony turns in his seat to look back at the city. It glows golden, almost blinding, reflecting off the water and highlighting the glass skyscrapers that would be practically invisible if not for the hazy light of the street lamps and search beams coming from the tops of buoys further out in the water.
“No, fine, I’ll stop. In what world is getting to a restaurant forty minutes early a better plan than hanging out in a comfy paid-for hotel room and watching
“God, Tony,” Steve mutters in between kisses, chest heaving like a fish desperate for water. Instead, he’s desperate for Tony, and boy, is that a nice thought.
Steve is smiling, too, and for a split second Tony thinks
“No! Let me explain--”
“Of course I do,” Tony scoffs. “This is my best friend’s wedding, after all. You really think I wouldn’t go all out?”
“Oh, you be quiet,” Tony chastises. “We’re also working on a big surprise present, if you must know. Plus, I simply enjoy pestering him about his continued refusal to just quit his job.”
“Pretty beautiful, huh?” Steve says softly.
The walls are pretty bare, too, but that’s because all of Tony’s nerdy Star Trek posters are in his bedroom where he can appreciate them. The living room is his engineering zone, despite obviously not being built for that, and Tony sort of lives in fear of burning down the building and angering his landlord, Phil.
They check Steve into his hotel room at the swanky place Sharon and Tash chose to put up all the guests in. His jaw practically drops open at the lobby, with gold vintage furnishings and crystal chandeliers abound, let alone when they shuffle into the all-glass elevator with a view of the Bay as they head up to his suite.
Because Tony is a sane person and knows he doesn’t need to get ready for the rehearsal dinner until right before they have to leave, he also decides to mess around with one of his works in progress. It’s sort of for work, but also partially for his own edification; he wants to create a new alloy that’s virtually indestructible, for use building robots or machine parts that need to not be easily breakable. So far, gold-titanium has shown some promise, so Tony loads up the statistical scenarios on his computer again-- which has, of course, been modified to suit his own desires, because Apple can’t make quality shit to save its life-- and starts to fiddle with them, inputting new parameters and running the tests.
“Look, Steve’s a timid guy when it comes to certain things. Look at his career, we all know he should be taking a risk with art but he’s not. He’s using sensibility as a disguise so that he doesn’t have to change his ways,” Tash explains. “If you want anything to happen, you’ll probably have to make the first move.”
Steve hesitates, but eventually does put down his soda and allow himself to be yanked by Tony out onto the dance floor. It takes him a minute to get into it, finally loosening up and bobbing up and down to the beat like he’s a seventh grade boy at winter formal trying to look cool for the girls. It’s better than nothing, though.
“There’s a lot of things you don’t know about me, Steve. But now that we’re friends, you’ll learn.”
Tony is also fully aware of the fact that her lifelong best friend moved to Japan a couple of years ago, and hasn’t spoken to her since. So he acquiesces, and is officially proclaimed the maid of honor.
“Sharon and I called it the night of the bachelorette party,” Natasha tells him under her breath.
“I promise,” Steve agrees, searching his eyes for the problem.
Steve wheezed out a breath, he could feel his face growing cold. One thousand dollars. Oh my god. He couldn’t afford….. Oh my god. He was fucked. They were all fucked. His collar felt like a vice, the suit felt plastered to his body. Darkness crept along the edges of his vision. He tugged at his tie helplessly and gasped.
"And what else has the beautiful and brilliant Princess Allison told you? Hmmmm." Stiles absently studied the parchment once more.
"I do appreciate her continued patronage."
It took a few moments for the light bulb to go off over Stiles’ head and he blinked in surprise. “Really? Huh. Wow.”
“Oh god…” he hung his head, his chin touching his chest as his eyes stung. “I fucked it all up. Haven’t even started and I fucked it up. Way to go Rogers. Ya big dummy.”
None of the warriors would get the farewell they deserved, to be washed and rubbed with fragrant oil by their mourning loved ones and sent off to the hall of glory with their armor and shields, polished and gleaming.
The smaller man shrugged gently. "He needs to learn that she can take care of herself. He leapt to her rescue today even though we all knew that she could handle it. He put us all at risk because he can't help but focus on her before anything else."
Riddick adjusted his goggles against the dust kicked up by the drop ship’s lift off.  There was a small settlement a few miles away where he could catch a ride off this back water planet. At least they left him a canteen of water and a knife. Downright generous of them. Hunters who kept their word... who knew.
It was a small room, cold and dark. There was a small light in the corner and he gravitated towards it. He’d never been anywhere this dark before. Never been so far from Sol’s gaze. He suppressed a shiver, struggling to keep himself calm. He was in the hands of his enemies, far away from home and safety. He walked straight into a trap and had seen his last ally lost because of it.
“The loss at North Pass is unacceptable. How could those dirty shadow dwellers even get through the defenses?” the Governor of Phoebus District was red in the face, hands braced on the large round table of the Council Chambers. “And what about the power that has been lost? The new Forges at Glist and Kragenheed won’t be competed for another five years. What will be done for the areas affected by power loss?”
Seeing his father thoroughly distracted by his mother, Draco shot her a grateful look and quietly excused himself as soon as he was able, slipping away to grab his gear and head down to the Choosing Ceremony.
He glanced up at the night sky once more. If he squinted He could just make out the light trail of the ship as it made the jump into hyperspace. Or maybe it was just his imagination. He gave an irreverent salute to the fading trail, smirking as he turned towards the lights of the settlement in the distance.
"We've been able to replicate science drones in the city. Like the battle drones but these collect data and send it back through the gate. We've been sending them to the no go addresses on your list. Most of them are uninhabitable like your notes indicated but some of them are space gates. We found this one a week ago and all the astronomy geeks are over the moon. "
EXPLICIT CONTENT AHEAD
He awoke in an all new room, this one larger than the others and looked lived in, comfortable. His head ached like nothing lese and he swallowed a groan wondering absently why he wasn’t yet dead.
The genius' eyes had gone wide when Ronon had presented it to him as a courting gift, torn between racing to the labs to compare it to the database and jumping Ronon's bones right then and there. Thankfully for Ronon, sex won out and they'd tumbled into bed for a night of enthusiastic sex.
Just then, Tony curled to his side, tugging the sweater jacket closer and rubbing his cheek against the soft chunky knit; utterly decimating the last of Steve’s defenses in the process.
Suddenly there was a presence at his side, the car door opening and letting in the fresh air. There was a voice speaking to him, calmly and clearly and he latched on to it, using it as an anchor so that he didn't drift apart.
Stiles owed it to his father to have the man's heart stone join his wife in song for eternity within the vast dragon caves. The great, wise beasts kept the glowing heart stones as treasures, keeping them warm and singing with their dragon flame.
Derek started to purr, something that always calmed Stiles when he was getting himself worked up. He hated to call it purring but there wasn't really any other word for it.
The large doors swung open easily, perfectly balanced to reveal the room beyond. Spencer took a second to case the room, tagging all the windows, doors and other potential dangers. He'd all but walked into the lion's den and if he wanted to walk out again unharmed, he'd have to stay on his feet and keep his wits about him.
"What the hell are you wearing?" Stiles blurted out, basket dropping unto the bed. "You aren't hot enough as it is? You have to walk around looking like that?"
"Does this mean we're space married now? I've been in an entirely different galaxy to too long and I would really like to get space married."
“Because you’re more valuable to me alive than dead, even now.” A deep voice came from one side and he looked over quickly only to wince and cradle his head. He hadn’t realized that he’d spoken out loud.
“Aw shit, I’m sorry. Here I am pouring out all my troubles on a beautiful stranger when all you did was offer me a drink.”  He ran his hand through his hair, messing up the careful hairstyle Natasha had combed for him. “You must think I’m the worst kind of loser. It’s ok, i don't mind. I’ve been called worse.”
It had been a while since he'd been so quickly and deeply in tune with someone else. His last steady female relationship had been Wendy and the wedding that wasn't. his last male attraction had been Gibbs but that had soon become twisted and had withered away under the weight of their eroding rapport.
These days, Gibbs seemed more interesting in tearing him down, making him feel low. The head slaps had been sharper, more like reprimanding a naughty pet. These days Tony felt bruised, beaten down. Worn down. But, despite his personal problems, there was still a killer on the loose that they needed to track down. He  take a deep, calming breath and forged on.
Tony gives him a genuine smile, surprisingly charmed himself by the cheerful doctor with his black rimmed glasses and faint stubble. Lamar, as he was invited to call him, was respectful, intelligent, funny and seemed to move movies as much as he loved bugs.
He looked down at the destroyed Legionnaire. The stubbornly loyal android who'd saved his life many times over in the short time that they'd had only each other in a strange, cold land.
------------------------------------------
He made great time to the clearing, dismounting and tapping a pattern to the bee's back, commanding it to go back home. Buzzcut nuzzled his side in affection, getting pollen all along his pants before it zoomed off into the distance. He watched it go for a bit, a fond smile on his face, before turning back to the other nervous choosing day hopefuls.
He let out a deep breath, happier that it didn’t sound as much as a sigh as before. His mind calmed, his body going boneless as tender fingers combed through his dark hair.
Stiles picked at the hem of his jeans. “You still have a lot in common with Dalton then?”
The blue light lit the cab dimly as Anthony got the vehicle started, flushing with secret pride that he’d been able to figure out such strange technology so quickly. He made the awakened driver his navigator and the vehicle crawled forth towards the nearest base.
The forest seemed like a great shadow as it grew further and further away, the terrifying golden glow growing behind it seemed to be mocking the sunrise. But the sun didn't rise from the west. And the sun didn't seek to devour all before it.
The brunet smiled wide and squeezed his elbow. “He won’t need it because I’m going to build him a much better one.”
“It’s not what you think.” He pleaded, staring into those warm and wary brown eyes. “HammerTech has been running a testing program for their bionic prosthesis and I need to get someone unto the program.”
He blinked, grunting as his eyes watered against the harshly light of the infirmary and let out a breath when they dimmed immediately. He looked up to Teyla's smiling and serene face.
Tony took a deep breath, drew on his faith, and leapt.
He’s shaken awake roughly and comes up with a fist which was caught deftly by the tall brunette. His grip felt like a vice and Anthony catches a glimpse of a metallic hand. He stared, fascinated only to snarl as the grip tightened almost painfully the let go. He cradled it to his body, glaring hotly up at his jailor.
“So, I was told there would be fucking my sweet ass so deep that I screamed your name? I’d like to get to that very much soon please and thank you.”
Rossi chuckled behind him. "This one is feisty. No wonder Garcia favours him."
“And where might that be?” Tony asks him, looking up to meet his eyes. He keeps his tone hushed, too, although he doesn’t have to, because everyone else in the party is talking amongst themselves.
when he mentioned a new best friend, which in a way cements Tony’s theory that Steve has only platonic feelings for him. But he also talked about finally making the choice to try and make a career out of his art, something that Tony knows scares him so much. Steve is making the choice to be brave, to do something risky, on the off chance that it’ll work out and be the best thing he ever did. Tony remembers Natasha’s words, and suddenly, he’s overcome with the urge to talk to Steve.
Steve shakes his head, cupping the sides of Tony’s face in his ginormous palms, using the pad of his thumb to stop Tony from gnawing his lip. “I was deflecting. I mean, ‘cause this is crazy, right? It’s great that these feelings are reciprocal, I’m so happy, you have no idea, but it’s been three days. We’re both definitely, certifiably crazy.”
“Duh,” Tony grins. “Double bachelorette coming at you. Who’s Steve, and why does he get to be called best man while I’m ‘bro of honor’?”
“That seems economical to me. No on the ironing board, then.”
“Thank Steve. He was sort of the angel on my shoulder during the whole process,” he answers, winking at Steve when he hears his name and turns to look.
Except that doesn’t happen. Steve swiftly asks Sharon about something regarding her wedding dress, if she’d tried it on after the alterations, and then everyone’s off and chatting. Natasha reaches over the table nonchalantly and clutches Tony’s hand, squeezing it tightly while contributing to the conversation all the while. The uneasiness leaves his body like a deep exhale.
Tony sets five alarms the next morning, and he is not late picking Steve up from the airport. He knows what Steve looks like, because Sharon showed him pictures-- and, actually, he’s kind of exactly Tony’s type with the whole tall muscular blonde thing going on-- so Tony waits in the baggage claim terminal until he spots him by the carousel spitting out bags from the New York City flight.
“Yeah. I guess I will be.”
He chokes out a laugh. “Yeah, and then you immediately regretted it.”
“Yes, I do,” she steamrolls. “I want to hear about it. Right now.”
“What? We do. That’s not the point. You shouldn’t enjoy third wheeling, that’s weird. Plus, I want you to be happy and have a boyfriend who loves you and dotes on you like me and Sharon. Okay?”
“Hang on. What?” Tony blinks, slow to catch on to Steve’s logic there.
“Hey! Where did you two run off to?” Steve jokes his head as Tony slides back in beside him.
Peggy tells her that she looks stunning, and that Sharon will be beside herself with tears when she sees Tash for the first time. Natasha simply agrees with her, grinning at herself in the mirror.
He and Steve have to hang back a while even after everyone else has left, to clean things up and put all the furniture back where it’s supposed to be. Tony puts on eighties’ music when Steve asks him to, complete with a puppy dog aw-shucks smile and everything. Every instinct in his body fights against it, though it’s futile.
“Okay normally Tash would be the first one I tell but she’s otherwise occupied,” Tony begins, breathing heavily almost to the point of hyperventilating. Carol puts a hand on his shoulder worriedly, silently imploring him to speak. “I think I like Steve.”
“Or maybe I’m just getting good at predicting you,” Steve says. “If you want to turn on your death metal you can, because clearly you still need to wake up a little and today would be a really bad day to fall asleep at the wheel and get us into an accident.”
“I’m glad that you appreciate my work.” the man who Anthony had never dreamed of meeting in real life smiled, and by Sol he was beautiful. “You can call me the Captain.”
“What is it about you?” he asked softly, almost to himself. “Why do I feel the need to keep you close? You are my sworn enemy. I should kill you now and mount your head on a pike, sending your body back to the citadel in pieces. The others think I’m crazy for keeping you close. In my own quarters even. How have you bewitched me?”
He was less than a block from the shop when he spotted the old Junker that he and T'Challa had both learned to drive on, rolling to a sputtering stop halfway up the curb.
Derek mock grimaced. “Celia’s a mix of Lydia and Cora, actually.”
Gasps sounded from the hopefuls as they entered the main stable, a massive copse of trees whose canopy had grown together thick and impenetrable. Moths of varying sizes and colours milled along the forest floor and up the trees.
He especially loved it when guided Erik's calloused and capable hands guided his slim hips up and down on his lap, working that thick cock further and further up Tony's perfect ass.
She placed a hand on his arm and he looked down to see the gleaming silver fingers. "Hey, I appreciated it. Thank you. It's hard to get the good stuff like that on the moon."
He’d been purse holder, clothing rack and impartial judge to some truly varied and scandalous fashion shows and had fought down many a raging boner for his trouble. He’d come away learning much more about women’s undergarments than he ever would have learned on the internet though.
It was ingenious. He’d seen evidence of the blue lights piped along the carved stone corridors, providing both light and heat to the deep ground tunnels. It didn’t seem to require oxygen or give off smoke, keeping the precious air quality level. There must be some other means of recycling the air, Tony mused. He hadn’t felt a breeze since they’d entered the caves and the air was stale and processed. But it clear and breathing was easier than he’d expected.
It seemed to be based on a chemical reaction and Tony dropped to his knees before the bulbous looking metal contraption, his sharp and eager eyes taking in every weld and rivet. His placed his hands close, delighting in the delicious warmth being pushed from the welcoming light.
When John had heard about Ronon's sweet set up, he'd bugged the resident genius to the same for him so that he could enjoy his Jonny Cash in surround sound. Frankly, Ronon thought that Shepard's favourite singer sounded like a frakhorn with its tail cut off.
"Sex now, food later" Ronon growled, effectively stripping his mate's clothes off as he explored the exposed skin with his hands and tongue.
FBI Agent Seeley Booth along with Dr. Temperance Brennan and her team had followed the trail to an underground black market ring. He'd reached out to Tony afterwards, thanking him for cracking the whole thing with his lead. Turned out the victim had been part of the ring and had been very meticulous in keeping records of the people he'd dealt with. Soon after, Booth, Brennan and their team were part of the Dinozzo network and he carefully drew Dr. Quintero into the fold as well.
Anthony felt oddly bereft as he passed out of sight, turning back to face the dark maw that opened before him. The strange blue lights that seemed to indicate power in almost everything ran along the walls at eye level, illuminating the tunnel just enough to make out the roughly hewn walls and sloping steps.
“Damn…” Stiles whispered hoarsely, threading his fingers with the other man’s for much needed comfort. “Blunt much, Mean wolf.”
He wanted to know exactly what they tried, what procedures, what rituals, what research had been done. He wanted to dig into the problem with his dull nails and tearing it apart. He felt utterly useless, incandescently furious and totally heartbroken.
i'm on a role. in the zone. let's see how long this lasts.
They both had learned their lesson about being barefoot in the garage space and the fluffy panther slippers Tony had bought as a gag gift had turned into an ideal compromise.
Derek pursed his lips. “Sight’s gone completely, even when I try to activate my wolf sight.” His irises turned a vibrant blue, the rings thin around the pearlescent pupils. “But it was gradual so my other senses grew stronger to compensate.”
His thin under suit provided almost no protection against the chill winds, and the rocky landscape was barely visible in the gloom.
"I propose a co-ordinating concept instead. You in a black suit, expertly tailored. Black silk shirt with embroidered tie. Patent leather shoes. Platinum accessories. Do you have a set of tools in black and silver? Brushed velvet and leather."
It looked so exposed, broken on the cold slab table like that, defenseless against the savagery visited upon it by cold and unfeeling hands. He felt the blood boil in his veins, his temper burning like acid behind his ribcage.
Ronon barked a laugh and stepped closer, warming the liquid on his hands before putting it to the man's skin. "Don't mind if I do."
“Maybe my luck’s run out finally. Maybe there are no more miracles left. Though I think that bleeding out in the hot afghani desert might be preferable. At least there I’d be the only one paying for my fuck up.”
"Roughnecks Two -Zero, Sir."
It sounded just as poorly as his current situation. He was alone and cold in the darkness, the dim blue light straining to reach the furthermost corners of the room and leaving deep dark shadows to loom above him. He felt so lonely here. In this place so foreign and full of strange faces.
Erik had learned from the mean streets when he was a child, the brilliant and ruthless halls of MIT and the blistering deserts of Afghanistan. He'd come back hardened and disillusioned, hurt and angry at the world.
The smile was back but it was brighter this time. “Let me introduce myself then, Anthony Stark. CEO and Head of R&D at Stark industries and soon to be Stark Prosthetics. You can call me Tony.”
"You're gonna be okay Peter. Just keep breathing."
A clear and strident voice brought him from his light musing. Hotchner's eyes were sharp and piercing and Spencer forced himself to hold the man's gaze for a few moments before  lowering his eyes.
X2857 H2 was first discovered while it was only three days away from the planet, coming out of a section of space previously thought to be empty as fuck. It took the great minds of the world another day to determine that the sneaky burning space rock was making a beeline straight toward the third rock from the sun.
“You gonna free me first?”
Ewan inhaled sharply, the brisk chill of the encroaching mist hurting his nose. "I have a really bad feeling about this. About this house. About this whole place. You didn't say anything about this when you asked us to come along and keep you company. Let's visit a quaint old house you said, Enjoy the beautiful fall colours you said. You didn't say anything about driving through the Forest of Death and Blood to get to Purgatory itself."
Derek chuckled softly, refilling his own mug.  “Hot as lava, black as your soul and enough sugar to give you diabetes. Yeah… I remember.”
Steady hands caught his elbow and the next thing he knew he was out on the hotel balcony, leaning against the railing as he struggled to breathe. He heard a couple buttons pop on the shirt as it ripped the collar over and mourned his next meager salary check. Loki was going to kill them both dead for sure.
I hit the mid-month wall and haven't written anything in three days. i am so behind.
The sound of his window opening really shouldn’t make him jump anymore but he was in full drag and he hadn't expected to see any of the pack tonight.
With his work done and Spike gone for the next couple of hours, he wandered out unto the main store and browsed along the aisles. He wasn’t a stranger to women’s lingerie stores. He’d been best friends with some BAMF women and they had no qualms dragging him along for company when they went shopping.
He'd stopped hearing John's and Teyla's voices a while ago and was fearing the worst.  They hadn't been trapped in the cave in so there was a chance that they could still make it back to the gate to dial Atlantis for help. That is if the steady rain and flash flooding the villagers had predicted as being weeks away, hadn't swept his team mates away in the sudden deluge.
She examined her toes appreciatively and carefully corked the polish bottle back, slipping it into her small bucket of nail care things. She herself had only two bottles of her own, pale blush pink and clear top coat, much to her brother's dismay. He, on the other hand, had over thirty shades lined up neatly on his dresser in their little glass bottles , his fingers and toes never the same colour two days in a row.
He sneered the last few words, his blue eyes sparking in anger. Anthony was left speechless, mouth working as he tried to think of some reason, some argument that didn’t seem weak when spoken out loud.
And surprisingly enough, it felt oddly freeing.
The room erupted around him, some calling for his death, others crying out in fear. Anthony stood calmly in the middle of the chaos, his eyes never leaving the equally still captain. His eye eyes swirled with emotion as he stared back, his beautiful mouth turned down in a frown.
He padded towards the sitting area on socked feet, dragging them against the carpet childishly. Most of the old manor had been hard wood floors and proper house shoes and quick, harsh scoldings for running too fast or laughing too loud.
He shrugged a shoulder, folding his arms across his broad chest.
There was also the slight concern that if they didn't have enough proper drainage, the city could become waterlogged and sink under the ocean. And with the shield only having enough power to stay up for a little more than 37 hours continuously , they would all drown before they could solve the problem efficiently.
will i be able to finish the rest of the chapters today?
To hear that Naruto may be coming back to the village made a warm hope balloon in his chest and he twisted against his lover's side to stare up a the fluffy white clouds. The sky was as blue as Naruto's eyes and he could just picture the blond smiling widely at him.
“Guilty as charged” the man chuckled, his laugh warm and unrestrained as he seemed to find the tool he was searching for and turned to face the captured King.
They retrieved her camera a hundred yards away, it's flash card full. There were pictures of the old house, the sprawling lawn, along with the frowning Dudleys and several candid shots of the youngsters. Then there was shot after shot of mist, the faint silhouettes of trees barely visible. One of the deputies made the suggestion that Candy had been trying to light her way with the flash of the camera and had done so until the battery had eventually died.
Rhodes humphed, his heavy armor gleaming as he shifted. “Seems more like the shadow scum finally found some poor bugger to push out in front of the rabble horde. Don’t worry Monarch, we will still crush them and chase them back into the darkness. Then we will find the scuttling cockroach of a leader and they will feel the full might of Sol’s holy fire.”
His mission with the Sannin Jiraiya had come down just as they were starting to get comfortable and it had been hard to see someone so important to them say good bye. That was a ninja's life though, fleeting and dangerous. They'd spent that last night together, burning their passion into their memories because who knew who long it would be until they all met again, if they even would.
His musing was broken when Tony snorted softly and curled upon on his side, fast asleep on the weird ergonomic chair he was sitting in. The chair rolled a bit as the man tried to get comfortable and Steve dove forward to brace it before it tipped over.
He showered and washed his clothes like clockwork, the repetition of daily chores giving his racing mind a reprieve with their familiarity. Slowly, he bought little things to add to the space. Some cartoon letter fridge magnets to hold his grocery lists and pictures sent from home by post. Some better pillows for his neck when he passed out on the huge but hideously comfortable flowered atrocity of a couch. Some black out curtains so that he could crouch over his computer in the dark like some kind of goblin in his cave.
All these doubts and fears must have shown in his eyes because the blond cupped his chilled face with one large, warm hand.  “Stay with me, please.”
That winter, when the villagers came to trade cured meat and fresh bread for potions and liniments for their ill, he'd negotiated shrewdly just as she'd taught him too.
They part on good terms, Tony promising to call if the information helped the case in anyway. Neither of them had been eager to let the night end, late as it was and Tony found himself looking at the Doc's contact on his phone more than a few times during the next few days.
He was aware now of the tears pearling at the corners of his eyes and sliding down into his hair. He pressed his heated cheek into the cool silk of the pillow. It felt so good against his skin, sliding against his back as Steve worked him up the bed.
"My sister knits…. A lot." he'd confessed sheepishly as they'd stood in the small kitchen making coffee. "I send her cool weird yarn as gifts and she sends me back stuff made from it. It's how we keep in touch now that she's moved to California."
He’d seen the way Tony donned his sharp and expensive, custom tailored suits, strutting as confidently as he would in his gold titanium alloy armor. How Bucky wore the latest trends, his closet filled with weird, one of a kind pieces that were more avant garde than pret-e-porter; bold and fearless in his desire to distance himself from the bleak, black horror that were his years under HYDRA.
Teyla gave a small chuckle. "You actually have Rodney to thank for both of your survival. He not only found the secret ancient base that we had been looking for in the first place, but managed to manipulate the shielding into keeping the water out but expanded it upwards so that it breached the surface and allowed us to fly a jumper down the shaft and extract you."
Getting back into the library was quick and she peeled off the gloves and let them fall into a mop bucket with some bleach. The zip lock bag and its contents had already made a home in the dumpster out back. Some make up wipes taken from her aunt's bathroom took care of her face full of foundation. Rolling up the arms and legs of the tights, she slipped on the dress and scarf and  pulled off the stocking cap; stuffing it into her bag.
"Uh..no." he gave her a half lidded look, already fed up with the circular conversation. "If you were really concerned about these so called 'innocent lives' you keep harping about, you would have either told me flat out what the actual problem was so that my pack could decide whether take care of it ourselves or you would have found another way entirely. Your motives are as transparent as glass Alpha Hale."
She just shrugged at his look of surprise. "I' m not sure how he did it either. But I'm glad he did. We lost the ancient outpost when the shield eventually gave way and it flooded but since Rodney doesn't seem to broken up about it, none of the other scientists are complaining either."
Jake nodded sagely, as he never got worked up over anything. It was part of the reason why he got along well with Candy and most of the reason she grew fed up with his ass after a stint of dating. The blonde in question all but growled, her hands white knuckled on the steering wheel.
Ewan watched in chilled silence as the man described the group of young people having left the house after a couple of hours, having taken all the pictures they needed. They'd then left in their little car and the couple hadn't seen hide nor hair of them when they made their way home that evening.
"Malignant Melanoma is a type of cancer that develops  in pigment containing cells in the body called melanocytes. It's what gives human skin it's complexion. It's mainly caused by UV rays which comes from direct exposure to sunlight."
"Yeah. That mission was fucked." Kiba bared his teeth in a parody of a grin. "But we came home and I have two days down time to my name so I'd call it a win. Besides, Hinata's got Neji to mother hen over her and the medic-nins have Matamoro on the really good drugs so he's better than fine."
Xander felt a flush at the words, his hips bucking helplessly; the press of Spike’s leather clad hard-on as it snagged on the flimsy satin making heat coil in his belly.
A deep sadness washed over him and he had to swallow down bile. He wouldn’t want to throw up the booze he’d have to shell out a thousand dollars of their ‘miracle money’ for now would he. Especially on the kind beautiful man who looked so at home among the rich, hoi-pilloi.
They ate the food Rodney had packed and drank the sweet juice; Rodney softly pointing out various interesting features of the vast space anomaly that surrounded them. Ronon grunted where needed, content to just lay there with his mate in his arms.
Derek pushed out his lower lip. “Uhhh…. Stiles.”
The hot knife of jealousy didn't slice into her at the thought of the other woman anymore. Dizzy had had Johnny in all the important of ways that night before the Whiskey Mission and had sated a lifelong dream deep inside her.
The legionnaire flagged after a while, switching out its solar battery for a new one. Anthony frowned at the sight. They’d relied so much on solar energy, the legion charging and recharging themselves from Sol’s light. No one had ever thought about how long they would last away from that resource. Even the cold of space was within Sol’s loving gaze.
He set the tray aside and contemplated his sleeping situation. The cot was across the room from the heater and that just wouldn’t do. Thankfully, it wasn’t too heavy and he was able to drag it closer to the light and warmth. Tucking his legs up so that they too were swallowed by the coat, he lay curled up on his side, his face and body turned towards the light, even though his training was yelling at him about having his back to the door.
Things came to a head when a cup of tea tipped over unto his school work, ruining two days of work. As he screamed incoherently, he thought that he could hear a soft giggle coming from the corner. That was the last straw. No one messed with his education. It's was time for desperate measures.
They emerged into wonder and Ronon leaned forward to gape at the sight before them. A massive nebula was sprawled around them, swirling and curling clouds of space dust and brilliant colour that took his breath away, spotted with bright stars that look close enough to reach out and touch.
He felt numb, sitting there in the dark grey of the city, the sun just peaking over the horizon and turning the tops of the buildings pink and orange. His cheeks felt cold and wet, his eyes gritty and dry. He tried to take a breath but it caught in his throat. He tried for another but this one was difficult as well.
She came to him crying one day. Her marriage had been arranged to a horrid boy with horrid, cruel friends. He took her into the crooked little cottage and sat her down, making her tea as cats crawled into her lap.
"Where's Shepard and Teyla?"
He was not sure how long he sat on that bed before rousing from boredom. He walked over to the work table, gingerly sitting on the stool. His fingers crept closer to the disassembled tech as he glanced at the still closed door. No doubt locked and guarded. When no one crashed through to berate him for his curiosity, he turned back to the table with renewed interest.
He’d seen Natasha become an entirely different person with a change of clothes, a touch of make-up and pinned up hair. Pepper wielded her fashion like a weapon, finely honed and deadly with her solid, uncompromising colurs and unrepentant femininity.
“Yeah?” he challenged in a thready voice. “And what exactly might happen when someone like you loses control?”
“Yeah?” he drawled, “Exactly how lucky are we talking here?”
Two hours into getting ready, he'd gotten a text from Scott, begging off their plans because Allison wanted to go to Jackson's epic Monster Mash Bash. Lydia had invited them, sans Stiles, and Allison really wanted to go.
Severus, he whispered to the wind.  The wolf boy smiled and kissed him on the mouth, taking him by the hand and tugging him into the deep shadow of the great forest.
The silence was comfortable between them as he hung up his leathers and pulled off his heavy boots, leaving him in his socked feet. It was strange, like it hadn’t been more than five years since they’d last been face to face. Like they both each hadn’t been changed so profoundly since then.
There was a mug of steaming coffee for him at the kitchen counter and he hummed appreciatively at the taste.
"Shit man, that's … really sad."
The liquid was cool against his skin and he rubbed until the white streaks disappeared. Then Rodney's hands were on his back, warm and strong as they tried to cover all of his broad shoulders down to just above the crack of his ass.
“I don’t think you have.” Derek flushed pink and sunk deeper into the cushions. “It’s more geared towards a younger target audience.”
"Alright looking?" the girl squawked a laugh.
There was always a fission of fear, a bit of doubt that if he let himself fall that Steve wouldn't catch him, wouldn't be there as he'd promised. It was always a leap of faith and faith was something that Tony had a hard time keeping hold of.
He kept his gaze straight ahead, his chin up and defiant. He would not show weakness in front of these rebel scum. The owner of the voice walked around him to stand at one of the table. His shoulders were broad, stretching his navy blue wool shirt across his muscled back.
Tony's voice was a comfort and peter let his eyes fall closed as he took another deep and cleansing breath.
Tony whimpered and went up to his toes, pressing closer until they were plastered to each other. When they finally parted, they were both breathless.
"Thanks. I'm Tony."
Yeah.
With all of this going on, Ronon had been left to his own devices. He helped the goons with their grunt work, schlepped stocks and stores with the Athosians. He'd brought coffee to the geeks, especially Rodney who he secured the best snacks and extra MREs for and coaxed him to eat and sleep as the genius worked himself into the ground.
When Erik met Tony he was walking back from getting an early breakfast from a nearby food truck. He'd been working earlier hours at his shop to cover a big job he'd gotten from Klue. Five vehicles that needed outfitting in a way that normal auto shops couldn't handle.
He grunted and they met in the middle with a kiss that began as a fight for dominance but slowly turned softer, sweeter; with a hunger that surged up his throat and came out as a deep moan. He bucked his hips as Reaper’s hand worked him through his thick leather pants, the man’s thighs flexing as his hips bucked.
They turned another corner and were halfway down another close path before Scott spoke again.
He trusted Steve to hold him, love him, protect him when he was like this; setting aside his doubts and skepticism and exposing his poor, scarred heart.
He knew without looking, every curve of the words engraved on the inside of the plain band. Words of promise meant to last as long as the rings did. Steve’s hand came up to grasp his own, stilling his fingers, his other hand warm on the small of his back.
“Damn the Iron King. The Iron King is dead. Long live the Iron King.”  The captain shook him, snarling.  “You’re alive. And you’re here with me. The goddess Nyx wouldn’t bless us like this just for us to turn away. How could Sol ‘the merciful’ demand such of us?”
he repeated the move a few times mumbling about ancient sea glass and other science stuff.
"You're crying again." Steve sounded both breathless and concerned, his breath hot against Tony's sweaty temple.
“I need air.”
One of the guards chuckled behind him and Anthony felt his hand curl into fists, a flush crawling up his neck.  Thank  Sol for the under suit, thin as it was. He forced himself to breathe evenly, unfurling his fists and letting his hands fall relaxed at his sides.
Whenever he slowed too much. Got too curious at the strange and quirky machinery, the shorter rebel behind him would nudges him forward and send him stumbling.
Stiles smiled and felt a blush crawl up his cheeks, he reached out and snagged Derek’s hand and brought it up to his smiling face.
One by one he'd seen his friends at the Hogwarts earn their rank as rider and submit themselves for choosing. He'd seen Theodore with his Leaopard Moth with its pure white wings with black ring spots. Pansy with her gorgeous red black and white Cecropia, Blaise with his pure black and daunting Peppered Moth which made him a shoe in for the Silent Scouts.
"I suppose you've heard every kind of Bug Doctor joke there is by now." Tony asked, leaning a hip against a nearby table as the scientist studied the shell remains under a microscope. The Doc grinned back at his over his shoulder, his dark curly hair flopping over his forehead; his mocca skin dimpling at the cheeks.
The brunet shook his head sharply, folding his arms across his chest with a frown. “No you don’t. In fact, Forget Hammer and his shitty tech. Bucky is never going to get one of those arms.”
"Very well then…" Rodney's eyes were as blue and the waters around them, pink dusting his cheeks. "Race you to Teyla. Loser has to carry whatever stones I pick up later to study."
The blond looked amused, which irritated Anthony to no end. He was not a joke. His rage must have shown in his eyes because the blond's smile widened. "Oh you are going to be a feisty one aren't you? I've heard that you Lightsiders run hot from being in the sun all the time… I guess that means hot in temper as well as blood."
"Say it for me again please."
"No still means no, gentlemen, so if you could see yourselves out of my building and out of my life before I call security that would be awesome."
His heart twisted when his mate didn't respond, still unconscious as the waters crept higher. Rodney took a breath and looked around, taking in every crack, crevasse, nook and cranny for something that would change their dire circumstance.
“What have you done? Tell me damn you.”
Thankfully, both Booth and Brennan were also there with some of their team and that helped make the night more enjoyable. By the end of the night, they'd talked and laughed and danced until they were both exhausted and a little tipsy. Tony escorted Lamar home, lingering in the door way as the Doctor fumbled with his keys.
Rodney chuckled at his own pun as he deftly maneuvered them to the event horizon and Ronon inhaled sharply. "I wanted to show this to you because we wouldn't have even found this address without you. There's no sign of it in the database."
The geeks had reported back that every twenty eight years, the planets weather systems reached a break point and essentially had a rainstorm to end all rain storms. At that particular set of news, Rodney had exchanged a tired look with Zelenka, both men hissing a selection of soft curses under their breaths.
He took one more look at his room, nodding in approval at the set up. He only needed one more thing for everything to be perfect. As if on cue, his door chimed and opened, his mate striding in with one hand to his comm unit and a white knuckled grip around his tablet.
He licked his lips, the taste of other man still lingering on his tongue. Still felt the touch of calloused hands on his skin. as a matter of fact, he felt rode hard and put up wet. And fuck if he hadn’t enjoyed every minute of it. He shook out his leg, all that time spent in those shackles had left him with strained muscles and lingering cramps.
Case in point, Talia Hale who was currently trying to both keep her daughter from the ends of Stiles' claws and trying to get him to listen to what she was trying to say. Stiles gave a mock yawn, exchanging humorous looks with this own crew who were trying not to snigger as his utter lack of respect.
He cocked his head, "I can't believe no one in medical ever went over this with either of you. I have to talk to Carson about this. With all that I complain about his bone rattle and sheep's blood, simple protective measures should be taken for anyone going through the gate."
The blond licked a hot stripe up the brunet’s neck, sucking on his pulse point as it raced under the pink flushed skin.
"Well, the rest of us are going inside so either you going in with us or you're walking back to town."
The linguists and translators were redirected to translate everything they could on the storm while the rest of the science division prepared the city for a complete lock down.
"Ah yes, no worries. I will buy another one." he felt stupid standing in the kitchen with a broom in his hand, talking to air but this was such a weird situation. "I'll just clean up the mess now if that's alright."
He stumbled back a few paces before turning on his heel and fleeing the room.  Anthony blinked back tears and sank back unto the bed, his heart crumbling in his chest. Sol damn his weak and pitiful heart. Damn his selfish hope. He was right to crush all ideas of love, all dreams of happiness. He was the Iron king… He used to be the Iron King. No doubt the next King had already been crowned and was beloved by the citadel. No doubt they would have a period of mourning for him. Would lay fire gladiolas along the palace walkways and set sunflowers afloat along the crystal clear waters of the great canal.
He’d long since learned how to deal random spikes from his mark, never letting that he was still affected by what most within the Citadel would call a weakness.
Tucking the bucket to one side and hanging the wash cloth, towel and sliver of soap nearby, he grabbed the tray and brought it over to his cot. The broth was still warm and delicious despite being barely more that flavoured water. The bread was tough and his jaw hurt from chewing after a while but he finished every last crumb. He needed his strength and for that he needed sustenance. The weak tea warmed his chest and limbs and he drained it with a sigh before shrugging back into the coat and buttoning up the crude hand carved buttons.
It was looking to be a cluster fuck and Tony was grateful that the FBI would most likely be taking the case as a whole. He was ready to just hand everything over, fuck Gibbs and his jurisdiction hording, and let someone not him wade through the thigh high sludge that this case would surely reveal in weeks and months to come. He already had enough nightmare fuel to last him a lifetime.
Those blue eyes looked up at him earnestly. "Will you tell me more about it sometime? Only if you want to, of course. I talk so much about earth that I forget that your people had built a unique and complex society of their own."
He gingerly made his was over to the kitchen to collect the broom and scoop when a squeaking noise drew his eye to the fridge. He froze. The cartoon letters were moving. Of their own accord. He watched in complete silence and stillness as the letters slowly formed a simple message.
He caught glimpses of the iron legion, their metallic bodies gleaming in the fire light as they sprayed the flames with fire suppressant. It was slow going, with how much the fire had spread but at least the human fire officers were able to back off from the more dangerous points.
The woman moved with the deadly grace of one of the Sun Lotus courtesans, no doubt there were at least a dozen small and maybe even poisoned blades secreted about her body. A curl of vibrant red hair had escaped from her rough wool skull cap and hung tucked behind her ear.
“Be still now luv, you’re looking to make someone like me lose control. You’ll not like what happens after that.”
Derek hummed and let his leg slip between Stiles', his hand resting on his lover's bare stomach and draining some of the lingering pain away.
“Even Lahey?”
There was a loud thump as the Mabille landed nearby, making both riders and moths alike scamper out of the way. Draco felt a sense of smug satisfaction coming from the steed and sent back a warm push of amazement and awe.
Tony set the mugs down on the worktable, slipping his arms around Erik's broad shoulders and pressing his lips to the scarred skin.
Derek just rolled his eyes, and said in dead pan. "Woof"
Not again.
He turned back towards the mirror and cocked his hip seductively.
He was able  to find some metal wiring that he was able to rip from one of the larger structures, a jagged piece of  transparent flex steel that took him two days to carefully extract from its window casing and a shockingly intact gold music box with mother of pearl dragon inlay. It was still working when he brought it a board, the music a bit warped, but a little tinkering and cleaning had it working perfectly.
"You really thought I would choose you over him?"
Sirius Black, Steed Master and husband of Master Trainer Repus Lupin, strode toward the hopefuls and gave a short, curt speech. Gone was the usually gregarious and laughing man they usually knew. In his place was the Master of the Choosing and one would decide their fate today.
"I'll agree to cancelling my other clients and staying here to complete the work but I will need to source the materials in person. I will not compromise the quality of my work by 'phoning it in' as they say."
Scott's voice was tremulous in the echo of the catacombs. The lamplight flickered as he gestured with his arm at the narrow corridor lined from ceiling to floor with recesses, most of them filled with the mummified dead.
Anthony could barely suppress his flinch of shock. They thought that he was one of the generals. Thank Sol. They had not yet found out. The blond continued, turning the head in his hands around and around.
He studiously ignored as the tingle turned into a throb, keeping his attention of the Advisor currently droning on about the latest incursions. His sharp mind snagged on one detail and he raised his gauntleted hand. The advisor immediately fell silent, as did the rest of the war room. He turned his sharp brown eyes to the map floating above his war table.
He'd just sealed the jacket into an evidence bag when Gibbs strode in, ever present cup of coffee in hand, NCIS cap pulled low over his eyes. Tony looked at his boss carefully. Cap pulled low, stern mouth in a thin line, bags under his eyes, death grip on the pour coffee cup.
Shikamaru fell into things quite easily. Naruto had walked up to the Jounin in a deserted alley just off the Hokage Tower and pressed him against the wall, kissing him deeply until they were both moaning. Kiba had watched from his perch on fence nearby, grinning as the taller nin had blushed red at having been kissed so enthusiastically.
"I'm fine. And I'm home and safe. Go to sleep Growly wolf. We have a big day tomorrow."
The blond tilted his head. “Surely the Iron King himself values his general’s lives.”
After checking the room, she went straight for the closet, pulling out the crushed velvet, burgundy track suit with watching custom, burgundy adidas kicks. They were baggy on her but that's how they were supposed to look. She pulled a black beanie over her head and ears, tipping a burgundy NYC ball cap over that.
"How's it going? You get the new diagnostic machine up and working again?"
Hands reached for the collar, flicking it up against the rain and Tony looked up into clear grey eyes. Pride looked like he wanted to say something but one of his agents hailed him so he guided Tony into a sheltered doorway and, with an admonition not to move from the spot, went back to the crime scene.
As he dismounted the bike and carefully took off his helmet, he saw the new laugh lines around the eyes, the soft flyaway hair; the relaxed slump of those broad shoulders.
He’d had different plans for tonight, with the world coming to an end and all. One final movie night full of food, family and a hilariously tasteless marathon of movies like Deep Impact, Night of the Comet and Armageddon. There would be Melissa’s overstuffed empanadas, pizza and greasy burgers for his dad, extra bacon; and one of those huge, body sized bag of Cheetos for Scotty because his bestie loved the stuff with a werewolf passion.
He'd almost expected to see a collar on the pretty young man, despite Penelope's assurance that Sub was unattached. Surely some Dom would have snapped a beautiful young thing like him by now.
The geeks in charge of Hydroponics were in near hysterics that the deluge of rain would upset the pH balance of their gardens but with the extra ZPMs in place, the city had been able to show them how to secure the gardens.
She took his hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "All he cared about was getting you to safety. He's been at you bedside every free minute his has. Carson eventually had to give him a bed in here so that he would sleep."
We'll see soon enough. LOL.
"I don't want to hear it DiNozzo." Gibbs' voice was strident as the elevator doors opened.
It was the kind of love his parents had, if his father spoke true. A love beyond all else, beyond time and the bounds of mortality. A love spoken of in soft tones by the fire, Stiles snug in his father's lap. The steady beat of his heart against Stiles' ear, the soft lilt of his voice when he spoke of the song that all heart stones sang deep in the Dragon's caves.
Stiles laughed freely and Scott's scandalized face.
Tony wanted to kiss him so bad, he yearned for it. In fact, he wanted nothing more than for Lamar to invite him into his apartment. Into his arms and his bed. That didn't exactly happen but the doctor did lean over and give him a chaste kiss to the corner of his mouth. Tony licked at the spot, making the other man's brown eyes widen as he went pink.
The connection cut abruptly, leaving the room in utter silence.
Even though Tsunade hadn't said anything outright, Shika was usually correct in his interpretations. And if he was, that meant Naruto was going to be back and in his arms sometime within the next two days. Kiba closed his eyes and inhaled, letting the scent of sweet grass, the musk of his lover, the smell of sweaty dog and the iron of lost and broken weapons fill his senses until restful sleep came.
When Tony met Erik, he'd been driving through the pre-dawn deserted streets Oakland, sobbing as he sang along loudly and off key  to Patsy Kline's Crazy. He'd started off with Lizzo's Truth Hurts but somehow his playlist had skipped and Patsy's crooning filled the car.
Ronon tipped his head up and kissed him deeply, catching those blue eyes with his so that the genius would know who serious he was.
Reaper snorted, shaking his head as he shrugged out of his shoulder holster. “Nah. I’m thinking more about connecting at a more instinctual level.”
He rested his hand against his father's chest and bowed his head, grief welling up inside him until it took his breath away. The warmth of Scott's hand on his shoulder allowed him to push the emotion down enough to get the job done.
FoloxitinB most likely. He hadn’t been able to build up an immunity to it as yet considering how hard it was to procure and how expensive it was to source, it had seemed more of a hassle than anything to do so. He regretted it now. Determined bounty hunters usually had a dart or two in their arsenal when going after the big jobs. And Richard B. Riddick was one of the biggest.
Trust the zombie apocalypse to occur when Xander was clear across the United States of America. As far from Sunnydale as he could have possibly been without crossing the Atlantic. In fact, he hadn’t even expected anything like this.
Anthony nodded just as another explosion boomed from deep within the burning fortress. “We’ve managed to secure the main conduit, locking off the feedback to the other forges. The rest of the grid is holding and I’ve doubled security measures at the remaining forges.”
And with those disquieting words, he melted back into the dark of the tunnel and disappeared on silent feet; leaving Anthony standing alone and strangely cold, surrounded on all sides by his enemies.
It was why he had to take his father's stone over the cliffs while it still glowed. He had to go into Dragon Country and find the caves of the mighty creatures and set his father's stone amongst them so sing forever, in tune with his mother's whose stone surely still glowed and sung.
First step. Know thy Enemy.
A local costumer had helped make the blue gingham dress with lace trim and the white blouse with puff sleeves and blue ribbon detail. There were even matching blue socks and hair ribbons.
"Ah, Mr. Reid. Thank you for waiting."
"Put the damn thing on, Tony, you look like a drowned rat. And this rain can't be doing your lungs any good either."
Stiles was alive, safe and in his arms. He was happy. His wolf was happy. The pale moonlight painted the room stunning silver.
Not to mention the hordes of savage undead around every frikkin’ corner.
"Mourn your dead. Celebrate them. But do not seek to join the so quickly." He looked among them , catching their eyes as they sat up straighter, stronger, less broken. "Ours was never an easy life. The Deep Forest was as nurturing as it was deadly. It may have been our home but it is not who we are as a people."
“Yeah” Derek shrugged. “Really.”
The male before him was known to most as ‘Reaper’. Choppy brown hair, handsome face with a hard body; he was dressed in custom gear and armed to the teeth. His sister and partner, a blond known as the ‘Doc’, was the brains to her brother’s brawn. It wasn’t confirmed whether or not she was a real doctor healer but there were stories he’d heard that made even him wary of her.
"You know I have to do this for my dad." Stiles huffed softly, turning down the next corridor. "He did it for my mom and I need them to be together Scotty, no matter the risk."
"You heard me. No." his fingers flew across the laser keyboard beneath the dark, smoked glass of his executive desk. "And don't try threaten to sic Agent Agent with his handy taser on me. It's not going to change my mind."
Stiles laughed.
Rodney led the team to open and flush all the water collections and treatment facilities, dedicating one of the ZPMs to the effort. When asked for his reasoning, he explained how not only would concentrating on that area help them with their potable water problems but it would help flush the miles and miles of old systems under the city.
So, as thanks for making himself available after working hours, Tony invited the man to a late dinner. Lamar had readily agreed, tugging on an actual tweed jacket and knitted scarf against the nights chill. Tony took him to one of the quieter, lesser known places he frequented and they ate light, it being almost midnight when they finally left the museum.
So, the earth wasn’t coming to an end after all.
He hesitated before stripping out of his under suit. It was the last thing he had from his armor and he already felt so very vulnerable. Still, he hadn’t washed in over two days and the suit was sticking to his skin uncomfortably. He growled and stripped it off, baring his shoulders to the cold. He shivered as he shimmied out of the leggings and squatted before the bucket. He’d never had such a crude bath before but he quickly worked out the mechanics of it and scrubbed himself clean. There was a rough towel to dry his skin and he slipped into the clothes provided. The sleeves were long and he rolled them up so that he could clean his under suit as best he could. Satisfied that it was as clean as he could get it, he hung it carefully near the heater to dry, planning to put it back on under his clothes when it did.
No one in the village ever saw the Witch again.
Thankfully, the man agreed to give Ewan a ride to town in his old VW Jetta and they trundled off, Ewan turning to look back at his friends one more time. Jake was frowning, standing in the open car door as Eugené pulled her head back into the back seat. Candy was already in the car, gunning the engine impatiently.
As the comet streaked across the sky, lighting it up as bright as day, its tail a spectacular show of blues, purples, whites, and fiery yellows and oranges. Stiles could only stare, transfixed as the heavenly body slowly made its way across the sky. Holy fuck, his mind was officially blown.
Shikamaru smelt like ink, grass and sweat, no doubt having just gotten off his shift at Hokage Tower and spent some time training. He smelt like barbeque where he'd likely had lunch with Choji. He smelt like Ino's flowers and kunai polish. He smelled like the warmth of the sun and the cold of his famous shadows.
He watched coldly as they stripped the Legionnaire of its battery pack and shot it with one of the strange weapons that emitted the blue light. He would not show these penumbra scum emotions. He would not be weak before the enemy. They then turned to him, guns trained on his head and chest, before stripping him of his stolen cloak and all of his tech; leaving him in only the under suit.
Erik nodded as he finished joining the last wire on the circuit. "Yeah, thanks for looking at it for me. The guy who usually troubleshoots it charges me an arm and a leg every time. Turns out having a gorgeous partner with a genius IQ and a masters in engineering is a blessing to the overhead on this place."
