Cas frowns and sits up from where he had been nestled between Dean's legs. "I want you to be happy, Dean. I have no expectations about anything physical that we might do." It’s a nice thing to say but he says it in a really bitchy way, like he can bully Dean into having high self esteem or something.
And every once in a while a local sheriff would get it into his head to finally lock him up, but he'd always slip away, sometimes with a well-placed smile, and sometimes with a lock pick and a mean right hook. And the next night he’d be in another town, knocking back whiskeys and cozying up with an easy pick of a girl under his arm. Lately, he'd heard of a new sheriff on his tail, and when he rode into Dodge City one night and saw the wanted posters with his face on them by the corral he left Baby at, he grinned, sly and slick.
“Hold on to me,” Cas murmurs, and Dean slides his arms around Cas’ shoulders, ready, his heart rate picking back up.
a stripe up the crease, pulling a high-pitched sound out of Dean that he’s never heard himself make before. Cas’ tongue is so soft and wet against his hole, licking and circling the over-sensitive skin there, making Dean bury his whimpers into his elbow.
They sit on the sand to watch the ocean and Dean entwines their fingers together. In Castiel's ears, the sound of Dean’s heartbeat is louder than the ocean, but he makes himself listen to the waves anyway, the slow steady crashing.
And then Dean doesn't know what makes him say it, except that something about Cas always pulls honesty out of him, even against his will. "I know you want to fuck me so what are you complaining about?"
Dean acquiesces, looking over his shoulder at Cas’ face as Cas lubes up his dick. He feels a little bit of anxiety but not much. Cas has big hands, long fingers; he figures three of those inside him isn’t that much smaller than a dick. Then he thinks about how he’s going to have a dick in his ass and panics for a second, but he reminds himself that he wants this, that he’s allowed to want it. His heart beats a little faster in his chest in anticipation.
Dean looks at the messages for a second, makes a face, and then closes the screen so he won't be tempted to check for a response. He sees Sam eyeing him and ducks back into the car. He needs a fucking drink.
They don’t sleep together every night, and on the nights that Cas isn’t there, Dean stays awake and thinks about the things Cas says to him, turns them over and over in his head. There are more and more days where he doesn't feel like a piece of shit, heavy with guilt. He doesn't feel good exactly, he just feels...okay, neutral in a way that feels like a relief after years and years of feeling like shit. He thinks maybe Cas' earnest words have been sinking in bit by bit, slowly filling in the emptiness inside him.
It's a more difficult angle but Cas gets his hands under Dean's thighs and hoists him onto the cabinet. Dean shoves away the vestments that were laid out on top of the cabinet to give himself room and leans back on his hands.
He’s never felt less so in his life, half-naked on a vestment cabinet with his shirt rucked up and his dick hanging out, sweaty and flushed, but he only rolls his eyes a little and pulls Cas in by his tie to kiss him. He keeps a hand curled around Cas’ neck as he watches him pour out more holy oil to slick up his dick. He takes the time to run his thumb along Cas’ jaw, drag it through the stubble there, and press it against the bow of Cas’ bottom lip, watching his eyes, his lips, his hand on his own dick. Cas lets him touch for a moment and then nips at his thumb; Dean pulls it away, grinning.
,” Dean says, idly playing with one of Cas’ nipples. “But you know, you’re not really supposed to wear pink as a guy. Or panties.” It sounds stupid when he says it out loud, but he doesn’t know how to explain the weight of all the rules that exist, unspoken but real.
"Yes," Cas says finally, gesturing with his hand to lower the flames so he can walk up to them. "Kushiel is a good soldier. It is possible that his mind can be changed on this matter, or we may be able to assign him to work that does not take him near humans."
The sheriff looked down at Dean with an eyebrow raised, studying him. He reached out a hand to cup Dean’s chin and swiped a thumb along his lower lip, slick and wet. He pressed past Dean’s lips and ran his thumb along the edge of Dean’s front teeth, as though he was inspecting an animal. Dean kept his tongue behind his teeth, forcing himself not to reach out to lick.
But Cas is looking at him with satisfied eyes, the corner of his mouth turned up the tiniest little bit.
Dean shivers when he feels Cas touch an oil-slick finger to his hole. The holy oil doesn’t feel any different from regular oil or lube of course, but there’s still something that feels blasphemous about using it this way, about
“Get out of here, man,” Dean mutters, and Castiel watches the logarithmic curve of his mouth. Dean tilts a brown bottle into his empty glass and does not look back at him, so Castiel leaves.
Dean grimaces. Why is this so difficult? “What, like you want to just trade handjobs and blowjobs forever? Of course you want to do more.”
Sam raises his eyebrows when Dean doesn’t continue and walks to the kitchen island where Dean is standing with his stupid salad. He leans his elbows on the counter and looks at Dean, waiting. Dean grimaces and looks away; he could never handle the puppy dog eyes.
He actually sounds abashed, which is what makes Dean toss the rag down and finally look up. Cas meets his eyes this time which, Dean reflects, is a fucking improvement.
Dean pushes himself up and leans forward to run his thumb along Cas’ cheek, soft against the stretch of his lips. Cas looks up at him through his eyelashes and Dean’s heart jumps in his chest. For a second, he does nothing, unwilling to break the moment, and then he pushes gently at Cas’ shoulder so that Cas pulls off and looks at him, blinking.
Dean tried to focus on the rush of heat the words caused inside him but he was stupidly distracted by the loose grip Cas had on his wrists. It was taking him out of the moment. A sheriff should have a better hold on a prisoner; he could twist away easily. He cleared his throat and gave Cas a meaningful look, then tried to glance backwards at his wrists. Cas looked confused again.
The sheriff had both of Dean’s wrists in one hand now, and with his other hand, he used Dean’s gun to push Dean’s hat off so it fell to the ground. He slid the cold metal of the barrel along Dean’s flushed, exposed neck. He tap-tap-tapped it on the curve of Dean's jaw, and used it to lift his chin so Dean could look him in the eye. Sheriff Cas looked pleased, a little smug, his gaze heavy lidded and dark.
One night, a long while later, Dean leans back against his headboard and watches Cas suck his dick with undemanding devotion. Cas takes his time, cheeks hollowing out when he takes him in, hand gentle on the base. Sometimes, when they do this, Dean forgets that there’s even a world outside them, that everything hasn’t just narrowed to Cas’ touch on his skin.
He doesn't hear a response from Cas so he turns around to look at him. Cas is looking down at Kushiel with his face tight and his fists clenched. He looks angry but there's something else in his expression too, something that looks a little like shame.
He swallowed and made himself walk to the bar, trying not to let it show. “Ain’t a crime for a guy to get a drink around here now, is it?” he drawled.
“Cas is planning your meals now?” Sam asks over his shoulder as he digs in the fridge for the protein shake he made last night.
"Just," Sam takes a breath and turns in his seat to look at him full in the face. "If there's anything you want to talk about, I’m here for you.”
Cas pops his mouth off Dean’s dick and stares at him. "I never said I wanted to put a finger in you," he says slowly, and then stops and tilts his head. "Do you want me to put a finger in you?"
"Are you even enjoying this?" Cas asks him after, sitting on the bed and looking down at him with a little frown.
“I think I can manage that,” says Cas easily, as he slides his arm under Dean’s left knee and lifts it to open him up. That’s another thing Dean appreciates about Cas—he doesn’t like to waste much time.
The sheriff withdrew his hand and finally, finally, began unbuckling his belt. He spoke as he worked, and Dean struggled to split his attention between the words he was saying and the deft hands undoing clothing, opening buttons.
Perhaps if he was human, this would be disconcerting to him. But he has centuries of practice in observation.
Dean lets out a grunt of frustration but breathes deep and lets his body adjust again to the intrusion. Cas keeps making them do this until he's halfway in, slowly pushing and waiting, leaving wet kisses along Dean's shoulders and neck, their breaths growing shorter and louder in the quiet room. Dean doesn't know how Cas is controlling himself so much and he's about to tell him to just go for it already when he suddenly hears a strange high-pitched sound coming from the wall by the lamp. It takes him a second to realize and then he grasps Cas' wrist and squeezes.
He sees Cas rolling his eyes as he picks up Dean’s jeans and boxers off the floor to hand to him. As Dean gets dressed, Cas does his pants back up and moves to rearrange the vestments back on top of the cabinet that Dean had pushed them off from earlier and then frowns, a finger on the fabric.
Kushiel points a finger at Dean and out of the corner of his eye, Dean sees Sam start and look at him. But Dean’s heard enough. He steps over the low barrier of flames and socks Kushiel in the jaw, a one punch knockout, pleased with the way he collapses with a satisfying thunk.
“You sure you want this guy back, Cas? What a piece of work,” he calls over his shoulder while poking Kushiel with his shoe to make sure he’s actually out.
Dean eyes the lube Cas squeezes into his hand. It seems like an awful lot for just one finger. Maybe Cas misunderstood what he wanted...he starts to feel himself tense up again. But when Cas tosses the bottle and finally touches him, it’s only to wrap his hand around their cocks between them, the slick slide of their skin pulling a gasp out of Dean. Cas has a smile on his face that could almost be called smug but Dean can’t even care right now, his eyes are almost rolling back in his head at the rhythm Cas is keeping, the way he squeezes his fingers just before he runs them over the heads, the way heat builds and builds all through his body. Dean grasps the back of Cas’ neck with half a mind to pull him into another kiss but he can’t focus so he just holds on instead, his mind a haze of arousal.
Now, Dean is laid out in front of him, bare skin golden in the lamp light, and Castiel thinks that he will never have enough time in his immortal life to watch all of this. Dean is a revelation. There are new freckles that have appeared on his face since the last time Castiel counted them. There are the taut lines of his muscles, tense in his nervousness. There is the clean scent Castiel breathes in when he dips his head down to Dean’s chest.
Suddenly, there was a hand in his hair, pulling his head back to bare his throat. A gasp escaped Dean, his eyes sliding closed half in pleasure, half in pain. He was powerless, safe in surrender, and as that thought went through his mind, his erection throbbed against the seam of his pants. He waited for the expected sound of a belt buckle opening, but instead startled when something cold and metallic pressed against his half-opened lips. He opened his eyes to see the silver glint of his own gun.
"Sorry—shit," Dean says, pulling them back into their lane. His heart is racing. He sees up ahead a sign for an exit and beelines for it immediately, foot heavy on the gas. "Need coffee."
He trails his hand across Dean’s chest toward his shoulder. And here is where the brand remains on Dean's soul, where Castiel had been forced to grip him, when Dean had fought him during his own rescue, full of grief and anger and confusion. Castiel had healed the outer scar, but the mark will remain a part of Dean forever.
Cas says nothing. He just leans forward with his hands on the mattress on either side of Dean’s hips and does that thing where he stares at him, through him.
Dean winks at Castiel when they trap him inside the metal bunker. And then he asks Castiel to kill him.
Not all the angels are on board though and sometimes one goes rogue. Dean and Sam help Cas track down Kushiel, who’s started smiting humans. Kushiel seems to be attacking anyone who’s committed some kind of sin, no matter the severity, so the body count he’s racked up includes a couple of adulterers, three abusive boyfriends, and a kleptomaniac. They corner him in a warehouse on the outskirts of Omaha, knock him around a little, and trap him in a circle of holy fire while Sam slaps the handcuffs they found in the bunker on him. Kushiel doesn’t exactly go quietly, and lashes out at Cas while he’s trapped.
“We didn’t use a condom,” Cas reminds him, leaning down to kiss the corner of his mouth. “We’ll make a mess.”
When Cas finally presses a finger into him, it's almost a relief, a balm on his sparked-up skin. Cas takes his time—he always takes his time—stretching him open, until Dean is boneless beneath him. Every once in a while, Cas places a kiss or a gentle bite along the curve of his ass and it’s weird how it all makes Dean feel taken care of, all romantic and shit, a thoroughly foreign feeling. Dean turns his head on his pillow to look past his shoulder at Cas and catches his eyes, glinting in the dark. He reaches a hand back to brush against the stubble at Cas’ chin, and Cas opens his mouth for him immediately. He slides a finger into Cas’ wet mouth, into the softness there, moves it slowly in and out, and it takes him a moment to realize he’s matching the rhythm of Cas’ fingers inside him, the both of them in sync.
It makes Dean start to relax slowly, especially when Cas moves up his body, his hands sliding behind Dean’s back to hold him in a loose embrace, staying far away from his ass. Cas kisses his eighth rib, then his third, then the flat plane of his sternum. He spends time on Dean's right nipple, kissing and sucking and Dean finds himself stretching his tense body out, one hand curving around Cas' back, the other sliding through his hair. By the time Cas comes up to kiss his mouth, he’s forgetting to feel humiliated about their conversation.
The truth is, he’s always felt a kinship to all the slutty college girls looking for hookups in bars, the girls who spread it for skin mags or video cameras. He’s been that girl, in the slutty way if not the college way, and especially in the way that he never took the time to think about the things he really wanted because he was so eager to take any validation he could get. He gets what Cas has been trying to get him to do, the way Cas pushes him to think about what he wants for himself, and not just about what will get the other person to want him. It’s hard though, to unlearn what’s been ingrained in him, from years and years of conditioning about the value of his own sacrifices.
In a flash, Dean pulled his gun from the holster hidden at his hip, flipped it and pointed it at the sheriff. The sheriff froze suddenly, looking from the gun to Dean, a confused look coming over his face.
Cas hums into his neck and finally pulls back, and with the glow of Cas' healing magic, the mess on their clothes and between Dean’s legs disappears.
In the morning, Dean doesn’t freak out but examines himself wonderingly in the mirror instead, cataloguing the dark bruising kisses Cas left on the curve of his shoulders, the small finger marks on his hip, the comfortable ache of his ass. He’s never belonged anywhere, not really, and certainly not to any one, but Cas from the beginning had left his mark on him, and it makes him feel grounded in a way, held calm and steady. Cas watches him from the bed with eyes dark with desire and doesn’t run away either, so Dean crawls back under the sheets to kiss him.
“Well, most of the sex was very boring to watch,” Cas tells him in a reassuring tone. He pauses then, and asks, “Are you cooking something? What are you making?”
The initial wave of relief Dean feels at seeing Cas come home is quickly overcome by anger, by frustration at the three days of radio silence. He feels himself tense up under the hood of the car and doesn't look up when Cas parks the truck and walks to him.
Dean opened eagerly, relishing the slide of that silky smooth skin, the solid weight he’d been missing on his tongue. The sheriff put both hands on Dean to hold him in place as he pushed in, stopping halfway to let Dean adjust. He pulled out a little and then back in, small slow thrusts that let Dean make use of his tongue, licking the delicate head, soft and hard at once.
Dean gives him a stink eye as he pours a healthy amount of ranch dressing into the bowl, covering up the two types of lettuce, cherry tomatoes, and dried cranberries. It looks disgusting.
Dean moans into Cas’ mouth and lets Cas maneuver him back down onto the bed and roll him over onto his stomach. He pillows his head on his crossed arms and feels his toes curl as Cas sucks wet kisses into the base of his spine. Cas makes his way lower and lower as he palms Dean's ass possessively and Dean huffs out a breath in anticipation. What he doesn’t expect is for Cas to spread his cheeks and
Dean had turned back to Sam and laughed in relief. "It's fine, dummy, what are you so scared of? We'll clean it up."
“Castiel,” he agrees, and holds tight to Cas' iron bicep and gasps into his neck as he comes, without either of their hands on his dick, and his ass clenching around Cas' dick pulls him over too. Dean opens his eyes to see Cas' eyes glow blue as Cas draws on his grace for strength to keep them both upright, while pumping and pumping the last of himself into Dean.
Dean takes a step into the room and Cas turns at the sound, his face collapsing into a frown. He takes another step in, and another, until he's kneeling down in front of Cas and pulling the remote from his hand to mute the tv.
But this isn't just about sometimes looking at a dude's ab muscles in porn, or having a couple of dreams about Clint Eastwood in a cowboy hat, or trading handjobs with a stranger in a bathroom stall (he was seventeen and the guy had offered him $50; what was he going to do, say no?). This thing with Cas is way too real for him to dismiss, way too heavy with meaning and consequence. And he hates to say it, but it still throws him sometimes that he’s having these thoughts about a dude, and not some pretty dark-haired chick in a sundress, like the kind he thought he could have settled down with the few times he had even dared to dream of something like that.
"Okay," Dean says, baffled. Maybe Sam’s been listening to too many meditation podcasts again, who knows with that kid.
= 1. An infinite plane divided by one line consists of two regions. Substituting 1 into the formula gives
After, Dean closes his eyes and leans his cheek against Cas' thigh. He feels a little dizzy and Cas is so solid under him.
“—escaping lockup, the horse thefts in Omaha, but now I’ve got you,” the sheriff said with satisfaction and stopped moving.
Castiel says that to him sometimes, whispers in his ear, “You’re beautiful,” as he teases his soft earlobe and mouths at the perfect line of his jaw.
“I think you enjoyed that a little too much,” the sheriff said in his low voice, with the tiniest hint of a twang. Dean’s gut twisted pleasantly. “Don’t think you learned your lesson yet.”
, Dean thinks, a whine of panic rising and falling in his mind, his heart racing suddenly. He doesn't know why but his pillowcase is wet where he has his face pressed to it. Deep within himself is an unarticulated thought he's always felt, pushing its way to the surface, the panic that takes over whenever someone he loves leaves, the feeling that makes him clutch at Cas' arm even as he turns away from him.
“You got a lot of nerve showing up here, Winchester,” the sheriff growled out in a low voice that made Dean’s mouth go dry, made him falter in his step.
It helps that Cas still seems to have very little context for human norms and behavior, even after so many years on Earth. Dean thinks he could say almost anything to Cas and get barely a blink from him. He tells Cas one night in the vulnerability of post-orgasm about trying on Rhonda Hurley’s pink panties, about the thrill he’d felt, and how soft they were, but Cas just squints at him.
Dean chucks his jeans to the side and finds the bottle of oil where he had dropped it earlier. He pushes it into Cas’s palm and turns to face the cabinet, leaning over it on his elbows and sticking his ass out, ready, beyond ready.
“The famous Dean Winchester, on his knees in my town, with a $5000 price on his head,” Sheriff Cas was saying while pulling his shirt tails out of his pants. Dean looked at the zipper sliding down and then up at the sheriff’s face, and licked his lips. “They call you the uncatchable outlaw, did you know that?”
“I remade your body, Dean,” Cas says quietly, keeping up his punishing rhythm. “I know where everything is.”
Cas glances at him. “It’s not something I believe any more, Dean. Over the years, I've come to understand that our father created humans not to be lesser than us. What humans lack in power, they make up for with their art, their creativity, their ingenuity. As angels, we were never taught to recognize these as intellect, as something we ourselves lacked. Unfortunately, many of my brothers still don't understand this.”
And there below Dean’s collarbone is his tattoo, another protection. When Castiel remade him, he healed every part of his body, cleared every scar and broken bone, made every inch of him new, but he stopped at the tattoo, and painstakingly replaced the dark lines, because Dean had chosen it for himself.
Dean glares at him one more time for good measure and then jerks his head to the bench by the wall where he sometimes lays his tools out. Cas ambles over but Dean takes his time reattaching the cables he’d disconnected and closing Baby’s hood. He wipes his hands on the greasy rag as best as he can and tosses it into the box he keeps by the door and finally walks over to the bench to sit down heavily beside Cas. Cas watches him the whole time.
He waited until Dean looked up at him, uncertain, and then pushed in, further than before, huge and solid in the back of Dean’s throat before he pulled out again. Dean took in a breath in the pause and let his jaw go slack, open and inviting as Cas began to fuck his mouth in earnest. Sometimes he looked up at Cas, and sometimes he had to slide his eyes closed, overwhelmed, his senses narrowing to the wet sounds they were making filling his ears, the sensation of the thick girth of Cas’ cock violating the tight entrance of his throat, the gasp of his breath when Cas would stop to let him take one.
Cas moves his arms under Dean’s thighs and lifts him off the table with that superhuman angel strength and pulls him close, squeezes his ass and uses a hand to guide his dick to Dean’s opening. As Cas pushes in, Dean feels the stretch and burn and lets out a moan, long and low, face buried in Cas’ neck. Dean keeps an arm around Cas’ neck and grips Cas’ shoulder with his other hand, holding on as Cas rocks into him, filling him up slowly, wet with the slick of the oil. Cas pants into Dean’s neck when he bottoms out, and takes a moment to mouth at the underside of Dean’s jaw before starting to move again, rolling his hips against Dean’s ass, every movement making Dean grunt.
,” Dean gasps when Cas moves his finger a different way, interrupting his thoughts. A jolt of pleasure shoots through him, pulled from deep inside his core. He sees the curve of Cas’ small smile in the low light of the room, unmistakeable. Cas presses on the spot again and again, sending shudders through him, like nothing he’s felt before.
“I agree with you, Dean. But we angels were made to be soldiers, to fall in line,” Cas reminds him quietly. “We knew nothing but to obey.”
Dean licked his lips, cleared his throat, and leaned into Cas’ touch. It took him a moment to speak. "Yeah," he said, nodding, and then he added, "Keep the hat on," because Cas' hat had been knocked askew when he'd kissed Dean.
Dean huffs a surprised laugh against his lips and then melts, relaxing. Before he pulls away, he whispers, “One second,” and turns away to dig into his bedside table drawers. Castiel looks at his broad shoulders and runs a hand along the line of his spine. He has, still, so much more to explore.
It isn't until they're two hours into the drive back to the bunker that Dean realizes what Sam was hinting at and the steering wheel jerks in his grasp.
would know—,” Dean starts in frustration, and then pauses. Conversations with Cas sometimes make him feel like his brain is being stretched in too many directions. He hears what Cas is saying and it makes sense in the way that Cas sees the world but it doesn’t make any sense at all in the real world that Dean lives in so Dean has to somehow translate it back so it does make sense. He pulls back and tries to explain this to Cas but Cas just looks at him for a long moment. Finally, he rolls his eyes and sniffs.
“Dean,” Cas breathes in his ear, low and deep, but he hardly hears it, he’s so lost in sensation, the full-body touch of Cas all along his back, their legs tangled together, the fulcrum of pleasure inside him. His orgasm builds low inside his belly and spreads outward slowly, slowly, until he’s shaking with it, coming at last with an open-mouthed gasp and his face wet against the sheets.
“To lay with a human,” Cas says finally. “Is one of our worst sins. It’s base, like lowering yourself to copulate with an animal.”
Dean has walked up very close to him. He has encroached 23 centimeters into Castiel’s personal space. Here is another contradiction.
Cas slides up behind him, closes his arms around him, grips him tight. "When I held your soul in Hell, Dean," Cas says in his ear, too earnest to bear. "I knew even then how good you were. How full of love, how generous, how kind. But you are more than what you can do for others, Dean."
“Okay,” Dean says, not looking at him. He leans forward with his elbows on his knees and rubs at a grease stain he missed on his thumb. “So talk.”
Cas ends up rolling back in two days later. Dean's in the garage cleaning out Baby's battery terminals when the bay door cranks open and Cas' truck pulls up. Dean's been working in the garage a lot the last couple of days, not because he knew that this is the first place Cas would come in from. Definitely not for that reason.
"It is when you're wanted for seven train robberies, outlaw," Sheriff Cas snapped and took a step toward him.
“Handy,” Dean says, hopping off the cabinet. “How come you never do that when we need to clean up the kitchen, huh?”
He didn’t even sound out of breath. Dean tried to angle his head to take him in deeper, but the sheriff held him firmly as he thrust in. Dean’s hands twisted uselessly behind him, aching to wrap around Cas’ legs to set his own rhythm but he could do nothing except trust Cas, all of his faith in him.
Cas sighs and leans forward to reach down Dean's chest and rest his palm over where Dean knows his liver is. He sees the golden glow of Cas' healing power from behind his eyelids and feels the warmth of it, knows that Cas is cleaning out the scar tissue of his liver, the places where cirrhosis would have formed by this age. Dean feels tears squeezing out of his closed eyes. He doesn't deserve Cas, he knows. Despite what Cas tells him, it's the one thing he knows to be true.
Thankfully, Cas stops and switches hands, and the new angle is awkward enough that he has to go a lot slower, which gives Dean a reprieve. Cas’ new rhythm is steady but relaxed and as Dean’s heart rate eases, he draws Cas’ mouth in for that belated kiss. Cas uses his lubed up right hand to pull Dean's leg up higher on his hip but Dean is too loose-limbed to feel anxious about what’s coming. He feels Cas' hand reaching around him, the weight of Cas' wrist on the curve of his ass, and keeps his eyes on the blue glint of Cas' own, and bites his lip. When Cas' finger ghosts over his hole, he sucks in a breath, unable to help it. The sensation is so foreign, and the skin there so sensitive.
Cas bites him on the hip as a little punishment but then sits up and withdraws his fingers. He gives Dean a once-over with his eyebrow raised, evaluating. “Lie on your side,” he says. “No, with your back to me.”
And that’s it, one more twist of Cas’ finger and Dean’s done, he’s coming hard into Cas’ hand, all his senses whiting out, his whole body shaking and clenching around Cas. He’s never felt anything like that before,
One of the things that still surprises Dean is how filthy Cas kisses. Dean figures it's because Cas primarily learned how to kiss from porn and Dean himself but hey, he's not complaining. He lets Cas lick his mouth open and slide his tongue in, lets Cas press him against the cabinet, possessive and urgent. Cas' broad hands curve around his hips, palm his ass and slide under his shirt, warm against his skin. Dean feels Cas’ thumb run along the line of his hardening dick over the front of his jeans and breaks the kiss to gasp in a breath. Cas immediately takes the opportunity to duck his head and kiss Dean’s neck, nip at the skin there, the light touch of Cas' stubble scraping him and making him shiver.
He lays in the car for a while longer, feeling the alcohol leaving his system slowly, a headache coming on as the sky darkens around him. The stars are out by the time he convinces himself to stop being a little bitch and drive back to the bunker.
“I came to bring news about Heaven’s forces,” Castiel says, and Dean grimaces and turns away, as Castiel knew he would. He stalks to the desk on the other side of the room and throws himself into a chair. Something is twisting inside Castiel’s chest.
He flips a page and stares at Roxxxy Lee’s open mouth, running a finger along the line of her red lipstick. It makes him think about the other thing about being with Cas.
They're both out of breath when they separate, Cas gently setting him back down on the cabinet and pulling out of him, looking normal again, human again. Dean swipes his sweaty hair off his forehead as Cas leans over him and places soft kisses on his cheek, his jaw, the corner of his mouth.
"I would never," Cas lies solemnly, ducking his head down to place an open mouthed kiss to the crown of Dean's dick where it lays on his stomach.
Cas keeps one hand braced against the cabinet, and the other curved around Dean’s jaw, his thumb brushing along Dean’s cheekbone, soft and sweet. Dean knows Cas can feel his jaw working against his palm as he sucks his dick and the thought makes him hot; he can feel a flush rising on his own chest. He pulls off once to take a breath and say, because he can't help himself, “You know what would make this perfect? If you were in a priest getup right now.”
Cas smiled at this statement, but his expression fell after a moment. "Dean the empty… it's a dangerous enough place for celestial beings. It can't be good for humans. You shouldn't have come…its' not safe. I cannot let you get hurt on my account."
Dean nodded. Instantaneously, she disappeared. Dean looked down at the face of Cas, a face he knew so well.
"And I love you, Cas," Dean said, pulling him back into a kiss. This time, the kisses were fiercer and faster. Dean pushed his hand into Castiel's black hair, and the angel pulled him closer by the hem of his jacket. That sense of longing returned to the pit of Dean's stomach like a fire inside of him. Dean yanked on his tie, and Cas made a hoarse growl into Dean's lips. He bit Dean's bottom lip to signal his approval. Dean smiled as he began to unbutton Cas's starchy white shirt. With their tear-stained faces, the happy pair fell into another bout of sloppy, giggly kisses.
"CAS!" He started, "Please! If you can hear me, please give me a sign!" a beat of silence passed before a subtle whoosh made him freeze in his tracks.
"So get this," he stated, "The empty's door can be opened with one of Rowena's spells and enough power to keep it open."
Later, Sam prepared him and Dean a plate full of eggs and bacon. Dean had made them toast and poured them both a glass of orange juice. It still felt so surreal that they were here in the bunker after yesterday's events. Alive.
Sam, now even more confused, asked, "I'm not following..happy? This wasn't exactly what I would call 'a happy situation' for you all, Dean."
Dean's stomach twisted. Cas didn't deserve torture. And it made him sick to think he was responsible for all the torture material in his head. Grimacing, he spoke up, "Look, I'm sorry you're awake. I understand you're angry. But Cas…he doesn't deserve this. It's not right." he pleaded,  "Listen, Chuck, he's gone now, he probably promised to tuck you in and kiss you good night if you took out Cas, right? Well, we beat him. Anything he said he could give you...he can't anymore!" He paused, hoping he sounded convincing, "But Jack... he's the new God. He can put you to sleep once he's fully charged from saving the world. Unless you keep Cas. I doubt he's gonna let you sleep with him rotting away in here."
"The only thing we need to do the spell would be angel grace, and since you're not technically an archangel anymore and we don't have Cas…" Sam started.
Cas smiled back, with the rare, toothy smile he did on occasion when he was truly happy. And for the first time in years, he was. Glassy-eyed, Dean leaned near to Castiel's face, closer than he'd ever been before. Castiel could count each freckle on Dean's tanned skin. His smile faltered a bit to nervousness, as did Dean's. Slowly, they tilted their heads and moved even closer, feeling the heat of each other's breath on their skin. Their lips parted a bit, and they fell into one another. It was a long, slow passionate kiss, one they both had wanted longer than they could ever know. They pulled apart to look at each other and smiled. Dean chuckled, and Cas looked down, blushing. Then, he noticed Dean's jacket with the bloody handprint he'd left on his chest the day The Empty took him. His eyes softened even more if that was possible. He lay his hand over the stain, and Dean stopped laughing to look.
Dean threw Cas a flustered, angry look, "You're telling me you would've lived with this on your chest until--until what? I died, and you didn't have to see me anymore?"
"Well, whenever I asked them, they said it would be, and I quote, 'ten times better than whatever the hell you call a Winchester-surprise."
"What I did to Mary…" Jack started with tears stinging his eyes, "is my biggest regret on earth. I've already apologized to her up here."
"No, no, it's fine," he forced a chuckle, "You're right. We haven't really talked about this yet. Hell, I've hardly had a chance to think through it all myself.." He said, trying to sound as masculine and unaffected as he could. He took a sip of his drink to wet his suddenly dry mouth and sucked his teeth. Why was it so hard for him to get these words out?
"Cas, it's Dean, please…" His voice became shaky, "Please, Cas I-I…need you." But Cas still did not move. Dean pressed his forehead to the angel's, letting the tears which had been building for days finally fall.
Jack's smile faltered. "The first thing I did once I got up to heaven was try to reach him… I'm afraid my power isn't strong enough yet to reach the empty."
"Here's the grace," Dean said, leaving the small vile of glowing bluish-white liquid on the table, "I'm gonna go get some weapons out of Baby, be right back."
Sam swallowed. "I don't know, Dean, your best friend, confessed that he's been in love with you for years before sacrificing himself to The Empty. I'm just trying to understand your side. I'm asking: do you having feelings for Cas?"
"Son of a bitch! Sam and Jack: they're holding this whole thing open. We gotta go. Now!" They scrambled out of their embrace and to their feet. Cas, though, was too weak to walk. Dean slung his arm over his shoulder to offer himself as a crutch. They started running towards the direction that Dean began from. After a while, a bright light appeared in the distance. Dean knew that was it: the portal to the bunker.
"I DONT KNOW!" Dean shouted; the words were loud, but that's not why they startled him. No, no, he didn't think about Cas like that; he just couldn't.
"No...a lot on my mind," Dean answered with a sniff, trying to hide all signs of tears that were there only moments ago. He hated having 'chick-flick' moments.
"Yeah, I only slept for an hour or so... I'm glad Eileen, Bobby, and the rest of the hunters are okay but, there's still a lot to think about," Sam said, grasping the whiskey bottle and pouring himself and Dean a glass. Dean hadn't even realized he never poured himself a drink, which was very unusual. He had to get out of whatever this funk was.
"Hey, kid…we uh…we need you down here," He attempted to pray out loud. Then, the lights flickered in the bunker, and Jack appeared in front of them.
Eileen slapped his forearm, "That rule is no fun, Sam," She said, pulling him into a kiss of their own.
Unable to rest, he slung his bowed-legs out of his bed, untangling them from his sheets and blankets, careful not to wake the sleepy dog at the end of his bed. He walked barefoot through the halls of the bunker, his feet setting a gentle rhythm against the polished floors. He made it to the main room, where he and Sammy did most of the research for their hunts. He grabbed a crystal glass and a large bottle of Jack Daniels from the shelf and plopped into his regular chair at the end of the table. He gazed down at the table to where a small lamp leaked yellow light over his family's carved initials. Tonight, there were more names than usual. He and Sammy had added the names 'Castiel' and 'Jack' underneath their own.
Cas was so utterly shocked to see Dean, he was speechless. Dean smiled so widely that his cheeks hurt.  He laughed and cried simultaneously, pulling Cas into a tight hug.
Dean prodded off to the garage and opened the door. Turning on the lights, He laid eyes on the glossy black beauty that was Baby, His '67 Chevy Impala.
Jack stood up and nodded in the direction of each Winchester. He took a deep breath in and outstretched his arms. He closed his eyes for a beat and then opened them to reveal yellow, glowing irises. Suddenly a black gash of liquid spilled, seemingly out of the air. It did not fall to the floor but grew outward, stretching its inky reaches broader and wider. Dean's jaw tightened. He recognized this. This is what swallowed up Cas. This is what took Cas from him. It was empty. This determined him more. Sam cleared his throat and started speaking Enochian, chanting one of Rowena's ancient spells. The bowl suddenly caught fire, glowing that same angel-grace blue. Sam finished the spell and walked to his brother. "Please, come back alive." He said tearfully,
"Fine," Dean chuckled. "Jack!" Dean pray-yelled up to his son, "Ass down in ten! Dinner! No skipping this time!"
"You're a hell of a kid, Jack," Dean said, suddenly feeling a weight in his stomach: guilt again. "Speaking of which, I owe you an apology."
Sam studied the book more, "Mostly. We need some angel grace, but…it looks like the real catch is…Jack has to hold the door open, so there's enough power to operate…and I would have to keep fueling the spell for the door to stay open…that means you'd have to go into the empty…alone." silence followed.
After Dean and Sam washed up and Castiel, Eileen, and Jack set the table, it was time to eat. Sam and Dean recounted their hunt of the weekend and Cas and Eileen theirs. Then, Jack filled them in on all of heaven's news. "But Bobby and Rufus decided that fighting wasn't the answer." he lamented. They all chuckled.
"Yes. "Jack answered. "I was hoping once we got you back, you'd be open to helping me make heaven a better place. I've made a few changes already, but I'd still like to have your input."
"I thought after breakfast we could dig into some of the lore and see what we could find before summoning Jack," Sam said, sipping his juice.
Jack grinned, "Thank you. Chuck's heaven was not what I felt like humans deserved. I tried to make it better. I thought humans should all be together in heaven, so I've eliminated separate 'rooms.' Now, everyone is together. They can reunite with loved ones and make new friends, not just relive the memories of a time gone by."
"I just ordered our pizzas. I'm about to go pick them up, be back in twenty." He told them, grabbing his keys.
The first part of the drive was silent. Dean didn't know what to say, and Castiel didn't know where to start. They had already picked up the pizzas without saying a word to each other. On the drive back, Castiel decided to try to piece together a sentence:
"Sam," He said sternly, "He sacrificed himself for this whole world, for you, for Jack, for me…we can't leave him there." Sam knew he was right.
Dean nodded. "No…but Cas knew there was one thing he could do that would make him happy. He…" Dean trailed off, his voice growing weary from holding back tears.
"The angels were happy to give up their grace. Turns out Jack is one hell of a God." Jack smiled at the approval he felt from Dean.
"Music to my ears," Dean replied. Sam walked in after him and went to Eileen, kissing her on the cheek before laying a hand on her pregnant belly.
After a few minutes, Jack whooshed down. "Sorry, God-duties are keeping me busy. What are we having? Not the Winchester-surprise, I hope?"
"No, I'm not angry with you, dumbass. I'm angry because of the circumstances, Cas! You would've spent years not being honest, not being happy. And I'm supposed to just be okay with that? You sacrificed yourself for me, which you should have never done!" Dean said tearfully.
Dean's eyes widened at this affirmation. He thought it must have been a mistake...but Cas had just confirmed it, again. He felt embarrassed now, too, suddenly realizing he was holding Cas still, cradling his head. Then, the walls of the empty flickered.
Sam huffed as he rolled his eyes, "Yes, Dean, it's real. I didn't want to hear you whine about my turkey bacon again."
"Well, you definitely proved that when you sacrificed yourself for me." Dean said before he could stop himself.
Cas blushed, memories of his confession suddenly flooding back to him, "Dean, I—I had to save you, I didn't know what else to say."
"I spent days...thinking about you while you were gone..." Dean didn't really know where he was taking this, but he kept going all the same, "You probably don't know this, but every time I've...lost you...I feel like I'm lost too."
After they ate, they walked to the main room and started reading any and all lore books about The Empty they could find. There wasn't much to read, but they tried just the same. A couple hours into their research, Sammy spoke up,
"Absolutely," Dean answered. He was lying; of course, he had no idea why the empty was awake. He just had to get Cas back; that was the only thing on his mind. She looked down a moment before letting out a sharp sigh. She snapped, and suddenly Cas, in his dirty trench coat and cobalt blue tie, lay at her feet, asleep. Dean ran to him faster than he ever ran in his life, collapsing to the floor to scoop the sleeping angel into his arms. Dean looked up at the empty, confused.
"Well, Jack, I'd love to help you, and of course, I am happy to give all the advice I can muster now that you're running heaven," He said coyly, "But I--I wanted to ask something of you."
Dean nodded. "Probably a good idea. I wonder how the kids' managing the whole God-thing," he said, slipping Miracle a slice of bacon under the table.
Suddenly, Cas's face muscles stiffened before his eyelashes fluttered open, revealing those cobalt blue eyes which perfectly matched his tie. He had that familiar, confused look on his face. Dean feeling the sudden stiffening of muscles, lifted his head up. He looked at Cas with wide eyes before yelling, "Oh, my go—Cas! You're — you're alive!"
Dean let his tears fall now, "Yeah, well…I still allowed him to make me feel that way… I just hope someday, somehow you, Sam, everyone..can forgive me."
Dean nodded, "I thought you and I could head upstairs to get some while Sammy here prepares the spell."
Dean pulled over on the side of the desolate dirt road that led to the bunker, a vibrant, orange sunset blazing through the windshield, giving the two men's silhouettes a warm cast. He was too angry to argue with Cas and drive at the same time. He turned his body to face the angel.
"It's already done. Of course, I forgive you, Dean. You, Sam, Cas…you all have raised me, you've been better fathers than Lucifer ever could be." Jack said, tears making lines down his cheeks. Dean smiled between sobs.
Dean looked around. He had been up to heaven before, but it was somehow…different. What once felt so sterile and cold, now felt…warm? It felt like getting back to the bunker after a long hunting trip or waking up in the impala. It felt like...home. Dean smiled.
"It's not that simple. I've loved being an angel. But I'm tired of the endless years, the constant duty. The few years I've spent with you all...have been the best of my life. You all made me feel like I'm finally living. And I can't see myself trying to move on...after you guys are gone. Jack will be up in heaven, but an angel's work is never done, and I don't think I can do that anymore. I want to grow old with the Winchesters," He said, eyes lingering on Dean. Dean reached for Cas's hand under the table and squeezed. He couldn't believe Cas would give up being an angel to grow old with him and Sammy.
When Dean came to, he was in the empty. It was so different from anything he'd ever experienced. The only thing it vaguely reminded him of was hell. But at least in hell, there was something to fear, torturous demons, Lucifer, something. But here…there was nothing to haunt you but your own thoughts, slowly driving you to madness. It was so…desolate. He took a shaky step. Not even knowing where to go from here. For the first time since he'd come up with this plan, he was scared. He didn't know what the hell he was doing. But he trudged on, determined to find Cas. If not Cas, then anyone, anything.
"You are my vulnerability, too, Cas. I always thought that I was just a good soldier, a weapon of destruction. But you...you are the only person who has ever made me feel like I'm more than that...that I'm worth something. That I'm worth loving. " He said, sure that this was the most honest he had been with anyone in his life, "And I'm sorry that it took me so long to realize how important you are to me..."
"We're supposed to be working, you know," Dean tries again, though he's not sure why he's bothering to argue when he's undoing Cas' belt at the same time. Maybe it’s the fact that doing this in a church feels extra illegal, like an archangel is going to come smite them where they stand or something.
Cas finds him in the sacristy of the church they're staking out for a ghoul sighting tonight. He's digging through the drawers of the vestment cabinet with his back to the door when Cas sneaks up on him with: "Dean."
“Yes,” Cas says, and Dean can hear his smile over the phone. “We were assigned to watch over Earth, you know. Sometimes we would watch humans have sex and bet on how long they would take to finish.”
Unable to get anything out of Sam, he'd moved him out of the doorway and gone out into the main room, remembering too late about the rifle his dad had told him to keep with him at all times. But all he'd found was the room as he'd left it, just the TV on and an overturned milk carton on the floor, spilling everywhere. There was a bowl of cereal on the counter that Sam must have put there, waiting.
In the end, the weirdest thing about this thing with Cas is that it’s not weird. Cas still joins them on small-time hunts sometimes and hogs the popcorn when they watch movies. He nerds out with Sam in the archive rooms and misunderstands most of Dean’s jokes. He’s still shit about responding to texts when he's visiting Heaven, but these days he makes up for it by calling Dean in the evenings and having long conversations with him where he talks about his day and gossips about the other angels.
"Sorry for scaring you," Cas says, ignoring this. He doesn't look sorry. He's looking at Dean with curious eyes. "What are you doing here?"
"Yeah, all right," Dean mutters since Cas is already tucking himself into the driver's seat. "See you later."
"I thought you weren't getting here till later," Dean says, anticipation making his heart rate pick up.
Dean lets him go ahead and walks over to Cas where he's covering Kushiel up with a tarp in the bed of his truck. Dean puts his hands in his pockets and looks askance at him. For angel business, Cas is always suited up, trenchcoat and all, and it makes Dean feel weird to talk to him like that now, like he’s got to get through Heaven’s armor.
Cas looks like he can't decide whether to look disapproving or not. "I sensed your longing earlier which is why I flew here, but I wasn’t aware of the details."
“Come on baby, come for me,” Dean whispers, barely audible, but Castiel hears it like a prayer. His grace blazes inside him, incandescent. He comes, shaking and gasping, and it's the only time he's felt like his vessel might not hold him.
Dean Winchester had made a name for himself around these parts, what with the stealing and carousing he got up to as he blew in and out of the little towns that dotted the wide horizons of southwest. People said that all he'd inherited from his father was a crack shot aim and a give-em-hell attitude, but that wasn't the whole of it. He had his daddy's leather jacket too, as well as a black mare, sleek and loyal, that he liked to call Baby.
Cas pushes in a third finger and presses against the bundle of nerves inside him and Dean can’t help it, he gasps. His cock has already made a mess leaking precome on his stomach and he’s not sure how much longer he can last. He can feel his arms starting to shake from holding himself up.
An annoying side effect of the angels killing monsters for them is that these days he has too much free time to think. He needs a fucking hobby or something, maybe a job. Kevin finally went back to school and Sam’s been making noises about going legit too. Dean takes a pull of his beer and turns the screen of his phone on and off, on and off. Hating himself, he dials Cas’ number, just once, listens to the rings until they go to voicemail, and then finally hangs up.
Sam only makes it a couple of miles before he starts to crack. "Dean," he says, sounding uncomfortable. "You know you can tell me anything, right?"
"Don't laugh at me," Dean says. He means to sound gruff but it comes out sounding a little wounded instead.
Then Dean is back, propped up on an elbow now, shaking lotion from a small white bottle into his open palm. When he has what he needs, he tosses the bottle over his shoulder and Castiel smiles at the gesture. And then Dean moves closer until their hips are almost flush and Castiel has stopped smiling, and Dean is holding his gaze, his eyes wide and dark. Dean wraps his hand around them both this time, slick and warm, his grip more firm.
He looks at Sam now and reminds himself of that feeling. This is Sam, he’s known him his whole life.
"I think Inias is really coming along. This morning he stood up to Duma when she suggested we pull back on demon raids," Cas tells him over the phone one evening while filling up gas.
Back at the bunker, Dean heads straight to the kitchen and grabs a six pack. He checks his phone again (no messages) and sends a quick note:
His eyes grow heavy in the wave of arousal he’s been floating in. He could come from this, he realizes, but he doesn’t want this to end yet. He makes himself wake up, and pulls his hand away to poke Cas in the forehead with a wet finger. “We gotta hurry up,” he mumbles.
The first thing is the gay thing, which he’s actually not handling as badly as the people that know him might think, but that in itself is messing with his head a little. He thinks maybe he should be more freaked out than he has been. The first time he had gotten naked with Cas, he couldn’t take his eyes off him: his pecs, the hard planes of his abs, all that smooth, pale skin. He remembers that he had run a hand up Cas’ side carefully and that Cas, watching Dean watch him, had said, “You like this body.”
The biggest winner seems to be spicy food so Dean spends time looking up recipes for curries and stews, hot cochinita and jerk chicken. There was no place in Lebanon to buy the right spices but the last time they had had a case in a bigger city, Dean had found a grocery store with an ethnic aisle and cleaned out their collection of turmeric and chili powder, adobo and ground szechuan pepper. Dean can barely eat the stuff himself but Cas shovels it down, the heat getting the flavors through the barrier of his grace.
There are many versions of Dean that he is allowed to see but his favorite version, by far, is the one he sees when they are alone in the dark. Dean cannot see him well enough with his human eyes, so he forgets that he himself can be seen. He is relaxed and he laughs when he tries to press a kiss to Castiel’s mouth and misses. He is so beautiful in his happiness.
Sam had just stood there frozen, unable to speak, and had burst into tears. Dean had grabbed his shoulders, pulled his hands away from his eyes to check for any cuts or broken fingers but couldn't see anything wrong.
Dean says, “We're just going to hold hands and sail off this cliff together”. Then he pushes Castiel towards a beautiful woman and says, “Go get her, tiger.”
He drops the bottle on the table behind him and runs his hands up Cas' broad chest, under the pressed suit and flipped over tie, and that old trenchcoat, familiar. He breathes in the faint smell of ozone that always follows Cas around, like the aftermath of a storm.
He feels Cas slide the head of his dick up against his entrance in small circles. He opens easily when Cas pushes in, relaxed from his earlier ministrations, almost anticlimactic. Dean sighs, letting out a breath he didn't realize he was holding and feels Cas' own breath on his neck. Cas is so firm and unyielding inside him and Dean wants to do nothing but give way. But Cas pushes in only a little more, achingly slow, and stops there, waiting out Dean's gasps. Dean tries to push back on Cas' dick while he’s catching his breath, but Cas has an iron grip on his hip and doesn't let him.
"I don't always—look I enjoy it the more we do it, ok? We had to both get a little better at it. It's not always going to be good at the beginning."
Castiel emerges in a forest across the country. He has been tasked with tracking one of the Horsemen. In this forest, it rains almost every day, and the trees are bright and lush, verdant like the color of Dean’s—of Dean’s—
They are touching in so many places now, Castiel’s arm around Dean’s shoulder, their legs tangled together, their cocks pressed into the tight heat of Dean’s palm. Castiel is watching, taking a divine inventory: Dean’s flush high on his cheeks, his muscles rippling, his steady hand stroking slowly. Castiel kisses Dean slowly to match him, but when Dean starts speeding up, Castiel breaks away and buries his face into the gentle hyperbola of his neck. It is overwhelming, this emotion, and Dean’s emotions layered on top of his, wave upon wave, Castiel can hear their hearts pounding to the same rhythm, and Dean’s hand is stroking faster and faster.
When they're clean and the bed is clean, Dean pulls Cas on top of him, lets Cas press him into the mattress, holds his hands and kisses him deep. The pleased sound Cas makes against his mouth reverberates inside him, buoying him up for days afterwards.
Dean walks Castiel through the booths and stores, making him try ice cream and cotton candy, and something made of fried dough that he calls funnel cake, that is not at all shaped like a funnel. When the sun begins to set, he takes Castiel to the edge of the water and they walk along the beach. Castiel can indeed feel the sand between his toes in the sandals Dean got for him. It is a strange and lovely feeling, soft and coarse at the same time. He smiles at Dean, and Dean grins, open and easy.
“That’s very odd, Dean,” he says, but without judgment. Dean smiles up at him in response, all teeth, and dives back in. It's taken them a while, but he's glad they made it here, that he can do this for Cas, help him shake off a little divinity and explore the pleasures of the flesh. So he licks him and sucks him and draws him in, until little benedictions fall from Cas' lips and Cas pulls away. Cas tugs him up to his feet and pulls him close to kiss him, rough and wet.
“Look at you, Castiel,” he sneers, pacing inside the circle. “You were the best of us and now you slum around with these mud monkeys. You ask that we
If he's honest though, if he's really really honest, this thing between them wouldn’t work if he didn’t also like Cas' very male body, and if he didn’t like for Cas to do things to him with that body. He knows intellectually that it doesn’t matter what he likes in bed and who he likes it with. And he always said he’d try anything once, but. But.
Dean glares down at the rag in his hand and tries to unclench his jaw. "You lose your phone or something?" he asks in a low voice, knowing the answer.
Cas' hand tightens on his hip—Dean imagines suddenly a handprint-shaped bruise—and he lets out a shaky breath against the back of Dean's neck. It takes a few moments, but the electrical noise dies down and Dean loosens his grip on Cas' wrist.
The sheriff put a hand on the back of Dean’s neck and ran the tip of his dick along Dean’s half opened lips. “Very much,” the sheriff said, and pressed in.
Dean cleared his throat loudly to interrupt him and glared at the coil of rope hanging off of Cas’ belt. He finally saw the lightbulb go on behind Cas' eyes and braced himself as the sheriff tightened his grip on Dean’s wrists and shoved at him so he was facing the wall opposite. He could hear the sheriff unhooking the rope from his belt and dropping it on the ground. Dean grunted as he was bent forward, the sheriff lifting his wrists up to loop the rope around them, the tightening knot bringing a sense of relief—Cas had him now. When the sheriff let his wrists fall, he straightened back up, shifting on his knees so he wouldn’t topple over.
And here, this close, Castiel sees the fine hairs on Dean's belly, the soft details of him. He wraps his hand around the sacred curve of Dean's ribs where he carved in his protection years ago. Dean’s hand touches his, and he sees a small cut on Dean's finger, healing slowly, a new hurt. Castiel passes his thumb over it and it disappears.
"That was almost too easy," the sheriff said in his deep voice. "I think you came here wanting to get caught. Are you looking to be punished?"
Dean takes them to bars with large wooden patios, where the doors and windows are left open to the ocean breeze. They buy drinks served in fishbowls with tiny paper umbrellas in them. “Ugh, tastes nasty,” Dean says, but he insists on finishing it. Sam makes a face and abandons his, and then an hour later, abandons them, saying he wants to try a surfing class.
And finally, he could hear Cas coming apart too, making sounds above him, sharp little gasps as he got closer and closer. Dean let out a little moan of want, looking up at Cas, wanting to see his face, and suddenly his mouth was filling with Cas’ hot come. Dean swallowed it all down, using his tongue to lap at Cas’ dick as Cas shuddered above him, feeling the little thrill of accomplishment he always feels when he can do this for Cas.
“You were right to think that Kushiel’s words upset me,” Cas says after a pause. “I needed some time to think about what he was accusing me of.”
He has made Castiel wear a colorful shirt that Castiel is unsure about. It is bright blue with images of red and gold parrots on it surrounded by large green leaves. There is a hat also, made of straw, and pants that only go down to his knees.
Cas takes mercy on him and removes his fingers, a small smile curving up the corner of his mouth. He bends down to kiss Dean’s knee where he’s been holding it up.
This surprises a laugh out of Dean. “That’s...surprisingly kinky,” he says. “Didn’t think angels would be into that.” He digs in a drawer for a clean ladle as he talks.
He's seriously thinking about chickening out when something about the way Sam is looking at him triggers a memory in him. When he'd been ten years old and Sam had been six, they'd been staying in a cabin that belonged to a friend of their dad's, and John had gone out for the evening. Dean had been on his tiptoes looking into the mirror over the bathroom sink and poking at a loose tooth with his tongue. He had been wondering if he could knock it loose somehow when Sam had burst in, looking terrified, his eyes huge in his little face.
Dean saw the sheriff stiffen, his hand tightening on his bottle, his gaze sharp and searching. The sheriff’s bright blue eyes trailed over him, lingering over his worn cowhide vest and plaid shirt, his bronze belt buckle and tough leather boots. Dean felt a shiver go through him unexpectedly, heat pooling deep in his belly.
“Uhh that was a joke,” Sam says, noticing his silence. He pauses with the protein shake in his hand. “Are you ok, dude?”
“You can do anything now,” Cas had told him with his face shining when he was outlining his plan to have the angels hunt monsters, taking on their original charge of protecting humanity. “You can live a free life.”
“I’ve been searching for you for a long time,” the sheriff said while Dean labored over his cock. “First the train robberies, then the bank stick ups in Tulsa and Amarillo—”
His hard-on ached in his pants but Cas took mercy. Cas’ arm around his hip held him tight as his other hand made quick work of Dean’s belt buckle and fly. Dean moaned when Cas’ hand wrapped around his dick and he leaned his forehead into the crook of Cas’ neck, the collar of the shirt he'd made Cas wear scratchy against his skin. Cas slicked the precome down the length of his dick as he stroked him. Dean panted into Cas’ neck and Cas turned to drop a kiss onto his cheek, the gesture pulling at something inside Dean. He was still bound, wrists tied up, but Cas had him, a solid support for him to lean on.
He decides to focus on Cas’ hand stroking their dicks; that still feels good, at least. He can feel the familiar heat building inside him again, slower this time. Cas’ finger inside him strokes him too, and it’s strange, being touched from inside and out like this, like Cas is anchoring him in place.
That night, Dean finds Cas in the Dean-Cave, slumped in an armchair watching a rerun of Maury. His heart does something embarrassing in his chest at the sight. Dean has been making progress in getting Cas to break out of his full-suit getup while he's in the bunker and now he's wearing a pair of Dean's pajama pants with little burgers on them and a worn black t-shirt that Dean wants to feel under his fingers.
Cas always gets like this after sex, gentle and reverent, wanting to touch Dean all over. Dean tolerates it until his heart rate returns to normal and the wetness between his legs starts to feel cold and gross.
Dean tried another tack. "Maybe I didn’t expect you to tie me up so quick," he said, putting on a smirk.
Dean looks at him, eyes wide, and Castiel thinks about fractal depths, and of the distances between stars. Then Dean is taking his hand away to undo his own jeans and Castiel stares, the sudden absence disorienting. He watches Dean’s deft fingers pull his own cock out, the tip glistening wet. Suddenly, Castiel needs to get his mouth on something. He pulls Dean back to him and kisses him, bruising.
The words went straight to Dean's dick, hardening in his pants. The sheriff grabbed his other wrist and pressed down and Dean went gratefully, sinking to his knees onto the rough floor, the angle making him bend forward slightly. He could turn his head and see the sheriff looming behind him, leaning close. He couldn't help staring at the seam of the sheriff’s pants where it met a dark belt with an embossed buckle, so close to his face now, and his jaw ached with want.
He thinks maybe Cas appreciates that this is nowhere near as big a freakout as the last one Dean had had, after he'd finally admitted to himself that he liked having Cas' cock in his mouth. He'd panicked and driven three hundred miles to Kansas City, gotten completely hammered at a brothel and then hadn't been able to get it up when the hooker had gotten naked and straddled him. He'd ended up crying a little and she'd taken pity on him and let him use his fingers on her with the time he'd bought. And he hadn't thought it was possible to be angry and sullen while sucking on a beautiful woman's nipples but apparently it was. He'd tried to go down on her too but she'd pushed him away.
Dean reached out to straighten Cas’ hat. “Hey, sheriff,” he said softly, his hand curling into the hair at Cas’ neck.
It’s not all self-healing and positivity crap though and he’s still got a lot of shit to take care of, things he needs to figure out how to say. He’s reminded of this one morning when Sam comes back from his run early and catches Dean stealing his vegetables for lunch.
“I want you to fuck me,” Dean says softly, trying to put his need into his voice, his desire. He can only do it here, in the dark quiet of his bedroom, with Cas looking and looking at him, pinning him with his gaze.
When he comes to, he notices Cas is still hard but he doesn’t have the energy or the coordination to deal with it. He collapses onto his back instead and pulls at Cas to lean over him. He runs his fingers through Cas’ hair as Cas jerks himself off, coming finally in ropy strands all over Dean’s stomach.
Cas looks up to see him looking and smiles, just a small quirk at the corner of his lips, but it reassures Dean. Cas comes back down to the bed and slides up behind him, his dick heavy and thick against Dean’s ass. He feels Cas kiss him between his shoulder blades and warmth bubbles up inside him, a familiar response to all of Cas’ touches.
"Dean," Cas says in a whisper, voice so full of pity and tenderness that Dean's eyes immediately burn. Cas comes closer to him, his arms bracketing Dean, surrounding him. Dean feels his warmth and can't stand it.
using it this way. Even without the heavenly host throwing it in their faces half the time, Dean knows what Cas gave up for him, how he fell for him. But he wonders sometimes if he was the apple or the snake, and if maybe Cas had always been waiting to bite into something forbidden the way he bites marks into Dean's skin.
One drink quickly turns to six and when Sam comes in to look for dinner and raises his eyebrows at him, he figures it's time to get out of there. He nukes a frozen burrito, grabs another beer, and heads back to his room.
“Yes,” Dean says firmly. “Kind of. And Cas and I are...something.” He waves a hand to demonstrate this.
“But no one else would see your underwear,” Cas argues, sounding baffled. “How would anyone know if you’re doing what you’re supposed to?”
Dean raises his eyebrows at him, but Castiel hesitates. He has disobeyed many orders since he met Dean, but he is not yet ready to disobey this one.
“You like that name?” Dean asked, breath hitching as he watched Sheriff Cas pull his cock out, thick and hard.
Castiel watches the path of Dean’s tongue as it darts out over the supple curve of his lip, and he is suddenly ravenous. He pushes himself up Dean's body and kisses him, wants to devour him.
"This room is a repository of holy objects," Cas says as he closes the cabinet door and slides his eyes back over to Dean, dark and searching, and suddenly—Dean’s vision narrows and it's like there's not enough air in the room. Cas walks towards him and puts a hand on Dean's hip, pulls him close. Dean looks at his eyes, his mouth, licks his lips.
Cas’ grip became firmer and faster on his cock. He looked down to see the head of his cock appear and disappear inside Cas’ fist, the sensations overwhelming him, faster and faster—then he was coming, all over, mouth falling open for the third time that night, shaking in Cas’ grip.
"You gonna actually talk to me this time?” He can’t help the way it comes out a little mean. He’s still pretty pissed.
Dean grits his teeth. He's realizing now that Cas is going to make him say it. "Okay fine," he forces out. "I
Cas—and it was definitely Cas now, his eyes soft and kind again—held Dean's face in his large hands and ran his thumbs along the tired joints of his jaw. "You still want me to keep going?" he checked in an earnest voice.
Dean hasn’t had a breakdown about this kind of thing in a while but he thinks he’s probably due after the previous night. He hides from Cas in various rooms of the bunker all day until he can’t stand it anymore and then takes Baby out for a drive. He goes thirty miles out to an abandoned farmstead with a fallen-apart barn and a broken fence, and a house that has more holes than walls. He parks in the long dusty driveway and stretches out in the front seat with his head out the driver’s side window in the late afternoon sun. He drinks through two 40s and smokes half a pack of menthols while flipping through the porn mags he brought, looks at girls with huge tits bent over and thinks about Cas.
Dodge City had a lot of things Dean liked, but the best thing it had was the Stampede Saloon, known for its stiff drinks, gun fights, and good company. Dean walked in through the swinging doors of the saloon with a hand on his hip holster and his boots scuffing the rough wooden floor. He straightened the stetson on his head and smiled when his eyes landed on the lone figure in the room leaning against the bar with his back to him. Sheriff Cas, in his long brown coat and dark pants tucked into his spurred boots, turned at the sound of the door, his hand around a half finished bottle of beer.
When Cas—the sheriff—when the sheriff finally withdrew the gun, Dean took in a shaky breath at the absence. The sheriff placed the gun on the bar without looking at it and sank down to his knees, grabbed him and pressed his lips to Dean’s open mouth. Dean kissed back on instinct, his mouth still slack. His thoughts still felt like molasses, slow and dazed.
"Pretty sure that's not what holy oil is for either," Dean counters, picking up the bottle from the floor and pocketing it. Cas looks vaguely abashed and Dean grins. He slings an arm around Cas' shoulders to steer him out of the room. "Come on, let's find Sam and kill this ghoul."
Cas dutifully straightened his hat, making Dean smile. When Cas pushed himself up to his feet again, Dean remembered. “Say more of the outlaw stuff,” he said. Cas quirked a smile to show that he understood and then when he cleared his throat, his face was blank again.
“We’re always working,” Cas responds in between sucking kisses at the spot under Dean’s ear that he’s always liked.
Cas cleared his throat and hoisted the menacing look back on his face. Dean waited for him to say the next line, but like lightning, the sheriff reached out to grab his wrist and twisted. Dean grunted as he found his arm trapped behind his back, the sheriff pressed up close behind him, gun slipped out of his hand.
Cas raises his eyebrows but says nothing. He steps into the small room and peers around, taking in the white walls and dark wooden beams, the shelves and drawers of sacred vessels. He opens the glass door of a wall cabinet and touches a finger to the golden chalice inside.
They do make a mess, and Cas winds up doing most of the cleanup, cheating a little with his angel mojo. Dean directs him from where he’s stretched out on the bed. Dean thinks he’s earned the right to lay back and be taken care of for once since he’s (a) human, and (b) just lost his ass virginity.
Cas lowers himself down to the bed beside Dean and nudges him onto his side so they're facing each other, and kisses him soft and sweet. He runs his hand up and down Dean’s side in reassurance and Dean tucks an arm underneath his head and closes his eyes at the tenderness, trying not to feel too much like a teenage girl about it all. Cas always does this, slows sex way the hell down, so different from the way Dean’s done it his whole life, sneaking moments with strangers in cars and bar bathrooms and motel rooms, clumsy in his drunkenness, always looking over his shoulder, ready to fuck and run. Cas makes Dean slow down until he’s aching with it, until his orgasm trembles out of him like a full-body revelation.
And then they're off, Cas finally fucking him, his hand on Dean's stomach anchoring them together. Every thrust fills Dean up and punches a grunt from him; each withdrawal sparking pleasure all through him. He feels breathless, cleaved open; he can’t believe it took them so long to do this. His fingers twist in the sheets and then in Cas’ own hand, tight around his.
Dean moans into his mouth and grabs Castiel’s waist. Castiel bites his lip and Dean opens to allow the slick slide of his tongue. They are tumbling, Dean pulling him down so they can lie side by side. Castiel’s hands can’t stop touching his chest, his face, curving protectively around his jaw.
It had brought him up short, forced him on the defensive. He thinks that if he had ever walked past Jimmy Novak on the street, he probably wouldn’t have given him a second look. But he can’t help but like the way Cas looks up at him through his eyelashes when he's unsure of something. He likes the little smile Cas makes when he says something to make Dean laugh. He likes when Cas touches him with his broad hands, to heal him, or reassure him. He likes the way Cas rolls his eyes when he's annoyed at him, the way he still stares at him sometimes, intense and bright.
Dean pushes a knee between his legs and brings their hips together and even through two layers of fabric, the friction makes Castiel’s mouth go slack. And suddenly it seems like a very good idea to get those layers off. He looks down to watch as Dean unthreads Castiel’s belt and unbuttons his pants. They are both trembling, just a little, breathing unsteadily, and Castiel keeps a hand around Dean’s neck to anchor himself. When Dean finally takes his hot length in hand, Castiel lets out a ragged sigh, turning his face into the pillow.
“You believe that shit? About—sin, or whatever?” He tries to say it flippantly but it comes out a little too quiet. He pushes himself up off his elbows and tries to inject some anger into his voice. “You full-on rebelled against Heaven, dude. What does it matter what you do after?”
"Don't blow out the lightbulbs," he hisses urgently, remembering what had happened the first time they'd kissed.
"Thank you for your help, Dean, Sam," he adds, hauling Kushiel over his shoulder with ease. "I will deliver him back to Heaven."
He doesn't want to have this talk right now. All he wants to do is suck Cas' dick until that disapproving look leaves his face. And for once, Cas doesn't stop him. He just watches Dean pull his dick out and stroke it into hardness, look at the pretty length of it, kiss the base, the crown, and pull it into his mouth.
“Yes,” Cas says finally, though it wasn’t a question. He pushes up to kiss Dean, sending a thrill running through him.
Cas pulled away and hoisted Dean to his feet, making him stumble backwards against the counter from his stiff knees. Cas steadied him with a hand at his hip and swept in with a bruising kiss, his large palm cradling Dean’s tired jaw.
opening... but then again he doesn't want to take out Elvis along the way. If he can figure out another way...
The trunk is stuffed with headless corpses. It didn't take them long to clean up the lot before Sam, Jody, and the girls came rushing to the action. Claire had a blade in one hand, Kaia's hand in her other one, eyes wild, looking for a fight and disappointed when there wasn't one.
“Dude, you nearly bit it. Take the night.” Dean took another swig. “And a shower. You look like hell.”
Gail speaks up for the first time since entering the room, voice soft, "We liked her better than the other one- that Beth."
The reaper disappears, and Dean lets his shoulders relax. John turns to his sons, and Sammy- sap that he is, actually directs an uneasy smile at his dad. Daresay, a hopeful one.
He leans forward, eyes piercing in a way that's probably meant to hypnotize you into buying in. That unblinking type look that
"Cas, hey." Dean says softer, and grips Cas' sleeve as the angel raises a hand to his temple, the pain seeming to level and temper out.
Small note: the flashback on Day 3 takes place around S10 sometime near the confessional scene in "Paint it Black." Hence Dean's same kind of headspace to that.
Dean pulls in a shuddering breath and looks away, ignoring the question as he peers around pretending to look for others. "We should probably go find everyone else. Make sure nothing caught up to them, too."
Gradually, tired groans of wakefulness carry over from the library and soft footfalls pad closer. Cas starts up another fresh pot after having finished off the last, hip dipping against the counter while the slow gurgling builds to a steady drip. He starts rolling up his sleeves, unbuttoning the cuffs and carefully folding the fabric up over his forearms. One sleeve, then the second.
Back stiffening immediately- he turns, brow furrowed, eyes guarded. Cas holds up his hands as though in surrender, emphasizing he means no threat or conflict.
"Alright, that's enough." Dean rolls his eyes, scoffing in that way he does when someone gives him too much credit for his work making life less overtly terrible for Sam when they were both mere children, "Don't put it like that."
"The truth is, I've never been fully deserving of the trust they've both given me. But I'm grateful for it," He raises his eyes. John's looking at him with an unreadable expression, "I've died for them and I would do it again, eternally. Because everything they've given me in this short time I've known them means more to me than a thousand more years of empty life as a celestial being."
"Well, no, not anymore, I don't think." He admits, stammering, “But that didn't make me the devil. It- it just made me who I am."
"I'm going to the store today?" Dean raises his voice, asking the room. Eileen and Sam sit at the table with coffee, Jack seated across from them.
John stomps forward then, diving down to the unconscious man, pressing two fingers to his neck, "What did you just do?" He demands, peering angrily between both men.
John shakes his head, smirking at him across the table. When he speaks next, his voice has a new levelness to it.
A shot echoes sharp against the stone walls- the sound clattering through Sam's head, blurring his vision for a fraction of a second- or maybe it's the blood that does that, spattering thick and hot across his face, chest, seeping into his shirt and sticking there against his skin.
Dean reaches the door at the end of the hall and knocks. No answer, so he opens the door anyway. Cas isn't in his room.
Dean’s worked his way into his stupid angel heart somehow and planted himself there like a parasite. A undeserving, no good parasite.
The dynamic duo have been on the road another week without peep from Lucifer when Dean's phone finally lights up, vibrating on the table. Sam's beside him when he swipes to answer, Dad walking in with a fresh round of beers and stopping across the table, brows raised expectantly at the phone.
They find a cheap beater parked on the side of the first house they see, and Dean hot-wires it from there. He half expects John to demand the driver's seat, but he doesn't- and slips into the passenger's side without a word. Seems like he's still not totally on board with trusting Dean just yet- sitting as though still ready for combat at any moment. It also doesn't escape Dean's notice that his dad plucked his knife from the grass and keeps it at his side, just in case.
He swallows around the lump in his throat, the nausea rolling in his gut, the sharp breaths sinking in- taking one deep breath, then another, and another- 'til he figures he can fake it long enough to make it to the parking lot and break down there instead.
“No, I just mean-“ Dean shifts his body to better face him. Cas looks back up again and there they go with the staring. The eyes locked on one another saying things but also not.
“I just mean-“ Dean stops again, then abruptly stands, clapping a hand on Cas' back and grinning, "We shouldn't keep the ladies waiting."
Wide, glistening eyes lock onto his, searching. Maybe even reading something inside. He wills her to read his thoughts. His intentions. A complete and open book, hiding nothing.
"...riiiiighhhhht..." Sam draws the word out, already leaning forward, ready to pitch forward at Dean's word.
All these angels have ever been are souped up, beams of light with daddy issues- and Lucifer’s the worst of them. That show wasn’t even filled with crocodile tears- it was probably the most genuine Lucifer has ever been in their twisted history with him.
"Uhh, well, kinda. Anyone can be good, but it's rare," He shines his flashlight over the dirt, following the prints slightly left, "Genies- they're actually called Djinn. Not in lamps and definitely not good. No three wishes, either. We've had some run-ins with, uh, sirens. Close-ish to mermaids, I guess. Not nice either. They, uh, show up as what you desire. Could be seashell bikinis..." He pauses, tilting his head, "Yours was a dude."
He could never imagine the type of vile stain on a person’s soul that would cause the kind of hatefulness needed inside to harm your own child.
Lebanon is a tiny town of only a little over 230 people. Sam, Dean and himself are often described as anything synonymous with tall, handsome, and mysterious by the locals the few times they’ve actually ended up in town anywhere other than the grocery or liquor stores. The only real bar for miles is one of these such places.
John lugged in the police scanner in from the trunk of the Impala and is sitting at the table listening in on it, twisting a dial every now and then to clear up some static. Just waiting on another body to drop.
"Yeah," John says, picking up his own coffee and taking a sip, "What about you boys, how was the talk with ol' padre?"
"Alright, well, I'm gonna go scope out the body. If you wanna spend some more alone time with, uh..." Sam points at the mess of syrup, whipped cream and plates in front of them, "Your waffles..."
spend at home, he spent in a bottle. Children were on four different kinds of behavior-enhancing medication and barely spoke... could text up a storm, though. And the mother, she was the worst. She was so pilled up she could barely think straight."
"Dean," Cas grumbles, letting out a breath and tilting his head Dean's way, "I don't think I'll be able to sleep-"
It never ceases to amaze him, how easily Dean brushes off the kindest aspects of himself, and his complete selflessness in his childhood with Sam, “You shielded your brother from what could’ve been traumatizing, and made memories together instead. Don’t diminish the good you do, Dean.” Cas puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder and lingers there until Dean shrugs him off with a sheepish smile, face hot.
All the same, a tinted black SUV with red and blues pulls up in front of the parked Impala and brakes a few yards ahead. The siren silences.
Angels don’t cry. They can, but they just don’t. It’s not a useful artifact of their body’s functions. Generally, it’s suppressed the same way strong emotions are. The same way urination is, or aging, or taste, or sexual arousal. Anything human about their bodies is simply a choice of expression.
Distantly, Cas can feel the pain in his leg, but he'd braced for it. In a matter of seconds, the metal in his flesh is eviscerated, wound closed, clothing mending- all with a subtle white glow emanating from the area. He has to give the stranger credit- his reflexes are astute. Because it takes him less than a second to register that Castiel is anything but human, raising his weapon to a far more deadly angle- dead center chest.
That's... overwhelmingly endearing. He knows for a fact that he's giving Dean the "sappy face" that he always tells Cas to put away.
"Great, so, take it easy 'til then?" Dean sinks back into the booth, cornering Cas in the same length of bench but pointedly not touching him at all.
"Dean doesn't quite see it that way." He quirks a brow, setting his mug on the table beside him, keeping his eyes low.
I'm posting this first chapter just so AO3 hops off my dick about deleting the draft a month after I started. I won't be updating until I've finished all the chapters, but I do have several more done, they just need a quick edit. Once done there will be 24-25 chapters total(this chapter has been edited as of 6/24)
"Okay," Dean chuckles and nods, then nods to Sam, already halfway stepping towards the door, "Okay."
"I'm gonna grab a couple hours." Dean stands abruptly, "Then I'll hack the cameras, see what I can find."
It's been so long since he's touched anyone with these hands- well, outside of the violence of combat mere hours earlier. Maybe it's better to say it's been longer, still, since anyone's touched
." The rest of the room starts to catch wind, slowly turning to the commotion when Jody points directly at John, raising her voice, "I know he's a demon!"
up with a woman. Which Cas hates, but he never says so out loud. Less because of the discomfort of intimacy and moreso because he doesn't want to lead anyone on or make them believe he's interested when he's very much
That, at least, he might be able to use. Let 'em think what they gotta, then get in, get a looksee on what this is really all about. Besides, it's not like their hook, line 'n sinker ain't too different from how he's wanted the world to be since this whole thing started. Since Mary.
I may take a brief intermission following this chapter to really solidify the next few before posting them, so hang on for those. But this one I'm hoping keeps you all a bit interested for the time being while I work through those.
Crowley: I thought our little (baby angel emoji) on one shoulder, me on the other arrangement was agreeably ceased upon Lucifer's caging
"Fine." Cas nods, rolling his eyes. He backs out of the doorway without looking back, "Goodnight, Dean."
Cas probably figures the two of them can talk about this when they're back home at the bunker. In the safety of the four walls surrounding his own room.
Sam grabs his other arm. Cas doesn't need the full support, but he lets them both do it anyway, "Let's go home."
He sees her arm swing out just before he feels it- the waft of pressure against his side, and he’s off his feet, sailing off to the left, arms swinging across his head to save against the blow- glass shatters, raining across his shoulders.
Cas ignores the both of them, "Okay, so this concert, all these people, what is- what is Lucifer planning to do?"
Then there was Dean in the church- those few brief seconds- pleading with Cas to expel the archangel with glossy, wild eyes shining bright in the licking flames of holy fire, a hoarseness to his voice that's only ever there when he's truly afraid.
Dean leafs through one of the open books on the desk, then looks beside it. There's a frame, one of those box kinds with glass in front that usually houses some kind of an artifact. Inside it, closed up, a bona fide angel blade.
this. He knows what it feels like, and he knows what the backlash is. He knows what craving it is. And he knows they're both gonna have been better for it if they never did this in the first place.
"Hi," Dean breathes out the single syllable... incredibly bashfully- a way Dean rarely acts unless he's drunk or otherwise intoxicated. He even pats a loose hand on Cas' chest to finish out the greeting, seeming to get lost in poking him there another moment, a genuine grin touching his eyes when he lets his hand drop and sees Cas still looking at him.
“You know...” Dean clears his throat again, “Sometimes when we were kids, dad would disappear for a few days. Sammy was pretty little so he didn’t really get it yet... I didn’t want him to. So I’d do the worrying, making all the calls... but sometimes I’d distract him, take him out to some amusement park or something. We didn’t have much money so we’d camp out... come out to fields like this and just sleep under the stars.” He chuckles to himself, not willing to meet Cas’ eyes watching him, “Luxuries of the homeless, I know.”
He lets out a breath, shoulders sagging, "Okay. Okay- so- Dad- if this is gonna work? I think you have to- you have to know everything."
"So no sulfer means no demon." If it's not a demon it could be something far far worse, "You think the padre's right? We talking about Lucifer here?"
The fact that Dean doesn't see it himself is simultaneously a part of his charm and much too great a shame.
A shutter sounds from across the table. Both men turn simultaneously to see Claire and Kaia with heads dipped close together behind a phone they've aimed directly at Dean and Cas. Claire makes a show of handing Kaia the phone to better inspect the picture.
Dean couldn't imagine being shoved up inside the body of a beetle- hanging out with other beetles and befriending them. Humans are obviously different from bugs, but... to angels? Not so much.
They go months without touching each other at all sometimes. Maybe Cas doesn’t like to be touched. Maybe it’s not his thing. He sure liked it with April and Meg... Or did he? Maybe not. Maybe his whole thing is just eye contact. Looking deep into the soul and all that. Like Vulcans with their whole hands thing. Cause Cas is basically an alien, too. Dean doesn’t even know what he really looks like. He could have four heads and sixteen eyes for all he knows.
He swallows, staring into the gentle sky blue eyes of the angel shrouded in shadow. That’s what makes him one of them, isn’t it? Standing beside another even in certain death, just so at the very least, neither dies alone.
"Alright, yeah. Um... thanks for the heads up." Dean nods and doesn't respond to whatever Cas' last word in is, instead hanging up abruptly.
He's just proven it can't ever really exist. He's just proven that he'd spoil it all, just like he's always thought.
It's a proof, as much as the mixtape is proof. How this relationship of theirs, in whatever form it's ever taken, is as deeply embedded in Dean's soul as it is in Cas'.
John peers down at the lack of space between his son and this creature- the two sticking to one another’s sides much like they always do. Without thought, easily, and like there’s no other place to be.
lounge chairs. That way when Cas brings him a gay movie to watch it’s just like a cinematic viewing type thing... not two guys hiding away in a room huddled around a screen with their shoulders hot against each other and sharing air and finding comfort in the steady breaths coming from the man beside him.
"Maybe you don't know your own wiring 's well as you think you do." John quirks a brow, downing his glass. He taps the side again, nodding to the bartender.
He turns to his brother then, "I, uh, I called Cas too, but he's still on the hunt with Crowley, so-"
"Ah, come on, you're nowhere near the grave tonight." He pats Cas' chest, leaves his hand there a second too long before tearing it away and standing, all in one rapid movement.
"Hey. Hey, hey, hey- Excuse me," Dean says, both hands out flat. The man stops, tugging out his earbuds, "Look, uh, uh, I'm not a- not a bum, okay?" offers him his earnestmost smile, standing up straight- fully aware how he's looking: covered in dirt, smelling like he hasn't showered in a week- he looks
"I'm gonna- I'm-" Her smile falters, but she keeps her composure, reading the room, and nods back at John, "I'm gonna give you guys some, um, some family time."
Dean spares a last grin to Cas, then winks at his dad. It's shocking that John even listens to him, but Dean turns on his foot and moves quickly up to the house, disappearing around the side in a matter of seconds.
He shrugs, unsure what half of the story even meant, and looks back at her, "Why are you telling me this?"
Sam is so easy to please. All it takes it a bit of listening to him, a bit of openness to the care in his words and his intent.
"Mutually assured destruction-?" Dean jokes, but hardens to a frown, matching John's, keeping his chin up- like his father taught him.
He doesn't know how it's possible at this point how these two have remained so willfully ignorant to their weirdly intimate non-relationship that borders on something else entirely.
"Coffee!" Dean shouts, one hand cupped around his mouth while the other brings his phone to his ear.
" He grins, then points at Cas gravely, "Don't think I wasn't serious about expanding your Netflix itinerary."
It's not an innocent question, just in the way he asks it. Like they've left a thread untethered. An amateur hour inconvenience.
"Yeah," Dean scoffs, "Bobby left us the whole lot in his will. House was probably still standing when he wrote it up..."
There's plenty that Dean wants to say to that, but before he can even collect his thoughts on the matter, Sam pipes in first- far calmer, "Cas, you're gonna want some backup on this."
That's what gives him the idea- or, the start of an idea... Winchesters have never been much for celebrating the holidays. Well, that's not completely accurate.
Sam plops in his seat, "Maybe after all this I can fudge up some documents for you. You can become heaven's first college professor. History, astronomy, biology... like a genius Indiana Jones." he chuckles, "Dean would be all about that."
They both laugh quietly at the understatement. Silence settles between them after that, the gentle bopping of music through the floorboards and a clock ticking in the kitchen the only ambient sound. Dean's own breath starts to even out, and he feels himself drifting closer to sleep. Cas shifts on the couch beside him, and the springs creak wildly again while he settles into yet another position.
There's nothing inherently menacing in his stance, but for whatever reason- Dean panics. There's no reason to. Not a single one. He's calling Cas for the case.
Kid needs to chill out. It's not like this is a big deal. He's fine, he's safe. Memory's a little shot, but it'll bounce back.
Dean drags his eyes down Cas' body, back up. It's not checking out- it's borderline impossible to check someone out while they're wearing a trenchcoat, anyway. If anyone could manage it it'd be Dean, but that's not what he's doing. He's just... looking. It's a kind of looking he's probably only ever afforded a choice few people in his life- the kind where you look at someone and try to memorize it all as if, if your brain could take only a few 4k snapshots of your entire life, this is one you'd want to file away for safekeeping. Guarded in the warmest corner of your mind.
"Pizza's on the way." She grins, then turns to Dean and Cas, eyeballing their bloodied chests, "I had Alex grab some clothes from the basement, just stuff I was gonna get rid of anyway, so... it's waiting in the bathroom for ya."
”That’s not what I asked. You don’t need that coffee either, but you’re drinking it, Mr. Angel.” She waves a spatula at him, “So, do you want some or not? I’m finishing up this batch either way.”
Through means of distraction, he checks his phone. He's been neglecting it. There's a missed call from John. A couple of missed texts from Eileen, one from Claire, another from Donna. All just checking in. No one actually has anything. They all stopped updating each other awhile ago, opting instead to try for comfort until any actual news came along.
Okay, that's enough. Dean stands, hand moving to the small of his back and feeling for his weapon, finding nothing. He pats his front, his sides, pockets, too...
"You can just take these if you want." He slides over the second plate he's barely touched- not even sure why he'd ordered two in the first place-
John looks between the two, the corner of his mouth tugging up, not paying much attention to the rest of the guests. Fat chance he knows them anyway. But then again, who knew he'd have known Asa either.
He takes the opening, grabbing John's arm and heaving his entire weight into shoving him over and to the right, wrenching the blade from his grasp in the same movement he twists their bodies and sends John flat on his back, pinned in the exact position he'd just held Dean in.
His face is hot all over when she drops her hand, mercifully turning to Cas next. That angel lets himself get grabbed by the chin from across the table, putting up no fight.
so much that he doesn't know what the hell to do with it. And that's what's happening with Cas all over again. Each time the guy comes back from the edge, Dean either gets angry or he gets violently protective. There's hardly an in-between. Sometimes he thinks he just can't let himself consider what might be tied up in that in-between.
Cas pauses, looking down at his own hands clasped and fiddling in his lap, "I'll always stay by both of your side, if I continue to have a choice in it. Of course I will. But I don't think he believes that. And if I tell him... the depth of my care for him... he may feel pressured to do something he's not ready for just to convince me to stay- friend or... otherwise."
"That's pretty optimistic, knowing our history with... anything," Dean chuckles, probably smiling into the phone. Cas likes to think so. "Might be giving him too much credit. Hell, all of us. Dictionary definition for screwed up family life, and you'll find Winchester there as example number one."
His dad can't even finish choking out the end of that sentence- sputtering to a stop in the middle of it with fiery-wide eyes, a hand coming up to cup the bruising line of his jaw.
Dean circles his arms around Cas' neck, hands clutching fists-full of that stupid tan coat, face buried in Cas' shoulder. Cas clutches back just as tightly.
"But you're right," Crowley continues, "I was simply the most task-oriented teammate in the room. As per usual.
"Dean Winchester." She says it almost pleasantly, like they're old pals just calling to catch up. Still, there's a hardness to her voice at the realization of
Claire giggles, squirming away from Kaia landing kiss after messy kiss on the side of her face. The phone clatters to the table when Claire dives to the side to evade, and wraps both arms around Kaia's middle to pin their bodies together. She enacts her revenge by kissing her girlfriend's cheek aggressively while the girl shrieks in laughter.
"You shouldn't have to, Dean." He's done it for so long already, shouldering these things alone for years and years and until he breaks. Half of these things Cas has never heard before. John 'shoving' Dean around? Dean has never once admitted to something like that. Sam definitely hasn't. He probably
“No, no, no, no, no-“ He rushes forward, bracing a hand on each door, bracing his shoulders with every ounce of possible strength his body can muster- and holds it open- palms stretched wide, straining against Lucifer’s pull - until the last body barrels out- and Sam slides his arms from the door, swinging back to face Lucifer, who’s face is contorted and shaking with rage.
Dean turns, spinning slowly on his heel, "All these dumps look the same." he stomps past Sam, still not completely sure what room he's meant to be charging off to.
It was by the bottom of the bottle of his fourth beer that Dean was on his feet again. And he was outside of Castiel’s door. A tv mumbled softly from the other side. Dean knocked.
He thinks of the Cas that never came to exist, in a world where Lucifer won. That Cas, barely a shell of this one before him, having meaningless sex left and right, drugged up out of his mind, without a care in the world. He wonders, idly, if that was a Cas in a world where Dean never let himself love him back. Where Dean never sat here, baring his chest, and told Cas- no, I don't kiss you just because you're a body and you're warm, I kiss you because you're Cas and you're the only body I ever want to touch again. Because it's not possible that that other Dean wouldn't love him at all. It couldn't be. It's unbearable to think about, because this one does. This Dean can't be a coward about it.
Claire, Donna, Sam and Eileen headed out immediately after breakfast, so Dean is pretty much the last one out the door. Cas is leaning against the impala when he gets outside, his eyes closed and head tilted towards the sun. He hears Dean's boots crunch on the gravel and lowers his gaze, settling into a cool smile.
"Wait- wait a second, Cas." Sam holds a hand up, halfway extended out to him, "Her family was murdered. I mean, I- I know you were just doing a job, but-"
If the boys are dead he’ll kill them all anyway, and find their organization and kill all of them, too. They should not be allowed to breathe air in a world they take Sam or Dean Winchester out of.
It’s not so surface as that, obviously, cause that’s not who Cas is. But that kind of makes it worse, too, cause Cas might be the one with the noose around his neck
Cas tries not to read too much into it when his chest feels ice cold before sunrise. Like something is wrong, or impending to be.
But Dean's barely listening anymore, having fallen back onto his bed, face buried in the pillows, voice muffled, "Bye, Cas."
He lets out a hard breath, staring up at the ceiling. Maybe he's right. Easier said than done, but, "Yeah, great."
