(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve never seen you like that.” Sherlock sounds shy, but pleased.
Finally, Sherlock takes it in his hands, drizzling oil over the head and down the shaft.
How are your hearts, friends? Would love to hear how you are <3 <3
“Yes. Your presence is also required,” Sherlock says, low, leaning down.
You tip forward and nose at his hip.
Sherlock returned to the house and sat down at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee and a slice of buttered toast. He added sugar to his mug and a drizzle of honey to his toast as he perused the front page of The Sussex Gazette. Sussex was sleepy compared to London, almost comatose, in fact, but it was a habit Sherlock had found hard to break since moving to Fulworth.
“Bee bread is a mixture of pollen and saliva and nectar and honey. When the forager bee lands on a flower it collects the pollen and brushes it off the hairs on its body to store in two baskets on its hind legs. It then carries the pollen back to the hive where it stores it inside chambers close to the nursery where the baby bees are developing. Nursery bees mix it with honey and feed it to the babies.”
to ask me that?”
He moves his hand down; fists it in Sherlock’s curls. Holds Sherlock there.
“The tub is all yours then. It is enormous. The master bath is the only thing that’s been renovated in this entire house. It was her one luxury.”
“Oh, I see. You cannot bear to see me wait hand and foot on someone else, is it?”
“I want you,” he says, soft and low and deep and honest, his fingertips stroking your waist and something inside you is knocked loose at those words. Some certainty that you held, at your core, that you are, by nature, unlovable, it shifts, and it feels like tectonic plates moving, an earthquake reforming the terrain of your heart. He doesn’t stop, he’s a force of nature razing your borders, breaking dams. “I want to make you mine tonight. I want to touch you the way you like. I want to take care of you. I want to make you feel good. So good. Will you let me?”
“Sherlock, stop.” John grips him by the shoulders and forces Sherlock to look at him. John needs him to calm down. There’s a frenetic panicked energy gripping him and his breathing is coming short and hard. John’s afraid he’ll descend into a full blown anxiety attack if he isn’t interrupted. “We’ll figure it out, all right? All I need you to do for me right now is breathe. Please. For me, Sherlock. Breathe.”
. John strokes the sweat slick valley of Sherlock’s spine, counts the black stars on the wing of his shoulder blade. The ring shines, glinting on Sherlock’s hand, curled against John’s side, as he thinks only,
“Until?”
Tom let out a breath he had been holding and he sounded relieved. “Thank you for being willing to engage in this process with me. I understand that it will take work on my part to regain your trust and I will make that commitment to you. I see that we are almost at the end of our session and that we didn’t get through everything we intended to discuss. I have an open half hour right now if you would like to extend our session a little longer.”
Moriarty.
Nine.
Eventually the gray light trembles and fades to pearl and then dissolves completely. The sounds from the street grow louder. A lorry trundles past blaring it’s horn.
I touched our foreheads together and breathed your breath.
His hand clenches reflexively against Sherlock, turning him as John rises over him, absolutely intent on giving Sherlock exactly what he had asked of John: a cherishing worthy of the moment they now found themselves in and the trust they had somehow managed to construct over the last few days.
So soft.
He will always choose Sherlock.
John glances up at her and smiles, sheepish. “I was going to.” Glancing back down at Sherlock, who is smoothing the button through it’s hole with intent care that belies the fact that he is listening for John’s response. John’s ears burn. He shrugs. “It just happened a day ago. I suppose I was waiting for the right time.”
And with Sherlock’s (John’s) mouth on his (Sherlock’s) John feels the tide wash through him, carrying him over into sun-struck blissed out obliterating white.
His heart a steady drumbeat in his ears.
“Yeah.” John rocks up onto his toes and Sherlock bends to meet him.
Sherlock brings the mug to his lips and blows across the surface. The steam curls up to where his hair is falling once more across his brow. It’s a distraction, he’s giving himself time to think. John’s hands shift on his knees, wanting to reach for him, wanting to touch him. He reigns it in. Stills.
A sleek silver Land Rover is parked at the kerb. Sherlock leans against the driver’s side door, ankles crossed, hands in his pockets. Looking for all the world like a model posing for the camera. Wind tousled curls. Cheeks bitten pink by the wind. Slate gray irises in the glowering light of a heavy fog choked sky.
“I’ve got you,” John says, softly, “you tell me when you’re ready,” and Sherlock grabs his hand to press kisses to John’s fingertips in response.
This man.
“No, but I overheard her talking to someone about some new vintage one she had bought online for a steal and that’s what she told them. Apparently, she’s been collecting them since the 90’s.”
“CHARLOTTE WATSON, YOU ANSWER ME RIGHT NOW!” Full fledged panic now.
, John’s brain shouts.
The combination of intercontinental travel and the lack of a night’s sleep tug at John’s mind and body and he falls asleep easily.
John tugs the phone out of Sherlock’s hand and slips it into his back pocket.
“Can you say more about that?”
“I am aware that it sounds ridiculous.”
Around 4am I finally fell asleep and didn’t waken until after 11. You were no where to be found. I put on my trainers and headed out into the soupy heat, hoping that a run would clear my mind.
“I received the deed in the mail today,” Sherlock adds a moment later, sounding for all the world as if he is bored, but John can hear the way Sherlock’s voice breaks a bit on the word ‘deed’.
He was grinning at me, licking something from the bowl of a spoon.
John slides it off. Drapes it over the seat back.
, it was unparalleled in the history of Brittania. Possibly the world. Dare I say the universe? It was entirely within the realm of possibility.
John can’t.
“Eggs,” you say.
He trembles.
This was his night. I would go where he led.
.” Clara looks pointedly at Harry who sticks out her tongue.
“Will you kiss me?”
“Is it any wonder you’re feeling a little raw, a little overwhelmed? I don’t see you as mishandling this Sherlock. I don't see you losing ground. I see you as taking time to feel the complexity of emotions that have been churned up over the last month. None of the things you’ve experienced recently have been easy; the processing of them won’t be either. What are some ways you can access compassion for yourself over the next few weeks? Do you feel like moving our next appointment sooner would help?”
Sherlock threads his arms through the arm holes and pulls the robe closed around him. He knows where he needs to begin. He doesn’t want to necessarily, but he wants to see the reaction the accusation provokes from John.
Suffused in the warm, amber light from the lamp, he glows. It picks out the fair, auburn hair on his chest, sets it glinting. His hair snakes across the pillow in glossy obsidian strands, his eyelashes inking his cheeks in charcoal as he looks down the length of his body at John. His lips are parted, pink and wet from his tongue.
He’s lived in it for three years, gaining a spot after his first year at the Bede when one of the participants had moved out. It was rent free as long as he laid the mulch in the spring, mowed the lawn in the summer, raked the leaves in the fall, and shoveled the snow in the winter. Always sharing it with the other tenant of the manse, it had always felt manageable, and John had taken a certain amount of pride in the upkeep, as if it were his own home.
“Pret Pickle and cheddar, I think.” Sherlock licks him again and John drives his forehead into Sherlock’s, pushing him away. “And a Christmas tiffin too!”
Underneath the blanket the air is close and smothering. Thick with carbon dioxide and sweat and musk. All sound reduced to the murmuration of his blood in his ears.
“They’re lovely,” John says, his voice broken, hoarse.
You’re almost done, there’s two sips left and then you can have another two cigarettes on the walk home and that’s comfort enough to make the rest fade. You turn and lean against the smooth walnut bar and raise the glass to your lips and it takes all of two seconds for your whole life to change forever.
The sound that Sherlock makes is extremely gratifying.
Rock lodged in his windpipe.
When they kiss, there is salt on their lips.
. Heading out into the unthinkable with no one to cherish him. No one to keep the memory of him. No one to make him feel loved.
Pours the gratitude into him that way, heated honey, sugary thick and golden.
I kissed you three, four, eleven times on the walk back up the path.
“You like the way my beard feels,” John says, as he turns his attentions to Sherlock’s throat, drawing a fever line of heat down the outside curve of it with the angle of his cheek, his lips wet and open in contrast. Sherlock bucks a little beneath him at the pain that blooms through him, sharp as John’s hand on his arse.
You feel it, lambent, shining inside you.
The shame and disgust he felt for himself was hard to ride out. Looking back on the cold remove he had operated at for most of his life, distancing himself from others, holding any emotion, but especially sentiment, with contempt, treating the truth as a weapon, and holding reason as the highest virtue, Sherlock could see how it was all a protection mechanism borne of his upbringing with his abusive father. It had been safer not to feel, not to connect, not to be vulnerable.
“Help!” he gasped, when he thought it was safe.
“Oh, all right,” I huffed, splashing a bit as I bent my knees, intending to stand up. “Hand me the towel will you?”
It goes on for quite some time.
Bouncing and bucking on John’s imaginary cock so that John can hear the slap of his arse cheeks against the wood, the slap of his cock against his stomach, and the loud liquid squelch each time Sherlock comes down too quick. It’s lewd and devastatingly sexy at once and John is jealous of a plastic cock. He is, he can’t help it. This began as an exercise in easing Sherlock and himself into this new adventure, to get Sherlock to a place that he can trust John, but now all he wants is to tear it out of Sherlock’s body and see to him himself. He wants Sherlock bouncing in his lap on his all too real, rock hard, aching cock and it’s dreadfully, outrageously unfair.
“Lestrade will be back soon,” Sherlock says, drawing back reluctantly.
“Yes, Ms. Rich-ards,” Ani replies, in the same sing-song voice. Harmony, fortified by decades in her position against the barbs of Ani’s mocking, sails on, with a trilling, “Thank you,” and the sides of her caftan billowing behind her like the wings of a tropical bird.
“And what about right now?” His nose nuzzling John’s temple.
“That you wanted me.” He paused and drew in a deep breath. “I was shattered when I came home. Weak and injured and haunted. Pompey helped. He gave me a purpose of sorts and, I still don’t know how it worked, but whenever he was lying on top of me I didn’t get the panic attacks that usually followed the nightmares. But even then, I felt like a ghost walking through London. No one saw me. It didn’t matter if I existed.”
“Minutes, sir. Don’t worry about me.” Sherlock tilts his chin up so that he can look up the length of John’s body to the honey sweet pools of his eyes.
“Yes.”
“I feel like what I want, isn’t always allowed, in this type of arrangement…” Sherlock says, his eyes flicking between John’s.
a purple spark leaps between their index fingers.
“John.”
“No, it’s not a girlfriend,” Sherlock murmurs, a look passing between him and John that makes John's heart clench inside his chest.
embarrassed of his halitosis, the slightly saccharine scent of peppermint clinging to him, his breath, his fingertips, and the clatter of them against the metal tin as he shook them in his pocket when he was lost in thought. His inability to fully comprehend Sherlock and his infuriating, tenacious determination to imagine Sherlock a better man than he actually was. Up until the very last.
“Bugger,” John muttered under his breath, his mouth hardening into a thin line, worry lines feathering his eyes. “That’s my mum. I’ve got to—“ He looked at Charlie.
He remembers: the heat and the smell and the press of men’s bodies all around; the glitter, everywhere, so that when he put his hand down—every bartop and chairback, every bare chest and gyrating hip—it came away with a galaxy swirled across his palm.
“Well, maybe I’ll convince you to join me. There’s room for four in that thing.”
“Yes, all right. I promise.” Sullen.
Says, uncertain, “Talk me through it.”
With the fat spongy head sliding along the top of his palate, he succeeds. John’s other hand falls onto the back of Sherlock’s head, lightly at first, helplessly, as if he needs an anchor.
He would not look at me.
“Fell asleep on the sofa and woke up snuggling?” Clara suggests, hopeful, chin in her hand.
John breathes in and out.
“Well, then, I suppose you best go back to your club and find another then.”
“I’m hoping this time around we can both come together,” John murmurs, unable to tear his eyes away from where Sherlock is circling his nipples. They stand out, hard and gleaming, and as Sherlock lets out a long keening moan John knows that their sensitivity is immense and that what Sherlock feels when they’re touched is truly transportive.
Sherlock looks impressed. “Exactly. Her coffee house, which catered to homosexual men, was near here.”
“Yes?” John encourages, moving on, to kiss over the freckle on his throat.
“How many times is that today then?” John asks, reaching for the doorknob after they are both presentable again.
You stand in the candied summer air and lick the honey of it off each other’s lips.
“Wishes. Wants. Desires.”
Armand inclines his head. “Please let me know if I can be of service.”
The bathroom door opens behind you a few minutes later and a fluorescent slash of light appears on the wall in front of you.
Wishes he could feel that deep moan it elicits vibrate around his cock as John pushes in to the back of his throat.
Somewhat reluctantly he moves back to Sherlock’s pillowy lips.
“There is lube in the bedside table, will you get it, please?”
His eyes fairly twinkled at me. “Yes, I know. I’m your audience. Without me who would it all be for?” he teased.
You tug open the door and suddenly he’s there beside you, holding it open so that you can step through, a hand slid low into the small of your back.
“Fuck, you were so hot last night,” John pants, working himself back and forth in tiny, jerky movements. His foreskin catching and then pulling taut, the round bulb of his head rubbing maddeningly against the crinkly hair of Sherlock’s inner thighs, and popping out the other side with a lewd squelching squelch.
“To the left,” Sherlock directed, his voice scratchy and deep. He cleared his throat as he sat down at his table, laying his injured hand flat. Blood pooled on top, red streaks running down the back of Sherlock’s hand. He wondered at it. How had he not noticed?
“What?”
John shakes his head like that’s not what he meant and his brows bunch, his gaze falling back to where he’s stroking your scars.
Sucks them.
Sherlock giving himself over.
“I don’t need you to pity me.”
“You’re doing so well, John. So well.” Sherlock is murmuring encouragement. He’s also touching himself again. John can hear the furious sound of his fist.
John’s currently at a priority 3. High trauma score; not currently in need of immediate medical attention.
“Pipe down,” John said, appearing once more in the doorway and turning off the light. The towel was hung to dry in its place and he padded into the bedroom naked as me, which was now lit with only the rich golden glow of my bedside lamp. It cast his shadow onto the wall behind him as he climbed into bed to lie beside me on his side, facing me.
“There you are.”
“There’s only one woman I want to cosset.”
“What did you want to talk about?” Sherlock asks, while rummaging in his cabinet for mugs. “I didn’t take you for someone who makes New Year’s resolutions.”
“You want to play?” Sherlock asks, his fingers slipping out of John’s mouth. They trail down his throat. Come to rest in the hollow of John’s throat.
John does, letting his hand drop back down to the bed.
—Sherlock had nodded and texted Mycroft to draw up a new deed with John's name added.
Without a word I followed John out of the park and, though we were only a mile or so from home, into a cab.
John petting him now with both hands. Over his hips. Down the outside of his thighs.
Me, in London, writing you down on paper to try and bring you back to life.
Frankly, John is astounded that Sherlock is able to stand so still. What must be his body’s tumult only betrayed by the tightness of his jaw.
Your chest feels lightning-struck, a column of white fire from your throat to your heart, burning.
Mycroft nodded and made to leave, but something stopped him and he stepped back into the doorway. “There’s a man downstairs. Says he’s your neighbor. I told him he could go home, that I had everything in hand, but he insisted on staying.”
“I’m so sorry. You asked me not to. I’m sorry. I never—“
“The curtains.”
John strokes Sherlock’s sides with his palms. “You gave me two gifts last night, Sherlock, did you know?” Sherlock nods, shyly, their faces so close together that John’s features blur. “Course you did,” John says, and his huff of laughter rasps warmly across Sherlock’s cheek. “You clever genius, of course you knew none of my boys had ever done that for me before.”
“Move, move,” Sherlock begs, dropping his head back, pleading, reduced to single words. “Hard. Please. Now. Now.”
“I was going to have you reassigned to a different department so that you would feel more comfortable—“
“Pardon the interruption, sir, but I think it might make it easier.”
He crossed the room to our dresser and pulled out a gray Pevensey Petrel’s t-shirt and a pair of flannel pajamas. The motions were intimately familiar to me by then. The way the muscles in his back pulled and bunched, the way his scar wrinkled, the pink and white puckered skin folding up, before his shirt fell like a curtain over them. The way his hair fizzed with static before his hands smoothed it down. The way he balanced on first one leg and then the other. The way he hopped a bit, followed by a minute wriggle of his hips, the barest shimmy of his thighs, before the pajamas were seated on his hips.
John shrugs. “I mean, I like it. It’s sex. I want him to show me what he likes, what he needs.”
It made my throat ache.
Thank you so much for going on this wild journey with me <3 <3 <3
John fists his hands and wills his knees not to buckle.
“Wait!”
so that Sherlock can
The flat is dark when he arrives home. Mrs. Hudson is away visiting her sister for the holiday. She won’t return until after the New Year. It’s dark and cold, but John can hear Sherlock moving around above him. He takes the stairs two at a time.
His hair is polished to a high gloss. The light glisters through it, catching the water droplets sliding down his neck to bead on his shoulders, in shining, trembling pearls. He’s wet with the light and the water both, his skin peach and pink and fresh; John wants to sink his teeth into all the juicy, plump parts of him; taste him, sweet and tart. Feel his springy hair crackle on his tongue, and the hard, smooth flesh glide against his lips. His mouth waters with it. His hands, at his sides, twitch.
John comes, his orgasm cutting through him, sluicing up his spine hot and bright, and shuddering, John watches as he paints Sherlock’s chest in wide white stripes.
“Why?”
“But?” John prompts.
“Just. Here.”
The downstairs door had barely shut behind him before I was bent over the kitchen sink dry heaving.
“Yes.”
“I don’t need you to lie to me. If you’re not ready to tell me why you want to stay my assistant, then that’s fine. We’ll leave it at that. But I don’t want you to lie to me. This won’t work if you do. Do you understand?”
The three dots pulse. John waits.
I went around the side, skirting your vegetable garden and the roses that grew rampant over the south facing wall of your house, peering in through windows, half-expecting to catch you bent over your cauldron, murmuring spells.
God, he’s irritating. “Yes, for the most part I do.”
“Roll over.”
“Fine.”
John allows himself a moment to just look.
He takes a moment to let that land, savouring the twin expressions of blank shock shining back at him, before lobbing the second revelation at them.
Now this patch of skin was nothing special. Was it soft?
“Yeah. I’ll be your puzzle.”
Sherlock smiled, wanly. It almost hurt to do so. It didn’t feel right. Yet.
Sherlock’s gaze had shifted then, affixing itself to John’s face. He had looked strangely vulnerable in that moment. Curls falling softly across his forehead. His watercolor eyes uncharacteristically clear and open. It made John’s breath catch in his chest.
“I could,” he whispers, whispering as you clutch at him, riding the long thick line of him, grinding down, pressing close, close, “I could,” panting, “just,” so softly moaning, “touch you,
“Pressure?”
“But why give me what I want? Why give me this money and a way out if he wants to ruin me?”
“Would you like to see me, Sherlock?”
“Yes.”
John uses his fingers first. Slipping one, then two in alongside.
Two wet fingers circling John’s arsehole.
“Disgusting? Mediocre? Disgustingly mediocre?” Zoe suggested.
Thank you all for being here. Thank you for loving these characters. I hope you and yours are well and I'm sending you all my love.
“Not your pants,” Sherlock reprimands sharply, as John hooks his fingers into the waistband of his boxers next. “Socks.”
for it, wanting it
I try.
The snap of the lube opening. Closing.
“Sherlock’s going to have us all round to his next time!” Penny said, smiling down at Charlotte.
She was dressed today in jeans and a navy blue jumper, a heart emblazoned on her chest with a unicorn leaping over it. A pink knitted hat on her head. It looked endearingly handmade, the pouf on the top slightly off centre, a stitch here and there dropped. She had had Nutella toast for her snack, there was chocolate on her cheek with crumbs caught in it.
“Proof,” he said, enigmatically.
“An excuse…”
“That puts a lot on your shoulders,” Ellen said, her face full of empathy as she looked at John. “How are you taking care of yourself?”
, Ellen mouthed, tipping her hand towards her mouth.
“Tell me what you need,” John says, muffling a chuckle.
John wants to.
“One I’m sure you’ll excel at, no doubt,” John says dryly, teasing. “You have a rebound rate the likes of which I’ve never seen. I’m a bit jealous, to be honest.”
There is no way that John is going to be able to bugger himself against the wall. Even with his heels pressed flush against it, his bum doesn’t quite get close enough to take it deep. And really, that’s the whole point of the damn thing isn’t it? His desk, on the other hand, has four thick, sturdy legs. It’s an antique, according to Mrs.Hudson, something original to the flat. John believes it. He’s tried to budge it before and got nothing but an almost dislocated shoulder for his trouble. It’s a behemoth.
“It’s an almost exact replica of your dick,” Sherlock says matter-of-factly. Looking up at John, he grins. “It’s magnificent.”
“Oh?” Sherlock says, affecting indifference, but his chin goes wobbly and his lips are twitching a bit so it’s mostly ruined.
His thumb dips down to trace the shape of your lips.
John shakes his head, dragging his face against the angled planes of Sherlock’s back. Rubbing his bristling stubble all over the fine fair skin.
When the coffee was ready Sherlock dragged his attention to practical matters: repairing broken 10-frames. His fingers were raw and gritty by the time the sun rose at 7 and he laid aside his small hammer and rattling biscuit tin of nails. He rinsed his mug and Moka pot at the small sink and set them to dry in the rack on the shelf above. He tidied the espresso and sugar away and spread out the pulsing embers in the bottom of the stove. Rain still beat against the roof, swaths of it soaking the shed’s two windows. It would make wretched weather for traipsing about through the woods that separated the Polk farm from Cloversweet Hill, but Sherlock was determined to lay the matter to rest. Stopping only to slip a mackintosh from a peg inside his house, Sherlock got into his car and drove to the Edicott’s farm.
“Sherlock,” he was using his army voice on me. His hands were pressed to my shoulders and he was pushing me away from him. “Sherlock, look at me right now.”
“I love you,” he says, his curls falling in his eyes. The ring catches against John’s hipbone and he reaches up for Sherlock, sinks both hands in his hair and brings him down to his mouth.
, he thought, feeling a little better, for no reason at all, as he shut the door and went back to the table to fix his tea.
Tomorrow he would drive out to his other hives, five that were set back from the banks of a stream where there were blackberry canes and an orchard nearby, and another ten that were placed on a local sheep farm who sowed alfalfa in their fields to feed them. All provided strong sources of nectar and according to his notes, both sets of hives had had strong summer yields. He knew already that he would need to split one hive near the blackberry canes or risk a late season swarm.
Belatedly, Violet realized Irene had done that on purpose, to get her mind off  all the things plaguing her, nagging her, keeping her awake night after night, the constant fear of
“What in the hell did I miss now!” Lestrade nearly wailed as the red-and-blue police lights flashed, clashing with the huge spotlights illuminating the house and grounds as agents prowled through the neatly manicured gardens.
It was also just a pleasure to watch him, look at him. Hear that wonderful thunderous voice.
The door to his penthouse swung open. Then he came in.
“Oh, let’s just do Angelo’s then,” John said. “I’ve got errands to run; I’ll be in that part of the city anyway. Mary, you’re welcome to join us.”
, John.”
Mycroft’s mouth watered. While his stomach didn’t growl, it definitely ached a bit, wanting to be filled. He had skipped breakfast and lunch had been a disappointing bouillabaisse and a light green salad drizzled with boring vinaigrette. Mrs. Pringle had asked for the week off so there would be no nice Yorkshire pudding and jam roly-poly waiting for him tonight.
“Oh, right.” Marion gave her toes another wiggle, “Been on dialysis for the past year or so. I read the tab-sheets while I’m getting my treatments,” she added sheepishly. “Passes the time.”
. She was a spy. She was ordered to befriend Molly Hooper after Sherlock returned from his Great Hiatus. After my daughter disappeared, she was also ordered to get to know Jennifer Boyle as well.”
Later that night, after Sherlock finally fell asleep and Mrs. Holmes went to have a whisky and a good cry in the master bedroom, Mr. Holmes went to his office. He dialed a number he thought he would never call again.
He finished the movement, walking away so John and Violet would hear the music getting softer. Led them into a sense of false security. Once he finished the song, he then tucked the violin under his arm, held his bow in his fist. Took three giant running steps back to the door, threw it open and glowered at the pair of them.
“If by shape, you mean
When they left the London city limits and were zooming up M40, only then did she realize they were going to Sherlock’s childhood home. “I don’t have anything appropriate to wear at a big fancy house,” she had hissed at Sherlock as ‘Miss Smith’ since she didn’t know the driver.
Remnants of an old nightmare surfaced as he placed his long fingers on the doorknob. Last spring, he had dreamt Moriarty had held Molly in his arms, threatening her with a knife while repeating the speech he gave on top of St. Barts’ about Sherlock being ordinary:
Head bowed, hands deep in his jacket, he walked along the River Cherwell.
“Obviously,” Sherlock huffed. “You made that clear enough indeed. Will you stop sulking now?”
Sherlock reached for the hem of John’s vest and started pulling up on it. John sat up on his heels and pulled the vest off. Sherlock found himself sorry the lights weren’t on so he could enjoy the show. Then John was on all fours, kissing Sherlock behind his ear. “I want to try something,” he asked, half-shy, half-authoritative, “If that’s OK with you; if it’s not, don’t just put up with it, because, well… because it’s
. The mole alerted them when Mary went into premature labor. We were all distracted by covering up the Magnussen shooting and dealing with Jim Moriarty’s return. In less than two days, they had snatched the child from under our noses and found someone else’s dead baby for John to bury.”
“A little jealous?”
Violet had to fight a smirk as she continued looking over the small woman.
, Violet bridled, clasping her hand over her watch, the only thing she had left from her brother Michael. “That will be all, Mrs. Toller,” Violet said in her most imperial voice.
“Oh,” the boy loosened his arms “Right.” He slid off his father’s lap and handed him the puppy. “She’ll do, I guess,” he said like a long-suffering lord who just hired a scullery maid. “I’m going to play downstairs.”
Giving him a sympathetic smile, she whispered as she held out Henry, “Do you mind?”
“OK, OK,” Violet said, also noting how Mary said
John had asked him after they had saved her from Jack Woodley:
! I must protest…”
Mycroft missed Section Chief Adrienne Melrose. Not only had she been the love of Ford’s life, Adrienne had been Mycroft’s friend. Maybe even his best friend, after Ford, of course.
“Well done though,” John hastily turned his attention back to his mobile. “I really mean that, Mary. Sherlock might want to have you rather than me on cases.”
As for himself, he found himself aching to go home. He wanted to fuss over Mrs. Hudson himself, just like he did when she endured those awful chemotherapy treatments. He had just left his last rehabilitation clinic when he had moved into 221B. Her illness helped keep his mind off his cravings until Lestrade finally caved and started calling him on a regular basis as a consultant, of course. But by then, she had gone into remission and Sherlock had gone to Work.
“Loud and clear,” Sherlock still sounded casual, like a man on holiday, or
“The young man they think is an Interpol agent who turned traitor,” Violet explained as she pulled her hood over her head again. “Sherlock and I couldn’t believe that any of Dupin’s friends would turn on him, so we did a little research. Honoré
“And you’re a moron.”
So,” Chibs crossed his arms, all business now. “Which one of these hens is the one causing all the trouble?”
Violet studied the map, a red pen in her mouth.
Chapter Two:
Violet shook her head. “Jim is. I’ll only give The Letter and Holmes to Jim.”
“I know.”
“But his was fake, yours would be for real and permanent, it would destroy him,” Violet pushed ruthlessly on John’s greatest pressure point. “He needs you, can’t you see that?” Her voice cracked as she added, “I’ll stand aside. I’ll get out of the way.”
And if Violet would have hunted her, then AGRA would have had to go on the offensive. Never defend. But rather, attack, fight back. Eliminate the threat.
“Irene Nesser” gave Violet a curt nod then strode over towards Sherlock. She reached up and gripped his upper arm, gave him a supportive squeeze. Then she let go and marched out of the posh hotel room without another word.
4:21 PM
Sherlock smirked.
“Because he was also an up-and-coming singer, he was on
“What?” Mycroft gripped the arm of his chair, half-rising.
This… this had nothing to do with the fact that when she touched him, his own body became infused with pleasure as well. This had nothing to do with the fact that the transport actually required regular maintenance, food, water, affection… yes, affection.
But one could only talk about the weather for so long. Both ended up picking at their food, waiting for the waitress to come with the bill.
“You don’t have to go, you know.”
“He really was,” Sherlock added, tossing the sandals in the dumpster.
“That wasn’t a hint, Agent Hunter. My brother did murder Charles Augustus Magnussen. But I will explain why momentarily. Now, to clarify, John told you that he and Sherlock were working a case and Sherlock got shot, correct?”
John could read their thoughts as if they had spoken aloud. Mary’s expression clearly said
Faster than John could have imagined, Sherlock all but ran to John’s bedside, lowering the rails so he could sit on the bed next to John. With deft fingers, he started undoing the restraints.
“’Seduce my mind and you can have my body, find my soul and I’m yours forever...’”
“I’ve ruled out Ireland and Scotland, too close to home. New Zealand has too sparse of a population. Australia and Canada are wild cards, but my money is he’s hiding her in the States. Probably the Midwest,” she circled the center of map.
“They did in
She squeezed her eyes tight, ignored the gnawing, itchy hot pain in the belly. She gripped the bedclothes, clenched her teeth and told herself to be patient.
“Right, sorry again,” John scooped up his shoes and socks.
his overloaded brain informed him as he dimly felt his body being pulled out of the water.
“He’s hurt,” Sherlock gasped. “He got into some hunter’s snare and it tore his leg up.”
,” John closed his eyes in recollection now.
“No.”
family, so who cares about
Mary, oblivious to her husband’s current state of mortification, had finished using the cubicle for its actual purposes. She had just flushed the toilet and was about to leave but she heard the bathroom door swing open and upset women’s voices flooding the room.
They sat in silence; the only other sounds were the leaky tap in the kitchen and the beginning of sleet lashing the windowpanes. Then Violet said again, in a low, fierce tone, “I don’t want you to go to France.”
Personally he had been relieved when Violet told him she needed to go upstairs, away from the noise, the smoke and the aromas of left-over food.
And yet…. How long had she been hanging around before anyone noticed her?
, can your giant brain wrap around that? Yeah, she was a drunken sot but she was the only sibling I had,” his voice strained as he struggled to maintain some sort of control. “She died because Moriarty’s people are eliminating my loved ones to get to
She started nibbling on a hang-nail, her stomach twisted up in hard knots.
He wished Moriarty would make his move so they could get on with it. He despised conversations liked this, utterly loathed discussions about something as tedious as
Also, John would welcome any excuse to flee his dismal marriage.
She gave up names of the detective-inspector and landlady to protect Molly Hooper, the sweetly awkward, yet surprisingly strong pathologist. And “Jim from IT’s” ex-girlfriend.
Trager didn’t crack a smile or assume any male posturing. He studied her intently now, taking her seriously. He learned a long time ago a painful lesson to get
“Ah, William, feeling better?” the Earl politely asked as John and Gladstone returned.
“I put my neck out on the line for you,” the Earl snapped.
“Yeah, you are,” Harry did not sound mollified. “And a fucking hypocrite.”
Sherlock curled and uncurled his fists, for the first time in ages, completely unsure of what to do.
“I’m sure that will be a part of Alexander McQueen’s 2015 Fall Collection,
You… you don’t have
But Sherlock had killed Magnussen only because by Christmastime, there were literally no more options left to save Mary or John. Unlike Sherlock, John actually wanted to kill the Earl for the exact same reasons stated in the lyrics of an old American country-western song…
“You never said anything,” John repeated himself then added, “You should have. You probably deduced she was a filthy liar when you first met her.”
“Joking, John. Molly and
John cudgeled his brain, trying to remember, “At his private home in New York?”
Violet involuntarily made a sound that was a cross between a scream and a sob.
“Mycroft,
The Black Dahlia, The Devil in the White City and The Backyard Beekeeper: An Absolute Beginner's Guide to Keeping Bees in Your Yard and Garden.
He had mouthed
Violet unleashes her BAMFness. Sherlock has feels and doesn't like it...
Dupin put the wrapped up computer and camera inside the rucksack, then hoisted it onto Honoré’s back. He patted Honoré on the shoulder and pointed towards the entrance. “Let’s go.”
“Too much of a bother putting taking it off then putting it back on again,” John grunted, deciding to grit his teeth and bear it. “Anyway, how are you sure?”
“Yes, do tell me about your conversation with my darling Big Brother,” Sherlock drawled.
“Hm?” Sherlock turned towards Chibs.
“So you set up a hit on Magnussen under the pretense that he wasn’t…oh, what do you Brits call it...?  “Not under the Queen’s peace” or something archaic like that.”
“I’m getting Julia, you just
If the theme and setting of a particular problem has already appeared in an earlier problem without the knowledge of the later composer, the problem is said to be anticipated. The position does not have to be exactly the same, just very similar. Where this is done deliberately by the later composer, the term plagiarised is used. There is a real chance of anticipation if the problem has a relatively simple theme, since there are only a finite number of positions and themes, and chess problems have been composed for hundreds of years. However, anticipations are not always noticed immediately
The Earl slumped ungainly to the ground. Blood dribbled from his temple and out his nose.
When the bearded man stood up, John could see the butt of a gun jutting out of his jeans.
“Not me! Profile
“Oh my dear,” Mrs. Hudson set the coffee mug down. Moving faster than someone who supposedly had a bad hip really should, Mrs. Hudson rose and went to Violet. Perching on the arm of Sherlock’s chair, she wrapped her arms around Violet’s thin frame and gave her a cuddle. “Better out than in, dearie.”
“If I go through with this,” Violet said in a deadened voice. “’Miss Smith’ isn’t just a cover story anymore. Violet Hunter is truly dead and gone. Violet Smith becomes a real, legitimate person with all the appropriate documentation. I officially become a British citizen.”
1:23 AM
and less like the pragmatic
“Oh my God,” John’s voice trembled when he finally strung all the events together in the horrible chain it was, “The fucking Landmark Hotel. Sherlock, I am so, so sorr-“
William’s bedroom didn’t have a hidey-hole, as his little brother erroneously called them, but Mycroft’s did.
So as she walked along the towering book shelves, she only murmured “No idea.”
“Why didn’t Anthea what?”
28 July 2015
“Oh, hi, nice to see you again,” John accepted Mr. Holmes’ handshake. “And you remember my wife, Mary?”
She checked the time difference on her cell phone. It’d be a little after four o’clock across the pond. Her heels clacked loudly on the tiled floor as she started texting. Letting Mycroft know to expect her call shortly.
. “Sherlock, I don’t understand?”
“Did someone call you about that?”
“He’s right, he didn’t hurt me, I was just shook, that’s all,” Susan whispered. Then she scowled at Sherlock, “You are a great big bloody bell-end though.”
“Oh Christ,” Sherlock and Mycroft said at the exact same time.
Sherlock exhaled a great, dramatic sigh. “Why?” he exploded.
“Oh that’s not necessary,” Violet’s thoughts immediately went to the gun in the piano bench.
“Was there a struggle?”
But then all the color drained from her face, making her freckles and her scrapes stand out.
Sherlock yawned and stretched out his long legs and arms. He patted the other side of the bed. “Where’s Stone?” he asked, his voice undeniably pouty.
The girl drops her head to the side and gives a smile, bland, cheeks stained, she really didn't hear that ofenly. In the day they've meet, she shown to be more than ready to defend Mycroft, no doubt the man seemed willing to do the same at any cost, but, being the government agent who he was, the doctor wonders if all that affection was translated In small things.
Laid on the floor, a destroying relief takes Mycroft's body. He shuts his eyes strongly, holding the tears. He was going home, simply forget that, who ever was the police, he was a superior, ultra superior, the case was going to be shut and it would be like it never happened.
― Have you seeing your size compared to hers, you bastard? ― he was legitimate angry, and because of me. An warm sensation goes through my chest.
She smiles sweetly and picks up one of the cups with her both hands, delicate. John does not understand what she means, and thinks that Louise notices, noticing her extended sweet smile. He shakes his head, the girl was not going to make herself clear, but okay, that was none of his business, anyway. Probably involved something from MI6.
— Come on, Tiger! — James's voice sounds boring, going straight to Sebastian pelvis — Stop bullying the smaller children! — Sebastian pushes the other man hard on the wall, observing how he goes down to the floor, backs supporting the head. Looking from up high, John Watson was hot too — Bye, John. Say hello to Lou for me, looking after to finally meet her.
In my imagination, that kind of question would open a hole through my chest, and broke me in pieces so hard I wouldn't be able to hide or answer anything, I wouldn't manage to speak. But, although it really hurt imensily, I felt safe enough to actually to think about the answer:
------
— You know... You are a handsome man — he kneels close to the government officer's head, fingers going through his cheeks and lips — Pretty mouth... I really love gingers, Mister Holmes... — he grabs the bloody t-shirt and forces the older man to stay on his knees too, having to hold him, keep him up — I never had a ginger daddy... — the skinny man bounds a little, Mycroft makes a supreme effort to keep his eyes focus on something that not his face, and his mind away from the hard kiss putted on the hurt lips.
— Thank you so much, uncle Mycroft! Thank you so much — the hesitant hand goes through my hair and all he muscles relax sensibility. I rise my head to look in his eyes — How was your day, uncle Mycroft?
The car stops and the British government walks out, he is crossed and worried enough to just walk fast towards to door, without worrying about Louise holding his hand, she had to run a little to follow, but her uncle doesn't bother in observe it. And she doesn't mind that, knowing his stress, running a little was a small price to pay.
-----
He bounds over to me, looking playful at the glass doors.
— We are on our way ― than turn it off.
― Louise Holmes, ma'am, my pleasure ― Uncle Mycroft would be proud with my politeness. She recognize the last name and analyze the short dark hair and the pale face, linking points ― I'm Sherlock's niece ― the violin upstairs let go a high and protesting note making me bound my head. I see John's eyes rolling while he takes the rest of the bags of her ― even though he isn't very satisfied with that.
— Why couldn't I kill the fucking girl? — he stands up, putting the pensil back on his pocket, and start walking through the room. James turns to his bodyguard, he was really a tiger when angry, walking like in a cage, with hunger. Beautiful with the scars on his face, the dusty hair, and the glorious furious eyes. James wonder if he was keeping the sniper for a good view or because of his habilities — She was right there, in front of Holmes flat! I could shot her from the celling, she would die on John Watson's arms.
I want to say goodbye to them, but my voice hesitate for a second and I miss my chance, but it's fine, I don't know if I could bare the sadness if only John answered it.
The twins hold expressions of disgust, and disguise it gently, smiling to Sabrina. The only one who keeps a closed and natural expression is Ian, this time his eyes are on me, heavy and full of meanings, I realize that he expects something from me, a will to deduce everything around me almost overwhelms my control, but I only look at Alice.
— Uncle Mycroft — she opens the cars door and passed the sight through the damage man. He was hurt, crying, holding Lestrade's hand, looked extremely fragile — Oh, uncle Myke — she grab the free hand, not knowing if hugging was an allowed thing — I'm taking care of you, you are going to be just fine.
John walks fast to the kitchen, hidding a smile, maybe he wondered the same when meet me. It was funny for them, but I take a moment to enjoy the Idea. Mycroft Holmes was already all I have, being my father was a simple solution for many of my problems. I would be Louise Holmes like always, but with a lovely (alive) aunt and uncle, maybe my grandparents would still love me. I let scape a little smile.
Some blocks away he decided to make James proud. Turning on a corner, the most closed angle possible, he stops abruptly, turning fast to grab the small man, pressing him on the wall. The move was fast and precise, John feels the air leave his lungs with the hit, when his is ready to react, it's impossible, his body is stuck on a bear hug.
I continue the conversation, ignoring her moodiness. So, the old feeling of naturality comes to me, the realisation that I feel comfortable talking to them, without the incessant search for correct answers, the right thing to say, the struggle to not be hat. It was almost as if I had friends. I convince myself to take advantage of that illusion, it was not always that I could feel welcomed, and, regard of the murder caused by me, my behaviour were fine, convincing my mind I have the right to enjoy, I relax.
— Cleaver — Lestrade agrees, shaking his head.
— Yes, sir — I let my eyes analyse the equations on the board. Thankfully I recognize some.
Before we get to the cab on the other side of the street that was in front of my school, we watch three well dressed men entering the building. The one who seemed the boss was very blonde and tall with his face covered in scary scars. I notice the different guns spared on his body, and for some reason I believe there's more.
"I made a deal, John", his pale shaky hands, the waterly eyes and broken expression give the soldier a will to hug him and take him home, he deserves a hot tea and caring. "My company would only make her suffer, and I wasn't able to bare the pain her presence caused me. I took years to get better, a disturbed man close by wasn't good."
— My brother send you? — the fact of the always authoritarian voice being broken and low makes Lestrade feel like he had failed the man, for some reason he feels he was responsible for keeping him safe and healthy, so that he could shout and give orders — It is not your department.
— Maybe we can modify that, young lady — he smiles to uncle, conspiring, and receive a fake smile in exchange. Changing me wasn't one of his objectives — But now is not the moment to discuss that. The young lady should already be in class. Come with me, huh?
For a moment, I ignore how certain he is and put my attention on the big pulsating veine on his front head, too pulsating to be something healthy. I pass my eyes through his desk, he didn't took his medicine that morning. Maybe he's just late, I try to convince myself, but he'll forget it, I know. Even if forget was not the word. He was feeling the signs and the little organizer with his medication was right in his face! He was definitely going to forget, he was going to ignore it.
— Why don't you take her inside, Dr. Watson? She might be hurt — she shakes her head and step back to his hand, grabbing with her both — I know, small one, I'm right here, just go. John will take care of you.
I swallow hard. It was the most cold and sinister school I've ever got in. I imagine the people, were they cold and sinister too? The general was. His calm and tense walk isn't even the most passive aggressive thing in his whole being. He's a granade, can explode in any step. How were the other teachers?
"One day Theres called me, our brother didn't answer his phone, I was the only opinion. Mycroft still blame himself for it. I took a hole hour to get to her, by train, skipping classes for the first time in years. In the moment I got inside", his eyes turn back to the blood again, flooded, as John could see, not just by tears, "I could see what happened, it flooded my mind immediately, unstoppable. He teared her apart, John, so much angry on every part of it, so much violence. Louise was so small at the time, crying so hard, without making a noise. When she looked at me I could see how she was hurt, big full pain eyes. Theres eyes. She was completely naked on a pity of blood, covered on it, too in shock to move.
— I... — the rest of the grade seem to stop on his throat, he was as silly as mom used to say, I let myself open a smile — I'm also very satisfied of having you with me. — that's it. The best he could do. It was enough, I knew him.—  have pizza! Cheese.
— I thought we would only see each other tomorrow — the soldier tries to take her mind of what happened — You had classes today, right?
The caring green examine every part of my face. I love how he trace every line of my curly hair, my cheek bones, lips and turn back to my eyes, and, even seeing my mother in every little part, as I know he is, my uncle Mycroft seems to like what he's seeing. He is not like my grandparents or Sherlock, and that makes part o my self hate fade a little.
“What if they could see you now?” John says, circling. “What if they could see you like this?”
“What would you have done?” you asked, incessant, undeterred, “if I had asked you to fuck her?”
And—it was in all actuality not the first nor the last time— John had been thinking of what we didn’t have. Namely, children. A family. I didn’t blame him for thinking those thoughts. Those ghost lives, the ones we could have had if we had made certain choices differently, they haunt us all. We saw someone living them and we think, ah, that could have been me. It does not necessarily mean that we would give up what we have, but they shine a bit don’t they? The grass was always greener and all that drivel. It was cliche because it was true. For most.
“Wow.”
Gently.
He can feel the heady release of endorphins as Sherlock speeds up his circuits. Oxytocin and dopamine flooding his system, flushing him with pleasure.
“Because you blamed me for what was done to you. As you rightly should.”
“How did they manage to keep that quiet?” John asks, surprised.
Every thrust sends Sherlock forward until he chokes and John relents, pulling back so that Sherlock’s body rocks back to follow him, so that he can breathe heavily through his nose.
John presses his lips together, but whines a bit as he does it.
“I want to do it to you too,” John murmurs, after Sherlock has snogged him thoroughly senseless. Pushing his mouth to John’s mouth and his body flush up against John’s, eager and urgent and practically vibrating with need.
“You had better put that plug in now,” he says, his voice a rock-rough purr, “because sometimes you get impatient,” sliding his fingers out of his arse and pushing up to kneeling, “sometimes you just can’t wait for me to ride your cock and you tell me to stop…” gathering another handful of lube, “…to forget about the vibrator, and just, climb on.”
“Care to share what happened?”
Black curls wind around John’s fingers as he scratches lightly at Sherlock’s scalp.
He’s tense beneath your hands, strung with longing. Alive with it.
“Exactly!” Sherlock said, impressed to no end with the cleverness of the little girl. “The bee carries the pollen with her from plant to plant and some inevitably falls off.”
“Do you want to eat first or…” Rock-rough down John’ spine.
Behind him John cleared his throat. The chair scraped across the lino as he stood.
“He was investigating the murder of one of M’s associates and I’ve given him all the information I had, but M might as well not exist. He leaves no trace, has others do his dirty work for him. I have serious doubts about whether Lestrade will even be able to do anything. And—“
The vibrator shudders against John’s thumbs as he tips Sherlock slightly towards him, sinking his prick deeper, where Sherlock needs it, wants it, absolutely doesn’t deserve it.
Breathing.
They’re both a disgusting sticky mess and they stink of sex.
John slides the ring back on his finger and then threads their hands together, rocking up on his toes to press his salt-tacky lips to Sherlock’s.
John nods. Encouraging. Rubbing Sherlock’s leg and keeping an eye on his body. John wants him at ease. Pliant.
Sherlock, warming to his subject, continues, “It’s named for the eastern perimeter which is delineated by a border of blackthorn trees, but it’s most pleasant attribute is the orchard of heirloom apple trees Mummy planted in the back. You like apples, John.”
John would be lying if he said he never did. The last six months had been a series of brutal hits. On the eve of a new year he was reflecting on how to move forward.
His fingers rubbing back and forth inside. Relentless.
Ever since John had seen me dressed up as a woman while I was tracking a
“Tell me what happened next,” Sherlock says. His eyes dark, his voice husky.
John can’t keep the shock from showing on his face. From what he has heard of Moriarty this seems like too long. It raises questions for John about what Sherlock might have needed from him, or, conversely, what he might expect from John. Sherlock, seeing it, flushes scarlet across his cheeks and looks away.
“Planning to, yeah.”
“I’ve…um…felt this way for some time.” John forces himself to speak. There’s a sharp metallic taste on the back of his tongue. Like iron. Like blood. “But recently…” John gestures to the box on the table. “I’ve started…wanting…more.”
He lets you be.
Stretching.
John takes a step forward.
“Come here,” he says again in his deep velvety voice that makes all of John's hair stand on end.
“There’s no girl.”
Remembering: the frets of the hotel’s textured wallpaper beneath the pads of his fingers, his hands framing the man’s head, pinning him against the wall. His knee sliding up...
And pushes it
“And you’re not going to get away with it.”
He’s been watching you and his gaze doesn’t skitter, doesn’t waver, doesn’t flee. He’s been watching you and the way his gaze rakes over you, like two hot, smouldering coals, he sees you and he
He’s here for some sad reason then. And about to go back to the desert (which desert?) and face ghosts and the grotesque, ghoulish theatre of war.
“I’m your only worthy opponent and we both know it,” Sherlock says, still eerily composed. “Let us go and I promise to keep life interesting for you.”
, he thought, a chill splintering down his spine as the sharp rap of knuckles on wood rang out in the quiet night. His heart began to thump hard against his ribs.
John jerks his head up at that, squinting into the sun.
“And why not?”
“Harry—“
You pushed on, “It was easier to imagine you with other lovers. To touch you through them. There was a boy in Scotland, the summer you were 18, and you were sent to help your grandfather on his farm. What was his name?”
. Incidentally, what are you going to be doing while I’m busy with that?”
“Oh, fuck you.”
Last night when John had finally been able to silence that voice inside him that told him to run, when he had looked into Sherlock’s eyes and met him with desire, instead of fear, John had finally settled fully into his skin.
thing? John can’t name one doomsday cult from the UK.
I puzzled at his reaction for a moment. I had miscalculated, that much was clear, but…how?
John feels a hot blush break down his body at the disdain laden in Sherlock’s voice, in his words. This is instructive already, John thinks, trying to steel himself against the sadness that threatens to seep through and engulf him.
Moriarty is going to make mince meat of them.
Sherlock doesn't even take a sodding breath, just plunges on, and John can feel his heart quicken, tauten, constrict. He stares at Sherlock, at the contortion of his mouth as he shapes the words, the crimson stain on his cheeks, the quartz crystal clarity of his eyes. The crack of the typewriter keys is like distant gunfire, John feels each sharp report in his chest. Blood pounds in his ears. John holds Sherlock's hand, holds on for dear life.
“The facts, yeah.” John huffs a sardonic laugh and draws his fingertips over his left eyebrow, trying to marshal his thoughts, but he doesn’t have time because Sherlock interrupts him again.
He nuzzles his nose against Sherlock’s sternum and down, into the soft flesh of his belly. Breathing him in.
“Were you…that is…did you and him…” John trails off, his cheeks heating. It feels invasive.
John shivers and burns.
He smiled with one half of his mouth, his eyes moving softly over Sherlock’s face, and Sherlock’s heart did an odd back flip inside his chest.
“Oh, shut up you. Can’t you see that my little brother is in crisis? This is no time to be settling debts. Now, John. When the fuck did you two even get together? This seems rather a rushed job doesn’t it?”
“Then you need to do a better job of explaining things.”
Draws back.
“I’m not. I—“
Sherlock cuts across him. “I told you, sir, that I didn’t think you had allowed yourself to explore the edges of your own vulnerability. Maybe this is the time?”
“What what looks like?” John asks, looking up at him.
John does it again and watches as Sherlock hips thrust into him, his cock trapped between John’s wool clad thighs. This time Sherlock tries to muffle his moan by burying his face in the duvet, but John gently fists his hand into his hair and pulls him up.
“Good.”
Does he notice? you wonder as Bill joins you for post-dinner cocktails, her and John laughing and telling war stories. Does he see the pile of medical journals on his nightstand and the Google searches for locums hiring GPs and the twice weekly date at the racquetball club with Stamford? Does he see the way he sleeps through more nights than not?
“You were being a prick,” John has no trouble informing him. “You can’t treat people poorly and then expect a reward.”
John groans, his own cock throbbing in response, and Sherlock’s hips snap forward, shoving hard across John’s tongue to prod at the back of his throat. John chokes and Sherlock pulls back.
No No No No No No No
that had accentuated the entire evening.  “...well, actually, it was quite lovely, to be completely honest.”
“Because I thought that you were doing much better. Do we need to call your therapist? Set up a check in?”
“Only you could be thinking of Sussex at a time like this. And why in God’s name do you still have your clothes on?”
The word rings through the room, bouncing off the tile, leaving a hollow silence behind it.
He pays attention to each change in Sherlock’s breathing.
He kisses back up your throat. Brushes his lips over the sharp edge of your jaw.
Did you feel how hard my heart was beating for you? The concussive thud of it against the pad of your thumb? You stroked it. Over and over.
and watches as John draws the resulting liquid spill over the thin line of his bottom lip. Watches as John runs his tongue over it and takes it inside his mouth. Watches as John, whose hands are warm and firm on Sherlock’s bare hips, holding him to the metal wall, which breathes ice down Sherlock’s neck, watches as John sucks him down once more.
Sherlock sighs.
He touches out his tongue.
Sherlock, aware of the video’s relatively short length, immediately leans in to get his tongue on it. Dragging the flat of it up from the base to swirl around the crown. He does this a few times, until the shaft is well coated and slick and moves silkily through Sherlock hand as he wanks him. John’s eyes are trained straight ahead, the fingers of one hand curved over his mouth. Sherlock marvels at his self-composure, and, feeling a bit wicked, leans forward, intent to rattle it, just a little bit.
Paces the room.
John’s hands.
Sherlock snorted. “Not calling my brother, for one.”
Breath brushing against the nape of John’s neck. He’s so close.
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees, kissing John one more time before dropping his hands to his sides.
“You… you’ve wanted this…so badly,” Sherlock says, pressing his forehead to John’s, giving him pieces. Pieces of himself. And John makes a sobbing sound in his throat, as Sherlock thrusts his hips. And kisses him so sweetly. So softly. Tenderness is an aching knot in John’s throat.
John had laughed and laughed at that. And then, compulsively, unable to let it rest, had needled, “Yes, but what will you do without all the dashing about? What will you do without Molly providing you with the leftover parts of dismembered corpses? What will you do without Lestrade summoning you at all hours of the day and night? Hmm? You’ve got another twenty years ahead of you yet before you become a quiet country squire.”
He is vaguely aware that it is not human.
John moves forward and Sherlock lifts his legs to wrap them encouragingly around John’s waist.
“You despise Debussy,” he whispers into Sherlock’s ear as Sherlock once more takes him in his arms. John’s fingers splay in his curls. Sherlock’s hands tuck into the small of John’s back.
John, feeling infinitely more inclined to forgive him in his post-ecstatic state, which, he supposes, was probably Sherlock’s intention, winds one hand up gently in Sherlock’s curls and rests one hand on the soft pale skin of his hip, thumbing over the constellation of freckles scattered there, and resigns himself (for the hundred thousandth time) to being hopelessly in love with a man who finds existence tedious at best and completely intolerable at worst.
John tugs, a little harder this time, and watches as Sherlock’s body stretches out around the thick black girth.
“He said that we’re all just dealing with entropy in different ways. That the very nature of the universe is a state of disorder. He said that the existential, nihilist crisis I’d been experiencing ever since I could remember, was basically the normal state of affairs for everyone. I just had to find a purpose to make the chaos worthwhile. I think it might have been the same for you when you came back from Afghanistan. You had a purpose, but you’d lost it.”
Sherlock uses the same technique he used on John’s back. Stroking his fingers over John’s skin, intermittently pausing to add more oil.
The corner of one of Sherlock’s fingernails cracked under the strain, sending a slice of pain cutting up his arm. He only dug them into the wood harder.
“You’re gorgeous,” John breathes, petting the silky hair that curls at Sherlock’s nape. “You’re gorgeous and I can’t wait to see how beautiful you are when you’re taking me from both ends,” John growls, grinding his heel down against the base of Sherlock’s cock and letting his toes sweep over the head, when suddenly Sherlock’s eyes squeeze shut and a gush of warm liquid spurts, wet and warm and sticky, through the wool.
John looks down into his cup and shrugs. “Didn’t you ever have something happen that…opened a door?”
“Stop,” I said again, because that was not what I had meant.
From Sherlock’s throat: a low, honeyed keening.
John licks his lips.
, appears once more.
As he slides the key into the lock of 221b John is certain of what he will choose.
Threading their fingers together Sherlock slides John’s hands up until they bracket his face.
He continued in the same fashion for I don’t know how long, tracing the veins that began to grow rigid along the dorsal side of my cock and paying devotion to the vee of my frenulum with firm pressure. At last I reached full hardness and I had to feed my cock to him, guiding it into the tight, hot circle of his lips as he began to take me deeper into his mouth. All the while the tide continued to rise, until I was brimming, and dangerously close to running over.
Sherlock does. Lays his hot skin down on the chill marble and brings his heels up, spreads his knees. He hears the robe slither off the edge and hit the floor with a soft
John takes a moment to look around the room, anywhere but at Sherlock, nodding politely, as Molly tells him about her new boyfriend. The room is uncharacteristically full of people. Med students from the look of them, harried and feral. There are about ten of them, all bent over identical microscopes, all jotting down notes as they go.
“Yes.”
Only then does John wet his fingers again and slip one inside Sherlock’s body.
Tears ran quicker, cutting cool tracks down the feverish skin of his cheeks. There were blisters on his palms from having to dig a hole big enough to hold all of his hives. He wanted to make fists so tight they would burst. When he closed his eyes he could still see the flames against the black sky.
“The same thing he has on you,” she says to Sherlock, her smile softening just the tiniest bit.
“Sherlock,” he says, sitting back, leaving the cool shape of his mouth evanescing on your throat. “Should I stop?”
“I am.”
“Being so…” Sherlock squints at John through the slit of his left eye.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, glad of a place to start. “It is true that honey bees die after they lose their stinger, however, you shouldn’t feel too badly because they were just doing their job of protecting the hive.
And in.
“You are the most beautiful man I have ever seen.”
John had looked at him, for the first time since his resurrection, without anger.
“Why?”
He feels full, it's strange. But, at the same time, he feels safe. Loved. Held together by Sherlock's hands.
“Oh, yeah?” John says, leaning down. “Like this?”
Can’t keep their hands off each other.
“You could have called,” Sherlock says as John passes by him to resume his position near the door. Just the possibility of an exit eases his shoulders down from where they’ve drawn up by his ears. John assumes parade rest, pulling courage around him like armor.
Clara clutches Harry’s hand against her chest. “And he told you he was in love with you too?”
“I’m sorry,” John says, his mouth against Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock’s right hand pets up the outside of John’s leg as he settles it on top of Sherlock’s hip. “But it’s quite the request.”
This realization must show on John’s face because Sherlock says, “What?” as he sits back, settling his weight across John’s thighs.
It is a dark, musty room, moonlight trickling in through the cracks in the walls. She is clad in a white nightgown, her arms are thin and cold, a sad and hungry look in her eyes. This is her childhood room, a corner in the dusty attic that her two brothers rarely visited, a world with boarded-up windows and rotting floorboards that she could call her own, where she stayed hidden and
John coughs again and Sherlock helps him up, a firm hand rubbing his back, letting John to rest on his side.
He remembers the smell of bonfires and dried branches and John, gagged and trapped inside the wood stack, unable to scream, but back then, he had time on his side and…and Mary too. He recalls the time John and his then-girlfriend were kidnapped by the Chinese mafia and he’d arrived just in the nick of time to save them and John, who usually was full of fawning praise and admiration, only accused him of being late.
consulting detective doesn’t know about. The power of a true love’s kiss, why most people prefer sentiment to common sense, the benefits of beekeeping as a viable retirement hobby, why an ex-military doctor with a psychosomatic limb chose to stick around an insufferable flat-mate who constantly sets the kitchen on fire and keeps human heads in the fridge.
The cold wind slices his cheeks, his dark ruffled hair. His coat catches the nettle, his feet stumble over tangled roots and stones.
Something uncurls in his heart. Plebians would’ve called it sentiment but that’s one of the things that the world’s only consulting detective knows nothing about, and it surprises him in a warm and pleasant way.
John Watson struggles against the chains binding his legs, his fingers fumbling to get a grip on the bricks, just high enough to breathe.
It isn’t the perfect answer. But they’ve never been perfect, either as people or as friends, and so it’ll have to do.
John who got shot at in Afghanistan and tasted forever in the two years when Sherlock was presumed dead, and again in the months when Mary firmly remained dead, would do anything, literally anything to pull a gun to his head and blow his brains out, instead of slowly dying underwater, flailing his limbs, gasping for air, begging his best friend, his genius incredible insufferable
There is a grace and dignity to that.
He isn’t counting because it feels like forever.
It takes him twenty seconds to tightly fix the rope, another fifteen to ensure the knot will hold although he cannot be sure, and five more seconds to clamber onto the inside of the well. His eyes burn with sweat and tears, as he flings his coat on the ground and he lets out a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding, as he painstakingly begins the downward descent, to the sound of rushing and rising water.
Well, it isn’t exactly homely
Yet Sherlock can’t help but think and shudder, that all those childhood stories about the power of a true love’s kiss and the breath of life, did indeed have a kernel of truth to them.
It isn’t a perfect kiss, like in the stories and when they pull back to breathe, they aren’t really sure how to acknowledge it or what to make of it because they can see lights in the distance and the distant blare of sirens.
The water rises along the crumbling, mossy walls.
To be fair, he’s more accustomed to corpses.
consulting detective doesn’t know about. That the earth revolves around the sun, why people trust in horoscopes, the art of flipping pancakes, how to defuse a bomb (when there isn’t an off-switch), what forever really feels like.
This time it’s John who gets a shock blanket and Sherlock is slightly peeved although he doesn’t show it.
Panting, Sherlock rests John’s body on the ground. He looks around, but neither the police nor Eurus nor Mycroft are here yet, and there is only the forest and his rasping breath and John’s prone body, soaked and heavy and perfectly still.
to perform one last miracle and save him.
Sherlock cradles John in his arms, breathing into his mouth, gently pressing his chest. The forest wraps around them, the dead leaves rustling and the moist wind whistling through the skeletal branches.
He breathes again and again, hoping for John’s chest to rise and fall.
Most people would prefer a gunshot wound to drowning, if only it made for a quicker death.
John purses his lips.
That sort of thing.
to kiss John Watson, this isn’t how he’d like to do it.
It takes Sherlock thirty minutes to get himself and John out of that well, but he isn’t counting anymore.
“Thought you might need these”, she says in her faraway wistful voice, handing him a rope and a pair of bolt cutters.
He doesn’t think, he cannot think and he can barely see and his hands are on John’s chest, his waist and Sherlock cannot breathe and his head hurts but his hands need to find, travelling downwards, his legs, his feet and then Sherlock finally feels it, the rattle of rusty chains and he misses precious seconds as he rummages in his pockets for the bolt-cutter, with his other hand holding John and then he finds it, but the chains are too heavy and Sherlock has no choice but to rise up for air, for one sweet breath of cold moonlit air and he dives again and this time it works, there isn’t any clinching sound over the water but the chains give away and John’s limp body tilts away and Sherlock grabs him, pulling him close and he cannot hear anything and he tugs on the rope and begins to climb.
Hell, he cannot do this.
John’s eyes remain closed, his body unbreathing.
But now, her resolve falters. Perhaps she realizes, they weren't children anymore or that Sherlock is far changed from what she remembers and so she bends and whispers in his ear, the place where Victor Trevor died, unfound and alone, where John Watson is drowning.
And it surprises him even more when John pulls him close to kiss him, deeply and hungrily, his hands on Sherlock’s neck, his cheeks, fingers in the dark curls of his hair and Sherlock kisses him back, a bit clumsy and awkward, dimly wondering what to do with his hands before they settle on wrapping around John’s back.
The trembling fingers cradling her grey-blonde hair are soft, the arms around her back are warm and tender. She looks upon her brother’s face that is carved with pain and desperation, helplessness and hope.
Forever is like a voiceless scream, a room without air, a drowning.
The water reaches past his eyes.
For one brief moment, Sherlock thinks that perhaps it is too late and he cannot hear the John’s shout for help because his own heart is hammering like an incoming train, so loud and white-bright that it deafens and blinds everything else- the wind among the trees, the gurgling water, his own screams. But then he looks down into the darkness of the well and his world halts.
There are a lot of things that the world’s
Soft and gentle, like freshly-fallen snow. It is a chaste kiss, a ghost of a kiss, as his lips faintly brush against John’s own, moist and rough, and then he pulls back.
For a long, tense moment, she is silent, gazing intently at him.
“Well you gave her what she was looking for: context.”
John clears his throat.
He isn’t sure how to do this.
Sherlock flinches and gets up but Eurus stops him, tugging at his coat.
“Help me save John Watson”, Sherlock pleads, kneeling in front of his long-lost sister Eurus.
Until Sherlock solved the puzzle she’d set some two decades ago and finally sought her out.
This is the forest of his childhood, where he hid among the tall beech trees from Mycroft, where he buried treasure beneath the lichen-covered undergrowth for Victor to find, where he sometimes disappeared for hours on end, to think and wander in the dappled sunlight.
He pulls back just as John leans in, his lips half-parted.
It is all he can do.
“John!”, he repeats with his tired lips, aloud and in his mind, like a broken record. John is down there, he knows it, he’s seen the shadow, but the walls are long, stretching out like a steep unending road and Sherlock is slowly grasping what forever feels like, what it
It’s a look that if Sherlock could see for himself, he’d immediately categorize it as “sentiment” and file it away under “margin for human error”.
He looks at her once, as if about to say something more but then he turns and then he’s running, bounding down the winding stairs, the walls of his ancestral burnt-down house creaking around him, but he doesn’t care, he needs to get to John Watson as soon as he can. It doesn’t matter that he is breathless and frightened and his heart is hammering too fast for him to think. Not even Moriarty when he’d strapped John with enough ammunition to blow off a building, had him this cowered or daunted.
“Sher-sherlock”, he gurgles and the rest of his words are lost to the bubbling water.
Sherlock looks around and then back at John, as though searching his face for answers.
(Falling would be so simple and even pleasant. After all, he’s done it before)
He’s the detective, not the doctor.
be late.
The water is rising past his neck.
His feet brushes against something that isn’t rock or bone and his heart lurches and he hasn’t swum since middle school but he breathes a lungful of air and plunges into the water, fingers fumbling at John’s body, his soaked clothes.
“It’s not good, it’s not bad. It’s…”, He turns away, searching for the right words, but he cannot find any. So he settles on what Sherlock himself had told him, a week before, and says, “It is what it is.”
It’s a look that says that John Watson matters to him, that he always did and always will.
It steadily rises, swirling around him, like a cold and heavy shroud. John’s vision dazzles with moonlight and the rush of strong winds and he cannot shout for help anymore, without the water rushing through his mouth.
For once, Sherlock’s Mind Palace is blissfully and utterly blank.
(It might’ve been just a few seconds, but Sherlock doesn’t know that)
“John!”, Sherlock cries, flinging the rope down to the murky depths of the well.
The police are goddamn late.
This is a fact that is buried in some forgotten corner of Sherlock’s Mind Palace. He doesn’t bother to check for it.
John shouts his name, but it comes out strangled and hoarse, whipped away by the wind.
“Sherlock.”
She raises both her eyebrows and John shakes his head, “I don’t—“
John decides to go with what is at the heart of it all. “I love you. I love you so much and I lost you, I buried you, I grieved you, and I am terrified, completely and utterly terrified, of losing you again.”
“For what?” His voice is husky, cracked with longing.
“Great.” John leaned in and pressed a quick peck to Sherlock’s cheek, before he stood. “I’ll see you then.”
The first push is intense.
Sherlock, freshly showered, dressed casually but with precision—shirt pressed and a shade of blue which he knew paired quite spectacularly with his eyes—waited three beats before he rose from the kitchen table and opened the door.
John feels Sherlock’s hand settle on the back of his neck, the other resting in the small of his back. John turns his head, pressing his cheek to Sherlock’s heart which thumps slow and even beneath his ear.
You accepted it, your fingers sliding in a slow sticky drag around the back of my neck, your thumb taking my pulse beneath my jaw, your palm heavy and rough against my Adam’s apple. I swallowed for the feel of it, the weight against me, the power held in check.
“I am very heartened to hear that.”
And by work she means: Is it Sherlock?
“Of course it does. Are you sure?”
“I want you to do it to me,” Sherlock rumbles, nuzzling at John’s ear as he slings his arm across John’s belly and draws him close. John rolls over onto his side and slips his knee in between Sherlock’s, drawing the duvet up and over them. John’s still got his pants on, but Sherlock’s starkers and emanating heat. John tips his head back and Sherlock takes John’s mouth in one slow, slick slide. John presses closer, opening his mouth wider, as Sherlock’s tongue slips between his lips.
John pushes up to sitting, it’s the best he can do to settle back against the nearest cupboard. His legs feel like jelly. He doesn’t trust them to hold him up.
There he is.
“Nothing. I’m—“
He flicks John’s belt open with efficiency, unbuttons him, and draws down the zip in two more quick motions. Fingers hooked into John’s pants, Sherlock drags the lot down his hips.
“Sherlock.”
“Ok,” John says, a little bit later, feigning nonchalance by shrugging, but feeling slightly wary, because, lets be honest, it’s Sherlock, and if it’s something kinky by his standards…
John Watson, inconvenient as ever.
John takes Sherlock’s hand in his. Turns it over in his lap, palm up. He tucks his thumb into the heart of it, wraps his fingers loosely around the back.
“Yes. I need to. Be inside you. Please.” Sherlock is kissing him and John is nodding. Because yes, yes that is definitely ok. That is more than ok, that is
His legs bracket your head and you can feel the tremors running beneath his skin.
“Sherlock—“
Round and round.
“Turn up the heat a bit would you?”
“Thought so.”
And, oh, exquisite man, it’s the most perfect answer you’ve ever heard.
Your cock head, plump and leaking all over the flat of my tongue. My other hand working you, palm grinding into you, down through flesh and bone.
Sherlock blinked. “I’d be happy to call you Charlotte,” he said, feeling entirely unworthy of receiving such a earnest, vulnerable confession and wondering if he was bollocksing it up properly. “It is very pretty indeed. A good choice. Thank you for telling me.” There was a small hot stone caught at the back of his throat that wouldn’t go down no matter how many times he swallowed.
“I don’t kiss and tell,” John says, maybe just a little coyly, putting the book in his hand haphazardly between two others on the shelf, distracted.
“Thank you, Mr. Sherlock!” And with that she was skipping off towards the beech trees.
“Oh, you wouldn’t?”
John tries.
John’s mouth is against Sherlock’s ear once more. “Give up?”
“What’d I get?” Best to give him a bit of a challenge.
“I’m afraid I’ve come to beg a favour,” John said, with his eyes squished up and looking deeply uncomfortable, hand rubbing the back of his neck. “I’ve just been informed that I was volunteered to make cookies for Charlie’s class tomorrow and I haven’t got enough sugar in. Is there any way I could borrow a cup off you?”
“You don’t control me, Sherlock. And I don’t control you. This is your decision to make as well as mine.”
And bends.
“I want both of you.”
“Daddy, it would fill me so completely. Touch places inside me no cock has ever been. It would mark me inside it would get so deep. Make me walk funny the next day. Everyone would know that my Daddy has a big perfect cock and that he fucks me so good with it. So big and perfect that I’m aching the next day, but still begging for it because I feel so empty without it. Oh, Daddy, it’s going to
“I didn’t—“
He sobs.
John has to smother a smile, Sherlock’s stunning intelligence and flustered confusion at once is adorable and John feels affection burst hot and sweet beneath his breastbone and melt down his navel. He wants to give this man everything.
There will be other times for all that.
Sherlock’s gaze is steady. Soft. A smile lingers on his lips.
“Something happened at the surgery,” I said, my eyes flicking up and down his body. “Something to make it shut down suddenly. Power outage, chemical spill…”
Bending down she picked the orange cat up and brought him to her chest. He meowed in greeting and butted his head against her face, rubbing himself aggressively underneath her chin. It made her smile, toothy and wide, but she caught herself when her eyes met his and she looked down. “I’m sorry we bothered you,” she said, turning to go.
Sherlock tosses the mobile on the table and picks up his paper tea cup.
Fucking hell.
“Be still.”
“You’re very devious, you know,” Sherlock says, dipping the spoon back into the carton. “Sneaking around town buying up beds and mattresses and tea cups and duvets.”
“Stop.”
“This is how she tells the others how far the food is from the hive. She waggles her tush back and forth and depending on how long this centre line she depicts how far the others need to fly to get there. If it is short then the nectar or pollen is close by. If it is a long line then it is farther afield. Does that make sense?”
“All right, all right,” John said, “obviously you’ve had a grand time, but grandma’s not feeling well and I’m afraid we’re going to have to call it a day.”
“Well?” John says, after a bit. After Sherlock has slipped out of him, flaccid, unspent, after he has curled up next to John, wrapped himself all around him, his ear pressed to John’s heart. “Any better?”
“You take those long showers.”
“What do you want?” Sherlock asked, standing rigid, voice cold. He wanted nothing more than to get past her and into his house.
Upstairs he stands just inside his room. Tears burn at the backs of his eyes. John sniffs and blinks them away.
“You are absolutely fucking magnificent,” John breathes, in complete reverent worship of him.
You can smell him.
I just left you at the cove.
John licks his lips.
It’s him when he’s hard.
“Is that what today was? The wining and dining and dancing? You were winding me up?”
“He wants me to run it,” Sherlock says, grim. Irene tilts her head, yes.
Sherlock’s breath tearing fast against John’s cheek as John works straining buttons through their holes. He wants Sherlock’s skin, every alabaster inch of it. He wants to watch it blush, grow red from want and touch. Sherlock’s stomach jumps beneath his hands as John parts Sherlock’s shirt and pushes it off his shoulders. John’s heart pounding in his fingertips as they trace across Sherlock’s bare skin.
“All I need from you is communication for this to work. Can you do that?” John nuzzles the rough side of his nose and brushes their mouths together.
John's mouth opens underneath him. Their tongues slipping against each other and John can't hold back the breathy moan that escapes him.
, kiss to the underside of John’s crown, makes John gasp. His muscles clench, toes and fingers digging into the sheets.
When he obeyed I slicked up the inside of his thighs with the chocolate and then, urging his legs back together, I slid into the tight slippery space between.
John turns slightly aside and discreetly adjusts himself.
you come back.”
"Are you deigning to walk all the way back, sir?" Sherlock asks, ribbing him, his eyes iridescent and dazzling, his smile charming and unguarded.
“She’s irresistible,” Ellen murmured, her eyes becoming hooded and fervid, as Zoe turned to them, her colour high, curls wild, and giggling as Ellen wrapped her arms around her and caught her up in a kiss.
You don’t make it through med school and basic training without learning how to rein in your pride and take instruction from your betters. John does as he’s told. Sucking at the tip and letting the saliva run down, slicking up the shaft for his fist.
“What do you want now?” John asks, rubbing his thumbs across the tops of Sherlock’s creamy white thighs.
John bends his arm over his head, sets the other on top of his stomach. “What would you do if I wasn’t here?”
I stripped off my clothes and got into bed, fuming silently as I lay beneath the covers. Diarrhoea be damned, I wouldn’t be treated like a child.
John lifts his hand out of the water and rests it on the lip of the tub. Sherlock reaches out and rubs his fingertips lightly over the tops of John’s knuckles. Water droplets run down John’s fingers to drip back into the tub, making the surface ripple.
“I have to be on my best behaviour here,” Sherlock admits, the corner of his mouth curling up. “Or else they’ll kick me out.”
“Really, I don’t want to be a bother—“
“I’m sorry. I think I was still a little exasperated with you. Left over from my fuming on the Tube ride home. I’ll be better now, I promise.”
When Sherlock had first come back from the dead (interrupting him during a date at a restaurant no less) John had refused to see him.
“Did she use her teeth?” you asked.
“You told me that if you stop moving you’ll die!” John shouts, his blood pounding up to throb in his cheeks and forehead. He pushes himself up to standing and reels, lightheaded. He puts out a hand and grips the back of one of the chairs. “You told me that you use sex to turn your brain off, that that’s how you keep from going mad! What the fuck was I supposed to think?”
engulfed in heat,
“It starts out a bit like kissing.”
“Make you?”
Sherlock thought about that for a moment. “I suppose I’ve been reaching out more.”
“Don’t get stroppy,” John admonishes him gently. “And we’re heading down tomorrow anyway. I’d like to know what to expect.”
John cups his face.
“Well, that explains why they’re a bit tense around you then.”
“—And when I voice one unfavourable opinion, about my sister, mind you, who I fancy I know rather better than you, who’ve never met her—“
Disclaimer: I am not a doctor. If anyone notices anything wrong with what I've described here, please let me know! I would be happy to make changes and grateful to you for pointing them out.
He parked and looked down at his soot stained hands, still reeling from the shock of the day’s work.
Sherlock’s hand hovered in the air between them. There was a sadness in his eyes that John recognized.
Sherlock’s fingers clench against the glass.
John, by some miracle, comprehends the change in plans that the CFO’s assistant is communicating to him and he just has the presence of mind to thank Travis and request that he forward him his flight information, before hanging up and tossing his phone behind him.
“Anything specific?”
“I can promise you that I will tell you if I feel like I’m getting to that place again.”
John groans and opens for him.
“You want, you want me to fuck you.”
“Me either. You drive me mad. Absolutely barking mad.”
The angle’s awkward. He can’t quite reach Sherlock’s mouth. He pushes back and Sherlock winds his arms around John’s chest, pulling him up until John is sitting in Sherlock’s lap, pressed against the length of his warm, milky body. Sherlock’s cock slid into the slick seam of John’s arse. Pressed hot and close;
“That was a really, really good kiss,” he whispered.
Sherlock just holds him like that for long minutes that John loses track of. Just holds him while John sobs quietly in his arms.
Lets his lips skim up across his cheekbone.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, that’s a relief.” John leans down and kisses him once before pulling him up.
“Yes, because you’re alive and can be helped and they can’t.”
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asks, lips parted. Pink and plummy. His eyes dark, half lidded, fringed in thick black lashes.
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock doesn’t take any convincing. He plasters himself against John’s back and groans directly into John’s ear as he slides into the tight slippery space. John flexes his muscles as Sherlock thrusts and he wins another broken moan. John reaches back and grips Sherlock’s hair, twisting as he tugs Sherlock down. John kisses him, hard and wet and off center, tongues tangling, teeth scraping.
“Dr. Watson,” he said, shaking the man’s hand. “Hello, Charlie.” He nodded to the girl who’s eyes were trained on the gravel drive. John took his hand back from Sherlock and wrapped it around her shoulder, pulling her into his body.
“That’s enough,” Vivica said, holding up a hand. “Noor, we know how the natural beekeepers feel about us commercial beekeepers; do you have anything to add about Oliver Pollack?”
“In the mud room,” Sherlock said, slouching forward, a bone-deep exhaustion mantling him, his eyes ponderously heavy, his ears buzzing.
“Sherlock,” he pants, desperation building. “I need—”
John stares at his hands curled around his knees, feels the prickling heat of Sherlock’s gaze on the back of his neck.
Harder, pressing John’s lips against his teeth.
And so, cloaked in darkness and kneeling at his feet, both vulnerable to discovery, both vulnerable to what lies ahead of them, both only able to control this moment, John knows that he can trust Sherlock to tell him when he’s had enough. And that Sherlock trusts John to stop when he says so.
“Won’t work. You’re cute when you’re cross too. Enjoy the sushi!” Sherlock calls over his shoulder as he opens the door and swirls through, disappearing into the hallway.
for bidding on me and donating to
“...but some of us like to know who’s going to be entering our community...”
“John, be still.”
“Fuck.” John gasps for air. “How did I not know you were like this?”
light,
Sherlock, shaking with tiny electric tremors, nods, his blushing cheek pressed into the mattress, his black eyes wide and looking up at John with absolute permission.
“Ok, let’s start somewhere else. What’s changed since I last saw you?”
“I want to fuck you and suck you and finger you and milk you and watch you be fucked all at once.”
Blue eyes ravishing you, worshipping you, touching you all over with their ardent, hungry light.
“Sherlock, even if you don’t care about being here, I do. I would be risking my spot here.”
Keeping his vow.
John lies down next to Sherlock and turns on his side, facing away.
“Yes, but sex isn’t a gateway to addiction for me. I’m not worried about it leading me to relapse.”
“It’s been some time since we last saw you.”
“I don’t
“Right, now that’s sorted, I’m off to bed. I’ve had too much wine, and as lovely as you lot are, I’m knackered.” Zoe rose and proceeded to go about the room hugging everyone goodbye.
Sherlock, watching John approach, smirks, god damn him. Eyes pleating at the corners, his chins folding up, tripling up and
John shakes his head.
“Well, it’s bloody freezing and I—“
Sherlock does. Right across from John. His knees in between John’s open knees. His big hands holding the box like it’s something precious. John looks at him, savouring the delicate rose blush on his cheeks, the wet pink of his parted lips, the inky pitch of his lashes framing pale blue eyes.
A ripple of anticipation passes down Sherlock’s body, pricking the skin on the back of his thighs in goosebumps, and John can hear his panting filling the room.
Two fingers now, circling.
“But he’s not—“
“You all right?” John asks, quiet.
Please subscribe to that fic (there will be 8 chapters in all) as I won't be adding new chapters here each time to let you know when a new chapter posts over there.
It’s painful, almost, how much you want him to undo your belt and draw down your zip, how much you want to fill his hand and let the heat of him engulf your skin.
John lets out a shaky breath and Sherlock rests his palms on his chest, waiting.
Ellen tutted. “Zoe.”
John was sitting across from me in his arm chair. There was a cup of tea, long gone cold, at his elbow, a paperback novel split open by his left thumb across his knee.
It’s too much.
“You want me to sit on your cock John?”
Interesting.
“You said.” Sodding hell look at him. Just look at him. How are you supposed to focus on anything when he is in your bed looking like that? You drag your eyes away from the defined muscles of his stomach and the hard red beads of his nipples and you meet the deep sea cobalt of his eyes. It’s not any easier. He’s smiling at you crookedly and he’s blushed to a lovely crimson across his cheeks, but you listen, you do, when he says, “You said you’d kiss every inch of me. You said you’d solve my puzzle.”
Kiss.
No longer on the other side of something John can’t scale.
“I don’t think Evan understands. I think they think a woman is dead and that I should help.”
“Yes, they are. You said so yesterday. Christ, Sherlock if I had known—“
“You’re right, I didn’t get started in the leather scene. I’m afraid it’s not all that interesting though.” Sherlock keeps running his fingers over John’s hand, drifting lightly over the back, before finally coming to a rest atop his wrist, long fingers curling underneath. John counts the freckles on his skin and sketches the rigid blue veins in his forearm with his eyes. “I had a boyfriend in the army who liked it; wanted to call me Daddy when we fucked. I was uncomfortable with it at first. It didn’t feel right. All those reasons people hurl at us: that it’s playing at incest, that it’s degrading, that it’s built on unequal power structures, that it’s abusive. I believed all of it at first.” John’s cheeks still sting at the memory, a vestigial shame response that burns in his chest. He doesn’t fight it. Just lets it wash over him. It passes quickly. “But, at the same time, I loved it when we role played it together. It felt so…so…”
John can’t look away. Sherlock’s eyes are closed, his head tipped back, his curls tumbling down his nape in an ebony tumult. He's carved in light, in tension, in sweat, his muscles clenched and straining.
“You can tell me in your own time, Sherlock, there’s no rush.”
John kissed me, slid his mouth over mine and I opened to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, John.” Clara reaches over and takes Harry’s hand.
Christ.
He fascinates you.
He nudges your shirt aside and noses down towards your armpit, scenting you.
Allison clears her throat.
John licks in.
John swivels on his stool and greets him with an appreciative glance skated up and down the entire delicious length of him, taking in each and every svelte inch. He’s trim and handsome as ever. Dressed in his black suit with his obscenely tight black shirt that should be illegal, strutting with his pristine curls and his decadently pink lips and the marble column of his neck stretching out of his collar. God, his neck. John licks his lips and spreads his palms over the drums of his thighs, mouth dry, heart speeding up.
“No, no, now. I need your cock, now.”
Sherlock is breathing heavily, almost gasping for air. John watches as Sherlock’s feet appear in his field of view. Feels Sherlock’s big, warm hand knit itself into the short strands of his hair. Feels him tug. He tips his head back and finds Sherlock looming over him, his face snarled, his eyes dark.
drives, me to use.”
Sherlock’s skin breaks out in goosebumps at the possibilities this game opens up. “Oh, yes, sir, I think that’s a spectacular idea.”
“John, that’s wonderful!”
Roughed up, “You’d lick me.”
You push your hips into him, desperate, and his other hand drops down to palm you through your trousers.
I do not need to remind you do I?
But there is another side to him that John is privy to, the man peeking behind his mask. This is the man John fell in love with. The mischief and the boundless enthusiasm, the passion and the ego, the ennui and the addict, the intellect and the delighted wonder, the curiosity and the selflessness. Sherlock holds back from the public these parts that are vulnerable to ridicule. The parts that people denigrate him for.
“Stop it.”
Sherlock nods, the tip of his tongue peeking out of the corner of his mouth, brows furrowed as his hand speeds up. His gaze fixed on John’s mouth.
Soft lips, sweet tongues, gentle hands.
Up against the door and still fully clothed. Four buttons unbuttoned, shirt tails still tucked in, undone simply by the feel of his mouth on your skin. You haven’t even kissed properly yet and you can already feel the nascent ache in your thighs begin to build, radiating out through your navel in waves of heat.
“No.”
They eat in companionable silence for a few minutes. Just the clink of their dueling forks against the rim of the bowl and the rain outside.
Sherlock spreads his legs in answer and is rewarded with what feels like two lapping tongues at his hole.
“Promise me,” he said, as I tried, unsuccessfully, to comfort him with my mouth.
Sherlock laughs softly.
John can feel his cock stretching Sherlock out around him.
Ellen leaned back in her seat, her eyebrows raised.
Sherlock doesn’t speak for the rest of the trip. Spends it inside the bedroom until Nora announces it's time to land. He seems lost to John on the ride home. Doesn’t respond when they arrive at John’s house and John asks if he’ll eat lunch, just goes into the spare room and shuts the door.
John follows Sherlock into their room and collapses onto the side of the bed, bending down to peel off his ruined socks.
John, scrambling, dipped the spoon he had been using earlier into the bowl and then drizzled the chocolate directly onto his cock. The spoon clanged against the rim as he dropped it, sliding both of his hands into my hair and guiding me forward.
The way it grows rapid when John flicks at his nipples with the tip of his tongue.
who created a wonderful poem, and to
A chuckle rumbles up his chest and escapes before he can swallow it down, shattering the quiet of the cab. His shoulders start to shake. The cabbie’s eyes meet his in the rearview mirror and John loses himself, curving forward and giggling, eventually wiping tears from his eyes and gasping for breath.
Exhales.
This story would not exist without the encouragement of so many people, including everyone who commented and kudos and were excited at the end of Guilty Secrets for more of this universe. I am sure I will leave out someone but just to name a pivotal few: lawyermargo, GWWG, Violetwylde, Starrla89, cwb, Happierstill, and Hiddenlacuna. You guys helped me through some really dark times this year and I love you all so dearly. Thank you for standing by me. Thank you for betaing. Thank you for cheerleading. Oh look, I'm crying. It's cool. It's cool. Just, thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
still warm to the touch it turned out. His lips especially so.
, he thought again; not without bitterness, not without gratitude, not without hope, and not without fear. He was learning to live with the paradox of being present and intentional with his thinking while acknowledging the unruly complexity of his emotions. His therapist, he thought wryly, conjuring Tim’s bearded face from rehab, would be proud.
“Need anything?” Sherlock asks.
“Tried that.”
“Don’t have to meet Lestrade until 6 o’clock.”
For this. The culmination. For John’s transformation. For John inside him, his tentacle shoving deep, spreading Sherlock’s arse wide around its penetrating arm, its tip milking Sherlock’s prostrate with frightening precision so that he spills every thick creamy drop inside John’s come hungry body, setting off tiny explosions that reverberate out through Sherlock in stinging whiplash surges, as John rises and falls over him, blanketing him in the slippery wet heat of his animal body, kissing Sherlock and kissing Sherlock and kissing Sherlock, all while he rides Sherlock’s cock hard and rough and good.
“I was a right idiot,” John says, shaking his head at the memory. “I was so nervous. I was standing there and a bloke came up and started chatting with me about drumming, asking me all these questions and I was just arsing my way through it, claiming I was in a band and all this utter, utter shite. Just, just trying to get away as quick as I could. I grabbed the first pair I could find and then went to go pay.”
“Then that,” John says, “is what we will do.”
“You once had me take on a role to show you what I needed, remember?”
John nods. Glances into the backseat.
He leans up and into you, smiles bumping, and you gather the warm, damp shape of him into your arms.
Content Warning: Just a head's up that this chapter contains a description of a panic attack and mentions a history of self-harm. There is no suicide attempt in this chapter nor will there be one in this story, but learning to get through tough moments and dealing with the repercussions of his past is a part of Sherlock's character arc.
He’s a blank blinking mess when John pulls back a moment later. Him reeling back against the desk, his hands wrapped around the edge for purchase, looking down at John through his lashes, dazed and flushed.
“That too.”
“Hello, gorge—“
A huge thank you to my beta
“Yeah,” you say, hanging you head between your shoulders and bowing your back.
John could die happy. He’s delirious a bit. He didn’t think this game would go quite this well. Especially after the way it had started, but Sherlock is here with him, really here. Not somewhere else, not some cold place calculating his next move. He’s here with John, fully present and they’re connecting.
“You do?” Sherlock’s eyes flick back and forth between John’s, still uncertain.
“Don’t.” Sherlock starts to push the door closed, forcing John to take two steps back.
Heart pounding.
John raps his fist against the tabletop and turns to go.
“Fucking hell, Harry, you can’t be—“ he says, grabbing it from her hand, only to have it slosh over the rim. “—serious. Clara, how could—“ John breaks off to lick his thumb and realises.
His moonlight eyes on John’s hot skin.
“If I come back.” Tongue darting out to wet his lips. Lashes dark against the bright glister of his eyes. “I’ll look you up, yeah?”
He burrows his nose into Sherlock’s spine and grunts his displeasure.
“Yes, Sherlock.”
“I look at you like this, and you know you’re safe.”
He drags his tongue up. One long wet stripe until all of the ice cream is gone.
The thought sends a hot pulse sluicing through him and John stands, his mind made up.
“I think you better stop that now,” John says, nodding towards Sherlock’s hand. “It’s my turn.”
He kissed me softly.
It’s them together.
“I have an idea, but I’d like to hear you say it.”
.” John can’t wait to hear the sounds Sherlock makes when he drags his beard over other parts of Sherlock’s body, but for now he’s content to lick at the boy’s plush mouth until he slowly parts his lips. John takes the upper between his own, softly sucking on it until Sherlock groans, so deep it sounds like he’s hurt, and so John presses up, presses closer, tilting Sherlock’s head so that he can fit his tongue inside.
Ella waits.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said. “I had a panic attack. It’s a perfectly normal occurrence for someone with a traumatic past. I didn’t take anything. I didn’t even feel the impulse to. And besides all that I don’t keep anything in the house.”
“I have done this before,” Sherlock says, drily.
John yawns and tries to think of where else they might be. The housekeeper had been there just that morning. “Dryer?” he suggests.
Sherlock needs John, that’s clear, but the look he’d glimpsed on Sherlock’s face when he didn’t know that John was looking, had sent a cold spike drilling through John’s chest. It isn’t how John operates, through false fronts and manipulation. He’d felt like they’d had a breakthrough on the plane, Sherlock’s walls had been down, they’d connected, but now John can feel the machination of Sherlock’s mind churning when they’re together. He is trying to please John. Trying to figure out what John wants so that he can give it to him. Normally that would have been fine, it isn’t as if his other boys hadn’t done the same, but with Sherlock it feels as if there’s an ulterior motive, as if something rides on Sherlock ensuring John’s possession of him. Something big.
“It’s nothing.”
When his thumbs reach the head, now fully exposed, fat and red and glistening, Sherlock moves them up and down, worrying at John’s frenulum, over and over.
“What the hell was that for?” John asks, breathless with laughter and grinning down at him. He’s lovely, smiling with his teeth, his chins folded up, eyes creased into two half moons as he wriggles beneath John, trying to get free. When he heaves up against John, John stills him with a wrestling move he learned from his lover in Afghanistan so that they end up on their sides with John’s ankles hooked around each other, holding Sherlock between his tensed thighs, one arm wrapped tightly around his shoulders, Sherlock’s back to John’s front.
“Do you want me to—“
“But he could be bi,” Ellen said, her tone hopeful.
He looks utterly at peace. His face is at ease, all the lines smoothed out. He could be asleep, but John can see the smile quivering at the corners of his mouth.
They break apart a moment later, and John, breathing hard, taps the play button again.
John watches, trying to get himself back under control. The shirt drops and he’s treated to a brief glimpse of Sherlock as he snaps on his bedside lamp: naked, his pale flesh streaked in watery green light from the storm-lashed window to his right. Sherlock’s hair a black cloud, an ebony corona, floating around his face.
Scalded.
Of the case we had just closed?
A bit of a flirt and he’s all rosy pink.
“I’m close,” I whispered, unable to keep from thrusting. John simply squeezed the back of my thighs and opened his throat to me, swallowing me down. I came inside him in a hot, mind-splintering rush, my movements erratic and clumsy, my hips stuttering, overcome by how bloody good it felt, and I finished, spilling on his tongue and lips.
“Idiot.”
He follows the rivulets of soap down.
It wasn’t fair.
“Sherlock.” The tone makes Sherlock go silent. He feels John’s hands in his hair, urging him forward, until Sherlock’s forehead is pressed to the centre of John’s chest, the beat of his heart thumping steadily behind his ribs.
Once you cross the threshold to your bedroom the quality of the air changes. You had left your bedroom windows open, genius you, and the air is cooler here and smells of grass and the flowers from Mrs. Haynes’s garden, two flats below.
And then, well, then he had started crying.
John and Jenny run the children’s story hour three times a week, Jenny being the main attraction, as well as an after school writing class where kids and tweens and teens were able to be a part of the book creation process from start to finish, from storyboarding to plotting to illustration to finally binding their very own book.
His lips are soft and chill with morning air, his breath warm and a bit sour between. John doesn’t care.
“Nothing, I just don’t see why you’ve called me all the way down here when it’s clear you don’t actually need me.” It comes out more annoyed than he feels, but he’s shaken and all he wants to do is get as far away from Sherlock as he can.
“Keen on playing doctor are you?”
“I want what you described earlier today. Equal partners.”
It made him shiver to think what would have ensued after such a frank, honest statement.
Thankfully he doesn’t have time to dwell on the thought of having to pack up and move on quite yet because the water turns off in the bathroom and now John’s ears are perked like Jenny’s, listening to the sounds of Sherlock moving about. By the time he hears the sound of the door opening John’s heart is drumming in his chest.
“Take me to her,” Sherlock says a moment later and then stops in his tracks, his eyes zeroed in on three wine glasses sitting on the sideboard, one still containing claret colored dregs. A bottle, two-thirds full, sits beside them. This time Sherlock does taste. He picks up the glass, which has already been dusted for fingerprints, and dips his pinky finger into the depths and brings it to his mouth. Sherlock’s eyes flare, a flash of starfire there and gone, as he smirks and sets the cup back down.
John goes to unlock the door. “There’s always next time,” John says over his shoulder, “in his new office. We can christen it for him if you like."
When John gets out of the shower and wraps himself up in his robe, the flat is filled with the scent of frying bacon.
He knew me. He knew my methods. He knew how I got in these moments. He knew how low I stooped. He knew that he would bear the brunt of it. He tried his best to head them off at the pass, but when I was seized I was often lost to reason. He watched me with all the circumspection of someone sizing up a wild animal just loosed from a cage. The analogy was an apt one. I was not in control.
“I’ll tell Sherlock, it’s a shame he couldn’t be here, he’d probably be able to tell where that fabric strand came from exactly and the year it was woven, but Violet’s in a bit of a jam and she needed his help. Can you email me the pictures you took before I arrived?”
and tell me if I’m lying.”
.”  Then he gave his grandson a stern look, “And bring along a bodyguard.”
Meanwhile, the voices got louder, more distinct, as they all could definitely tell now, the owners’ of those voices were speaking English. The King’s English, to be precise:
Not Intervention weather.
“What the…?” he turned around, startled.
“Staying with Mary, like an idiot, I am aware.”
Violet shot Sherlock a sideways glance, arching an eyebrow over her fake spectacles.
“Your lungs,” she shrugged.
9:40 PM
Even Ford and Mycroft had bought into the lies, that she was a slightly dotty, but brilliant mathematician who had hung it all up to raise her children. That she had refused the Fields Medal to be a mum. Poor Mycroft, he nearly had a heart attack when he gained enough clearance to read his mother’s dossiers.
He moved when he heard plastic rustling. He lowered his arm when he saw Molly waddling out of the kitchen, with a bucket filled with cleaning supplies and a large rubbish liner.
He resumed drawing the structural formula for acetic acid.
“What?”
Violet smiled indulgently.  “Finish your drink then maybe Sherlock will let you play on his computer for a bit before your mother arrives.”
Then, evilly, he imagined telling his Little Brother that Ford had been very sentimental when naming his daughter and the S stood for…
Sherlock decided there was no God..."
“No.”
Sally’s mouth dropped open. “Shut up.
Janine nervously looked over her shoulder as if she expected to see someone sneaking up behind her. Then she whispered fiercely, “
Thanks always for reading :^)
I’m craving fish and chips actually.
William nodded against Mycroft’s neck. “At the dinner table tonight, he sat next to me and…” a sob choked him and he couldn’t continue. He tightened his grip around Mycroft’s neck again.
3 January 1984
John ignored them the best he could. He stared stoically ahead, willing himself to see nothing.
son.”
he thought blearily.
To his credit, Mycroft did not sound as oleaginous as usual. “To listen.”
“I’m not letting you go on… on… a suicide run just so you can get your kicks!”
Violet got up, wearing what obviously was a man’s T-shirt and boxers. Mitton tried to hide his shock when he saw how thin she was now and she hadn’t weighed much when he first met her. He also saw the black and blue and green and purple splotches on her leg as she knelt  by the cooler, the shorts riding up.
He turned his head around, but said nothing.
“What? Why?”
John didn’t have the energy to argue with Sherlock on that point.  “Who is the real villain, Sherlock?”  He asked wearily instead. “Your bloody brother, that’s who, and we’ve all gotten fucked by him. He’s all but holding you and Violet hostage. He won’t tell me where my daughter is…” John ran his hands over his face then let his arms fall limply to his sides. “What did that bastard do?” he asked Dupin. “Or should I say, what else did he do?”
“You don’t have to make it sound… dirty,” Sherlock mumbled, still staring at his shoes. “It’s not like that. It’s not like
“Don’t tell me how to do my job!” she snapped.
John caught the look and everything came crashing down.
Violet looked up from the piano. “Good morning,” she beamed.
Fortunately, there are still kind and decent people roaming this earth. A gray-haired man and his silvery-haired wife had just walked out of a restaurant and saw Sherlock desperately hailing a cab, while hanging on to John and calling 999 on his mobile all at the same time. They also had perceived that John clearly was in bad shape, and not just from a night of pub-crawling.
“Oh go on. That poncy greatcoat has seen far worse than a bit of rain,” John scoffed as he coiled his arms around Sherlock. His hand running up and down Sherlock’s biceps, John murmured, “Bad’un, then? The dream?”
Sherlock never paid much mind to politics. However, one of Winston Churchill’s many quotes had always stuck in his mind…
Once her mind calmed, she walked back to her vehicle, barefoot. She used her sock to brush the crusted on salt and sand from her feet then slipped her feet into sandals instead.
“Deduce,” Sherlock sourly corrected him. “I deduce how a film is going to end.”
“No CCTV cameras,” Sherlock murmured when John was centimetres away from him. “Big Brother is always watching you know.”
“I’m not in the mood to be deduced,” John said sourly as he blew on his cold hands. He wanted to go back into the Volvo to fetch his heavy parka and gloves.
again John’s thoughts tapered off as his heart rate started to race while his blood pressure began to plummet.
sweet.
“Semantics,” Sherlock waved John’s words away. But then he said, “And I remember
“Nausea’s finally letting up,” Mary admitted. “Felt ill in the morning, but didn’t get sick. And,” She turned her head so she could give John a kiss on the lips. “I’m ravenous.”
At first, at any rate.
“Ah,” Violet saw another piece of the puzzle lock into place. ”The wolves in lambs’ clothing, the Cullen-Culpeppers had been friends with your family for generations.”
Her ankles were tied together with silken ribbons as well. Her feet were bare. It was obvious (to Sherlock anyway, even in the dim lighting around the pool) that Mrs. Hudson had been wearing the same festive floor-length sundress for at least two days now. She had obviously planned on going to the beach when she had been abducted. She also must have been wearing slip-on shoes that had fallen off when they took her. Even though her feet were dirty, it was apparent she had treated herself to a pedicure three days ago. Pink, with little flowers delicately painted on the big toes.
Sherlock treated the Dark Web the same way he treated poisonous snakes; he respected its power but did not poke it with a stick; he was content to observe. Knowing the evildoings the Dark Web hid, using it made him uneasy, nearly ill sometimes if he allowed himself to dwell too long on the matter. But it was better he use it rather than Professor Moriarty or worse, Mycroft.
Chapter Twenty-Two: The Immortal Life
“Why was Magnussen blackmailing you?”
He found Mary in their bedroom, sorting laundry into darks and lights, getting ready to throw them in the washer later that night. “Hey.”
“I’m meeting Mycroft tonight, after everyone leaves.”
Violet had just shut the door, trying to figure out what to do next when she heard Mrs. Toller calling “Trixie? Trixie? Where are you, luv?”
The scene brought Violet to tears. She covered her mouth and nose with both hands for a second then knelt down in front of Gladstone’s cage. She cupped his big black-and-tan head, careful not to disturb his IV or his wounds. She babbled, “Oh Stone, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have left you alone in the room, I shouldn’t have brought you with, I should have left you in London. I’m sorry I was so stupid.”
-       SH
John kept that dark thought to himself.
As hot as he felt, John wasn’t sure if snails were his best option.
“He is just as excited about my fiancée as I was about his.”
“I’m picking him up at King’s Cross at noon,” Mr. Holmes paused at the top of the stairs. “Mike, listen, be nice to your brother this weekend, no listen to me now. I know you two like to take the piss out of each other. Your uncle Rudy and I did the same when we were young. But this is an important weekend for William-”
“Sherlock, what is it?”
pose, or Firelog pose. To John, it just looked like Dupin had his long legs twisted up like a pretzel.
, John thought again.
leave the crime-fighting to the professionals and enjoy a second honeymoon courtesy of the Met? Marriage is equal parts work and pleasure. I should know,” he finally looked away from his laptop to make sheep’s eyes at a framed photograph of the ugliest woman imaginable. ”It will be twenty-five years next month,” he gushed.
“I knew this was a mistake,” Sherlock said bitterly. “Clearly you’ve observed that…” he screwed up his face as he pressed his hand to his belly. “I am most likely suffering from a peptic stomach ulcer. Uncle Rudy had one, remember?”
. Keep going. This will probably be the only time your short stature will be an advantage.”
“So, you, Maid Marion and your merry band of men decided to embark on a suicide mission to rescue Mitton, which you defied the odds and survived.”
‘Fair point,” Mary said, trying to plug in the memory stick to the tablet. Her hands were shaking.
“Where do you think Jim was when Richard put his plans to…uh,
“No,” Violet bit her lip and looked around the narrow space she occupied.
The original plan was to go to Angelo’s after sorting things out with Harry, hopefully with Harry and Clara joining them. A nice, quiet dinner on their last night in London for who knows how long…
“But we don’t have a smoking gun to give to The Met for an arrest or a search.”
“Sherlock?” Violet immediately was concerned.
Heathcliff, in a full strop now, sulked out of Mycroft’s bedroom. Mycroft counted slowly to ten then he limped to his bedroom door, the adrenaline wearing off and the pain reasserting itself. He poked his head out his bedroom door, looking left and right, making sure that Heathcliff wasn’t skulking around in the halls.
Sherlock inwardly cringed. “Well, yes, err,” Sherlock slid his fingers from the doctor’s firm grip. “No point in delaying, if you’ve decided to stay the course.”
“You do? Oh, thank God, has she gotten in touch with you then?”
“Don’t make me bring up Prague,” Sherlock drawled. “How you conned me into moving back to London after your father cut you off financially. Or how you found solace with others whenever I was in rehab or when my parents carted me off to that tedious eating disorder clinic that one ghastly Christmas holiday. Or was it New Years,” he mused then shrugged. “Shortly before my twenty-fifth birthday at any rate.”
, the original Hans Christian Andersen fairy tale. Violet had been horrified and fascinated by the grim cautionary tale about how you shouldn’t change yourself for someone you love. How the little mermaid had traded her tail in for legs in order to win the heart of the prince, but every step caused her pain, as if knives pierced her flesh over and over. And the prince had left her for another anyway.
“I always knew you were a liar,” Sherlock snarled as he reached into the Belstaff for The Letter.
The town car pulled up next to the 2013 Ford Transit Courier parked halfway down the driveway. Only when the chauffeur let John and Mycroft out of the town car, did Lestrade and Sherlock hop out of the mini-van. Gladstone followed Sherlock with an elegant leap from the van.
But the necktie choked the life out of him.
We’ll have the house to ourselves again
Violet was neither a code-breaker nor a genius so she was content to let Sherlock work. After fetching him a pen and a pad of paper, she pulled out a chair and sat down. As she scratched Gladstone’s ears, she watched him work, fascinated at the speed of how his mind absorbed and processed information. His nimble fingers flew as he scribbled letters on the notepad in chicken scratch rather than his usual lovely handwriting.
“Maybe as payback for not granting his request to go to America so he could pursue acting, who knows,” Jim glowered at his cognac. He did not engage in the niceties of drinking the rich alcohol. The warming of the glass, the smelling, the swirling, he had no use of that for now. He took a preemptive sip, not even waiting for the drink to reach room temperature. “Maybe he really was sicker in the head than we all thought. Or maybe he thought it would just be
“I left Prague for you, you know,” Sherlock nastily reminded Victor.
, Sherlock groaned to himself. Mycroft never had been young at heart. Even as a child, he had behaved more like a fussy old lady than like a young boy. Late middle-age suited him well enough but old age would fit him like a comfortable old shoe.
“So you said something about a robbery?” John asks Lestrade, turning his back on Sherlock's smirk.
“Well, needs must, John. I didn’t have time for all that.”
“You didn’t have to give me a gift, you know.” John shifts a little against the pillows at his back, scooting his arse closer to Sherlock, he really doesn’t want to talk about
Tom’s voice was thick with emotion when he responded a few long moments later. “I don’t think I was acting on the assumption of a typical addict. I think I was subconsciously acting on my own judgment that a relapse or act of self-harm would undo all the progress you had made, that that was worse than meeting you where you were in that moment, which is inexcusable. I panicked and thought I was acting in your own best interest. You’re right, I wasn’t thinking clearly about you or trusting in the skills you have developed over the years to get you through a moment like that, I was acting on my own set of assumptions and biases. I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
Sherlock, knowing the weight of the consequences, shakes his head.
“The signs?”
According to the clock that was two hours ago. The clock now reads 5pm.
Sherlock is staring at his hand.
“I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“You could be nicer to her you know,” Sherlock says, not bothering to look up.
Sherlock stills beside him. His lashes flickering as he pulls himself out of whatever place in his mind palace he had retreated to. His shoulders straighten, a slack line pulled taut, and he turns his head just enough so that he meets John’s eyes, two blades of silver strafing over John’s face.
“Do you mean besides getting to share my life with the person I love most in the world, because that seems pretty obvious, even to me.”
John opens his eyes and looks down and his heart almost stops.
I tried to imagine it, you in place of Calum. Calum had been terrified. Rough and furtive and ashamed. He kissed like a punch, hard and explosive, sharp teeth and pressure, without finesse or pleasure. It had been hand jobs behind old crumbling sheds and frottage while swimming in the pond. It had been a blowjob in a movie theater and once, a quick, dry, painful fuck bent over my grandfather’s kitchen table with my fist in my mouth and only spit for lube, the night before I was heading back to school.
“I could show you…”
, John thinks wildly,
John doesn’t let Sherlock deter him with kisses either, even if he would very much like to.
One word.
He’s so bloody beautiful.
Sherlock fumbles about behind him, blind.
To stay.
“Big, John. Christ, get in.”
“Surprise me,” Sherlock said. He hadn’t had much appetite over the last few days and nothing stood out to him.
“It’s not,” Sherlock said reassuringly. He took a moment to think about what he needed to join the others in the sitting room and feel safe. “I think I’d just appreciate you respecting that I don’t want to talk about the case, the one in my past or the one going on right now.”
0 stories about the club released, a statement to the power and influence the men wielded, however the community could no longer take the risk of keeping John as a member, his reputation being tarnished.
“Go away Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock roars.
“And you will belong to me.”
Sherlock had said. The vulnerability of it makes John arch, hips pushing up, searching for more contact.  A small moan escaping his lips as Sherlock takes his hands away to add yet more oil to John’s aching prick.
can sink the tip
“For what?”
John can’t look at Sherlock’s mouth without thinking of how it had felt moving against his own.
His bollocks.
“What’s that?”
It’s perfect.
I didn’t know what I wanted to say until I was across the space and astride your lap.
Sherlock wiggles his hips in frustration, making noises around the prick in his mouth, and John pulls off to ask what the matter is.
“I turned the heat up,” Sherlock says placatingly. “Wake up, John.” His tone is playful. It’s much too cheerful for John’s taste. At this hour, it’s unseemly.
“John,” I gasped, hoarse, my mouth gone dry. I leaned harder into the bed, needing support.
They kiss.
John fucks him through it, through the final, weak pulsations of thin translucent come, until Sherlock, overcome and weak and giddy, collapses on the bed in exhaustion, smiling. John wraps him in the soft Angora throw and lies down beside him, ruined trousers stripped off, stroking the curls that fall across his forehead and tucking them behind his ear.
“Yes.”
“Why did you let me go?”
John eases himself back down. Knees and hands.
It’s bigger than John expected. Longer. Much, much wider. John can wrap both his fists around it and the nice fat head still sticks out at the end, the wide flange of the suction cup flaring out the other. It’s also circumcised and thickly veined, with a pair of oddly realistic bollocks hanging beneath. Not to mention, the truly visceral color. It makes John’s eyes throb a bit when he looks at it too long.
He races into the sitting room, does a quick cursory glance, only to find it empty. He is just stepping into the kitchen when he feels the air behind him move.
The slow, fond smile that spreads across John’s face bursts something hot and sweet beneath Sherlock’s breastbone that melts down to pool in his belly. “Christ, you’re a joy.”
There is a muscle that flickers in his cheek. A tightness in his jaw from where he clenches his teeth. His fingers, restless, tap, tap, tap against each other. John knows the signs.
Fuck, it’s a beautiful cock. The thickness makes Sherlock’s throat ache, the round head makes his mouth water. It stands out from John’s body, proud and immense, spotlit by the screen light.
It makes John’s heart break.
An event so catastrophic that it sucks up all the air and light in the room, in the universe. It is a vacuum, it is cataclysm.
John falls over he laughs so hard. Sherlock watches him roll onto his side, clutching his chest, and can’t help but join in.
“No, no.” John slowly straightened, looking worn out. “You’re quite right. She hasn’t said anything to me, but I know you’re right, I can tell. Christ, it feels like I can’t get anything right right now.”
The subsequent silence rings in John’s ears.
“Please.”
John goes. His body ungainly and clumsy, heavy with blood. Settling his knees into the crook of Sherlock’s armpits, John sits back, keeping his weight off of Sherlock’s chest. His arms draped over John’s legs, Sherlock runs his hands up the backs of John’s thighs, gentling him.
A noncommittal hum from the bedroom as John switches on the taps.
Sherlock takes a step forward until his stockinged feet enter John’s field of vision, budging up against the toes of John’s shoes.
And we all know what that does to me.
Sherlock blinks again. “What? No. Not us. I mean, I suppose if we were to break up, living with you platonically would be preferable to never seeing you again, but—“
Delightfully disheveled, eyelids still heavy with sleep, the morning light picking out the sapphire flecks in his irises. His thin pink lips a little swollen from my kisses, his cheeks flushed, his stubble a light dusting of silver and gold along his jaw, his hands so strong and steady as he rubs my back. He is my Apollo; he is my dawn, my light, my life. There is no Sherlock Holmes without him.
“I’m going to give you relief, Sherlock,” John says, resisting his impulse to return Sherlock’s kiss. “But I’m not going to fuck you.” Sherlock whines, pouting prettily. John drops his voice. “I’m going to give you relief, right now, Sherlock, and then I’m going to take you back to the hotel room and I’m going to give you exactly what you want.”
Photos of Meiringen:
“It makes me think about what plug I would use to prepare myself for it. It makes me think about being secreted under your desk, licking it, sucking it, while you conduct a meeting. Makes me think of you coming on my face, on my lips and chin. Makes me think about you keeping me hard. You keeping me plugged. So that you could pull me into your lap whenever you needed me.”
Twilight touched everything around Sherlock as he drove, shadows engulfing the land while the sun torched the clouds on the horizon in shades of raspberry and saffron, the sky above it striated in shades of deepening blue. For the first time in weeks Sherlock felt the fug he had been wallowing in lift a little.
“Don’t be coy, John, I’m practically begging you at this point.”
“Then, I suppose, we'll just have to buy more.”
“Ok. What is it?”
Hands spreading his arse. Wide.
The first touch of Sherlock’s fingers against John’s straining rim makes all the hair on John’s body stand up. Erect. All of him erect and straining.
And then, the car stops.
carefully
“If you’re asking me in general I think I’d say no,” John said, measuring his words and watching Sherlock’s face to see how they landed. Sherlock schooled his expression, the honest admission smarting in his cheeks, waiting. “The thought of dating while I’m taking care of Charlotte and my mum doesn’t appeal to me.” He paused and straightened his shoulders, seemed to gather himself. “But if you’re asking me if I want to be in a relationship with you, I’d say, yeah, definitely yeah, I want to try.”
John stares at the drumstick. Tests the heft of it across his palm. Runs his thumb over the smooth wood, getting a sense of the grain. It smells faintly of cedar and some kind of varnish, resinous and sharp in the back of his nose. There is a small acorn shaped bulb attached to one end, just the exact size and shape of a fingertip.
They eat breakfast and take their time. Enjoying the scones and the coffee and each other’s company. They walk around the town of Fulworth and upon the revelation that Sherlock had recovered his old record player from the attic the day before, they both purchase one record each: a secret kept until later. John has a few glasses of wine with his pasta at lunch and his cheeks grow warm and his joy overspills. They speak of old cases and soon Sherlock, who has not had a drop, is just as flushed as John and his lovely mouth is wibbly-wobbly with laughter again and there are tears bright in his eyes and John loves him, loves him mightily.
“Are you—?”
“It was,” Sherlock concurred, curling his hands over John’s knees. John’s hand slipped from Sherlock’s cheek to rest on top of his. He smelled of soap and shaving cream, his breath like milky tea.
John and Charlotte would have had a wild ride with this Wikipedia article. I feel for John.
Three fingers, slippery and constant. Pressing. Pressing. Circling. Circling.
“How’s this weekend?”
Sherlock’s hand slides between them and inside John freezes.
“Ok, all right. Breathe.” John slides forward, pulling Sherlock’s legs across his lap so that Sherlock’s knees are tented over his thighs. He leans in until their foreheads rest against each other, one arm sliding behind Sherlock to touch his back. “I think what you’re hoping I can give you is certainty, and Sherlock, if I could I would, but life is inherently uncertain. I don’t know what will happen. I can’t tell you it will work out. All I can do is ask myself what is right? And the answer to that, right now, in this moment, with the information we have now, is to stand by you. Will you let me?”
One arched brow of cool disdain.
His hands roam.
John lowered himself to the ground beside Sherlock. “Thanks for letting me take care of that. I’m afraid you think I’m very rude.”
Zipping it onto the collar of his suit, he grabbed the smoker and added a rolled-up piece of newspaper into the vessel and lit it with a match. Once it had caught Sherlock stuffed a wad of baling twine inside, which he scavenged from Ellen and Zoe or other farmers who used bales of hay to feed their farm animals. He set it down and let it smoulder while he retrieved his tools. Going around to the front he fetched his new journal and a pen and stuck it in his pocket. Walking back to the trunk Sherlock pulled out the cypress boards and walked them over to the hives so that he would have them ready. His bees came to say hello, alighting on his suit and flying about his head.
From the pile at his feet Sherlock begins laying down the fluffy white towels he had brought with him from home. They release the scent of lavender fabric softener into the air. John wonders when Sherlock had had time to throw them in the washer.
He relented, bending down to untie my shoes and remove them. He rolled off my socks as well and tucked them away inside. When he straightened his hands found my trouser button and deftly flicked it open. For the second time that evening he unzipped me and this time, thankfully, he slid the trousers down my thighs until I could step out of them. Somehow I managed not to knee him in the face while I did it. Small miracles. John folded them and laid them aside.
The bees were busy among the swaying waist-high blossoms, making their mazy way back to your hives, bodies laden with nectar, where they would make you honey and comb. I forgot, for a moment, the pain in my leg as I made my way through that fragrant verdant sea. There were caterpillars and catkins and ladybugs caught in my skirts when once I emerged and stepped gingerly onto your garden path with it’s wayward crooked stones which caught my cane and sent me tripping in an ungainly manner to your door.
“Sherlock Holmes, the day we find something that can’t be solved with kisses is the day we know we’re in real trouble.”
They are broken men.
“Just…” Sherlock cups John’s arse and pulls.
“Morning’s best.”
The beginning is a blitz of sound, it cracks like a gunshot through John. A first glance in a lab, a bullet breaking through glass, it begins with a bang. They are chasing evil men through London’s warren of streets, their hearts are pumping, there is danger surrounding them, adrenaline burning through their veins, the stars are wheeling, the ground careening, it is fleet, it is thrilling, a quickening, a spark catching. There is a bond being knit. It is tremulous and fragile and Sherlock plays it with great care. The way the music trembles and breaks and crashes forward in turns, as strangers turn into friends, it is tentative, uncertain, furtive, inexplicably sweet. It is trust. It is love. And through it runs a tensile thread of doubt. It was that subtle misunderstanding of each other. Close, but kept at arms length. It makes the notes taughten towards something brittle. And then. Loyalty is tested. Again and again. The pool, Moriarty, Irene, Baskerville, the fall. Tensile, stretched thin, the thread between them is perilously close to breaking. John is transported back, with each pulse of the vibrator inside him, with each pull of the bow over the strings, John is living it again.
I don’t know how we got home.
“Where’s the soap?”
“Don’t I?” John said with a small rueful smile.
“Easy,” he said, pulling back just far enough so that I could drown more easily in the blue blue bluest burning blue of his eyes. “Easy.”
Mortified, John had hidden his face in his arm and pulled down the tails of his shirt to hide his bobbing erection, praying to any god who was listening, that it would be over soon. John wanted to erase it from his memory immediately. That the best erection of his life had happened inside a physician’s office with his GP’s finger up his arsehole was simply impossible.
“Because I know what you’re up to.”
John looks at him blankly.
John hummed. “Mmm, hopelessly besotted.”
Shelf upon shelf of vibrators stare back at him.
They touch.
John shrugs. “We will find a better fit.”
The air is slick with mist and biting with salt from the sea. Woodsmoke teases on the breeze. It had rained off and on during John’s journey into town. When he reaches the perimeter of the property John turns back around and studies the lay of the land for a moment, trying to parse Sherlock from his hiding place. Finally, he gives up and just calls his name.
John looks at Clara and says, helplessly, “He’s an addict.”
“Oh, we’re playing at polite today are we?” he teased, ribbing me a bit, but fetched it none the less as I tried, with only middling success, to get my body under control. The last time I had been inside him, after his rugby match, I had come embarrassingly quickly. If I wanted this to last a little longer, and I did, he needed to be the one doing the penetrating.
Like a match waiting to be struck.
Sherlock’s fingers are digging into John’s shoulders, his heels pressed to John’s arse, his head craned, eyes trained on where John’s cocks are splitting him open.
Sherlock’s cock is leaking against John’s button down. His breath hot on John’s cheek. His hands white knuckled around John’s shoulders.
Sherlock wakes to the somnolent blue hush of a summer storm. The hotel room is quiet but for the sough of rain against the window glass, the room dark around him.
When Sherlock pulls away his pupils are dilated, his eyes unfocused.
Changes his sheets.
“Yes.”
“So then why give it up?”
Then Sherlock is running the sharp tip of his tongue around the rim of John’s arsehole. Tracing it. Drawing circle after circle after circle until John’s whole body is tingling, until he feels mad with it. He shoves himself back, wanting to get it inside him. Craving it. Needing it.
“It’s work,” Sherlock says, not letting go. Not slowing down.
The music.
John brims and overflows.
Again, Sherlock couldn’t help himself, he laughed. “When you put it that way, it sounds quite revolting doesn’t it?”
“Ready.”
Tension vibrates through John as Sherlock places both hands on his thighs and begins to suck him off in earnest. He keeps his eyes upturned so that each time John allows himself to tear his eyes away from the screen to look down at him, Sherlock is looking obediently upwards, his mouth stretched out around John’s cock, as John manoeuvres him, setting the rhythm. Sherlock can sense that he’s close, can feel the hot bitter stream of his pre-come trickling down his throat, can feel the erratic heartbeat pulsing beneath John’s skin, and Sherlock redoubles his efforts wanting to get him off before the video ends.
John squeezes Sherlock’s waist. “We’ll discuss it then, Sherlock. Please.”
Sherlock nods, his pink lips wrapped around the spoon.
That clever fucking mouth.
“How what is going to go?”
“So I do whatever he asks. It’s sex, it’s not like I’m not getting anything out of it. I like it!”
Where could he go?
Bringing it up to his mouth, John kisses the center of Sherlock’s palm.
“You would have,” you say, nuzzling your nose behind his ear, your throat tight tight tight.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jesus,” he says, voice warm with laughter and rough with desire at once. “I’m not sure anyone’s ever come before just having a bloke look at his cock, but if you keep doing that I’m willing to bet that I could.”
Sherlock moves around the room quietly, winding the ties around John’s wrists and securing them to his bed frame. At first the silk is cool against John’s skin, but it quickly warms to his touch.
The sitting room, luxe and modern and done up in tones of cream and virdian, looks as if a band of squatters has taken up residence inside it. Open suitcases spilling clothes sit propped across the arm chairs. Trash and Fosters beer cans litter the floor. A smear of coke lines on the marble countertop in the bathroom, reflecting in the mirrors above the sink; more beer cans rattle about in the shower.
John brushes the tears from his lashes just as the knock sounds at their door.
for betaing this chapter. She is, as always, the absolute tops.
Charlotte tipped the sheaf of papers away from her chest and rifled through them until she found the correct page. She held it up for Sherlock. There was a large figure 8 drawn on the page and a bee walking it. “Like this?”
“Yes. Anything. John. Please.”
A stretching, pulling, aching breach.
“Thank you for agreeing to see me,” Sherlock had said. Polite. Nervous. His eyes had flitted about the room. Landing briefly on everyone but John.
He is almost on the verge of falling asleep when he feels Sherlock moving, the bed dipping a bit as he shifts beside John.
“Yes.” Thick.
“I’m not ending things,” John soothes. “I know that trust isn’t built in a day. But I want you to know that you are completely safe with me. Even if there are things you can’t tell me. I will not toss you aside. I will not send you back into danger. I will protect you, Sherlock, but I cannot have a physical relationship with you. If all you need from me is safety, then you have it. If Moriarty is a threat to you and you need someone to help you get out from under him, I will help you, Sherlock. You do not have to win me over with sex. You can stop trying to figure out how to please me, so that I will keep you close. Tonight, right here, this can all stop, and you will still be safe. Do you understand?”
“Like what?” I asked, innocently.
“I won’t do it.”
beautiful. This man is powerful and worthy in his submission. He is in charge of his pleasure. He commands it.
Sherlock texts, automatically deleting the thread from DI Lestrade as he walks back into the bedroom. He thinks, belatedly, that maybe he doesn’t need to do that anymore.
“Happy Christmas Eve,” he whispers, arms wrapped around Sherlock's neck, heels resting in the sweaty hollows of Sherlock's knees.
. Never.” Your nose scrunches in distaste at the thought. “I have never done
He sees Sherlock’s hands.
John doesn’t have anything left. This is it. If Sherlock leaves John has no idea what he will do. He can see his life smashed in slivers on the ground reflecting back at him distorted, fun-house images of the future they had planned to share together.
“Ellen, I’m honestly asking.”
John twists, kneeling up between Sherlock’s legs.
, with,
“Then come up here.”
John sucks in a sharp breath as Sherlock does it again. Seeking more friction John bows his back, but Sherlock moves on, trailing his hands down to John’s belly and out over John’s hips. The inside of his thighs. The tops of his thighs. Back up into his groin. Up his chest and neck and around to the base of his skull. And then sweeping back down.
Sherlock quieted.
“Of course you did,” John says, laughing softly.
“Then why with me? Why send me away?”
Sherlock turns back to face him. “Those boys at the club said you were the best. They said you’d be able to handle me. That you took on tough cases.” Pale blue eyes flick over John disdainfully, almost triumphantly, as if he had known this would be the case, and then,
“What’s going on with you?” Harry asks, ignoring his apology.
The book slots into place and he picks up another from the cart (he’ll have to go back later and fix them, but that’s a problem for future John), remembering: the man in his arms. John could have cut himself on the sluice of his cheekbones and the angle of his jaw. Ran his lips over them to try, like a knife along a whetstone, the desire inside him sharpening to a pin-point ache. The man tasted of sweat, of cologne, of something saccharinely sweet. John had sucked it from his tongue, whatever the man had been drinking, peach and lime and rum, and licked the salt from his throat. One hand on the man’s waist, one hand wound up in his hair, the black curls slipping like silky threads through his fingers, as he brought the man’s mouth down to his own.
John wants.
“Tell me,” you rasped, nosing your way up to the base of my cock, now fully erect and dripping on my stomach. “Tell me how you would do it. I’ve never eaten out a…a…
“Really fucking grateful,” John says. “So grateful for you. For what we did together. You’re absolutely right, Sherlock. I’ve been looking at this from the wrong angle. I didn’t lose anything I can’t live without. I didn’t lose you. I didn’t lose myself. Thank you for helping me see it a different way.”
For a moment they both watch the glitter of the waves. Petrels careen, black gashes in the seamless white cloth of the cloud choked sky.
“That’s understandable,” Ellen said.
John shook his head, one hand turning the doorknob.
His whole body blushes as he catches sight of himself in the mirror out of the corner of his eye. A flash of hot and cold that tingles along his scalp and prickles down his spine.
“Where did you find grandmother’s china?” Sherlock asked, not letting his brother see that his presence was unexpected. He had never visited Sherlock in Sussex, preferring to meet up on Sherlock’s occasional forays back to London.
John shakes his head. “Maybe later. But I want you to show me, I want—“
John stands, smoothing a hand down his waistcoat, before stepping into the aisle. The barkeep is occupied on his phone, his back to them. The family at the other end of the car are also engrossed in their own activities, the two mothers absorbed in reading, the teenager listening to music on a pair of oversized neon-yellow headphones.
— Come on, ginger, you can do better than this — laughing between the moaning, he pulls his penis in and out trying to play with the Mycroft's tongue — If you bitte me, bitch, I'll take every single teeth of your mouth with a hammer.
The sniper follows her track, the small footprints and the places she bounded to hide, why bother he question, the kid is more shortie then Jim, for a fraction of second he wonders if calling his boss for a nickname was something he should do, and if it was a good time to be thinking about James.
Gregory is ought to force those two to swallow something or he would turn violent, but there was no need. When Mycroft came downstairs Louise sat him on what should be his place on the table, and putted a huge plate of pasta in front on him, then another two close by. They stare silently and apparently got into an agreement. Both eat.
Sherlock observes his brother, mind running fast, so many information. Sorry for what? Stop eating again? Bothering him? Yes, Mycroft was smaller even, impressively stressed, tense lines on his expression, worried with his girl. Their girl. No. Sherlock didn't have the right of calling her his, although the idea of her believing being hate hurts, imensily. He just shakes his head and stand up, noticing the moves on the room. Fear coming from his goddaughter, angry from John and a slight pain from his brother. A hard painful thought comes to him, how he could do that to the important people of his live. Well, wasn't always like this?
— Fuck it, just drive. Fuck everything.
I look up, excited, and the powerful green was on me, full of kindness and the unquestionable love I know he feel. He is proud, I can say, and happy for me, Mycroft might no know how to express, but we both know how important we and our happiness are to each other. My chest is full of profound piece and joy, happiness I guess. Maybe life wasn't so bad.
— Bathing her was an exhausting task, I would not trust anyone else of course, to have strangers touching her was to cruel... — he sighs and opens his eyes focusing on the wall before him, never looking at Greg, this one silently thanks, at that moment all I could do was observe the handsome profile of the man —  She cried softly until I covered her with the towel, she used to hug that piece of cloth as if it were her only salvation — Mycroft gives a side smile — I've always been very bad at combing her hair — he laughs dryly, making Gregory let a sweet smile show. — For the first few weeks she slept beside me, as far as possible in bed, after a while she started waking up in my lap. I guess I was saver sleeping. Louise took a year to trust me completely, to stay by my side while I was working, smile when I came back home, even hug me eventually, very fast — Mycroft's hand goes to his own cheast, in pain or joy, Gregory couldn't say. — The first time I heard her voice in this house was Also the first time she accepted sit in my lap while I was on my arm chair. She putted the small head on my chest "Thank you, uncle Mycroft".
I obey, involuntary shaking, reveling a very tall, tin and pale man, with angry blue eyes and curly dark hair. The sensation it's look through a window of time and space, it was a man from another time, with a few differences, the man on that days never would look at me so indifferent. My heart seems to fall from my chest.
He pushes himself deeper, moaning louder. Mycroft feels the urge of purging growing, but there is no space for it, not even for breathing. Large tears come down his cheeks, painfully coming through the aching burning on his mouth. He shut his eyes hardly, beginning for Sherlock.
— Louise knows my doctor's name, she can make a call and everything will be fine — he shut his eyes, just wanting to go home.
We stand up, and I can barely feel my legs. My uncle whispers instructions in my ear, but I can't focus on the words, my only wish is to wrap my arms around him and don't let go, I know is childish, want to have someone holding my hand while I'm obligated to meet new people, specially when I don't deserve this kind of care
His surprise amuse me, normally it was the reaction to my answer to that question. His eyes turn to the glass doors, I wonder were his comparing is going, but deeply I don't really want to know. He gives me a surprise smile.
Mycroft Holmes is beyond stressed. At this rate, he would have a heart attack before 60. In less than 2 week Louise was almost kidnapped twice, change school to a military like institution ruled by a psychopath, and meet one of his ex boyfriends. He takes his cigarettes with one hand, not letting his niece go even for a second. "Boyfriend" fucking silly word for what Ian used to mean.
— Let's hope you lubricate me enough, ginger, or this is going to hurt badly.
But in what he could think about? Louise? She was so vulnerable alone, and, if Mycroft's death is unavoidable, how would take care of her? He could think in Sherlock, but how he could leave his baby brother alone in a situation like that? If Mycroft was a goner, his brother would fall into another drug pity because of the responsibility of raising Lou.
— Mom and Uncle Myke always played deductions with me... But I never thought... — She looks at the leather chair, hesitant — I'll never be like my uncle, Doctor Watson .. John — she smiles — I look a lot like my dad, everyone says that, even my grandparents... Uncle Myke doesn't say I look like Uncle Sherlock. Never said.
— Right... — Stands up and follows her to the door of the apartment, always smiling, convincing himself to think about what she said after — You are coming back, aren't you? Come back and be my company.
― No, please ― I hear footsteps coming through the corridor ― can you please tell him that it's his niece? It's an emergency!
Gregory was not, not like a normal day. Spending those hours with them saved him gives exhaustion, shearing the, although hurt, sweet company of the ginger man made his day easier. Back to the loneliness of his apartment, full of bad memories and more alcohol, it was a sad idea. He sits more comfortably in the chair.
— Sir, the police is here.
Uncle Sherlock opens the glass doors in a urge, John clearly calls him a drama queen. He is dressed in pijamas and get rid of the lab equipments, his look to uncle Myke is full of meaning. I turn to him, scared of what he might say, still keep my back on uncle Myke's chest, his hand on my shoulder, holding tight.
I stand still for a moment before putting the phone back in place. Uncle Sherlock's voice was one of the things I lost thanks to my lack of self control and stupidness. I turn myself back to the door. Wait a moment... What reasons my principal had to hate me? I was going to say reasons to Sherlock, but what reasons? Well, I was very annoying and all, but that was all he needed to sell me for someone who probably just hate my uncle?
When his coughing stops and his breathing gradually eases, Sherlock asks tentatively, “Are you- are you alright?”
Sherlock’s afraid he isn’t doing it right. After all, this is the first time he’s had to do this and he’s working from the dregs of a memory buried deep within his Mind Palace: an instruction manual he’d seen somewhere and filed away.
That sort of thing.
“About time”, Sherlock curses, as the figure of Lestrade, running towards them with a flashlight, slowly comes into view.
(Not that Sherlock ever took into account John’s preferences when choosing crime scenes or a good murder spot. After Reichenbach, John had simply given up)
Sherlock’s lips upon John’s are soft.
But Sherlock’s Mind Palace is a sprawling place and it is his John Watson who keeps reminding him of the cobwebbed corners that need dusting and the empty rooms, still waiting to be filled with new ideas and wisdom.
Sherlock runs through the woods.
(Sherlock hadn’t anticipated that John may have wanted to kiss him back)
It doesn’t work.
For a few brief minutes, (since waking up chained at the bottom of the well, next to the bones of a dead child and waist-deep in ice-cold water) there’d been Sherlock’s voice at least, panic-stricken but firm, promising help, an assurance that despite figuring out family puzzles and unscrambling the faded dates on tombstones, he was devoting his remaining brain cells on the matter of John’s survival.
