“Alright, you stay with Jack,” he said to Cas.
“Alrighty, boys,” Rowena drawled, and began to read.
“What the hell does that mean?”
Kaia smiled back.
“Why do you look like me?” It wasn’t the most important of the questions racing through Cas’ head, but the whole situation was very disconcerting.
“I want to start over. Destroy Creation, and start anew.”
And I saw my reflection in the snow-covered hills
“Come on, man, let me have just this little bit. Just– just tell me one thing.” Cas buried his face in his hands. He couldn’t believe he had to deal with this.
“You don’t say,” Sam shot back.
“What dies should stay dead. From now on.”
“By what, putting big-boy monsters in a kid’s cartoon?”
“Dean, wait a second,” Sam interrupted. Dean turned to him. “Jack saved us. He’s barely a few days old, and he saved us.”
“If this is about me hunting alone,” she continued, determined to shut down an argument before it happened, “I know I should have called more, but–” Jody tried to speak, but Claire raised her voice “–I’m fine. I’m good. I’m safe.”
Cas dodged the strike and threw his elbow into his opponent’s face. “The Righteous Man.” He ducked beneath another blow. “Dean Winchester.”
There was a Gas-n-Sip ahead, and he took the opportunity to fill the Impala’s tank and escape the conversation. Jody took the hint, and grabbed the nozzle, nodding to Dean to go inside and pay.
Dean stopped short when he saw a skull from a North American lion.
“Alright, so, three days ago, a vintage pocket watch with a personalized inscription was sold at auction, but when they went to authenticate it, they discovered that it had been buried with its original owner, who had died twenty years previously. When they checked the grave, it was empty.” Sam grimaced. “Now that I’m reading it out loud, it sounds like regular old grave robbery.”
“And I distinctly remember you being decidedly adverse to my disruption of the cosmic order when I broke your deal with Billie,” Cas added.
“Yeah, doctor’s gonna eat our livers with some fava beans and a bottle of Chianti.” He slammed the door closed, then double checked to make sure Jack’s head was supported.
Cas loved him.
“They want to steal my grace, Castiel!”
Rowena went silent. “What?”
“Of course,” the woman replied.
“Sam, I’m at the motel room, where the hell are you?”
Jack’s eyes opened, flaring blue like Cas’ grace, and Cas fell backward. If Dean hadn’t been there at his side, he certainly would have fallen.
[What’s going on?] she signed to him.
Maybe Mary just couldn’t stand to see what John had turned her children into. If she could go back in time, she would never have gone into that bedroom.
“Same here.” Lucifer leaned forward in a conversational manner, as though he hadn’t been the one to stab Cas in the back last time they’d interacted. Although, upon further observation, it seemed that Lucifer was… tired?
“All right, you wait here,” Dean said, “I’m-a flush him out.” He figured that if he could get the Sarge a good shot, he could take care of the ghoul just fine, without instigating the whole ‘by the way, monsters are real’ conversation. He crept forward, but stopped when he heard rumbling beneath him. Before he could react, the Sarge yelled, and fell straight down into the ground.
But she was already bolting toward the stairs, Kaia hot on her tail. Jody sprinted after her, her heart pounding in her throat.
He’d been wrong.
His phone rang again, and he frowned, and glanced at caller ID. Patience Turner? He answered.
“Donatello? What, you don’t trust my BDSM skills?”
Three hours later, she walked though the front door. Jody was in uniform, standing by the kitchen table while Alex pored over the address book.
If it were possible, Sam’s chin would have hit the floor. “He just said his first word.”
Donatello wheezed with laughter. “I don’t wanna fight it. I….” He frowned at Dean. “You’re supposed to be dead.”
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean warned, glancing at the angel currently feeding Cheerios to their half-archangel kid and glaring daggers at him.
Sam grabbed Dean by the shoulders before he could fall, and threw one of his brother’s arms over himself. Cas grabbed Dean’s other arm and they guided him into the hallway. As soon as he was out of Donatello’s sight, Dean gasped, his throat clear again.
“Interesting.”
“I’m scared, Sam,” Rowena whispered, her mask of cocky confidence gone. “All the time.”
With a grunt, he pushed himself to his feet, and made his way to the front door. He grabbed the salt-loaded shotgun that he kept on a tall rack by the stairs. Another knock sounded as he reached the top step. He cocked the shotgun, undid the lock, and opened the door.
“Night shift,” Alex replied.
“I’m an angel. I think I can keep him in one piece on the off chance that we crash.”
“Let me get this straight,” Sam interjected, “you felt the book moving and you decided, what? You’d show up and just take it?”
“What do you mean?” Dean asked softly.
“Come on. We’ll be safest when we’re back with the Winchesters.”
“Cas,” Dean growled with frustration, “you know, for someone who was so upset about missing out on Jack’s life, you seem pretty set on missing a hell of a lot more.” He knew it was a low blow, but fucking hell, Cas had been gone for far too long. He could take a little bit of verbal abuse. “Just come home, man. We’re getting close to being able to get Mom back. Just… call me back.” He couldn’t explain the empty feeling in his stomach as he hung up the phone. Mulling it over would do no good, he thought to himself as he tapped his phone against the foam-tiled floor.
“Yeah, no, I got it,” Dean grunted as he raised his angel blade in a defensive position to shield himself from the sword swinging toward his head. He dodged the man’s aggressive swipes, then attempted to parry an attack.
Cas loved him, and that had killed him.
Dean smiled softly in an attempt to comfort his friend. “Yeah, you’d think that wisdom would make you smarter.”
“Before me and my brother, there was nothing. Emptiness. Then there was the Darkness, and the Light. The universe was never meant to contain Nothing. I was supposed to inherit the Empty, and fill it with Darkness.” She looked around at the velvety black surrounding them. “Now, thanks to you, I may finally take my place.”
They caught up with the rest of the gang and Dean and Cas, sprinting down the hall while the phantom lunged at them, but made no real move to harm them.
“Bitch.”
“How's that working out for him?” she quipped.
“He’s a nephilim,” Michael said.
“Take me instead.”
“And a murder,” Dean added. No use in dancing around it too much.
“It is said that the little girl shrieked and screamed for days after the town left, before dying in the mineshaft. The screaming was so horrible that the marmots in the pass echoed her screams, and still do to this day.”
Sam looked at Dean, then closed his laptop. “He’s dead.”
Sam whimpered. He could feel himself slipping away from the blood loss.
“No, I just mean with, you know,” Dean continued awkwardly, “with everything you’ve been through. I know you’re worried about Lucifer right now….”
Before Patience could ask a single one of the hundred questions swirling through her head, a high pitched growl sounded behind Donna.
“He’s somewhere in the bunker, I’m not sure where,” Sam said. Mary nodded, glancing around at the other members of the room. She frowned when she saw Rowena.
But Lucifer hadn’t been the only angel to possess him. No, he had been possessed by Gadreel.
Dean groaned. “Why?”
“You wish he’d be more open to therapy?” Dr. Vallens offered.
“Well, goodbye Cas,” he rasped, refusing to let his voice break. “Goodbye Kelly. Goodbye Crowley.” He paused. “Goodbye Mom.”
The Impala rumbled as Dean pulled up to the funeral home. He and Sam got out, leaving Cas in the backseat to watch Jack. He was fussing, probably sick of being strapped into his carrier for the majority of the day.
Sam just nodded. Would Jack respond the same to baby aspirin? He was part archangel, after all. Dean started the engine, and they raced back to the motel, the radio squealing due to Jack’s distressed energy.
“Ach, no coincidence,” Rowena replied, picking up her own scotch glass. “I felt the book moving. In a moment of weakness, I may have put a tracking spell on the Grimoire behind your backs.”
“You don’t think there’s any chance you overshot this, do you?”
That didn’t help settle Cas’ nerves. “But… the cosmic balance. There must be both light and dark.”
Dean looked over at Sam, hoping for an explanation. Sam just shot him a dubious look, as though he couldn’t believe Dean didn’t know what fifth base was. Dean thought for a moment. What the hell went beyond penetrative sex? Unless… oh. Okay. Yeah, he knew what fifth base was. Just didn’t know there was a distinction.
Dean looked over at Cas, hoping his expression was a bit more schooled than Cas’ clearly distressed one. He really didn’t want to do any hunts anymore, but these kids looked like they needed the help. Cas nodded subtly. Apparently they were going to help these girls.
“And, what, you’re going alone?”
“Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam, I cared about Jack... I cared about the whole world because of you.”
Cas took a moment to process this new information. “Jack will go to the Empty when he dies?”
“Dad, this is who I am.”
“What is that?” Patience asked.
“Dean Winchester!” Missouri greeted as he exited the Impala.
Sam opened his eyes. Somehow, he was in his own bed.
John stared up at him with fear. “Who– What are you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam glanced over at Cas. The angel seemed to be thinking the same thing that he was; according to Winchester luck, Jack definitely was not okay.
Dean nodded his approval, though his mind was on the rest of the wraith, still out and able to kill. “All right, well, that thing might come back, so…”
Dean strode up to the booth where the Scooby Gang sat, happily slurping on milkshakes.
“He’s probably hungry,” he heard Dean call out, his voice ragged with sleep.
“Cas, how did you get here?”
“No.”
Jody shrugged. “All we know is that he stalks psychics.”
“Okay, let’s face it, Cassandra, the truths I say hurt because they’re hard to swallow, so people call ‘em lies. Go figure.”
“Well, sounds like a lifetime of bad dreams–”
Claire was already advancing on the rift, her hand held out in front of her.
“Where’s her school?”
Dean stumbled and caught himself on Cas’ outstretched arm. “Thanks.”
He hadn’t gone through the portal. He was just standing there, pointing Bobby’s angel-killing gun at Michael, his face the stony mask he always wore when he was frightened and didn’t want to show it.
Dr. Vallens raised her arms to the side and looked the man squarely in the eye. “Shoot me.” She stepped forward so that her chest was pressed against the barrel of the gun. “Shoot me!”
Dean nodded. Listening to them talking and laughing at the table, he could almost forget how traumatized they all were. “Okay, well you kids eat up. Gotta get big and strong.” He cooked a few more sandwiches so the kids could have seconds, then turned off the stove. He turned to see Mary watching him with a tearful smile.
Dean glanced away. “Yeah, I heard about that.”
“Are you?” Sam asked, his voice strained.
“Dean Winchester,” Dean replied, “and this is Cast– Cas Winchester.” No way was he telling her his full name. It sounded too angelic, and with angel-killing bullets floating around….
“Why is it my job?”
Jody knew it was beyond hope, but she hoped that it didn’t have anything to do with Sam and Dean not answering their phones.
“Long story,” Gabriel replied.
Something in Dean seemed to break, and he suddenly found himself with his arms full of hunter. Cas felt his shirt ruck up around his lower back and Dean grabbed onto it, as if trying to prove that this was real.
“Jack has never met his real dad,” Sam explained, “because we’ve been raising him.”
“I…” Cas didn’t know whether or not to lie. He knew what Gabriel was capable of, even with diminished grace. That said, Gabriel would certainly be able to tell if Cas lied. “Yes.”
When Eileen reappeared from the bathroom wearing a set of Mary’s clothes and one of Sam’s flannels, Sam felt like his heart was going to burst. She grunted in surprise as he hugged her tightly again.
“Are you kidding me, Fred?” Sam scolded. “Dude, someone’s dead. A little respect.”
“Nope,” Dean said firmly, “out.”
“No no no no,” it chided. “Not with me, and I’m the only one that has any pull here.” It grinned maniacally. “Not Heaven, not Hell, not G–O–D himself. So, think harder. Rack that
Both of the brothers glared at each other before Sam continued. “A few people, actually.”
“Don’t get upset with me,” Cas chided gently, “you’re tired and you know it.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Dean, all she wants is protection from Lucifer until we can find a way to kill him or shove him back in the cage. Just a room in the bunker, we’ve got plenty to spare.”
But that didn’t matter. He smiled, and turned his face to the sun. It warmed his skin, as if welcoming him home.
With a familiar flash, Claire found herself back in the horrid blue forest.
Dean knew it was a moot point. He pushed past Cas to say goodbye to Jack. The kid was chewing on the ear of his stuffed dog. “You be good for Gramma, okay buckaroo?” he said softly. Jack smiled at him, showing off his tiny teeth. Heart pounding, he slammed the door closed, and slapped the driver’s side window as he raced back into the bunker. He heard the thrum of the engine as Mary pulled out of the garage.
The girl dropped Dean, and he sank to the floor. Dean watched as her eyes began to bleed. His heart dropped. So this was how he’d die? At the hand of some amateur witch turned attack dog?
“Cas,” he said, before he could stuff it back down again.
“Yeah.” Jody didn’t sound like she was going to be okay.
“Look,” Dean said, “this phantom isn’t like other ghosts you’ve faced.” The Gang blinked at them, their faces full of cartoon fright. “It’s real. It’s a real ghost.”
Cas heard birds chirping, and grass beneath him. He rolled onto his back, and opened his eyes. The sun shone in his eyes so bright it hurt. He pushed himself to his feet, running his hand along the grass around him. It was real. It was real, and he was on Earth. He glanced down at himself, in the same vessel he’d died in. But he wasn’t on a lake shore in Washington, where he’s been stabbed.
“No,” Dean replied, grimacing, “She’s not. It’s Billie. I guess she got a new gig.”
“Cas.”
Sam shook his head. She had to be alive. She would survive until he and Dean got to her. He let his mind come back to the world in front of him, and he realized that he had enough wood. Slowly, one by one, he dragged the logs to a spot overlooking the lake, and began to build a pyre.
“Watching Casa Erotica. Sorry if I had trouble hearing the commotion all the way down in the ‘Dean Cave.’” The archangel of the Lord actually used air quotes at his brother. If he weren’t in pain, Sam might’ve laughed.
Sam sneered his best obnoxious little brother sneer. “Your face.”
“That sounds really nice,” Cas said as Dean grimaced.
“And we can save her.” Sam’s brother looked positively murderous with determination. Kaia glanced between them, unsure of what to do. Every instinct she had was telling her not to trust these men.
Oh, fuck.
Jody’s heart sunk in her chest, but she attempted at a brave smile. “I know.”
But Sam could not stop cackling. He grabbed a spoon and a yogurt cup and made to leave the kitchen before his brother remembered that they kept knives in the kitchen.
“Well, there’s probably a hidden door,” the woman replied.
“Fine. Get here as soon as possible.”
“Is still asleep, perfectly safe, yada yada yada. I’ve got the prophet all trussed up in your sex dungeon, everything’s fine.”
Dean shrugged. “It’s a vacation.” He set his duffel on the ground and wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist. “We deserve a bit of luxury this time around.”
Dean frowned. “So how does that help us?”
“Okay, so what do we know, besides all work and no play makes Donatello a homicidal boy?” Dean said, half heartedly digging through the papers of scribbled notes spread across the table.
“Your offer?”
Finally, he came to a heavy iron door. He pushed it open and heaved himself out, falling farther to the floor than he anticipated. The shock of landing on concrete shot pain through his hip, and he groaned.
Dean grimaced. “Long story short, we come from an alternate universe, and we knew the other you.”
“I’m already saved,” he said.
Sam looked around the library with dismay. There were spell ingredients and torn up books scattered across the floor, and many of the chairs in the library and war room were overturned. His heart sank. Many of those materials were the last of their stock, and now they were useless. And if Donatello had, for whatever reason, gone dark side, then that was another huge wrench in their plans to get Mom back.
“We were so close,” Sam said softly. Dean and Cas turned to him. “We almost had it.”
“She’s not what we want,” the woman replied, eyeing the child with an almost hungry expression. “The child should be among his own kind.”
“What did you do to me?” he asked the Empty, trying to sound angry and intimidating, a true warrior of Heaven, but failing miserably.
I climbed a mountain and I turned around
“Where are you going?” Sam asked, nervous to be left alone with the kid.
“You never got to say goodbye either, did you?”
“Yes.”
“Okay, grab yourself some snacks and we’ll head.”
“Sam,” he said urgently. No response. “Sammy!”
“So this will put her to rest?” Mariana muttered.
Jack shook his head vigorously. “Da!”
It wasn’t fair. Chuck had promised them that everything would be fine. He had promised. And now Cas was lying dead on the dining room table of the house he and Kelly had put together for a child who could make or break everything, wrapped in yellow curtains that Dean was almost certain he had picked out with such care. He looked up at where the sheet was draped over the angel’s face, and clenched his jaw.
“Someone got mad and broke their warding,” Cas snarked. He lifted a hand, set it on the demon’s forehead, and smote them. The demon screamed before dropping to the floor, eyes burned out.
“Hey,” Donna said encouragingly. Her bright smile somehow calmed Patience’s nerves. “You got this.”
No shit. It’s a children’s cartoon. “Yeah. Yeah, okay,” Sam sighed. Then a thought hit him. “So, if that guy can die for real in this cartoon, that means we can, too.” The thought did not sit well with Sam. Surely Gabriel wasn’t trying to kill them? Just teach them a bit of a lesson? Then again. He had orchestrated the Mystery Spot situation.
“Hey, Jude,
This was already making Dean’s head spin. “Okay, so we’re supposed to find these guys and cut out their hearts? How?”
“Hey, now, you have nothing to apologize for. You saved Jack. Just…” Dean paused, and Cas could almost see the dots connecting in his mind. “Breathe.”
“Your daughter is psychic,” Jody said, stepping toward the fighting pair. “That’s why the wraith’s coming after her.”
“Sam, come on,” Velma butted in derisively, “The house isn’t really haunted. And things like this happen all the time.”
Sam stared at the frozen screen, just feeling sorry for Kelly. She had deserved so much better. She deserved the chance to be a mom for Jack.
The ground rumbled again, briefly drowning out Jack’s cries. Yep, they were definitely going to die.
Donatello scoffed. “Friends? I see how you, both of you, look at me.” He glanced between Sam and Dean as he spoke. “Covetous. Well… God didn’t choose you for this part, Dean. He chose me.”
Something in the bunker started beeping, and both Dean and Cas jumped.
“Besides, when we do perform the spell, we’ll need a proper witch to make sure it all goes right,” Sam added.
“I am, Brother.” She moved over on the stone bench she was sitting on. “What brings you here?”
“Well.” Sam sighed. “When she is ready to hear it…”
Sam sighed. She was right. Not that he’d say it out loud.
“Are you sure I can’t just enslave some townsfolk and make them take us to the girls?”
“The city?”
No, Lucifer’s.
“What do you want?”
John made his way down the sloped lawn to a small dock, and got into a small rowboat. He began to row across the lake, and Cas walked to the edge of the lake, determined not to let him out of his sight. When John was in the middle of the lake, Cas spread his wings, and soared slowly toward the little boat, letting his wingtips drag in the water. John saw the disturbance in the water, though Cas remained invisible, and he relished the look of fear on the man’s face. He lifted himself higher just a moment before he would have capsized the boat, then turned and made his way back to shore. He watched as John looked all around, worked into a frenzy, trying to find the monster that was going to sink his boat. He found that he could not suppress a grin.
The dungeon door creaked as it swung open. Cas was adjusting the lapels of his coat, and Donatello sat unconscious in his trusses behind him.
Claire just looked at her, no judgement on her face. No pity, either.
“No,” Dean replied, “It’s just, he thinks he’s so cool with his perfect hair, and his can-do attitude, and his stupid ascot.” He shook his head. He really couldn’t explain why he hated Fred so much. He was everything Dean wanted to be: a leader, unafraid, good in an emergency. And yet, he rubbed Dean the wrong way somehow. He just couldn’t make sense of the dude.
Mary looked at him for a long moment before speaking. “Thank you.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you,” Cas whispered, sitting up and clutching Jack against his chest. He would need to feed him soon, but for the moment, he wanted to keep holding his child.
Sam’s heart dropped. “What happened?”
Unfortunately, he had underestimated the man’s endurance. He laughed as he rose to his feet, lifting Dean into the air. Then, he flung Dean over his shoulder, throwing him roughly into the hard-packed dirt. It knocked the wind out of Dean, but he had no time to catch his breath– the man raised a furry-booted foot to stomp Dean’s skull in, and he quickly rolled out of the way and scrambled to his feet again. The man charged him, and Dean ran directly at him, skirting past at the last second. He tumbled to the ground with a large thud as Dean snatched up his sword from the ground. Turning around, he found the man still finding his footing, still unsteady.
Kaia nodded understandingly, and Claire looked away again.
Rage boiled through Cas. “You want truth?” He stood and walked toward the far end of his cell, toward the warded bars. “How about I tell you a few truths about your son?”
“No, I cracked it!” Donatello replied, slapping a sheet of notes onto the table. Dean and Sam crowded around him to look. Cas hung back, bouncing Jack on his hip. His wound was healed now, and he had returned to wearing his formal shirt, although he had left the trench coat off. Some part of Dean wished that the angel would relax a bit when he was in the bunker, just throw on a T-shirt and sweats when he wasn’t off on some mission. Having his jacket on all the time made it seem like he was always waiting to leave.
Dean stood there for a moment, catching his breath, before walking back to the room where Jody was sitting up from being knocked to the floor.
They both looked over at Patience. Claire was skeptical– sure, she’d seen a lot more of the supernatural than most, but she had to draw the line somewhere.
She shook her head in disbelief. “Guess I’m psychic.”
“We stay here, we’re dead,” Jody replied.
“Those monsters, they’re coming. Lots of them.”
Dean cleared his throat, then held out his arm. “Uh, no, no problem. Um. But my, uh, my friend here, he’s allergic to most metals, and with such limited medical supplies out here….”
“So some Greek mythical beings roofied you?”
Sam sipped at a paper cup of water, his hand shaking. Maybe going undercover as patients right after losing Mom and Cas wasn’t the best idea. He felt distracted, thrown off his rhythm. He glanced around the room, his eyes landing on a sign roped across the stairway reading ‘private: do not enter.’ If anything was amiss about the place, it would be through there.
“No, Jack, Daddy’s cooking,” Cas said gently.
“So… how are you?” Sam asked. Of course he was concerned about Cas’ feelings. Although Dean admitted he had been wanting to ask the same thing.
“You think this is the place?” she asked. It was quiet. Nothing strange about it, as far as she could tell.
Cas and Dean raced down the hallway. Chuck’s voice followed after them, taunting them.
“Oh, I think you heard me. Raise ‘em!”
Without lifting so much as a finger, Billie changed the setting of the dream– or was it a dream anymore? Dean found himself in a library, so large he couldn’t see where the ‘W’ section ended on either side of them.
Sam frowned. “You won’t use it on Crowley?”
“You had to save me,” Kaia finished.
“I’m the Trickster,” Gabriel said simply.
He turned to see how Cas was doing. The angel was on the ground, his blade laying in the dirt a few feet away, staring up at the blond warrior as he raised his sword. Without a moment’s hesitation, Dean sprinted up behind the man and plunged his sword through his chest. He fell to the ground beside Cas, who stared at the corpse with wide, fearful eyes.
That was his mistake. In one swift movement, Michael was holding Cas upright with his blade to his throat.
“There’s too many,” Patience said fearfully, “they’ll kill us.”
That’s when John and Mary entered the kitchen. The two of them were tense, but John’s shoulders relaxed when he saw Sam.
“So… you’re leaving?”
“Mary, can I please have some more?” asked Renee. Her parents had died on a supply run at the hands of a squadron of angels.
No, Kelly’s.
Dean shook his head, as if to clear it. “Anyway. Jack is safe, and that’s what matters.”
Sam gaped at Rowena as the glowing purple in her eyes faded back to normal.
“Who are you?” she asked. “You’re not a doctor or a nurse.”
“Can I do it?” Mary asked.
“Help you become more powerful?” Dean spat, “yeah, that’s what we want.”
I want to take shelter from the poison rain
“Jinkies!” Velma cried.
“Could be.” Dean nodded.
Sam shrugged, also at a loss.
He was quiet for most of the drive back to the motel, but began to whine as Sam pulled into the parking lot. When he got back to the room, Sam opened a box of cereal, dumped a handful of it onto the tabletop and sat Jack on the table, watching to make sure he didn’t crawl off while he prepped a bottle. Jack crunched happily with his two teeth, wobbling a little as he sat upright. When the bottle was ready, Sam took Jack onto his lap and held him while he ate. He took the bone out of his pocket and set it on the table so Jack could lean more comfortably against him.
“Goodnight, Mom.”
“Sleep is what you need. I’m checking in, you deal with Jack.” Sam opened the door before the Impala had even come to a full stop, and marched inside. When he had a key, Dean walked in with a still-crying Jack in his car seat carrier.
Sarah huffed in embarrassment. “Either way, the stone with the sigil fell into the gulch.”
“I’m sorry,” the angel replied, his gaze shifting downward.
The clack of high heels on the hard floor alerted her to another presence. She looked up to see the woman she’d attempted to hitchhike with walking toward her. The bitch had clubbed her over the head.
“Hello, ma’am,” he greeted, holding up his FBI badge. “I just have a few questions about Wes Bailey’s death.”
Sam scoffed, and turned back to the hole. His shovel thudded against wood. He scraped more dirt away, and opened the lid of the coffin. Inside was the body of a blonde woman, drawn and just starting to rot.
When John poured his third glass, Cas appeared to him. John yelled and dropped the glass, and it shattered on the floor. Cas watched idly as John grabbed a knife from the knife block on the counter behind him and stabbed him in the chest. He was hit with a very brief wave of nostalgia, recalling when Dean had done the same, but staring at the man who had left so many scars on Dean’s beautiful soul, it washed away quickly.
Cas closed the gap between their mouths with a chaste kiss, pulling away after a brief moment. “Can’t argue with that.”
The Devil threw the demon aside, straight toward Cas.
“Oh, heck yes!” Dean crowed, sidling in and stacking a sandwich of his own. All three bit into their sandwiches with grotesquely elongated mouths. Dean paused to point at his monstrosity. “Sah! Yook how vig ‘y ‘ouf is!”
Cas continued. “But I think I know... I think I know now. Happiness isn't in the having, it's in just being. It's in just saying it.”
“He said he had to go to the bank,” she replied.
“So,” Cas said as soon as the first track started playing, “why are we taking this trip?”
“Bitch.”
“That’s okay,” Sam replied, “we do.”
“It’s not that bad,” Dean replied defensively, but he frowned. “Well, actually, yeah, it kind of is. Hang on.” Cas’ heart fluttered as Dean reached up and tugged the cheap red ribbon from his hat, and tossed it in the back seat. “All right, that’s better.”
When they reached the kitchen, Dean pulled open the fridge and Cas sat at the table. Despite him saying that he didn’t really want one, he grabbed a bottle for Cas, setting it gently in front of him as he sat down. Cas didn’t take it, but that didn’t matter.
His brother balked, but moved on. “Mom?”
“But,” she continued, “Sam and Dean saved my life, and… I can’t sit this one out.”
Claire sighed and snapped her journal closed. Just a striga. Still no sign of Kaia’s killer.
“Say yes, and I’ll let your people pass without harm.”
Cas blinked his eyes open slowly. Stars twinkled above him. A cold breeze blew over his skin. Grass poked into his back.
“Dean.”
With a roar, Lucifer threw him across the room, turning his attention back to Rowena. Sam grunted in pain, closing his eyes tightly against the pounding in his head.
Sam’s mouth went dry. “‘Her?’ Who are you talking about?”
“You did,” Dean said. Sam looked at him with confusion. Wasn’t Dean an avid hater of therapists?
Dean shook his head angrily. “Do you ever have any good news?” he quipped. “Well, see if there’s anything in Jasper that’s demon-y.”
They sat in silence for a while longer. Dean could almost see the gears turning in his father’s head. He decided to ignore it in favor of his own thoughts. How much should he tell John, just to prepare him for entering the bunker?
“I don’t know. No nephilim has ever tried. Or gotten old enough to try.”
They drove quickly and silently, Baby’s engine roaring. James was out the door they had fully screeched to a halt.
“I’m fine.” No use in saying otherwise. It’s not like they could call off this mission.
“All right,” Jody said, “anything gets in here, take it down.” She reloaded her handgun with a sharp click.
Sam stood and followed his Gabriel and Dean, Cas close behind him with Jack humming tunelessly around his pacifier.
“A wraith got her,” Dean explained. He assumed that the man knew about Missouri’s hunting history.
“Is that how you got that?” Claire asked. She gestured to the wound on Kaia’s arm.
“She…” Cas hated to remember this, but he supposed that Dean should know. “She made me kill you. Fake versions of you. Hundreds, maybe a thousand, I don’t know. Not to mention the lobotomies.” He glanced over at Dean, whose face had gone red with rage. He could almost imagine that the black demon eyes were back.
She couldn’t quite figure out what it was that made these children different from her boys. Maybe it was that she could keep them safe from the hunting life, that she was expected to protect them and not too much more. She was good at being a protector. She had already failed to protect her boys. She hadn’t failed to protect these kids.
“No,” Cas answered, looking back up at Dean. “I was in the Empty.”
Sam sat in the library, watching Jack crawl around with a toy car. Gabriel had gone to take a shower. He was probably going to use up all the hot water.
“You came back for me,” Kaia sobbed into Claire’s chest.
“Sure thing, Mina. Plates in the sink when you’re done, everyone, and there’s seconds next to the stove if you’re still hungry.” He turned to Cas. “I’ll wash, you dry?”
“Our dad did,” Sam offered, despite the fact that John’s journal was certainly not what the doctor was asking about.
“Dad…”
“Yeah,” Patience replied.
For a long moment, they were silent. Sam pushed away all thoughts of opening a portal to his mom. If it required causing Jack pain, then there was no way in hell he would even consider it.
Donatello scoffed. “What are you gonna do?”
Lucy had helped Mary make herself at home at camp, then brought her on the next supply run. From then on, the two were inseparable. They shared a tent, sat together at meals, and cared for the orphaned children together. Mary wondered if it might be more than friendship.
Sam grimaced. “He opened a portal.”
“Please don’t send me away.” The words tumbled out of Cas’ mouth before he could stop them.
“We need to find her,” his brother said.
The thought of him and Jack living in a real house, up above the ground, made him smile. Jack running around in the backyard. They’d have a fire pit, and a garden, and Dean could build Jack a treehouse and a rope swing. Taking Jack to preschool, and coming home to their weird family made of demons and angels and resurrected people.
Sam glared at him.
“He’s a baby.”
“Hey, I get it,” Claire continued. So the girl didn’t want to talk, fine. “If I had the cops on my ass, I’d be racing outta Dodge, too.”
“Can anything else take out God? A weapon, something?”
Dean waited out front of the bank while Sam moved around to the side. A man with a black cowboy hat and a red bandana over his face exited the bank, a black duffel bag in hand.
“I mean, Eileen’s here, he was probably up late.”
“Because you’re his dad.”
(Note 4/1/21) sorry I haven’t updated guys but I’m failing a few of my courses✌️ And I’m trying to catch up but the next couple of chapters are in the works and I’ll be picking this up more regularly in May when finals are over
“Attaboy,” he said, revolver trained on Dean’s chest.
“Well,” he sighed, “if anyone can survive an apocalyptic world like that, it’s a Winchester.”
“Okay, you too, Rainbow Brite,” Donna said, pointing to Claire. Jody watched as the angsty blonde grinned and ducked into the hug.
“Nothing.”
“Jack.” He glared at Lucifer. “Your son’s name is Jack.” He didn’t like to give Lucifer any claim on Jack– he wasn’t the one raising him– but the way Lucifer focused solely on Jack’s power and paid no heed to any other aspects of Jack’s character angered him to no end.
“Fine, fine,” Rowena replied, turning to pour herself another glass. “Speaking of… where is my son?”
Cas was skeptical about bringing a baby on a hunt, but Sam was not shocked by Dean’s suggestion, so he figured it would be alright. “As long as you let me do the warding. Your Enochian is atrocious.”
“Claire, get up and check your phone.”
Jody passed her a paper with Kaia’s description and mug shots. She looked angry, as angry as Claire felt on bad days.
“Yeah, well, uh… Fergus… uh, Crowley, um… had changed a lot,” Sam replied. “You’d have been proud of him.” Dean doubted that greatly.
“No.” Cas groaned, and let Dean push him down onto the mattress. “No, he’s back. He got through.”
“I made this place as Earthlike as possible,” Cas corrected, “so that you could have your perfect life after death.”
“I’ll protect you,” she said.
He was gone.
“Okay. For now, come home. Alex is making lasagne tonight.”
Gabriel grinned as he scooped up the happily squealing nephilim in his arms. “Of course, little brother!”
A voice drifted down the hall. Vaguely, he recognized it as his own. But not his own, because he was sitting in a cell down a hallway from where the voice was.
“Well, she… felt that I had become estranged from Heaven, so she…” he tilted his head from side to side, trying to come up with the right word, “reformed me. So that I would follow her orders.”
The baby monitor crackled to life as Jack woke, making babbling noises that pulled at Dean’s heartstrings. Though he couldn’t quite eliminate his fear of the kid’s power, he found that he truly cared for Jack. Before Sam could react, Dean was up and making his way out of the kitchen.
“...you coward! Come and fucking get me! Or can you only attack unarmed people?”
Still, Dean seemed very excited about it, and given what had gone down since Cas’ death, he figured it would be good to do something fun.
Mary looked up at him, with tears in her eyes. “I don’t think I can be who you want me to be.”
A burst of courage allowed her to turn around and face her dad. “I see things before they happen. Usually small things– a conversation, what someone will be wearing the next day. But Dad, this is someone’s life. I can’t sit here and do nothing. I can’t.” She straightened up.
“What the hell are you doing in my house? Again?” came a voice from behind them. The two of them whirled around to see the undertaker, who looked rather pretty in her white button-up and red lipstick.
“No,” Donatello countered, “something dark.”
“Dude, he just turned human, let him chill,” Sam chided, sensing Cas’ hesitation to leave the bunker. After Dean kicked him out last time, Sam couldn’t really blame him.
“Be careful,” Ellen called as he walked briskly past the bar and through the kitchen. He pushed open the door and found himself in
“Well, I know what we have to do now.” He pushed past the worried brothers and headed to the library. Dean wanted to follow, but he needed to make sure that Donatello was still alive.
“They’re people, kind of,” Donatello explained, “sometimes referred to as brothers, other times lands.” He chuckled. “You know how Bibles are, too many damn translations.”
“But if she’s right,” Sam continued, “if she does see Lucifer again, then… I hope she makes him suffer.” He shuddered to think that Lucifer would ever return to Earth.
“His powers must come into the greatest effect when he’s in pain,” Cas said, answering Sam’s question before he could even finish.
“Okay, my– my associate and I, we’re looking for your boyfriend.”
All of a sudden, they found themselves in what must have formerly been a dining hall, but with all the tables removed. Sam sprayed another sigil on the wall, and turned to Dean, but a loud rumbling noise rocked the ship. The sigil sparked violently.
“Ph-ph-ph-phantom!” the teenager screeched.
“You threw away their chance at normal lives! And for what? What? Killing Azazel wouldn’t have brought me back!”
All of a sudden, a burst of energy came from the bundle strapped to Sam’s chest. Kaia watched in shock and fear as her kidnappers were blown away, the woman tumbling through a window and the man falling on his blade. His eyes sparked with brilliant white light as he screamed in agony.
“Why don’t I grab you that drink?” the waitress offered.
“Humor me,” Dean replied, holding out the hat.
Dean knew he couldn’t make a noise if he tried. Cas, he mouthed.
“Claire.” She passed the baby to Alex, then gestured at Claire to talk privately with her.
“No,” Dean conceded, “but he is.”
“Almost,” Donatello replied. Suddenly, something blunt and hard hit him square on the back of the head. He fell to the floor, his vision fuzzy, and watched as Donatello brought a bottle down onto his head.
“All we want is to be able to save Mary from the Apocalypse World,” Cas explained calmly, his heart pounding in his throat. “We don’t have anyone else to turn to, Gabriel.”
“Jack Kline,” he said, “I’m looking for Jack Kline.”
“Yeah, well, at least Sammy’s still down there, living his best life,” Dean said, raising his beer in a halfhearted toast.
She nodded, and slipped her hand into his while he led her to the kitchen.
A gratuitous Dean-and-Cas-watching-a-movie-together-and-Dean-falls-asleep-on-Cas'-shoulder scene? In MY version of Supernatural? It's more likely than you think.
“Why?” she asked.
Dean chuckled. “You got me,” he conceded, the threatening tone in his voice never wavering. “And I heard you had a very special regime for this angel.”
Kaia rocked back and forth on her heels, avoiding eye contact with the lizard in the cage next to her. Lizard meat wasn’t so bad, but Kaia hated live lizards. Hated their dead-eyed stares.
Where the streets have no name.
“Hello?” Cas called out into the nothingness. He kept walking forward, as he had been doing for hours, or maybe years, he didn’t know. “Hello?!” There had to be someone out there. Someone who could get him out of this place. He wondered if it was any use walking around when there was nothing to see, nothing under his feet, nothing everywhere.
“No,” Dean replied tersely, then immediately dropped a sizzling piece of bacon on his wrist. “Son of a bitch!”
For a long moment, Rowena was silent. “What is it you need?”
The dots connected.
“Yes.”
After much longer than Dean anticipated, they walked out of the exhibit room, hands clasped together and swinging.
“You stupid son of a bitch,” Dean whispered, though there was no bite to his words.
“Are there any other parts to the story that you told the campers that might help us find her?” Dean asked.
Dean shook himself, and handed over his card. He helped the girl at the bagging station load his cart, then took his card and left. He tried not to think about what those kids probably thought of him and Cas.
Sam let out a sigh of relief. He thought he’d have to convince her more thoroughly. “Blood of a most holy man, fruit from the tree of life, and the Seal of Solomon. I found some fruit in the Men of Letters storeroom, but the other two we need.”
“No, I don’t,” said Amara. “I rather enjoy it.”
“Hey, we’ve outrun cosmic consequences before,” Dean interjected, “and as cautious as I usually am with the whole defying the natural order thing, I’m really not planning on looking a gift horse in the mouth this time around.”
“Adam?”
“Did you know that he loves hearing stories?” Cas continued, “Fantasy stories, with heroes who crush villains.” He was certain that Jack only loved those stories because Sam made funny voices while reading them, but how would Lucifer know the difference? It’s not like he was ever there for his son.
Dean tested John with everything he had. Salt, silver, holy water, angel blade, even made him recount some memories.
Gabriel just stared at Sam as he reached for the box of Cheerios that Sam had been giving to Jack. He shoved a handful in his mouth and grimaced.
They stood there for a long moment, staring each other down. Then a question popped into his mind.
The other man, with short, dark hair, spoke back to the blond man. He seemed confused.
“Greetins’, y’all!” the voice of Colonel Sanders rang out, “Cousin Simple, Nephew Norble, Sweet Cousin Maldahyde, Cousin Slicker, and my old friend, Scooby-Doo. You’re all gonna receive an equal share of one million dollars, providing you spend the night here in the old family mansion. Oh– one more thing– the house is haunted.” Thunder crashed, perfectly on cue.
“Oh, yeah? Then, man, how did he just walk through that wall?!” the teenager challenged.
“Yeah, well, welcome to the real world, sweetheart,” the man said. Dean wasn’t sure if he even knew that Jack was there. “Everybody uses everybody. I never stopped looking for you. And when I found this place, when I saw all that warm, fuzzy good you were doing…” he grabbed Dr. Vallens by the chin, and pushed her into the wall. “I couldn’t let you have that. So I took it all away, and it was fun.”
“Yes, and we’re hunters. We kill things like them.”
“Just get some rest. We’ll take care of it, just like we always do.”
Claire smiled back, and leaned forward excitedly. “Two minutes in your system?”
“Sarah! Hey!” greeted Dean.
“Doesn’t he always get up earlier than you?”
She scoffed. “Your plan? It sucks. They won’t come for me.” Although, given her situation, she kind of hoped they would.
“Alright,” Sam continued, “what about that night? Notice anything else? Maybe, uh, flickering lights, cold spots?”
Dean glanced outside. The sun was already getting low. “We should get going then.”
It showed him the moment that Lucifer drove the blade through his back.
“Uh, she, uh, she just needs a minute, she’s all right,” Sam rambled. No way he was relaying the conversation they’d just had to his brother.
“I thought you said you weren’t coming until tomorrow,” Sam said.
“I’m not sure,” Cas said, “but I woke up in the Empty– the afterlife for angels and demons– and when I wouldn’t go back to sleep, it spat me out.”
“No, we don’t,” Sam assured him, “that’s not true. We just wanna help you.”
“What if you’re right? About Mom?” He paused. “What if she is dead, and I’m just in denial?”
“To fight them.”
“Excuses aside,” Cas quipped, “you’re saying that you’re too weak to overcome even your weakest creation?”
“Okay, well if somebody would be a pal and let me eat a little bit of his grace, I would have enough strength to get out of here and butcher that son of a bitch!”
Dean was sitting in his room, headphones on, when Mary entered the room. She sat next to him on the bed, not saying a word.
“Jody?” he yelled, pointing his gun down the next hallway. He stalked forward swiftly.
Jack began to whine loudly, so they excused themselves and made their way into the house, to the site of the crime.
“How’s Kaia?” Dean asked, trying to break the silence.
“Oh, cowboy, I’m not that weak,” Lucifer shot back, standing from the bench and backing away. Cas stopped, but did not let his glare waver. “You and I need to talk.”
They stacked an incredible amount of the sandwich fixings that had at some point been served to the table, creating the tallest and most barbaric sandwiches Sam had ever seen.
“Really, Dean?”
Sam cleared his throat. “Do you want me to–?”
Claire groaned and picked up the phone. Five thirty in the morning?
Dean paused before approaching. “Man, this is a dream come true.”
“Like, the only thing we’re famous for is our eating skills,” Shaggy added.
“Buddy’s posing as one of my patients,” Dr. Vallens explained, “Sam traced his phone, so I let him take my car. He left about ten minutes ago.”
He knelt next to the body, and tore open the fur shirt. Sand tumbled out.
“Can’t you treat the kid to some Froot Loops or something?” Gabriel snarked as he placed the cereal box back on the table and grabbed Sam’s trail mix.
Cas stumbled through the forest, the wound in his side shooting pain through his entire body with every step. He coughed, and felt splatters of warm blood drip down his chin. They had been walking for nearly a day, and Cas knew that they were close to the bunker, but he wasn’t certain he would make it that far. His grace was working overtime, trying to stitch up the wound that he wouldn’t allow to rest.
“I know,” Dean replied, jumping out of his chair, “Cas told me.”
“Walk with me.” She began to walk into the void. Cas followed. As they went, tiny stars began to appear. “There are certain rules of the universe, and transfers of power in the universe. You know some of these.”
Other her? Bad Place? That sounded an awful lot like multiverses to Sam. He glanced at Cas, who raised his eyebrows. He must be thinking the same thing.
Dean turned away from the laptop to help him. He laid one hand on Cas’ back while he fluffed the pillow. It sent shivers of electricity through him. Oddly enough, he physically shivered.
As soon as the first monster appeared, Donna pulled the trigger. The explosion made Patience flinch. She and Jody both shot repeatedly until the creature fell to the floor, writhing.
Donna shrugged awkwardly from her position, squished up against the car door. “All righty, then.”
“What?” Sam breathed.
“Yeah,” Sam replied tersely, turning to the increasingly infuriating archangel, who had his feet propped up on the table.
The Light fidgeted, then tried again. “I need your help, Sister.”
The Sarge grunted in reply. “Shawnte, the clerk, recognized the perp’s voice. She said he sounded just like the fella that’s been dating Athena.”
A mystery….
They rounded an old family crypt, and stopped when they heard rustling again.
“Okay,” Dean said softly. Sam was right, but he didn’t want to talk about it in front of the shrink.
“I… I don’t know.”
One of the sisters, he assumed the elder of the two, was onto him, wielding a knife. Dean grabbed her wrist before she could sink the blade into his chest, and twisted it away. But she was surprisingly strong for someone so small; she grabbed his throat and slammed him into the wall. He fought against her as she raised the knife again.
Dean cleared his throat. “Actually, I have some news for you guys about that.” He reached across the corner of the table and took Cas’ hand.
“I already burned his body.”
Rowena grinned and showed off her demon eyes. “Recently crowned.”
“Wasn’t planning on it.” Dean leaned back and took a loud sip of coffee. “Found anything?”
Dean watched as Sam helped Rowena set up the spell. They worked together fluidly, as if the process were some sort of dance.
“Leave me with the babysitter if you must,” Rowena said in an almost sing-songy voice, “but do start with the women.”
Missouri set her jaw and turned to Dean. “You thinkin’ what I’m thinkin’?”
The only reason he knew he was awake was because of the longing.
“You okay?” Claire asked, glancing back at the portal.
“I can introduce myself!”
Ignoring the slight tug at his heartstrings to hear Dean refer to Jack as their collective kid, Sam rolled his eyes. “If Rowena wanted to hurt Jack, she would have during that last case we worked with her. Besides, Cas and Gabriel would smite her before she could even think about trying.”
Dean refused to admit that Cas was, at least to a certain degree, right. He remained silent.
“Uh… hi,” Dean greeted, suddenly acting nervous. Honestly, it was kind of amusing. “Uh, I’m Dean, that’s my brother Sam.” Sam waved half heartedly. “Mind if we join you?”
Sam shook his head to clear his mind. Today was already full of craziness. “Okay, so we have everything.”
“You think some sugar cereal is gonna put a dent in that Satan-spawn?”
Sam’s heart dropped. “Rowena, no.”
“It doesn’t matter if we die. Scooby-Doo could die!” Sam gawked at his brother. Was the dude going insane? “That’s not happening, not on my watch! I’d take a bullet for that dog.” Before Sam could respond, Dean turned and left the room. Sam followed him into the large and now rather creepy sitting room.
“My brother is gone,” Amara said, as if she could read his thoughts. “The Bringer of Light cannot survive in a place such as this.”
“Wait,” Dean muttered, “the dummy bodies don’t show up until later.”
Dean glanced at Cas, only to find that the angel had a very puzzled look on his face. “What?”
Sam felt a nudge at his shoulder, and accepted the beer that Dean offered him. Jack was in the nursery for a nap. Sam pretended he hadn’t just heard Dean cooing to him through the baby monitor.
Velma prattled on, oblivious. “So once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth!”
Cas did not trust Lucifer, but so long as he was mostly powerless, he figured it wouldn’t cause too much harm to hear him out.
“Why don’t we start from the beginning,” Sam interrupted, “Cas has been gone six months, that’s quite a while.”
Naomi straightened her shoulders and stared at Dean defiantly. “Yes,” she replied, “It’s true.” She smiled, and though Dean could tell she intended for it to appear malicious, he could see the fear in it. “But you only care about one angel, if I’m not mistaken.”
Dean scoffed. “Uh, hell no. He’s a friggin’ baby, Sam.”
“I didn’t actually build this part,” Cas said, nodding to the river they were fishing out of. It was wide and slow, and Dean could see a group of kids off in the distance, playing in the water.
She stayed still when she heard Jody enter the room. The bed dipped, and she felt a gentle hand rubbing her back comfortingly. Tears stung her eyes. Her mother used to comfort her like this, in the early days after Castiel took her dad away.
“You changed me, Dean.”
Sam glared at him. He was not going to win this fight, was he?
Sarah’s eyes lit up. “Oh, awesome! Planning to do some hiking?”
Dean nodded. “Okay.”
Claire, who had looked at her scars without pity. Who wore her own scars with pride, like medals from battle.
“Encouraging what?!” Patience cried.
Sam sighed. They weren’t going to get anywhere with this hunt if Velma didn’t know what she was looking for. “Look,” he said, “I’m not supposed to tell you this, but ghosts are real.”
Sam was out of the car before Dean had even put it in park. He ignored the twisted hands pushing out of the Earth, his only goal to take Jack away from whatever villain it was that they were facing. As he reached the fake Donatello and Jack, he heard Dean’s gun go off, and watched as two bullets hit the man. The world seemed to go into slow motion as the thing dropped Jack. Sam leapt toward the falling infant, catching him in midair, and turned to see the creature’s disguise fall away like mist. In the fake Donatello’s place was a man in a white suit who looked not unlike many of the villains in Dean’s favorite westerns. His face had two long scratches down the side, and when he turned to Sam, his eyes flashed the same yellow as Azazel. Sam felt his blood run cold.
“I said fine,” Gabriel repeated, his back turned to Sam, “you can have a little bit of my grace.”
“B-but he’s not human.” Sam’s brain felt like a blender full of cotton.
Patience nodded, though she disagreed. Like hell she got this.
Alex stared at her for a moment before looking down at her paperwork again. Claire looked guilty. Maybe she was being a little bit hard on her.
Cas didn’t want to admit that he needed Lucifer more than he could know about. Yes, he supposed he would need Lucifer for the Michael problem, should that come to pass, but he also needed him to heal Jack.
Dean rushed into the hospital, slamming against the receptionist’s desk to stop. He started and looked up at Dean with wide eyes.
“Ardeat intus–”
“It’s getting smaller. It’s closing.”
All Sam could do was stare for a moment. Then he cleared his throat. “What made you change your mind?”
Definitely a demon, because he lifted himself against Dean’s armbar with superhuman strength, and drove his fist into Dean’s side, knocking him away. Dean stumbled, trying to regain his senses, and the demon punched him in the face, once, twice, then slammed him into the dresser. Dean quickly took stock of his situation as the demon swung him onto the table, adrenaline finally kicking in, and swung his legs up to block the demon’s arm as it swung downward in an attempt to stab Dean. To his surprise, the demon lifted him off the table, and Dean managed to slam his elbow into the thing’s skull before it flung him onto the bed (at least it wasn’t the floor). Dean rolled away, prepared to continue fighting the demon, but the demons eyes suddenly sparked and flamed orange. It dropped to the ground, revealing Sam with an angel blade.
Fine by him. He could wait.
“I’m here!” Kaia screamed weakly, not even bothering to get up. “Claire, I’m here!” She let her head fall to the forest floor. Running like that was too much for her emaciated body.
The receptionist shuffled through a log book before responding. “Relation to patient?”
Tears welled in her eyes. “Last night. Dean, I’m sorry.”
“This is a bad idea,” Dean growled, “We should’ve just kept driving.”
“How much candy do you think Gabe gave him?” Dean asked Cas.
“Yeah.” She turned back to the pink liquid, and began to put her mask back on. “Look, if you want to check out the grave, the cops have it roped off, over on the west plot.”
Donna squinted suspiciously, but made no comment. “Anyhoo, I brought the basics.” She walked around to the bed of her truck, opened the tailgate, and brought out a large bin full of guns, ammunition, machetes, wooden spikes, and more weaponry.
Dean stood, not even looking at Adam. “I’m fine.” He stomped out of the library. Adam looked back to Sam.
No. She couldn’t think about that. Claire would come. Claire would find her.
“I love you.”
A gun cocked behind Dean, and he froze.
Now Dean knew that she wasn’t talking about John. He cleared his throat.
What the fuck? “You’re insane.” Sam finished cutting her loose and lifted her to her feet. Her knees felt weak, but she managed to stand on her own.
“The door,” she replied, “it’s still open.”
“Sure,” Cas replied, before realizing that that meant seeing John twice in one day. But if Dean could live with the man for his entire childhood, Cas could surely survive an evening with him. Without any more beatings.
When she pulled into the driveway, Jody was waiting on the porch with her hands on her hips. Shit, had she been away in the Bad Place for that long?
“What the hell was that?” he asked uneasily.
Claire nodded. “Cool.” Wait a minute. Was that…? “You’re wearing my sweatshirt.”
“Actually, you know what, I’m good,” Dean said, grabbing his jacket, “I’m gonna take a walk.” He slapped a few bills onto the counter. “Thank you.”
Well. Kaia had a cousin in South Dakota. She hadn’t spoken to him in years, but if she could catch a ride, get a place to stay….
“You said she was fake!”
He was not prepared for the sight awaiting him in the library.
Dean deliberated for a moment before answering. “Well, last time Gabriel zapped us into television-land, we had to play our part to get out, right?”
Cas glanced at Dean, uncertainty spelled out on his face. Dean shrugged. His dad would find out sooner or later that he’d been to Hell.
“That’s Eileen,” Sam supplied. “You have to face her when you speak, she’s deaf.”
Dean looked at the picture, and groaned. There, painted on one of the stacked rocks, was the sigil of a tulpa.
“So you cut your mother out of your life?” Dean said scathingly.
He looked around the room and smiled. Pale, sky blue fabric had been pinned up against the walls, and the floor was covered in foam tiles with the letters of the alphabet on them. The bed was gone (Cas wondered briefly how they’d removed it), and in its place was the crib that Kelly had so painstakingly built. The desk in the corner had been converted into a changing table, and above it hung a mobile with various animals. There were bins full of stuffed animals and plastic toys lining the walls, and on a tiny shelf above the crib was a small lamp, a porcelain sculpture of an angel, and two tiny framed photographs that Cas couldn’t see from the doorway. In the corner was a recliner chair that he recognized as formerly residing in Dean’s movie room, alongside a short bookshelf that held various thin and brightly colored picture books, very much unlike the thick and ancient volumes in the library.
“What happened with you?” Sam jumped at his brother’s voice.
“Not unless summoned.”
“All right, knock it off!” Dean yelled, full of righteous fury. “Come on! Scooby Gang does not have nervous breakdowns!” He paced in front of the Gang like a drill sergeant. “Now you may not have tangled with the supernatural, but you’ve fought monsters, real freaking psychos.” He began to list off the many nemeses that the Gang had defeated while Sam mused at the choice of the word “tangled” to describe their interactions with supernatural entities.
“You take care.”
“You liked her, right?” Lucifer teased mirthlessly. “Oh, Cas, you should’ve seen it. The things he did to her, I mean, in all my time in Hell, I have never seen anything that horrible.”
“All right, well, Mom was great, now she’s dead,” Dean said quickly. “Now, what’s the deal with catharsis?”
He sat upright in bed. Damn Billie. Damn his slow brain, for asking too late to get an answer. He glanced at the clock on his nightstand, and groaned. Why did he always have to wake up at such ungodly hours of the morning.
“Boring?”
“Oh, uh, well–” Donatello cleared his throat. “After God left, I said to myself, ‘Donatello, you are so retired.’” He chuckled. “I mean, who needs a prophet of God when there is no God? So,” he sighed, “a few days ago, I’m online, checking out condos in Boca, and I am knocked off my feet by this weird wave of power.” He screwed up his face in concentration. “Not exactly like God’s, more like… something new, something fresh.” Sam looked over at Dean, who had on a bitchface that could probably rival his own. “I was drawn to it.” Donatello paused, tilting his head. “It’s here.” Jack whimpered from the bed, which caught Donatello’s attention. “Who is that?”
“That depends on you,” Billie replied, crossing her arms. Dean did not like the sound of that.
His stomach dropped.
Sam glared at Gabriel as the phone in his hand rang.
Sam rolled his eyes. Dean’s obsession knew no bounds. He came back out a few moments later, his eyes bright with excitement.
“We…” he swallowed thickly. “We found Kelly and… and Cas. They were renting this little house on a lake in Washington. We were supposed to grab him and Kelly, get them back to the bunker, where they’d be safe….” He didn’t want to go over every detail. It was too painful. “Things went to shit, as they always do. Somehow, the birth ripped open this… this portal to an alternate universe. I know, it sounds crazy, crazier than usual.” Jody scoffed at him, but didn’t say anything. “We trapped Lucifer in the other world, but in the process he grabbed Mom and pulled her through, and Cas….” He couldn’t say it. Tears threatened to spill down his face, but there was no way he was crying in front of Jody, mother-figure though she may be.
Dean didn’t even knock, just barged in and yelled “Hey Mom!” and sat himself down in the kitchen. Mary was tossing a salad, and the smell of burgers wafted in from the grill outside. After a few minutes of small talk, John walked in with a large plate of burgers. As soon as he saw Cas, he fumbled the plate and it tumbled to the floor.
Part one of rewriting 13x04, The Big Empty
A similar idea occurred to Dean.
Cas straightened up. “I should go to Heaven. For assistance.”
The phantom shrieked. The salt began to slowly trickle away.
“You fell,” Castiel remarked, disgust dripping from his voice.
Then Lucifer caught on to what Sam was doing. He snarled as Sam pulled the needle out of his neck and jammed the needle into a readied voodoo doll.
“Yes,” it said, nodding. Cas hated the way it stretched his face into that condescending and excessively gleeful smile. “That’s right, nothing. Nothing but Empty. And you are soaking in it. Angels and demons, you all come here when you die.”
“Jack,” Dean replied, a grin spreading on his face. He found himself digging in his pocket for his phone, flipping through his camera roll to show the teens photos while they scanned and bagged his groceries.
Involuntarily, Cas glanced at Dean. Michael caught it. He began to laugh.
With a groan, Dean exited the car. He grabbed a cart, and began to make his way through aisle after aisle. He stopped in the snack aisle, trying to think of what kind of snacks Cas would like. In the end, he went with just some ordinary chips and salsa. One of these days, he’d take Cas shopping. In the produce aisle, he decided to be nice to Sam and get some real vegetables. Sauteed in bacon grease, he figured it probably wouldn’t taste too much like rabbit food.
“Ach, not this very second. You need a bit of training in magic. And I don’t want to leave dear Eileen here on her own to turn vengeful, and if we bring her down to Hell, she’ll be marked to spend eternity down there.”
“Is she sleeping in my room, too?” Claire asked, turning on Jody.
“Look, what happened to Rowena was messed up, okay? But you just let the deadliest witch in the world walk away with a page from this book.”
Dean stared at the two bodies laying side by side on the pyre as he shook gasoline onto the logs below them. They almost looked fake. He wished they were. Sam stood a few feet away, rocking a sleeping Jack in his arms. The kid looked so tiny in the arms of his towering brother. When the canister was empty, he walked over to Sam and took out his lighter.
They drove in silence all the way back to Lebanon, stopping in the next town over to let Donatello out to catch a taxi home. When they arrived at the bunker, they brought Jack to the kitchen in his carrier, both silently agreeing to unpack the car later.
“Hint hint hint,” Lucifer probed.
“You told me she left us,” Patience yelled, “But this…” She inhaled deeply. “Dad, is it true?”
“Run!” he cried. Shaggy and Scooby were moving their legs frantically without moving, so he scooped them up and continued to sprint towards the sitting room. He lept over the iron chain tripwire, and the ghost barreled right into it, shrieking as it burned its form. The tripwire triggered an ax that cut a rope that caused a dozen coconuts to drop onto the phantom (how Fred had gotten ahold of coconuts, Cas didn’t want to know). Unfortunately, the coconuts dropped right through the phantom, rolling beneath Cas’ feet. He slipped, dropping Shaggy and Scooby and skidding down the soap slide (what kind of trap was this?). They skidded and were finally tossed into a washing machine reinforced with iron chains (how the three of them fit into a washing machine was beyond Cas’ comprehension).
“Did you–”
“No. It’s not your responsibility.” She swiped at the tears running down her face. “None of it was, I should have been there, I–”
Dean glanced at Sam, then left the room, pulling out his phone as he went. Sam watched the psychiatrist as he waited for Dean to return.
The dog shrieked similarly, and lept into the teenager’s arms. The teenager then lept backwards into Cas’ arms. Cas didn’t understand how this helped in any way.
Cas turned his head, and suddenly found the hunter’s lips on his. He blinked, then closed his eyes, melting into the kiss. Dean was moving his lips, slowly and gently. It was the most pleasant sensation Cas had ever felt.
Claire smiled weakly, tears still threatening to spill over. “I know.”
“You’re alive?”
Dean groaned, and sat up.
Suddenly, there was a shout from the hallway. It was coming from Jack’s room. The sound of crying started up immediately afterward. Cas dropped the plate he was drying as he bolted toward the hallway, Dean immediately following behind him.
Dean cleared his throat nervously. “Dad, this is Jack.”
Mariana nodded. “Well, I’m pretty sure I saw a ghost up on Mount Healy today. It was a little girl, in this old timey dress… and I mean, she looked real, but… the wind, it was blowing really hard today, I mean it nearly took Rori off the mountain, but this girl… her dress and hair weren’t moving at all.”
He sighed. “Cas,” he prayed, “Cas, I’m so sorry. I….” It was useless. Cas was gone. Still, how could he not apologize? This had been his fault. If Dean had just trusted Cas, helped him help Kelly, they could have avoided all of this, they could have kept Kelly safe together, and they wouldn’t have had to fight Lucifer or lose Crowley or Mom or–
“Yeah, well, I thought you made this place free of misery,” Dean retorted playfully.
“This is Jack,” Jody replied. Jack cooed at the mention of his name. “He’s the Winchesters’ kid. Half angel.”
“We’re doomed,” Scooby growled dejectedly.
“Hey, Dean,” she said, standing. “Do you want help with the groceries?”
Chuck grinned. “Yes, Sammy. A token of faith.” He pulled his hand out of his pocket, a knife suddenly appearing out of thin air. “A sacrifice.”
“Nice to meet you, too,” the dog said.
“Well, Dean was never really one for orders,” Mary commented. John frowned briefly but did not respond, and instead served himself some salad.
“No.”
“Haunted?” Scooby drawled fearfully.
Sam exhaled softly with laughter, but decided not to make fun of the fact that Dean just referenced the Kardashians. He turned back to the lore book in his hands. “According to this, if that was Asmodeus, it’s the end of the line.”
Even further, and she never would have even dated John in the first place.
“Who’s this?” John asked.
Jack shook his head again, and threw another berry. “Da!” he screamed.
Mariana sighed. “A long time ago, back when there was still a lot of mining up in the pass, there was a small town of miners and their families who ran one of the mineshafts up there.
“No problem.”
Just as he dug into his second piece, the door swung open, and Cas walked in.
“Anyway.” She turned away, uncomfortable with the vulnerability that Claire was showing. “I’m guessing you didn’t crash my job for a heart-to-heart. What do you want?” She smiled at Claire. She didn’t want to pick a fight, not when she’d just gotten back.
Kaia grabbed her arm and pulled her away from the rift. “This way.”
“No.”
She answered on the second ring. “Claire? Is it…?”
Dean helped Cas to his feet, then leaned toward him to speak. “Castiel– the Scooby Gang,” Dean said as an introduction. He gestured to the four people and dog standing before him as if posed.
“Yeah, well, a few years being used as a heroin source will do that to you.”
“You had a vision.”
“Because it is,” Cas answered. He inhaled deeply.
The receptionist punched a button on the phone, and barked some sort of number code into the receiver. “What’s the kid’s name, and how old is he?”
Jody blinked in surprise. “Y-yes. Yes, of course I’ll help you.” As much as Claire itched to leave this very second, she knew that Jody’s help would be instrumental to this case. And she needed all the help she was going to get if she was going to avenge Kaia.
“I suppose you don’t care much what I sing.” He inhaled deeply, then began to sing, his voice raspy and hoarse. Jack didn’t seem to mind a bit. It was a song he’d heard on the radio not long before Jack had been born, on one of Kelly’s favorite stations. It wasn’t really a lullaby, but he figured if he sang it slow and quiet, it would work well enough. He wondered what Dean sounded like when he sang to Jack; he’d only ever heard him singing raucously to the radio in the Impala, volume blasting so loud Cas wanted to warn him about the risk of rupturing an eardrum.
Jack gurgled at him, and looked at him almost expectantly. He recalled that Dean usually sang him to sleep.
“Or, how healthy people deal,” Sam replied, letting his bitchface sink into his tone.
“It’s beautiful,” he answered truthfully. The room felt so normal, in stark contrast to the rest of the bunker, and the lives they lived.
The first two demons rushed at Cas. He twisted the arm of the nearest one, easily tearing the blade from its hand. In the same motion, he stabbed the other demon in the stomach. It screamed and fell to the ground as Cas whirled around and killed the second one. Gabriel watched him, nodding with approval.
Dean nodded, then gently transferred the baby to Sam’s arms. The baby made a noise, as if it were about to start crying again, but Sam bounced it gently, copying what Dean had been doing, and it calmed down, eyes sliding closed.
“Shooting it up with a needle, actually, but same diff.”
“Back to Athena’s,” Sam explained. “She’s his girlfriend, he’s bound to head back to her place.”
“Mom,” he breathed back, returning the embrace.
Sam felt like he was choking on his own heart, it was beating so fast and hard. Could he die from this fear? He had hoped that he would get more time with Eileen. At least she had a second chance. He wished he’d brought the pendulum with him, but he’d left it in the bunker, safe back in the lockbox.
Mary sighed. Then she told him everything.
“Well,” she sighed, “this is boring. Is there, I don’t know, music?”
“What did the sheriff say?” he asked Jody.
“No, she isn’t.”
God, they really weren't ready for this, were they? He may have been powerful, but Jack was a
Donatello took the tablet and examined the runes carved into it.
“How did you…?” Dean mumbled. How had she known to warn him about the wraith jumping at him? That hallway was not visible from where Patience was tied.
Panic struck Dean again. “Donatello.” Dean grabbed an angel blade as the two brothers rushed out of the room to find Donatello being pinned to the wall by another suited demon. Without a second thought, Dean flung the angel blade with adrenaline-induced force and precision. The blade sank into the demon’s neck, the wound sparking as it dropped to the floor.
“Missouri, Jody,” he nodded back. Despite everything, he found himself smiling. “Not sure which one to hug first.” He decided on Missouri, since he hadn’t seen her in longer.
Sam ignored Dean as they made their way up the front porch steps and into the house-office.
“I don’t think he saw anything,” Cas said softly.
At that moment, the toys in the toy box floated into the air and launched themselves at Sam and Velma. She gasped as they turned to run out of the attic.
“It’s fine.” Claire knew she had no ground to stand on here. “I’m the one who left.” God, how long had it been? Weeks? Months?
“Hey, sleepyhead, we’re home,” Claire whispered. She unbuckled Kaia and wrapped an arm around her torso to help her out of the car.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbled, taking a roll of medical tape and ripping off a long strip with his teeth. He taped the bandage over the wound, then tossed the roll aside.
“He looked like he’d just seen the sun rise after a thousand years of darkness.”
“Okay, but it’s your turn to take him. It’s hot out, we can’t leave him.”
“I just need a win,” Dean said quietly, “I just need a damn win.” He was tired of losing. Losing friends, losing family, losing battles.
“Yeah, he’s. A character, to say the least. Obnoxious, but not a bad guy.”
“Perhaps we should turn to those with more cartoon expertise,” Cas suggested, gesturing to the man who appeared to be the leader of the “gang.” If this was a child’s cartoon, perhaps the children were better equipped for it.
“So, do they always just walk away from dead bodies?” Sam asked derisively.
The girl was silent for a moment as she thought. “She stays in the mineshaft all winter,” she said, nodding to herself. “But comes out in the spring, because that’s when the village came back and found her body. And on the sunset before the winter sets in, she runs to the bottom of the mountain, to the river, but only very briefly. That was why they didn’t realize they’d left her,” she explained, “because they thought she was fishing in the creek at the bottom of the mountain with her older brother, but he sent her back because she was being troublesome.”
Gabriel grimaced. “Yeah, Asmodeus is not our biggest worry right now.”
Dean knew that Cas could see right through his nonchalant facade, could see that his thoughts were on more distressing subjects, but for the moment he let it go. “Hmm, well, I’m glad you did bring me. It’s a lovely drive.”
“Thank you.” This time, Jack took the bottle, and grunted happily as he sucked at the rubber top. Sam walked over to the table and sat in front of his laptop, then frowned.
“Chicken wings,” Donatello repeated. “Heavy lifting like this requires real brain fuel.”
Dean raised his eyebrows suggestively, but decided not to make any crude jokes in front of the kids at the table. Sam glared, but didn’t respond. He left the kitchen.
Sam blinked. “A what?” He vaguely remembered reading something about it, but nothing substantial.
“Claire’s gonna need a lot of time,” Jody replied softly, opening the back door of the Impala so Dean could strap Jack into his seat.
“You know,” Mary continued, attempting to cover for her husband, “I thought you were dating when I first met Cas, and I saw how you two acted around each other. Honestly, it’s about time.”
“For a little while,” Cas said. His mind was still on the Empty. He knew what he had to do. He had just hoped for more time.
“I’m Hannah, and this is my brother Kiran. He doesn’t talk.”
Cas sighed and extracted Jack from Dean’s arms, allowing him two hands to fix up the next sandwich.
Cas tilted his head. “Do what right?”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean replied, not really paying attention as he stared at his phone. He could have Sam drive if he needed him to. On the screen he had pulled up a text thread with Cas, scrolled up to their conversations prior to when Cas ran off with Kelly. His chest ached at the various obscure emojis that Cas had sent. Who knew that there was a beaver emoji?
Castiel scoffed. “The mother of the nephilim abomination. We showed her mercy in allowing her to live.”
Sam wanted to shoot back with some very strong words, but he figured it would be best if Jack didn’t hear those. “I almost got it.” His fingers brushed against the leather, and he managed to grab the loose end above the tie. “Okay, I got it, I got it.”
“Well, then, who does?”
“Donnie, what happened, man?” Dean asked gruffly, “I thought we were friends.”
Dean rifled through the books on the shelf, but realized that he wouldn’t be able to focus on anything even if he tried.
“I sense that my… death… was not the only loss you’ve had to deal with,” Cas said softly.
“The spell I told you about requires two witches. The portion that I will do requires a powerup from you in order to kill an archangel.” She sipped at her wine.
of yours.”
“Sam!” he yelled, “Sam, open up!” No one responded. He debated for a moment, then pushed the door open.
John frowned. He opened his mouth to speak, but closed it again, likely noticing the death glare that the angel was shooting at him from across the table.
Dean couldn’t help but remember him, slumped over in a chair, dead at the hands of that reaper, April.
Dean laughed aloud. “Something like that, sure.”
“And how did she go about this?”
“Too damn long,” Dean replied, his voice cracking a bit. He hoped that Cas hadn’t noticed.
Sam grabbed his phone out of his pocket, and checked the screen to see who was calling him. “Dean,” he said as soon as he answered.
It wasn’t just a revenge trip anymore. She needed it for herself, too. She needed to see it dead. She needed to know that it was rotting in Hell.
After a long time of just walking and thinking (and Dean eating his disgusting lizard), Sam spoke.
“I’m from Minnesota,” Donna said simply, grinning.
“Yeah,” Cas breathed as he pushed himself off the ground, “apparently.”
The girl looked up at that. “Who are you?”
He raised the mug to his lips, then heard a knock on the door.
“Never.” He held Jack closer. What would happen if the kid’s father came back? Nothing good, that was for certain.
For a long moment, Sam just gaped at him. “Are you serious?”
“Mary,” he began gently, “what happened over there? In the other world?”
“Good to see you too, kiddo.”
“Look,” Sam said, “why don’t you come with us someplace else? We can do this quick and quiet.” Dean knew that he wouldn’t go for that, but he supposed it was worth a shot.
“What happened?”
At that moment, Jack decided to throw his bottle to the floor. “Sumbish!” he cried.
“These mountains are full of iron deposits,” Cas explained, “so she can be defeated by iron, just like any other ghost.”
“Get up.”
“Yeah.” They fell into silence for a long moment.
She looked away, picking at the edge of the sheet with fingernails painted with chipped black polish. “Drugs.”
Dean froze, not daring to look at Cas. But Charlie seemed to pick up on his hesitation.
Sam’s heart dropped to his stomach. “No.”
“Oh, he was, was he?” Cas mused, “He doesn’t seem that weak to me.”
“Yes, I can!” She stood so that she towered over Jody. “That’s how you save people! Sitting back and making the perfect plan, losing time? That’s how people end up dead.”
Rowena rolled her eyes. “As if I’d be able to kill the wee beastie.”
Chuck shrugged. “My little assassination attempt didn’t go so well. I didn’t think mother Mary had it in her to kill daddy John.”
The next morning, Cas was gone. This didn’t surprise Dean all that much; Cas sometimes disappeared when Jack felt a miracle should be performed. Despite his speech about non-interference, he occasionally used Cas as a loophole to answer a well-deserved prayer here and there. Besides, the guy had his wings back, and Dean knew how much Cas loved to fly.
“Pleasure to meet you,” Cas said flatly.
“No!” cried Sam and Cas in unison. Sam watched, paralyzed, as Dean crumpled, and Cas rushed to catch his head before it hit the ground.
“If you breathe a word of this to anyone,” Cas whispered, leaning in close, “I will show you what it really means to invoke the wrath of Heaven.” John’s eyes widened in fear, and he nodded curtly. With one mighty flap of his wings, Cas was gone.
“Yeah, it’s just me,” she replied, setting the headphones on a metal table.
“Y-yeah,” Sam replied, shocked at how soft Dean’s voice had gone.
She looked up at him skeptically. “Why do you want to know about the Bad Place?”
“What’s got his knickers in a twist?” Rowena grumbled, moving to sit at the spot across from Sam.
“I don’t know, man,” he countered, “I mean, babies are easy. You feed ‘em, change ‘em, sing ‘em to sleep, and you’re golden.”
That was not a good sign. Sam had a bad feeling about this. He approached the bed to inspect the scene. His hand landed in something wet and sticky. Blood.
“Help me protect myself,” Rowena corrected.
“Wow.”
“It’s about your mom,” Jody said, “Missouri sent us. She’s….”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Turn!” Donatello yelled, pointing to the right. The tires screeched as Dean made the turn. “This is worrisome. I’m sensing a power emanation alongside Jack’s. It gets stronger the closer we get to it.” They passed a sign reading ‘Jasper, Wyoming.’
Dean stared at him for a moment before speaking. “Okay, hold on.” He looked as though he wanted to say more, but the words would not come.
“I’m a hero,” Scooby barked, turning the napkin around his neck so Shaggy could blow it like a cape.
“Ask him, Gabriel has him tied up in the dungeon,” Sam shot back.
His phone vibrated in his pocket.
“Do you realize what I’ve been through all these years with Asmodeus?”
“Took my love, I took it down
“Come here,” she said, bringing him in for a quick hug. “How ya doin’?”
Just some homophobic cult leader in a black cloak.
“Thanks.” He wasn’t sure why Dean was apologizing, but he had bigger issues. He tried to return his attention to the volume in his lap about multiverses.
He turned to see a figure that looked exactly like him– but no, he had never smiled like that before, with such malice and glee. It frightened him.
“Alright, I think I got something,” Sam announced. He should have thought of this sooner, but Jack took up a lot of space in his mind. “I tracked the plates of the stolen truck, went through the traffic cams in town, found some footage of yesterday.”
Dean clenched his jaw tightly before speaking. “All right, this is a safe place, right Doc?” Dr. Vallens nodded kindly. “Okay. My brother’s delusional.”
“Aww,” the girl bagging his groceries cooed, “what’s their name?”
“I don’t know,” Dean replied, grimacing, “I don’t think the kid really knew what was happening or what he was doing. He’s a newborn, Sam.” He sighed. “I’m going to go get the crib from the car, I’ll set it up in the guest room. And I’ll get the baby monitor, I’ll take dad duty tonight.”
After a long moment he pulled back. “Sorry,” said, signing along with his words.
“Yeah, Fred,” Dean said loudly behind Sam. “He can be such a jerk.” Sam resisted the urge to roll his eyes, and instead adjusted the blanket over the body, hiding it from view.
Fuck it. She had Kaia back. She wasn’t sorry.
“Aye,” Rowena replied softly.
Cas stopped. “Billie is God?”
“What the fuck?” Gabriel asked, directing his question at Dean.
“How are you feeling?”
But no, this place may have been an old growth forest, but it was bathed in blueish light and covered in lush green moss.
Adam’s eyes flashed. “Yes,” Michael said. “Rowena and I agree that Heaven and Hell need to work together as a system again. But Adam and I want a vacation first.”
“Miriam, and my twin sister Samantha.”
“I promise to leave you a little,” Lucifer said evenly, “come on.”
Dean furrowed his brow. There was something off about the conversation; Cas had sounded robotic, emotionless, almost like he did when Naomi was in control.
“Nah, you kick in your sleep,” Dean replied, his eyes closed, “can’t have you accidentally punting the little guy.”
Alex watched her pack for another moment. “Is that what you want?” She understood the appeal of having a normal life, doing what everyone tells you to want, but she also knew the rewards of disregarding it entirely for what you want to do. “To got back home, pretend you’re Little Miss Perfect and not a powerful psychic?”
“Come on, we gotta go!” Dean pulled her away and guided her toward the portal.
“Yeah?”
“There are more kids here?” John asked.
They grabbed their baggage, but decided not to bother with the crib. They needed to get out of there fast. As they headed out to the parking lot, Sam swore.
No, that wasn’t it.
As if on cue, Dean emerged from the hallway, carrying a rather disgruntled baby in his arms. The baby stared at Cas with big brown eyes. His heart seemed to melt in his chest. He had Kelly’s eyes.
“He really likes cowboys,” Sam mumbled, mostly to himself.
“You don’t sound fine.” Cas felt Gabriel snake an arm around him, lifting most of his weight off of his feet. “How much farther?”
Cas placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean froze, not daring to respond in any way. “I have faith in you, Dean.”
“Whoa, what happened here?”
“I’m Whit, and this is my little sister Penny.” The boy gestured to a tiny girl, no more than five years old.
“Awww, Sammy, am I really so ugly that you want to kill yourself?” Lucifer taunted. He laughed maliciously. “I always figured that only a Winchester could take out a Winchester for good.”
“Do you have wings?” he asked absentmindedly. He hoped not. A toddler with wings? That could be disastrous.
“Friend. Sure.” He recalled some of the memories he had seen of Dean’s teenage years, and decided against correcting him. “He doesn’t know I’m here though.”
“This whole time, I could’ve had a relationship with her,” Patience said, softly but sharply.
Gabriel had taken up residence in what was formerly the “Dean Cave,” eating sweets and watching cartoons and porn all day and night on a large flat screen TV that Cas was almost certain he had stolen when they had sent him on a grocery run (he had not been allowed to buy groceries since, as he had taken it upon himself to buy only candy and pastries and soda).
Where the hell was Dean going? His brother was going to get himself killed, and by some witch’s curse. He strapped a rather unhappy Jack into his car seat in Cas’ truck, and drove as fast as he could to the grocery store. When he arrived, he spotted two young blonde women standing near Dean. One held a large sledgehammer in her hands.
“In the process of reassembling his soul and body, I became very familiar with the his memories, especially the ones that scarred his soul,” Cas continued, staring John down, “I had to differentiate between the ones that had been inflicted upon him by Alastair, and the ones inflicted upon him… prior to his time below.” John’s face went pale. “So I hope you understand why I am about to do this.”
Cas and Dean glanced at each other uncertainly. “Can you take us to the trail you were on?”
His heart dropped.
Sorry for the cliffhanger, things are going to really diverge from canon after this, because a lot of the plot points from now on sort of hinge on Jack being an adult. Also, I'm cutting out some of the dumber small plot lines. It's a challenge to plan.
“Surprise,” she greeted. She knew that Jody would not be happy with the split lip and bruises, but shockingly, her mother-figure was smiling at her. “You miss me?”
Billie scoffed. “The angel?”
Lucifer fixed his eyes on her, flashing them a hellish red. “No? Well then what’s my grace doing in him, hmm?” He looked back at Jack, tilting his head. “Indeed, my grace. Well, you can keep the kid, but I’m taking back my grace.”
“There is no ‘I’ in ‘team,’ Castiel, I want you to remember that.”
“We need to call Cas, let him know that everything’s alright. Get him off the Heaven search.”
“He said they’ll keep an eye out, but….” She looked at James. His face grew went from melancholy to anguished. He stood from where he was sitting at the counter and left the kitchen. He returned with a map and a collection of crystals.
Cas sighed. “Good.”
Sam figured he must have a concussion. His brain was whirring away uselessly, like an overheating laptop with a fan as loud as a jet engine. “So… wait a second, then why did he….”
Sam glared at Dean. “A demon posed as Donatello, and kidnapped Jack,” he admitted. “But, I mean, he’s fine now, and whatever it was he was trying to release from the pit didn’t make it topside, so….”
Cas remained silent as the demon chuckled and continued down the hall. Big plans? That could only mean one thing: Asmodeus was trying to use him against the Winchesters and Jack.
“I know, Jack.”
Where the streets have no name.”
“Do you want to hold him?” Cas nodded mutely. “Okay, just support his back so he doesn’t fall backwards.” Dean gently placed Jack in Cas’ arms, their shoulders brushing as he did so. Cas let out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding as Jack smiled up at him.
“But,” she continued, looking away, “sometimes, they catch me.”
Sam finally managed to pull Dean to his feet. His brother wobbled, but let himself be led to the library. He slumped into a chair, and returned to his unresponsive state.
Dean inhaled deeply. “I know.”
“So, what does this mean for us?” Dean really hoped it didn’t mean what he thought it meant.
“Hey, hey, hey,” Dean said, suddenly at Cas’ side. Cas gasped in a breath. He hadn’t realized he’d been holding it. Dean took the ex-angel’s arm and sat him down at the table.
Dean didn’t know how long he’d been sitting there, staring at the blue fabric on the walls. He couldn’t bring himself to move. He knew he needed to. He needed to get Sam out of Hell, and figure out what Chuck had done with Eileen, and make sure Jack was safe.
“It’s supposed to snow in the pass tonight,” Sarah said, “so tonight would be the night to do it.”
“What is she talking about?” Alex really hadn’t said anything, but, well, that was exactly what was wrong.
“Yeah.”
He heard Mather laugh as he ran away, duffel bag over his shoulder. Dean had forgotten to grab any spare ammunition. Damn. He wanted to run after the outlaw, but it would be no use without a reload.
“Thank you,” Dean said, dragging Cas toward the exhibits.
“Your father made me a mixtape of these guys when we were dating,” Mary said softly.
“I learned something very interesting today,” Dean said. “I learned that you– you, personally– lobotomized angels in order to reform them.” He stopped spinning his blade, catching it in a fighting grip. He raised his arms in a fake shrug. “I wanted to hear if it’s true.”
