Cas tilts his head, eyes narrowed. His voice is careful, but resolute, when he says, ‘You’re not empty, Dean.’
Sam makes a choked noise and Dean flushes to the roots of his hair, but manages to bark out a laugh at Sam’s expense.
Castiel pushes up the hem of Dean’s jeans, wrapping his hands carefully around Dean’s ankle. Castiel can’t heal Dean the way he used to, but maybe he can still help. ‘It’s not broken,’ he says. Dean’s skin is cold in his palms, and he wishes he could send warmth into him. A pang shoots through Castiel, and he feels suddenly useless.
Cas raises his hand again and lays his palm on Jack’s forehead; Jack raises his own hands, stretching them toward Sam and Dean and Cas. Cas’s eyes flare ice-blue and Jack’s flare gold.
The room comes into sharp focus, Dean’s heart beating rabbit fast against his ribs. Remnants of sleep fall away. Because Cas is holding the jacket Dean was wearing when—
Dean starts to protest the reproach in Cas’s voice, is going to say it’s not a big deal, but the words die in his throat, and he ends up saying, ‘Sorry,’ surprising both himself and Cas if the raise of Cas’s brows is any indication.
He looks at Sam and Eileen with their arms around each other and Jack sitting guard by his castle. And then he looks at Cas, wearing his tacky shirt just because Dean wanted him to, and his pulse flutters. He knocks their knees together and Cas looks over at him, lips quirking.
There’s something about Cas… He looks into Dean, sees him stripped to his core. It’s terrifying and wonderful. Dean wants to trust Cas—
‘Don’t patronise me.’ Despite this, Castiel can’t help but preen a little. Even if Dean is only being polite, he still said Castiel’s wings are awesome, and that hits something deep inside Castiel. A primal part of him that longs for Dean’s praise and approval.
‘Can’t watch a movie without snacks,’ he adds, inanely, and heads for the door. The hallway is quiet, but the movie echoes in his mind.
He feels like an even bigger dick when Cas says, ‘I’m taking my cues from you. I’ve never done this.’
So Castiel plays his part and says, ‘It’s not wasted on you,’ cupping Dean’s jaw with his palm. He’s pleased that it can still make Dean go all bashful, and even more pleased when he trails his palm down Dean’s neck to rest on his chest, and Dean’s eyes light up with heat.
‘I don’t know,’ Castiel admits. All he knows is that he needs to touch Dean. Now and everywhere. ‘I just want to touch you.’
Dean rubs a hand over the back of his neck and says, ‘Just…thought it’d be nice to get away.’ He looks at Castiel a moment, then pulls some food out of the cooler, turning away to put it in the fridge.
‘Aw, I don’t know,’ Dean says, ‘I kinda like the peach fuzz.’ He reaches out again, scratching his fingers through Cas’s beard. ‘The rugged look suits you.’
The rest of the day is spent in the same peaceful haze, exploring the area surrounding the cabin and, when they get back, each other. The week passes by similarly—they take a boat out on the lake, they go for long walks, they make love. Often, they just sit together by the fire or by the lake, content in each other’s company.
The ever unflappable Cas looks, well, flapped, and he shakes his head. He shifts his weight, and Dean thinks he’s going to leave, but he only moves to sit beside Dean. The press of his shoulder against Dean’s is comforting. ‘Do you want to talk?’ he says.
Most of the floor space is taken up by a large claw-footed tub; Castiel finds Dean perched on the edge of it, peering down at his ankle, which he rolls one way, then the other. His face is pale and drawn, but Castiel has seen him looking worse.
Cas hums and continues to wash Dean’s hair in silence. When he’s done, he gets more clean water from the sink to rinse the suds out, gently guiding Dean’s head back again with his hand cupped under Dean’s chin. ‘Does that feel better?’ He withdraws his hand slowly, fingertips trailing Dean’s throat.
Castiel watches for a moment, then drags himself out of bed and dresses before following Dean downstairs.
. That’s what you do when you—’ Dean swallows, a muscle in his jaw ticking. ‘It’s what you do for family.’
‘Yeah, I guess, but…’ Dean doesn’t know how to explain it. He’s wrung out and stretched thin, and there’s nothing inside him. ‘It feels like it’s more than that.’
He sets the plates down on the coffee table, then goes to stoke the fire. The wood hisses and pops, little sparks flying up. When he’s done, he settles on the couch, leaving enough room so that Dean won’t have to sit too close. He’s not sure he’s ever been so conscious of the space between them.
Something suspiciously close to, but definitely not, jealousy fizzes in Dean’s blood, churns in his gut. So, Cas knocks up some human chick in the future. Guy isn’t going to stay a virgin forever, is he? That’s if the kid is telling the truth. ‘Well,’ Dean says, licking his lips, ‘Cas, you old dog.’ His voice sounds wrong.
‘Uh…’ Dean shakes his head, then nods. ‘Yeah, I think Sam has some.’ He scrambles to his feet and goes to dig out the bubble bath Sam pretends he doesn’t use and hands it over to Cas.
Castiel doesn’t know how long they stand there holding each other but, eventually, one or maybe both of them pulls back. Castiel runs the backs of his fingers down the side of Dean’s face and leans in and kisses him.
The weight of Dean above him is strange, but it feels good to be this close—the press of their bodies, the slide of their tongues, the sounds Dean makes when Castiel sinks his hands into Dean’s hair, holding tight.
There are a few moments where Castiel considers lying. It’s obvious that Dean is blaming himself for this, which is ridiculous because he
They stand like that, at an impasse, because Castiel isn’t going to back down when Dean is hurt, and Dean is infuriatingly stubborn. It’s likely they’ll stand here all night, which would defeat Castiel’s purpose of getting Dean to rest his injured foot. But Dean surprises Castiel by saying, ‘Hey, Cas,’ and when Castiel turns to look at him he flaps his arms and says, ‘Cluck, cluck.’
‘Dean.’ Cas rests a hand on Dean’s knee, turning so he’s facing Dean. ‘I don’t feel like any time we’ve spent together has been wasted. Do you?’
After a few more beers, he even cajoles Cas into dancing with him, though it’s more swaying on the spot with their arms loosely hanging around each other. It’s nice, though. Corny, but nice. He looks past Cas’s shoulder to where Sam and Eileen are sitting together, looking tired but happy, heads resting together. Claire and Jack, who had been wary of each other for the first hour, are now talking animatedly in a way that Dean will worry about when he’s sober.
Dean huffs and kicks Cas again. ‘Shut up,’ he says, but he’s smiling and Cas is smiling back at him.
They make love that way, face to face, their gazes never wavering. Not for the first time, Castiel loses himself in Dean’s eyes, but now he knows that when Dean looks back at him, it’s with love.
Cas huffs. ‘Well, you’ve got this bathtub, now. Why don’t you take a bath? I’m told they’re very relaxing.’
Cas stares at Dean, his gaze searching and penetrating, and then he drops his hand. His brow furrows. ‘Oh.’ He looks at Jack, and something crosses his face, like he’s really looking at him properly for the first time. ‘I’m…sorry,’ he says.
. He takes it down, switching it with a Led Zeppelin poster on the opposite wall, then gets back into bed.
They take it slow this time, learning each other with touches and kisses, relishing in their pleasure and in simply being together. Dean holds Cas tight, filled with so much love and wonder and happiness.
Castiel hums and stands, slipping his pants off and handing them over to Dean. It leaves him in his underwear, the hem of his sweater just brushing the tops of his thighs.
A bright feeling blooms in Dean’s chest. ’Course,’ he says, ‘I’ll go, uh’—he waggles the plates, then waves at himself—‘and meet you in the Dean Cave?’
Heart hammering against his ribs, Dean watches as Cas sheds his trench coat and suit jacket, rolling up the sleeves of his shirt. He watches as Cas turns the faucets, water streaming into the tub, and fights the urge to turn tail and run.
Later, Sam and Eileen will build their castle and they’ll let Jack help and they’ll declare the castles equally good. Then they’ll all watch the sunset together, and, when Sam, Eileen and Jack have gone to their rooms, Dean and Cas will take a walk down the beach hand in hand.
Cas stares, open-mouthed, but when Dean curls a hand around his wrist and tugs, he comes willingly. Settles back on the edge of the bed, shoulders curved under an invisible weight Dean wants so badly to carry. They rise and fall and he says, ‘It’s very hard to say no to you.’
Because the thing is, beneath the crazy, Cas is still Cas. And Dean would rather have him, cursed or not.
Thanks so much for reading! And for the comments/kudos/etc along the way - really glad people have enjoyed this :)
It’s nothing like the first kiss, but it’s still soft and slow. It’s two people who know each other better than anyone else, learning something new. When they part, Dean is a little breathless. He cups Cas’s jaw in his hand and says, ‘I love you, Castiel.’
‘You’ve been through a lot, and you don’t need an excuse. But you do need sleep.’ At Dean’s look, Cas adds, ‘We both do.’ He pauses, reaching out a hand and laying it gently on Dean’s knee. ‘I wish I could help, that I could banish your nightmares with the touch of my hand…but I can’t anymore.’ His brow knits and his fingers tighten on Dean’s knee. ‘You don’t deserve this pain.’
Dean rubs the back of his neck. ‘Just…’ He lifts his shoulders; he looks a little uncertain again. ‘Look, I’m usually all “no glove, no love”, but I’m clean, and I figure you being recently an angel, you’d be, too, so we don’t have to use one. Unless you wanna?’
‘It’s not the bed.’ Cas turns his coffee mug in his palms. ‘The room feels too big but…it’s too small at the same time.’ A sigh. ‘It makes no sense. I can’t explain it. It feels…’ He trails off, like he can’t find the right word, and shrugs.
Dean sighs and nudges Castiel back toward the bed, pushing his shoulders until Castiel sits. Dean follows, straddling Castiel’s thighs, taking Castiel’s face in his hands. He tilts it up and says, ‘This okay?’
Dean doesn’t point out that Cas almost always did touch him, whether he needed to or not, and says, ‘That doesn’t matter.’
‘It’s OK,’ Castiel says, watching the wine soak into his pants. Red spreading over heathered grey like blood. He likes these pants. Dean’s words sink in, and he blinks up at him. ‘You
Castiel huffs and pushes Dean back to the mattress with a hand to his chest. ‘Are you going to sleep, or do I have to take more drastic measures?’
‘Yeah, looking forward to meeting you again,’ Dean says. ‘Or, uh, for the first time.’ He hates time travel.
At first, Dean thought maybe it was overwhelming, being back from whatever a place like The Empty might be, and Cas needed some space to adjust. Fine. Dean could give him space, no matter how much he didn’t want to let him out of his sight.
Heart thudding, Dean turns to him, his tongue going thick and stupid in his mouth. Even under the sallow fluorescent lights, Cas looks stupidly gorgeous. Dean clears his throat and manages to say, ‘Tell you that your taste in clothes sucks.’
‘Whatever, the important thing is, maybe you wanted to kiss Cas, and maybe you didn’t, but you should talk to him, either way.’
Cas smiles that small smile Dean knows is reserved for Jack related happiness, and squeezes Jack tight.
Light slants through the window behind Castiel, washing Dean’s bare skin in faint tones of gold. It’s pretty, but it’s not enough for Castiel to gauge what time it is. He frowns. ‘Is it late?’
all-too-knowing looks cast his way. A shudder runs through him at the thought, alone, and he looks out toward the ocean again.
‘Hey, hey, I was kidding.’ Relief floods Dean. The thought of some huge surprise party was, honestly, something he wasn’t keen on. ‘You were right. Small is good. Whatever you guys have planned, it’s going to be awesome, OK?’
There’s a knock at his door, and Castiel mumbles, ‘Just a second,’ searching for his shirt. But the door is pushed open, anyway, and Dean barges in.
Dean bites his lip and lifts his shoulders. If he speaks, now, he’s going to spill it all. How he’d felt like he was drowning when Cas was gone, not just this time, but the time before and the time before that. How he’s not sure he’ll survive the next time. There won’t be a next time, though. Not on his watch. He turns toward Cas, hand braced on the counter, throat clicking as he swallows.
Dean blinks and then he laughs. And then he can’t stop. He laughs until his sides ache and Cas is giving him a long-suffering look—lips twitching beneath it—and Jack just looks anxious.
‘Okay. But…’ A yawn interrupts Dean’s train of thought. Cas’s fingers pause and Dean lets out an embarrassing noise, pushing his head into Cas’s palm. Cas huffs but returns to playing with Dean’s hair. ‘We could sleep like this more often,’ Dean says. ‘If you want.’
Dean’s phone buzzes. It startles them, breaking the moment. Dean curses and picks the phone up. It’s a text from Sam. Damn it, even when he’s not here, he’s interrupting them. Dean thumbs a quick reply and pockets the phone. ‘It was just Sam.’
Cas hesitates, flicking a glance down the hall toward his room, before he finally crosses the threshold. He folds his arms over his chest, then lets them hang by his sides.
‘It’s unlikely,’ Castiel sighs. At Dean’s deepening frown, he adds, ‘Even before…my “mojo” was all over the place. I think this is as good as I’ll get. And my wings…’
Dean hesitates a moment—glancing at the chair by the desk—before he carefully settles behind Castiel. The mattress dips beneath his weight, and his knees touch Castiel’s hips. His fingers skim Castiel’s primaries, sending a shiver through him. ‘That hurt?’ Dean asks.
Dean searches Castiel’s face, and he shakes his head. ‘I don’t think you do.’ He sits back, hand falling from Castiel, and runs a hand through his hair.
The rhythm of Castiel’s hips falters once or twice, rapt in ecstasy, in Dean, but Dean doesn’t seem to mind. His eyes are hazy, even as they hold Castiel’s.
.’ Cas huffs. ‘That makes it sound like I’m incontinent, Dean. I just find it inconvenient and annoying—’
? But then he risks a glance over, and Cas has reached his hand out. Oh. He meant he could use his mojo. Something that is definitely not disappointment wells up in Dean’s chest. ‘Nah,’ he says around it, ‘never really feel clean when you do that.’
Castiel huffs and slides his hand between their bodies, curling it around Dean’s cock. It’s hot and heavy under his palm, and his breath quickens at touching Dean like this. At the way Dean’s hips falter and his eyelids flutter.
‘No,’ Castiel says. He brings one of Dean’s hands to his mouth and kisses the palm. ‘But you’re shaking.’
a word big enough for what they mean to each other, but Cas is his person, and the rest is window dressing.
There’s a not-so-secret thrill that Cas lets him do it. Humours him. It’s not like Dean doesn’t know. Doesn’t delight in it.
They move around each other awkwardly for the remainder of the day, which sucks because there’s usually an easiness to being with Cas. Always has been. Even when there’s tension and words unsaid. There have been awkward
…’ Cas’s breath catches. ‘I thought you would do it out of kindness, if anything. But I realised, when I finally talked to you, I was being foolish. I’m ashamed I thought it at all.’
It’s even nicer. Dean’s never let anyone hold him like this. He was always the one doing the spooning. The spooner, not the spoonee.
Dean swallows a strangled noise and says, ‘Good,’ and when Cas tells him to relax, again, he finally lets his eyes drift closed.
He’s so lost in it that, if he weren’t so tuned in to Cas, he might not have noticed Cas kneeling beside the tub, his eyes dark and focussed on Dean. He’s so close Dean imagines he can feel heat radiating off of him, but it’s probably just rising up from the water. But when Cas produces a washcloth from somewhere, dipping it in the water and running it down Dean’s arm, an inner heat overcomes Dean.
‘Were you hurt on the hunt? Sam said you went to take a shower, and you hadn’t come out of the bathroom yet. He didn’t seem concerned, but—’
together, but something unfurls in Dean’s chest as he watches them. Something liquid warm and bright.
Dean clears his throat and says, ‘Let’s take a rain check on this conversation,’ noting the way the cashier’s shoulders slump.
A sweet breeze blows through the window as they cruise down the road. Dean looks over to Cas in the passenger seat, pulse skipping at the way the setting sun catches in his hair and his eyes. It’s the kind of moment he could write off as cornball. It’s the kind of moment he has to close his eyes against, memorising every detail, keeping it tucked safely away.
Goosebumps rise up over Dean’s skin, and then there’s that liquid gold feeling rushing through him. It’s more intense than it usually is, and Dean doesn’t know if it’s because Cas is taking his time or if it’s just that he’s letting himself fall into it in a way he usually doesn’t. Either way, he’s breathless as Cas withdraws his hand.
They get changed mostly in silence—Castiel tries not to steal glances at Dean as he strips—and then, finally, Dean lets Castiel guide him to the brightly upholstered couch in front of the fireplace.
Sleep tugs at Dean, but he resists its pull. Wriggles around, digs his fingernails into his palm. He doesn’t want to miss any of this.
And he looks so happy. As happy as Castiel feels. It’s not the same happiness he felt when he triggered his deal with the Empty. That was something for him alone. This is a shared feeling. They’re happy
They’re on the edge of something, Dean can feel it. Taste it at the back of his throat. It’s not the first time, not by a long shot, but each time it happens lately, Dean is closer and closer to jumping right off and diving headfirst into whatever comes next. He licks his lips and says, ‘Maybe not,’ and if Cas is surprised he doesn’t show it.
They continue their meal in an awkward silence until Dean says, ‘This is stupid,’ dropping his fork and leaning back.
Soft grunts and groans filter through Cas’s door as Dean walks by. It answers the question of where Cas had slipped off to after they woke in their recliners, and then shared breakfast in the kitchen again. But now it poses the question of what the hell Cas is doing behind his closed door.
‘No!’ Dean jerks awake, the last vestiges of his nightmare fogging his brain and tightening his throat. He gulps air as he sits, leaning forward, elbows braced on his knees.
Thankfully, no one asks Dean to make a speech, though as giddy as he’s feeling from the beer and the sugar high and his family around him, he nearly makes one, anyway. Instead, he just raises a toast and mutters a gruff, ‘Thank you,’ before swallowing down his beer.
Castiel has touched himself before—out of curiosity, then necessity, then just because he wanted to—but this feels so much better. He reaches out, curling his hand around the back of Dean’s neck.
It turns heated quickly, Dean’s legs parting to cradle Castiel’s, and his hand reaching out for the lube on the nightstand.
Static hisses in Castiel’s ears. He never thought Dean would ever— Did he really say— ‘You…love me?’
‘Thanks, Mr Spock,’ Dean says, lips quirking at the way Cas’s eyes narrow in his direction. He doesn’t say anything else, just watches Cas eat as Cas watches him, music softly crackling through the radio. When they’re done, Dean takes Cas’s plate and says, ‘I’ll put these in the kitchen and then get cleaned up.’
The cake Jack made and decorated with the help of Sam and Eileen—Cas was banned from the kitchen after what they’ve dubbed the nacho disaster—is wheeled out, blazing with candles, and an off-key rendition of ‘Happy birthday’ is sung.
‘I’m not a monster.’ Jack doesn’t sound entirely certain, even as he takes another half-step forward. He tries a smile. ‘I’m your son. From the future.’
It feels…anticipatory, which doesn’t make sense, because Dean had only asked Cas to watch a movie with him. They’ve done that a million times. It’s normal.
So, he doesn’t have the picket fence, and he’s raising Lucifer’s kid with his brother and his best friend. And he’s in love with his best friend, and Cas doesn’t love him back.
Though Dean relented, Castiel still feels irritated, and he stomps up the stairs. Dean’s ceaseless neglect of his own wellbeing is
Dean smirks into Castiel’s skin, trailing kisses down his chest, his stomach, and when he gets to Castiel’s briefs, Castiel lets him take them off, this time. Dean wraps his hand around Castiel’s cock, the calloused pad of his thumb pressing in just the right place.
‘You know that’s not what I mean.’ There’s a sigh and the warmth of Cas’s shoulder disappears. ‘I’m worried about you.’
The noise Sam makes, then—somewhere between a whimper and a choked cough—would, under other circumstances, either fill Dean with concern or glee. But, right now, he’s still stuck on his future self having a
‘OK.’ Dean tries to believe it, but he’s gone tense and Cas must feel it because his hands pause, uncertain, at the small of Dean’s back.
‘Right.’ It’s a flimsy excuse, a kiss-off, a kick in the guts, but Dean waits a beat, and then two, hopeful heart in his throat, before he adds, ‘I guess I’ll leave you to it.’
When Cas doesn’t say anything else, Dean walks away, but he pauses by the door. Turns back to look at Cas. His breath hitches and he thinks about saying it, now, no matter that the timing feels off. ‘Cas, I’m…’ He sighs. ‘I’m real glad you’re here.’
Words are for later. Now, Castiel needs to touch Dean, to hold him, to kiss him. So, he crowds Dean against the fireplace, Dean’s gaze steady on him, and takes Dean’s face in his hands. ‘Dean,’ he says, ‘I love you so much.’
Cas pauses with a forkful of eggs halfway to his mouth. ‘Sorry…’ He lowers the fork. ‘I was hungrier than I realised.’
‘Of course.’ Castiel squeezes Dean’s shoulder. The raised skin beneath his palms fills him with a strange sensation. Something deep and primal. ‘Why did you want it back?’
There was a time Dean thought yeah, maybe, but he’s not so sure now. Jesse and Cesar make him feel wistful, fill him with might have beens.
to avoid looking at Cas, just…just because. All the lights are on, flooding the room; in fact, there might be an extra lamp, or two. ‘What’s with all the lights?’
Dean rolls his eyes and tries to put them back, but easily relents at the look Cas gives him, and the tea stays. ‘That lady’—Dean jerks a thumb in the direction the woman had gone off in—‘she called us husbands.’
‘Yeah.’ There’s an unmistakable heat in Cas’s gaze that makes Dean’s pulse stutter. He returns it, even as he says, ‘You know, as much as I hate being called an old man, I ain’t exactly a spring chicken here. Gonna need some time to recover.’ He looks Cas up and down. ‘You probably do, too, now that you’re human.’
When they kiss again, their teeth clack and Dean’s hand is somehow caught in the pillowcase. He yanks his hand free, whacking Cas in the shoulder in the process.
‘Maybe he could help us with our apocalypse problem,’ Dean says. ‘Lucifer’s kid’s gotta have some intel, right?’
Dean stares Cas down but he eventually, inevitably, wavers. ‘Fine, I’ll put more on when we get back.’
Even in the candlelight, Castiel can see that Dean is blushing. It looks good on him. Dean coughs and says, ‘I’ll go…fix these,’ waving the pants and pushing his chair abruptly back from the table. ‘You should put some pants on,’ he adds over his shoulder.
The footsteps grow closer, and closer still, and at the last moment before they pass by, Dean throws the door open and says, ‘Oh, hey, Cas. Time for bed, huh?’ neither casual, nor smooth. But the second his gaze lands on Cas he’s hit by the desire to touch him, go to him, throw his arms around him,
Shit. Dean doesn’t have an answer that doesn’t sound stupid or too revealing. ‘Well, you’re the one with insomnia.’ He coughs. ‘Doesn’t feel fair.’
‘Thank you.’ There’s the slightest flush to Cas’s skin, his eyes a little wide and too-considering as he stares at Dean across the table. He frowns and looks away, rubbing his chin. ‘I should probably shave.’
Dean wiggles his toes then shuffles back until he’s sitting at the head of the bed. He grabs Cas’s arm, tugging him closer, and says, ‘Getting comfortable.’
Anyway, this is becoming increasingly shamelessly self indulgent and a bit dramatic haha XD this chapter
The family has been served, leaving only the old man in front of them, so Cas starts loading the groceries onto the conveyor belt. ‘I don’t have strong feelings about it one way or the other.’ He smiles at the cashier, who isn’t even bothering to pretend not to listen in while she scans the old dude’s stuff, and adds, ‘But if you wanted to, I wouldn’t be against it.’
‘Knock yourself out.’ Dean doesn’t have to ask which Charlie Cas means. It’s in the way he says her name. And he doesn’t look at which movie Cas chose, until Cas glances over, catching him staring. Again.
Rain lashes the roof and the sides of the cabin, thunder rumbles in the distance; Castiel tries to crowd Dean toward the sofa, but Dean outmanoeuvres him, heading for the spiral staircase that leads to the loft bedroom.
which is my SPN tumblr - it’s mostly me reblogging things but I do post my fics there and my art, sometimes or
Mentions of Dean grieving (in the past) and there is also a brief beginning of a panic attack (but not full blown) in this chapter
Great. Cas would choose now to be oblivious. ‘Since I’ve…had sex.’ Dean wriggles his fingers with a wink. ‘Unless you count my right hand.’
Cas is sitting on the bed, slumped against the wall, hands folded in his lap. His pyjamas are rumpled, the shirt half unbuttoned and slipping aside, showing his collarbone, the hint of a shoulder. It doesn’t look like he’s slept, either.
‘I honestly never thought this far. I never thought you’d—’ Castiel’s words stop short at how stricken Dean looks. And hey may not have thought this far, but Dean is right. They’ve overcome so much, so Castiel says, ‘But…I think if anyone can, why not us?’
‘Anyway,’ Dean says, cutting Cas off, the last of the nerve that’s filled him the past few days wavering, ‘if you change your mind about wanting company, you know where I am.’
Dean grunts, but there’s a faint hint of colour in his cheeks. He’s so unbearably beautiful, and Castiel has to look back to the lake to catch his breath.
After the tense conversation sparked by the bloody handprint on Dean’s jacket, Cas had asked if Dean would take him to buy some new clothes. Even though it was Dean’s suggestion in the first place, part of him had been disappointed he wouldn’t get to see Cas wearing his clothes. But it was good to get out of the bunker, drive around, even if it was only into town.
Dean starts to protest—he’s relaxed plenty, already—but Cas runs his hands up Dean’s chest and continues:
Dean is cleaning his gun, all the parts laid out on the table in the library, when there is a shift in the air. He knows without looking that someone else is in the room with him. ‘Hey, kiddo,’ he says, laying the magazine down. ‘I was just about to make lunch when I’ve finished this. I know you don’t need to eat, but what do you feel like?’
going on a second date with the waitress at the diner in town, and somehow it fills him with a feeling a little too close to joy.
‘I wasn’t sure what to have engraved on it, nothing seemed adequate and, honestly, I wasn’t sure what to get you at all and—’
When they part, Castiel says, ‘I think I’m going to enjoy this vacation,’ and Dean laughs again, and Castiel can’t help but laugh, too.
So, now, Dean is sitting by his desk, staking out the stretch of hallway between the bathroom and Cas’s room. The door is only open a crack, so Cas doesn’t see the light spilling out and get spooked, which means Dean’s relying on the sounds in the bunker more than anything.
like that,’ Dean says on a moan, hitching his leg higher around Castiel’s waist, driving him closer.
Castiel’s heart leaps. He’s no stranger to Dean’s touch—a friendly pat on the shoulder, desperate hands when Castiel has been on the edge of death—but it’s never been like this. Tender and deliberate.
‘Or we could, you know, spoon.’ Even through the fog of sleep slowly enveloping him, there is a tinge of embarrassment. But he’s too tired and too comfortable to care that much.
That little spark of hope flares up in Castiel’s chest, threatening to consume him. Friends can hold hands, but Dean isn’t the kind of person who would hold a friend’s hand.
‘Nothing, it’s…’ Castiel concentrates. It’s the strangest thing, but it’s like the scar is still there—has always been there—under Dean’s skin. The wounds, the scars, Castiel heals are usually gone like they were never there. But this—
?’ He screws his face up because disco, really? ‘Wait. Is this one of those, uh, Bollywood movies? Where everyone sings and dances the whole time?’
This is the chapter where the M rating finally applies! It's pretty mild as far as sexual content usually goes for my fics (though it's the first above a T I've written for this ship) but, yeah, M still feels appropriate - lmk if more specific tags are needed wrt the sex acts
Cas starts to turn away, saying, ‘Sorry, I assumed you—’ but he pauses at the thunk of Dean’s boots hitting the floor. ‘What are you doing?’
They stay in this half-embrace, quietly breathing until Dean pulls back. Cas’s shoulders slump, his neck curved down, so Dean reaches out, tugs on Cas’s arm until he turns to face Dean. It’s too much, seeing everything he wants to say in Cas’s eyes, especially when they’re so close. He turns to move away, off of the bed, but the movement twists his spine and he winces.
Caught between the urge to retreat and give Cas space, or step forward and touch him, Dean ends up shuffling back, awkwardly cocking a hip against his desk. ‘Hey, uh, come in for a minute.’
Despite his mood and the tense atmosphere, Castiel can’t help but smile. ‘They’re wings, Dean. No more private than your arms or legs.’ He doesn’t point out that Dean has been an angel’s vessel and has technically had wings himself, but his smile falls thinking about that time all the same.
After, Castiel settles on his side, facing Dean. Dean is lying on his back, a small easy smile playing over his lips. His skin has a sheen of sweat over it and, though his lust is sated for now, Castiel wants to press his mouth to every inch. Map every single freckle and mole on Dean’s body, and then do it all again.
They lie together for a while until Dean says, ‘Okay, up and at ‘em. I don’t wanna get back to the bunker too late,’ and hauls himself out of bed.
Dean murmurs something, but it’s obscured by the still falling rain and the way he doesn’t open his mouth all the way to speak.
Jack opens his mouth, but Cas says, ‘Dean, if it hasn’t happened, how are we to know if it’s true? He could make it up. We haven’t experienced the future, yet.’
The hand pushes up, along Castiel’s neck, and into his hair. A shudder runs through Castiel, and his breathing feels a little shallower. He doesn’t understand how a simple touch can affect him this much.
‘Your husband dropped this,’ she says, holding out the wallet he’d bought Cas for his “un-birthday” (Jack’s idea) a few months ago.
Jack flinches. He has every time Cas calls him ‘thing’ or ‘abomination’. It pings something for Dean but he lets it slide for now, and says, ‘Got some kinda angelic paternity test we can do?’ He holds his hands up at Cas’s glare. ‘Just in case.’
‘Yeah, well…’ Dean ducks his gaze, scuffs his shoe on the floor. ‘Look, I’ve never been good at showing you how much I appreciate you. Care about you.’
‘Okay.’ Cas settles on his back, one arm resting by his side, the other stretched out in invitation. He looks so—
Dean twists his fingers in Cas’s shirt. It’s some old Joni Mitchell tour shirt Cas found at a thrift store and Dean likes to give Cas shit about his weird taste in music whenever he wears it. He likes it, though. How it sits on Cas and makes him look like he belongs here.
Dean shifts on the couch. ‘It’s kind of equivalent to friend but can also mean brother or…lover.’ He flushes. It’s dumb because they
It’s on the tip of Dean’s tongue to ask Cas to join him, but then he looks at the water. It’s dirty from all the grime and blood Cas has washed off of him, and the words die in his throat. His chest squeezes tight. What was he thinking? He can’t let Cas get in here, get all dirty. And not the fun kind of dirty.
‘No, Dean, he can’t be. It wasn’t wrong.’ Cas looks stricken, and Dean doesn’t know if it’s at the revelation of what he tells Jack in the future, about that other Nephilim, or that Jack must really be his son. Cas gathers himself and says, ‘I would never have relations with a human!’
Pleasure bolts through him at the touch of Cas’s hand and the way their cocks slide together. He wraps his hand around Cas’s, showing Cas how he likes it. His other hand is fisted in Cas’s hair, tilting his head back so they can kiss as they rock against each other. It’s so fucking good.
‘Good.’ Cas sounds satisfied, and it settles warm and low in Dean. ‘You should go back to sleep,’ Cas adds.
With those words, the spell of the cabin is broken, and Castiel realises he’s more nervous about going back than he’d thought. He opens his mouth to tell Dean, then shuts it again. It’s foolish to be nervous. Whatever happens, he’s going to be by Dean’s side in one way or another.
There’s nothing on Castiel’s mind that he wants to talk about, right now, so he says, ‘Did you know that Australia has the largest population of camels in the wild?’
But then Cas says, ‘Still, I wish I’d been there, just in case. I came as soon as I could,’ and Dean wonders if he was projecting his thoughts.
There’s a puff of air across the back of Dean’s neck as Cas lets out an indignant huff, but he slides an arm around Dean’s waist, pulling him flush to his chest.
It’s not long before Dean forgets all about giving Cas some pointers because Cas is kissing the hell out of him. One moment, they’re sitting side by side, and the next, Dean is flat on his back with Cas above him. He’s not sure if Cas had pushed him or if Dean pulled him down, but he’s not complaining, either way.
‘Yes,’ Cas says, ‘I think so,’ but there’s still something guarded in his voice. Still something he’s holding back.
The fluttering in Dean’s stomach dissolves and he barks out a laugh. ‘You’re dorks,’ he says. He looks at Cas and Jack. ‘All of you.’
if you’re into reblogging those things :)  (this isn’t the same post from the first chapter, I made a new one for this chapter :))
So, the sight of Dean settled between his thighs isn’t exactly something out of his fantasies, but it sends a frisson of lust through him, and he wonders how he never thought about it before.
‘You—’ Several emotions pass over Dean’s face, settling somewhere between amused and stricken. ‘You think I brought you out here with the trees, and the lake, and the fireplace, and the candlelit dinner, and the
because Cas is fucking weird—and, sure, Dean is old enough to admit he can maybe be weird too, sometimes—but this doesn’t feel like that.
It’s an understatement, but Dean stops himself from saying so. Instead, he reaches out to tip the brim of Jack’s hat down and says, ‘It’s getting there, kiddo.’ Jack pushes his hat back, smiling up at Dean; Cas throws Dean a grateful glance.
But Dean soon pushes gently at Castiel’s chest and jerks a thumb over his shoulder. ‘Uh, I just gotta…’ He coughs. ‘Bathroom.’
‘It’s just one of those things, there’s nothing to do.’ Dean shrugs and adds, ‘Except drown all the bad shit in whisky, I guess.’
A sickening cold dampens the spark of hope, and he does his best to swallow it down. It’s not fair to expect anything from Dean. Shameful, almost. Dean’s friendship is more than enough. If Castiel can keep that, he’ll be content.
when she said it. And then Sam had gone to see Eileen, and Dean had been glad to be alone with Cas, but now he almost wishes they had a buffer.
Heat shoots through Castiel, and his lungs feel tight; he can’t talk, so he tilts his head up to kiss Dean again, wrapping a hand around the back of Dean’s neck. Dean is leaning over him, their bodies not quite touching, a maddening tease. He kisses Castiel’s mouth, his jaw, his chin. Ducks down to kiss Castiel’s neck.
‘Right. Yeah.’ About a hundred different feelings crowd in Dean’s chest, almost all of them positive for a change, and he makes a decision. It’s stupid to pretend he doesn’t want this, especially knowing Cas wants it too. He pushes at Cas and sits up, bending to unlace his boots.
The downpour grows heavier, and the dead leaves and dirt beneath them become slippery. Castiel nearly slips on them once or twice, but it’s Dean who stumbles and falls as they make their way down a slight incline.
Dean’s barely glanced at the handprint on his shoulder since that first day. Gaze sliding over it when he undresses or showers.
Dean searches Cas’s gaze, trying to figure if he’s being sincere, or not. ‘Well, yeah. If you don’t wanna be alone you can… You can come to me, man.’ His face is hot and his hands might be trembling. He presses them flatter to the table and repeats, ‘You can come to me. Any time.’
It’s the perfect opportunity for Castiel to ask what will happen between them when they return, but he wants the spell of the cabin to last a little longer.
The woman wishes them both a good day, then hurries off, and Dean says, ‘Guess we look more domestic than I thought, huh?’ pushing the cart down the aisle and into the next.
Dean gives him that sideways look he does when he’s trying to figure out if Castiel is making a joke, or not, and then he smiles. It eases some of the tension coiled in Castiel’s chest, even as it leaves him a little breathless.
Bacon pops, eggs sizzle, the percolator gurgles; Cas grunts when Dean says, ‘Morning, sunshine,’ plating the bacon and eggs. At the last moment, he decides to arrange them into smiley faces—they could do with some extra cheer. ‘Sleep better?’
But, now, desire floods him. All the longing he’s been trying to hold back for years surges up from deep inside. It’s heady.
‘Giving you a back rub.’ It sounds like a bad line, like the beginning of some cheesy porno. Dean takes comfort in the fact that the suggestiveness will probably go over Cas’s head, even though this is still something they don’t do. His stomach does a somersault in slow-motion at the newness of touching Cas like this.
Somewhere in the background, someone makes a choked noise—probably Sam—and then all Dean hears is white noise because Cas leans in and their lips are touching.
. He mutes the television and gets a blanket from the stash he keeps in here, draping it over Cas. Watches the gentle rise and fall of his chest for a few moments. There’s a lock of hair curling over Cas’s forehead, so Dean brushes it back gently, then steps away.
Cas doesn’t answer, just works his thumbs into the base of Dean’s spine, releasing the pressure there, before moving back up. It’s difficult for Dean to lie here and let Cas do this, to not feel like he’s not worthy of such care. But it feels so so good. And Cas
And that’s all Castiel needs to finally act, flipping them over in a move as swift and elegant as any he made as an angel. The sight of Dean beneath him, his thighs cradling Castiel’s ribs, hands splayed over his shoulder blades, feels so
. In which case…well, at least part of Dean also wants to know about it, but he probably shouldn’t barge in if Cas is getting some quality alone time. Does Cas even… Well, he
Sam’s eyes bug out of his head; Cas merely blinks. Dean counts that as a win and goes to the fridge to grab himself a victory beer, and when he turns around, Cas is
They make short work of stringing the lights above Dean’s bed; Dean’s hand trembles as he reaches up, and he hopes Cas doesn’t notice.
It’s the first time Cas has initiated being in the same room as Dean since he got back, and a spark of hope kindles in Dean’s chest. Maybe all Cas needed was some sleep to get over whatever had him avoiding Dean these past few days. Maybe now Dean can finally
Castiel descends the stairs and moves over to Dean. There’s a strange feeling in the pit of his stomach that wants to climb up, up, up, and choke him. ‘Dean,’ he starts, at the same time Dean says, ‘Look, if there’s a problem, I can take the couch.’
‘Are you all right?’ Castiel strides forward, barely thinking to check for any danger lurking. Things have been quiet on the supernatural front since they defeated Chuck, but it’s likely still reckless not to check. He doesn’t care.
The words tingle at the base of Castiel’s skull, and he fucks Dean harder, their breaths harsh, sweat slicking their skin, their hands grasping each other tight. Castiel feels suspended in the moment—Dean tight around him, their shared rapture almost a tangible thing—but he knows it won’t last, as much he wishes it would.
Castiel smiles and gives Dean’s shoulder a squeeze, starting to pull away. But Dean rests his hand on top of Castiel’s, thumb running back and forth.
. But when Cas tugs, urging Dean closer, Dean nearly slips, and Cas’s knee is way too close to somewhere Dean doesn’t want it to be and—
It’s not quite the way it’s always been—they’re still skirting something important, Castiel can feel it—but he lets himself believe it’s just like the old days. Two friends sharing a meal and conversation. Something Castiel has always cherished.
It’s not the most sophisticated strategy, but Cas has been an elusive bastard, and Dean doesn’t know what else to do. If Dean weren’t a mess of conflicting emotions, he might be impressed that Cas has managed to avoid him so thoroughly when they’re the only two people in the bunker, and neither of them have left since Sam went to see Eileen two days ago.
Dean bites his lip against a smile, in case he starts laughing again, but he easily sobers at the intense look in Cas’s eyes. ‘What?’
‘Sure is,’ Dean says as he pours coffee into two mugs, but concern wells up behind his ribs. He takes the mugs and two plates of breakfast over to where Cas is slumped at the table, nudging a mug and a plate over to Cas as he sits.
‘Yeah, well,’ Dean says, heart thudding, ‘so are you,’ and he pulls Cas into another kiss. It’s easier, with the air cleared between them, to fall into this. To relish the weight of Cas above him, the strength of him. To ignore the doubt niggling away and let himself touch and feel. He still can’t believe that this is happening, that something he’s wanted so long could be his.
The thing is, Dean really likes the kid. He’s goofy and awkward, and Dean’s gut tells him he’s a good kid. Even Cas seems to have softened toward him. And if Dean had a hand in raising Jack, then his future self must be all right. They clearly come out of this apocalypse mess on the other side, anyway.
Cas nods, his gaze full of unabashed lust, and Dean is certain it’s reflected in his own eyes. A frisson of desire runs through Dean as Cas reaches into the water to wrap his hand around Dean’s ankle. He slowly slides it up Dean’s calf until it’s tucked behind Dean’s knee.
To his credit, Cas doesn’t ask ‘what’, only holds Dean’s hand tighter. ‘It must be…overwhelming,’ he says.
Dean nods, eyes wide and earnest, and then his expression melts into something much more seductive and his voice is a low rumble when he says, ‘So long as you fuck me.’
‘Then what’s up? We’ve barely spoken since you got back. I thought, after… That we would—’ Dean swallows. He lets the unsaid words hang between them, not sure if he wants to speak them, or let them fade away. Cas’s expression is guarded but there’s curiosity in there, too. Maybe something hopeful.
, and Castiel was too damn blinded by his certainty that Dean could never feel the same to see something so obvious.
Dean coils the lights up in his arms and Cas plucks the photos from above his desk and the succulent from his nightstand and they head to Dean’s room in silence.
it, but if it’s what he thinks it is, he doesn’t want to know right now. So, he gives Dean a smile and says, ‘It’s good to be here with you,’ and finishes chopping, wondering if it’s the dread or the tiny spark of hope making his stomach churn.
There’s a ringing sound somewhere. At first, Dean thinks it’s a phone, then he realises it’s in his ears. He opens and closes his mouth. ‘What?’
Dean flips Sam the bird. He stomps down the hall, meaning to head for his room to change his pants, but ends up outside Cas’s door instead. He’s going to give Cas a piece of mind. You can’t just kiss a guy like that!
The words rumble in Cas’s chest, into Dean’s temple. ‘Yeah,’ Dean says, surprised at how true it is. It’s not like he thought being close to Cas would be
There are a few moments of confusing, terrifying silence, and then Cas is crossing the room and he’s standing in front of Dean. ‘You told Sam,’ he says.
He ignores the gnawing want in the pit of his stomach, the voice that asks why shouldn’t he want more, and says, ‘Dean?’ surprised at how steady his voice is.
Castiel nuzzles into Dean’s neck, breathing in the scent of him. ‘It’s OK, Dean. I feel fine.’ He looks up, into Dean’s dark, glittering eyes. ‘More than fine.’
Dean doesn’t answer right away. He can’t. The words cut deep, ricochet in his brain. Is it that easy, to stop carrying his regrets? Probably not, but he has to start somewhere, so he says, ‘Yeah, I guess I don’t, either,’ and even though he knows saying that won’t fix everything right away, he does feel lighter. He finds himself smiling and Cas smiles back.
There’s a song playing on an old radio Dean had dug up—it’s one that he’d put on the tape he made for Castiel and, usually, it would soothe Castiel, but tonight it only jangles against his nerves.
The pipes throb and shudder in the walls, bringing Dean back to the present, and then there is the soft slap of footsteps down the hall. Dean darts to his door, blood tingling in his veins. He presses his forehead to cool wood, hand curled tight around the doorknob. He’s waiting for the right moment so it seems like he’s just casually opened the door and run into Cas, and not like it’s planned.
Cas’s brow furrows. He looks at the jacket, caught in their clasped hands, back up to Dean. His eyes glitter and his voice is wrecked when he says, ‘I’m sorry.’
Dean cuts the engine, and Castiel gets out of the car, stretching his stiff limbs. He sucks in lungfuls of clean country air, crisp with the scent of foliage, and looks around. The trees surrounding the cabin are tall and beautiful and old, their age resonating in the air. It’s a faint hum at the back of Castiel’s mind, calling to him. He’s human, now, but there’s still a spark of something within him that lets him pick up on those things. He’s not sure if it makes the transition from divinity to humanity any easier.
There are things Dean wants. (People, places, feelings. Things he wants for the first time, things he wants in new ways.)
‘Whisky would be good,’ Castiel says. As much as he’d like Dean to drink less, the whisky might help calm his nerves. If nothing else, it will give him something to do with his hands, something that isn’t touching Dean.
Cas frowns, glancing at the water. As if in slow motion, he leans down, skimming his fingers over the surface of the water, leaving ripples in his wake. And then the water is clean again, the bubbles fresh and frothy.
Dean sucks in a breath and lets everything out in a rush: ‘Sometimes I feel like there isn’t a word to describe what you are to me.’ He glances at Cas, who has his mouth hanging open.
He would live in a cave if it meant being with Dean, but he can’t deny that he can breathe easier here. And it will be good for Dean, too. To live in a house where the sunlight can come in or where he can hear the rain against the window, even if it will take time to adjust to leaving the bunker.
Two fuck-ups cut from the same cloth, doing the best they can with the shitty hands they’ve been dealt.
‘Right.’ Dean rolls over, burying his face in the pillow. Moments later, Cas’s hands land on him, strong and warm, somehow seeking out every sore and tender spot with unerring accuracy. No one’s ever done this for Dean, either, not unless there was sex involved. And, sure, he wants that with Cas, wants everything, but there’s no expectation in Cas’s touch. Just the want to help, to repay Dean.
Dean gropes for the lamp, blinking against the light as he pushes himself up. The bottle of whisky in the top drawer of the nightstand is empty. He groans.
Dean waits until Cas is in the bathroom getting ready for bed to slip into his room. He wants to surprise him. Make a gesture. Show Cas that he’s serious and he’s not wasting any more time.
Dean chews his lip. ‘I guess I didn’t think you wanted to.’ It’s partly true, but he also hadn’t wanted to seem clingy or make it weird. ‘I mean, you never…’ he trails off, feeling like a dick.
That’s true, Castiel thinks. Maybe he got it wrong, the little spark of hope says. Maybe Dean isn’t letting him down, but the opposite. Or maybe it’s even worse, the doubt says. Maybe Dean doesn’t even want to be friends and… No. Castiel may have done and thought a lot of stupid things, but he can’t believe that. Not now. Still, he’s tired and confused, and all he can say is, ‘Then…why?’
It’s said so simply, and so earnestly, in the way only Cas can say something, that Dean’s breath hitches. ‘Uh, well, Sam was just checking in and saying hi. He’s staying with Eileen a bit longer.’
‘Dean,’ Cas breathes, but doesn’t say anything else. There’s this heartbreaking mix of joy and disbelief in his eyes that takes Dean’s breath away. And then a smile breaks over his face and he says, ‘Will you…’
‘Can I give you your present now?’ Jack asks as soon as Dean’s scooped the last mouthful of eggs into his mouth.
They’ve been together and known each other long enough that Dean barely hesitates in saying ’T’hy’la,’ but his face heats all the same.
The sink is cool beneath his palms and he runs the water, splashing his face. When he straightens up, it’s to see Cas in the mirror behind him. ‘I know we’re sharing pretty much everything, these days, but bathroom time’s still sacred.’
Sweat sucks his shirt to his back; the rabbit-fast beating of his heart leaves him queasy and he’s trembling all over.
‘Should I get your present, now,’ Jack says, ‘or wait until—’ He cuts himself off, casting a horrified look at Cas.
‘Thought you were gonna start avoiding me again,’ Dean says, before he can think better of it, then shoves the rest of the bacon in his mouth.
As they dissolve into fits of giggles, Dean realises how stupid it was to get so hung up about this. It’s
Having a really bad week, so I hope this chapter makes sense XD I managed to get this done, though, so huzzah for that, at least! Hopefully part three will be up same time, next week :)
‘This is a lot of blood for a routine hunt.’ Cas tips Dean’s head side to side as though he’s double-checking none of the blood is Dean’s.
He walks to the door where he pauses, turning back to Dean, hands folded behind his back. ‘Captain?’
. The first few nights, after Cas came back, Dean had slept like a baby. Now, though…it’s like all the trauma has caught up with him again. But— ‘It’s still better with you here,’ he says, eventually.
Dean presses a kiss to Castiel’s left thigh. Another to his right. His hands reach up, slipping under the waistband of Castiel’s briefs, fingertips trembling against Castiel’s heated skin.
Moonlight slants through a skylight, washing the loft in silver. Standing alone, Castiel wonders if maybe he is dreaming. If everything from hearing Dean shout until now has been woven by his subconscious. A cruel tease. And, in reality, he’s only lying next to Dean in the bed, their backs turned to each other.
Dean’s stomach swoops, and heat simmers in his blood. But it’s a physical reaction. His body is saying he could get on board, but his brain is another thing entirely. ‘I’m sure it does,’ he says, ‘but I’m not in the mood, right now.’
. And he looks like Cas. And something in Dean is screaming to help him, not hurt him. It’s confusing, and it makes no damn sense, but when Cas reaches out, Dean stops him.
, like when he keeps flinching, and Dean gets, it now. He knows that look. He saw it in the mirror often enough when his own old man—
The setting sun washes the parking lot in a candy haze; it catches in Cas’s eyes and the silver at his temples. Dean gives a half-hearted smile back, and they get into the car, but Dean doesn’t turn the ignition. He sits in the driver’s seat with his hands on the steering wheel, frowning.
.’ Dean crosses his arms. The splay of Cas’s long fingers on his thighs is both distracting and appealing. He clears his throat. ‘Just a little rusty. Maybe.’
‘You rushed off so quickly,’ the woman says, ‘so I left it with your husband for safekeeping,’ and Cas nods, thanking her for her kindness and honesty, which she waves off with a pleased smile.
‘To look after you.’ Dean presses, Cas’s spine pops. ‘I want to do it. It feels…good.’ His thumbs move in small circles, barely applying any pressure now. ‘Do you know what I mean?’
‘That, uh, you weren’t just proving a point.’ Dean licks his lips, realises he’s been staring at Cas’s mouth. He jerks back and adds, ‘But there’s nothing wrong with a guy giving a buddy some pointers.’ What? Yes, there is, unless you’re in the start of some cheesy porno, which actually wouldn’t be that— No.
‘It’s still true this morning.’ Castiel runs a hand down Dean’s side; Dean shivers, eyes fluttering. ‘So very beautiful.’
Dean easily loses himself in it, his hips pushing up, fucking into Cas’s touch. He reaches back, curling an arm around Cas’s neck, the other braced on Cas’s thigh. It’s electrifying, to be touched like this by Cas, but then Cas says, ‘You’re so beautiful,’ and everything in Dean goes still.
Dean doesn’t need to think anymore. He leans down and kisses Cas again. ‘Let’s just see where this goes,’ he says, pushing Cas back down to the bed when Cas nods.
memory: Cas’s determined stare and how Dean could tell Cas knew he would give in. Then he remembers Cas’s hands on him, Cas’s long fingers and gentle palms rubbing the lotion into Dean’s arms, over his chest through the opening in his shirt. Cas kneeling as he worked it into Dean’s calves, the tips of Cas’s fingers dancing beneath the hems of Dean’s pineapple print shorts, teasing up his thighs.
Something flickers over Dean’s face—too quick for Castiel to read—but he nods and moves back up until he’s face to face with Castiel. ‘Got any ideas?’
Castiel rolls his eyes but, seeing how tired Dean looks, says, ‘I’ll do it, you sit down and rest,’ nodding to the leather armchair in the corner.
‘I was kinda hoping you’d move into my room with me. Or vice versa, if you really like yours. But if you feel weird about it—’
if you’re into reblogging those things (I've got a new one for this chapter) thanks in advance to anyone who checks it out :)
Dean fights back a groan—he doesn’t get movies where people break into song for no good reason—but he’s already been an asshole once, tonight. And Cas looks easier than he did in the kitchen, and if Cas says it’s an important part of the culture then, what the hell. Dean can deal with it.
Dean nods and grabs Castiel’s hand, pressing a kiss to his palm, before shuffling over to the bed. The mattress is still bare, and he drops his head back and groans. ‘Knew we shoulda made up the bed first.’
‘Yes,’ Jack says, too quick, ‘breakfast! Sam and Eileen are making it.’ He pushes himself off the bed, saying, ‘We should go eat it,’ and strides out of the room.
‘I don’t mind.’ Castiel runs his hands up Dean’s thighs, settles them on Dean’s hips. ‘Whatever you’re comfortable with.’
Dean turns, but with no other light, Castiel can’t see his face. He seems surprised, though, like he hadn’t heard Castiel all but fall down the stairs. ‘Shit,’ he says, ‘didn’t mean to wake you.’
Dean gives him a little salute and settles in at the table. He jiggles his knee until Cas rests a hand on it. The look he gives Dean is too knowing and Dean lets out a breath. He’s just not used to people doing things like this for him. But soon they’re all sitting at the table, eating his birthday breakfast, and Dean can forget the niggling doubt that he’s not deserving of this as he shovels bacon and eggs into his mouth.
— Dean sighs and runs a hand over his face. Jack had chosen it because rainbows are pretty, and Cas had agreed; Sam and Eileen didn’t care. So, Dean had merely grumbled under his breath, ignoring the warmth in his cheeks as the giant rainbow umbrella stuck out of their cart like a blinking neon sign.
Light spills out from where his bedroom door is cracked open; he pushes it open fully and steps inside.
After, they slump together, forehead to forehead, chests heaving. Dean’s thighs and knees ache, and there’s an uncomfortable sheen of sweat coating his skin, but he wants to stay like this as long as he can.
Dean gives a quick nod, chews his lip. He seems to steel himself, but then the distant rumble of thunder rises to a crescendo.
‘Dean—’ Castiel sighs. He knows Dean isn’t going to back down and he rolls his eyes. ‘Well, the view by the lake was nice. I’d like to go back there.’
‘I think you might be right,’ Castiel says, heartened by how Dean’s lips twitch. The rain is cool on his face, and he opens his mouth to catch the drops on his tongue, but Dean tugs on his sleeve, pulling him back the way they came. ‘It’s only rain,’ Castiel says, even as he trudges after Dean.
When Dean feels his eyes prickle, he finally starts tearing into the wrapping. It takes a little force to get it open, but he manages it, the crinkled plaid paper making way to reveal a tooled leather wallet. Dean turns it over in his hands, running his fingers along the grooves and the raised lines that form a cowboy riding a bronco, arm raised, hat in hand.
He can perform ‘parlour tricks’, heal small nicks and cuts, hear prayers and sense emotions in their broadest sense. He is still stronger than a human, but he can no longer lay waste to their foes with the touch of his palm. He still has his wings, but they are as useless as they have been for years.
‘Don’t know.’ Dean tips his head back against the tub behind him; they’d dug it out of storage and set it up in the bathroom recently, but Dean hasn’t had the chance to test it out yet. ‘Too tired, I guess.’
‘No. You don’t need to be, OK? I should have—’ Dean lets out a long breath. ‘I should have told you.’
The cloth moves over his back in broad, slow strokes, lighting him up and easing him down, keeping him suspended between arousal and relaxation. A tremor runs through him, settling as a quivering feeling in his belly. He draws his knees up, resting his forehead on them, and wraps his arms around his shins.
‘Okay.’ A little laugh bursts out of Dean, and he shakes his head. Before Castiel can say anything, Dean leans down and kisses him, taking his face in his hands. ‘Okay,’ he repeats and raises his hips.
The reminder, when it comes, is almost a relief. Fists and righteous fury because Dean let Cas down. Cas had faith in him. Cas fought for him, died for him, did it
‘Probably just tired,’ Dean hedges. But then he looks at Cas and his breath leaves him in one long rush. Standing seems too hard, right now, and he sits heavily on his bed.
‘It’s OK.’ Jack sighs. ‘I am, too. I didn’t mean to do that to the room! And I know you thought I wanted to hurt you, but I wouldn’t. And I didn’t mean to travel back in time in the first place.’ His shoulders sag. ‘I mess everything up.’
‘You don’t have to—‘ Sam starts, but Cas recounts his date, starting with pulling her chair out and ending with the good night kiss.
Before Cas can move again, Dean curls his hand around his bicep, holding him in place. ‘Mm, I like this present,’ he says, and kisses Cas again.
Dean huffs and gives a half-hearted smile that Castiel can’t read, then claps his hands. ‘Right. Wanna scope out the area?’
‘Bricks are digging into my back,’ Dean says, pushing himself away from the fireplace, further into Castiel’s arms.
The only difference, today, is Cas spends more of the day by his side than usual, which Dean is definitely not complaining about. Cas suggests they clear out some old filing cabinets, making short work of it, and after lunch, they manage to sneak away for some afternoon delight, which is as much Cas’s idea as it is Dean’s. It leads to another shower, where they go for round two, their skin slick beneath the warm spray of water.
Dean drops the string and turns, nearly losing his footing. ‘Caught red-handed, huh?’ He wipes his hands on his sweats and hops off the bed.
There’s a pretty flush crawling up Dean’s chest, and his bottom lip is sucked between his teeth, and he’s so hot and tight around Castiel. It’s so good. Castiel’s hips twitch, and his breaths are short, and then Dean shifts his hips and Castiel is all the way inside him. It punches the breath from Castiel’s lungs, and he has to hold on tight to Dean’s hips, fingers sinking in.
Heat creeps up Dean’s neck, but there’s something heady in being able to fluster an angel of the lord. Or, at least, being able to fluster Cas in particular. Even if it means taking his pants off in front of him. Fuck it. Dean sheds his jeans and underwear, trying not to think about Cas standing a few feet away, and clambers into the bath.
Dean may as well be naked already for all that look burns through him. And, yeah, maybe he should have thought this through, should have quashed that small, childish part of him with its stupid
—Cas doesn’t have to touch him to heal him, and when he does, he usually presses two fingers to Dean’s skin. But this is the full breadth of Cas’s palm, long fingers curling around his ribs, his thumb brushing a little too close to his nipple.
Dean smiles into Cas’s hand and kisses the heel of his palm, then his wrist, but Cas pulls away before he can go further. ‘Hey.’
going on a second date with the evil-eyed waitress. (…okay, she was nice, and cute, and sweet, but she was not right for Cas. Clearly. If she was, she’d have seen how awesome and hot and dateable Cas is. Or…something.)
‘Hey!’ Dean pokes his finger into Cas’s ribs and glances up at him. ‘You’re human now, too, you know.’ A moment later, he regrets his words, but if the reminder stings Cas, he doesn’t show it. And it was Cas’s choice, after all.
‘I don’t know, man.’ Dean runs a hand over his face. ‘It doesn’t seem important. Not anymore. I don’t need paper or a ceremony to feel…committed to you, or whatever.’
‘I would save you a million times over,’ Dean says, ‘whether you ever saved me or not.’ He cups a hand around Castiel’s jaw. ‘Do you get that?’
‘No, it’s…’ Hope and doubt still war within Castiel, but it’s the doubt that speaks when he says, ‘I never expected you to feel the same way, Dean. So, if you brought me out here to soften the blow, it’s okay. We can still be friends. Nothing has to change.’
But when their noses bump together too hard, doubt niggles away at Dean again. He jerks back, grateful he doesn’t overbalance and fall flat on his ass. That’s all he needs.
. Did future-Dean knock up an angel? A dude angel? Could he even… Oh, god. What if it was it the other way—
So, Castiel adds more lube and slides his finger in all the way and when Dean asks for more, he adds another. He crooks them, and Dean lets out a wet gasp, rocking his hips down. It’s the most arousing thing Castiel has ever seen, so he crooks his fingers again, and again.
‘I don’t know why I need so many clothes,’ Cas says, but lets Dean steer him toward the pants and shoes.
Dean coughs against the flutter in his chest and says, ‘Home it is,’ sliding into his seat and turning the ignition.
It rings a bell. Dean’s read about them, during one of his many apocalypse study sessions, but he’s not sure enough of what it is to know what kind of threat it poses. ‘That’s an angel thing, right?’
‘I—’ Castiel had been thinking of it, in some formless way. But he doesn’t want to take too much from Dean, so he says, ‘Only if you want that.’
Castiel flushes. Yet another sign he’s more on the human side of things, now. ‘They’ve been…damaged for a while. But they’re worse at the moment,’ he admits reluctantly.
‘Yeah. He’s been bugging me for days to man up and tell you, figured I’d save myself another lecture, so I text him after…you know.’ Dean huffs. ‘Well, not right after. But, yeah, Sam knows.’
meant to end differently but I had to split it up for pacing so, um, sorry Dean is still...not saying exactly what he wants :S (I also realised after I posted this he doesn't have a closet in his room...oops!)
‘I don’t…’ Something in Cas softens as he glances at Dean, catching his eye. ‘I can’t seem to stand having the lights off.’ He takes in a deep shuddering breath and adds, ‘The dark is too…consuming.’
Dean mutely shakes his head, then realises he’s been staring at the presents in his lap for far too long and picks one up. ‘Nah, it’s fine. Anyway, gotta keep ‘em from escaping, right?’ It’s not even a remotely good joke, but he’s at a loss, right now. Cas bought him presents and he wrapped them and—
‘Okay.’ Dean leans back; he’s jiggling his knee, and it brushes achingly against Castiel’s with every bounce.
Dean lifts one shoulder. He chews the corner of his lip and nods; his eyes are glittering, and as he blinks, a tear rolls down his cheek.
Cas’s eyes narrow and Dean huffs, saying, ‘C’mere,’ reaching out to tug Cas until they’re sitting side by side.
‘The handprint.’ Dean swallows and drops his hand. ‘I mean, it wasn’t there after you healed me at Stull, so I figured you did the whole shebang, but I didn’t know why.’
Maybe he’s asking too much, but if he is, Dean doesn’t say so. He only pushes back into Castiel’s touch and says, ‘You saying you wanna fuck me?’
Sam’s present is next: a pair of boxer briefs and some socks. It’s a joke, mostly, a nod to the dismal presents of their past. But when Dean looks up and catches Sam’s eye, he knows it’s sentimental, too. That Sam is saying things might have changed—for the better, so much for the better—but they’re still them in the ways that matter most.
. But Castiel doesn’t press. He would have, before. Made Dean tell him what was wrong. But tonight, he only wants to be here by Dean’s side, bask in his company as much as he can before it inevitably comes crumbling down.
. But he hasn’t been given the chance to say a damn thing, because since Cas came back he’s been avoiding Dean.
But when a voice calls out, it’s not Sam, but Cas, saying, ‘Dean?’ all concern beneath the gruffness.
And Jack, who is enrolled at the local community college, is probably curled up with some textbooks and Felix 2.0. Dean had been worried the snake would be a painful reminder, but somehow it ended up the opposite. He’s still glad Jack keeps the thing in his room, though.
They pick up the last few things they need and head to the checkout. They’re in line, waiting behind a large family with an overflowing cart, and an old man with a jar of pickles and a bottle of tabasco sauce, when Cas says, ‘
Dean sighs and says, ‘Yeah, come on,’ and leads the way back to his party, making a mental note to dig out his Douglas Adams omnibus later.
There’s something special in being seen by Cas. In being loved by him. Dean’s holding on tight to it, holding on tight to Cas.
Dean smiles, embers of arousal kindling low in his gut. ‘Yeah,’ he says, ‘we do,’ and lets Cas pull him onto the bed.
Dean smiles again, tongue between his teeth. All flirtation and barely concealed lust. ‘Fast mover, huh?’
Affection blooms in Castiel’s chest, and he smiles softly. ‘OK,’ he says and stoops to bundle up the sheet in his arms, handing a corner over to Dean.
It’s slower and deeper, this time. Castiel backs Dean further against the fireplace, pressing the lengths of their bodies together. He could do this forever. But Dean flinches in his hold and breaks the kiss.
‘Yes, I’m sure.’ But even as Cas says this, he pushes at Dean’s shoulders, sitting up, leaving Dean kneeling between his legs. ‘Do
It’s the first time they’ve been alone since then, and Castiel knows they’ll have to talk about it sooner or later. Part of him is hoping it’s later.
‘I’m not.’ Sam shakes his head, then he smiles and says, ‘Happy birthday, man,’ wrapping Dean in a one-armed hug. He shoves Dean away, waving his spatula. ‘Now go sit down while we finish.’
‘Were you?’ Cas levels him with this intense look that makes Dean have to fight the urge to squirm and leaves him breathless.
That little crooked smile appears, and Cas starts on the buttons of his shirt, revealing inch after inch of toned muscle and lightly tanned skin. ‘Are you getting a good look?’ he asks.
The bacon is crispy, the eggs fluffy, and the coffee black and bitter. Castiel savours every sip and bite, even as he’s distracted by the way Dean’s foot keeps brushing his ankle beneath the table, and how Dean keeps finding excuses to touch him. But Castiel does his fair share of touching Dean, too, and it takes them three times as long as usual to finish their food.
Dean’s brows raise. He crosses his arms over his chest. It’s only now that he notices the scents of cooking wafting around Sam and into the hallway. ‘Why not?’
? Through the tightness in his chest, Dean manages to say, ‘No, it wasn’t Charlie. Just…’ He exhales, slow. ‘Movie hit a bit close to home, you know?’ He glances at Cas sidelong.
‘Because I said so.’ Dean plants his hands on Cas’s shoulders, crowding him back toward the bed, until Cas’s knees hit the mattress and he goes down with an indignant ‘oof’ and roll of his eyes.
Dean downs the rest of his whisky, standing and turning away. His shoulders are a tense line, even as he looks back at Castiel and says, ‘You coming?’
It takes a moment for the words to sink in, but when they do Castiel reluctantly moves back and lifts his shirt over his head, throwing it off to the side. Pride wells up within him at the hungry look in Dean’s eyes as they rake over Castiel’s chest, his arms, his stomach.
It turns out to be a pocket knife because Dean lost his on their last—as in final—hunt. And then there’s another long, rectangular package. Dean makes a show of lifting it to his ear and shaking it—‘Hm, doesn’t sound like a pony’—before Cas tries to take it from him and open it himself.
He waits, and waits, but Cas doesn’t come and Dean spends the small hours staring at his ceiling, headphones snug around his head, blasting his favourite tunes. But even Zeppelin can’t chase away the what-ifs still running through his mind.
I really struggled with this chapter - actually, I’ve been struggling to do anything creative at all lately - and I’m a bit rusty with the smut writing, which is why this is later than I hoped! XD but I finished it so huzzah for that :)
‘Hello, Dean.’ Cas’s eyes crinkle at the corners. He leans toward Dean and says, ‘Are you having a good time?’
Cas steps forward, raising a tentative hand to Dean’s face. He gently brushes his thumb over Dean’s cheek and says, ‘You don’t have to say anything else.’
Cas squints, head tilted, then moves around Dean and by the time Dean can make himself move, Cas has settled into one of the recliners, hands folded on his knees. ‘What movie are we watching?’ he asks.
Castiel lies down, letting his eyes drift shut, but it’s only moments before they open at the sound of something scraping across the polished floorboards. He opens his eyes to find Dean dragging the armchair into the opposite corner. Castiel groans and flops back onto the bed, but leaves Dean to it. Obstinate, infuriating man. He smiles and pulls Dean close when he rests beside Castiel again.
Dean doesn’t ask if Cas meant it. He doesn’t have to. But he has to answer, and it’s easier to say, ‘I just wanted to say…me too,’ than he ever thought it would be.
He closes his fist around the grip, just to have something in his hand, slowly standing and turning on the spot. There’s a kid standing between the two beds, hand raised in an awkward wave, a small smile on his face. He looks harmless, but that doesn’t count for much.
‘Thanks for getting us lunch, Sam’—Sam pitches Dean’s sandwich at him—‘Oh, that’s fine, it wasn’t any trouble at all.’
‘We could watch a movie, tonight, or something.’ Dean doesn’t stand, only turns his head to look at Cas. ‘If you want.’
Dean gives a small, half-hearted smile, says, ‘No problem,’ then heads down the hall to his room, whisky forgotten.
It’s Cas’s. Because Cas gave Dean a back rub, and Dean gave him one. Dean groans. He was acting like a freaking teenager, desperate to get his hands on his crush any way he could. Another stalling tactic, instead of manning up and telling Cas what he’s been meaning to for days.
It hits Castiel that it isn’t that different from reality. The bunker may not be as cosy as the cabin, but it’s the only home Castiel has known. And his family is there. And Dean may not want Castiel the way Castiel wants him, but they
. Oh, he can guess, and mostly he lands on three words he said to Dean that saved him and changed things irrevocably between them. For good, or bad, remains to be seen.
Castiel rolls his eyes. There is a strange, squirming feeling in his chest as Dean’s gaze roams the span of his wings. It’s never felt so uncomfortable to have Dean look at him before. If he were naked it would feel less exposing. ‘Did you want something?’
Dean doesn’t answer, just runs his hands down the length of Cas’s back, digging his thumbs into the base of his spine. The soft, small sound Cas lets out is equal parts pleasure and surprise. It curls, warm and low, within Dean; it occurs to him that no one else has touched Cas like this. That it’s unlikely anyone has ever touched him with tenderness and care at all. A pang of guilt shoots through him, tangling with the honeyed warmth suffusing him.
Dean can tell Cas is holding back, so he tries to catch Cas’s eye, but it doesn’t work like it usually does. It casts Dean adrift and he hates it because Cas is always an anchor for him. ‘You sure that’s all it is?’
Footsteps sound behind Dean, harried and growing closer by the second. Dean quit hunting over a year ago, but old instincts die hard, and he’s on alert before he has time to drop the bag of pork rinds he was inspecting into the shopping cart.
A word that’s big enough for what Cas means to him. Dean’s eyes flick to the screen, entranced as Spock enters V’ger’s mind. As a kid, it was Dean’s least favourite Trek film, too slow and pensive, but there’s something appealing about it, now. His mind wanders to the beat-up novelisation he has sitting on his nightstand, and that’s when it hits him, in all its nerd glory.
‘I’m kinda getting that.’ Dean huffs. ‘But, hey, don’t beat yourself up too much. I didn’t know how you felt, either.’ He chews his lip. He still feels all churned up inside, not relieved like he’d thought he would. A beat of silence passes, and then another, before Dean says, ‘You know, I figured you’d be happier,’ not quite looking at Cas.
‘Oh.’ Cas is standing there in a pair of black sweats and a worn-out faded t-shirt, hands hanging limply by his sides. A ripple of affection runs through Dean when he realises it’s one of his old t-shirts. ‘Do you need them?’ Cas asks.
So, that leaves Dean with too much time to overthink it all and keep talking himself out of it. Would it be easy to just say it? Right now? He opens his mouth, but ends up asking, ‘Wanna put some music on?’
‘Yeah, recliners will do that.’ Dean’s own back twinges in sympathy. He tries to concentrate on that, and not how Cas’s mysteriously acquired sweatshirt has ridden up, or, shit, the outline of his dick through the pants. Jesus. Is he even wearing underwear?
They come to a clearing, which opens onto an expansive lake. Despite the dark clouds above, the still surface of the water glitters. It’s beautiful.
Maybe another time Dean would let himself feel ashamed, maybe he’d look away. But he’s tired, and he doesn’t care, and he wants to look. And Cas doesn’t seem bothered by him looking. In fact, he looks almost smug, preening under Dean’s appreciative gaze.
It’s not until the last morning that it breaks. Castiel rolls his hips leisurely, pressing a kiss to Dean’s shoulder, hand curled over Dean’s cock.
Cas raises his brows. Dean knows he sounds like a child but, damn it, this isn’t exactly the reaction he’d been expecting, and now he’s all turned around and wrong-footed. ‘Dean,’ Cas says.
He raises his hand to Jack’s forehead but then Sam says, ‘Wait!’ and Cas drops his arm to his side. ‘What?’
‘I’ll come with you.’ Cas tilts to his feet, dusting down his shorts, which are the same Hawaiian pineapple print as Dean’s, but with a sky blue background. ‘I’d like to stretch my legs.’ He looks down at Jack and says, ‘Are you coming?’
the bad guys are defeated. It’s a…’ Jack trails off, then flashes a bright smile when he finally finds the words he’s after: ‘A happily ever after castle.’
Dean tugs again, unclasping his hand from the jacket and sliding it around Cas’s waist. Pulling their bodies flush together, still only half an embrace because Dean’s other hand is twisted in Cas’s sweatshirt.
So, Castiel shakes the fantasy off and says, ‘Thank you,’ and when Dean frowns at him, hastily adds, ‘For the pants.’
Castiel brushes it away with the pad of his thumb. His own eyes prick, and his throat feels tight, and his chest feels full to bursting with love and joy. He kisses Dean for fear it will all come spilling out of him otherwise. He pulls back slowly, savouring the kiss, and says, ‘Will you do something for me?’
. But they’re like strangers these days.Cas has faith again. (In something, someone, that’s not Dean.) Cas was lost, now he’s found. It’s a kick in the guts because Dean never realised Cas was lost. Don’t they have each other? Dean, Cas, Sam. They’re a family. They’re home.But Cas is slipping away, out of Dean’s grasp, and he can only try to hold on.—Cas is home.
‘Yes. It’s very beautiful out here.’ Castiel turns to find Dean looking at him. His pulse skips, and he has the urge to reach out and take Dean’s hand in his own. He pushes it away. ‘I’m surprised you wanted to come, though.’
‘Might wanna work on your pillow talk.’ Dean finally clambers off of Cas. There’s a towel crumpled on the floor by the bed, so Dean picks it up to clean himself off. He’s going to have to break Cas out of the habit of leaving damp towels on the floor but, for now, he silently passes it over.
It’s not until the day has worn away, evening settling in, that anything more comes of Dean’s suspicions. He’s making his way to the kitchen, yelling out, ‘I’ll start dinner,’ with Cas frantic two steps behind him and Sam blocking the doorway.
‘Cas.’ Dean’s fingers curl tight around Castiel’s, white-knuckled. ‘We, uh… We’ve been through a lot, huh?’
‘I guess not…’ Dean thinks about it. Every moment he’s been with Cas over the past twelve years. The pain, the joy, the fun. ‘No, no I don’t,’ he says, ‘but what about when we weren’t together? All the time we spent apart because we— I was stubborn or—’
Dean catches Cas’s eye across the shimmer of heat wafting up from the candles and knows he doesn’t need to make a wish as he blows each and every candle out. Everyone claps and cheers and then slices of cake are passed around.
It takes every ounce of willpower Dean has not to launch himself across the tub, but— ‘If I come over there, we’re only gonna have the same problem the other way around.’
‘Yeah yeah,’ Claire says, ‘I know it’s your birthday, but don’t get all sentimental on me.’ She pulls away, but her eyes are a little glassy, and she’s smiling up at Dean all fond. She clears her throat and thrusts the gift bag at him. ‘Happy birthday.’
to tell Cas the things he’s been holding back for so long. Dean had barely had time to breathe between defeating Chuck and feeling like he was drowning on dry land before Jack brought Cas back and then Dean was buoyed by a feeling he’s never felt before. The feeling that something he wants so much it hurts is within his grasp. Right there, waiting for him to reach out and take it.
Dean blinks, heat rushing to his face. All the possibilities of Cas helping Dean take a bath swarm around his brain, and it’s a miracle he manages to sound normal when he says, ‘I was kidding.’
Silence rises up, filling Dean’s lungs like the steam from the water. ‘Nothing’s wrong, I just…’ He sucks in a shuddering breath and finally looks up. The concern in Cas’s gaze hits him hard, and irritation flickers in his chest. If Cas is so damn worried, maybe he shouldn’t flit off all the time. ‘Nothing’s wrong,’ Dean says, squaring his jaw.
As if on cue, Dean slips into the room, his presence tingling down Castiel’s spine. Castiel turns to him and frowns. He looks tired.
‘Aw, gee, Cas. Not getting sappy on me, are you?’ Despite his words, Dean is smiling and there’s a pleased flush in his cheeks.
A tingling feeling grows in Castiel’s stomach as he watches Dean lift himself, guiding Castiel’s cock between his legs. Castiel steadies Dean with a hand to his hip, mouth dry as Dean sinks slowly down.
It’s not what Dean was expecting. He was thinking something along the lines of a favourite movie, not this. He looks at Cas, and Cas looks like the world is collapsing around him.
That’s if Cas even wanted to, and, okay, Dean might be stubbornly oblivious, and uncertain for the longest time besides, but he can’t deny the meaning in the way Cas is looking at him.
‘Good,’ Cas says, turning to face Dean. ‘Because I think I could spend hours bringing you pleasure and it wouldn’t be enough.’
But Dean only scuffs his boot on the ground and says, ‘Right,’ face pulled into an expression that might be disturbed, or pleased.
Dean lets out a long breath. It’s only an umbrella. And it’s not wrong, anyway. His gaze drops from the dazzling line of the horizon to where his arms rest over his knees. They’re a little pink, despite the sunscreen Cas had insisted on before he’d let Dean leave their motel room. Dean had protested—‘We’re not even outside yet!’ ‘Sunscreen doesn’t work immediately, Dean, you have to do it before you go outside’—and then let Cas slather it all over him.
Dean reaches out, brushing his knuckle along the dark smudge under Cas’s eye. ‘Well, you look like shit.’
Castiel looks at the potatoes and sighs. This is the best compromise he’ll likely get, and short of tying Dean to a chair, he can’t force Dean to relax while he makes dinner. So he says, ‘Deal,’ and starts peeling.
It’s Cas’s turn to blush, and, yeah, that’s a good look on him. ‘It was the other way around. I didn’t think it would be fair to her to go on a second date.’
Dean rolls his eyes, shoving half the string at Cas. Between them, they make short work of stringing the lights above Cas’s bed; Dean turns them on when they’re done, then flips off the lamps. The room is bathed in blue and green and red, making Dean think of neon signs shining through motel room windows. It’s homey. Nice.
The rest of the day goes on as their days have been lately, since they decided to retire from active hunts and sort the bunker out for something closer to its original purpose again. The routine of it all niggles at Dean because he could’ve sworn that the four of them were up to something more than a round of presents and breakfast. Not that he wants, or expects more, but his instincts were screaming that something bigger was on the horizon.
But, then, Cas pulls away, taking his empty mug and plate to the sink, and Dean is left with a shock of cold like he’s been doused in ice-water.
Hope always bites Dean in the ass, so he should’ve seen this coming when Cas comes back to them. (To him.)
He doesn’t remember the last time he even took a bath. Or the last time he let someone else do something like this for him. There’s no one but Cas he’d let do this, and that’s not the revelation it might have been once upon a time.
And then there’s warmth at his side and Cas saying, ‘Are you OK?’ soft and low, and Dean can’t take it.
‘Very.’ Castiel runs his hands up and down Dean’s back, tracing the breadth of his shoulders, down to the base of his spine. Teasing along the waistband of his pants. The way Dean leans into the touch emboldens Castiel, and he sinks his hands into the back of Dean’s pyjama pants, palming the curves of his backside.
He looks at Sam, who is paused in the middle of the kitchen, looking like he was trying to escape and got frozen in the attempt.
‘Guess not,’ Dean says, eyes all soft and practically twinkling. ‘But, yeah, we can have sex. If that’s what you want.’
There’s a beat of heavy silence before Cas answers, ‘Because you knew I wanted you to,’ voice careful and guarded.
‘Besides, I ain’t the only one of us with sleeping problems.’ Dean looks at Cas, but Cas ducks his gaze to where his hands are folded in his lap.
‘Dean.’ Cas looks at him, then, his eyes wide and almost mournful, something desperate in them, even as he sounds like he’s throwing Dean a bone when he says, ‘You can stay.’
A shiver cuts through Dean as Cas runs his knuckles down the side of his face. ‘You’re very beautiful,’ Cas says, voice barely above a whisper.
Dean is making breakfast when Cas shuffles into the kitchen. All bleary-eyed, hair sticking up everywhere, pyjama sleeves wilting over his wrists. It’s kind of adorable, the kind of thing Dean could get used to each morning, and Dean is okay with thinking that. It’s a thought he would have pushed away once, both as too much and something out of reach, but maybe now...
It’s barely been a week since they first made love, but Castiel already knows all the signs to tell that Dean is on the brink of orgasm. So, he tightens his hand, speeds up his thrusts, and it’s not long before Dean spills over his fist.
But then Cas walks out of the bathroom without a word, and Dean’s stomach lurches, and he realises how much he wanted it.
Wordlessly, he moves behind Dean, warm at his shoulders, and reaches around to cup Dean’s chin with one hand. His hand cradles Dean’s jaw as he gently pulls, urging Dean to tip his head back.
It’s just the two of them tonight. Sam and Eileen are working a job in Wichita. Well, they’re tracking down some lore books that, somehow, the Men of Letters didn’t have, because that’s what they do now. Track down books and lore for other people’s hunts because they’ve turned the bunker into a hunter hub.
And it’s surprising that Dean seems to have no issue with sharing a bed for all his protests of personal space over the years (which dwindled as did the space between them). Still, maybe Dean is only being polite. Even from above, Castiel can see the tense set of his jaw.
‘Oh,’ he says, barely registering her words as the spike of adrenaline in his blood recedes, ‘thanks,’ and takes the wallet from her. He’s not sure if he should offer her a reward or something, but before he can, Cas, who had gone off to search for Sam’s muesli, reappears. (Empty-handed).
‘No,’ Castiel says, ‘no,’ and he steps forward. Closer, but not close enough. He doesn’t know why, but he can’t bridge that distance.
‘You don’t have to thank me.’ Dean stares at him with unabashed affection for long moments until colour rises to his cheeks, and he finally shoves at Castiel’s shoulder, saying, ‘Now, turn back around and let me play with your feathers.’
Castiel nods and follows Dean. They ready themselves for bed, squished together in the cramped bathroom, a parody of everything Castiel has longed for, but is just out of his grasp, then head upstairs.
They collect more shells and seaweed and then take them back to Jack to trim the castle. (Dean reapplies sunscreen under Cas’s watchful eye). Jack has just proudly stuck a twig with a piece of seaweed tied onto it in one of the turrets when a shadow falls over them.
They move together, Dean rolling his hips up, matching each of Castiel’s thrusts; Dean’s head falls back against the pillow, exposing the long line of his neck.
Cas pours way too much in, bubbles frothing up and threatening to spill onto the floor. He looks somewhere between amused and awed, like it’s the first time he’s seen a bubble bath. It probably is. Dean’s heart overflows with affection and fondness, and he knows he probably has some goofy look on his face, but he can’t bring himself to care.
‘But you— You said—’ Cas narrows his eyes, then grinds out, ‘I’m sorry,’ turning on his heel and sweeping away, his trench coat flapping indignantly.
‘I won’t do it again,’ Jack says. ‘Unless…it’s OK? There are some historical events I wouldn’t mind seeing.’
Deans swallows thickly and looks away. His eyes feel hot and damp and his throat is tight and his chest feels full to bursting. He loops the bracelet around his wrist, the metal cool against his pulse, and does the clasp up. He likes the weight of it on his wrist and the thought of Cas’s words pressing against his skin.
‘Don’t blame her.’ Dean bites his lip, still feeling a little dazed. It clears, though, and Cas’s words sink in. ‘Wait, but I thought… You said you needed pointers?’
(What is it with Cas and waitresses, anyway? And, okay, maybe Dean had been the one to encourage it in the first place, but he hadn’t thought anything would happen. Nothing usually does. But this time, Cas had accepted, and Dean had been left with a hollow feeling in his gut that even the best cherry pie in the state couldn’t fill.)
‘So, come on, spill the details’—Dean leans his elbows on the kitchen counter, pushing down the gnawing in his stomach—’then we can give you some pointers about where you went wrong.’
Cas doesn’t answer, just gets in the car. In the morning, Dean will take Cas to work, make sure he stays out. Stays safe.
ETA: I deleted part of my original note because I think I confused everyone by mentioning this started life as a one shot (but this chapter was not the one shot I was aiming to write, I just ended up expanding part of that and including some other ideas) but do not fear, this is definitely not a one shot! I’d feel too cruel leaving it here 😂 (plus I have some things I’m really looking forward to writing)
‘Uh, yeah.’ Dean closes the door behind him and moves over to the foot of the bed. ‘I wanted to talk. About…you know.’
at me.’ Weariness and irritation pull at Castiel, but he’s curious, too, so he crosses his arms and says, ‘Why did you kick it?’
‘Later,’ Cas repeats, more firmly. He gently scrapes his teeth over Dean’s jaw, smooths his hands down Dean’s chest. ‘Just relax, for a while.’
Dean is stroking his hair, whispering, ‘I’ve got you,’ over and over, his voice and touch soothing as Castiel comes down from his orgasm.
‘I know.’ Cas’s eyes sparkle. He rests a hand on Dean’s knee, squeezing gently. ‘It doesn’t matter what you call me.’
Hearing Cas say that makes Dean’s head swim with lust and anticipation. ‘Yeah, that’s what I meant.’
He ignores the feeling in the pit of his stomach telling him that nothing will ever be normal between them again, whether or not Dean ever mans up and
There’s a hint of smugness in Cas’s expression but it softens as the moments pass, melting into something so familiar Dean has no idea how he ever thought Cas couldn’t love him. Dean’s breath hitches and his chest tightens. Could they have had this all along, or would there always have been some other excuse?
It doesn’t explain why Cas has been avoiding him, though. He ignores the pitching in his stomach and how his chest feels a little too tight, focussing instead on the problem at hand. ‘But you’re still not sleeping with them?’
Dean huffs. He loves the kid, to the moon and back, but, damn, he’s weird sometimes. Just like his dad. His
Even in his most secret, desperate dreams he never imagined it feeling like this. A liquid warmth suffuses him, starting in his core and spreading out until he would fear falling into a blissed-out trance if he weren’t so wary of making Dean uncomfortable.
Castiel is suspended in the hazy place between sleep and awake when a shout startles him. He’s up and tumbling out of bed before he can form a thought beyond
Dean’s lips quirk and he hangs up without saying goodbye. He gives himself a moment, then turns back to Cas. ‘OK, show me what you picked out.’
Anyway, just inflicting my eclectic taste in movies on them at the end of the day :P (Dean made it about 6 minutes into
Castiel is somewhere in between these days. Enough spark of grace that he can’t reasonably think of himself as human, but not enough to be a fully powered angel.
Maybe Castiel has gone too far with the teasing, prodded a sore spot he hadn’t realised was sore. ‘No, you don’t.’
There are streamers everywhere and a mix of themed decorations: cowboys and Scooby-Doo and, inexplicably, dinosaurs. A sheen of glitter coats everything, and Dean remembers a few nights ago when Cas came to bed covered in glitter. It looks, well, like a kid’s party.
‘Yeah?’ Dean glances down, but the bubbles obscure Cas below the waist. Dean is hard, though, not quite aching with it, but it’s been simmering since Cas said he’d help Dean with the bath and is now a pleasant burn engulfing him.
The bathroom door creaks open and light cuts through the darkness. Dean has his head in his hands, but the swathe of pallid light creeps across the tiles, into his field of vision, stopping at the toes of his boots. There’s a shadow, too, distorted by the angle, so Dean can’t quite make it out.
‘Well, yeah, but… It’s us, Cas. We’ve beat a lot against worse odds. Don’t you think we can make it work?’ It’s more than a question. It’s a plea.
‘Dean,’ Castiel adds, with a dark look, ‘I could spend an eternity by your side and I wouldn’t get sick of you,’ then regrets having said so much.
And it doesn’t freak him out. Doesn’t make him want to turn tail, or push it down down down. It feels
‘Guess so,’ Dean says, voice hoarse. His hands twitch at his sides before he crosses his arms. ‘Can I help? Or is it, you know, private?’
They don’t last long—Cas was at least as wound up as Dean was and it’s a miracle they didn’t both come at the first touch. As it is, Dean comes first, his broken moan swallowed by Cas’s kiss. Cas follows moments later, his hand tightening on Dean’s oversensitive dick, the other gripping his ass tight.
. And then Cas rolls them over, pinning Dean’s hands either side of his head, and their laughs subside.
But it’s overcome by the desire to see Dean, so he steps in, tugging at Dean’s shirt, wasting no time in running his palms up Dean’s chest once his skin is bared. Tracing the ridge of a collarbone, palming the side of his neck. Dean’s head drops to the side, and Castiel replaces his hand with his mouth, kissing Dean’s pulse.
‘Sam’—Cas turns to Sam, fixing him with a long-suffering look—‘it is not possible that Dean and I would have a child together.’ A troubled look crosses his face. ‘Unless I took another vessel…’
The dinky little plastic bucket with the shell-shaped shovel Dean had bought as a joke is sitting by Jack’s knee, and Cas is squinting at the heap of sand with a look on his face like he wants to smite it. Everything in Dean goes still—his breath, his heart,
‘OK.’ Cas’s hand drops to his shoulder, trails down his arm until his fingers brush the back of Dean’s hand. His index finger sweeps over Dean’s skin a few times, before hooking around Dean’s thumb.
It’s almost enough to make Dean laugh. No one’s ever said that to him before. And he’d figured if anyone was going to be reluctant, it would be Cas. Cas, who is looking at Dean without an ounce of judgement, who doesn’t care that Dean hasn’t had sex in three years, or that he’s acting like a damn blushing virgin.
Castiel can’t stand knowing Dean is blaming himself, so he says, ‘But it’s better to be here with broken wings than to be stuck
Arousal arrows to his groin; he wraps his arms around Cas, pulling their bodies flush. Cas is hard against him, just from kissing, and Dean is on fire. Dean pushes Cas’s shirt up until he can’t get it any further and Cas has to pull back to take it off. Dean takes the opportunity to shuck his own shirt before they come back together. The slide of warm, bare skin against his own sends another rush of heat through him.
‘It is, and so are you,’ Castiel says, then leans in to swallow the inevitable protest from Dean with a deep kiss.
Pleasure bolts up his spine, white-hot and electric. His hips cant up, and Dean lets him, encourages him, his fingers digging into Castiel’s ass, urging him closer. He wants this to last forever, but even with his limited experience, he knows that it won’t, especially if Dean doesn’t stop.
‘No, stop there.’ Dean holds up a hand. ‘You’re going to read some Douglas Adams, and then we’re having this conversation.’
. It’s only twisted. You should be more worried about the wet clothes.’ Dean waves a hand at him. ‘You look like a drowned rat,’ he adds with a grin that looks forced, ‘you should get changed, too.’
Discomfort pulls at him as he stretches his wings, his room at the bunker barely wide enough for them to fit. He only manifests them in private, though it’s painful to put them away. He doesn’t want anyone else to see them, not like this. Though he would choose complete humanity if it meant the choice between being on earth with Dean, or not being with him, to see his wings so…tattered. It still shames him.
The shopping cart comes to an abrupt halt, and won’t budge, because Cas has stopped dead in front of it. He’s got his hands curled over the end of the cart, and he’s watching Dean carefully. ‘Do you want to be?’
‘Who are you?’ Dean does a quick scan of the room, making sure the kid didn’t bring friends. ‘What are you?’
‘And you’re definitely cool with not getting married?’ Maybe he’ll still buy Cas a ring, though. Maybe Cas will want to buy him one, too. That would be cool.
A dark look crosses Dean’s face, and it’s like he turns in on himself, the light in his eyes dimming. ‘Okay, I get it, I suck at being romantic.’
Dean resists the urge to roll his eyes and paws through the basket. There are a few t-shirts in the ugliest colours Dean has ever seen and a soft, oversized sweater the same colour as the flannel shirt that had caught Dean’s eye earlier. ‘Fine, whatever,’ he sighs, ‘but at least grab some jeans. And some decent shoes.’
Caught staring. And Dean’s only a little embarrassed. ‘You got a little...’ He waves at Cas’s chin, where a fleck of egg is caught in his whiskers.
Castiel has never understood human modesty, but he does feel ridiculous and exposed, so he goes upstairs to change, then comes back down to find Dean hunched over the kitchen sink with Castiel’s sweatpants.
Dean whirls around, hand going to his hip for a gun that isn’t there, and comes face to face with a grey-haired woman in a fuzzy oversized sweater. He blinks at her.
He takes the popcorn out and sets it on the stove. He has to keep telling himself that Cas is here, he’s alive, he’s not gone. Dean’s heart was broken, but it’s not, now, right?
‘That’s encouraging,’ Dean mutters. At Sam’s pissy look, he says, ‘Fine, yeah, OK, let’s do this thing.’ Great, he’s signing up to get his memory wiped by his future adoptive son. His fucking life.
Fuck. What did he do to make Cas leave this time? He’s about to resign himself to finishing the bath alone, but as he’s looking around for the shampoo, Cas walks back through the door with a jug. He fills it at the sink and brings it over.
That the way he feels about Cas isn’t really anything like he feels for Sam doesn’t register. Sam is the kid he raised, too, of course it doesn’t feel the same.
Guilt swishes around his empty stomach, and he crosses his arms over his middle. ‘It’s fine,’ he says, ‘you have your own thing.’
him. He’s not sure what, exactly, he did think Cas would do. Sit there while Dean washed himself? Run the bath and get the heck out of Dodge?
Heat rushes Dean and he has to swallow a few times to work up enough saliva to say, ‘Didn’t ask you to.’
A few moments pass before Dean adds, ‘Hey, speaking of, maybe later we could go for a drive. Maybe go into town and get you some new duds.’
‘Uh, yeah…’ Dean’s voice is hoarse. He’s glad he’s lying down because he’s pretty sure his knees are
It’s overwhelming, the feel of Dean in his arms, their lips moving against each other, the taste of Dean, the scent of him. And, beyond that, the fire, and the rain, and the thunder. Castiel still hasn’t mastered which sensation to focus on, how to filter other things out.
—‘why were you avoiding me when you got back?’ Dean squares his jaw. ‘I thought you would… We would…’
But then they screw shut on a jaw-cracking yawn, and Castiel says, ‘We should go to bed,’ knowing he doesn’t need to clarify
Cas doesn’t look convinced but he says, ‘OK,’ and then, ‘Are you ready to go back to the party?’ in a way that suggests he’s wondering if Dean is worse off than he’s letting on with all his rambling about 42.
‘I—’ Cas shifts in place. He’s got that look he used to get before he’d flap off somewhere. He can’t do that, now, but he can still walk away. Still refuse to talk to Dean. But he only lifts his shoulders and says, ‘I didn’t want you to worry.’ It almost sounds like a question, like he’s saying “Is this an acceptable excuse”, but Dean will take it.
In a moment of whimsy, Dean will find a sturdy twig and write their initials in the sand and Cas will smile at him in the way that makes Dean’s heart beat. They’ll return to their motel room, shower to wash the salt and sand from their skin, make love and fall asleep in each other’s arms to the wet purr of the air conditioner.
‘Yeah, I do.’ Dean closes his eyes and grabs Cas’s wrist, leaning into his palm. It’s warm and it grounds him. ‘Just let me say this.’
‘If he’s Lucifer’s son, he must be destroyed,’ Cas says. ‘A regular Nephilim would be powerful enough but Lucifer’s son would have powers untold.’
‘You are up! I thought I heard voices.’ Jack bounds across the room and all but flings himself at Dean, arms around his neck. ‘Happy birthday.’
‘I just want to go home,’ Jack says. Quietly at first, so that it barely registers to Dean. But when Dean and Cas and Sam keep talking, he says it again, ‘I want to go
The mattress dips and the covers shift as Cas sits beside Dean, the warm press of his shoulder both grounding and overwhelming. ‘This is the third time this week you’ve woken up like this.’
‘Well, I guess we technically already live together. But, yeah, essentially.’ Dean’s heart pounds; he licks his lips. ‘If it’s not too fast, or—’
‘What time is it?’ It must be later than Dean thought. He took his watch off when he was working on Baby, and can’t remember where he put it down.
Because with the pressure valve released—at least a little—Dean has no idea how to spill the one thing he needs to say more than anything. It’s the kind of thing he’d always thought he would say in a big moment, like Cas did. End of the world, end of the line, or words pouring out when one of them returns from death. But no ends loom on the horizon, and while Dean is still freaking ecstatic that Cas is back, the time for an emotional outpouring at their reunion has probably passed.
And then he looks back to Cas, who is everything Dean never let himself wish for, and who is looking at Dean like he’s the fucking world. It’s almost too much, again, but this time Dean breathes through it and lets his head rest against Cas’s.
Dean shakes his head. ‘Just tell me what was going on. And don’t give me that bullshit about insomnia or whatever, OK?’
The blue sheet billows up between them as they lift it and then settles on the bed. Castiel pulls it tight and tucks the corner in, but it still ends up lumpy. He can’t figure out how Dean does it so perfectly. Dean has even shown him, more than once, and he can’t get the knack of it. He files it away as one of life’s mysteries and stuffs a pillow into a plaid pillowcase, then fluffs it up and sets it on the bed.
‘Will you stop being such a mother hen, dude, it’s not even a sprain,’ Dean says, snatching the knife away and heading over to the fridge.
Dean pulls off, cheeks flushed and eyes dark. Saliva runs down his chin; he wipes over his mouth with the back of his hand. ‘Not having a good time?’
‘If you don’t like this, we can sleep the way we usually do.’ Even though he’s talking into Dean’s neck, Dean can hear the disappointment in Cas’s voice.
, jeez, can’t two guys just be friends—but he follows Cas’s gaze to the screen, where Spock is holding Kirk’s hand tight in medbay.
Castiel swallows and, realising he’s still cradling Dean’s ankle in his hands, gently lowers Dean’s foot to the floor. He glances up, breath catching in his throat at the look in Dean’s eyes. It seems harder, this time, to control his reactions to Dean. He takes a deep breath and bandages Dean’s ankle, trying to ignore the heat burning through him.
Dean snorts, but he nods, and this time he goes when Cas pulls on his shoulder. He rests his back against the edge of the tub but keeps his knees raised. There’s a moment where this feels like a mistake, where he is going to tell Cas he can handle the rest, tell him to forget this ever happened, because what the hell is he thinking?
‘Luring me here under false pretences?’ Dean clucks his tongue. ‘Not very gentlemanly of you, Cas.’ At Cas’s baleful glare, Dean adds, ‘And why did I need to get away from the kitchen?’
Castiel stands at the open window, relishing the warm breeze on his face and breathing in deep the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle. He smiles. A bedroom with a window, in a house that’s above ground.
Pride wells up in Castiel that he can make Dean so happy. He reaches up to brush a thumb over the newly formed scar. ‘You know, this was easier than I thought it would be. Like it was still there beneath the surface.’ He sucks in a breath. ‘And I felt…’
I’m happy. I just…’ Cas looks more at a loss for words than Dean has ever seen him. It does little to ease the confusing swirl of emotions in him. Cas spreads his arms and says, ‘How?’
Something brushes against Castiel’s neck—he thinks it might be Dean’s lips—but then Dean starts working his way through his feathers again, and Castiel lets Dean take care of him.
Cas only raises a brow and says, ‘I was under the impression people get undressed to bathe,’ and runs his gaze pointedly over Dean’s still-clothed body.
It’s Cas who bridges the distance, pushing himself up onto his knees, water sloshing everywhere, and bracing himself over Dean. The bubbles hide
Cas shifts closer, pressed into Dean’s side, the hand on his knee sliding north a little. ‘I’ve read that touch is comforting. It can boost serotonin and other hormones.’
Cas is still squinting at him and Sam looks two seconds away from imploding. Luckily, Jack pipes up again, saying, ‘Oh, I understand.’ He smiles. ‘Neither of you is my
Sam and Eileen, wearing matching party hats, yell out, ‘Surprise!’ Sam blows the party blower he’s holding and Eileen throws her hands in the air in a ‘ta-da’ gesture.
Something’s wrong. Dean turns, whip-fast, pushing himself to his feet. He only gets a glimpse at Jack—all sad eyebrows and glassy eyes—before Jack flings himself at him. Arms so tight around Dean’s neck he can barely breathe.
There’s something like disappointment in Cas’s voice, but confusion too. Dean doesn’t blame him. He turns his face, cheek pressed to the warmth of Cas’s back. ‘I’m so tired, man.’
‘Turn the damn—’ Dean reaches out and snatches the remote from Cas, fumbling until he presses the power button. He’s breathing too fast, too harsh. No, he can’t breathe at all.
‘You know, I couldn’t come in here for so long,’ Dean says, like he hasn’t heard Castiel, ‘but then I needed something down here and I didn’t even think about it.’
More than once, since they’ve started sharing a bed, Dean has been woken by Cas’s tossing and turning, his groans as he battles his own nightmares, or found Cas’s side of the bed empty in the middle of the night. By now, he knows to look for Cas in the kitchen, where he’ll be sitting with a cup of chamomile and a hangdog expression that tugs at Dean’s heart. He’ll join Cas silently—with coffee—but he’s not sure it helps.
‘Wait!’ Dean thrusts out a hand. Jack’s words have finally sunk in. He said Cas and Dean are his dads. Both of them. Jack is a half-angel-half-human teen monster. They’re
Dean all but hides his face in it, still embarrassed by all of this: the gifts, the breakfast, everything. He reaches in and brings out a bottle of top-shelf. He whistles, low, and says, ‘Thanks.’
Cas gives him a look, but Dean waves him off and grabs some beers from the fridge, and they return to the Dean cave, the air fraught between them.
Dean grins and says, ‘I’m holding you to that,’ hooking his ankle around Castiel’s calf and tilting his head up for another long, deep kiss.
Dean is cleaning his gun, all the parts laid out on the desk of their latest fleabag motel, when there is a shift in the air. He knows without looking that someone else—
It’s both thrilling and terrifying how Cas knows how to touch him when they barely touch each other. When Dean only allows himself to touch Cas if it’s life-or-death or can be brushed off as friendly. When barely anyone touches him at all, these days, except for Cas or Sam. Unless you count the monsters they fight.
They get into the car, the ignition turning easily, the Impala rumbling to life around them. In the rearview, the cabin is slowly swallowed up by the trees, and Castiel feels nothing but peace, and a burgeoning excitement to get back, and move into Dean’s room, and see everyone else.
‘Cas.’ Dean swallows. ‘I mean, shit, you seemed surprised about the jacket and— And you don’t even know how broken I was when you—’ His throat is tight and hot and— Fuck. He’s not going to
‘Here,’ Dean says, already leaning up and over the table, ‘let me...’ He swipes the pad of his thumb over Cas’s chin, stubble prickling his skin. ‘Just some egg.’ He settles back and wipes his hand off on his pants.
Even as Dean stands before him, jaw squared, arms crossed over his stomach. Defiant and beautiful and…
‘Okay!’ Dean reaches up and puts his hand over Cas’s mouth. Cas’s lips move beneath his palm, and Dean looks up to a smirk in Cas’s eyes. He huffs and says, ‘You’re such a shit, sometimes,’ and lets his hand fall back to Cas’s chest.
Castiel’s instinct is to protest. They are his wings, so they’re his responsibility. But he can’t groom them properly with his grace so depleted. And there’s a selfish part of him that just wants Dean to touch him.
Dean has said more than once in the past that relationships don’t fit with their line of work. And Castiel himself has met more single or widowed hunters than he has happily coupled. He doesn’t believe that this vacation is just a fling for Dean—his love is deep and strong and staggering—but Castiel doesn’t know how this is going to work. He has no experience with this.
Cas curls his hand around Dean’s elbow. ‘If you come, now, I’ll perform any sexual favour you wish.’
me. Better than anyone. Just ‘cause you thought I didn’t… That doesn’t mean shit, okay? You got this.’ Colour is high on his cheeks and his eyes are glassy and his words are strained. ‘Trust yourself.’
‘I mean, I know you’re powered down these days, so if it’s gonna use up too much juice… It’s not important, or anything.’
him. Castiel can hardly believe it. Tongue loosened by Dean’s touch, Castiel slurs out, ‘Do you really love me?’ and Dean’s hands pause. ‘Don’t stop.’
Dean grins, pushing himself up, cracking his back. ‘A man after my own heart,’ he says, pulling on his clothes.
‘I…’ Cas swallows thickly. ‘Thank you.’ He looks quickly at Sam, then for longer at Dean, before looking back to Jack. If Dean didn’t know better, he’d think Cas’s eyes were glittering. ‘I’m sorry again, for…’
‘Well,’ Eileen says, cutting through the awkwardness, ‘we also got you this.’ She reaches behind her, bringing out a shiny black and gold gift bag, and handing it over to Dean.
changed much for me. I mean, it’s amazing, and it’s changed the whole celibate thing I had going on. But what we have…it was always more than friendship.’ He looks at Castiel. ‘Does it really feel that different for you between us?’
He still feels tired, but it’s a peaceful tired now. Not the stretched-too-thin exhaustion that had its hold on him earlier. And with Cas holding him tight and, Dean suspects, keeping the water warm around them, he no longer feels that deep pervading emptiness. He is calm and content in a way he so rarely is. But there’s one thing on his mind.
But Dean stalks over, grabbing the jacket and Cas’s hand in his fist. ‘You wanna know why I didn’t wash this?’ His fingers curl into the fabric, curl around Cas’s fingers. ‘Because it was all I had left of you. You left m—’ He stops, gathering himself. ‘You were gone, all the way gone, and this’—he tugs, pulling Cas closer—‘was all I had left.’
‘Yeah, I— I mean…I didn’t not…’ Dean clears his throat. He sits on the edge of the bed then tugs on Cas’s ankle, which earns him a glare. Dean rolls his eyes and pats the bed next to him; when Cas shuffles around so he’s sitting by Dean, Dean adds, ‘A guy might get the wrong idea is all.’
He looks trapped, and Dean’s stomach sinks even as something like anger, but might only be hurt, curls behind his ribs. What the hell has Dean done for Cas to react like this? He hasn’t spoken to the guy in days. But maybe that’s the problem. Maybe he should have tried harder to track Cas down, talk to him. Maybe Cas thinks Dean doesn’t want him here. Maybe he's been walking into rooms as Dean's been walking out of them and the place is just too damn big for either of them to realise.
‘Hey, before you scramble our noggins, I gotta know one thing,’ Dean says. When Jack nods, he adds, ‘If you’re Lucifer’s kid, how come you look so much like Cas?’
Dean sucks in a breath, gulps some whisky. He drums his fingers on the coffee table and chews his lip. ‘You’re the best friend I’ve ever had. You know that, right?’
The smile Dean gives him is worth biting his tongue. Dean huffs and says, ‘Nah, didn’t know that… Australia, huh?’
But then Cas looks over in his direction, expression clearing and making way for something Dean can only think of as
‘You don’t know how I could love you and I don’t know how I couldn’t.’ Dean’s face heats. Shit, he’s getting sappy in his old age. But if there’s anyone worth getting sappy over, it’s Cas. A nervous laugh escapes him, but he keeps talking: ‘You’re brave and you make me laugh and you see the good in people after everything. You— You’re kind and you want to help everyone. You saved me, Cas. More than once and not just my life. You
If Dean were twenty years younger, Cas saying that would get him well on the way to round two. As it is, it sets a pleasant simmer going in his blood. ‘You know what,’ he says, voice rough, ‘think you’re fine with the pillow talk.’
After talking to Cas, his mind has been racing with everything that might be wrong between them, now, all the what-ifs chasing each other. The worse is what if Cas regrets…
‘Sorry, I… It’s just…’ Electricity sparks up Castiel’s spine as Dean shifts his hips; he gasps and presses his forehead to Dean’s chest. ‘So much.’
, but gentle. But then Cas sucks Dean’s bottom lip between his and Dean’s lips part on a moan, and then their tongues are sliding together, and gentle isn’t exactly the word Dean would use anymore. Hot is probably closer. Cas does something with his tongue, and Dean thinks, wow, yeah, definitely hot.
‘Welcome to the family,’ Dean says. Jack beams. It does something funny to Dean’s chest, the same feeling he used to get when Sammy would look up at him like he was the best thing ever. Shit. This kid is his kid. ‘So, if we’re not your bio dads, we adopt you, or something?’ He doesn’t look at Cas, but he can feel his gaze on him. Because they may not have had a baby, but they’re apparently
pissed. Not really. It’s an automatic reaction. He wanted Cas there, not because they needed his help, but because he always wants Cas there. Always wants Cas with him. And wants—needs—to know Cas wants to be where he is, too.
The remote is on the floor, where it had fallen from Dean’s hand. Cas looks at it, then up at Dean. He bends, slowly, picking up the remote and holding it out.
The late afternoon light filtering through the trees casts Dean in a dreamy haze, and, though Castiel can’t see his soul anymore, this is one of the times when he almost believes he can. He shakes himself and rounds the car to haul the remaining bags from the trunk, following Dean inside.
When Dean answers, his voice carries with it something confessional, and he clears his throat to say, ‘Makes me feel like…I belong to you.’
‘No,’ Castiel says, wondering if he’s imagining the hint of jealousy in Dean’s voice, ‘but I still understand the mechanics.’
And, oh. Oh. This is why he’s been jittery all day. Since Castiel has got back. He did all of this—the cabin, the candles,
But, for now, the five of them eat their lunches and drink their beer, lolling in the shade of their rainbow umbrella, chatting and laughing. The sand stretches before them, bleached by the sun, the ocean glittering beyond it. A different kind of peace settles over Dean, a peace that comes from having his family safe and content around him.
. Fuck. Dean is no good at this, and Cas is looking at him expectantly, and he looks so tired and human, and Dean’s chest aches. ‘Well, about a lot of things.’ He runs a hand over the back of his neck. ‘But, first, wanna talk about what’s keeping you up nights?’
But Dean shoots his hand out, curling his fingers around Cas’s wrist. He looks up, tongue-tied and head over fucking heels. ‘The water’s dirty.’
‘For dinner, yesterday.’ From over Cas’s shoulder, Dean sees him raise his hands, palms turned toward him, like he’s studying them. ‘I used to be able to heal you. Help you in ways I can’t, now. But I can still make you a sandwich.’ He huffs, dropping his hands. ‘That sounds foolish, I know.’
But Castiel doesn’t have to think of anything to say, because Dean speaks up, saying, ‘Hey, you know, I’m pretty beat,’ and pushing himself to his knees. He jerks a thumb over his shoulder. ‘Think I’ll go up to bed.’
‘Found this stashed in the kitchen,’ Dean says, setting his glass down and holding the box up. It’s a game. Something called Guess Who. Dean waggles the box. ‘Wanna play?’
‘Yeah, and you know why?’ When Castiel gives a small shake of his head, Dean adds, ‘Because we’re awesome.’
The hope that had kindled in Castiel’s chest bursts into flames. It races through his body, filling him from head to toe and wing to wing. It’s incredible. His heart sings, and his wings flare out.
Dean pulls back, something nervous but excited beneath his grin, and reaches over to the nightstand, fumbling until he retrieves a bottle.
Dean’s first instinct is to attack the thing that just created a mini-earthquake in their motel room. But the kid looks
Cas looks over at him, all insolence in those baby blues, and says, ‘I believe the appropriate expression here is “takes one to know one”,’ with a sardonic lift of one brow.
The lights buzz, electricity hums: the bunker singing its nocturne. Dean raises his hand and knocks.
There’s something in Cas’s gaze that makes Dean hope, sometimes, but he knows better than anyone how dangerous hope can be.
‘Thought you understood the mechanics,’ Dean says after a few moments, though his voice is hoarse despite the insolence.
‘Hm?’ Cas is eyeing the selection of herbal teas and plucks several off the shelf, putting them in the cart.
And it’s true. They touch more, now—casual touches and hugs and leaning into each other more when they watch movies or sit together to eat. And they sometimes wake up tangled together, drawn to each other in sleep. But they don’t cuddle on purpose.
Cas turns a jumbo-sized jar of pickled pig’s feet over and Dean snatches it out of his hands before he can put it in the cart. Dean will eat a lot of weird shit but he is
As they walk out of the library—Jack a few steps ahead, Dean and Cas behind, their hands brushing between them—Dean mutters, ‘Time travel.’ He shakes his head and looks at Cas. ‘He gets that from you, you know.’
But when Dean comes over, he pays no heed to the careful space Castiel has left, sitting pressed up against him. Their thighs touch from hip to knee, and Castiel wishes he’d put on his formal pants. The pyjamas are too thin, and Dean is so warm beside him.
It’s so different to hold Dean when neither of them are facing imminent death, or coming back from the brink of it. To just be allowed to hold him for no other reason than Castiel wants to. And Dean wants to, as well. It’s in the way his fingers dig into Castiel’s shoulders,
‘Hey, he’s with Claire, he’ll be fine.’ After Jack had used his new God status to bring Cas back, he decided he didn’t want that kind of power. And, so, he’d split from Amara, who is now the new hands-off (pinkie-swear-Scouts’-honour) God. Dean is weirdly okay about it, all things considered. After that, Claire had swung by to make sure everyone was, you know, alive—apparently Dean’s quick call to say they made it out mostly unscathed didn’t cut it—and decided she and Jack needed some sibling bonding time.
Dean tackles him, pressing him down into the couch, and kisses him until they’re both breathless. Somehow, Cas manages to flip them over, and Dean relishes the weight of Cas above him. But, too soon, Cas pulls away, standing and straightening himself.
‘OK.’ Dean isn’t sure how that can be true, but then he’d give up almost anything for Cas in a heartbeat, knowing he wouldn’t regret it. ‘And I don’t feel obligated.’
They handled it without Cas. Dean has no reason to be pissed that Cas didn’t show, and the thing is he
. Again—that Dean has time to think about it properly. A word that’s big enough for what Cas means to him.
Warmth rises up in Dean’s chest, washing away the cold dread his nightmare had filled him with. ‘It’s—’ He clears his throat. ‘You do help. You being here helps.’
‘Do I really have to spell it out? After the back rubs and the jacket and everything I said about you being gone…’ Dean runs a hand over his face. ‘I mean, why do you think?’
Cas looks down at the shirt he’s wearing and shrugs. ‘I like it fine. And I don’t question your addiction to plaid.’
Cas, though, plucks it out of the toolbox and says, ‘It’s eleven minutes and approximately twenty-seven seconds past nine.’
The thing is, Cas couldn’t look further from that, now, his mouth turned down, matching the dejected slump to his shoulders.
There’s a shift in the air and a cracking sound and Dean blinks. He looks at Sam and Cas and says, ‘Hey, when did you guys get here?’
, but it sets Dean’s mind wandering. He and Cas have been together close to two years—which…wow—and he still doesn’t know what, exactly, to call him. He usually goes for boyfriend, but it doesn’t seem
Castiel fucks him through it, chasing his own orgasm, spilling inside Dean not long after. He pulls Dean close to his chest, taking Dean’s hand and twining their fingers together.
Dean had thought best friends were for twelve-year-old girls, not grown men and certainly not angels of the lord. But that’s what Cas is. His best friend. He’s not about to race out and get them matching heart necklaces, but there’s a comfort in the term. Someone who’ll have his back, even without the bonds of family tying them together.
’No, I’m not done.’ Castiel stands, staring down at Dean, who meets his gaze with a defiant tilt to his chin. ‘You need to rest your ankle. I’ll get dinner.’
There’s a hint of haughtiness to Cas’s tone that unspools some of the tightness wound up in Dean’s chest. But it’s not enough to settle his unease entirely. ‘I’m just saying that I might be out of practice is all.’
Dean slumps into the recliner and turns back to the screen where a naked dude is sinking through water in slow motion. Great. It’s probably gonna be one of those arty-farty movies Charlie had surprisingly liked on occasion. A title comes up onscreen. ‘
Something of his frustration must show because Dean stills above him, running his hand over Castiel’s forehead, and saying, ‘You okay?’
There are a few moments of silence, where Dean thinks of all the things Jack could have done, and trying to figure out how they can fix it, before Jack says, ‘Time travel.’
Dean doesn’t forget Cas is an angel, but sometimes he forgets he’s a warrior. Throwing an arm around his shoulder, gasping with laughter; commiserating over deadbeat dads, neon washing over them. In those moments Cas is a friend.
‘I’m proving it to you,’ Cas says, leaning in. Very slowly. He raises his hands to Dean’s face, cupping his jaw.
Dean wriggles, pressing back against Cas’s erection, satisfied when Cas sucks in a sharp breath. ‘Need me to take care of that?’
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, but he still doesn’t take the shirt. Instead, he curls his fingers around Cas’s wrist, swiping his thumb over Cas’s pulse. The quiet of the room is suffocating around them. Cas’s gaze is on him, heavy and questioning, but Dean doesn’t have an answer for it. Not with words. They’re tucked away too well, deep in his throat. Maybe he can just show Cas. He’s better at that.
Cas moves around to the side of the bath, standing there and staring down at Dean. And Dean doesn’t know what to do or say, he only knows that now Cas has touched him he wants
‘Hey, you want some hot chocolate?’ The low burr of Dean’s voice breaks Castiel out of his thoughts. ‘And I brought marshmallows—we could toast the extra ones over the fire after we’ve finished the pie.’
‘Yeah, I, uh… I want to talk.’ Dean catches Castiel’s gaze, unwavering; he runs a hand over the back of his neck. ‘Heh. I guess now’s as good a time as any, and it’s real nice out here.’
Castiel raises his brows, but he says, ‘OK,’ and settles with his back to Dean again. A calm Castiel has rarely felt settles over him as Dean works his fingers through his feathers, straightening them and plucking the loose ones.
If Dean thought his face was on fire before, it’s nothing compared to now. ‘Pshh. I know how it works! I just…’ He looks at Sam, but he’s no help because he has that constipated look like he’s trying not to laugh, and Dean ends up saying, ‘Angels?’ with a shrug.
‘Guess maybe you don’t.’ Dean huffs. ‘Look, man, I ain’t good at this but… You mean a lot to— To me. And I… I need—’ He purses his lips, brow furrowed. ‘I need you to not do anything like that again.’
Dean smiles, beautiful and true. He slides a hand around Castiel’s waist and pulls him in for a slow, soft kiss. ‘Thanks,’ he says, when they part.
if you’re into reblogging those—thanks in advance to anyone who checks it out :) Or just come over and say hi if you want! :)
Castiel’s heart beats so hard and so loud it almost seems to be coming from outside of him. It takes him a moment to realise it’s
Cas looks uncertain but he takes himself in his hand, eyelids fluttering and hips twitching. It’s really fucking hot.
He hesitates a moment, watching Cas sleep, then gets out another blanket for himself. He settles back into his recliner, tucks the blanket in, and wriggles around trying to get comfortable. It’s going to be hell on his back, but at least Cas won’t have to wake up alone.
Cas makes a small, embarrassed noise, continues to massage Dean’s back like he never said anything. Dean lets him, because it’s easier than following that train of thought, right now. Especially when Cas’s fingers catch at the hem of his shirt, skating over bare skin for a moment, trailing electricity, before he pulls Dean’s shirt back down.
Cas snorts and digs out the box of cassettes from under the seat. They click against each other as he flips through them, before picking one out and sliding it into the deck. Blue Öyster Cult blares from the speakers; Cas adjusts the volume, then settles back, eyes sliding closed as he hums along.
seeing them like this is especially mortifying. Since Dean pulled him out of The Empty—a feat which still fills Castiel with anger and awe and something suspiciously like hope—he’s been overprotective. Barely lets Castiel out of his sight.
The fire, still crackling in the grate, is the only light in the room. It casts Dean’s figure in shadow where he’s standing by the fireplace, head bowed, hands clenched by his sides.
Dean brings his hand up to Cas’s chest to push him away but somehow fists his hand in Cas’s shirt and pulls him closer instead. Cas’s lips are soft and warm, and he kisses like— Like— Fuck, Dean has no clue, but it’s lighting him on fire.
time, but yes.’ Cas takes a handful of popcorn, tossing the pieces in his mouth one by one. ‘Music is a very important part of the culture.’
Dean nods once. ‘I guess.’ He clears his throat and opens his eyes. ‘I didn’t think I’d get to 40, let alone 42.’ He shrugs. ‘Shit, I didn’t think I’d make 35 or even 30.’ He lets out a long shuddering breath. There is more he could say, there’s more they both could say, but they don’t need to. He looks at Cas and knows that he gets that, too. He swallows. ‘Hey, I just thought of something.’
Castiel blinks. It’s not often he sees Dean like this, but something about being out here with Castiel makes Dean nervous, and Castiel doesn’t know
But then Cas says, ‘Oh,’ and unfurls his hand from the jacket, gently prising Dean’s from his sweatshirt; the jacket falls to the floor, and Cas’s arms come up around Dean. Uncertain for a moment, until they both melt into the embrace, arms enfolding each other close.
‘Yeah, it’s awesome. Thanks.’ Dean loops it over his head, pulling the slide up, and winks at Jack, who beams at him.
A breeze blows past, rustling leaves, almost swallowing Dean’s sigh. ‘Just… Talk to me.’ His hand falls from Castiel’s arm to rest against his side.
The way he says it tangles warmly around Castiel’s heart, and he drops his arms to his sides and says, ‘That’s all I wanted to do, too.’
Dean stands beside him, close enough that their hands brush and Castiel can feel his warmth. He can sense Dean’s aura, too. It’s a steady hum against Castiel’s, the way it always has been. It’s more calming than the serenity of the lake.
There are a few more moments of tense silence and then Dean says, ‘Could you put it back?’ His tone is offhand, like he’s merely asking if it’s something within the realm of possibilities, not a request. But Castiel knows Dean well enough to read beneath it.
‘I don’t know,’ Sam says, the colour returning to his face. ‘He does look like Cas. Like, a lot.’ He adds, ‘And he has your eyes, Dean,’ in that irritating mock-innocent tone Dean knows too well.
Shame pierces Castiel’s pride, but it withers at the look in Dean’s eyes and with the memory of all their sexual encounters the past week. ‘You like it,’ Castiel says.
‘At all,’ Cas admits, ‘since I…’ He sighs, cheeks a little flushed, as though sleepless nights are anything to be embarrassed about.
. It’s… How does he explain why he’s being so weird without sounding like an idiot? He shrugs. ‘But, uh, it’s been a while.’
Dean lifts his hands to Cas’s face, cradling his jaw, and pulls Cas to him. Their mouths slot together, and it’s somehow new and familiar all at once. Dean never thought that old cliché about the rest of the world falling away when you kiss someone was true. But kissing Cas is
‘I have a present for you.’ Cas half-turns, then moves back, leaning in to press a quick kiss to Dean’s lips. ‘Happy birthday, Dean.’
As they walk off, Dean sends the nosey woman a dirty look; she blinks and looks away. For good measure, Dean takes Cas’s hand, somehow feeling emboldened by her intrusive stares, no matter the intent behind them.
It’s turning him on more than anything has in a while, but he’s content just to cling to Cas and be kissed, for now. Dean can’t remember the last time he just made out for the sake of it, but it’s really, really nice. Soon, though, they part, and the little staring contest thing they do feels more intimate than usual.
Their talk eased some of Castiel’s worries, but whatever was left melts away under Dean’s gaze. Castiel nods again and says, ‘Yes,’ and he knows that he is.
Dean runs his hands over Castiel’s thighs, leans down and kisses his stomach. It trembles under Dean’s mouth, desire liquid hot running through him.
Dean huffs, sinking his hand into Castiel’s hair. He uses it to gently guide Castiel’s head back, so he’s looking up into Dean’s eyes. ‘Hey, you
in a way that sets a fire in Castiel’s stomach. His back arches, pulling Castiel deeper inside him, thighs like a vice around his waist, heels digging in. He is so, so beautiful.
He scrubs a hand through his hair and grimaces. It’s gone stiff with dried blood and muck. ‘Shit, I really need to shower.’
‘Yes, and I don’t see why that’s funny.’ Cas has hunched in on himself a little, even as he meets Dean’s gaze with a defiant tilt of his chin.
Sleep pulls Dean under, and he sleeps through the rest of the night, bad dreams dispelled by Cas’s hands and the steady beat of his heart.
It would be easy to think that they are the only people in the world out here with nothing but trees surrounding them as they make their way through the woods. It’s peaceful, but not lonely, though Castiel could never be lonely by Dean’s side. No matter how much he longs for more.
He looks at Cas, who is kneeling and waiting, and says, ‘Fine, whatever, knock yourself out,’ and manages not to jump out of his skin when Cas touches him again.
Dean snorts and says, ‘You’re something else, you know,’ and then it’s as though the dam has broken, and they fall into easier conversation.
Dean holds out his hand, wiggling his fingers when Cas only pulls the shirt protectively against his chest.
‘Don’t be a baby.’ Dean snatches the pile of crumpled white cloth out of Cas’s arms. It’s one white dress shirt after another. He looks at them, back up at Cas. ‘These are just like the shirt you already have.’
.’ Dean noses at his jaw, bites his earlobe. He’s all roguish confidence, but beneath it, there’s that same vulnerability Castiel saw earlier, and his voice breaks a little when he says, ‘I want it.’
A few moments of silence pass; Dean considers getting up to get a drink after all, or maybe get some coffee or grab a book. Do
Once their door is closed firm, Dean reaches for Cas and says, ‘Now what was that about sexual favours.’
‘You started laughing,’ Castiel reminds him, ‘and I was the one who said you were beautiful in the first place.’
But then Cas’s stomach rumbles and Dean has to pull back because he’s smiling too wide to keep kissing Cas. ‘Thought you weren’t hungry,’ he says, and he doesn’t know if he’s smiling because he’s happy, or because it’s ridiculous that they were interrupted by Cas’s stomach of all things.
It stings Castiel, as always, to be reminded of his waning grace, though he knows that wasn’t Dean’s intention. That he’s deflecting his own desire behind a true concern for Castiel. But, still, it leaves Castiel lost for words and he must take too long to answer because Dean shakes his head, moving around Castiel.
But halfway through dessert—a tart cherry pie that stings Castiel’s tongue pleasantly—something shifts. Dean’s jaw clenches, and he says, ‘I can’t—’ then looks at Castiel, shoulders slumping.
‘Right, yeah, that makes sense. Otherwise, you’d be giving me a peep show right now.’ Dean clears his throat and waves his hand. ‘I didn’t even know you could show them properly without burning my eyes out.’
Now this? This Dean can get on board with. He fits his hands to Cas’s waist, the warmth of his skin bleeding through the thin, soft cotton to Dean’s palms.
‘Whatever.’ Dean’s lips twitch. ‘Don’t wanna deprive you of doing your creeper thing and watching me sleep, anyway.’
Dean shifts and cuts his gaze away, and Castiel’s stomach drops. He doesn’t need his grace to sense that Dean is uncomfortable, but that’s all he’s getting. He doesn’t know
This time, Dean’s stomach is the one to rumble, the traitor, and he pulls away slowly. He lets himself relish the moment before he steps back and says, ‘OK, dinner time,’ and gestures for Cas to follow him.
Dean swallows, lets his hands fall to his thighs. Everything drains from him, and he sits a moment before he rests his forehead between Cas’s shoulder blades. There are so many things he wants to say, needs to say, but the weight of them is crushing. He loves Cas so much and he doesn’t know how three, or four words, could show that. So, he says, ‘Yes,’ which isn’t enough either, but it’s all he has in this moment.
He wants to tell Dean how much it meant to him, how beautiful it was, but all he can think to say is, ‘Was that…good?’
‘Yeah, OK.’ Dean looks at Cas a moment, then makes a decision. He pushes at Cas’s shoulders, guiding him to sit back against the pillows, then straddles his thighs. ‘Do you jerk off?’
Despite his earlier protest, Cas does a damn good impression of Spock that leaves Dean squirming and wondering how he got so damn lucky with this awesome, amazing man.
‘You’re one of the most important people in the world to me, Cas. You and Sam and Jack— We’re family, and I know I’ve told you that before, but it was never enough. I never—’ He turns his hand so that he can hold Cas’s properly. It steels him, the feeling of Cas’s hand in his and he takes in a deep, shuddering breath.
The sound of breaking glass brings reality crashing back down, and Dean finally pushes Cas away like he’d meant to all along. ‘What the fuck, dude!’ He wipes over his mouth. ‘You don’t just kiss someone without asking.’
, so this is new. Not that Dean is surprised, if he’s Cas’s kid, Dean knows Cas would treat him right.
Castiel wakes to a warm embrace and soft green eyes watching him across the divide of a shared pillow.
Dean blinks, lips parting before he catches himself. ‘Yeah, okay,’ he says, nodding once and turning to grab something. He shoves potatoes and a peeler at Castiel and says, ‘Get peeling, and when you’re done, chop ‘em,’ pushing him toward the cutting board set up on the kitchenette’s counter.
‘I can’t send him back, but I can help Jack concentrate his powers,’ Cas says, ‘make sure he gets back to where he belongs.’
‘That’s— I’m not your present,’ Cas murmurs against Dean’s mouth. His lips part on a sigh; he tastes like coffee. He pulls away saying, ‘Let me get your present,’ as Dean kisses the hinge of his jaw.
Dean sighs. ‘I just meant you’re looking kinda rough.’ Right. Not much better. ‘You sick, or something?’
Dean opens his eyes. ‘Cas, I—’ He places his free hand on Cas’s chest, above his heart again, fisting his sweatshirt. Each beat of Cas’s heart says
enough—so Castiel grabs Dean’s ass again, pulling their hips flush together. A low moan escapes him, and he rolls his hips up as Dean rolls his down. All he can think is he wants to be close to Dean, closer and closer, but he doesn’t know how. Or, he does, but he doesn’t know if Dean would want…
times in between. Big moments, small moments, and Dean missed every single one of them, biting his tongue. Thinking that Cas didn’t,
A low groan escapes Cas as he settles on the opposite side of the tub. He nudges Dean’s legs apart, resting his own between them. It presses Dean’s feet into the sides of the tub, and he has to bend his knees at an awkward angle to fit, now, but he sure as hell doesn’t mind. Not when they’re naked, and they’re touching, and Cas looks so
‘Cool.’ Dean shifts a little, wondering if he should ask what he wants to or keep his mouth shut. In the end, he murmurs, ‘So you can feel it?’
Silence falls again, broken only by the still falling rain, the rumble of thunder, the soft crackle of the music. Not for the first time, Castiel is frustrated at his lack of grace, at how he can’t sense Dean’s feelings. Not the way he used to. Though, he supposes, he’s not sure how much good it ever did him.
‘What? No. Of course I want to, Dean, but I don’t— You’ve said yourself, so many times, that this kind of life isn’t good for relationships.
It’s a bolo tie, made from the bottle cap of Dean’s favourite beer. He runs his finger along the crimped edge, lets the straps of leather fall through his fingers.
Castiel snorts, pulling Dean closer still, hooking his foot over Dean’s ankle. He relishes the warmth of Dean’s body against his and the light mood Dean is in this morning. ‘You’re not usually this chipper before coffee.’
Cas hums, leaning back; his eyes drift from Dean’s, down to his mouth, back to catch his gaze. ‘I know you, Dean.’
‘Fuck, yeah,’ Dean says, thrusting into Castiel’s hand. ‘But here…’ He reaches between them, guiding Castiel’s hand to wrap around both of their cocks.
