Dean lays next to him quietly, watching Castiel. When Castiel turns to face him, he can't see straight or focus. He desperately wants to cry like a child, because more than anything in the world he wishes he could be unhigh for a moment, he needs Dean's
He craves the subtle comfort of someone trying helping him, of someone wanting to save him. A nasty little part of his brain nags at him, hissing darkly that he doesn’t deserve those things.
"Cas, please," Dean whines, gaining leverage by holding onto Castiel's shoulders. "Need more..."
Lighting up what's left of the tiny butt, Castiel takes a long drag, allowing the smoke to poisonously fill his lungs. He doesn't particularly like smoking, it still burns every time, like his body doesn't want to get used to it.
It’s the two words Dean was hoping least to hear and Castiel hates hurting him, he doesn’t deserve it. Dean says nothing, instead he inches closer with sad, begging eyes. However, Castiel doesn’t retreat, he’s too enrapt by the way Dean is drinking him in, by the way he’s practically attempting to read his mind.
Castiel wants to respond that tonight of all nights he
Sam’s expression wavers like he’s about to get mad, but he stomps out the anger and stays calm. After allowing himself a brief pause to soak up this new information, Sam pieces everything together and finishes Castiel’s confession with, “You saved Jack.”
Dean moans, reaching to turn the keys in the ignition, but definitely not pulling away yet. He cups Castiel's half hard erection through his dress pants, rubbing him quickly, "Shit, Cas, love when you get like this...want you right now, can't wait...it's too long 'til we get all the way home."
When Dean enters the room, John is sitting up with his back against the head board.  He's naked and fondling his mostly soft cock.
The potent scent of what can only be described as his
Dean forces a smile, "Took your clothes to be washed and made us some food...beans again."
for it.
John sent Sam away a few years back, barking about his younger son being an inconvenience. Of course, he told Sam something different, a bullshit story about the benefits of boarding school. Dean feels sick without his little brother. Sam is his everything. His absence is terrifying. Dean's all alone with these monsters.
Castiel wastes no time devouring him again, working him repeatedly with long hard sucks, ramming Dean's cock head roughly against the back of his throat. He loves sucking Dean's dick, missed the weight of it in his mouth while he was away, well, honestly he just missed everything about Dean.
There's a knock on the door, but the stranger doesn't wait. Upon entering, the person brings in with them the most heavenly fragrance Dean has ever smelled. It not only fills his nose, but burrows its way into his
that's my perfect little omega...all for me."
That he's a coward and can't deal with the severity of things to come. But denying Dean has never been one of strong suits, so without argument, Castiel stows the drugs back into the drawer.
He can feel John's knot swelling, filling him up completely as he fucks him harder. John's never claimed him, leaving Dean's neck flawless and virgin. He frequently reminds Dean that whores like him don't get claimed, they don't get soulmates. However, words don't sting as bad as they used to. Dean simply ignores everything his father spews at him and reverts back to fantasizing about Mr. Blue Eyes.
Although his speed is picking up and his pleasure is becoming obvious, Dean's still not looking at Castiel. Castiel grows frustrated and grips onto Dean's hips, helping him along, thrusting upwards every time Dean slams down.
Far too quickly, Dean's coming untouched, moaning that he loves him, urging Castiel to come with him. And Castiel does, he spills his load inside him while kissing the back of Dean's sweaty neck, whispering sweetly that he loves him too.
Sam’s eyebrows raise comically high when he replies, “Woah.”
“Wanna come with us?” Dean is all charm, the radiant green of his eyes daring Castiel to say yes.
It’s only been a week since the deal and Castiel wants to scream. Everything about Dean, everything he represents or more appropriately
"Please!" Dean's body
Castiel growls again, nuzzling into the crook of Dean's neck. His lips don't stop kissing and licking at the bite mark, attempting to soothe Dean's swollen glands.
Castiel knows Dean loves it when he gets all possessive and dominant like this, something that is normally the other way around. But occasionally, Castiel gets fired up, likes to manhandle and fuck his husband raw until he's a whimpering mess beneath him.
Dean doesn't even flinch at the name anymore, he simply hurries up and throws on his robe. Dean loves this robe. It's so soft and fluffy and only worn when he's clean. It's the only remaining clothing he owns, there no need for anything else. He doesn't leave the house and his body isn't
Castiel scoots away, staring out the front windshield, his chest heaving up and down as he tries to control his arousal. When Castiel peeks over his shoulder to glance at Dean, he notices that he's already looking completely wrecked, cheeks starting to burning a pretty red and eyes dilating with need.
Castiel opens Dean up slowly, his hole blooming as it loosens. Dean refuses to look at Castiel, eyes flickering anywhere else in the room. He begins to rise and fall, stretching himself further on Castiel's slender fingers. "Now, Cas, need you now..."
Castiel's angry, angry that he wore his heart on his sleeve, gave Dean exactly what he needed and got nothing in return. Anger turns into all encompassing sadness much too fast. The door clicks shut and Castiel lets the tears fall. Reaching for the nightstand, he fumbles with what to use. Once the decision's been made and the buzz sets in, he retrieves Dean's flannel from the floor. He slips it on and takes a deep breath, waiting for sleep.
Castiel is uncharacteristically clean, in more way than one. His dark, unruly hair is shining dewy from the bath he just indulged in and his insides aren't stewing in toxins. Well, mostly.
“How long do you have?” Sam asks methodically, tucking a section of drenched hair behind his ears and wiping away some glistening water droplets leftover on his face and neck.
"Fuck, Dean, missed you so much," Castiel pants passionately through the kiss. "Mmm...as soon as we get home I'm gonna rip your clothes off, bend you over our kitchen table, and fuck you 'til the only word left in your vocabulary is my name. Drive."
Letting go of Sam, seemingly random laughter bursts out of him, all the while a few stray tears still paint his cheeks. The juxtaposition of it must make him appear a little crazy, but Sam doesn’t mind, he’s laughing too.
Dean hates to admit it, but he likes the feeling of cock in his mouth. It's numbing and calming in a way that no other activity provides. After more than half the movie, John begins to harden, yet Dean doesn't move a muscle.
They reposition and Castiel's cock enters Dean's shaking, sweaty body with excruciating slowness. The whole time Castiel remains mesmerized with Dean's appearance. He's so beautiful. Swollen lips and burning, red cheeks smattered with freckles. Castiel doesn't dare blink. Once bottomed out, Dean sighs and begins to rise just as slowly, restarting the process.
Castiel almost sobs, because Dean's pulling out of him way too fast. Collapsing forward onto the puddle of his own come, Castiel curls himself into a ball and lays on his left side. He faces the array of drugs on the end table, wishing he had the energy to light up. Although his expression is blank, Castiel finds himself pathetically wishing that the hollow, empty feeling inside him was solely physical.
Dean is seething. At the moment, Castiel doesn't know or care why, maybe he's jealous, maybe he's drunk, maybe he's angry at the shit situation their lives have become.
Dean turns to Castiel, “You cool with that?”
"Fuck you, Winchester," Red spits, extracting herself from Castiel as she gathers up her clothes from the floor.
"I know, baby, let's go home," he concludes, kissing him one more time.
“So am I,” Castiel confirms bluntly.
"Cas."
Despite his sour mood, Castiel feels an indescribable warmth trickle down his spine every time he remembers that his son is safe. Because as miserable as he might be, Castiel regrets nothing. The decision to trade himself for Jack would play out the same way a thousand times over. He will always protect Jack.
Castiel wants to reply that he’s not ‘cool’ with much of anything anymore, plus he doesn’t need to eat, but instead he says, “Sounds great.”
Therefore, these rare glimmers of happiness deserve to be cherished. Proof that Dean is still capable of this level of tenderness in an environment that has none, resuscitates Castiel. It makes the dullness shrouding his aura feel colorful again. Even if it is only for a moment.
Dean can't help but groan, the power and strength of an alpha taking what he wants always feels nice. Maybe he really is a whore.
“I’ll get my jacket!” Jack squeaks, bolting out of the room.
Time and time again, they’ve saved each other and it’s time to accept the truth. This family is all they have and there’s no stopping until the peace they’re so fiercely seeking shines brightly down upon them.
Heart aching, Castiel internally vows to reframe that photograph as soon as possible.
inside, even now, with this life. Then again, maybe John felt good at one point too, maybe this is Dean's future. Maybe the good inside him is actually just a mask and one day it'll crumble away. What if Dean ends up just like John and hurts Sammy?
Still fully clothed, Castiel only exposes his cock, lubes it up with spit and pre come, sliding home inside the man he loves with a gasp of unrivaled pleasure. Nothing in the world compares to being inside Dean, pressing their bodies closer and closer, Castiel burying himself as deep as he can go. Lacing their fingers together, Castiel lays his chest possessively over Dean's back, slowly building up a rhythm until he's pounding into him.
Castiel stops sucking and switches to using his hand, pumping Dean evenly, remaining completely in control. He sits up and kisses Dean's earlobe lightly, whispering, "You like my cock inside you, Dean? Gonna pull over and let me fuck you on the side of the road? Can you come from just my cock?"
So many crazy things are coursing through Dean's mind during this moment. He would die for this man, sacrifice himself in an instant. His soul feels fresh and unburdened, if it were a tangible item he's sure it would being glowing. He can
Earlier, he needed a bigger fix than usual because coping with stress isn't something Castiel is equipped for anymore. Maybe once, as a proper angel, but not now. Now he's weak and scared and anxious, self medicating himself through experimentation and careless risks. For a brief while, it looked as if Castiel was improving. That maybe he wouldn't die an addict, but old habits have a tendency to come back with a vengeance.
"Yes..." But Castiel panics, starting to ramble, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything, we're both so busy and I know it won't work. It's just too expensive and complicated and--"
name against Dean's lips when he comes.
Nights like these are always about Sam. Dean wears the physical embodiment of his brother's love to try and feel whole again. Sam completes Dean, therefore losing him is essentially losing half of himself.
"You're mine, Dean Winchester...always have been, always will be...all fucking
"Please," Dean begs, head lolling forward onto Castiel's shoulder. "Love you..."
Fuck, Dean loves his voice. Eyelids already drooping, he turns his head to find Castiel's lips. The kiss is tender, not rushed like before.
Everything comes flooding back in a rush of raw emotion. Castiel remembers why he fell for this man, why he's become blindly loyal to him, why he stays with him to fight in a hopeless war, why he
Following Sam with a new pep in his step, Castiel breathes easier. It turns out he didn’t really miss his chance after all.
He slides into the passenger seat, shuts the door and stares at Dean, demanding his full attention with only the use of his eyes. Dean is smiling at him despite Castiel’s uncalled for mistreatment of Baby’s rear. God, Castiel loves that smile, already filling his heart with warmth and pushing away the sorrow.
"So green," the man whispers, studying Dean's face. It's almost like looking in a very strange mirror, internally Dean feels exactly how the other man's expression looks.
Forevermore, all he’s left with is
"I know."
. Mom's gonna flip! This kid's gonna be so spoiled..."
"Keep touching me, Dean, feels so good," Castiel cooes, gently kissing each individual area of Dean's face. His cock grows bigger and bigger, splitting Dean impossibly wider.
All for Dean.
"Not done yet," Dean nearly growls. "When are you gonna realize those assholes you're technically related to aren't important. Just 'cause they're blood don't make 'em family. Their opinion of us or your job doesn't matter, don't even give them an ounce of power for one fucking second. Your family is
right now.
Dean can't handle much more, he needs to come again. Castiel relinquishes his hold, allowing Dean's arms their freedom. For the first time, Dean touches and explores his lover. His curious palms make their way into Castiel's raven colored hair, carding through the locks and traveling down his neck to explore the muscles of his shoulders and back.
Castiel knows he must appear dazed, Sam has his serious worry face on, the one that’s reserved for real tragedies.
"Don't do this," Dean continues.
tonight! C'mere, baby, get comfortable." There's a glint in John's eye that makes Dean's skin crawl.
to feel that cock inside him, to feel his knot, to be claimed by him.
he exudes, stronger than any other alpha he's met. Like a good omega, Dean listens to him without question, continuing to rub and stroke his uncharacteristically hard prick. He distracts his free hand by curling it around the bed sheet. He doesn't want to touch the alpha without permission.
Castiel tries to swallow, but his mouth is too dry. "Of course."
Suddenly, Castiel is beyond turned on again, his libido has no sign of age when it comes to Dean. He's ready to make love again, ready for Dean to crawl inside him.
"Dean, please," Castiel attempts, pushing him away.
Dean is so close, so beautiful, so tempting.
Sammy needs him.
Dean's prostate feels desecrated in the most blissful way as comes again, screaming and panting while his ass milks the cock inside him. Castiel's knot peaks in size and catches Dean's rim. Castiel let's out a carnal roar when he comes, pulsing his seed deeply inside his omega.
"Dean," he breathes, slowly coming back down to planet Earth. Once he carefully slips out, Castiel grabs one of Dean's worn out, grease stained t-shirts that he uses for the garage, from the back seat, wiping them both clean.
"Cas..."
"Please," Dean begs.
"Dean, give me your eyes," the man rasps.
They shift so Castiel can fully remove his pants from around his ankles, but before he can get comfortable again Dean's mouth is on him. Castiel stops breathing, the wet inferno that has suddenly engulfed his cock has him stuttering, "D-Dean."
Tears are welling and quickly falling, Dean's fucking crying during sex. He's overwhelmed.  The man's features are truly stunning, full lips, angled jawline, with just a dusting of stubble. Dean guesses he's a good ten to fifteen years older than him. "You're real?"
The supple curve of the hunter’s plump lips when he smirks at something amusing, the distinct way his skin crinkles at the corners of his eyes when he smiles big and wide, the musical rumble of his voice when he says Castiel’s name, it’s all pure torture now. Not that the angel wasn’t always captivated by Dean, but now it’s so incredibly overwhelming Castiel doesn’t know if he can trudge through one more day like this.
From then on he's tried to hold everything in, not wanting to relive those feelings of intense pain and heartache ever again. Even after the night of Sam's accident, he held himself together for Dean, Dean needed him to be strong, needed Castiel to comfort and soothe him in the most basic way. Or when he left Balthazar, he mostly went numb, not wanting to feel all the messy emotions that go along with a breakup. Trying hard not to feel or show his loneliness.
“It’s not like that,” Castiel offers, dreading this next part. “The Shadow says it will only come for me when I finally allow myself to be happy.”
Castiel feels sick.
Dean’s face falls, “Look man, I’ve been patient...I really have, but you gotta tell me what’s goin’ on.” He glances down at Castiel’s lips for less than a nanosecond before finishing with, “Just talk to me.”
The first words Dean says to him once he's fully sheathed inside, makes Castiel's entire body go weak. "We're gonna have a baby...Cas, love you..."
He prays that it's Benny, a down on his luck sailor with the wrong color blue speckled in his eyes. He's the only man that kisses Dean. It's not real though, the desperate press of Benny's lips aren't for Dean, they're for the ghost of his dead mate. Benny lost his wife, leaving him on his own to raise their three kids. He drowns himself in Dean, pretending he's back with Andrea and they're making love. Dean's heart shrivels a little more each time they fuck. He can't block out the loneliness and sadness behind Benny's hoarse voice, especially when he's whimpering
In the beginning he used to pop pills, wasting valuable medicine for those in need. Castiel justified his thievery because it's the
Eyesight still shrouded in darkness, Dean's other senses feel more alive. He mewls weakly when he feels one of the man's hands comb lovingly through his hair, the other hand still locked in Dean's own. He shudders from the heat radiating off the alpha's cock, mere inches away from his hole. The sloppy, open mouthed kisses being trailed along Dean's neck have him quivering. He's ready to do
Dean scoots closer, wrapping Castiel snugly inside his arms, chest to chest. His leg hooks possessively around Castiel's hip, bringing them even closer. Castiel tucks his face into the crevice of Dean's neck, sniffing him unashamedly. Dean smells amazing as always, even unshowered and covered in grime. The intimacy from being joined like this will never compare to having sex, Castiel would pick this every time.
It’s the most painfully awkward conclusion that Castiel has ever heard, but it’s accurate all the same.
"Fuck, angel, so good, suckin' my cock like this...can't wait for you to fuck me, always want you to fuck me, Cas...only you."
That particular thought echoes sadistically inside his head. He wants to prove that vile creature wrong. And they will.
It seems Dean is taking too long tonight, because he hears the stern call of his father, "Where's my bitch?"
Castiel needs nights like these.
off of it. If he could, Dean would make sure the wound could never heal, that serene pain is a constant reminder of who he belongs to. Castiel is purring protectively, his climax coming to an end as the final shots of come are buried inside of Dean.
Castiel wants to tell him that they can never make love again. That whatever they end up doing tonight would
Before Dean can even blink, John pulls Dean off, strips him of the robe and shoves his face into the mattress. "Ass up."
, releasing all the pent up, ancient power within him. It’s riddled with agony and longing and true
Dean theorizes that he must be dead. His father snapped last night and finally killed him. Because fairytales like this are nonsense, they don't happen in real life.
Settling in, Dean lays on his tummy and takes his father's flaccid dick into his mouth. He's allowed to keep the robe on for this part. Dean doesn't even care that this is the fourth time this week they're watching
Tiptoeing around Dean like their sexual tension isn’t perpetually on the verge of snapping. Or as if they’re not always one dangerous sentence away from confessing a secret that’s been seasoned with ten years of denial and bandaids.
Dean sips his coffee and rolls his eyes, silently cursing the universe. It's either Benny or Crowley, the only two men that can afford that kind of treatment.
Castiel can never make it through sex without becoming overwhelmed. He's still not used to the fact that he gets to have Dean this way, even now that they've been together for years, that they're
"I'm going to save you from this terrible place," Castiel declares, fucking into Dean hard and fast. "And then I'm going to kill that piece of shit..."
Castiel breathes deep and even, he finally has Dean's eyes. Bright and green, Castiel gets lost. However, he cannot ignore the speck of darkness that has nothing to do with lust or lack of light. Castiel hopes he doesn't live long enough to see that darkness eclipse over the green completely. He wonders if Dean is thinking the same exact thing looking back at him.
The angel jumps slightly when he feels both of Dean’s welcoming palms cover over his own stress-ridden fists, caressing them like something precious. Dean coaxes Castiel’s knuckles open, his muscles unable to resist the soothing sensation. Castiel’s breath hitches when Dean twines their fingers together and moves so close that their noses bump. Dean slowly ebbs away the pain and suffering that’s been steadily corrupting Castiel, their unique bond working in overdrive to heal him.
Taking another hit, Castiel stamps out the tip. He yawns and moves to lay back down with his guests. Blondie reaches down sleepily to play with his soft cock. The combined feeling of his brain entering bliss mode, plus the petite hand stroking him to full hardness has Castiel smiling, feeling good.
“No, you two have fun.” Castiel barely hears his own reply, his head swimming with
, everyone is sentenced to die anyway. Medicine only prolongs the inevitable.
Releasing the death grip on one of Dean's thighs, the alpha nestles his hand into Dean's own, the one that's been violently ripping at the sheets. Dean doesn't understand what the fuck is happening, because holding hands has never made him come before. Euphoria takes him over, the world feels pure.
hanging on every word he says and willing to do anything to help.
Castiel has studied Dean long enough to know that he’s feeling reckless and bold, lust engulfing the hunter’s entire aura. Poorly timed bravery might just end their whole charade right here, right now. And in this moment, the fog of desire clouding his better judgement, Castiel realizes he’s too far gone and weak to care.
Castiel Novak
He pauses, but Dean remains silent, and Castiel feels grateful that he's allowing him to formulate how to continue, not pressuring him.
"Dean, there's so much, I- I don't know where to start..." Castiel sniffles, sitting up and wiping his eyes.
A pair of hands with the strength to stop the Earth from spinning grab Dean's legs, pulling them apart as far as they'll go. Dean's fingers are forcibly removed, fully exposing the soft pink flesh of his pretty hole.
Dean holds strong, clinging to Castiel determinedly, "Why don't you ever say it back? I know you love" --hiccup-- "me, Cas...I know you do."
“Maybe. There’s no way to know anything. Something completely different could still trigger it...or nothing at all. And it’s just that, now...I don’t want to risk it...I don’t want to die, Sam. It’s different than before...Jack needs me and...I’m quite content here with you all.”
There's two naked bodies on either side of him, both women, both unimportant. At some point in the past, before things got out of control, Castiel learned their names. Now he pretends not to remember them. It hurts a little less if the people he drowns himself in aren't real people with real names. Just bodies, one blonde, one red head.
"Castiel, my god, that was friggin' awesome..." Dean says, resting his forehead against the shiny black metal of his Baby in exhaustion.
He’s going to survive this.
The long, hot shower is the best part for Dean, scrubbing himself clean of all the men who soiled him. Sure, he cleans himself in between clients, but this shower isn't part of business. With this shower, he can take his time, decompress his muscles while soaking in a bath if he wishes. Dean likes the bubbles. He imagines the dirt, sweat, and come physically falling away from his body, that maybe this will be the last time, that maybe tomorrow something will
"Hey, uh, I love you too, Cas..." Dean dares, biting his lip nervously and turning away from Castiel's gaze.
Castiel used to ask Dean to stay, beg even, but on nights like these, Castiel has learned it's a futile attempt.
Castiel is about to reply when they both startle part. Jack reenters the room, blurting out, “Hey, can I drive again?”
"Dean, come," Castiel says automatically as he hastily snatches up a joint and lighter from the top drawer.
Sporting puffy eyes and quivery lips, Dean whispers, "I hate when you smoke, messes with your eyes."
Dean doesn't reply, instead he busies himself with cleaning up the plates, rinsing them in the sink. Castiel can count on one hand the number of times Dean has stayed the entire night with him. Each one of them random and far between.
The man smiles and Dean's heart explodes. "Yes, I think so."
Castiel marches tensely towards the Impala, which is currently parked next to the curb of the Kansas City airport, freshly cleaned and sparkling. Opening the trunk, he tosses his luggage inside carelessly, flinching when he slams it shut too forcefully. He knows Dean is watching him, puzzled by his anger, but he can't help it. Castiel is stressed and tired and just survived the crappiest two weeks he's had in a long time.
Dean's moans and whimpers get inevitably louder when the man, without warning, begins eating him out. Every swipe and lick of his tongue is perfectly calculated for Dean's pleasure, he's so hungry for it.
They don't sleep at first, talking about literally nothing. Castiel enjoys rambling on and on with Dean, he usually learns something and he almost always laughs at least once. Dean's charm reignites the unused muscles in his face as he produces a genuine smile.
Castiel ghosts his fingertips over the small piece of brass, throwing Dean a sad look. Dean is struggling visibly, like he doesn't know how to ask for what he wants.
It’s a very odd phenomenon to mourn your life prior to your own death. Castiel is no stranger to dying, but this new daunting fate he’s been sentenced to feels foreign, somehow much scarier than any of the other times. It’s twisted and calculated and heartbreakingly evil.
Castiel says, his voice full of sass. "It's one of the rare privileges that comes with being our fearless leader."
Dean pulls Castiel closer, letting him know he's listening and agreeing as he vents. And Castiel can't stop now, he needs to tell Dean, needs to tell him the main reason why he's been so on edge, why he's been so distracted lately.
Dean slams his mug down, cutting through the stagnant air and pulling Castiel out of his own head.
Nowhere to go and nothing to do, Castiel ultimately wanders back to his bedroom. He has no idea where this leaves the two of them. Will they talk about it later? Will Dean ignore the whole thing like it never happened? Castiel has zero answers to hundreds of questions and his patience is all used up.
“Okay then…did a boy break up with you?” John rephrased his question.
“Yep, time to go to bed now,” Cas says to himself after his last thought and empties his glass.
With a final breath, Cas raises his hands to the keyboard. Dean knows the piece inside out. For weeks he’s heard Cas play it every single day. He’s probably more familiar with it by now than with any rock song he’s ever been obsessed with.
Cas just lay there, unmoving, his soiled hand up in the air. He didn’t dare to open his eyes as he listened to Dean’s shuffling around in his room, probably putting his clothes back on. Then Dean took his hand and gently wiped his come off with what Cas supposed was a handful of Kleenex.
“Hey, Cas. I brought beer but I can come another time if it’s inconvenient right now.”
and he wonders if he still remembers how it goes. He presses the first key and it’s very clearly wrong.
“Please apologize to the girls for me again,” Cassie said. “Tell them how much I’d have liked to be there and how sad I am to miss it.”
“Poor girl… You must’ve frightened the shit out of her.”
“Legend says she had to endure torture, like removal of the eyes, or that her eyes were as good as new even long after her death.”
About twenty minutes later, the door bursts open and Dean comes bouncing in, overly excited. “Guys! You won’t believe what just happened.”
“Of course we are,” Dean insists. “Cas, tell her we’re cops.”
“Cas, uh, why don’t you take a look around,” Dean suggests then. “Go on, don’t be scared. I’ll catch up with you in a minute.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Cas said softly, looking at the baby in his arms that was sound asleep now.
“Good,” he says and rings the bell.
Dean is about to speak but the girl turns around before he can make a sound and she informs Cas, who is a few feet behind her, “It’s not the pizza guy.”
“Dude’s weird,” Claire says when he’s gone but Cas shushes her. What the fuck was Hannah thinking when she sent him here?
“We’ve still got time,” Cas says and, after putting away his bag, pulls Dean into a hug.
After getting back to his cabin earlier, he spent a long time reflecting on tango class—still is, actually. Dean was surprisingly tame and seemed to have fun, from Cas’s point of view at least, but he doesn’t think Dean was faking the small laughs and the shy smiles.
“School doesn’t start for another three weeks and my summer job is over soon. I was gonna spend the rest of my break with Jess and her family but I don’t think she’d mind if I get there a few days later.”
When he returned to the table, he kissed Dean again after he’d sat down. It had been too long since the last time they had kissed. The right side of his body was tingling with electricity as he felt Dean’s warmth radiating against him. He was in love like he had never been before.
“You can stay here while we’re taking a look,” Sam offers.
The guy huffs in annoyance and proceeds to get dressed.
“I said no.”
He continued how he’d not only had his first time with a guy but also had been forced to come out to his parents in one night.
Cas sat down next to him and Michael wrapped an arm around his shoulders, moving his hand up and down his brother’s arm to comfort him.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that,” Cas said sincerely.
“Hello Dean,” he says, kinda cheerful so Dean deduces the rehearsal must’ve gone well, and gives him a one-armed hug.
“After all these years in this job,” Cain says, “I’m still glad that I work behind the scenes.”
He suddenly becomes aware of Dean watching him. Then Dean’s eyes drop to their neighboring fingers and Cas’s breath gets stuck in his throat.
“Let’s never fight again,” Cas snuffled into Dean’s shoulder.
They agreed to meet again the next day, spend all their weekend together, stay over at each other’s houses and make the most of the time they had left. Dean got goosebumps just imagining it.
“I was just having a conversation. Am I not allowed to talk to people?”
the music, like he’s floating on the same wave of electricity and becoming one with it.
Dean couldn’t really describe why he didn’t like it but he always felt like the angel was watching him. His mother had used to tell him that this was exactly what they were doing, yet Dean was certain she meant they were having an eye on him from their spot on a fluffy cloud in heaven. Not like this particular one, with its dead eyes that looked like it wanted to eat him alive.
“Okay.” Cas brings him to the door and waits for Dean to put his shoes on.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, “but keep it up.” He’s staring at the ceiling as he speaks.
“Okay,” Cas said and took the bottle out of his hand.
Breakfast in the morning was quiet. The atmosphere was so tight it dared to snap if anyone were to open their mouth. Dean’s mother wasn’t aware of what had happened the night before but she noticed how Dean didn’t even acknowledge his father’s presence. He had quickly poured himself and Cas a bowl of cereal and milk and dragged him to sit in the living room, far away from where John was sipping his coffee and reading the newspaper at the kitchen table.
María has prepared a few plates with sausage and cheese and pastries. He wishes her a good morning and takes up on her offer of coffee when she asks.
“I don’t know,” Sam says, “they look very elite to me. Maybe they’re researchers from Oxford or Cambridge.”
Cas looks at Claire, then walks around the car, standing by Dean’s side. “What is it?”
“I mean the panties. You got them from Mrs. Graham, right? They fell out of my pocket when you were in the shower.”
Cas hesitated for a second before tucking into his burger. Dean watched him with a satisfied smile on his face as he took the first bite himself.
The participants line up against the walls and instead of Jody, Dean spots Castiel across the room. Their eyes meet and Castiel’s face darkens. Then the guy next to him whispers something into his ear and Castiel whispers back and why the fuck is Castiel discussing him with strangers!? Then Dean recognizes him as one of his tablemates. Still, Castiel has no business talking shit about him. If he could at least not do this when Dean is right there to see it.
“Yeah, sure,” Cas says and one after another they file into the house.
“What do I do?” Cas asked.
Dean comes closer and when he speaks, close to Cas’s face, his words are barely above a whisper. “I really like you, Cas.”
“You mean she could’ve had a latex allergy? Did she have sex before she died and the guy just took off when he realized the condom didn’t become her?”
Their room was Cas and Ishim’s old one which meant that Dean now lived in the same building as Charlie. Cas turned out to be pretty orderly. He kept his side of the room tidy, he didn’t snore—unlike Benny—and in the morning he was the grumpiest person Dean had ever seen. He learned soon enough that he shouldn't try to talk to him during the first hour after waking up when he didn’t want to be confronted with Cas’s dark side. Dean had started to refer to morning-Cas as Palpatine which made said person furious every time he heard the nickname. Yes, they were having the time of their life together.
“And what caused it?” Cas asked.
“And what rational explanation, if you don’t mind me asking, do you have for the thing touching my knee before?”
“Why?” Chuck says.
He took a few deep breaths to adjust to the thickness, then he made sure Cas was still okay.
“I’m calling the cops now,” Dean announces.
“I’m not sad,” Cas insisted.
“Congratulations, Dean! I’m impressed. But what about Jody?” Charlie asks.
got to taste it.
After handing the sheets of paper back to Mrs. Moseley, Dean holds his breath for what feels like an eternity because her face darkens as she goes through everything. She takes a note but Dean can’t see over the counter what she’s writing. He looks at Cas and he looks tense as well although he’s clearly trying to play it cool.
“I know, dad. Do you hate me now?”
“Then why did you say everything you said this morning?”
“Disgusting,” he says. It’s weird how something can smell so nice yet taste so awful. The world he was born into never ceases to amaze him. From all the worlds he has seen already in his very young life, this one is still his favorite.
Dean’s worried expression changed into a soft smile, moving closer to Cas. “Oh, babe, I’d love to, but I really need to go now,” he said and gave him a light kiss on the lips.
Instead, Dean brings their lips together, kissing him hungrily.
“Got it,” she says, putting sunglasses on her nose and leaning back against her lounger. “But I still think you should learn to get along. Both your behavior is childish.”
His first instinct is to bury his head in the sand and tell Dean to just leave him the fuck alone. He’s always been on his own. But one thing it true, though. He can rely on himself. Maybe he isn’t the best pianist in the world, so what, he’s still fucking good, better than a lot of others who’ve tried and failed even harder.
He passes several souvenir shops, takes a look inside some but doesn’t buy more. There will certainly be other occasions during his trip.
“You’re not much of a talker, aren’t you?” Dean huffs a laugh. “
Cas looks at him, washing his mouth once more.
They danced till the song was over and Dean excused himself from the dance floor. He had been so sure he’d left all this behind him but apparently he was wrong, considering his outburst from earlier. His life was good as it was now, though he couldn’t hold back the occasional thought concerning Cas. And his former best friend being here right now had ripped off the band-aid from his wound way too soon and caused it to bleed again.
I seriously consider writing a
“And I won’t disturb you. I’ll just be sitting here, maybe read one of my textbooks while you play. Besides, you’ll have to perform it in front of other people sooner or later anyway. And it’s not like you’ve never had an audience, right?”
“Are you going on a business trip or something like that?” she asked when Cas was buckling up his seat belt.
“Hi, Missouri,” he says, “I wanted to introduce you to my new friend.” Cas, a few steps behind, seems mesmerized by all the fripperies and shiny objects on various displays or dangling from the ceiling.
“But you’ve thought it.” Cas was gritting his teeth as his eyes were slowly filling with tears.
Dean promptly pulls down the corners of his mouth. “No, I’m not!”
“No, I meant…never mind. Wanna talk about it?”
, that is.” He laughs at his own words.
“Okay, so, you wanna sit down while we finish that beer?”
“Yes, uh, among other things.”
“What the—” he says but shuts up when he sees Dean approaching him.
Sam’s eyes wandered to were Cas was standing. “Oh, hey. Listen, Cas, you should run while you’re safe.”
“Nobody is taking the bed,” Charlie says. “Here.” She begins to push aside one of the chairs and Dean comes to help get the furniture out of the way.
“He said we were going to break up anyway after graduation and why waste our time during a year that’s gonna be very busy for both of us. I told him we hadn’t even talked about what should happen after we’ve graduated. I said we could move in together or anything if that’s what he wanted.”
“Dude,” Gabe wheezes, “we should totally get up there.”
Athena rolls her eyes. “Oh, you’re one of those.”
Gunnar huffed a short laugh. “You’re welcome,” he said and patted Dean’s shoulder. “Good luck with your old man.”
“Oh, yeah,” Charlie says as she notices the awkwardness. “Mr. Masters is the manager and he made it his one condition that we invite Meg along.”
Dean’s chin drops to chest. Cas churns his teeth. His palms are all sweaty on the handle.
“Friends?”
As soon as they’re inside, they fall with their backs against the closed door, panting slightly. Dean meets Cas’s eyes while they’re trying to catch their breaths. He smiles. And then Cas smiles, too, and then they’re both laughing. And then they’re out of breath again, from laughter this time.
“Jesse said they remind him a little of Norman and Norma Bates from
“I’ve been waiting all day to do this,” he breathes against Cas's lips.
“So, what would you like to do first?” Dean says in an effort to finally change from that awful subject. “We’ve got a lot of great museums here I’m sure you’d geek out over. There’s the zoo and, oh, the library. We should definitely check out the library. Or we could get some barbecue to get you into the right mood.”
“You mean from the auto shop?” Claire asks, very enthusiastically, much to her mother’s dismay.
He picks up the envelope and tears a hole into one corner but stops there. “What if I failed?” he asks.
“So, uh,” Dean resumes their conversation from earlier, “I’m curious, I really gotta ask, what’s the deal about you and Meg being exes and, you know, that other dude.”
“Fine, I’ll go with you,” Dean says, “but only because I’m still feeling really bad about yesterday.” He can’t actually be mad at Jody for dragging him into this. Not after embarrassing her like he did. And who knows, maybe it’ll be fun.
“Your career had just hit rock-bottom,” Balt says.
The show does have its lengths, though. At least, there’s a break before the grand finale and then, after everyone’s done applauding, there’s finally some food waiting for him.
“Yeah, I was thinking about having it painted gold,” Cas says.
“Hiya, Jodio!” Or she has.
“Dean, are you sure you won’t stay a little longer?” Sam asks with his trademark puppy eyes that always got him everything when they were kids.
He hooks a hand under one of Dean’s thighs and holds him tight by the small of his back with the other, focusing all his strength into his own thighs and flips Dean onto his back.
“That’ll be nice, thank you, Jody,” Cas agrees and Jody heads for the small kiosk there and returns with three mojitos in plastic cups.
“She said if I was sure about what I wanted, if I was truly certain that this is where I belonged, then it was up to me to decide. And I was certain, Dean, I am certain. About living a human life. About living it with you. I want
Dean takes a deep breath. “I don’t hate you,” he says and Cas smiles.
“Yes,” Dean breathes and Cas brings their lips together once again.
Light floods the lobby of Kauffman Center as Cas strides across the polished marble floor. Rowena set up a meeting between him and violinist Linda Tran who, so he was told, wants to propose cooperation on a project and if there’s one thing Cas needs right now, it’s a steady job.
So, basically, it’s like Dean said. They need to replace most of the insides and completely remodel the dashboard and seats.
“Yes. We’re really much enjoying each other’s company.”
“This wasn’t me, I swear.”
Cas tells her. Aaand he’s showing off again. María is smiling at him as she replies, assumingly complimenting him on his language skills.
“You know what I mean. This has to stop. I have to do something to make the ghost go away.”
“Just say there were intruders at your house and you’re afraid they’d come after you here.”
“You didn’t tell me either!”
When Dean parked the car outside his parents’ house, Hannah had been awaiting them on the front porch and quickly ran down the pathway to welcome them.
Don't you worry, they're about to break the ice!
“I… I don’t know. I haven’t been feeling like myself lately.
“Are you calling me a trophy wife?”
Sam insists, “I haven’t seen you in almost a year and you got married! There’s a lot to talk about. I’ll check the flights and call you back.”
“Because I had to, okay? You don’t have a choice as a kid. They send you there every day and expect you to do well and if you don’t then…well.” Dean wasn’t a particularly good student. He wasn’t dumb but school always seemed negligible. There were more important things in life. Dad wasn’t very happy with this kind of attitude. Sam, on the other hand, was the exact opposite, a nerd, a teacher’s pet.
“Do you let me now?” Dean asked with a gentle smile on his lips.
“Is he homophobic or what?”
“No, he didn’t. I told him.”
“Hey, where did you put our hotel room reservation? You were supposed to make one a few days ago.”
“Cas, why would you do that?”
“Mom, uh…” He leans back on his chair and lets out a long sigh.
He was laid to rest next to his wife on the graveyard Uncle Bobby had used to take them to and Dean came to the conclusion that it was time for him to cut loose from everything that tied him to Kansas—which, honestly, wasn’t much—and return to his roots.
- butt sex, yay!
“No… Well, maybe they could have been a friend, but also, more, you know?”
“Uh, nothing,” Dean mumbled, put the panties back where they belonged and closed the drawer. “Find anything?”
“Excuse me?”
Dean lets out a small laugh. “It’s okay, Cas,” he says, “nothing to be embarrassed about. Can happen to anyone.” He definitely won’t shame Cas for finishing early.
He’s only had a small taste and he’s already addicted. Maybe that’s what it was like for Alice—poor child. Now that she’s gone, Cas feels sorry for her but he’s confident she’s transcended into a better place where she receives all the love she longed for when she was alive.
“Please, Dean. Can we talk?”
“I want you to fuck me,” Cas says then and Dean relaxes, leaning down to him again.
When summer came, Cas finally had the opportunity to do exactly that. He worked on setting up different counseling events and gave Father Jim a hand with spiritual welfare groups.
“Cas-ti-el, my dear friend, would you bother telling me what on earth this is?” Balthazar says, lifting Cas’s left hand.
“Already?” Charlie asks, disappointed. “Well, fine. You obviously couldn’t wait for us with the séance anyway.”
“Cas, what do you say?”
“That’s good to hear, Cas,” Dean says and squeezes his shoulder.
“Well, she is. And Cas is too. You two kinda started off on the wrong foot and the longer I didn’t make things clear, the weirder it got and I didn’t wanna upset you.”
The door breaks and Billie is sucked into the room by the dark force that is the Empty. Dean keeps running, right into Cas and knocking them both to the floor, while Michael has burst into a white light, holding off the black goo that’s coming from the whole in the wall. Dean’s other self has disappeared or he is him now but he still remembers what just happened in the future. The metaphysics of time travel will forever be a mystery to him.
“Yeah, I’ll go with you. I guess we shouldn’t disturb them,” he said with a nod towards the brides.
“Alright. If that’s what you want. But tell me, Cas, where are you planning to go?”
But, for some reason, Dean can’t. Of course he doesn’t want this, he thinks…he
“Hello, Cas. How are you?” she said.
“I assume Dean has told you about me,” Cas says after the woman has received her drink.
“You’re right,” Cas says, “but think of it for a moment. Nowadays it’s more of a children’s day where they dress up and eat pastries. Like Christmas or Easter, the true meaning of her day has lost its value.”
“I don’t know. We could go outside for a bit.”
“I don’t have his number…”
“God, Cas, were you trying to kill me?” Dean said, still trying to stabilize his breathing. He hadn’t moved yet, still lay with Cas underneath him.
“I know,” Dean says, “me neither. Consider this compensation for tango class.”
The guy with the nice ass was sitting on the sofa opposite his.
Dean was torn between looking at what was going on at his own crotch and watching Gunnar’s red hard cock as it was bouncing above him.
“How are you feeling, now that it’s done?” Dean asks then.
“Any explanation for what just happened there?” Dean asks when they reach the car.
He turned his back to the statue and closed his eyes. It was early April and it felt good to feel the sun’s warmth again after the latest stretch of cold and dark days.
Her form has changed into a young woman’s in a long white dress. She must have been beautiful when she was human but now her face is gaunt and gray.
“Are you lost?” Dean says. Coincidence is not what he would call their encounter.
There’s no doubt Cas would prefer to sleep with someone he actually likes. Someone who he can talk to and who feels that they can talk to him—which, obviously, is not the case with Dean—but he might be able to make an exception for him…just once.
“Are you saying you want me to leave…now?” Dean presses forward.
Dean sighs. “You’re right. I’m sorry, Jody. I’m usually not acting so childish.”
“Hey, um,” he said loudly and cleared his throat. Then he moved closer to Dean and stood beside him. Dean gave him a
“Mom is giving me the house,” Dean says after a short pause.
“Yeah. For underwear, to be exact,” Dean stated proudly.
Anyway, yesterday was an exciting day and Dean isn’t really surprised by how exhausted he was.
Both proceed to step in at the same time but then Dean lets her go first. This trip is already a disaster.
Dean starts to panic a little on the inside. Moving to the couch means getting horizontal and getting horizontal means… Not that he’s completely unaffected by their making out. On the contrary.
“After the wedding Dean told me what happened between you. In college, I mean.”
“So, what are we gonna do now?” Dean asks then. “Watch some chick flick, braid Claire’s hair?”
“Dad’s telling me what a great wife you’d make,” Dean deadpanned.
“It’s not your fault,” Cas said.
“Charlie, you look beautiful!” Cas said as he walked right into her welcoming embrace.
Dean’s eyes flicked to the wings on Castiel’s back. He reached out a hand but stopped before touching them. “May I?”
“Yeah, I like it, too,” Dean says and walks over to him. “Have you read H.P. Lovecraft?” The guy frowns. “No? Well, you should. If you’re into that kind of thing, that is.”
“Yeah, good idea,” Cas agrees.
They’re really good but
However, he doesn’t say it out loud. Dean’s got a hard time getting to terms with his own feelings and Cas doesn’t want to overwhelm him with his on top of that. And he doesn’t want Dean to feel used by confessing his love right after they fucked for the first time. He’d love Dean regardless. But would Dean believe him? He’s still insecure about his newly discovered sexuality after all.
“Don’t feel guilty. I asked you to stay with me because I wanted to.”
“Am I boring you?” Benjamin says.
“Son,” Chuck acknowledges him.
“Benny, no, absolutely not!”
“Hello, Charlie,” he says. They’ve loosely stayed in touch since his first time on board. “It’s good to see you again.”
“Hey, uh,” he says, dropping his hands on Sam’s shoulders, standing behind his chair, “I promised Cas to show him around the house earlier. Would you guys be alright with that?”
Cesar, Jesse and Cas search each other’s eyes for confirmation that they’re not alone in finding this a bit strange and yes, they’re definitely all on the same page.
It's getting emotional, guys.
“Don’t apologize, Dean,” Gunnar told him, looking for something to wipe his hand on. “You fucked me well enough.”
Sam rushes to help him but is, too, flung across the room.
“I was asking what you think of it?”
“Hey Charlie,” Cas said after a while. “I was thinking… So you’re a girl.”
“Well, this fits Tanya’s description of a she-thing,” Dean says and hands the note over to Cas.
“Dean, calm down. It’s just a shirt,” Jody says. Dean knows damn well it’s just a fucking shirt but it’s ruined because of this asshole.
“Ketch,” he says, “Arthur Ketch. Oh, I would love to have one of these. Just tell me a price.”
“You’re right, Dean. I know.” Then she clutched Cas’s arm. “Just don’t take John seriously, okay?” Cas nodded shyly. “Good night, you two.”
Chuck claps his hands together. “What if we skip the therapy session and come right to the point?”
The silence that follows feels thick as jelly and the sudden thought of food—peanut butter and jelly sandwich—evokes a grumble from Cas’s stomach and his face flushes from embarrassment as Dean lets out a laugh.
“See ya!”
Next goes their underwear and Dean takes the lube bottle from Cas and pours a small amount on his hand. He wraps his hand around Cas’s erection and, slowly, pumps him a few times, eliciting beautiful sounds from him.
“And where will that be?”
“They weren’t burnt so we can rule out angels.”
“So, when did you decide to help us with the case?” Dean asks Cas later in the car.
“Why? What happened?”
“I am,” Cas says and Dean realizes his hand is resting on Cas’s hip, just where fish scales and skin begin to blend into each other. Quickly, he draws it back.
“Hello, Dean. Sam,” he says, briefly peeking around the corner, then, “I’m taking a shower.”
He’s so glad for him to be back performing and Cas obviously has a good time. As the show goes on, Dean detects a hint of a smile every now and then when they get to what Dean knows are Cas’s favorite parts. He’s played them over and over at home, even though he had already perfected them.
birthday.
“Sorry, Cas. My parents are expecting me. Gotta go,” she said and quickly pecked his cheek.
“And?”
Getting rid of their clothes is an entire mess but eventually they get where they wanted to—being naked, on the bed, without a single piece of fabric between them.
“Then that’s great for you, I guess. Just be careful.”
“A Ouija board?” Cas realizes. “Where did you get that?” The carton looks old and battered.
Cas grinds his teeth. “Thanks, I rather watch you guys.”
“I like your mom,” Cas spoke into the dark when they were both lying in their respective beds. “And Sam.”
“No, that I can’t,” Dean says, “but I can tell you when you’re getting on our nerves. So go brush your teeth and then do whatever—in your room.”
Diego says and Dean is eager to try it next.
Cas hesitates. He takes a deep, calming breath and pushes himself off the chair. Gladly, he lands on his feet but, on instinct, plunges to the side just as his soles hit the floor and the stack of chairs comes crashing down next to him, barely missing the video camera.
It turns out that his brother is already up but if he’s seen what they were doing outside, he doesn’t comment on it.
“Yes, and don’t forget to wear comfortable clothing,” Cesar says.
“I don’t know. I could end up in prison and you would get deported anyway.”
“Don’t say that,” he whines.
“No, she’s going to Notre Dame. But we’re trying a long distance relationship. I mean, we’re supposed to be studying anyway, so I think it’s for the best if we’re not distracting each other all the time. We still have the summer break. And we got to spend time together during the Christmas holidays.”
“Okay, you’re right. Sorry.”
Lying on his fuzzy bedside rug made his head spin more than when he’d been sitting upright and Dean rocking his hips in a rhythm with his hand did nothing to ease his dizziness. He hadn’t noticed himself beginning to hump against thin air but Dean obviously had and nudged a knee between his legs to provide him with friction.
Sam didn't answer at first, thinking over the newest bombshell in what was sure to be several days of pure firestorm. Finally, he stood back up, setting his water on one of the tool tables they'd scrounged up for the job. "I appreciate the choice, Dean, I really do. But I'm going."
"How's it going up there?" Sam turned in the passenger seat, side-tracking Andy's thoughts.
-o-o-o-
Dean didn't answer right away, lip twitching with indecision. Knowing that any lie of who they were would only cause them more grief when Gordon actually found out, he said, "Dean Winchester. This's my brother, Sam."
"I don't know." His voice was thick with something Sam could only compare to mourning, though he knew it wasn't quite the right fit. He didn't know what the story was with the angel, only that he had sent Dean back. But he recognized the emotion in his brother's words enough to know they must have been close.
And he was still shaking, even in Dean's extra layers. That wasn't all from fear. Andy was pale – too pale – and had spent hours in near freezing temperatures in nothing but a t-shirt and what looked like significant blood loss. He needed help. They needed to get him help. "I won't do it."
Dean kept moving, back and forth and back and forth, and Sam couldn't help but mutter under his breath about who was having the panic attack. Dean shot his brother a nasty glare (and gee wasn't it
This wasn’t a normal case, he had no idea what he would even change – what he should change – if he could change anything at all.  It sucked so badly.
Crowley balked.  At first, because he thought the beast was joking.  And then again when he realized that was not the case.  He stared at the thing in both shock and disgust.  “Well, aren’t we greedy,” he mocked, eyeing the enormous monster from head to tail.  “Perhaps you should reconsider, darling.  You’re starting to get a bit chubby.”
"Oh."
Through it all, Jo looked over at Dean and smiled. Smiled, like it was just another night, just another gathering of friends and family. Dean caught the look and couldn't have stopped the warmth that blossomed in his chest if he tried.
This chapter got a slightly better edit than last chapter (and oh boi, I re-read that one and gaaaah the errors in are just…. I could tell which sentences I added post-edit because there were full-on missing words every time. Every damn one. Good god Gertrude) but it's likely there's still some things I missed.
Sam raised a brow, but Andy just grinned up at him. At exactly the twenty second mark – and Sam was counting silently in his head – there was a shout from outside, followed by a grunt and then what sounded like all Hell breaking loose. Andy winked at him with that same grin and walked over to the door just as it swung inward.
Then a hand wrapped around his ruined throat, slick and slippery in the blood and split flesh.
The silence of the slowly bubbling blood was agreement enough from the Princess. After a moment, she asked, much more reasonably than any previous tone so far in the conversation, "What are we going to do about the angels?"
He unclenched and clenched his fingers. That vibration was still there, just beneath the skin. It was faint, and its weakness left an empty feeling flowing through his veins that begged to be filled, to be renewed. And he knew what renewed it, knew what that hollow feeling throughout his body wanted. It terrified him beyond anything he'd ever faced before.
While only a revelation to Asa and Bucky (and that's what all this tension was about? Premonitions?! Bucky had a grandmother that was more dangerous than a psychic who happened to see death a little prematurely), the kitchen remained thick with unspoken questions. The Harvelles didn't know if there was more to Sam's abilities than they'd previously been told and were now starting to wonder. Given the little black rainclouds hovering over the Winchester's heads (and Bobby's too, though it was hard sometimes to tell what was new raincloud versus the usual grumpy raincloud always floating over his ball-capped head), it seemed likely there was more to this story. After all, both boys had kept the details of their powers (or just Sam's powers now? Who knew what was going on with Dean or the game he was playing) largely to themselves. And neither Harvelle woman had ever been told the origin of those abilities. With the implication that Andy was somehow a similar case, maybe even linked…. Well, the hunting gears were turning and churning out nothing good.
Turning back to them, Astarte saddled up to the hunter, cupping her hand around his neck and causing Castiel to tense at the sight of it. It was clear that she had fed on him already and a repeat act was not one Castiel could allow to happen, let alone be forced to watch. The goddess drew the hunter close, though she hardly had to work at it. Dean went willingly, that smile stretched across his face in a dreamy manner that both infuriated and solaced Cas. Dean's mind was far away, that much was very clear, and as helpful as it might have been to have his friend's cunning brilliance and luck right now, it would be far worse for Dean to be awake through this.
"Like I said," Dean decided to spare Ellen the chick-flick moment she couldn't have possibly have meant to walk into, "Gordon's an
A beer popped into his vision and Dean's head snapped up. Asa was standing in front of him with that friendly smile of his. The older Winchester cleared his throat and took the beer with an appreciative nod, stowing his crap as far back in his head as he could manage.
"Here, look through these. I've been researching every girl that's ever died or gone missing from Ashland Street. Tell me if you recognize anyone."
: With this arc wrapped up, we’re headed back to Cold Oak to rescue Ava.  But Cas needs some time to self-heal since Plan Trust-Uriel-To-Do-It didn’t go so well, and the boys desperately need sleep and a break they can’t afford to take.  So first we’re headed for Bobby’s.  Luckily, the boys aren’t alone; they have Roadhouse connections too, maybe a couple that would be willing to head towards Cold Oak for them.
"Like you got lucky knowing I was Holmes' type?"
Dean's brow pinched in thought before he'd gotten the question fully out. He glanced around. The hallway wasn't a particularly busy one, but there was still the odd visitor or nurse passing through, none of which paid any attention to the two of them. "Are you…Are you a ghost, too? Can angels even be ghosts?"
"That is entirely untrue. I am an Angel of the Lord. No stone would damage me. Your decision to come to my aid was foolish." Castiel reached up with her standard two-finger touch and Dean let out a relieved breath as that familiar healing warmth flooded his back.
"Nothing, Sammy."
“Sam, you went catatonic,” Meg argued, looking up at him as he managed to stand, only slightly listing to the side as his head began to clear.  “You had some kind of fit.”
“Do you think Mary’s spirit really saved the boys?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Okay," Ellen started with the very distinct mom tone that called for a change in direction. It was obvious Dean wanted no part in the possible pity party headed his way. She couldn't blame him, even if her heart hurt for the man who so clearly expected harsh judgement from those around him more than their sympathy. "So…don't sell your soul this time."
"That's great!" Andy exclaimed, completely ignorant to the poor, shaking kid's internal trauma. His smile brightened, gaze sliding over to Amanda. "See, I told you, we don't
a release of sorts, even if it wasn't nearly enough of one. Only killing the bastard for real would be, he figured.
"You're not wrong." The words were out of Dean Winchesters mouth before Bucky even finished apologizing, leaving the older man to stare at him, eyes wide and eyebrows up in surprise. Dean was still clenching his jaw, but there hadn't been any heat in his words, just bitter frustration Bucky got a feeling wasn't because of him.
Castiel finished off the creature who floated, dumbfounded, beside him and had intended to end his life only seconds ago. It went down with a gargle and a fizzle. The angel lowered his blade to his side, turning to the flight commander with military discipline.
He spun in an agitated circle. Sam waited it out, Andy glancing between him and Jo, before asking, "What do we do now?"
Dean hung up with a quick, "Yeah, we got it. Thanks, Bobby," and tucked the phone into his pocket, leaning back in his seat to do so. Across from him, typing away on his computer in the internet café they were camped out at, Sam raised a brow.
The angel tilted his head to the side. "McLaren Flint Hospital, fifth floor."
"Uriel!" Zachariah barked, causing the other angel to come to a formal stop in recognition of his superior. "Where is Castiel?"
Sam kicked at a loose pebble, watching it scatter. "His best bet is with us."
“Impossible,” the girl dismissed flippantly.
"They were glowing," Sam confirmed with a nod, wincing at the pain spiking through his temples. He couldn't get that single eye out of his head. Fierce, bitter, so
Little Dean shouted at the same time his bigger head rebuked, '
She was reading the page again, which included a thorough description of how to make the bag, with all its ingredients and even the necessary incantation. Chuck didn't really know why he'd written it out in that much detail – he usually kept all the magic and hoodoo a lot vaguer – but it just seemed important at the time.
shoot the angel as soon as he got the chance.
"Alright then," Andy muttered again, finally letting some of his own annoyance bleed through. He turned away from the obnoxious guy, much preferring the company of Amanda and Scott, despite the fact that Scott was about half a second from a full freak out.
"But is he gonna bring half of Heaven back with him when he comes?" Bobby asked. Dean tensed again and Sam shot him a glare, to which he just shrugged in a
– could land him back in this Naomi's hands. Where no one would listen, or those that would might join him in his punishment. He needed safety. Sanctuary. He needed… he needed…
Season 2: Chapter 56
His words trailed off, the jovial mood still there, but dampened somehow. Sam paused in his tugging, eyeing his brother's legs at the lapse in story.
"Sammy, please.
She made Dean feel so, so good.
The hunter sucked in a slow breath, feeling his lungs expand almost to the point of pain before he let it back out. Uriel's angel blade was firmly gripped in his dominant hand, laying across his chest where Cas's hand had been before he'd fallen asleep. Dean raised his arm to stare at the silver, unearthly metal that still managed to glint in the low light.
Alright, enough A/Ns, let get this story rolling!
Sam could still see a shadowy figure in the distance, searching the tree-line a hundred feet away. But given the lack of light in the lot behind this block of buildings, Sam doubted the Croat would spot them, even if they climbed out into the open right now.
Not that that ever stopped a Winchester.
"Give me your phone." Her voice was still rough, but she gestured with her hand when Azazel merely stared at her. "I know you have one. Give it to me."
“Pretty damn.”
, alright? That was
He spread his arms as much as he could while cuffed, as if to say, '
"Yeah." Sam's voice, still quiet, said as much, but he didn't outright call it out. He lolled his head to the side to meet Dean's eyes. "We can at least try it, right?"
“I suppose this is goodbye…”  Layla pulled away from Sam after a moment, glancing between the two of them hesitantly.  “Mom and I went to the doctor.  She- I….I haven’t run like I did back there in….in years.”
"Oh, yes you do!" Angela laughed, then immediately stopped laughing when she realized Dean wasn't. He was serious. Oh dear lord, he was serious. Big, blue eyes stared at him in shock. "Wait, you really don't know?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean was shaking his head, hand raised and he just needed God – Chuck – to stop talking. "What does all this have to do with what's happening
"I think she's one of us. One of Azazel's kids," his brother continued, voice dropping lower and Dean realized that Sam hadn't just meant at the motel. Whoever this newcomer was, she was in the room with the younger Winchester. Dean's stomach knotted. His grip on the phone tightened even further, his other hand sliding into his coat pocket to wrap around the Impala's keys. Screw waiting around for Rachel; the angel could find him once he made sure Sammy was safe.
His heart sank, but he realized, of course. Of course Cas wouldn't want to listen to his friggin' rapist moan his name in his sleep while he got off on a dream of him. God, Dean wanted to throw up, and he staggered back a step, turning away. "O-Of course. Sure, right, that- um…Right.
I honestly couldn't help myself. Her name was always going to be 'Stephanie' because what else would you hear if you misheard "Persephone" said in a crowded bar? And her going to Chuck as someone in the publishing industry? Ha! Yeah, her last name was a given from the start. Tom's an asshole XD
Thanks for sticking with me and for your understanding, guys. I really appreciate it. There's still tons to come and we're (I'm) not done yet! :)
Dean was quiet for several moments, staring off away from the river and the world and his brother. "Then we'll find the Colt."
A reel of
Sam glanced at his brother, sitting in a chair beside Angela's lifeless form, just staring at her. His lips were moving still – had been ever since Cas left them – so the younger Winchester knew he was uttering those desperate, pleading, increasingly-angry prayers for the angel to return. The broken handcuffs, a parting gift from the Rivergrove Sheriff's department, were still locked securely around his damaged, raw wrists. The wounds had stopped bleeding, but they would need to get those bracelets off to clean and wrap the skin.
"Of course,
Did he know something? Was he somehow a part of it? Was he just
Sam came charging out of the house only minutes after he'd gone charging in, and Dean prepared himself for the reaming of a life time. It would probably be very similar to the first time Sam had figured out what he'd agreed to. Of course, he knew he'd gotten of fairly light for that, given that the deed was done, there was nothing Sammy could do about it, and he didn't care what it cost.
"So, Bobby," Dean began a little warily, starting off slow. "With Andy laid up, we need to find him a safe place to hole up, at least 'till we can get him back on his feet."
Both angel and human turned at the third voice as Sam came out of the bathroom, a washcloth in hand that he was wiping his face with. Dean frowned at him. The droplets on his skin might have passed for the kid washing his face as he often did in the morning, but Dean knew the signs of fear in his brother too well to ignore that Sam had likely woken up sweating bullets and washing his face had nothing to do with a morning routine.
The sound of the .223 caliber subsonic bullet leaving his Heckler and Koch SL8 sniper rifle was nothing more than a pop in the air. A shame, really. The crack of thunder that came from an unsuppressed rifle was one of the world's damned finest sounds, in Gordon's opinion. The bullet flew true; the time between leaving the barrel and impacting its target was a fraction of a second. His prey hit the blood-spattered pavement with a lifeless thud before Gordon was even done lamenting the silence of the kill.
. "We just need to do a routine system update. Make sure this branch's monitors are good to go."
"It's not about that," Dean argued back, running a hand roughly across his scalp as he struggled, once more, to put his reasoning (perfectly valid reasoning, thank you very much) into words that didn't make him sound like a total ass. "You're right, you don't need protection. I wasn't protecting you
He was pretty sure the snort he heard came from Andy, but given the way his vision whited out for a second, Dean didn't actually know. The Tanner kid delivered a punch right to his kidneys for that little move, and the hunter found himself bent involuntarily in half, harboring his side.
?" Appalled, Andy shuddered and mourned for the poor, deprived man in front of him. His friend. How had he let his own friend go on living such an incomplete and meaningless life? Beside him, hooking the blood bag back up, Sam rolled his eyes affectionately. "Dude. You say my television education sucks. You're not even allowed to talk to me anymore."
-o-o-o-
Mostly when he woke up after a particularly hot and heavy dream and realized what had woken him was the sound of the bunker door shutting behind Cas. Who had clearly overheard him once more. The walls in the bunker were thick, sure, but Cas was an angel.
She eyed him up and down like a particularly unappealing bug in a specimen jar. "Not Mexico."
The younger Winchester sat in the front seat, a flask of holy water in the side door and a sawed-off under his feet.  Despite the urge to keep it in his lap, ready at a moment’s notice, there was no need to freak Jess out more by calling attention to it.
Weird.
Now I'm sitting here like…Okay, you…you're a good writer, Silence. You can write this dream sequence without your notes. It doesn't matter that it's literally the dream sequence half your audience requested after you told them chest!Cas and present!Cas could talk to one another. It's- it's fine. It's totally fine. You- you don't need those notes. You got this.
His brother's grip on his limb tightened painfully. "You haven't even met the man."
It came with no fanfare. Dean went back to work almost before the final syllable was out, as if he hadn't spoken to begin with. It left Sam standing there for a solid thirty seconds, wondering if he hallucinated it.
"Protection, huh?" Ava took the last three steps hesitantly, but did reach out and take the weapon. It was clear by her awkward grip on both hilt and sheathed blade that she had no idea what to do with it. "I told you, the only protection I need is from my future Mother-In-Law."
The possessive gesture was an unmistakable challenge for Yellow Eyes. It was also enough to make him leer at the hunter and completely miss the way Sam reached around his father's waist, fingers finding purchase along the hilt of the Colt tucked in the waistline of John's jeans. He withdrew the weapon from his father's back, swinging his shoulder around. In one fluid motion, he brought his arm up, cocked and leveled the gun on the yellow eyed demon, and squeezed the trigger.
off my footing."
"Well, shit," Ramsey Masters – a dunce of a man, but build like a brick shithouse – shook his head in disbelieve. "No wonder he hid those boys away. Bet John didn't want
?" the hunter hissed, leaning forward against the table to gape at the fuzzy caterpillar perched on Andy's upper lip. It didn't quite look glued on, but it also wasn't even, either. And it didn't remotely match his brown mop of hair.
Sarge's whining finally caught Andy's attention and he pulled the ear buds out of his head to notice the German Shepherd standing at the entrance to the panic room, tail tucked, head ducked, and eyes looking about as uncertain as Andy had ever seen them. Sarge was nothing if not stalwart most of the time.
"Oh, you'll wish that's all we did to you, Winchester."
Yes, Balthy is alive! Most of you guessed that he was ;) I really appreciate many of you mentioning that while you disliked his decision not to interfere, it was also in-character of him. It wasn't an easy decision for me to write him that way so I appreciate hearing it. I like Balthazar and I loved his friendship with Cas. What I want in this story is more of that, so it was hard keeping him as his early-asshole-self. (We'll get there eventually :D)
Azazel raised his hand and, were they human, it might be easy to misinterpret his intentions. A passerby might think he was readying to slap her. Instead, the demon twisted his wrist in an elegant little swirl and the thin gold chain from the motel reformed, this time around her neck, a length of slack dipping between them to connect to his wrist in a delicate little loop.
While he was still trying to figure out how (
His brother didn’t answer, just continued down the dirt road through fields and farmland.  They passed a picturesque farmhouse, white curtains framing every window, backlit with warm yellow light.  They drove for another ten minutes, with Jess in the backseat praying she wasn’t about to find out her boyfriend was a reluctant serial killer, egged on by the anti-religious delusions of his brother.  Or any variation of that nightmare.
I think even if you all hadn't offered up some of the damn best, most amazing, heart-warming, chest-feather-puffing comments I've ever received, I'd still love you all enough to forfeit Avengers fanfiction for a night.  But, just so you all know, that like button might be broke form how hard you all pushed it.  I'm running out of chest-feathers, I preened so hard (...why did that sound dirty?)
A weak voice from up ahead, calling for help, interrupted the conversation. Both hunters glanced at each other as the cry repeated, asking if anyone was there, in a scratchy, tired, female voice. Jo and Dean took off running.
For a moment, Weber only stared at him and Andy thought, maybe. Maybe he'd gotten through.
What? No, shit, wait, that's not what he meant to say. Sam and Bobby were sending him weird looks now, and he racked his brain for actual words so he could try again.
"He's going to crash." The doctor turned towards Sam. Before the young man could ask him what the hell he meant, he yelled d at the top of his lungs, "CODE BLUE!"
In fact, almost everyone Dean had ever interacted with for more than a day in his life seemed to possess that tone.
) included moments when Dean had to turn around as fast as he possibly could (almost tripping over the chair he'd been sitting in only a few minutes ago, catching himself on the armrests and then very deliberately picking it up and moving it several feet away like that had been his plan all along and he'd only added almost-tripping-and-killing-himself for the extra flair) when Cas starting doing things like pulling back the blankets and unbuttoning her slacks with
His airway must still be partially clear.
, before anyone else could do it. Asa had probably well been on his way, but coming from Ellen it wasn't defensive or accusatory. It just was. The woman had power that way Dean would never understand (or ever be able to emulate).
“Find her, Sam!”  He stumbled with a gasp, putting a hand to the side of his head.  God, he had a killer headache.  He heard his brother smash a mirror, and then another, calling out to Mary, daring her to go into the one they needed.  But Dean couldn’t focus. His head felt like it was swimming in a damn punch bowl.  He fell to his knees and the crowbar clattered to the ground.
“So.”  He stood up with a grin.  “We grabbing breakfast, or what?”
In response to Bobby’s gruff input, Sam had wrapped his hand around hers, thumb rubbing against her skin in what was supposed to be comforting circles.  “It’ll keep him distracted – away from you and your mom.”
"If we're not back by then, you call Bobby. Speed dial two." At the words (bossy demand), Andy gave him a look and Dean rolled his eyes, realizing his word choice wasn't spectacular in this situation. "Text him. Whatever. You get a hold of him, he'll come get you. He's seven hours out. And kid, I don't care if we have to break you out of a hospital, you think you're gonna pass out, you call 911 and get an ambulance on its way. You hear me?"
Fuck Plan F, Plan C was where it was at.
Dean grabbed his coat, Baby's keys jingling softly in one of the pockets, and slipped out the door. He was gonna get a message to Cas. That was all. If it didn't work…well, that would be it. One and done. One try, Dean told himself as he closed the door as quietly as possible, hunching his shoulders against the frigid Indiana night. One try, and if it didn't work then he'd come right back, maybe with Sam none the wiser.
They could get a friend of a friend of a hunter's other friend to make an anonymous call, need be. Something that could never be tracked back to the Winchesters or any of their known associates. Between their Roadhouse contacts and Bobby's, that shouldn't be too difficult.
"I killed him."
Castiel's breath quickened as the hunter tore apart the last of the restraints binding his being. Grace flowed back into his wings with the sudden freedom, into each of his limbs and all of his being. Without hesitation, Castiel shot forward, wrapping himself around Dean in the kind of grip reserved for raising a soul from Perdition.
"She just needs rest," he added needlessly, for his own reassurance as much as his brother's.
"A trickster?" Sam's voice rose in surprise. They'd never run into a trickster before. They were old and powerful, usually pagan gods or half-gods. Through no fault of his own, the younger Winchester was intrigued. Dean could tell, given his deadpan return glare. Sam cleared his throat, trying to look a little less curious. He failed. "What, uh, what happened last time?"
He didn't exactly have time to address any of it accept the last one, though, so Dean shoved the rest aside for now. They could dig into it later. As long as Cas didn't start acting like Lucifer-Possessed-Cas had acted, Dean would forgive him some changes until they had time to talk about this whole shadow-memory-chest-taxi-bomb thing.
“No!” Dean shook his head firmly, voice absolute.  He finally looked at his brother, his eyes fierce.  “That’s not what I said.”
"Demons?" The look Cas gave was shrewd and suspicious; it caught Dean by surprise. The angel stared up at him like
"You can't, can you?" Dean offered, since Cas looked like he was struggling to say anything at all.
: For anyone on FF.net as well as this site, you may have noticed this story posted almost 24 hours ago over there.  That would be because AO3 just stopped working on my laptop at 2am and I still very much needed to go to bed.  So I went to bed thinking I'd be able to post it in the morning.  Nope!  Still down on the laptop.  But on my way to my parents, I realized it was working on my phone.  Cue the desperate scramble to edit and post on this stupid two-thumbed device.  But I got it done!  I was so proud of myself.  And then I hit "post" just as we pulled into a parking garage and lost all service.  The story never posted and that was my last chance until mother friggin' *now* to get it up today.
"Okay, time for a car ride, little brother." Dean leaned down, grabbing Sam beneath his arms and pulling upwards. Sam struggled to help – mostly doing the opposite, but not much could be blamed on the poor kid at that moment, especially considering he'd just saved their asses – and Dean staggered beneath his weight. It equalized as Castiel stepped up to Sam's other side, slinging one long arm over his significantly shorter shoulders and sparing Dean a glance that didn't last long.
So he was a little worked up, alright? Which, apparently in dreamland, meant shouting in circles at his best friend. (Not that he'd cop to it, of course. He might be willing to own up to it in his head, but out loud, Cas definitely started this. Dean just finished it. Yeah, he was going with that.)
"Dean?" Gordon let out another low chuckle that set Sam's teeth on edge. "Oh, Dean's dead."
Okay, so his voice may have cracked at the end there and this was definitely not any better than the last bunch of shit he
Clumsily, Chuck started to clear a space on the coffee table, scattering empty Red Bull cans and liquor bottles and hastily stacking dishes to the side until he had room enough to perch awkwardly on the edge. He tucked his hands in his lap, then beneath his thighs, then back in his lap, twiddled his thumbs together and hoped he wasn't making a complete fool of himself. He was fairly certain that, too, was a fool's hope.
"We'll figure it out, alright?" Dean offered his friend a weak smile. "We always do, don't we?"
go well."
-construction.
twenty something to Bucky's late thirties, so, yeah, the
Dean didn’t bother holding back his anger at that version of Cas, cursing him out in his head.  So called angels, protectors of ‘God’s greatest creation’ his ass.  Couldn’t even spare a moment to heal the fucking savior of the planet.
So he moved on.  Heaven was out.  Hell wasn’t an option, at least not yet. (
Dean didn't even know how long he stood there, just watching the rise and fall of the woman's chest. He told himself he did it to match his own breathing, to make sure he didn't start freaking out again. He told himself it was like before, back in the first days they'd hooked Angela up and Dean was terrified she'd stop breathing and they'd have killed some innocent woman. He was just making sure she kept breathing. That they both just kept breathing.
) – as he started his search for his father on the current floor, though he was pretty damn sure the man had enough smarts not to summon a demon right under his sons' noses. He'd most likely go for the roof or the basement, if this place even had one.
"Okay, well…" Sam trailed off, clearly still thinking through all the ways this idea could go horribly, horribly wrong. (There were many. Dean had counted, gotten past three, given up counting, and accepted he was probably just gonna wing it anyway). In the end, Sam just shrugged. "If you think it's worth a shot, we might as well try."
"We've got to get her upstairs!" Sam dug his arms under Angela's torso, pulling her from Dean's lap while getting his feet under him. But Bobby's grip, hard on his bicep, stopped him. Sam stared at the older hunter, whose eyes were equally wide with yet another terrifying realization.
Dean uncrossed his ankles as his brain slowly started to catch on, bit by bit. He set the beer down on the counter. Cas was still talking, pauses in his words like he was listening to someone else speak in the in-betweens. Dean finally pinned down just what the hell all this was as Cas answered a question no one had said aloud, but Dean remembered asking years ago. He remembered Cas's answer, too, which the angel delivered word for word.
On top of his brother acting downright weird, demons apparently wanted his girlfriend dead and his head on a stick (or something equally confounding), Jess’s parents had been attacked and the family was irreparably scarred for life, the five-day road trip from exhaustive hell had culminated in the realization that Sam was likely never going back to school nor marrying the girl of his dreams, and now Dean had up and left with nothing more than a worrisome text about having a plan to ‘fix everything.’
Dad’s journal was in a box in the evidence locker of the Jericho Police Department.
"So…did you find him?" Dean asked.
A lifetime ago, Sam would have teased her for her delinquent days and she would have slid right up to him and whispered that she’d show him something delinquent alright.
Dean knew what was coming.  Even in a new timeline, in a hospital he’d never been in after a fight he’d never fought first time around, he could see what was coming.
"Coming here was a good call," he said, offering Dean a hand up off the dusty ground. Bobby, standing next to them, had his arms crossed over his chest and an unhappy look on his face. The younger Winchester gave him a grateful look for the home base he seemed always willing to provide, however grumpily. "Demons already know how often we stop here. Good a place as any to 'lose' a tracking device."
The older Winchester sighed and wished, not for the first time, definitely not for the last, that he wasn't having this conversation. "I'm not saying we let it open."
-o-o-o-
Thunder cracked across the space and Dean started, eyes shooting up to the firework bursting in a shower of red sparkles between them and the Baku. The projections of his dreams suddenly stilled, turning their gazes as one towards the burst of light, and a couple even oohed and awed at the show.
opening Purgatory. We're having enough trouble with one Hell Gate!"
-o-o-o-
Sam spun at the whisper, slimy and coming from their right. The demon was already gone, but the granules of salt shifted in the breeze of his disappearance. John managed to firm up the line and hold the makeshift bandage to his son.
Dean stared at the diner menu for the third time, but nothing really looked good. Which was absurd. It was his usual fair, all of it, all the things he normally loved. But he just…wasn't hungry. Also ridiculous. Ever since that stupid black hole in his chest had sprung back up, it was like all of Dean's torso and internal organs were busy being sucked into the damn thing. A constant reminder of what wasn't there anymore.
Sheridan slammed his palm down on the table between them. Diana jumped, but Dean didn't move a muscle. He just shifted those dangerous green eyes up to the man he sure hoped would die the same pathetic death this time around. The detective's veins throbbed with how hard he was clenching his jaw.
But the demon just stumbled back to her feet, grabbing at her bent head and untwisting the mangled vertebrae with a sickening series of cracks. Her eyes flicked black as she stalked towards Dean with murder in those soulless depths.
Shit. He should have known he didn't have the supply to
"And yet, you look exactly like someone who just saw one." Diana hardly looked amused by his quip. Dean tapped his heel against the leg of the chair and, with a one-shouldered shrug, amended, "It's a death omen, if you wanna talk technicalities."
This was going to end, Jess and her family were going to be safe, and he damn well knew what was needed to do it.
It was the right foot this time, tripping over an exposed root, that almost sent him down on his ass. This time, though, the little girl caught up with him. Andy cried out as he gained four new, freshly bleeding wounds across his thigh. He knew from experience now that they weren't serious, but they
early morning. One of the things he'd expected to put a little pressure on when he visited Rapid City later that day was the last of the evidence processing from Cold Oak. He wasn't expecting much from it, but he couldn't dot those i's or cross those t's until it was all back.
Someone – a woman – screamed. Heat flooded him and it was too much and then he was screaming too. The grip on his arm was fucking
"Don't know what you mean." His own flashlight swept the walls and dark tunnel in front of them.
"Castiel…" the Dominion spoke slowly, as if he hadn't expected an answer from the angel he'd been hollering for among the endless halls of the Archival building. His third head, resembling that of an Earth lion, glanced around, but didn't seem to find what he was looking for in the handful of other angels milling about in their duties, several of them casting the group curious or speculator looks. All four faces focused back on the Power, grace shifting into a higher saturation of suspicion. "How long have you been here?"
(Or, as the Rapid City homicide detective liked to remind him, the 'destruction of evidence' when it came to burning the bodies, as they had absolutely no proof that the Winchesters had murdered anyone or even been present for the crime. Detective Gray's money was on the three victims murdering each other. Henriksen thought Detective Gray was an idiot).
Sam's eyebrow climbed slowly, challenging.
Peter Sheridan stormed into interrogation to a wide eyed Dean Winchester staring at the far wall like he'd just seen a ghost. But Sheridan didn't care about that. No, all he cared about was that this piece of shit, this asshole who knew a hell of a lot more than he should, had just facilitated his brother's escape. Pete didn't know how, but damn it, he knew he had. He knew it.
– that he'd had been about to say himself.
. And I'm gonna keep trying until I figure it out, alright? I- I'm not giving up on us. I just, I need you not to give up, too. I need you to stay. I know it's asking a lot, especially with what I did- with what happened."
He could hear the way Sam was barely holding back a snigger and shot him a dirty glare.
“What did you sense from my brother?”  The questions wasn’t unexpected, at least not for the psychic.  The tension between the two of them didn’t require supernatural powers to detect.
She couldn't help but suck in a breath, which rattled out of her in a nervous little laugh. Ridiculous. She had prayed for weeks for the isolation, the nothingness, to end. Whatever way that had to happen, she promised herself (and the God she'd been praying to) that she'd be fine with. Anything to get out of this limbo.
. Spoken with the kind of spitting disgust Azazel had been born from. "I don't want the Colt within a dozen feet of Persephone. Under no circumstances are you to give her that gun."
Dean's still swearing, Sam's making extra bitchfaces, and Brody is a douchebag with perfect hair
, Dean."
-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-
The Rivergrove Robert Gray K-12 School was not a big building. It had one hallway lined with lockers that fed into four classrooms, a tiny teacher's lounge, and an administrative area that doubled as the principal's office. The building had an unattached gym, just big enough for a full-sized basketball court, which sat kitty-corner from the school. Hemmed in by the two buildings was a small rec field and playground. For a small town, it was the pride and joy of the community. They held local plays in that gym. The field doubled as a park on weekends, where the town held outdoor movie nights and the local Bluegrass band played every Friday. It was the central meeting location for just about anything town-related.
He didn’t stop in town or bother looking around.  Dean drove straight through, the sight of the classic muscle car calling attention (and suspicion) from the townsfolk, but he didn’t care.  He’d be long gone before they even smelled the smoke.
See you next time!
The hunter couldn't keep that gaze. His throat fucking
Dean speared those last words in Ellen's direction. The woman raised her hands in surrender.
"Nah. Thought I'd save your lazy butt, first." Now that Dean was at least not dead, Sam turned his eyes to the cabin door. Azazel hadn't come back in, but the hunter could see movement beneath the line of the door.
Crowley watched the explosion through ever narrowing eyes. Was that… Was that seriously all they had summoned him here for? 'We've got a common end goal, keep us in the loop?' That… That couldn't be it. That was monumentally
"The lawyer." Diana turned a baleful glare on Sam Winchester, who responded with an appropriately castigated expression. "Really?"
Bobby scoffed when Dean mentioned an anti-possession charm at their next pit stop.  He pulled a length of cord from the neckline of his shirt to show a much more complex token then the ones the Winchesters wore.  Dean just smirked – should have known.
“We called you,” he ended up adding defensively, and with no little amount of hurt in his voice.
Four hours. It had been almost four hours since he'd left the Impala to pray to an angel. Angels, plural. Some of that time had surely been taken up waiting on Balthazar and talking with Rachel, so it might have only been something like three hours since he died. But Dean couldn't be sure, and it was eating at him.
Of course, there was still option left. It was a little of column A, a lot of column B, fully capable of getting him out of this mess, and the only move Dean had left that didn't require the application of a dislocated jaw. But he didn't want to do it.
be asked if he was the same Dean Winchester from St. Louis.
Back in Rivergrove, he'd hoped that buzzing in the back of his skull was just fear. Terror. Adrenaline. But Sam was utterly drained now and still that buzz remained.
"Safety on," Sam growled, but Dean didn't need the additional command. He re-engaged it all on his own, tucking the gun back into his waistline.
John Winchester never told anyone – even Dean – about Sam, about his powers or where they came from. He never would have said a word. Hadn't, even on his death bed, not really. No. John Winchester would have found a cure or he would have killed Sam himself. That's what John Winchester would have done, and Ellen, hard eyes trying to hide the emotion beneath – the one formed from personal experience of just what lengths John would go to – knew it too.
Andy said something particularly snippy in response, but it was lost in part to his grumble and also Sam's resumed clacking of keys. The kid opened the office door, but turned back to jab a finger at the Winchester. "You tell him this was your idea."
-o-o-o-
; it's a good one!"
Which meant Sam had a chance to save her, like they hadn't been able to save the others.
: Chuck and 'Stephanie' have a chat, we finally get to learn our mystery lady's real name, and God is not a happy camper about it. Meanwhile, Sam and Dean pull one over on Tom, unaware he's ready to pull one right back, as they head for Guthrie, Oklahoma to investigate a couple of suspicious suicides.
Malachi. Malachi had helped him cover his time on Earth from Zachariah, because Uriel was unavailable. Malachi had assisted him into a healing trance. But Castiel could tell from the foreign grace still flowing through him, the grogginess of the trance beginning to fade, that Uriel had been the one to continue the healing. Which meant his trusted brother was likely the one to place him in a human's Paradise.
"I'm Sam," he said in response before wincing almost immediately. He'd already
"I've got you," he repeated, hands sliding down the sides of Cas's now-wet clothing to grip his hips. A sudden tug from the hunter re-seated Castiel's groin to Dean's, hips lifted by the lip of the table, legs loosely hanging now. The edge of the table was digging into his pelvis uncomfortably, and Castiel found himself fiercely focusing on that one discomfort over any of the other pleasures, including the overwhelming heat trapped between their connected bodies.
The real FBI agent crossed over to the nurses' station, hand still on his gun, eyeing the room across the station from him that housed the injured, possibly wanted men. "Ma'am, I need you to clear this floor. Get everyone back in their rooms and away from 411. Quietly."
Dean's brain sputtered for a minute, trying automatically to defend his point by thinking back through the events of the last year. Data gathering, Sam would have called it. Dean shook his head before he got further than a couple hunts because that wasn't the point, damnit. The numbers weren't the
enough to sicken Sam Winchester, to pull him away from the roaring of bees in his ears and the hot pulsing of angry, bubbling blood in his veins.
Sam, frowning, glanced at Dean. He just shook his head as minimally as possible. Gordon was a damn good hunter, though, even if he was also the scum of humanity. So he picked up on the silent conversation between the brothers.
Dean made some sort of noise – like a cut off, high-pitched groan – that made Sam practically backpedal. Okay, he hit the nail on the head with that one. So, the goddess, a sister to that first one that they'd ran into, had captured Dean for revenge, gotten him under her control, and lured Cas in using Dean. Then…had Dean hurt him.
“I’m not gonna stop you, Sam.  But can we at least pack up the damn car first?”
"We heard your voicemail." Sam caught her gaze as he slid onto the stool next to his brother. The further furl in the bartender's brow said she wasn't quite following. "On dad's phone."
Sam forgot how to make his lungs work. For the first time in days he had the full lung capacity and muscle strength to do it, and he just couldn't breathe. He hadn't wanted to admit it, even to just himself, but the persistent trembling for days now had started to eat at him like rot. The other symptoms had all lessened while the tremor remained. You couldn't be a hunter with a shaky gun hand. You couldn't kill demons who could disappear in the blink of an eye. You couldn't stop the apocalypse as a handicapped, ex-addict with the shakes.
"Proto-Canaanite."
They'd just escaped the clutches of the FBI by the skin of their teeth, but it was a win. Dean let a grin of his own stretch across his lips. The FBI was on their heels – hot on their heels – way sooner than they should be, or at least in a completely new way, and Dean knew that was a whole new barrel of very ugly monkeys. But they'd made it out this time, and the tail of the adrenaline rush had him chuckling in the front seat.
“Dean, I know you’re hiding stuff –
The angel burst out from behind the couch, human soul in his arms, and barreled past Uriel hard enough to send the angel flying back into the hallway with a thunderous crash.
By the last word, Dean was barely even trying to keep a straight face and Sam glared at him with every fiber of his being. He didn't even manage fifteen seconds before he was cracking up.
angel
Sam had countered and again,
After most of a day spent catching up with the pastor, the boys turned the old junker back towards Sioux Falls. The ride back to Bobby's was amiable, both men's spirits lifted by their friend and old babysitter. Sam had a feeling from the way Dean greeted the pastor that maybe things hadn't gone so well for him the first time around. He'd nudged his brother for more information as soon as Jim left the nave to fetch a container of holy oil he'd left in his office, but Dean just shut down and muttered, darkly, a single word: Meg.
The guard pushed him another step further into the room (and he was lucky Gordon didn't want to deal with an assault charge on top of everything else, or he would have decked the guy just to teach him a lesson about keeping his hands to himself), and then closed the door, leaving Gordon alone with his newest interviewer. Holding back a sigh – this really was tedious – Gordon crossed over to the empty chair plastic chair across the table from the guy, waiting just for him. He reached for the back of it with handcuffed wrists, flipping the thing around so he could straddle the seat, arms over the back and metal cuffs clinking loudly on the table in front of the detective.
…Except he didn't currently have anything to kill a demon. Craptastic. No demon-killing knife (no Ruby to give it to them yet – and hopefully not ever, if he had anything to say about it), no Colt (shit, when did those vampires kill Elkins? Had it been 2005? Or 2006? What month? Crap, crappity, crap crap. Maybe they should make a detour to Colorado…) And no angel blades (…no Cas, either, despite sending up another half dozen silent prayers.)
." Sam aimed those big eyes his way and fired away with
When the small plank of wood with the hallowed out circle stopped on the final 'D' and didn't move again, Sam blinked. "Dad?"
How the
Oh god…"
But he needed his Cas, too. The one that knew him, the one that knew when to pull his head out of his ass and tell him he was being an idiot. Sam was good at that, but Dean didn't always listen to his brother. For some reason, the older Winchester had a better track record of actually hearing it when his angel said it in the same words. It might be because this was the same angel who'd told him to start respecting him or he'd get his ass thrown back in Hell. More likely, though, it was because Dean knew it was Cas who'd come charging in after him when he royally screwed up against their advice, the angel who'd end up pulling both him and Sam out of the fire (because of course Sam would be right there next to him), and likely the angel who'd come out injured because of it.
“Good night, Dean,” Cas says and switches off the light.
“Yes,” Dean says, “it’s his birthday today.”
She sighed. It was too early for her to fight. Instead she got up and walked over to the boys where they sat on the couch, closely together, scooping their breakfast in silence.
“Yeah, of course,” he said, nosing at her dark locks and inhaling the spicy scent of her perfume.
“At first Olivia didn’t want to talk at all. She said I would think she’s crazy if she told me what really happened. But I got through to her and she admitted she and her friends were doing this oracle thing.”
“Claire told me a while ago,” Cas admits.
“Sammy, Emma’s not your rival. I can love both of you. And besides that, you’re 34 years old, man. The kid’s only half your age. She needs a little bit more parenting than you do.”
“Everything is going to be fine. I won’t let him hurt you again,” Dean reassured.
“Oh, I’m sure one of the crew members can help you with that. Just ask someone at the reception. I think they offer a few discounts for passengers,” Cesar says.
“Um, okay?”
“Yes, I’m still at Dean’s. Oh, I, he’s fine, I guess,” he said, facing Dean now with a questioning expression. Dean nodded to signal him he was indeed alright. “Uh, yes, he’s fine…yeah, I’ll tell him that…mhm…I don’t know, it’ll take some time I’d say.”
“Yeah, well, I like the picture. You look so peaceful in it,” Dean made an attempt to explain his motivation.
“You and me, naked. Completely, not just with our pants down. Your fingers gliding down my chest, slowly, while you kiss me. Your mouth on my neck, giving me goosebumps.” He was squirming, his hips slightly lifting off the couch every now and then in an unsteady rhythm.
“That’s accurate, I think,” Cas says.
“That’s not true,” he insists. “You sound like Marv.”
“They’re two men,” he said.
Another moment of silence passes. Then, finally, Dean steps forward and pulls Cas toward his chest. He lets out a long, loud sigh. He can't compare this feeling to anything; to having Cas pressed close against him, to hold him after all this time, after all the losses, the goodbyes.
He looks at Cas with disgust. His go-to method for warming up is usually a few inches of cheap whiskey.
“Yeah, Charlie’s a lesbian,” Dean stated. “Surprise?”
“You dirty little bastard,” Ketch says through gritted teeth. “I knew I should’ve gotten rid of you way earlier.” He cocks his gun and grins. “Say goodbye to your friend, Castiel,” he says and pulls the trigger.
After his success with the GED—
Dean had to take a deep to remain calm. A man who, in private, liked to wear pretty underwear made of a fancy material with lace and maybe a small bow in the front was certainly not a freak. It made him feel good and sexy and his husband profited from this as well. Yes, Cas was very into Dean wearing women’s panties. Telling Cas his little secret had really improved their sex life (if that had even been possible back then when they had still been in their honeymoon phase) and not for one second had Cas judged him for his likes. He was perfect.
“I will do that. Have a nice day, bye,” she said and ended the call.
Dean takes a bite, hoping to finally get rid of the godawful taste of ocean water, and his guest decides to try it as well. He seems concentrated as he chews, like it’s all new flavors to him. Almost as if he’s never had a sandwich before.
“Cas, I’m scared,” he said.
The rest of the day goes by uneventful, which Castiel is thankful for, and is satisfied to spot Mr. Turner’s car parked outside his house.
Dean thinks about that other night, when Cas lifted him onto the piano. Cas could have fucked him right there—it would have been perfect. Everything Cas does is perfect.
“Very much so,” Cas says. “I’m glad you came.”
“Why didn’t you tell me? I thought Charlie was your best friend?”
“What exactly is your question?”
“I bet he’s into you.”
“Time travel,” Sam utters.
“And for us,” Cas says, “I think we have a lot to talk about.”
“I mean the way he talks about him and how he talks about the two of you. He always calls Cas ‘your roommate,’ like he doesn’t even wanna remember his name.”
“Oh, Cas. That’s awful! How’re you doing?”
“I’m hardly of more interest than any other member of our group,” Cas says. “This evening, our album wouldn’t have come to be without the contribution of each and everyone involved. We are all passionate about art and devoted to our work.”
“But the thing is, he’s kinda working a job for me right now. I’ll be running into him again sooner or later, even if we’re avoiding each other.”
“Well, as it is already my second violation of the bishop’s policy in less than a year and of the same category as my first, despite my clear knowledge of his point of view, he’s putting me on probation until further notice.”
“I saw your artworks at Mr. Moseley’s shop today and she told me about the statues you’re exhibiting in your front yard.”
“Okay,” Cas says, huge eyes looking at him and making him feel all cozy and warm, begging Dean to spare a kiss and Dean’s entire body urges him to give in but, of course, he can’t.
“I’m not planning on staying here forever, Gabe. I just need to get back on my own feet again before I can actually buy a home. As you know I’m kinda broke after the divorce.”
“Just wait,” Dean whispers and Cas sighs, leaning against the wall. They wait for another two or three minutes until Dean gives in as well.
This is ridiculous. There is no adventure. A tragedy occurred and he was the sad bastard unlucky enough to witness it. He’s not going to find anything. He’s not going to be a hero and save the day. He should stick to what he knows he can do and that is making art.
“You’ve never had sex?” Dean helped.
Cas appears to be sensing what’s going on in his head and slowly pulls down Dean’s jeans and underwear. Now he’s bare to Cas’s gaze and the memory of Cas’s mouth on him flashes before his eyes, sending a pulse down to his cock.
“Yeah, sorry. I’ve got a date and I’m already running late,” Gabe explains. “Love you, bye.”
Charlie’s chin dropped, leaving her staring with her mouth open. Then she smirked, “Well, I, too, think that one day I will make a girl really happy with my wife-ing.”
Cas wanted to argue but Mandy was already storming out of the room.
As he’s walking down the hallway, he can hear Jody snicker behind him.
He really shouldn’t be bothering Charlie now but he needed to talk to Cas one last time. He wasn’t so sure about what exactly he wanted to talk—he just had to.
“Yeah, I also don’t think I’ll come. My feet hurt and I think I’ll go to bed early tonight,” Cas says.
“So what’s the main reason for you being here?” Cas resumes. “Be honest: is it to be a pain in my ass or the cowboy thing?”
He gives Cas a quick side-glance before he speaks. “A few months ago, after I moved here.”
The woman, Naomi, wrinkles her nose. “You are Mr. Winchester, I assume,” she says.
Then Dean went down on one knee in front of him and Cas’s first instinct was to remind him that his slacks were getting dirty but then, suddenly understanding the meaning of the current situation, only gasped.
Gunnar let out a deep long laugh. “Come on,” he said, “the backseat’s not that big but I bet we could get more comfortable there. You’d like that?”
The shower was a tight fit for two grown men but they managed to make it work somehow. Dean washed Cas’s hair with the shampoo that his mother had been providing for her guests for years and thoroughly soaped his body, taking some time to massage his back. Sometimes he brushed a finger over his hole, just to get Cas used to the feeling of someone touching him there.
“Thank you, Father. We’ll talk soon. Goodbye.”
“Thanks for inviting us, Tessa. I’ll ask Dean.”
“You’re not going anywhere, Cas.” He’s speaking in the same tone he did with the dog earlier. “What happened?”
“You’re offering a trade?”
He lets out a shaky breath and kisses the top of Cas’s head. “We need to get out of here,” he says, “before it’s too late.” The sun is descending at a threatening rate. He lets go of Cas and runs over to the window facing the back yard. Nobody is there. He walks to the back door, carefully unlocking it and sneaking a glance through the crack. It looks like they’re in the clear, escaping out the back. But they can’t cross the property line. Maybe Ketch was bluffing but Dean isn’t going to risk that, not with Cas’s life being at stake.
“Sheriff, hi,” Dean says, relieved to see a friendly face, after pulling down the window.
Apart from the chilling statue, though, Dean was grateful that Bobby risked a fight with his friend to give the boy some closure.
“I’m sorry if I’ve ever been a jerk to you. I’m not very happy here. Frankly, I hate my job, this place.” Then, he hurries to follow up in his speech, “But not you, don’t get me wrong. There are nice people, too.”
The bartender is really busy right now and there are a few people waiting at the counter already. Luckily, Dean’s had enough beer to start small talk with random strangers. “I like the shirt,” he says to the woman next to him. It’s tight and black and has a grim looking skull on it and there’s a handful of piercings in her face but he’s not biased when it comes to appearances.
“Would you like me to take a picture of you?” Dean asks.
“Tanya,” Dean says. “I know this must be very hard for you. Is there anything you can tell us? Was there maybe someone who promised you some kind of benefit for something they’d collect later?” Maybe some low-class demon trades in body parts instead of souls.
“So,” Dean starts, thumbs nervously rubbing his cup, “Sammy found out that I’ve been paying his tuition and he didn’t take it very well.”
Cas realizes that Dean is having the upper hand in their relationship and he doesn’t like it. He needs to talk some sense into him or they’re both screwed.
After some time, Cas senses they’re not alone any longer. “Jack,” he says. “Come sit with us.”
And then obviously there’s…
“I, uh…”
On top of that came the fact that it wasn’t just some girl he’d taken this important step with, but his best friend. His male best friend. Dean had had years to get used to the idea of being attracted to men but Cas—it was likely he’d never even contemplated this.
Dean is rubbing a cool hand over his face, pinching the top of his nose. He finds Cas sitting on the bed when he leaves the bathroom. He turns his head when he hears Dean coming.
“You could have warned me.”
“Well, as long as I won’t meet you there—” Dean retorted.
“Claire, what happened? Did you have a fight?”
Cas was very enthusiastic to tell Dean everything he had learned during his visit to the seminary and stories Father Jim had remembered when he came back to this place that had once been his home. Sure, Dean was glad his friend was so cheerful about the experience, but he still couldn’t imagine him actually going there and eventually becoming a priest. He wanted Cas to succeed, of course, yet the prospect left a better taste in his mouth and a heavy feeling weighing in his gut. A part of him was still hoping that Cas would change his mind.
“Actually,” Cain starts and looks at the box, “yes, you could.”
“I am not mothering you, Dean. I just want to make sure—”
They almost don’t realize that it’s getting darker, fast now. Dean can’t believe his eyes when he opens them. The last beams of sunlight reach up from below the skyline.
“I’m ready now,” Cas breathes and reaches for the condom. He unwraps it and rolls it onto Dean’s hard cock.
“No, no,” he said and scratched at the back of his neck. “There’s no girlfriend.”
“Cas, are you serious?”
He was a grown man now. Angel statues didn’t frighten him anymore—except for the ones on
“Why are you leaving anyway?” Missouri asks him. “The bad guys are gone, aren’t they?”
Eventually, Dorothy told Cas about a center a woman she had meet at one of her readings at the library had been talking about and that she liked to help out there from time to time. The location was at the other end of town and Dean drove him there in his Impala to check it out. Cas felt a bit dumb for having his friend accompany him, yet he was glad he didn’t have to go there on his own the first time.
Cas slips out and rolls to his side before he slumps onto Dean, trying to catch his breath.
“I had a visit from two federal officers today.”
“Pastor, hello, it’s good to see you,” a young dark-haired woman said after appearing from behind an aluminum rack that rose up to the ceiling, stacked full with boxes and all kinds of things.
“Quit the jokes, please,” Cas says and shoves the hand off his shoulder. “This is not funny. Never was. I’m not into her and she probably only dreams of me in the context of murdering me in my sleep.”
“She wants to go someplace private and I suggested our room. Are you okay with that, Dean?”
Dean seems to understand and leaves, not entirely though, and Cas doesn’t mind him staying anymore. They both still have to put a lot of effort into accomplishing what either of them would consider enough, but at least they have the other’s support. For now. Until they don’t need each other anymore.
It’s raining a little today but not enough for Dean to get wet on his way to the entrance. The grey sky still casts enough light inside the glass-covered hall, though a few lamps are already lit.
“And then, what would we do?”
Amara, on the other hand, undid Chuck’s latest havoc and brought all the people back into existence, even those who didn’t originate from here. All the other worlds are still gone, however, irrecoverable.
“Why didn’t you talk sooner? Why didn’t you want to talk to Sheriff Mills?”
“We should go back,” Cas said, his voice hushed.
“Then yes,” Dean replied and brought their lips together once more, this time sneaking the tip of his tongue into Cas’s mouth, startling him only for a split second, and then the other men’s tongue brushed over his. They deepened the kiss, Dean eventually moving to Cas’s jaw, kissing him there, about to draw his attention to his neck, but Cas pushed him back with a gentle hand on his chest.
Dean crosses his arms in front of his chest. “I’ve told you my theories. I don’t know. He’s a mystery. What do you think, Castiel? Why don’t
He’s not sure if he’s really said it out loud but judging from Dean’s sudden frown he has.
“Not much,” he says, offended.
“That’s right, you didn’t.” Again, they kiss.
“He looks too strong and tan to have been hidden away in someone’s basement.”
“Good,” Cas said. “Meg and her family were there, too.”
“I hear you,” the guy taking the bar stool next to him says. He’s signaling the bartender to give him the same drink Dean has and she swiftly puts a glass in front of him and fills it with two fingers of whiskey.
I was actually going to add a rant at the end of this fic about how in my country (Austria) there still isn't real marriage equality after putting it into effect by the beginning of this year. BUT. I just read the news that as of today binational couples (with one partner being a citizen of a country that does not allow marriage equality) can actually get married here now. Finally.
That’s
“But?”
“Does this mean we’re good? You’ll talk to mom again and won’t be mad anymore?”
Father Jim had advised him then to postpone actions like this until after entering priesthood but Cas hadn’t listened and gone to Charlie’s wedding anyway. She was his friend after all. His friend who just happened to be gay.
you talk? You speak English?” The man frowns. “Can you hear me? Hear, you understand?” Dean says, pointing at his ear. The man nods. “Good to have that settled at least.”
“What was?” Cas asks.
“I think he said you could come with your designs but of course I can’t know exactly what he’s told you. Dean isn’t in right now. He asked me to handle your appointment.”
Castiel’s mother took a deep breath. “Fine, we’ll talk about this another time.”
“And how’s your plan on that?”
They’re getting separate rooms again but Cas doesn’t want to think of how they’re supposed to handle camping together. Athena also informs them that they can only take a small amount of baggage with them and will be provided with duffel bags. The rest of their things will be left here until they return.
“What?”
Alright. So he’s actually doing this. He’s reached an age where people do this. Not singles though. Old married people. Well, there’s this thing for single people too but he’s kinda thankful that Sam didn’t book him one of those. Or worse, one reserved for gay people. Whatever, he’s still young. Forty isn’t old, no matter what that snot-nosed juvenile delinquent, Claire, says. And if that girl thinks calling him Hasselhoff is an insult then she obviously knows nothing about classic TV. This guy used to have the coolest car ever…well, second after his…no, third after a ’67 Chevy Impala, one of which, of course, he himself is driving, and Doc Brown’s DeLorean.
For a brief second Dean can’t shake the dark feeling of an
“And how are you going to do that? I don’t think there’re ghost hunters in the Yellow Pages that aren’t actually a fraud.”
Cas hesitated for a moment. He had never done this before. His hand searched for the hook and found it but he couldn’t get it open so he tried it with a second hand until, finally, he succeeded. Mandy sat up again and pushed the straps down her arms and threw the piece of lingerie on the floor.
Nice ass guy had been waiting behind his back and yelled, “Where’re you going?” as he ran off. Dean didn’t answer. His best friend needed him.
“Kinda awesome. Thanks for arranging it for me, Balt.”
Dean’s heart stopped at
“An angel and a human,” Chuck sneers. “How very boring. You think you’re special, you two. There have been others, you know, reaching for the forbidden fruit. I planted all kinds of rules into your angelic brains but that just didn’t stop some of you from going out and falling for a small, insignificant human. But in all my time witnessing this kind of disobedience, you have been the worst example. No matter how many times I wrote you out of this story, you kept coming back, like an itch I could never scratch.”
“What’s his name?” Claire asks.
“I feel like I’m on display or something,” Cas said.
“Yes, hello. Nice to meet you,” Cas replied and was about to offer his hand but she ignored it and instead pulled him into an embrace as well.
“You have a tattoo?” Now she’s genuinely interested.
After all that had happened in the weeks before, he’d been confused and thought he’d lost the path he was supposed to go. He still didn’t know where it was leading him but he felt relieved to be back on track.
“Thank you, Cas, for doing this and for being so patient with me.” Dean’s hand is stroking his cheek as he speaks.
Cas glances down at the board and notices how close their fingers are on the planchette, almost touching. So much for hand holding, however. Why is he thinking about hand holding? His finger is itching to stretch and just gently graze the freckled skin on Dean’s.
Compared to the limited resources of the people in Apocalypse World, this is an unthinkable luxury. They barely even had access to drinking water, let alone water to shower or at least wash their hands and faces with. Everything there was dirty and smelled. Antiseptics hardly existed anymore, so cleaning an angel-inflicted wound was almost impossible. The lucky ones were those who died on the instant when heavenly armies struck. Getting away with injuries was not the favorable outcome.
“Cas, wait,” Rowena says, “aren’t you going to have coffee with us?”
Cas was in love with him and he was in love with Cas and they had finally gotten together and everything Dean had ever dreamed of had become true.
“That’s not true. Did you tell him I said that?”
Dean tries to come up with a smug reply but this only leads to Cas getting more furious. And then he says something that completely catches him off guard: “You’re either a homophobic asshole or you’re in deep, deep denial over how attracted you are to me!”
He looks up. It’s Jody who’s asking. Cas has been occupying this table on his own since Cesar and Jesse left after the illusionist’s show had ended.
Dean passes him an angel blade and stabs the first demon with another one. More demons keep coming but Dean and Cas have fought together many times and, moving back to back, they fend off the attacks.
“Dean!” he repeats, noticeably more panicked.
“I’ve got one more you’re definitely familiar with as well,” Cas says.
“Zeke…alright. Well, merry Christmas, Cas. Have a save trip,” Charlie told him and bent over the table and hugged him.
Dean didn’t know how long Cas had been up when his alarm woke him in the morning but he made sure not to disturb him and let him rest some more before he entered the bathroom to take a shower. When he came out, clean and fully dressed, his husband was still dead to the world, so Dean went to the diner across the street to get them breakfast.
“Hey, Hannah,” Cas said as his little sister had her arms slung around him. “Say hi to my best friend Dean.”
He did no longer feel guilty for what had happened between them; he was, in fact, glad that at least one time in his life he had gotten to experience something like this. Sometimes he would think back to that night, recall other instances of their time together and pray for Dean to be alright and happy.
“This is different,” Dean says, avoiding Cas’s eyes.
“Guys, I’ve already called you three times. Dinner’s getting cold.” Amelia glares at them as they both wash their hands at the kitchen sink.
“I never said he’s hot. You did.”
He was already down to his boxer briefs after getting out of his formal attire, quickly stepped out of them as well and put on the pink panties.
“’m fine,” he insisted, although all he could currently see was black.
Meg had always told him what a good kisser he was. He would have liked to tell her the same but Meg had been the only girl he had ever kissed so he had nothing to compare her kissing skills with. But he guessed Meg was a good kisser as well. At least Cas had always enjoyed making out with her.
When he really had longer conversations with an actual person, it was usually Sam and they mostly talked about him and Eileen and the huge undertaking of organizing a wedding.
“The only time I ever tried didn’t have very pleasing results,” he told her.
Nothing happens.
“I know very well what it means and sacrifice is a big part of priesthood. Not many people are strong enough for that but I certainly am. I’m not a weak person.”
“Where was this?” she inquires, studying his desk, the same drawings that Cas was so appealed by.
Dean looked at Cas and Cas just shrugged his shoulders.
The guy whose ass he had been admiring before was getting closer but Dean couldn’t take his eyes off the situation between Cas and the chick.
“You know, Cas,” he said then, “it doesn’t always have to be me who does all the talking. You’re allowed to say a thing or two as well from time to time.”
“Guess I’m the weirdo from the graveyard now,” he told the angel with a grin.
“Do you?” Ouch. He fell into his own trap.
“Huh,” she says and puts the donut box back into the drawer. “Well, I’d say you look like a nice guy. A very handsome one, too, I must say, though way out of my league.”
It was only a short drive from the Winchesters’ house to the camping site. Charlie and Dorothy were already waiting for them, peeling off their heavy leather gear that was definitely not temperature appropriate. “Why did we not take my car again?” Charlie asked her girlfriend, gasping for fresh air as she took off her helmet.
“Honestly, yes. I’d be howling at you right now if I weren’t going to be sick then.”
“Meg, this is my friend Dean,” Cas explained towards the screen.
“I know your father hasn’t always been easy on you,” she says then, as if she’s guessed the main factor for his worries.
He confirms and shakes Cas’s hand, grip firm.
Cas has already taken a seat on the chair next to Tanya’s bed.
“We should go and check it out,” Sam speaks up eventually.
Cas hesitates for a second but then he says, “Okay, but promise you’re staying with me.”
“You did a great job there,” Cas tells him and Dean hopes the compliment doesn’t make him blush.
There’s already a woman waiting by the elevator and after a first “hi,” they’re just standing there, awkwardly, not saying a word but Dean realizes that he’ll have to talk to someone sooner or later. You don’t go on a cruise all on your own without mingling at least a little bit.
“I guess they’re just throwing single people from the same decks together,” she says.
“No,” she says. “She’s not around anymore. But on certain days when certain conditions apply, it’s easier to get in touch with the spirit world. Samhain for example…or Halloween, as you’d call it. I guess this day getting close is also a reason for why your encounters are rather distinct.”
“How was it?” Dean asks.
“He’s just pretending,” Cas insists.
When Cas had dried off, he put on a dress shirt and black jeans, brushed his teeth, combed his hair and quickly returned to his room, making sure Dean was still asleep before entering, and googled on-campus Sunday Mass hours. He found that he still had enough time to buy a coffee before the Catholic service at Goodson Chapel started and left before his roommate would run into him.
“I have to,” he says and the finality of his words hit Dean with all their force. For the first time he feels like he can’t take it, like he won’t be able to survive Cas’s departure. He turns away from them, towards the window. It’s a sunny day outside, small waves glistening on the calm ocean.
Castiel extracts his saturated fingers and lowers them to slide between Dean's crack. He circles around the tight rim, eventually dipping inside and causing Dean to moan.
"Right, sorry, please don't stop, Cas..." Dean babbles, removing his hand from the rumpled dark locks and gripping the steering wheel with unnecessary force.
awakens something primal inside him. Dean suddenly wishes he wasn't on the pill, he wishes that Castiel could get him pregnant. He wants his tits to swell up with milk and his belly to become round and stuffed with his alpha's child. He wants Castiel to breed him. These new desires should feel scary, but Dean's not afraid.
It doesn’t help.
The whites of his eyes are clouded with pink, another round of tears spilling out the corners. Dean can't speak, he can barely breathe. He's on overload and Castiel knows he's hitting his prostate with every other drag of his cock.
Castiel studies the hunter as if through foggy lenses. Head to toes, he can still see how unimaginably beautiful Dean is. Castiel hates being
“I made a deal...” Castiel cuts right to it, “...with the Empty.”
"Hello, Dean."
A panic stricken thought occurs to him. Is Dean about to kiss him? He’s awfully close, actually he’s definitely
No amount of stories or hearsay could have prepared Dean for what being claimed feels like. Castiel's teeth pierce the skin on his neck, activating life's most permanent of rituals. The bite is quick, yet the aftermath is wonderfully drawn out. Castiel keeps rocking into him, all the while sucking additional marks and territorial bruises all over Dean's throat. Dean feels reborn, an unexplainable satisfaction diffusing throughout his body. He's
Castiel is too defeated to explain himself. Again. There's no reason to tell Dean that he's told him he loves him a thousand times, in a thousand different ways. Dean won't remember, this time is no different. Sober or drunk, Dean's memories of those instances are professionally tampered with for his own self preservation.
And all Castiel can do is hold on, staring up at Dean as he feels him thrust into him, searching his eyes, finding nothing but love amidst the sea of green.
whore in fact. Not all prisons are decorated with locks and bars, some of them come draped in satin sheets and biologically induced fear. The low growl of his father's alpha voice compels Dean to stay, to obey, to
It's Dean's voice, Castiel doesn't even have to bother looking. The girls stop gyrating immediately and Blondie sighs dramatically, doing nothing to hide her annoyance.
is actually telling the truth. Then there’s also the possibility that being intimate with Dean will not bring him the ultimate happiness he thinks it will.
"Wha?" Castiel replies stupidly, finally making eye contact.
Still sitting in Castiel's lap, Dean guides Castiel's fingers into his mouth, wetting them thoroughly with his warm saliva. Watching and feeling Dean suck on his fingers has Castiel hardening in no time.
Dean's lost the ability to speak, desperation builds within him as he tries to produce those three liberating words that will convey he loves Castiel too. Dean doesn't give a single shit that he barely knows the guy. All he
Castiel heaves himself off floor, wincing as he remembers the blood, now rather crusty and dried up.
The Shadow’s words repeat on a loop inside his head. Castiel is finding that the struggle to control his emotions is becoming increasingly difficult. He’s
"Dean, not now."
"Cas, I want that too..."
Leaving it unbuttoned, Castiel plops down onto the bed and revels in the warmth the soft shirt provides.
Castiel loves nights like these.
Castiel shivers at the tone of Dean's voice, his fragile wall of sarcasm and attitude fading fast. Dean kicks off his shoes and surges forward, toppling onto Castiel frantically. He kisses, well more like devours, Castiel's drug tainted lips with animalistic urgency.
Castiel internally soothes himself with the thought that Dean is sweet tonight. Tonight, he's Castiel's best friend.
“Thank you.”
Blondie and Red murmur their goodbyes to Castiel and exit quickly. Red purposely bumps into Dean's shoulder aggressively as she passes him in the doorway.
They stay still for a moment, gathering their breath and reveling in the sensation of feeling so
"Gonna take my cock, Dean?" Pulling Dean's lower lip into his mouth.
Castiel blinks back tears and walks over to the stove, the least he can do is serve them. Making two plates, Castiel sits opposite Dean, sliding his dish towards him. They eat in silence for about ten minutes. So many important things left unsaid, so many things that at this point will never be addressed.
Ass up, with his face smushed into the permanently come-stained sheets, Castiel gasps when Dean enters him fully clothed from behind.
Denial helps.
“I’m in love with Dean.”
“Cas, you’re not gonna die. We’ll figure it out...I promise.” Sam looks devastated as he reassures him, adding, “Jack’s not the only one who needs you.”
Castiel fantasizes about simpler things as well, like holding hands in the car, the windows rolled down low while the breeze whips crisply through their hair. Or about cradling Dean in his arms every night while he drifts off to sleep, satisfied to breath him in and ward off any nightmares.
Castiel never used to talk back, especially when they fucked like this. But now life's just a game, so why not play along. "Yeah, Dean, fuck my ass, c'mon, harder!"
Only the promise of
There’s a shit eating grin spreading across his hopeful face as he makes his way over to meet Dean. Distracted by his tangled up coat, Jack remains oblivious to their previous position.
"My name is Castiel." As soon as the name escapes his lips, he's crushing them onto Dean's. Dean gasps and parts his lips, giving Castiel full access to his mouth. Castiel accepts entry and ravishes him, his mouth dominant and impatient. As they kiss, Dean repeats the man's name in his head over and over. It's beautiful and somehow exactly what he wanted to hear.
“Cas?”
His tolerance has grown to a point that would be considered impressive if it were any other topic. Most of the time he doesn't even feel high anymore, he just feels...ironically human. Consuming just enough to get by.
Now that they're facing each other, Dean allows Castiel to study him, a fond smile turning up at the corner of his mouth, before he breaks the silence with, "I made your favorite meal, ya know, table was set with candles and everything. Planned on making love slowly after dinner, maybe even shower together."
“I am...”
Dean's next words cut sharply through the tenuous air, "Can I stay tonight?"
Although unaware of any of the specifics, Sam and Dean are not going to let Castiel rot in the endless limbo of the universe. It’s so easy to put his faith in these men, to trust and believe them even when there’s no solid plan or a single issue has been solved. Because no matter what Castiel has done, whatever mess he’s wrapped up in, they’ll bring him back home.
Age 32
Even if for some reason Dean doesn’t notice the condition of his abused hands or the state of his bedroom, there’s no hiding anymore. Come what may, they’ll face it together.
Some of the tension leaves Dean's body as he relaxes against Castiel. They stand there for a while, until Castiel begins to sway and sag, sinking slowly towards the floor and pulling Dean along with him.
Dean's in love with this man.
Sitting across the library table is Dean, brooding and sipping his coffee while browsing on his laptop. Castiel tries not to stare, fighting the urge to toss away the newspaper and gawk unashamedly at the brilliant man in front of him. He keeps peeking though, catching Dean’s eye and looking away immediately. Dean lets him have this, they never talk about it.
“I wish it were that simple,” Castiel counters, debating on how far to take this conversation. He trusts Sam as much as a person can possibly trust someone and he’s here
What is he? Okay? That’s a lie.
Dean makes him crazy, like he'd agree to anything, and he's right, it's almost an hour drive to get back home. So apparently they're going to fuck now.
Seconds later, or has it been minutes? Regardless, the enticing mystery alpha makes his way over to the bed, apparently not offended by Dean's welcoming behavior. The only reason Dean knows the man is closer to him is because the lack of proximity makes that fucking scent even stronger. Dean's eyes remain firmly closed, he's way too afraid to open them, this is easier, safer.
"Castiel," Dean sighs into the kiss, which makes the alpha growl possessively.
Sam changes gears and springs into action, “Well at least that gives us something to work with, there’s no specific pressure for time...we just gotta find a loop hole.”
Castiel stops mid sentence, practically hyperventilating, remembering that the last time he allowed himself to get this worked up was years ago. After Dean kissed him on that infamous Halloween night, he lost it badly the next day, Dean brushing the whole thing off and telling him it was a 'mistake'. If it hadn't been for Gabriel, comforting him and taking care of him, promising not to tell anyone about his breakdown, Castiel doesn't want to think of what could have happened.
Dean doesn't hesitate. The better he performs, the faster this is over and he can go to sleep.
Dean squirms, eagerly trying impale himself on the cock that's teasing him. "Castiel," Dean never wants to stop saying it.
Sometimes Dean almost makes him feel too much, truly scared of how easily he loses himself to this man. Ready at any moment to give it all up, all of it for
Dean's not lying.
There’s yet another lull as Sam ponders what to say next. However no amount of practice or planning could have prevented him from fumbling through, “And you think...that if you and Dean...ya know...that would be—umm—that would cause the Empty to take you?”
time. Within minutes, they annoyed me...telling me that I'm wasting my time in Kansas, if I want a real career I should move to the city. But it's all the unsaid things that really bother me. They don't like you, Dean. And it just...ugh it makes me wish I could...smite them!"
Open they go, searching for their counterpart. Blue, the exact blue in his dreams. Normally, it's hard to hold eye contact with an alpha, his submissive nature instructing him to avoid it. But not with these eyes, these eyes are so different, so unique.
Castiel wants to cry again, this time from happiness. How can Dean know exactly what to say, exactly the right things to make him feel complete and so
Castiel pins Dean's wrists above his head, sinking his cock inside Dean's wet heat in one swift movement. Dean can't help but shout, Castiel's cock is absolutely huge and fills him up perfectly. They slot together like they were specifically designed for each other. The alpha's weight feels massive on top of him, his frame large and masculine. Castiel grazes his teeth over the thin skin of Dean's neck, the temptation to bite down almost getting the better of him. He decides to nibble playfully instead, leaving Dean teetering on the edge of what he wants most.
He is.
"Fuck, angel, take my cock so good..." Dean grunts, fucking him with long,  rough thrusts. Castiel abhors that particular pet name now, but he doesn't bother reminding Dean.
all the time and the hardest part is, he has to handle it all on his own.
Dean's breathing is irregular, failing to hold it together as Castiel consumes him, starting to pant nonsense when they reach their first stop light.
Already moaning, Dean feels like he could at come at any second. He's never been this turned on before and he doesn't even know what this person looks like.
Castiel blushes, yet replies confidently, "Yes." Long gone are the days where Castiel tries to hide how Dean affects him.
Adding to his turmoil are the severe pangs of guilt that strike whenever he thinks about how he’s forcing Jack to lie as well. Castiel hates the idea of the boy carrying around that kind of weight, he wants Jack to be honest and free. Jack deserves someone to lead by example for him.
is having no choice at all. The Shadow stole that liberty away, leaving him trapped in one of the worst predicaments a soul could endure.
It used to be a choice, a stupid and stubborn choice not to tell Dean the truth about how he feels. The fear of rejection used to be horrifying enough, but now Castiel realizes the
Just hearing the words said aloud is enough to recharge him a fraction.
Castiel grins as he momentarily pulls his mouth off Dean's cock with loud pop, "The least you could do is keep both hands on the wheel, it'll definitely increase our chances of survival--"
"Dammit, Cas, it reeks in here," Dean complains, his breath hot on Castiel's neck.
"A baby?"
He's coasting.
Castiel decides he'll call Mom and Dad tomorrow, tonight he's too drained to talk about the flight and work and when he's coming to visit. He also remembers that he has to try and find some time to plan this extravaganza of a double wedding anniversary party Gabriel wants. He'll call Sam tomorrow. Tonight he just wants to disappear inside Dean, hide away from the rest of the world.
It's Dean, looking warm and inviting. Castiel doesn't wait, hauling the hunter in to his smoke filled den. Castiel hugs the other man, his own arms feeling heavy like logs as he hooks them around Dean's neck. He silently hopes Dean will allow this and not push him away.
"Woah, c'mere," Dean grumbles, guiding Castiel towards the bed. The sound of Dean's voice feels like a slow motion train rattling through one ear and out the other.
scent, about what it would feel like to be in love. He starts playing with his tiny cock, trying to convince it to harden. His fantasy is enough to cause a gush of slick to flood his hole, his cock perking up as well.
However, every time this circular argument makes a pass through his brain he eventually dismisses it. Because just imagining how Dean’s mouth would feel moving against his, millions of tiny kisses exploring each other until every surface of skin has been claimed is enough to convince Castiel otherwise. Or whenever he thinks about how Dean’s strong, work-worn hand would feel touching his cock, stroking him roughly yet still kissing him tenderly. Sometimes Castiel dares to dream even further, picturing the way Dean would look beneath him, how it would feel to be inside him.
“Hey, kid,” Dean’s voice cracks from lack of use.
Dean isn't patient, prepping Castiel hurriedly with spit and three meaty fingers. However, Castiel is into it, moaning and telling Dean he's ready when he's not.
"CAS!"
nights. All grabby hands, sloppy mouths, and the lewd slapping of skin on skin. Flith, not love.
It hangs there in the silence, Dean soaking up what's been revealed to him. Dread is filling Castiel's insides, twisting his stomach into knots, petrified of Dean's response.
name from now on," Castiel grunts, the tip of his cock nudging at Dean's hole.
John peeks down at him, his hand momentarily cupping the side of Dean's face. "You can suck now."
Pulling away, Dean takes Castiel's hand and heads for the bed. Sharing a pillow, the two broken men face each other, their toes just barely touching. Castiel doesn't mind that the mattress is worn and uncomfortable, tonight it feels perfect. He doesn't even think to reach for the night stand, not requiring anything to aid himself into slumber tonight.
Castiel hates nights like these.
Procrastinating, Castiel swallows this tremendous burden, leaving his insides cold and slithering like snakes. He proceeds to half-heartedly sift through the daily paper, searching for a hunt that might be appropriate for Jack to tag along on.
Sam whips around the corner, his lengthy hair is dripping wet and he’s wearing one of the Men of Letters robes.
His alertness is infectious, the other girl--he'll call her Red--wakes up too and begins nibbling lazily on his neck, grinding her cunt onto his upper thigh. Castiel can feel her wetness from before, from when he fucked her raw.
Dean cuts off these horrifying thoughts as he makes his approach over to the bed. Because he and John both know 'get comfortable' is just code for cockwarming.
Dean pauses, kissing Castiel's always slightly chapped lips chastely, hugging him closer, craving his warmth. "But I'd rather get fucked raw on the side of the road any day, who needs romance?" He chuckles, combing through Castiel's thick hair, further messing it up.
Castiel doesn’t feel magically ‘cured’. His anxiety, although temporarily quashed, still lingers faintly. On the upside, the feeling of hopelessness is dissolving, determination and willpower gradually taking it’s place.
“Cas...you want this?” Dean whispers, low and private, only for them.
Dean moans when he feels Castiel's knot expanding, he's close. God, Dean's never wanted someone's come so bad, he wants Castiel to pump him full of it, so he can hoard every last drop. He never wants their bodies to disconnect.
There had been a mission today, one that, not uncommonly, almost went bad. Killing Croats and scavenging for food is challenging and exhausting work. It requires immense focus, which means Castiel is expected to stay relatively sober.
The door bursts open loudly and although Castiel's reaction speed is somewhat poor, he knows who it is. Nobody else seeks him out past midnight.
It's limitless and unconditional, two old souls alone in the universe finally together again. Dean and Castiel will always find their way back to one another.
Dean eats the toast slow, savoring every bite. He's so hungry all the time, what he wouldn't do for a fresh cheeseburger. Not reheated or from a fast food chain. A fresh, juicy, bloody bacon cheeseburger, like they used to make on the barbecue. His stomach grumbles loudly at the thought.
Time weighs heavy for Dean, like cement, it's slow and he feels stuck. Seven in the evening is usually when he wakes up, slipping out of his father's clutches to make them breakfast. Eggs and toast. Except today there aren't any eggs left.
Sam doesn’t reply, he just waits for Castiel to continue. Embarrassed, Castiel sneaks a quick glance at Sam and is met with eyes that exude nothing but pure concern and empathy. Sam is the perfect listener.
Dean pulls back to add, "And as for work, shit happens, as hard as you try to be, you're not prefect, Cas, you're still human and mistakes happen. You're so friggin' smart and that firm's lucky to have you."
Two hours later, Dean's squeaky clean and sprawled out naked on his bed. He needs to get himself in the mood, nobody likes a dry omega. Hooking two fingers inside his ass, Dean massages that special spot with precision. His thoughts drift towards blue eyes and dark hair, forever drawn to a man that doesn't exist. Dean dreams about what his alpha mate would smell like, about what it would be like to have somebody else crave
"Then at least drive somewhere private, not sharing you with anyone," Castiel gives in.
Castiel finally overdosed one day, his death singing to him, urging the ex-angel to cross the finish line and be done with this cruel, unrefined world. But Dean wasn't ready to let Castiel go yet.
to die, not yet. Not until Dean says so. And Castiel can't wait, he can't wait to give even that final act to Dean.
Dean feels the man's lips kiss and nip at his inner thigh, the spot of contact spreading an intense warmth throughout his entire body. Searing hot, the man's tongue swoops out of his mouth, licking up the slick on Dean's leg that's been generously dripping out of him.
for sure is that he's irreversibly in love with him.
Within the next eight minutes Dean parks the Impala in an empty parking lot behind an old abandoned building, neither of them caring enough to bother finding out what exactly. Dean is putty in Castiel's arms as he grabs him, tugs his jeans and underwear down, preparing him quickly, yet still gentle. Castiel uses his tongue and fingers to spread him open against the side of their beloved car, until Dean's begging, quite loudly, to be fucked.
His patience is all out. Castiel rockets forward, landing Dean on his back. Castiel begins fucking him with vigor, hard and fast, but precise.
Castiel joins Sam in observing his surroundings, it’s a disaster. His tall, solid wooden bookshelf has fallen, laying haphazardly on it’s side. The many books that used to occupy it are now littered all over the ground. The nightstand has tipped over and the lamp atop it smashed to bits. Castiel’s not too upset about that one, still feeling pretty bitter towards the lamp. His television was a victim as well, but luckily it landed on the carpeted part of the room so there might be hope for it. Worst and most regrettably, is the picture frame he keeps displayed on his dresser. It’s a group ‘selfie’, a term Castiel only recently learned and one that Dean would definitely playfully make fun of him for using. It depicts himself, Dean, Sam, Jack and Mary. It was a night that nothing special happened, but Castiel believes that’s what makes it so special.
The alpha groans into his entrance, sucking and lapping at anything he can get his mouth on. "Dean, you're fucking delicious...so
coffee shop at the
Dean should stop touching himself and look up at the man, but he literally can't stop himself. Lust and instinct enable Dean to keep going, all logical thought slowly eroding away. Not to mention addition of this guy's voice, rough and underused, it has Dean leaking everywhere.
Wants to be completely alone with him, because nobody else deserves to eavesdrop on this sacred moment.
Castiel missed his chance.
Because unless Castiel wants to die instantaneously and spend eternity floating through nothingness, he has to keep his mouth shut. And for the first time in a very long time Castiel truly wants to
"Sorry, you're right, can't wait."
, it never becomes mundane or routine. Making love to Dean is always a gift, one that, for most of his life, he never thought he would be lucky enough to have. The knowledge that Dean loves him as much as Castiel loves him back, is surreal, falling more in love with him each day, their bond only strengthening with time.
Blood boiling, his rage is back worse than before, he hasn’t felt it like this in eons. He knows that if his Grace were at full power he’d be able to muster enough raw energy to summon an earthquake and leave Lebanon in ruins. However, the lightbulb from his bedside lamp sparks feebly, but in the end it doesn’t shatter. Castiel barks out a false laugh, even the lamp is mocking him.
Dean is relieved it's not Crowley, but sometimes the devil you know is better than the one you don't. Things can always get worse, life has certainly taught him that.
Without conscious thought, Castiel is throwing and tearing at anything in his path, feeling more than seeing. He doesn’t know for how long this goes on, only that he’s now on the floor slumped up against the side of his bed with fresh blood coating his knuckles. The same knuckles Dean had just subdued into relaxation not ten minutes earlier.
“I can’t.”
Castiel looks up to find that Jack has joined them, his brow furrowed and he appears to be in minor distress. “Sam is going to take a shower now and he told me to ask you guys what we’re doing for dinner,” Jack announces.
"I've been distracted at work lately. Made a careless mistake and cost the firm thousands of dollars, involving one of our biggest clients. Damage control has been a nightmare, especially since I was stuck all the way in New York, dealing with different problems."
Breaking old habits can be infuriating.
really smiles at him, “Oh, I’m not surprised...I guess I’m just shocked you actually said it.”
"I like romance," Castiel pouts, enjoying the idea of Dean's plan very much.
He must have dozed off, because when he opens his eyes it's to an empty bed and the smell of something cooking. Castiel feels a little more normal, able to somewhat function again.
Castiel scoffs lightly, “I honestly didn’t think you’d be that surprised.”
...me, you...and now our future
Dean. The sole reason Castiel does anything. The reason Castiel chooses to live, the reason he desperately wants to die, the reason he continues to sacrifice a little more of his already tattered soul each day.
him to keep going. Sometimes, Castiel thinks he might be a little pathetic with his neediness, but he never dwells on it too long. Especially not once he sets his gaze on Dean’s beautiful evergreen orbs, seeing the truth behind them, witnessing first hand that
Kicking some books out of the way, Sam shoves himself into the chaos of the room and sits down beside him.
Castiel's never topped with anyone else, Dean's the only man he's ever been inside, the only tight heat his cock's ever been surrounded by, the only one he's ever
Dean hums and drools when Castiel aids him in bobbing his head up and down. Castiel should feel guilty, he should cringe at the desperate, messy way Dean is throwing himself at him. But he can't feel that anymore, all he can feel is Dean, here and now, pleasuring him with every ounce of effort he has left. It's so easy to forget, to
has the man pulling away from the sweetness of Dean's pussy. That skilled tongue cleaning up the glorious mess of Dean's come as he crawls up his body.
“I’m sorry I ruined your shower,” Castiel sighs dramatically, giving Sam a half apologetic half kidding look.
"Y-yes," Dean practically sings.
But right now, Dean's torn down his wall with so little effort, knowing his way around Castiel's head like an expert. And for some reason this is really important, he wants this baby, wants it like every nerve in his body screaming for it. That's why he can't bottle it all up anymore.
They lay next to one another for a while, both staring at the ceiling. Their breathing regulates and the temperature in the room seems to decrease. For one brief second of lunacy, Castiel thinks Dean might stay, or maybe talk with him. But Dean sets him straight. Rolling off the bed, he gathers his clothing in shameful silence, his movements clumsy.
Dean says it like a prayer of encouragement, willing Castiel to trust him, to understand that he won't judge him or be upset, that he loves him unconditionally.
Night time means showtime. Dean's a whore. His
Maybe it's all of the above.
The dust settles and Castiel’s hearing begins to return, the only reason he realizes this is because he wasn’t aware it had dulled in the first place. There’s footsteps, faint at first but soon they morph into long, clumsy strides that sound more like a run.
"Cas."
He’s home, alive and breathing.
Castiel can’t decide if he’s immensely disappointed or relieved from this turn of events. Jack may have just saved his life.
"Don't stop touching your cock." It's an order Dean would rather die than disobey. From the instant the man stepped into the room, Dean could feel the immense amount of
"Neither, found a new guy. Fucking loaded...so I need you to make him wanna come back, understand?" John says and Dean hears the unspoken threat loud and clear.
It's not that Castiel ever truly forgets, it's just that it's hard to not get caught up in all the bullshit. The violence, the suffering, the tough decisions, the death, all weighing heavily upon their minds. The Earth has become tarnished with a stench of despair that can never be reversed. Mother nature's agony is constant, and she's not dying easily.
"I'm going to kiss you. And we're going to make love..." It's not an option, it's fact.
“Sorry,” is what he decides on.
Dean stands up and walks towards him, somehow smothering Castiel from a good six feet away. “Cas...”
He decides to kiss Castiel in order to avoid the hardship of words. The kiss is awful, because the moment they make contact more silent tears are cascading down Dean's face. "Cas, let's make love, like we used to..."
"There you are. I don't like to be kept waiting, Dean..." his voice is lighthearted. John's not angry tonight. He's not even drunk. Dean secretly wishes he was either, that way he could blame his father's sick urges on something other than pure want and desire. Sober John is dangerous, it's never quick, it's never easy.
A worthy death.
"Oh," is all Dean can manage at the moment because Castiel's pace quickens, the drag of his dick unlike any other Dean's ever experienced.
"Can you come on my tongue, Dean?" The man asks, diving deeper until his tongue disappears completely.
Dean's fingers rub soothingly over his scalp as he makes his speech, saying the words firmly not angrily, his voice still warm and inviting. Castiel doesn't even realize the tears running down his face, until their pooling into a small puddle on Dean's pec.
Castiel leans back against the headboard and places his hands on Dean's waist, "Well, I hate when you drink cheap whiskey, messes with your...scent." He almost laughs when he says it, but it's too truthful. Castiel despises anything that masks Dean's aroma, especially something so harsh as alcohol.
Breakfast is a quiet affair, there's really nothing to talk about. Eventually, John will tell him the plan for the night. Dean's hoping for an easy lineup, just a couple of blow jobs and a few quick fucks. He's not in the mood for one of the regulars to book him in private for the whole goddamn night.
"Fuck..." Dean breathes, stroking his cock to full hardness, while kissing him deeply.
"Castiel."
John comes with a growl, his knot pulsing wave after wave of hot come into Dean's throbbing ass. With not much fanfare, John rolls them onto their sides and spoons his body around Dean, his cock still buried inside. There's no 'good night', just silence and then snoring. As the sun comes up, Dean finally shuts his eyes. His last thoughts are always dedicated to Sam, hoping he's safe.
"And I want-- I wish we..." Castiel stops, he can't find his voice to continue.
Sweating, he sheds his trench coat and suit jacket, the normally beloved ensemble suffocating him. Neurotically pacing the room, Castiel feels no reprieve. Still constricted, he loosens his tie and rolls up his long shirt sleeves.
Dean's grip on Castiel's hips is becoming borderline painful, his pace punishing and unrelenting. Castiel is already anticipating the symmetrical bruises and delightful ache in his core that will be the only thing remaining after Dean leaves him tonight.
Always the leader, the big brother, the caretaker, Dean doesn't know how to
Dean swallows a visible lump in his throat and scratches a fake itch at the back of his neck nervously. Stumbling far away from Castiel, Dean slings his arm around the boy, directing them to make their ascension and head for the door, “Told ya, that was a one time thing...”
No more conversation is necessary, Dean knows what to do. He's never disappointed a single client yet.
Suddenly, Castiel is screaming and coming, his pulverized hole clenching around Dean's length. It gives Dean the push he needs to spill his own release into Castiel with a low groan. Dean never uses a condom with Cas.
He transports his brain somewhere else. Closing his eyes, he pretends the cock in his mouth isn't John's, he pretends it's his true mates. An imaginary man, that if he concentrates hard enough, Dean can almost visualize. He's tall and toned and has eyes a shade of blue deeper and truer than the ocean.
"I do...I wanna have a baby with you. Didn't really know it 'til right now, but yeah, that sounds...awesome," Dean confirms, kissing Castiel's cheek before adding, "You'd be such a great Dad."
Castiel produces a delayed sort of yelp at the sound of more knocking, finally shuffling across the room to answer it. At the last second he decides to look down to make sure he's dressed.
Castiel lowers his attention to the object around Dean's neck. He's wearing the amulet Sam gave to him. Over the years, Castiel has observed how Dean gradually stopped wearing it. He would tear it off in anger and then sling it back on out of guilt. Until the one time he didn't.
Castiel pretends to enjoy the moment, he pretends that his heart isn’t shredding itself into a million pieces as he smiles pathetically and waves goodbye.
John and Dean live and operate out of the house he grew up in. The memories of his beautiful mother and the fun they used to have fade a little more each day. She died shortly after Sam's eighth birthday, leaving the two boys alone with John and his bitterness. The stress of losing Mary may have been the initial catalyst for Dean presenting as an omega so early. Showing all the signs, John lost his mind. His brain diseased with with grief, John took Dean that very night, fucking his twelve year old son through the tears and shrieks for help. His once caring father succumbed to the evil within and began this whole downward spiral towards the unforgivable.
War has altered Dean's chest with new scars and inflated muscles. Castiel wishes he could erase the blemishes on Dean's sun-kissed skin like he used to, instead of just gawking at him sadly.
be considered making love.
Dean, his hole left gaping and torn. Sometimes Crowley will beat the shit out of him before they even start. Predictable and savage, Crowley doesn't come until Dean's close to unconsciousness. He wraps his meaty paws tightly around Dean's throat, cutting off his air supply in a way that's definitely not safe. When Dean initially brings this up to his father, he's brutally informed that Crowley pays extra for that. Dean needs at least a day to recover after enduring that demon, which is why it costs extra he supposes.
"Gonna watch
"No, we did this bullshit our whole lives and look what almost happened. I swore to myself that I'll never be that stupid again, if something is bothering one of us, we need to tell each other. I can tell you're upset, I've always been able to tell. Believe me, I know 'talking' is hard, so much easier to just...hold it all in. But we don't have to do that anymore, at least not with each other. Cas, your problems are mine, I chose that when I married you, and it's never been a chore. We're a team, let me help...let me in."
“I don’t know about you people, but I’m sick of burgers and pizza...let’s do burritos,” Dean chimes in.
Sam takes in the state of the bedroom, his worry turning to sadness like the latter never occurred. “What happened?”
So just toast.
Dean staggers towards him, swaying this way and that, unable to walk a straight path. He's hammered. Again, selfishly, Castiel wishes Dean was 'angry drunk', coming here to fuck his brains out. That's easier. Easier than watching the man he loves crumble and fall apart.
He looks around for Dean, finding him sitting at the little wooden table in the corner. "Dean?"
Castiel is livid with himself, because if he’s being honest, he knows Dean is in love with him too. Any fool could see it.
The anguish that infects Dean's soul grows like cancer, rapid and incurable. Castiel wishes he could take the pain away, bring Sam back to him and make things right. But he can't, Castiel isn't the cure, he's just the chemo.
"Get out," interrupts them.
Overwhelming himself with silent thoughts of affection, Castiel decides he can't wait any longer, lunging down, he starts undoing Dean's belt buckle.
Some nights, after Dean's cock is all tucked away, he'll lean down to kiss Castiel's sweaty forehead, lips lingering a little longer than necessary to soak up his taste. But no, Castiel doesn't even get that tonight. Tonight, without a single word or gesture of comfort, Dean's trudging out the door, away from Cas and the loveless crime they just committed.
Dean strides back over to Castiel, stopping right in front of him. He bends down to kiss Castiel's chapped lips, chaste and lovingly. Whimpering, Castiel's eyes droop shut as he feels Dean cup both sides of his face. Dean places kiss after kiss onto him, slow and repetitive, no tongue, nothing dirty.
Dean smiles vacantly, his palms resting on Castiel's bare chest when he slurs, "S'that why you're wearing my shirt? Like the way I smell, Cas?"
Sam pauses again, taking in the heaviness of this, the quietness crushing the pair of them.
that would bring him true happiness.
"Mmm," Castiel swiftly flips Dean over, his ruthless cock never stopping. Kissing the shell of Dean's ear, his voice is deadly when he breathes out, "Of course I'm going to take you, Dean, I love you..."
