“I’m running out of patience.”
Right on schedule, Tony heard Steve’s footsteps coming down the staircase.  A quick conversation with someone, and then Steve appeared outside the door, perusing a paper file.  He closed it, entered his code, and strolled in.  It was quite a balancing act, since he’d brought his sketchbook, the file, two coffees, and had to enter his code.  Tony thought maybe he should write in an auto-open code for Steve.  After all, he was down here almost as much as Tony, and he usually carried in whatever Tony hadn’t wanted to pick up.
The second time they have sex, Tony crawls out of Steve’s arms, drags him into the largest shower Steve has ever seen.  Tony lets Steve wash him, practically purrs when Steve takes his time working shampoo into his hair, pulling Tony back against his body, his cock already hard against Tony’s ass.  He turns his head to kiss him, trying to suck as much of Steve’s tongue into his mouth as he can. Steve smiles against his mouth, disengaging gently to rinse the suds out of Tony’s hair. He does a much more perfunctory job on himself, Tony notices.  He waits until Steve has just stepped out of the shower—out of danger of slipping, onto the plush mat—to sink to his knees, pushing Steve back up against the wall with his mouth. He looks up when he hears Steve’s breath, sharp, somewhere between a gasp and choking.  His hands are clenched, pressing hard into the wall.  That won’t do at all.  Tony grins as much as he can with his mouth as full as it is—and he’s pretty sure he’s never had the pleasure of a cock this thick before, but he definitely wants future visitation rights—pulls Steve’s hands off the wall and pushes them into his hair. Steve stops breathing and complies, tangling his fingers through Tony’s curls, but holds them there gently.  Not good enough.  Tony is going to blow his goddamn mind, Steve’s not going to be able to walk after this—even better, he’s not going to want to walk away.  Tony moans, throat constricting and vibrating around Steve, who lets out a groan, can’t help himself, fingers tightening and pulling, thrusting deep and rough for a few moments before remembering himself.  Tony whines a bit when Steve pulls back, but Steve literally picks him up, carrying him over to the bed. Tony loses his train of thought just about there.  Tony doesn’t let Steve take it slow this time, he opens himself up, quick and easy, straddles Steve, pushing him back onto the pillows, sinks down so quickly he can physically see Steve tighten with worry.  The tension disappears when Tony repeats the move quickly, over and over, shivering in obvious delight. Steve sets one hand on Tony’s hips, holding him in place so he can thrust up into his body, the other slicks him up and strokes him in rhythm, making Tony start cursing, babbling nonsense and endearments, Steve’s name interspersed throughout. Steve is shiny with sweat.  Tony is starting to go hoarse and he is close, so close. Steve releases his hip to catch Tony’s hand, watching him intently, brings Tony’s hands to his lips, kisses it, sucks one finger into his mouth, says, “Tony, sweetheart,” and Tony can hear the silent command. He doesn’t make a sound as he obeys, covering Steve in his mess, shuddering, spasms rippling through him, feeling Steve pulse deep inside him, and everything feels so right, so complete, so perfect, that he can’t breathe for a moment.  He realizes he isn’t lonely. He realizes he’s in love.  He realizes that he, too, is all in.
That would actually be adorable, Tony thought.  He kept his mouth shut, though. Instead, he kept Steve for another half hour, ordering kitten supplies.  It wasn’t exactly that he wanted to keep LF around, but Steve seemed to like him, and well, he liked making Steve happy.  They settled on a half dozen toys, and Tony had them shipped to the tower.  He let Steve think that he’d put it on Steve’s card.  He probably wouldn’t get away with it for long, but there was a chance. Reluctantly, Tony got back to the desal project he’d promised Pepper.  Steve stayed, reading a book on the couch.  It made Tony unaccountably fuzzy to be able to look over and see him curled up, content.  Eventually, sometime around the point where Tony switched over to ultraglass production, Steve got up and made a pot of coffee.  He put a mug down for Tony in his workspace, in reach but out of the way.
angst and fluff and smut
The next morning, still nothing.  He picked up Pepper, Rhodey, and then Natasha, listening as Pepper talked about her new budget reports for prom, and Rhodey reminding her that the dance was still over six months away.  Natasha agreed with Pepper, though, having a good mind for budgets.
“Pepper needed me for a moment, something about Johansson,” Steve replied smoothly.  But there it was again, the same tightness in his jaw as when he lied about Barnes’s girlfriend.  Tony turned back to Selvig for his email address, this time not noticing when Stern cornered him again.  With both relief and confusion, Tony noticed Steve was, once again, a ghost. He tried to brush Stern off again, done with this game, and burning with curiosity.  He finally shook him loose as he moved toward the door, almost made it, when Obie walked in. Stern gave up, disappointed, moving off to circle easier prey.
“Initializing prismatic accelerator,” Jarvis announced.  Tony grabbed a wrench.  The last part had to be cranked by hand.
The car stopped.
“Sir has several close friends: Ms. Potts, Mr. Rhodes, Mr. Hogan.  But, if you allow me to say so, I would postulate that Sir does not make close friends easily, and less so since he was younger.  Especially since the media tend to vilify him, and forget the good he does. I would say, Captain, that he has made significant efforts to create a better world, especially in the past few years.”
“Well, like I said, I’d been sick a lot.”
Selvig looked at Steve.  Steve just shrugged and nodded.  He stretched out his hand to Brock.  Brock just looked at it, walked back to the motorcycle and flipped it on, riding away in a cloud of dust.
“I’m sorry,” he began to say.
Tony flipped it over in his hands.  It felt different. It moved differently. “I’ll take it. Just charge the account.” He grinned.  It was… interesting. Even if all he did was flatten it out into a frisbee for Rhodey.
Steve wandered down a little while later.  Tony was busy, like he always was, but he stopped what he was doing to smile at Steve and pull up the schematics for the gloves.
Steve’s head was spinning, heart a pulpy mess.  Tony knew. He knew everything. And he was on Steve’s side.  A small silver lining on a disappointing day. Not Tony’s fault. People couldn’t change who they loved, after all.  Or who they didn’t, in this case. It was overwhelmingly good news, but Steve’s heart just couldn’t seem to keep up with the roller coaster it had been on. He didn’t know what to do with the news. With his freedom from Stern.
Tony siphoned the files he needed, scanning them rapidly so he could continue his search.
He wanted to tell Pepper and Rhodey how much they meant to him, how much he loved them.  He wasn’t sure if they knew.  He tried, but sometimes he knew he said the wrong things. He threw gifts at them instead of being able to say that he cared.  He was pretty sure they knew.  But he wished he could be sure.
A week later, a new masked superhero appears.  He calls himself Nomad.
“Not mine to steal.”
Somehow, they ended up in Steve’s room, in his bed. But every time Tony tried to get rid of Steve’s pants, he managed to divert his hands somewhere else.  Finally Tony gave up.  He looked at Steve, inches from his face, mouth gorgeously pink from kissing.  Steve held back from chasing his mouth.
“Steve.  Do you. You gotta take care of yourself.  Go see an ocean, stay on a beach somewhere, chop down some trees. The world’ll be okay.”
Dr. Erskine had wandered over and now stood close to Steve.  “Ah, the famous Miss Potts, I assume?  Steve speaks highly of you.  And you must be the other half of the ‘best looking part of the track team’?” he nodded teasingly at Rhodey.  “And Tony Stark, of course.  Your reputation precedes you, of course.  I read the paper you wrote for Selvig on the scientific accuracy of
“Why didn’t you save me?” Erskine would ask, bleeding out.  “I gave you everything.”
Steve swallowed. “Yes.”
“That’s correct, Captain Rogers.”
“I want to…” Steve thinks of lying next to Tony, stretched out, sunshine warming them both.  He remembers the way Tony had smiled when Steve had brought coffee and a tiny bouquet of flowers.  The way he’d touched the petals. The way he’d smiled, and stayed, that first morning, how he hadn’t run away.
Natasha shrugged.  “You’ve got a secret. We’ve all got secrets.” She looked down for a second, at her hands. “Yours is one you need to protect.  From your family.  You don’t need to tell me. But you can, if you want.”
Steve read a dossier on Natasha Romanoff, Bruce Banner.  The notes said Banner was somewhere in India, rural.  They had tabs on him.  Steve hoped they’d let him be.  If he’d found some peace, they should let him have it.
Steve hung his head. “Sorry.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes on him, the big drama queen.  “Not Natasha, Peggy.  The new new girl.”
Tony shrugged his arm off.  “I already regret it, you asshole.” He walked quickly to the exit.
Steve picked Tony up and swept him over to the top of the stairs.
“Steve. Seriously. Have you seen you?” Modesty was nice and all, but Tony didn’t know exactly what to make of just how self-effacing Steve was being. He seemed almost embarrassed. Was he maybe just always being chased for his looks? If so, they were missing out on the rest of him. “I bet you were drowning in girlfriends.  Or boyfriends. I mean, whatever, who am I to judge, right? But you must have had your pick.”
author still knows nothing about anything. except depression?
Steve stood in his room, watching the sun go down.  This was worse than the ice.  This time he’d done it to himself knowingly, it was all on him. This time he had to live through it, instead of waking up after.  He wondered how long it would take, this time, to get to
echoing between them. Forever.
“It’s not an atom, Pep, it’s a…” Tony trailed off.  He flipped the photo onto one of the displays.  “Son of a bitch.”
Jesus fuck.  He’d thought this had been a bad night already.  Tony didn’t even say anything, just took himself off to the actual bathroom, stripped his shirt and jacket and tossed them in the bathtub.  That’s where the worst of it was.  He ran the tub, swished them around with some body wash.  And some shampoo, just for good measure.  He didn’t want to be near anything that had even touched Justin Hammer, let alone already been inside his disgusting gut.  He fished out his shirt, rinsing it. He rummaged around under the sink, looking for a hair dryer. He ran the hair dryer halfheartedly over his shirt for a few minutes, until it was slightly less sopping wet.  Fuck it.  Good enough.  He put it back on, rolling the jacket into a ball, shuddering at the clammy touch of the cotton, but needing to get out of here, get home, get somewhere alone, where he could put this horrible disappointing night about of his mind.  Besides, someone was pounding on the bathroom door now, whining about having to pee.
“What’d you think?” Coulson hadn’t dropped the mild tone but Steve could see genuine curiosity there.
"No prob, Running Man.  Needed some fresh air anyway.”
Bucky was resting peacefully, worn out, so Steve slipped out into the living room to call Natasha. He was midway through dialing her number when his phone started ringing.  Steve grabbed it before it could wake him up.
Tony didn’t have to look around the room.  This was what mattered.  He reached for Steve’s hand, pulled him close, luxuriated in the feeling of being near him. He saw Pepper notice and tear up.  She bumped into Rhodey who looked over and nodded, satisfied.  Natasha and Barnes just exchanged a look.  Then they turned the same expression on Steve, who blushed faintly.
“Brock. Rumlow.” Rhodey said. Tony knew him, of course.  A little. Rumlow had studied with Rhodey for the SATs for at least two months, trying to better his score. He was funny, but it could be a little mean sometimes.  Tony’d just figured it was something like his own humor, covering up for his own inadequacies. Hey, Tony was introspective—he knew what he was doing with his deflecting type of humor.
love with you.”
Steve didn’t want to spoil the mood, not when everything he wanted was here, in his arms, in his bed, and keenly receptive, but he had to make sure.  “Tony,” he said, struggling to control his breathing, to stay still.  “It’s not just a crush, for me, I don’t just want tonight.”
Steve swallowed.  “Sure.  But I could be the hired help.  Do the heavy lifting.”
“Tony, I’m so glad I got ahold of you.”
liked Tony.  But the guy signed his name “love” and that had to mean something, right?  He hit send and tapped his fingers impatiently on the desk.  It wasn’t like he was going to get an immediate response. He felt antsy.
“Steve,” Tony started, making himself sit up.
Steve opened the first file as Coulson closed the door.  Stark, Anthony E.
And yet.
Steve wriggled back again, as if he could somehow disappear inside of Tony, become part of him.  “It feels. Sometimes it feels like Captain America shouldn’t want this.  Shouldn’t be like this.” His voice was quiet, almost ashamed.
“Yeah. Forever.” He hadn’t planned it but he meant it.  He meant it.  Forever. Tony flattened his palm over Steve’s chest, over his heart.
In the kitchen, Steve cleaned up the mess from dinner, carefully washing and wiping each dish.  Tony Stark was not what he had expected.  Sure, he was slick, and talked fast, and worked with the privilege of money, always sure he could buy his way out of the problem.  But still.  Anyone who took profits and decided to dig wells? Maybe he wasn’t what Steve had thought.  And yes, he thought he’d heard something about intellicrops—low water usage varietals of wheat, corn, and alfalfa—suitable for use in the more inhospitable climes.  Then again, Bucky was missing an arm.  Courtesy of Stark weaponry.  It literally said so, on the side.  Branded and everything.  What kind of a traitor sells weapons, no matter what the reward, to the enemy?  And, did that really seem like the same person who was digging wells? Then there was the thing with Howard…
“Nothing’s wrong. Come in,” Tony responds.
“Yes, ma’am,” he said.  “Uh, here you go, Steve.  Just fill these out.”
Tony let half his brain do the studying, and the other half tried to think of an innocuous question that he could ask Jimmy—a litmus test, so to speak.  It had to be vague enough not to be too weird, but specific enough that not everyone would answer the same.  Obviously Batman was out; he’d tried that already. And he couldn’t really ask about Bucky.  That was way too specific, and if Jimmy
This was loving Steve Rogers, and being loved by him, and Tony would do it every day, until they died, until the stars failed, until the universe ceased to exist in vanishing motes of dust and sunlight, until forever, and even then.
A knock sounded at the door.  Steve—without a petulant bone in his body—stashed the sheaf of redacted files between the sauce pan and the stockpot before he opened the door.
Fuck this.  Tony was not going to die on Steve.  He was not going to leave him with yet another mess to clean up, another nightmare.  He was not going to do that to him.  It took him two tries, putting all the will he had left into moving his mouth, but he managed to wheeze out, “Jarvis. Reactor.”
“Spit it out, Rogers.”
Steve just smiled.  Tony smiled back like he couldn’t help it.  Steve sat on the floor, breaking the chicken into bite size pieces for the little fluffball now sitting docilely in the pile of towel as if he hadn’t been trying to tear Tony’s eyes out three minutes before.
“Nobody intends, anything, Fitz, really! It’s like you’ve forgotten you’re a scient—“
Tony jumped up. “I’ll go with you. Totally have to pee.” Maybe he’d see something more of Steve. Something that would tell him, definitively.
Which brought Tony here.  Now.  At the Valentine’s dance.  Pride be damned.
Dr. Selvig walked out with… that man did look really familiar, but not familiar-familiar, but like he’d seen his picture or he was an extra in a ton of movies… Or like he was in a… textbook? Dr. Erskine, right? He was a pioneer in bioethics and developing CRISPR technologies.  Dr. Selvig turned and gave Erskine a brief hug, patting him on the back sympathetically.  The two turned to look toward the driveway, where Tony’s brain was busy catching up with him.  Abe? Abraham? As in Dr. Abraham Erskine was Steve’s adopted dad?  How had he never known this? What else had Steve been quietly keeping hushed up? It made sense why they’d never met before—Erskine was constantly on panels in bioethics conventions. He probably traveled more than Howard.
“Don’t take any shit, Steve,” Tony muttered to the empty room.
“Print, J.  Make it so,” Tony ordered, starting to wind down. He checked his phone.  Three text messages from Rhodey, all wondering why Happy was so upset, what blonde giant he was keeping in his tower—had he found Rapunzel?—and no, he couldn’t get confidential files just so Happy could print badges, and what on earth was going on? Tony grinned.  Good old Rhodey.  He’d text him back after he went over the blueprints, Tony decided.  He rolled up the plans, patted Dum-E on the arm, and left the workshop for the formal office.
That was it.  That was everything.  Tony tried to send a quick message back, but it bounced back.  Undeliverable.
The blood drained from Tony’s face.  No one could look at his phone.  “Please, Coulson—” he started.
Steve barely noticed. He sent a quick text to Bucky, telling him that things were okay. That old phone of his had finally given up the ghost and he didn’t want Bucky to worry. He was surprised when he got back a message almost immediately.
Steve’s eyebrows drew together, worried.  Tony knew that expression.  “I. This is. This is my place.  You said, and this is my place. Where I go.”
Tony’s vision was a haze of red. He could practically feel his blood pressure spike dangerously—couldn’t tell if he was more angry or confused, although scared could probably round out the top three.  Steve was no one’s rent boy, didn’t belong to Tony. How dare Obie talk about him in that condescending tone? But figure out what? And how? And how did he know whatever it was that he knew?
They loaded into the car, everyone. Tony’d had to borrow the Q7, but he didn’t mind.  Pepper hopped in the front seat, Rhodey in the next, and Peggy still fussing a bit over Steve in the back.
“You asked for it?” Tony was across the room from him, moonlight glancing off of the blue glass of his lenses. His posture was too still. Too stiff.
, Tony reasoned with himself.  Because Howard would goddamn never find out.  Not until Tony was living on his own, paying his own way, far far from his father.
Tony’s toes started to tingle after a minute.  After another minute, just the tips of his fingers.  His movement was going to return to him.  With an enormous act of willpower, he forced his head down to see where his shirt was still unbuttoned.  He huffed a tiny laugh, as much as he could with his current inability to breathe.  The center of his reactor was flickering violently, the light intermittent, and less than the dead spaces in between.  Obie’d done real damage.
Tony tried to get up when the doorbell rang, but it appeared physically impossible from the way he was wedged in between them all.
Love, Flying”
“Okay.” Oh.  Oh god.
“Well, look at that.  What is that, a Cubano? I didn’t know you had it in you. Just put it on the workbench.” Tony looked over. It smelled delicious. A hot blonde bringing him grilled sandwiches for lunch? That was worth taking a break for.  Even if the idiot was on the wrong trail about the weapons. “Dum-E, hold the prototype.” Steve looked affronted for a second. Tony laughed. “No, not you, blondie. Steve, meet Dum-E.  Dum-E, Steve.” He gestured to the claw holding the metal shards. He took off the gloves and wiped them on a towel, shoved his glasses onto the top of his head.
“What am I doing here?” His tone was strained, but that was pretty much to be expected under the circumstances.
Howard.  Howard didn’t figure prominently in Steve’s dreams. They’d never been close. Howard was too young, too arrogant, back when they’d known each other, to be a good father. But he had been a genius, that’s for sure.  If this Anthony was an upgrade, he had to be incredible. He started to peruse the file.  A young kid, the same curly hair and big eyes.  On the cover of
“Mr. Jarvis—“
Love,
This was truly thoughtful, clarity and intent showing in each detail.  He noticed the notation in the upper right corner.  Oman/Pakistan.  So, refugee camps from ISIS, from the Taliban.  Steve’s mouth tightened.  This he knew. Without thinking, he picked up the heavy pen that clipped the pages together, adding notations throughout.  The security was good, but it needed to be heavier in the girls’ quarters.  The school rooms should be separated, and the building for school girls reinforced.  There needed to be a temporary mosque.  Prayer rugs for those who lost theirs in flight.  The muezzin’s tower should be more centralized, and protected from sniper fire.  The wells should be dug deeper, about another 10 meters—Steve had led one mission against a local insurgent who was targeting water systems that weren’t dug deep enough. The filtration system should also be equipped for bioweaponry prevention.  A greenhouse for local food production.  It wouldn’t be enough, but it would help with some of the vitamins and minerals.  The area was good for growing oranges, pomegranates, onions.  They could grow fruit and vegetables to help prevent scurvy and other malnutrition problems that weren’t as effectively covered by the food donations.
Tony shook his head.  “Nah, J’s got everything covered.  Just come over at eight.” He walked off, stuffing his hands down into his pockets.
Natasha nodded, looking at over at Steve while she pulled Bucky’s hair back into a hairband.  “Of course he is. We saw the way he was looking at you. Besides, who doesn’t want you?”
“I certainly do not!” Peggy agreed.  “You simply can’t do it.”
“No, seriously, Steve. What did he say?” Nat asked, elbowing Bucky in the ribs.
“Sure, good ahead, Harrison Ford.  Your buddies looking out for you? Put it on speaker.”
Finally, he pushed the door open, stepping into the darkness.  He was surprised by the pool of light, falling on Steve’s smooth chest, haloing the heavy tome in his hand.
Natasha looked surprised.  “He said that? He said, ‘Steve, I only have sex with people who have vaginas?’”
Steve felt more alone than ever as he watched him go.
, he admonished himself bitterly.
(Mod)Wilson: Hey there, Cap.  That’s some good advice. We know what it feels like, to be left behind.  But if someone feels like you are worth saving, it’s a good place to start.  To make their faith in you real.
“Pleased to meet you, Ma’am. Ms. Potts.  Pepper, I mean,” he stumbled, blushing again.  Her gaze went even more shrewd.
“You too,” Steve says.
Of course it was. Of course. That was just perfect.  Barnes’s animosity made a lot of sense. Not Tony’s fault, not in the direct way, anyway.
Natasha shoved him gently toward the family room.  “You’ll be fine. Big baby.”
He downloaded the next batch of messages.  They loaded fairly quickly, thanks to Natasha’s ominously named leechandiwill3ndy0u wifi. Mostly just dates and times.  Negotiations and counteroffers, narrowing down to a specific date and time with more details on the target.
his bedroom.
“Interesting,” Tony said, dumping silver powder over the filter.  That was really precise.  If he didn’t hate magic so much, he might be interested in recruiting the woman.  If she weren’t a witch.  And also crazy.  Then a thought occurred to him. “Wait a sec, Bruce kept it in his system until midnight?”
“How cave-man of you,” Natasha put in, peevishly.
“No, Bucky.  You don’t get to do that.  I know why you were doing it, but you gotta get yourself that arm.  Nothing else.  Nat’s counting on you, so… Just go home.  I’ll be fine.”
Dude, they live literally next door to you.  Ask them yourself.
Well, Steve was straight, but at least Tony could understand.  He had good taste, was all.  Great taste, actually.  And he could see how a little bit of hero-worship could totally turn into a crush.  But at least Steve wouldn’t actually be competition.  For Tony.  If Pieter was actually who Tony thought he was.  Because he was, right? It made sense.  The cookies, the sport, the chess, the last year of school… maybe he learned to adopt that American accent by watching
“Is it okay if I come in?” Tony asked, still hovering at the door.
The feel of his fingers on Steve’s face, pressing on his lips. His dark eyes, fragile and longing. The spicy scent of his cologne, underlying notes of fire. The trail of Tony’s fingers still burned in his mind.  He wanted him so badly he ached with it, needing to touch him, needing to feel him. In the end though, he couldn’t.  Not with the taste of scotch still in his mouth, the woodsy flavor and smoke on his lips, the sharp bite of alcohol fresh on his tongue. Tony had evaded alcohol all night; it had been a coup. Steve could see the sense of accomplishment and contentedness Tony felt.  Steve wouldn’t drag Tony down from his success. He couldn’t.
(Mod)Wilson: Thanks for stopping by.  Anyone want to start off?
The line goes dead. Tony sits with the stupid phone in his hand, thinking of what Rogers would do if he were here.  If he was the one on dad duty. Be closer, probably.  Well, he can do that.
Nat sent out a text almost immediately—Hammer, Tony, Pepper, Steve, Sam, Rhodey… Picking up some last minute community service wrapping presents at the mall for Black Friday.  She brought everyone a coffee, handing them all out personally, including one for Hammer.  She instructed them on proper wrapping technique, folding all the edges under.  Steve was the best at it, all of his edges perfect and neat, but she helped Hammer more than the rest of them.  Of course, that was also because he was sloppy and lazy, but still.  It did end up with him getting more attention, so the beast was kept at bay. Tony was exhausted when he got home, and sporting three paper cuts.
Tony transferred the scotch to his right hand, resting it on the table. Steve moved to the edges of his vision so Tony knew it was him. Turning his back to obscure his movements, he deftly switched out his own apple juice for the scotch.  Tony betrayed only a flicker of an eyebrow toward Steve to indicate his confusion, but Steve just turned back to the group, smiling placidly. Maya moved closer to Tony, slipping an arm around him and sliding her hand over his lapels.  Tony’s smile set and Steve could see tensions in the corners of his eyes. He sighed internally, ruefully realizing he’d been paying enough attention to Tony to see minute changes in the set of his mouth and eyes.
Wanda let out a breath that carried an unspoken expletive. “Difficult times.”
“Is Steve in trouble?”
Steve looks at him.  Then he smiles a little. “You don’t know that.”
He returned to his book to calm himself, sketching the arc reactor he’d only seen in person twice. It was beautiful. It was perfect symmetry and balance. The aesthetic was incisive, intuitive. For being a piece of machinery, it was startlingly natural. He pulled apart the pieces in the next sketches, aligning them into a Fibonacci spiral, then expanding them to cover the page in fractals, then building them into a sort of modified tesseract, finally manipulating each fragment into something new—clearly the arc reactor, but something resembling a sun, surrounded by planets, moons held in tow around them.
Sometimes, if I have a really hard day or a really good day—I know that doesn’t make a lot of sense, that it’s both—I go to this place in Central Park.  I can see the bridge from it and it’s beautiful. It’s always beautiful. And it makes me feel like there’s something there, something that will always be there, that I’ll always have.  Somewhere that I’ll always have.  My life has been through a lot of changes, and it’s nice to have a constant.  I went there today, and I just thought that it would be so nice if you could have that feeling too.  Is there anything like that for you?
Obadiah chuckled again, dropping the book onto the table and taking the pair of needle nose pliers from his shirt pocket. He sat next to Tony on the couch, a horrible imitation of camaraderie. “You know I’d… I’d feel bad, if I thought I was cutting your life short.  But, like you said, you’ve only got a couple days left anyway.  I’ll just… make this,” he pulled the reactor partially out of the casing, “a little faster…” He poked at the remaining cell with the tip of the pliers, a grating noise as it scratched, damaging it.  It flickered erratically. He smiled, a shark’s smile.  And now Tony saw exactly what Steve had seen.  How had he known? Obadiah slotted the reactor back into his chest.  “Howard’s kid.  I hate to imagine what he’d think of you now. Still can’t quite live up to the Stark name.” Stane patted his shoulder in a fatherly way, still chuckling.  He put the rest of the sketchbook next to Tony on the couch, crumpled the one of himself, and threw it in the fireplace. He tapped on the reactor again with his pliers.  The last sectional light went out.
Steve turned his back, leaving the door open.  He could come in if he wanted.  Maybe he wanted to check where the listening devices were.  “Seems like he’s gone through a lot,” was all he said.
Steve nodded, not sure why Tony was asking.  How that would lead to the inevitable,
“Abe.  I. I need to talk to you.” Dr. Erskine motioned to the table and Steve sat down. “I know that when you agreed to become my guardian, it was a big decision for you, and it was really kind.  I don’t want to make that harder for you.” He took a deep breath. “But I have something I need to tell you.” Steve’s core roiled.  He held down the need to vomit, stifled the shaking that seemed to emanate from his center. “I’m gay.” He looked at his hands, clenched knuckles, whitening. He couldn’t breathe.  Everything seemed to hang in this moment.
Steve’s lungs expanded, his entire body glowing, luminescent. “You heard?”
Tony looked at her, briefly, then back at the road.  They were driving to the first big competition, Tony had the robot loaded up and was preparing to drive alone when Natasha had swung her backpack into the back and climbed into the passenger seat.
Steve shook his head.  He actually didn’t know the protocol for this.  Normally he’d pack a bag lunch for himself, saving money. But how would he do that if he wasn’t going to be going home? He grimaced. It wasn’t even really home.  He was just crashing at Natasha’s, anyway.  It wouldn’t be hard for whichever person ended up going to get his stuff.  It was still all packed into his old military duffle.
“Um,” he said. “I assume that was a yes?”
11:49.
Tony nods.  “Lie low for a few, would you?”
“Run a search.”
Tony switched channels.
But through it all, Tony’s days were a little more lonely.  A little less meaningful.  A little less.  And it’s not like he had spent time moping on the couch—on the contrary. He’d gotten into MIT, with offers from Cal Tech, Berkeley, and, unaccountably, three from Harvard.  He’d somehow been voted royalty for the Valentine’s dance—whether it was someone’s twisted joke or just a strong statement of support, either way, he’d take it.  And if anything, his friends had all gotten closer.  But still.  Through it all, every day.  He still thought about Flying.  Still wondered.  Flying said Tony wouldn’t want him, if he knew. Said he didn’t want to disappoint him.  Like Tony mattered to him.  Like he cared.
“You’re not wrong. I still have a bit to do with that. I also need to get people to come into the tower to actually work on converting it over. I could do it all myself, but it would take even longer that way.”
Grabbing his shield as he scrambled up, Steve swung it. But the problem with fighting another sentinel was he could see movements as quickly as Steve could; the problem with fighting another super soldier was he was easily as strong as Steve… Schmidt definitely at least cracked some of Steve’s ribs with his punch, then he managed to shove him back.
Steve frowned, but didn’t have time to ask before Stark was offering more information.
“That is the point. That’s Loki’s point. He hit us all right where we live. Why?”
“Doctor?” Steve was in a room with two geniuses; he wanted to hear their opinions.
“Is it permanent?”
“It’s been tested more than you, pal.” Stark retorted, but there was a bright spark of amusement along their bond.
“I am the first of many.” He boasted. “Cut off one head, two more shall take its place. Hail Hydra.”
“Yeah. There’s a lot of things Fury doesn’t tell you.” Tony stated as his gaze shifted over to the spear that was on the seat away from Loki.
“We’re hours off bedtime and you’re nagging already?” He asked, raising an eyebrow as he skimmed back to Clint Baton’s file.
“What did she say?” Tony swung into the backseat and Steve followed.
“Please don’t do this.” Peggy begged, and Steve wished more than anything he could do that. “We have time. We can work it out.”
“Completely.”
And he couldn’t help grinning as he saw them waiting. They had a very long walk ahead of them, but he didn’t much care what Philips did to him after this. It was worth it.
He headed over to his bike and sat down in the saddle. He had a day to himself, no definite plan until he had to meet this therapist tomorrow afternoon.
------
“I don’t want to kill anyone.” It probably wasn’t the answer they were looking for with a war on, but it was true; even so, he tried to explain himself. “I don’t like bullies. I don’t care where they’re from.”
It sounded like a good place to go. “And he didn’t invite me.” Tony flew off to meet the alien.
Tony looked a little anxious, and Steve knew that they needed to spend some time together to help settle both their nerves and their bond; Tony’s trip into space was not easy to forget, nor the pain and the loneliness that had come from that distance.
“Yes, I think it works.” She managed a tight smile, before she marched passed him with her lips flattened in a carefully blank expression.
“You think Fury’s hiding something?” He pushed back the rising frustration to consider this properly.
.” The archer spoke up as two of Tony’s followers crashed into the pavement, unable to pull up nimbly enough.
He opened the knee plates and had the blades slide out as he planned to do as much damage as possible with this attack, then he flew straight down the leviathan’s gullet, allowing JARVIS to keep him on track as he released his missiles and twisted his arms enough to fire his repulsors.
Tony stared at the gap where Bruce’s cell used to be. His back to the place where Coulson had died. They hadn’t cleaned all the blood yet; there were other, more important things for people to be doing. But it just seemed wrong.
“Yeah, but only since that experiment.” He shrugged. “Doctor Erskine said something about the serum making the perfect person, so I guess having my senses all increased is a part of it.”
Fury turned to look at him. “Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract.” He looked like he was trying to be reassuring, but Fury didn’t know that Steve was a guide and could feel the anger within him. “This does not mean that we’re making-”
“What do you plan to do?” Peggy asked as she watched him grab stuff. “Walk to Austria?”
“If anyone is around to make us food, then I’ll be there.” He assured him, though he was currently more tired than hungry. “Can you get up to your tower?”
“Your metabolism burns four times faster than the average person. He thought it could be one of the side effects.” She said, picking up a chair from the floor, setting it up right and sitting down.
But Tony’s attention had already moved to the files; the tests they had been doing with the Tesseract, the machine they been trying to use to harness its power, the way it had opened a doorway allowing Loki of Asgard to reach them… Loki apparently had a spear that allowed him to control people. Was he a particularly powerful guide and the spear enhanced his abilities, or did it give him new ones?
“Sir, we will lose power before we penetrate the shell.” JARVIS reminded him as he tried slicing it with his laser.
“Crying?” His sentinel asked; he felt both Bucky and Falsworth’s surprise at his statement, but he was confident that he was right.
“Yeah.” Gabe sighed, sliding a finger under his helmet to scratch. “Doctor Klaus Schmidt. Another random scientist Hitler’s forgotten about, I think.” He shrugged as they all turned and headed back down the ladder.
“Then prove it.” Steve foolishly challenged. “Put down the hammer.”
“We are aware that you are a soldier who crash landed in early April 1945. There, you were frozen by the ice for sixty seven years. You were part of the inspiration for the Captain America comics but very few people will recognise you as such because there were only a handful of photos released identifying you as Captain Rogers after Peter Cooper’s death in 2007. There have been other photos of you with the Howling Commandos group, however you were never named in them. It is now April 19th in 2012.”
Guides often developed a more unique ability for their individual person as well. Steve had always been good at sensing the emotions of others, Falsworth had been good at detecting how many other people were in their area, Stanley, Cooper’s guide, had had a similar ability, but his range had been smaller and he’d been able to detect animals as well; the guy had once said they didn’t want to ask how many living things were in the area because the actual answer would make him vomit. He’d never really known many other guides, but Black Widow’s ability to hide herself from his mind wasn’t too hard to understand… even if it did make her feel weirdly like half a person; he’d never encountered anyone he couldn’t detect at all before and it made it a little tough to accept that she was really there.
For the most part, the SHIELD-lings ignored him. They were all so focussed on their work that he barely had to nudge at their minds to overlook him, but it meant that he could get started on the more fiddly repairs while aboard the helicarrier; it was easier to keep a steady hand on a ship this size than it would be the jet, so he’d just sneak out later. To be fair, he was pretty sure Fury had been goading them to do something, but he wasn’t sure if the director wanted them to head off like this or not. He liked to be in control, but even Tony (who was admittedly not the most sensitive guide when it came to other people’s feelings) had felt the devastation from Fury when Coulson had died.
“Just trying to keep them off the streets.” He explained lightly, checking to see if there were many more dotted around.
Like a child who had been told ‘no’, Loki glowered as he approached him. “How will your friends have time for me, when they’re so busy fighting you?” The sceptre hit the arc reactor, and although Tony could feel a shift in the air, nothing happened. “This usually works.” He twisted his wrists meaningfully, waiting for the armour to deploy.
“Is- Is that?” Bucky murmured, his eyes struggling to focus.
“So, you’re Tony’s new sentinel?” The man asked as he strode into the room, his sharp eyes clearly noting Steve’s small but muscled form as he blinked away the haze.
“You know, those sweatpants are drowning you.”
He accepted it with a small smile. “Captain, huh? Army?” Steve nodded. “I’m Colonel James Rhodes, but just call me Rhodey.”
“What do you think?” He asked, holding it up to show her, wanting her approval.
“I’ve got a nuke coming in. It’s gonna blow in less than a minute.” He passed the Verrazano Bridge, thrusting back up and over to reach the missile. “And I know just where to put it.”
The men nodded again and crept off to the side. Steve led Bucky, Falsworth and Cooper along the next corridor. The whole thing had him on edge for one simple reason; he couldn’t smell Schmidt at all around here; whether it had been a long time since he had been here, or whether he sent other people to collect the special guests he gather, Steve wasn’t sure… But it meant he didn’t know what to expect at all; he didn’t know who was in charge here.
“Let him know?” It was a long time since he’d been this unsure about a relationship of any level, not since he’d been a teenager with parents! Even when they’d argued, Pepper had taken a moment to let him know where they were at before she stormed out; Happy was both a good friend and employee, which he had been pretty much since Tony had met him at his job interview; and Rhodey had been his friend since they’d met at MIT. Tony trusted the three of them with everything and it was a little bizarre and almost frightening to think someone else might finally be joining that small circle.
The older boy prodded him in the forehead with a long finger. “That’s because you never get caught.”
“We’re not finished yet.” Thor pointed out, though his tone was gentler than it had been so far when talking to Tony. But Steve supposed the alien would not forget about his brother, despite everything else that was happening.
“You guys were the last ones I rescued from a base, so I wouldn’t complain.”
“I don’t understand.” He grumbled with a frown, unable to see how a skinny kid with a list of health problems was what they needed.
“No! My son!” a woman sobbed behind him as he crouched behind some large pipelines and listened carefully. “No! Don’t hurt him! No!”
“Well, it’s a fair.” He shrugged, unable to looking into the expression on his friend’s face. “I’m gonna try my luck.”
“He doesn’t need to.” Bucky grumbled as they headed over to the grocers. “He gives me this disappointed look and I kind of want to hide away and never do anything wrong again.” Steve could almost feel Bucky’s irritation in the air, with a chunk of humour that was hidden from his face. Steve had gotten good over the past few months at knowing what Bucky was feeing without him needing to say anything.
“You know the bit where we have a true bond, pal?”
“I know.” He scraped his fingers through his hair. “And hopefully I will be.”
“They can study my blood without me being there.” He objected, already hating where this was going. He was awful at sitting still and doing nothing.
“When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?” Agent Hill asked curiously.
Steve huffed slightly, unable to fully disagree. “My body and my mind are more exhausted now than ever before.” He grouched light heartedly.
It would have been interesting, he supposed, if he wasn’t the test subject. However, having someone add a few drops of mild poison to his already bland slop was not appreciated, nor was the fact that he’d been unable to swallow more than one mouthful before he’d started gagging and chucking up.
“No, but the Smithsonian did an exhibit several years ago, after Captain Cooper’s death as he left them his photo collection from his time as Captain America. There will be several there.”
“The picture of the man? I think I’ve seen it before.” Or a picture of it, he supposed because he could remember it in black and white; the man standing on a bridge with his hands up to his face, his mouth open.
“It is 7:36 in the evening.” There was a pause before Mr Jarvis spoke again. “Mr Stark is in his workshop but will be heading up to the kitchen momentarily. If you head out this room and then straight down the corridor, you will reach the kitchen. You may help yourself to any food and drink that you wish.”
He stared across the gap, knowing at least his friend was safe… but Bucky wasn’t moving away.
“Oh yes, Steven.” She was smiling again, her hands resting on her lap as she leaned back in her chair. “People like to use computers for a lot of stuff these days, but people are slow to switch from the feel of a book in their hands to reading their novels from a computer screen. And a lot of reference books and text books are still at the library because they are expensive to buy and once they have been used for assignments or general research, they aren’t always used again so it’s easier to borrow from a library than buying something that will sit mostly unused.”
Still, humanity did have one trump card. “The Avengers.” Loki turned around to give him a puzzled look. Maybe Barton hadn’t gotten round to explaining this bit to him, that they had a team name and everything. “It’s what we call ourselves, sort of like a team. ‘Earth’s Mightiest Heroes’ type of thing.”
” He heard Natasha say as she had apparently made it up to Selvig. “
He sometimes wondered what it would be like if people knew that they were the Howling Commandos; the artists always drew a group of guys who were similar to their group, but not close enough that they were ever recognised. There were a handful of photos of Cooper with them, but they were only ever labelled ‘Captain Cooper and the troops’. Steve, he knew, had been given the option of having a photo in the comics, because Captains Rogers and Cooper were the inspirations of Captain America, but Steve had said no.
The uniform he’d picked was still made up of the dark blue colours that his old one had been, but the star on the front was a lighter grey, to be slightly more visible than it used to be. The helmet had little wings painted on the side, similar to Cooper’s cowl and the boots and gloves were just regular dark leather. The men had told him he had to look at least a little like Captain America while they had been drinking last night, so he added in stripes down the torso of his outfit too, in two different shades of dark blue. He’d need to work with Howard to be able to attach his shield to his back, but he didn’t care for bright colours as he wasn’t doing this to be in newspapers.
” He stated, feeling bitterly amused by his uselessness.
“What happened to you?” Bucky asked as Steve upped the pace.
If he got to have a shield too, that wasn’t going to be in any bold, noticeable colours either.
“Should have asked Agent Carter to go dancing with you.” Steve’s face reddened at Bucky’s words. “She would have said yes.”
Dodging the gunfire, Steve grabbed one of the fallen guns and shot back at him, making the man hide behind the doorframe. Shuffling backwards, he edged towards the lever; he didn’t want Tony to get ripped to shreds because he got distracted. He avoided shooting to kill, uncertain on what to do; it was unfair to kill them if they were being controlled by Loki, but he wasn’t going to let them win either.
“Like trying to drive from the backseat, leaning over someone to control the steering wheel?”
“Give yourself some credit, please.” He insisted; he would rather develop the tech anytime over having to talk to snobs in suits about why they should buy it. He just didn’t have the patience for that. “Give yourself twelve percent of the credit.”
Crouching down behind a trunk, Steve searched his mostly dormant bond trying to see if he was close enough to Bucky to feel him, or if they’d been apart so long that he needed to be closer. But to be honest, it was hard to say. He could feel something, but it was muted in a way that could either be distance or… or there could be something wrong with Bucky’s mind. He shuddered at the idea, but it tightened his resolve and he moved.
“Thanks.” The burger had an odd flavour to it, but it was warm, covered in cheese and a gift from his guide, so Steve quickly devoured it.
“Shall we play, doctor?” Tony turned to Bruce, and Steve tried not to feel disappointed at that. He’d been the one pointing out how important it was to get to work on this, so it was good that they were going to do just that.
An MP stepped into the room, looking slightly bored as he waited for a moment. He was quickly followed by an older man, a slight smile quirking the sides of his mouth as he dismissed the MP and watched Steve for a moment.
“We…” Stark dropped to his knees on the sidewalk and looked into Steve’s face. “I can feel you in my head.” His voice was soft, awed and there was a smile beginning to spread. “I’ve read about true bonds but this is… Wow.”
“There was an overload one of the generators in R&D, sir, which caused an explosion when you switched over the power in the building to the ARC reactor.” JARVIS sounded apologetic as he explained.
“Napping? I gave my life to stop Schmidt and you-” He clenched his hand around his belt to stop himself from swinging. He’d wipe Stark out if he actually hit him.
“In New York? Course there is. Last one?”
Tony spotted several more stragglers getting close to the perimeter and blasted over to them, his own sheep following after.
Steve didn’t acknowledge her, his mind still too frenzied to form words, but he knew he would risk a child if he just ran in there. He slowed down and stepped carefully out into view, his hands held up before him, trying to make soothing noises when he still couldn’t form words. Thankfully, the man had run out of ammo when he switched targets to shoot Steve instead, and he threw the boy into the water before running again.
“Another Asgardian?” Natasha shouted back as Steve asked “That guy’s a friendly?”
“The hell I can’t.” Steve responded, looking up at her; she really was beautiful with all that dark hair whipping around her face, he wasn’t going to let these two fly him further into danger. “I’m a captain.” Then he tugged his goggles down and jumped out, trusting Stark to get them both to safety.
By the time Peggy found him, sitting in the ruins of the pub he used to sit in with Bucky when they were in London, he felt utterly miserable. After all, he had no one to blame but himself for Bucky’s death.
“I was going to read my book, but thought I’d just shut my eyes for a minute.” He explained, shifting to sit comfortably.
“Oh yeah.” He wasn’t good at cards, but it was fun to join in. It was already Tuesday evening, the train ride here taking the afternoon and then the ride back on Thursday morning would fill in the end of it, but it was nice to spend one day away from the camp.
“No? You are not the man the good doctor chose? Captain Rogers, the real inspiration for Captain America?” The man asked as he stepped onto the walkway and slowly paced towards them.
“You bastards.” Falsworth grouched good-naturedly, but even he couldn’t quite hide his grimace as he ate. “We were missing a few important ingredients. I had to improvise.”
He glanced around, wondering if there was another way out, when he noticed a map on the back wall. He focussed quickly on the six marked locations before taking most of Bucky’s weight over his shoulders and half carrying him out. His water flask was hidden near the clearing, and he’d share when they got away.
“You done with the violence?” Tony’s soothing voice permeated the sentinel’s jumbled thoughts.
He took out as many of them as he could before getting captured and led straight to the man of his nightmares.
“Following’s not really my style.” Tony popped another blueberry into his mouth.
“I’m not taking any photos of this.” Falsworth promised, and Steve could feel his amusement along their surface bond.
” Steve sounded winded and there was pain coming along their bond, though it was lessening as Tony increased their distance.
“Not really. There just aren’t that many bad guys running around who need something like this to take them down.” A grin twisted Tony’s lips as he glanced outside. “I help the emergency services out, so this suit can become airtight to stop me breathing in smoke and JARVIS keeps the inside at a steady temperature. I also have screens inside the helmet for scanning, in case I can’t see very well.”
He wanted to ask if he’d be allowed to go fight now, thoughts of joining the 107th drifting half formed through his mind, but moving his mouth and making coherent sounds seemed like a lot of effort. Instead, he focussed on not falling over as Stark dragged him back to everyone else.
The awkward silence was short, but Tony didn’t like it. “What’s your name?” Rogers looked up, curiosity rippling lightly along their brand new bond. “Hey, if we’ve got a true bond, we should know things… like names.”
Steve grinned slightly. He’d dialled down his sense of smell, so it wasn’t bothering him at all. “These are old buildings. You’d think they’d do something about this obvious gap in security.”
“Last year, Earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge match that levelled a small town.” Fury’s exasperation was plain on his face. “We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously outgunned.”
“I can’t stay.”  Coulson was considerate enough to inform them straight away, making Tony wonder if he’d been cornered by Pepper before and found himself unable to escape.
“That’s because you’re bad at keeping yourself busy. Even your Ma says so.” Steve tried to smile but failed. He wrapped his hands around the tops of his arms as he stared at his friend. “S-so you need to listen to me instead and stop thinking about the pain.”
The half feral snarl that erupted from him wasn’t faked at all and it made the doctor jump. He finally lifted his eyes to stare at Steve, before backing slowly away.
But Steve quickly realised he should have disarmed his foe, or actually killed him when the man made an appearance again, shooting his weapon as Steve shoved Bucky out the way. Having had no chance to brace himself, Steve dropped his shield and hit the wall as the deflected blast tore a hole in the side of the train.
He dodged passed Peggy Carter, ignoring her shout as his bare feet slapped against the pavement. His anger gave him a single minded focus to chase the murderer down, so much so that Steve didn’t even consider his ability to catch up with the car to be odd, or how his lungs continued without strain. He climbed over moving vehicles in movements he would have never even considered before, and didn’t try to think about now. The soldier didn’t even pause until the man had grabbed a boy as his hostage and Steve’s own mind returned to him enough that his tactics changed.
“They will undoubtedly shoot back.” Peggy didn’t sound amused, but Steve was already worried about this mission without thinking too hard about it.
“Mr Stark.” Coulson greeted and Tony didn’t necessarily mind the guy, but he preferred his visitors to be invited.
“I think she likes who you are, punk.”
“Really?” Steve said, looking between the three of them.
” Tony explained, grunting occasionally as he hefted bit of engine back into place.
And Dum Dum, Jim and Gabe; always chatting about their girls back home. Had they survived long enough to see them again? Jacques had had a family, a wife and a young son; what had happened to him? Had Falsworth stayed in France like he’d been considering, or had he moved somewhere else?
Another week and he’d know where he was going next, but for now he was happy enough here.
He was definitely starting to get annoyed again, for reasons he almost couldn’t explain. “Yet you’re confused about why they don’t want you around.” While Steve didn’t really mind his actions, his flippant attitude left a lot to be desired.
Once he felt the truck park, he knocked out the soldier who tried to look inside, then jumped out and ran for cover. He ducked behind the armoured vehicles with the Hydra logo on then: a skull with six tentacles curling out below. He took a deep breath and looked out; he’d read about Hydra in the files he’d been able to access, but he’d had no idea their branch of the Nazi army was so large. He quickly spotted a way in, and gave himself no time to think it through; he ran over to the tank jumped up onto it and onto the roof of the building beside it.
“Yes sir. Normal flight time would take more than seven hours but if I keep track of airline communications, I should be able to increase your speed so that your reach your destination about half an hour after SHIELD does.”
“Some people spend their lives dream of a true bond, and you get one after less than a day of being a sentinel.” Falsworth murmured, his voice slightly awed.
“Captain Rogers? Mr Rogers? Steven? Steve?” He repressed a shiver at being called Mr Rogers; it reminded him of his schoolmaster from the days he’d been well enough to attend. Doctor Foster gave him a moment but when he didn’t say anything she glanced around to see what he was looking and she smiled again. “It’s quite a mix, I know, but those ones are pictures that my grandchildren made for me. I know they don’t match the prints of actual works of art I have up too, but I like to see them during the day.”
Steve’s eyes shot open and he jolted into a sitting position.
The inventor ran a hand through his hair with a sigh as Happy grabbed the small card which had electronic money on it and held it against the device that took the money off it. “I mean, if you want your own space then that’s fine. Last time I wasn’t expecting guests so I didn’t have any other rooms made up, but I’ve changed the two floors underneath mine into a living space for the Avengers so you could have more space there. I’m working on convincing everyone to move in.”
Flying alongside the living leviathan, he began looking for any advantage he could find. “JARVIS, find me a soft spot.”
Steve took his hand off his guide’s back, but didn’t move back as the electricity visibly shot over the surface of the suit and the blue glow of the arc reactor spluttered back into existence.
Steve scowled at his hands as they tightened on his knees. Useless… He’d felt useless for so much of his life and now he had officials telling him that he was indeed little more than a problem that needed to be tucked away from everything important.
Tony normally hated other people trying on his stuff, but Rogers looked good; it send a possessive thrill through him that he stamped down before the other guy picked up on it. “I’ve got stuff to do. You sleep and I’ll see you later.”
Bucky’s eyes lifted and he stared almost desperately at Steve. In his whole eight years and two months of life, Steve had dealt with agonising pain more than a handful of times and so he knew his friend needed a distraction. Unfortunately, Bucky had always been the best one to distract him from his own problems; well, unless you counted Steve’s Ma – her hugs were the best, with her strong arms over his back and her general smell and just the fact that she was there. But Steve wasn’t hugging Bucky when he had head lice, he could keep the little bugs to himself.
Once they reached the tower, Rogers silently followed him through the reception area to the elevator; thankfully, Tony could feel his mind starting to come back online as he judged the immediate threat gone. It didn’t stop the ride up to his floors from being awkward though; Rogers hunched his shoulders slightly and stared intently at Tony’s face, making the man wonder if he was claustrophobic, but he didn’t ask. It wasn’t a slow ride like in most elevators so they were stepping out soon enough.
“And you’ve been doing what, exactly?”
Steve jumped violently at the loud sound.  “Excuse me?” He glared as he squinted over at Mr Stark, carefully adjusting his hearing to normal levels. “You’re the one who gave me this clothing.” The man was standing in the kitchen area, leaning against a counter as he watched Steve shuffle over to stand a few metres away.
Thor was crouched over him and looking up, Steve could see that portal had closed. “What?” He croaked, allowing the alien prince to pull him up.
“They’re thirty miles behind the lines.” Philips interrupted him, moving to stand beside a map that Steve hadn’t noticed. “Through some of the most heavily fortified territory in Europe. We’d lose more men than we’d save. But I don’t expect you to understand that because you’re a chorus girl.”
