in which Dean makes a Die Hard reference, but very much wants to live
There’s an entire world humans couldn’t see, and celestials never cared enough to look for. A realm that exists in all the empty spaces – in every crack in ice and stone, in the hollow of every root and vein, in every unused crevice inside the structures carved and erected by that so-called
The second he heard something crack, a sharp, searing pain spiked in his ribs – as though he’d cracked his
are nothing.”
Something
At first, Dean struggled to comprehend what he was seeing. The figure that stood before him
“Please,” Cas said, his gaze still locked on Not-Jimmy. “Forgive me.”
As Dean lifted his foot off the gas to give up, Not-Cas’s arm bent backwards at the elbow, and it raised its hand in a sickening, broken wave.
He didn’t quite know why there was a twinge of nervousness coiled just beneath his ribs. They’d fought
Something was horribly wrong.
Sam looked at him warily. “Hang on, Dean,” Sam said, keeping his voice steady as to not provoke him. “Didn’t Cas wake it up and really piss it off?”
“Fuck, no, just let me…” He took in another deep breath to ground himself. “I’ve gone too long without saying it.”
Cas hadn’t asked then. He’d only wrapped Dean up in his arms and guided him out to Baby’s backseat. For a while, that was the only place Dean felt safe. And now, months later, Cas still hadn’t pried. Deep down, Cas knew why. But even deeper down, Dean desperately wished he’d ask.
Dean chewed the inside of his lip in thought. They hadn’t planned on staying another night – the hunt was supposed to be simple, and long over by now, with them grabbing some late-night pie and hitting the road back to Kansas. But, as always, this simple hunt had revealed itself to be some much Bigger Bad than they’d bargained for. He should’ve known.
,” the word sounded like acid on its tongue, “is gripping to the headstone Billie left for you like an insolent little insect yearning for a flame.” Its voice dropped low, threatening. “I didn’t come here to feed. I came here to break you. To crush your soul into the stardust it came from and scatter it into nothing.
you’ll be like me.”
And I won't let go, no
“You are broken,” it hissed from behind Cas’s face, the voice now coming from inside Dean’s mind as the Empty wrestled for control of his thoughts. “
Sam just jutted out his chin and gave Dean a haughty look, unconvinced Dean could’ve done any better.
“Does she make me say that I won’t leave here without you?”
“What’s with the getup?” Dean asked, gesturing to the scythe.
“I told you,” Cas said, smirking, as Dean leaned his elbows on the railing.
For Dean, it was the moment his alarm clock went off.
Nightfall was still several hours away, so they killed time preparing for the hunt. Dean had nudged Sam about going to the pie festival in the meantime, but Sam just rolled his eyes and said, “After.”
Sam stiffened and clenched his jaw. “I
“That that was a euphemism for intercourse? Yes.”
It spoke no words, for it had no mouth to speak from in this realm – but Dean’s eardrums pounded with the reverberations of a sound at a frequency he could not hear, but knew was a scream. He wrestled in its grasp, desperation rising in his throat. With one, pained and defiant scream of his own, something sharp slid down his forearm.
The vampire shrieked and dropped to the ground like a stone, the machete just grazing her dark hair as she fell beneath the blade’s arc.
Cas and Jack chatted about Heaven, about the changes Jack had implemented, about the systems of all the other universes he’d rebuilt. Cas took a particular interest in a world where the honeybees were lilac instead of gold, and where the grass grew a powder blue. Other universes weren’t so lucky. Jack described his struggle with whether to bring back a reality that had been in the throes of a devastating pandemic, but he ultimately didn’t feel it was right to snuff it out. He watched that world for a while, observing. It was rallying. A story of perseverance. He left knowing that despite it all, they were going to be okay.
carried out my ritual.” The Empty leaned forward with a toothy sneer, the dark of its eye sockets seeming to stare straight through Dean. “Curious. No tongue-cutting required.”
The next few hours were painfully, thankfully, uneventful. Dean had punched the stereo back on, and Sam had started sifting through Dad’s journal and some other texts he’d brought along to get a head start on the case.
And yet, his spirit could not be broken at the gnarled hands of the entity that ruled this realm. Castiel fell shattered for the hundredth, thousandth, millionth time, incalculable against the void of both this world and his vacillating memory.
Dean didn’t remember this. He didn’t remember running into Cas at all at this house, despite a steady stream of prayers. He’d just figured Cas hadn’t heard him, or hadn’t cared.
He wasn’t sure how long they laid like that. Dean fought hard to stave off sleep, never wanting this moment to end. Cas must’ve been fighting it too, because his hand grew heavier, his fingers slowing with each stroke.
The shout ripped from Dean, raw and desperate, pounding in his ears. The static rose to meet him, twining around his legs and burrowing its grainy thorns into his thoughts.
“Turn here,” Sam said, pointing out his window to a gap in the trees. There wasn’t so much a road off to the right than an overgrown path. It looked like it used to be gravel, but the years had not been kind to what men had once built, and the road had sunk back into the dirt and brush it had once smothered.
“I may have, uh. Picked up a few things.”
“You’re incredible,” Dean laughed, pressing his forehead to Cas’s. “But please, don’t ever call it that again.”
The barn was cold, and desolate, and dark. The shadows here were clouded with memories of violence and exploitation; the atrocities committed so powerful they became embossed in time itself. He could hear distant screams echoing through decades of stillness, could just barely catch the scent of fear, of steel, of coal dust and blood. He could feel a presence, the master of this rusted domain, snagging at the edges of his perception, testing the bait of his thoughts.
“I have something for you,” Cas said, and this time it came as a whisper in a language Dean didn’t know, yet somehow understood.
“Shh,” Dean said, waving a hand over his shoulder dismissively. He patted the cool sleek metal of the Impala’s hood as though she were a faithful dog, waiting patiently for her owner to return from the dead. “I had to make sure Baby was okay.”
“No,” Sam said, quietly. “That won’t stop it.”
“I could…” Cas said quietly, his brow furrowing with a sort of helpless concern. “I can try to…”
, something solid, something standing before them all as a distinct shape.
He was terrified the Empty’s blistering vines of darkness would rise up from beneath the floorboards and take Cas away, again, this time forever. Cas rested a hand on Dean’s thigh as he drove, grounding him in the present and not the “what ifs” whirling around his head.
“What the
“Always.”
you. Cas is dead. Gone. Never coming back.”
Cas didn’t turn around.
“Kintsugi," he said, repeating what Dean had shouted to him in the Empty. "The art of repairing pottery with gold. Not broken. Beautiful," his voice dropped to a whisper. "Still beautiful.”
The Thing That Wasn’t Cas, But Also Was walked out of the shadows toward them in front of the Impala, though ‘walked’ was a loose description for how it was actually moving. Not-Cas lurched forward, its limbs stiff, hobbling forward one sideways-jutting knee and dragging the other behind it. It threw its shoulders too much into the movement, as though it were struggling to stay upright, as though the human body just didn’t quite have the dexterity it needed in a host. Not-Cas’s head lolled sideways at an angle that only made sense if its neck were broken.
It still haunted Dean, at times. For the first few weeks they were on the road, Dean had insisted on sleeping in the Impala, the two of them crunching together in a backseat much too small for them both. Dean had tried to stay in a motel. Had tried to overcome it. But his hands were shaking so bad that first night they’d booked a room in Nebraska, he could barely get the key in the door.
Dean reached forward with a shaky hand, resting it on the side of Not-Cas’s sagging face. The second his hand made contact, a blinding pain seared through his palm. He gritted his teeth and kept it pressed to the thing’s cheek, his hand burning and blistering.
Well, almost.
Dean swiped the Key Lime off the top of the pile. This was Florida, after all.
Dean flexed his hand, and felt the cool metal of his angel blade slide down into his grip. This was the first chance he really got to look at it. The blade looked like it was carved from obsidian. The weapon was a deep, inky black, but when he turned it in his hands, it caught the light from the warehouse’s harsh fluorescents and shimmered streaks of teals and purples and golds as though it contained galaxies of its own.
“Dead? Yeah,” she narrowed her eyes. “I’m sure of it.”
“I remember you being too late to save me.” She choked out the words, her tone shifting from rage to despair. She lifted his head again, and Dean felt blood matting in his hair. “Too late to stop Luther.”
“What do you mean? Dean was possessed?” Sam studied Dean’s face for a moment, and Dean felt like Algernon in that lab. “It can’t be a demon, what about a ghost?”
“Is this real?” He murmured into Cas’s neck. “Did we really make it out?”
No, that he was
Dean shook his head slightly. “That’s not true.” For most of Dean's life, Bobby had been a home. A safe haven. The first person he'd felt safe to utter words to after nearly a year of silence as a child. And now, the first to hear his deepest truth spoken aloud.
It was pain. Just pain. Cas’s mouth quivered as he broke away and looked back up at the mass of darkness that hung in heavy strands above their heads.
“I said, drop it.” Dean’s voice was steady, but he felt entirely unhinged. His heart threw itself against his ribs and he could hear every beat reverberate in the static in his ears. A static that seemed incredibly pleased he was threatening to take his own brother’s life, to destroy the only family he had left, to sever his oldest tie and send that sacrificial blood pouring into the desolate, drought-cracked earth.
With one final slash, Dean burst free, and with an urgent and broken whisper, apologized to the vial.
The youngest boy started to reach out to take Dean’s hand, but his older brother still eyed Dean with unease. The boy’s gaze flicked to Sam disbelievingly, then back to Dean.
Dean tried desperately not to notice that it was the same room from his dream. He said nothing to Sam, who seemed to be back to giving Dean the same wide berth he’d been giving him in the bunker.
“Don’t be shy.” Something akin to a laugh gurgled in the back of the throat of the Thing That Wasn’t Cas.
Cas leaned forward to rest his forehead against Dean’s. “Will you tell me one thing?”
He quite liked it.
“Do you think…?”
Sure, that shit was unsettling. But the bodies weren’t Sam. They weren’t Cas. Hell, they weren’t Charlie or Jack or anyone else he loved. If one of them had to be killed hundreds of times – maybe thousands, by the look of it here – he’d fall on that sword every damn time.
The thing seemed to delight in Dean’s fear. It tried to smile, pulling Cas’s lips back into an inhuman sneer stretched far too wide to be remotely human. Its teeth were yellowed and fuzzed with lichen. It leaned forward and whispered in a voice it had stolen from Cas. “I know … your … secret,” the words seemed to drip from every open sore, every leaking orifice in its skin.
For what seemed like the thousandth time in a world filled with powerful entities intent on tearing them apart, Dean slipped out of Castiel’s grasp, and the suffocating oily tar of the Empty drowned Castiel once more into nothing.
Bobby hummed in agreement. “You were. But you’re human. You got a soul. I still get final say. And when you kicked it an’ I saw where your ticket was punched,” he shook his head. “I ripped up Billie’s plan.”
“What the fuck is that?” Dean said, pointing at the side of the building.
Dean just nodded. He sucked in a long, deep breath and slowly exhaled. He needed something more, something to ground him, and moved his hand to grip Cas’s shoulder in return.
“They’d done it before. Every few years now for decades. Our alpha told me he summoned it way back then. By accident.”
, Dean! You can’t save everyone.”
“Dude, why are you being so weird about the motel?” Sam said, huffing a humorless laugh.
“Jenny,” Dean said, his voice low and calm. “Who do you see?”
But he knew Sam was there the moment he felt the long needle of that syringe bury itself into his chest. Sam pressed down hard on the plunger, shooting the last few drops of serum straight into his heart.
one parent for the ritual, so we feed on the other. One for ‘it,’ one for us.” Jenny spoke calmly. She’d detached herself so far from it, her voice sounded like she was just reading off a shopping list. “We’d bring the parent and the kid out here, and the Empty or whatever you call it would sortof … puppet the adult. Like it did with you.”
He froze. An urgent, rough whisper arrowed through his thoughts, piercing through his frustration and panic.
Sam jolted up. “What?”
, the static seemed to say. Its intention came more as a feeling, an innate knowledge, than as words.
“Clearly.” A small, tired smile tugged at Cas’s lips. Cas had drifted through a timeless eternity of horrors and, despite sitting in a room littered with a thousand corpses of his regrets, Dean’s smile was infectious.
, Dean. I can’t undo what’s been done. But you can either take the job, or let me reap your soul and whisk you away to the pearly gates where I bet you’ll go so stir-crazy you’ll’ve gone full Cujo by the time Sam gets up there.”
He didn’t remember much outside of the primordial ooze he seemed to be floating through at the moment. He tried to move, but couldn’t quite figure out how. Castiel tried to look down and inspect his hands, but his nerves responded about as well as rusted gears. The sheer memory of his hands blurred in his brain.
. Dean pressed his palms into his face as though he were trying to shove the memory of Cas’s confession back into his subconscious.
His brother always loved the mystery of a hunt much more than Dean did, and had always been much better at compartmentalizing the horrors they encountered by tucking them into the pages of a book.
Dean opened his mouth to answer, but Sam rushed in, still flustered. “A… dog. We found her in there and we’re going to take her back to her owners.”
Dean stared in horror, unable to look away. Jenny just kept stammering her question over and over, still clamping her hands over her ears as though she didn’t really want to hear the answer. Sam squinted and ducked his head around, trying to figure out what they were seeing. All Sam saw was a dark hole, a shadow cut out of where the Impala’s headlights should be illuminating.
“Who’s Jenny?” Dylan piped up, curious. He seemed to be getting pretty comfortable with all this. Tommy was now staring out the window, his gaze unfocused and seemingly a thousand miles away.
for them back there.
Dean chewed his lip and stared past Sam at the shelves behind him. “No.”
Dean killed the lights and cut the engine as soon as the barn started to come into view, letting the Impala’s heavy steel frame roll silently forward until they felt like they were close enough. They used to try parking far away, but had been burned one too many times while trying to make a quick getaway.
His gaze lingered on Cas, as his angel – yes,
“I happen to be well-acquainted with that.”
“D-Dean,” Cas stammered, sputtering and coughing through a mouthful of oil. The hand on his shoulder gripped him tighter, and Cas’s pupils blew wide with fear. “
Dean glowered at Sam, but tossed him the keys anyway. “I still get to pick the music.”
“Where is everyone?”
, he thought, laying back on the bed and gripping the sides of his head. He must’ve had a lot more beers than he’d thought.
Suddenly, Cas trusting him with his own blade all those years ago carried a new weight.
The sound the bodies made as they crawled forward – dragging their heavy, decaying flesh across the concrete, struggling to stand on hollow bones – was something Dean knew would take every drop of whiskey in the world to forget.
Whatever was going on, it wasn’t good.
A pause. Then, a reluctant sigh. “Fine.”
“Hate to interrupt what seems like such a lovely moment,” Jenny interjected. “But aren’t there like, two traumatized kids hiding in your car or something?”
“I heard Kate.”
“I remember
“I don’t… have a harp,” Jack said slowly.
“Dean’s gonna take us to Nana’s but I dunno where to go.”
“Yup, nothin’ matters without an expiration date. You spend a few decades, hell, maybe a few hundred years with your loved ones, but after that?” He shrugged. “Ain’t no point to much up here.”
But now that he’d obviously, stupidly returned to the reality of being awake inside a confined space with his overly concerned little brother, all bets were off.
Dean froze. Yeah, this freakin’ gas station faucet was
“Wow,” Dean whispered. He wasn’t just stargazing – he was marveling at the spattering of stars above. No— not marveling. Staring in awe. In
Not anymore, at least.
Jack smiled. “Fake it ‘til I make it,” he repeated, as though he were filing the advice away for safekeeping in his mind.
“What are
was. What it was built out of.
“I meant all of you, Dean,” Cas said, and the surety in his voice made Dean squirm. “Your wings. Your soul.
She heard Cas too.
Jack sat up, clutching his highlighter-pink soda and nodding solemnly. He took a deep breath as he processed it. Processed what it would mean to give up this power for good, to trade it for the freedom he’d ensured for everyone but himself.
Jenny froze, her eyes blown wide. She stared at Dean, her jaw falling slack, her fangs retracting involuntarily over her teeth. She said nothing, but Dean suddenly knew the truth of what had just happened deep in his bones.
felt powerful. He felt alive.
They were still in the throes of summer, but the nights were chilly in these parts of upstate New York once the sun dipped below the pines, and so they laid back on Baby’s hood and savored the waning warmth from her engine.
“Dean, I—“ Sam started. But Dean cut him off with a wave of his hand.
“Cas,” he breathed, and the word came from his lips more as a plea, a desperate prayer, than a name.
He glanced over to Bobby, his eyes wide with shock, but Bobby offered no help. Instead, he was doubled over in laughter, hands on his knees to brace himself.
Dean felt his heart sink into his gut. He should’ve known this was another one of his Purgatory-era hallucination specials. Cas was gone. It was about time he accepted that.
Dean dropped the now destroyed gun and its pieces clattered to the floor.
Sam’s shoulders fell as he quickly backed off the offensive. Losing Cas in Purgatory had sent Dean spiraling out to a caliber Sam hadn’t seen in a long time, if ever. Dean had been utterly consumed with grief and guilt.
“That seems pretty regular. Like something’s feeding.” Sam was circling cities and scrawling out the dates on the map in sharpie.
-Cas – speak. The Winchesters had probably killed more monsters over the years than any other pair of hunters and yet – this vampire was so scared of whatever was haunting this place she damn near volunteered to be their prisoner.
“J-Jenny?”
“Here,” Dean said, pulling the vial of Cas’s grace out from beneath the collar of his shirt. “You should probably take this back.”
The people here must say.
Cas grinned right back.
Instead, Sam sat back in his seat, letting the uncomfortable silence do the work for him.
Dean felt electricity bolt into his chest, felt it race through his veins, only to fizzle out. It wasn’t catching. A resigned sense of calm seeped in where, in another time, there would’ve been panic.
“And you didn’t think to tell me any of this?”
The soul was so incredibly beautiful. And yet, when his hands ever so gently skimmed the edges of its glimmer, the sadness woven within every strand of light reached out and crushed Castiel’s heart.
Back then, Dean had hoped there had been more meaning behind the gesture than just a war tactic. Turns out, he was right.
Castiel desperately tried to remember how to speak, how to form words so he could soothe this soul. To make it see how righteous and earth-shatteringly
know what it felt like to have it torment and control him, to force him to (nearly) take the life of someone he loved. His anger at Jenny drained away. The tension receded from his shoulders and loosened his grip on the wheel. Jenny was a killer on paper, sure, but by some shallow definitions, so was Dean. They were both forced into this life by blood, yet shuffled into different categories by the whims of coincidence and circumstance.
Dean managed to catch a few minutes of sleep here and there, but mostly he just laid there in the dark with his eyes shut. It felt quiet, and empty, and so very dark.
Dean pulled Cas in close. “You were wrong,” he whispered into the crook of Cas’s neck. “About what you thought you couldn’t have.”
who needs to be reset, Naomi.”
And so he had fallen to his knees, stuck out his arm and let Jenny bleed him to the brink of unconsciousness.
That is, until something shuffled in one of the stalls. Dean’s hand instantly fell to the handle of his machete. He jolted up just as Sam whirled on his heel to face the stall door.
The Thing laughed, oil bubbling out of its mouth, spilling down its chin and staining its white collared shirt with black bile.
Dean didn’t slow down, despite the lack of a plan. He fully intended to keep running, and if he hit a wall without an exit, well
“Yeah, well,” Dean deflected. “I’m sure yours were way better.”
“So what are we dealing with?”
Cas surged forward to catch Dean’s lips before he could plant another teasing kiss that was anywhere but Cas’s mouth. Dean laughed against Cas’s lips before deepening the kiss, running his hands down Cas’s chest.
The vampires were wearing masks that covered their entire faces, but he could hear them snarl and knew the unmistakable wet grinding sound of their fangs scraping over their human teeth.
Don't you worry
, either.
“I’m so sorry he did this to you,” Dean cooed to the Impala, pressing his cheek to her roof. “Never again.”
“Dean,” Cas said, sounding beyond tired. “Shouldn’t we have seen your brother first?”
“I know I’ve seen that face before,” Dean muttered, skimming the pages of the weathered journal. They hadn’t cracked open the book in years, but the surviving vic – the mom whose tongue was cut out – had given the cops a drawing of the masks the monsters were wearing.
“You know what I mean.”
Dean had failed. Had failed to save Cas, had failed to protect Sam.
As though someone were panicking.
He leaned against Cas as they perched on a steep cliff along the bank of the northern half of the Mississippi River, absently running his fingers through Cas’s hair. They took in the sights, watching fish jump from the water and listening to a group of high teenagers beat a broken rhythm on a hand drum and make up light-hearted songs about passersby.
They know there’s an odd feeling around these parts. They know how the darkness creeps in further than it should, often winning out against any meager attempt to light your way. It’s silent save for the footsteps and breath of any unlucky stranger who wanders too close. A lone cricket will hesitantly chirp every now and then. But otherwise, it’s empty. You hear everything, and nothing. Just the inexplicable static of silence that’s somehow loud enough to drown out everything else.
“What about a neighbor’s house?” Dean said, ignoring Jenny’s outburst.
, man. Same old Dean.”
keep this up. But with every step, he swore the grace in the vial around his neck glowed just a little bit brighter, a little bit warmer—and so he didn’t slow down.
. I hate flying.”
Dean threw a grin over his shoulder as he heard Cas’s bare feet scrunching in the sand behind him, and gasped when he saw what was in Cas’s hands.
, man, did you just lick my hand?”
But so did Dean.
it?” Jenny recoiled. “Like
?” Sam’s voice rose with alarm. “And you’re just telling me this
what this is.”
fault! I knew it, you jerk. I don’t even…” He broke off, setting his breath and letting it go.
“Yes,” Dean said, his own voice wavering now. "You can."
Hell, didn’t they make quite the pair. The angel who had learned to love, and the man who would never deserve it.
A few painful minutes passed before Sam finally cleared his throat.
“How many times are you going to make me do this before you’re satisfied?” He snarled. “Is 1,746 not enough for you? If you think one more will tip the scale, maybe it’s
“You heard that?” Dean shouted. “Tell me you heard that!”
But what about that specific song on repeat, was that just a glitch?
an “up” here – but he laid his trust in Cas’s grace to guide him. This place was endless, dark and devoid of hope – and he couldn’t let go of the nagging fear that it would be so, so easy to get lost in this labyrinth of empty. He steeled himself, focusing only on
“Hm,” Cas paused as he mulled it over. “It’s difficult to choose. From what’s visible here, I’d have to say that one.” He pointed up high over the horizon, and Dean had to crane his neck to see it.
Sam didn’t question him about the outburst, or the idiotic frenzied sprint into what they thought was a nest of vampires ready to protect their prey. He just gave Dean a pitying look and poked around the barn, looking for any evidence they could use to track down those two missing kids.
“Okay,” he rumbled, his voice thick with sleep.
“Everyone,” Dean’s breath shook with anger and grief. “Who comes near us.
“Cas, it’s me.” Dean laid a hand on Cas’s forearm, and Cas flinched. Dean’s heart dropped.
And somewhere along the way, Dean’s months of running away from the nightmarish echo of the Empty, had turned into him running toward something better.
Sam stood next to him, tensed and with his machete raised. Dean reached around his back and rested his hand on the grip of his Colt. The smooth, well-worn ivory had a cold familiarity in his hand. It normally felt like power, like survival.
The mere thought of it burned so bright, it felt like looking directly into the sun, and Dean had no choice but to look away.
He gripped his phone so tight he thought he heard the case start to crunch beneath his fingers.
“Dean, snap out of it!” Sam slung his arms under Dean’s armpits to restrain him. “Cas is
“How did this come to be?”
hand. Dean froze.
love with him.
“Drop the blade,” Dean said from where he lay on the ground, breathing hard. He was still pointing the pistol at Jenny.
Cas reached out with his fingers and absently traced the outline of one of Dean’s feathers, and the slight shiver Dean had felt in his spine spiked into a bolt of electricity in his gut. He shuddered and curled tighter into Cas, his wing involuntarily stretching out, as though it had a mind of its own. “
“Dean, I—“
Dean scrambled backward, realizing with a deepening dread that the dead leaves crunching beneath his feet
But this wasn’t
He’d always felt the presence of the vial as it hung just over his heart ever since Cas had trusted him with it. A backup plan, Cas had said, when he was weakening and running out of grace.
The sudden brightness of it was blinding. He landed hard on a neatly manicured lawn on a sunny weekday afternoon, surrounded by the charred corpses of dead angels. Dean sprang to his feet. He didn’t take time to examine the scene. This illusion wasn’t meant for him – it wouldn’t last long. As soon as he broke into this memory, the timer was set, and the seconds ticked down to a gory reveal he sure as hell didn’t want to see.
“Dad seemed to think it was a nest of vamps.”
Cas. The
Hunters didn’t have to sacrifice everything or drift around the country anymore. More and more people began to take on hunts as a side gig, picking up the hunts close by and holding down normal jobs and having families in the meantime.
“To fall?”
Dean’s heart sank. His vision swam, but it had nothing to do with a loss of blood. He didn’t ask who the hell she was talking about – it didn’t matter. It wasn’t Cas, it never was, Cas was gone.
Sam scrunched up his face in annoyance. “Jerk.”
“We last put it back to sleep a little over a year ago,” she went on. “We were supposed to have more time, but we didn’t. I started seeing Kate again, the others saw their own demons, and we panicked. Accidentally picked a family with two kids. The mom got away and we snatched the two kids instead, thinking that would work. But it didn’t.”
But as soon as he’d fired, another vamp grabbed Dean’s right wrist and yanked back hard, flexing his hand back and forcing him to reflexively drop the pistol.
Cas beamed with pride.
Dean coughed a laugh. “Let’s give ‘em hell.”
,” Sam choked out, finally dropping the paddles. He fell back from where he had been crouching over Dean’s body, drawing his knees in and burying his face in his hands. “You can’t— you can’t leave me.”
Though it wasn’t
The monsters took the bait.
Dean kept one hand on the vampire’s arm at his neck, and walked the fingers of his free hand slowly down to his pocket. The vampire didn’t seem to notice.
It felt good to get back to his roots. Really saving people, hunting things. No more “big bads.” He and Sam may have been forcefully born into the family business, but they’d made it their own. Redefined it outside the confines of revenge and blood. All of these hunts were small time things – Rowena had Hell pretty much buttoned up, and Heaven wasn’t causing problems anymore. It felt small town. It felt anonymous again. With each hunt, Dean’s anxiety eased a little more.
“It’s all me,” Dean said. “Courtesy of Jack, I guess. Kid went all Tolstoy on the rules. God’s not the one creating angels anymore. It’s sorta left up to us. All of us. People, I mean.”
“I’m not ‘in Cas,” It sneered. “I
What he didn’t expect was to hear Death heave a gruff, gravelly sigh.
“At least change your shirt!” Sam yelled after him. “You smell like ass.”
. Sam had Eileen, after all, and Dean had… Well, Dean had—
It grew brighter and brighter as he drew closer until the sheer sight of it scorched the void around it away.
Dean looked disbelievingly down at his own hand – still gripping Cas’s shoulder – to Cas’s hand on
Bobby wrestled with a smile and pulled Dean into a hug. “You didn’t die in that barn for nothin’, son. You’ve never done anythin’ for nothin’. Family don’t end in blood, boy,” Bobby said, landing a firm pat on Dean’s back before pulling back to look him in the eye, his hand clamped tight on Dean’s shoulder. “And neither do you.”
they’d so boorishly dubbed it. It was neither moss, nor a man.
smile at that one as he raised the bottle to take a swig. There was no chance he could stifle the bittersweet pride that came along with the knowledge that Jack had turned out more than okay. That Dean had been wrong, and Cas had been right.
“I can’t do this alone.”
“Dean,
of them?” Dean snapped, ignoring Jenny. “Not Charlie, not mom, not Kevin, not even Jess?”
“But you always—“
“You already have.”
Cas’s stolen body lurched forward suddenly out of the inky black. Only this time, on the Thing’s own turf, its pilfered vessel seemed to better contain its viscous, putrid true form. Cas’s skin no longer hung loose off of his bones, his hands weren’t dappled with painful, oozing blisters, oil no longer seeped from every pore.
And its mouth hung wide in a Glasgow grin.
“Boo!”
“Mn… no,” Dean managed grit out between his teeth. Cas was running on almost zero angel mojo. He didn’t want him wasting a single drop of what little grace he had left on this—on something he could now heal himself. Dean gripped Cas’s wrist and squeezed, then closed his eyes and focused. He felt a calm warmth rise from where his palm was pressed against his cheek, a comforting heat as the shards of splintered bone in his jaw fused back together.
“You idjit,” he cackled, trying to catch his breath. “I seen
He gripped Cas tight as the world rippled and wavered around them, and with one final powerful beat of his wings, a single triumphant phrase reverberated across every wavelength of angel radio before everything went dark once more.
“It was …
The static dropped away.
The breath Dean hadn’t realized he was holding gushed out of him. He hunched over, pressing the mouth of the bottle to his forehead and squeezing his eyes shut. He felt Bobby clasp a hand on his shoulder briefly while he collected himself.
“I’m fine,” Dean said, shrugging Sam’s hand away. “I just—I’m gonna go eat in my room. I gotta finish putting the Ruger back together.” Dean scooped up a plate and nearly bolted out of the room before Sam could argue, Bud hot on his heels.
like the Castiel he knew from a distance. It was … Cas-shaped, but little more than a blurred silhouette. It shuffled around awkwardly to face him – though
Dean whirled around as he rose to his feet. “Bobby?”
“here.” At least, no name it could ever vocalize in any way that could be comprehended. It suffered through millennia of crude monikers that varied based on the form it took. The shadow, at first, for those it had yet to corrupt into a coherent shape. The darkness, one as black and gritted as coal dust, for those foolish enough to force men down into the suffocating depths of mountains whose cavernous maws were older than bone itself. Avarice always came at a price— the inevitable guilt racking up a debt that could only be paid on a deathbed, and the eternal silence that followed. A debt that could only be paid in blood.
Castiel was materializing into something whole once again, the pain and hurt and memory of it all stitching his physical form back together from where his consciousness had been adrift.
somehow. The way she walked toward me was like … a puppet or something. All stiff and the joints didn’t bend like they were supposed to.”
That left them with two real options: a steel plant southwest of the city, or a long-abandoned farm to the east.
one of them carry with them on hunts for precisely this reason – and wrapped it tightly around Dean’s hand. Luckily, he didn’t lose any fingers – but this was gonna be a bitch to heal.
The corpses.
“Too. Early,” Cas insisted, despite the evidence.
it. To save me, Sam.” The words were acid on his tongue. “I get it, he’s dead because of
He was listening, keening to dial into the Empty’s frequency. To welcome it back in. To put it down, for everything it had stolen from him, from Cas.
“Well we can’t
In that moment, those simple words pulled out a carefully placed stone in the wall Dean had spent decades building up around his heart, and suddenly the entire structure came crashing down around him. Decades of trained self-loathing, of repression and guilt, unraveled with the simple comfort of a soft brush of fingers against his cheek and the whispered sincerity of love.
“But why cut the tongues out?” Sam pressed his palms into the hood and leaned into it, staring at the map like it somehow knew the answer.
A heavy sigh. “Always.”
… yeah. Guilt was probably the strongest thing I felt.”
Sam figured he’d cover his bases for whatever it was. He grabbed what he could from the kitchen to arm himself – a cast iron pan, a pocketful of salt packets from the drive-in theater, and a flask of what he hoped was holy water and not whiskey – and stepped tentatively into the hallway.
“No problem,” Claire winked. “I got them at Hot Topical.”
“Don’t freak out,” Dean said, holding up his palms. And with a small roll of his shoulders, a
, exactly?” They were in the center of the room with no wall to back up against. They were absolutely surrounded. Dean spun to guard Cas’s back, his blade instinctively slipping down his arm and into his hand.
He never thought he’d
The vampire screamed and recoiled, leaping off of Dean like she’d been burned. She threw her hands over her eyes, and shuffled backward. Dean scrambled to his feet, keeping the light squarely on Jenny.
“I don’t remember this,” Dean said, his voice coming out softer than he’d intended.
Richmond Hill, Georgia (seriously the worst motel I’ve ever stayed in, the doors didn’t lock and I slept with a knife under my pillow. But part of this fic was written in the middle of the night there, so I wanted to at least slide in a mention)
It was a thought he’d normally choke down. But here, at the edge of it all, his pain laid bare, the truth bubbled up in his chest not with guilt – but with power.
“You’re back,” Dean said, grinning. He stood and pulled the kid into a hug. “How’s everything, uh, y’know, with the other channels?”
“Oh,” the kid said, pondering something. “I’m Dylan.”
know – Bobby was old, but he wasn’t blind.
“C’mon, buddy. I’ll make you coffee.”
He shook his head to dislodge the thought. He did his best to swallow his grief, spinning the game show wheel of shitty emotions in his head. The needle landed halfway between sarcastic nihilism and self-loathing. Ah, yeah. That’s the stuff.
“What?” Dean gestured wildly at the bottle in his hand. “I’ve barely drank half.”
“Oh, so you’re counting now?”
I'll hold your heart when it's heavy
Dean grinned. “In the flesh.”
The skin of Cas’s shoulder wasn’t smooth here – it felt puckered and rough, almost like—almost like a scar. Dean blinked open his eyes, squinting down at where his palm was pressed into Cas’s bare shoulder. Sure enough, beneath his fingers lay the burnt scorch marks of his own hand, a brand from where he’d held tightly on to Cas before he hit the angelic eject button to rocket them out of the Empty.
“You ain’t ready to see ‘em just yet.”
“He chose it,” Bobby said, not bothering to hide the disdain in his voice like he’d had when John was still alive. “The second he raised a hand against you, he bought a ticket down.”
Dean ignored him. “Sorry, I tried to get you some bacon, bud,” he said, shrugging at the dog. “Take it up with Julia Child in the kitchen there.”
Dean looked back down at his hands, lost for words as he processed that. His fingers worked more of the label off the bottle as he searched to name the emotion washing over him. It wasn’t one he felt often. Where he expected guilt, or fear, like this was somehow his fault, there was only … relief.
come yell at me on tumblr! @withclawsandsympathy
“The dead we feel guilty over,” Jenny said, finally pulling her hands away from her face. “It got so bad, I left Luther and the others. Thought that’d fix it. I ran halfway across the country, but when I made it to West Virginia, I started seeing her in my dreams again.”
“What kind of dumbass question is that?” The buildup had immediately put Dean on the offensive. He had planned to just mutter a half-hearted “I’m fine” like he had been for the last few weeks in the bunker. But his nightmare had put him on edge, and this response tore out of his mouth faster than he could think to stop it.
“What is?” Sam asked. He didn’t turn around, instead focusing on getting Dean’s hand to stop bleeding. Sam pulled a roll of gauze out of his pocket – something Jody had
The thought sparked a shiver of rage through the Empty. The damp pool of black oil he’d been standing in churned into a thick, angry mud, roiling and pulling him down and away from the ball of light. The briars turned into a thousand claws that raked down Castiel’s body, shredding his skin and spilling a blood that carried no more secrets.
As the corpses within it dreamt, reliving their deepest regrets in an eternal hibernation, it feasted on the morsels of their despair. The Empty sank through the beings locked within it – sank through the amber memories of a demon who’d preyed on the corrupted blood of children; waded through the pain of an angel to whom violence was the only form of justice she’d ever known; became awash in the regret of a self-named king who’d learned to love just a little too late.
“I think I’ve got something,” Sam said as Dean stepped into the library. He’d been squinting at his laptop for a few days now, desperately searching the feeds to find something to get Dean out of the bunker.
“What do we do?” Dean asked Sam, lowering his voice. He staggered to his feet. “We can’t leave her here, we can’t kill her… yet. She knows something,” Dean glanced up at Jenny, who waggled her fingers in a tauntingly gleeful wave. She wasn’t even pretending like she couldn’t hear them.
“Jack!” Cas cried as he scrambled to stand up.
“No,” Cas deadpanned.
Dylan responded by elbowing his brother until he woke up. The boy bolted upright before making eye contact with Dean and scrambling back in a panic.
“No,” Dean said. “Cas is in there. I
“I know, but if I was just stronger…” Jack trailed off.
Dean shouted in surprise. Sharp barbs punctured his skin, and he could feel the sear of blisters bubbling up from around the wound. Vines of darkness he couldn’t see tangled around his wings.
“You were thinking too much,” Cas whispered against the hinge of Dean’s jaw, his breath hot in Dean’s ear. Dean got his revenge by sucking a bruise into Cas’s neck. Cas hissed as he sucked in a sudden breath.
He drifted for what may have been a lifetime. It was pitch dark. He knew he couldn’t see his hands – if he even knew where those were right now – no matter how close he held them to his face. The only sign he had that he even still existed was the soft beating of his wings, and the pull of his grace. He couldn’t feel anything else. All of his nerves had gone numb.
“His angel blade is already hidden,” Cas said, squinting, as the joke soared over his head. It was no wonder his hair was so ruffled.
“I don’t want to be an angel anymore,” he murmured into the dark one night, curled into Cas’s arms in a seedy motel outside a nowhere town of Georgia.
“It’s
It was no use. He couldn’t quell the hope that rose and broke over him like a wave. His wings flared reflexively, betraying the privacy of his thoughts, as his doubt ebbed into resolve. “I’m gonna get him out,” he whispered.
He shifted around some more before giving up on sleep altogether – he didn’t feel tired anyway. He didn’t feel much of anything, really, except his joints screamed every time he moved.
Dean didn’t acknowledge Sam’s question with a response, but the way he stiffened his jaw and avoided Sam’s eyes was still a clear answer.
“At the motel?”
Dean’s eyes widened as he saw a silver blade slide out of Jimmy’s sleeve. “You insufferable gnat,” Jimmy’s voice dripped with venom. “I’ll enjoy silencing you.”
Sam didn’t have to know all of that, right? Maybe he’d leave some of that out. He’d certainly try, at least, so as not to fry the kid’s brain. But Dean’s verbal filter was tuned with the precision of a shitty gas station sink – it was either a glacially slow trickle, or way too much, way too fast. There was really no middle ground.
Before they said their goodbyes, Claire handed them each a small bag. “We got you guys something.”
“Hm?” Dean mumbled.
And the Empty wasn’t making that mistake again.
Cas blinked in surprise. “You read him a book?”
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled, rolling his shoulders again to tuck his wings fully out of sight. He swore he could see a flicker of disappointment flash across Cas’s face. “And pick up some of these books. You really let this place go while I was gone.”
“Alright, alright,” Dean waved his hand dismissively. “Do I need to fill out an application?” He snorted.
“Okay, Dylan,” Dean said. “I need you to do one more brave thing okay?”
(See the end of the chapter for
And still, they weren’t fully sure what they were dealing with. Well, Dean was. The vampire mime theory was a damn good one, and he stood by it.
“God? None of your so-called Gods have any power over me,” the Empty spat. “Your God is merely celestial. I am endless. I am
Dean could feel the static radiating down into his fingertips, coaxing his grip tighter on the trigger. Every fiber of his being screamed for him to stop, to set down the gun, to save his brother’s life. But whatever had its tendrils entwined into Dean’s thoughts, whispering empty promises in his ear of peace and of an end to his grief, was stronger.
Once they got the information they needed, they drove out to a secluded field to regroup, since Dean had insisted they check out of the motel and never go back. Sam had just given Dean a puzzled look, but didn’t push him any further. He’d already cornered Dean once in the past 24 hours and been bitten. He wasn’t about to do it again.
Dean leaned forward onto his palms, his chest heaving as he sucked in several deep breaths. The air felt charged, the scent and stillness akin to the moments following a lightning strike. Slowly, Dean pushed away from the ground and rose to a stand, examining his hands. The blue light he’d seen in his veins faded back down, now imperceptible beneath his skin.
He swiped to unlock his phone and scrolled through the list of missed calls, all coming just a few minutes apart.
“Hey, boys!” Jenny shouted.
His lungs struggled to suck in a breath as the air condensed with filth and rot. The black ooze that had been dripping from the outside of the barn now hung in thick strands from the rafters and pooled along the floor in the edges of Dean’s vision. The dense, wet wood of the barn trapped the smell of decay within its stifling walls like ice traps the dark water, and all those unlucky enough to fall into it, below the surface.
Dean wanted nothing else than to tell Cas it was okay. That he didn’t blame him for this, that he knew this wasn’t him, that he knew he’d never hurt Dean on purpose. Dean wanted to chip away at all the regret that strung this memory up in Cas’s head until it finally snapped free and tumbled out of his consciousness forever. Fuck it, he wanted to
He didn’t let himself finish the thought. His eyes stung with exhaustion and grief, and he blinked back the sensation of tears. He wasn’t going to lay here and cry – he’s Dean Freakin’ Winchester.
Sam’s scowl quickly fell into a smile as he breathed a small laugh. “It’s good to have you back, man. Both of you.”
At least, that was until he noticed all the bodies were laying in the same direction. As if … they were pointing to something. They’d seemed haphazardly strewn around the warehouse at first, but the deeper he moved into the room, the more clear the picture became. They were
The Empty’s thousands of tendrils, smeared with blood and pocked with weeping blisters and barbed with thousands upon thousands of teeth reared up around them.
He faltered. This … didn’t seem right.
Dean didn’t turn around. He looked at the older boy and pointed at the machete he’d kicked across the floor. “Take that knife,” he said, grabbing the boy’s shoulder and looking him in the eye. “Lock yourself in the car out front. Protect him,” he tilted his head toward the younger boy. “Now
But the universe had never been that kind to him. Dean’s heart pounded in his chest. He forced himself to open his eyes, and came face to face with the lifeless husk of himself.
He’d sown a path paved with the stones of self-loathing, and dragged Cas and Sam down with him. And he was too fucked up to even notice.
“C’mon, son,” Bobby said, his tone shifting to a more resigned disappointment. “It’s time.”
“It’s… a long story,” he sighed.
“Possession is hardly the right terminology,” Cas retorted.
Dean slumped into the chair across from Sam and plunked his beer down on the table. Sam glanced at the bottle, and Dean could tell he was weighing the pros and cons of nagging him about using a coaster. Luckily, Sam just pressed on.
There were no voices, no lights, no high-frequency souls buzzing blindingly fluorescent. There was just … dark. Like there always had been.
But this, here, was something that transcended the Empty’s control.
“It’s a waterfall, Cas, it looks the same all the way around!” He countered, loudly, waving the stuffed toys he was clutching in the air. A woman browsing the novelty salt and pepper shaker aisle had the gall to give him a pitying look and shake her head.
He slung a heavy arm out from under his pillow with a groan, pawing at the damn thing to shut it up. After a few unsuccessful smacks, and almost knocking the clock off the nightstand in the process, Dean reluctantly sat up.
“You sure don’t waste any time,” Death grumbled. “You got dam idjit.”
The Empty could torture him, but it could not break him. Greater forces than it had tried, and failed, in the past.
He’d left his iPod hooked up in the Impala, right? But that was all the way over in the garage, far from where he was in the kitchen. This was coming from somewhere much, much closer.
“It wasn’t
The drive out to the potential nest was quiet, save for Deep Purple drifting out through the speakers and Sam telling Dean where to turn. Dean gripped the wheel and hummed along to “Smoke on the Water” to both calm his nerves and get his head in the game for the hunt.
right. He didn’t say it, but the way Dean exhaled a breath of amazement spoke volumes to Cas anyway.
Cas reached into the bag to pull out a rainbow-colored wristband; in Dean’s bag, there was one striped with pink and purple and blue.
“Then we have to pull him out,” Dean said, feeling the most alive he’d had in months. Years, maybe. The anger and self-doubt in his veins was overrun as his heart began to beat pure determination and resolve. He coaxed the Impala onto the sunken, long-neglected road toward the barn. “And we’re gonna make this son of a bitch think it’s got home field advantage.”
he had. Cas had sacrificed everything for him, and after all his time in the Empty, he must’ve realized it wasn’t worth it. That
The thought crept up on him with no warning.
“And?”
“You’ve been gone for quite some time now,” Cas offered. “Everything you’ve done, all the changes you’ve implemented, this seems very self-sustainable.”
“You don’t feel guilty for
He almost dropped his phone trying to answer.
What was that again?
The second call was from Cas. And the third. And the fourth.
“Hello!” came a cheery voice right in front of them, and Dean’s head snapped up to see—
Dean could
“Well I’ll be damned,” Bobby whistled. “Ain’t never seen anything like that before.”
, Cas met Dean’s eyes. But his face wasn’t full of surprise, or relief, or realization.
and won for fuck’s sake. This was just a bunch of lowly monsters, something he’d taken out time and time again for decades.
The next thing Dean knew, they had made it to a sketchy motel just outside of Canton.
Sam mulled it over. “I didn’t see many houses here.”
“A body dropped a few days ago up in Canton,” Sam said, leaning forward and narrowing his eyes to read the text on his screen. The thought of teasing Sam about needing reading glasses in his old age passed through Dean’s mind, but he didn’t have the energy to say it out loud. “A dad, body totally drained of blood. The two kids are missing. But get this – whatever it was let the mom live, but cut out her tongue.”
“I don’t understand what you mean,” Jack said softly, like he was being scolded.
“You’re already silenced. You silence yourself every day.” It grinned impossibly, unsettlingly wide and tilted its head in a gesture as stolen as the body it wore. “Tell me, what is it the mirror makes you loathe so much?”
of old factories and defunct manufacturing sites.
’s discordant creations. Such wasteful creations they were, it mused with disdain. It looked upon men the way men looked upon meat.
Dean nearly fell to his knees in relief when he heard that gravelly voice, the one he hadn’t truly heard since he lost Cas to the Empty all those weeks ago. It felt much longer than that. Every day without Cas felt like a lifetime alone.
Suddenly, all the bodies around them froze, their shambling suspended, their steps hanging in midair. The air in the room went cold and stale. The dark vines that dangled around them retreated up into the ceiling, snapping as they coiled back into a large, dark mass.
And Dean, already lost before he even stepped foot onto this land where nothing grew and nothing ever would again, never stood a chance. The old, empty god whispered sweet promises into Dean’s ear and wrapped its thorny, parasitic vines around his soul, and Dean wrapped his finger tight around the trigger of his gun in agreement.
Sam looked horrified. And concerned. And angry.
“All of the realities Chuck wiped out are back,” Jack nodded. “I made sure no one there remembers it ever ended, so. Hopefully it stays the way it was.”
Like the road that led to it, nature was trying to reclaim this barn; the building wasn’t going down easily, but nature was patient. It would outlast every futile attempt to fight against it – it just had to wait.
“I’m lettin’ you say goodbye,” he said, as Dean slowly took the pen and paper out of his hand. “Make it count.”
He broke free and raced forward, grabbing Cas by the back of his trench coat and yanking him into his chest. The illusion of Jimmy faltered, stumbling as its target was pulled out of reach. It hissed and spat, its seething fury unable to be contained in the simple illusion of a human anymore, and so its form began to melt and shift into an incomprehensible mess of blackened vines and thorns weaving through decaying flesh and gristle.
“Jimmy,” Cas said, his voice low and rasping with pain. With regret. “What happened to you, what happened to Claire—“
Eventually, the tug of his grace began to intensify. He must be growing closer. Feeling trickled back into Dean’s body – he felt his breath hitch, his heart quicken, his wingbeats strengthen. Purpose rushed through him, remapping his deadened nerve endings, piecing him back together. He reached out with a hand he could suddenly feel, ready to pierce the veil of where he flew between planes of reality in this darkened, empty husk of a world—when something snagged around his ankle.
“I meant it, uh,” Dean was caught up in the intensity of Cas’s eyes, the distractingly deep blue that made it hard to piece together words especially when they were this close to each other. He tried to look somewhere else – his gaze flicked down to Cas’s lips – no, that wasn’t helping. He shut his eyes and took a breath, one that smelled of ozone and pine and the moment just before snowfall and
bones. He cried out in pain, wrenching his eyes shut and clasping a damp, filthy hand around his side.
His head ached. His whole body ached. He couldn’t get comfortable – a spring from the mattress dug painfully into his hip no matter how he laid.
Dean dropped his head to the headrest with a thunk. “With the pace you drive, probably more like four.”
Oh, son of a
, alright!” Dean laughed, shoving a palm against Cas’s mouth to shut him up. “You made your poi— Jesus
handle seein’ their tails for the first time better’n you!”
“I’m not sure I have a word for this,” he said softly. He ran his hands through Cas’s hair in adoration as he wracked his brain for something that felt worthy enough describe this.
They rang up at the counter, Cas sneaking in a bag of maple-covered popcorn and getting the cashier to scan it before Dean could say no. Dean just rolled his eyes and pulled a few more bills out of his wallet. When they got back into the Impala, Dean made sure to stuff his mouth full of the popcorn as a tax.
“Yeah,” Dean breathed, nodding softly as he relaxed, and exhaustion began to settle into his body.
Her face twisted with fury. She hissed and tightened her grip on Dean’s face, embedding her nails in his cheek.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, and he meant it. He meant it with every fiber of his being. He wished it could’ve been different.
On a whim, he pressed his foot on the corpse’s leg, and felt the same pressure on his own leg – right in the same spot.
“Sam,
“Yeah,” Bobby said, a small half-smile betraying how much he knew. “I reckon that’ll work just fine.”
Dean didn’t so much nod as he did bob his whole head up and down in agreement. The barn was swaying in his vision like a ship on the ocean. He shut his eyes to stave off the vertigo that came with losing so much blood. In this weakened state, it should be safe to let the Empty back in without it being able to make him dangerous. Hopefully.
The music seemed to be coming from the library. He crept forward, cast iron pan raised to his chest, moving as quietly as years of practice had trained him for.
“I’m driving, though,” he said. “You’ve been drinking.”
, he thought.
“You,” Dean gasped, “know
“Right, sorry,” Sam said. “You get what I mean.”
My interpretation of the Empty is rooted in an unsettling memory of a time I got lost, alone, in the middle of the night trying to find the highway, and accidentally stumbled upon an abandoned barn left to rot in the backwoods of Florida. It was overgrown with vines and just had "moss man" sprayed across the rotting wood in red paint. It was nighttime, but the expanse of darkness inside that barn was a gaping, haunting empty I'd never witnessed before. I high-tailed it out of there, and when I'd finally made it to the roadside motel I was crashing in for the night, something sinister lurked in my dreams. I've never been able to find the barn again. I'm not sure I want to. Anyway, next chapter will be up soon!
“A crude name for my vastness,” It said, tilting its head piteously in Sam’s direction. “But I wouldn’t expect such simple creatures to be able to fully comprehend what I am. So that’ll have to do.”
“Sam, I- get away from me.” He winced as he tried to wrench his shoulders out of Sam’s grasp. He felt drained of strength. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
Rage rose hot beneath Dean’s skin. He leveled a glare at this monster, this thing that was desecrating Cas’s body and memory, this thing that had stolen Cas’s life and soul, this thing that had weaponized Cas’s love.
“A-a man,” she was trying to get her voice under control. “A man in a trench coat. For Eve’s sake, did you kill an auditor?”
Cas just shook his head and clasped his hand around Dean’s to stop him.
to hear it. But it was too much, all at once. It felt almost painful, like coming in from the cold and sticking your hands into hot water. It burned rather than soothed.
nothing. He wasn’t sure if he was relieved by that or not.
Something wild glinted in Dean’s eyes. He rose to his feet, this time turning the barrel of the gun on his brother.
glare instead, and tilted his head sharply toward the kids in the backseat.
“My wings,” he said, pensive.
The door peeled back to reveal two young kids huddled together in the dark.
When the world gets cold
There’s a single moment every day where grief simply does not exist. A moment that somehow hangs in the air despite its brevity; a moment incomprehensibly trapped between states of being.
,” Bobby grunted. “Always runnin’ around, fixin’ everyone and everything else, never asking what
Typical.
Dean tried to snarl at it, but his hand was still welded to his lips, rendering him voiceless.
“I heard that.”
Cas.’ The hesitancy melted out of his body as he pressed up closer against the angel,
turned out to be their nest. Or, at least, their lunchbox.
soul – and choked out the only word he could muster, hoping his urgent warning would somehow worm its way into Dean’s consciousness.
“Bud.”
Cas pretended not to notice, a trait Dean both loved, and shamelessly exploited.
as a sacrifice, not blood, that would be a hell of a feeding.”
“I died, now I’m back,” Dean said, taking what he hoped seemed like a casual sip from his beer. “It’s all good.”
Dean staggered to his feet, sucking in a surprised breath he instantly regretted. His lungs burned with a stabbing pain on every labored inhale. He squinted down at the body at his feet. Its ribs were crushed from his fall. He blinked down at his own torso, his arm still wrapped tight around himself, where his own ribs felt crushed.
Dean stooped and set down his machete. The two kids watched cautiously as Dean kicked the blade far away, the machete skidding across the ground in a spray of dust. He held up his palms to show he meant no harm. Sam backed off, unwilling to drop his blade, and looked around for the vamps. After all, this
But he’d left out the part about eternity turning painful. He didn’t want to sour it for Sam, and he didn’t think Cas would understand – Cas, who’d existed for millennia. Eternity to him was probably natural.
And with that, Sam was gone.
,” Dean hissed through clenched teeth. “That… black stuff.”
“I hate this,” Dean said suddenly, sitting up to pull another beer out of the carton. “Why’s there have to even
Dean’s fist closed around the metal object in his pocket. He yanked it out, flicked the switch, and shined the flashlight’s bright UV bulb right in Jenny’s face.
“And that …
Dean just glared. “Don’t make us break your other kneecap,” he threatened. Jenny fell quiet.
As though it were
And on the blank page of new emotions in his brain, the one where “safe” was freshly written with still-drying ink, Dean scrawled a new word.
was between them – not having had a chance to really talk since Cas’s deathbed confession.
Bobby’s hand fell away and he shrugged. “The Empty is an endless void. There ain’t exactly any maps for it. You’re gonna need something of Cas’s to track him down. Somethin’ significant.” He paused, trying to remember what he knew of the angel. “You got an old jacket or a tie or somethin’?”
“You say that every time,” he murmured. “She makes you say that every time.”
The vampire reveled in the way Dean scrabbled at her grip, sputtering and desperate for air. “Well?” she asked, leaning in closer. Her lower jaw quivered and clicked her fangs together as she drank in the scent of his fear. She took a long breath, and an envious rage unfurled deep in Dean’s chest. “Do you?”
“Weren’t you calling him Miracle before?” Sam asked, scraping scrambled eggs onto the plates.
“What’s your favorite one?” Dean said softly.
Cas brushed a kiss to Dean’s forehead. “I understand.”
“I don’t even have a passport, how do you think we’re getting across the border?”
That it was one he was being forced to relive over and over in an endless, hellish loop.
(See the end of the chapter for
He opened his eyes to find Cas still just looking at him.
Dean took another sip of beer, the lukewarm liquid tasting like a bag of stale, forgotten tortilla chips left under the seat of the Impala. It really was shit. But it was what they’d always drank at Bobby’s way back when. Back when Dean would sneak one out of the fridge as a teenager and Bobby would pretend not to notice, back when Dean would drink his frustrations away, back when Bobby would hand him a bottle on the back porch and just sit there in silence when he knew somehow that Dean just needed someone to
this chapter lowkey tried to kick my ass. i'll get my revenge in the next chapter, which will finally have some soft moments, don't worry! i won't torture our boys for much longer <3
“Huh,” Dean paused, considering that. “Jack?”
. When Cas began to shiver, Dean did the old cliché yawn-and-stretch, except this time with a wing instead of an arm. He wrapped Cas up in his feathers, and Cas nestled closer.
Cas was sitting rigid in the chair, all his muscles tensed as if he were frozen between fight or flight. He didn’t seem to notice Dean. Instead, Cas’s gaze was locked on a long, dark, needle-sharp vine that descended from the ceiling and hung just millimeters from Cas’s eye.
The voice had been interrupted, but the thought had finished wordlessly.
“That was a gift,” Cas said, his face softening as that small half-smile returned. “You keep those.”
“You’re not supposed to freak out,” Cas added, ever unhelpful.
An answer formed in Dean’s throat, a word he gasped and stammered to get out. “G-j… e…” She backed her arm off enough for him to speak, and the air – the thick, humid, reeks-of-decay air – came rushing back into Dean’s lungs.
“Oh, yeah!” Jack said. “What about it?”
“Who?” Sam asked.
Cas, thankfully, didn’t intervene. He tilted his head curiously and leveled a look at Dean that Dean took as a “go ahead, but be gentle” kind of warning. Back in the bunker, the day after returning from the Empty, Dean had told Sam and Cas about his conversation with Bobby in Heaven. About how it all worked now.
“Just…” The words shook on Sam’s breath. “Come back.”
Dean struggled to come up with a rebuttal, with any sort of bitter retort he could snap out as a defense, no matter how hollow. But he came up empty. For weeks, he could feel the weighted blanket of his guilt settling around him, muffling the outside world and trapping him with his thoughts. It coursed beneath every one of his actions, his consciousness constantly tapping into that dark vein of blame and self-loathing and hatred that wove around his bones.
split the air. As just as suddenly as it came, his pain vanished.
“Cool.”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas’ stolen voice gurgled out of the Thing’s mouth, though its jagged and torn lips didn’t move. Its voice drifted through the cracks of the car, through the air vents and every crevice, making it sound like it was sitting right there in the backseat.
The words felt wrong in his mouth – it was an old ending he’d convinced himself was written for him long ago. Somehow, despite how much he yearned to escape the brutality of this life he was forced to live, telling himself he knew how he was going to die was comforting. It felt like he could control at least one thing.
The hand pressed against his mouth was his own.
“D-Dean.” The word dragged forth from Castiel’s throat in the desperate rasp of a dying man who knew he was lost beyond reach, beyond rescue, but needed to make his final peace out loud with the world as his only witness. He closed his eyes and leaned his forehead in toward the light, taking a shaky breath – his first breath in what had felt like eons.
Dean’s words seemed to rip a seam in Heaven’s stitching. Dean flinched and looked up to see a jagged, inky black tear open up suddenly in the sky just over the tree line. “Is that?”
He watched Bobby lean the scythe up against the outside of Harvelle’s Roadhouse with an uncharacteristic quiet.
Dean’s stare was fixed on the barn.
There was one name that had briefly given it pause as it had stalked through the tangled undergrowth behind neatly manicured lawns in the deep south, stolen land once soaked in gore, now watered with greed.
“You deserve to be happy, to be free,” Dean gasped, blood soaking into his flannel as he dragged the point of his blade through his skin. He stepped forward, needing to close the gap, needing to be close to Cas again, needing to stop the Empty. He was just a few steps away now. “You showed me that. Let me show you it, too.”
Somewhere along the way, the story of what had happened to this farm, and what now inhabited it, were lost. There was just one unspoken knowledge passed down quietly among all those who were born here, a knowledge as intrinsic as how to blink and how to breathe.
“Jack meant well when he rebuilt this place,” Bobby said. “But it’s still broken. When people were lost in their memories, they didn’t know when a day or a decade went by. Now? Time is just…” He trailed off, and now it was Bobby’s turn to stare at the vast expanse of pines. “Humans ain’t built for eternity.”
He couldn’t see Sam – the barn had fuzzed out of his vision as the Empty’s poisonous ooze seared into his corneas.
“Look, I don’t know how it started, and I never
Cas shifted and rolled over, careful not to tug on the feathers of the wing he was pillowed on. Dean could feel Cas’s breath hitch – or may be that was his own breath – from the sudden closeness of their faces. This was suddenly so much more intimate than holding Cas close to escape. That was necessary. That was survival. This was … vulnerable.
Dean was still laughing as he pulled Cas close. “Wait a second,” Dean said, spotting the wry smile Cas was struggling to hide. “You
to turn into the joyous disbelief of ‘
Something about the finality of that made Dean shudder.
Dean pointed the gun at his brother, the charge he’d sworn to protect with his own life, and fired.
“Wouldn’t you like to know.”
He couldn’t believe it. He could, but also couldn’t – this wasn’t the first time he’d crawled out of the ground to find Sam had douched up Baby with a freakin’ iPod. And a silver one at that. Didn’t even match Baby’s paint.
face, which sagged and slid around on the skull beneath it as the Thing That Wasn’t Cas tilted its head in a hauntingly familiar way. Its eyes were closed, but Dean could feel its stare burrowing into his brain nonetheless, like the tendrils of fungus burrowing into the walls around him. The same dank-smelling thick liquid bubbled out of Not-Cas’s mouth and nose and dripped from beneath his eyelids.
?) and far too fleeting.
“Cas,” Dean’s chest heaved with a sob, relief rushing through every vein in his body. He brought another hand up to cradle Cas’s face – a hand that instantly blistered. Dean barely felt it.
“Hey,
“Dude, you didn’t even open them.”
Sam hadn’t liked this plan at all. Too risky, he’d said.
“Awesome,” Dean said, and – with his voice shifting into a tone he often used with Jack – turned back to Dylan, who was still clutching the machete. “Now put that thing down before you hurt yourself, and put your seat belts on.”
“Okay.” Cas just blinked with annoyance before tightening his grip around Dean and trying to settle back into sleep. It was tempting to follow him back down.
But he’d had more family who’d died, who’d hopefully gone to Heaven. Dean chewed the inside of his lip. A question pressed heavy on his shoulders. Bobby watched him carefully.
The blade made contact, slicing right through the throat of a vampire that Dean realized had been just inches from him – it was sometimes easy to forget just how
Cas’s skin hung loose on whatever this thing was, like a suit three sizes too large. The hand on Dean’s shoulder was speckled with gaping sores that oozed a viscous black liquid, and smeared a dark, damp handprint into Dean’s shirt.
him. “It’s me. Dean. The real deal.”
This whole thing – him saving Jenny’s life, almost ending Sam’s, only for it all to be for nothing because she hadn’t heard Cas at all – only made the rage that was all too familiar to Dean bubble up in his throat. “Fucking useless,” he muttered.
It was a place for those with nowhere to go. For lost souls with no one to claim them, to waste away in an eternal dark slumber until there was nothing left. Unlike Heaven, or Hell, or Purgatory with its infinite torturous cycle of death and rebirth, there was no eternity here.
“Likewise,” Cas agreed.
, Dean thought, for a kid who wanted to be like Dean, he had an awful lot of Castiel in him too.
The memory of this place, this yard, came rushing back. He’d lived here once, in a little house in a nothing town in Michigan, in the months following Sam’s sacrifice to avert the apocalypse. He’d found a surrogate family in Lisa and Ben. He’d found love, too, in a way – though it was one borne of familial obligation. At the time, that was the only love Dean knew.
He didn’t know how long he stood there, teetering on the edge of panic. He was half-expecting Sam to knock on his door, or for Jack to poke in and ask some inane question, or for a certain angel to make a poorly timed entrance and utter a gruff hello.
“Is that part of the ritual?” Sam asked, scribbling down notes as Jenny spoke.
Cas just nodded, and not for the first time, Dean couldn’t find a word for the soft look on Cas’s face.
It took all of Castiel’s waning strength to grit his teeth and hold on to the flickering light. He dug the tips of his fingers into the soul –
and had to move … down.
“Yeah, it was like touching that,” Dean went on. “Huge blisters all up my arm. Hurt like a bitch.”
A heavy hand fell on Dean’s shoulder, and he whipped around with a start.
– shoot…” Dean trailed off, trading his words for a pained groan.
Sam tapped the pen against the Impala, and it took every ounce of Dean’s self-control to not snatch it out of his hand.
“I didn’t think you would stoop so low, Naomi,” he said to the darkness. “But I now know for certain this isn’t him.”
, he’d make his own. That was the plan – brute strength and a give ‘em hell attitude.
Sam didn’t drop the blade.
“What, you and the Pennywise gang?” Dean scoffed. “How?”
“Dean, knock it off,” Sam scolded. “I know you’re hurt, and I’ve been trying to be patient with you and give you your space but there are
And a man denied air, a man forced into a primal desperation, was a man hijacked and controlled.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispered.
That was the last time Dean had let himself even entertain the idea of a relationship. Dean knew he’d loved Lisa, but she was his only baseline. And this thing with Cas – whatever it was – felt so incredibly different. So much more intense.
Where his wings had once felt like hope, like a promise to set things right, to rescue Cas, they now felt like a burden. His wings weighed heavy on his shoulders in more ways than one.
Dean sat up and reached for his phone, squinting as the sudden brightness of his screen stung the back of his eyes.
He ducked down one of the bunker’s many hallways, half-drifting around the turn as his boots lost traction on the slippery tile, and suddenly he wasn’t in the bunker anymore.
One of them stepped forward, knife raised, and before Sam could flinch, Dean fired three shots into the crowd. Two of the shots hit their marks – one in the thigh of the vamp who’d stepped forward, and the second shattering the kneecap of another into bloodied gravel. The vampire yowled in pain and crumpled to the ground.
They caught up, perching uncomfortably on the curb to eat their sandwiches and swap stories of their hunts. The girls had just taken care of a nest of vampires up this way, a mobile group that was operating out of summer rental homes and snatching drunken teenagers from Beach Week parties. A lot of the hunts Claire had begged Kaia to agree to were vampire hunts lately. Dean didn’t press, but he was pretty sure he knew why. At one time, he would’ve felt the need to have the revenge talk with her, but he knew Kaia was making sure she kept both feet on the ground.
“Sam!” He shouted. “Now!”
“Shut up,” Dean said, fighting a losing battle to suppress a smile of his own.
“Hm?”
, the same song started up again.
How Cas should’ve just let Billie take him right there and then. Going out in a blaze of glory after mortally wounding Death herself. Fitting, right? That’s how Dean was always supposed to go out: locked in battle, still swinging, throwing his broken body on the sword just to save a world that wouldn’t do the same for him in return.
. They’d nearly forgotten the entire reason they’d come here in the first place.
want. Kid deserves better than a life with so much responsibility. Kid deserves to be a kid.”
Sam folded down into the passenger seat a moment later. “Jenny’s all tied—“
Cas. He wasn’t sure how he knew that this one wasn’t a fake, but he didn’t care to question it. He moved to sprint toward him, but the need to be near him
Sam really was made for this. Dean smiled as he raised his beer bottle to his lips. He felt damn proud.
” Dean snapped his fingers in front of Cas’s unblinking eye, the one that didn’t have a sharp needle in front of it waiting to strike. Cas said nothing. “Please, buddy.”
“So whatever this thing is,” Sam explained. “It seems to feed off of guilt.”
Realization dawned on Sam’s face. “And you heard Cas.”
Dean gripped Cas’s arm, and with only a brief moment of hesitation, brushed his fingers down Cas’s sleeve until his hand found Cas’s. He laced his fingers in between Cas’s and squeezed. “He’s not real,” Dean leaned forward to murmur in Cas’s ear. “That’s not Jimmy.”
“Dean, you don’t have to—“
Sam’s steeled defiance shifted to something uncertain. Sam didn’t know who – or what – she was referring to. He couldn’t hear anything but Dean. He eyed his older brother with a new wariness and distrust that, in any other scenario, would’ve cut Dean to his core.
don’t sleep. And now
He had to know. Had to know for certain it meant what he already knew it did. Cas was here. He could reach him, somehow. And this vampire was his first lead. His
The Empty seemed to be coming after him for revenge, not realizing the very same motivation now coursed through Dean’s blood. If he could do one thing worthwhile in his life, he thought, it’d be flipping the script.
“Vampire. Mimes.” Sam spoke slowly, like he was clearly struggling to wrap his head around the idea.
It coiled and curled, slithering steadily, baring its barbs like fangs when the light – oh, that painful, dreadful,
And so they traveled from hunt to hunt, with their journeys slowly fading from ‘trying to track down any trace of the Empty’ into more of ‘any excuse to see family.’ Over time, they spent more time in Baby than in any one place – and this time, it wasn’t the Impala that felt like home. Dean stole lingering looks at Cas on particularly flat stretches of road, and Cas, each time, met his eyes and smiled back. Dean dropped his hand to where Cas’s rested on his leg, and twined their fingers together.
-dick anymore. Or ever, for that matter.
him. I saw his eyes.”
to drive to Ohio. What if—“
“It’s
It was an endless, torturous cycle.
“What now?” Cas asked instead.
“Mmh. Too early,” Cas protested, but loosened his grip just enough for Dean to tilt his phone screen up.
Dean couldn’t speak – any motion involving his head sent a spike of crippling pain through his body.
“I—" Dean started. And where a defense would usually force its way out of Dean’s lips came a breathy sigh of acknowledgement.
There was no longer any life here, nor was there death. But there’s something powerful and ominous that lurks in the in-between – something that swims along the vast, empty crevices and fleeting moments that straddle this world and the next. Something that travels along the seams, gnawing at the threads of life, and sewing in its own slime trail of decay.
,” Dean cut him off forcefully. “No badges. They’ve already fucked this up enough. Those kids deserve to feel safe, and that sure as hell won’t be in a police station.”
“What is yours?”
. And you don’t think we’re at fault? There’s a goddamn
The trees melted into a blur as he sprinted through them. Darkness fuzzed around the edges of his vision as the bright makeshift sun behind him began to melt into something sinister. He swore he could see things moving in between the trees, like vines snaking toward him through the undergrowth, but he refused to look. He just ran, focusing on every step. Every step that brought him closer to Cas.
The bright star of light shone with a thousand colors Castiel didn’t have words for in any human language. It pulsed and burned with an enrapturing amount of passion and energy.
“That actually makes sense,” Jenny said, rubbing her forehead from where she’d been thrown face first into the back of their seats. “I don’t feel guilty for offing her – that bitch had it coming – but when Luther started freaking out … when it started to tear apart my nest – my
And Dean’s rage reveled in the hurt he was inflicting on Sam, because it ricocheted right back at himself tenfold.
The Empty bared its endless rows of teeth inside its thousands of mouths, flexing its expanse of needles and thorns and claws. The ooze it rose from boiled with a primordial rage as it turned toward the source of the noise, a harsh and grating discord in the distance. The Empty tore toward it, rising and rolling in a tsunami of frenzied blades sharpened with hatred.
Annoyance trickled into his senses. Whoever it was, they were slamming the door so hard it sent a jolt through his body.
.” Her eyes darkened. “It’s back.”
“Yeah,” he said, gruffly. “It was wearing Cas like an oversized suit to the prom.”
A small, somber half-smile tugged at the corner of his lips. How right his mom had been, even if she hadn’t truly believed it herself. Even in the moments Dean hadn’t believed, either.
can’t sleep.” An unhinged hint of wrath began to climb in its throat.
“Someone has to.”
“There are a thousand forms of those you’ve lost,” Not-Cas said. “But there is not a single one you feel deeply enough to see. Old wounds, only, too scarred for me,” it hummed, almost whimsically. “How monstrous of you.”
Sam looked down at his bloodied fist, now matching with Dean’s mangled hand. Dean just narrowed his eyes at Jenny in the mirror as a challenge.
Sam immediately changed course. “Tiiiired. Jenny’s all tired, so she’s sleeping in the back?” He was trying, Dean’d give him that. But it sounded so freakin’ stupid.
A strong arm wrapped firmly around Dean’s torso, pulling him just out of reach of his phone. “Hey,” Dean scolded softly.
“Shut the
Dean looked up at the broken rip on the horizon and took one last, calming breath of Heaven’s eternal summertime air. “Thank you.”
Sam splashed the holy water straight into Dean’s face.
She nodded at Dean, who just set a cold glare on the road ahead, refusing to look at her. He
, Sam!”
“Huh,” Sam looked back down at the map. “Where and when were the other kidnappings?”
was. He blinked up at Sam in confusion.
angel, tangling one hand in his hair and sliding the other up the back of his jacket. He loved that damn trench coat, but
The thought snagged Castiel’s attention away from where he drifted through a familiar, cold darkness. Something nudged at the edges of his consciousness – something bright and burning and brimming with promise – something that reminded him of the sun.
bones, just not his. Dean slipped, falling flat on his ass in what felt like wet grass, but he knew was anything but. He made the mistake of glancing down at his hands and confirmed what he already knew was true.
Cas smiled and laid a hand on Jack’s shoulder. “I may have an idea for that.”
This isn't the end! There's one chapter left. A soft kind of epilogue, if you will. We've gotta check in on the rest of the fam.
“Here,” Bobby said.
Sam laughed a little. It was hesitant, but genuine. Dean reveled in the hint of normalcy the moment brought, but it didn’t last long. As quickly as it began, the moment dropped into silence.
“I prefer the term ‘insufferable.’”
Time suddenly lost all meaning. There was no light, no wind, no macabre illusions here. It felt … empty.
“You could’ve shot me! I
. Because he was free.
“I can’t…” Sam dragged in a breath. “I can’t do this without you.”
? Smells like that.”
an angel,” Sam repeated, slowly, trying to process it. “Not being possessed by one?”
“Hey,
The air became suffocating, weighed down with rot and decay. Dean could feel it gathering in his lungs and pressing down on his shoulders, trying to force him to his knees. The sludge had started to pool around the desolate, cracked ground of the barn, and Dean knew it would eventually spread to where they were standing. It felt inevitable.
Dean hit the ground running. He’d fallen through the void, twisting and slashing at the Empty’s frenzied attacks at every turn, before crash-landing into another illusion carefully crafted to torture Cas.
“I hear the Amish here make excellent pies.” Cas carefully lowered himself onto the blanket next to Dean, balancing several slices in his hands. “I wasn’t certain which one you would prefer, so I purchased several.”
Except he didn’t fully believe the whole strong bravado façade anymore. His false confidence had been shattered. He didn’t feel whole. It felt like a piece of himself had been permanently damaged the second the Empty came through that wall. All because Castiel had confessed to Dean that he loved him.
They poked around one of the tourist trap shops in Buffalo so Dean could pick up some gifts for their visit. Some maple syrup and lavender for the adults, a small stuffed black bear for Little Cas, and a stuffed moose for Sam (the kid had some big shoes to grow into). He snatched up a postcard to send to Big Sammy back in Kansas for good measure.
“What is that?”
So instead, he raced through the pockets of its veins, hoping he was moving fast enough to stay just out of its reach. His lungs burned as he ran full-tilt into the trees. He didn’t know how long he’d have to keep this up. How long he
That meant—
Bobby stepped forward and placed a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder.
’ but Cas just tilted his head with a quizzical expression.
Cas tried his best not to roll his eyes, but failed. “We can respectfully disagree,” he said with a smirk – a smirk that Dean desperately wanted to wipe off his face with a kiss.
“I burned your body,” Sam said, jabbing Dean in the chest with the pan. Sam scowled when nothing happened.
“What do you mean you don’t—“
Cas blinked, confusion flitting across his face. But he still wouldn’t look at Dean.
it had slurred as a threat.
“It’s a pen, boy. You write with it.”
“Cas, it’s me,” Dean said, reaching out a hand as he got closer. “We’ve got to—“
Just before he could lay a hand on Cas’s shoulder, the grace in the vial around his neck suddenly burned white-hot on its chain. Dean winced and stuttered backward, pawing at his chest to stop the pain—and that’s when Cas turned around.
Dean shrugged, a small smile tugging at the corner of his lips. He leaned in and brushed his nose against Cas’s temple before laying a gentle kiss just above his ear. “I don’t know,” he said, pulling back to watch the colors dance off of Cas's face as the sun dipped low beneath the water. “I figured we could make it up as we go.”
Cas fixed his gaze on Dean, though he looked like he was struggling to focus.
Dean desperately wished he hadn’t woken up while still in the car. Deep down, maybe he wished he hadn’t woken up at all.
“Alright, alright,” he growled, finally finding the snooze button. “Enough already.” He took a breath in the sudden still air as quietness resettled into the room.
,” Jenny said, her voice strained through the pain. She was pulling herself back to stand, using a piece of rebar that was jutting out from a pillar to drag herself up.
“Dean?” Sam said, eyes wide with uncertainty. “It’s here isn’t it.”
Meat and teeth – the house, the trees, the rake the other Dean was holding, all of it was meat and teeth and gristle and bone all tangled together into one.
“Did anyone else see Kate? Did Luther?”
that look. He could hear it, too.
The grace inside the vial pooled down to the bottom of the glass, and pulled Dean’s grace down with it. He could feel it nagging in the base of his skull, the undeniable feeling he had to
, no. No way. Nuh-uh. We’re not—“ he glanced around, lowering his voice to a hiss. “—
It stuttered forward, struggling to drag itself through the deep, wet blackened mud that the ground had begun to sink into. Dean stared in horror as the thing lurched toward him.
I am the God of a thousand in-betweens, of the static in both silence and sound, of the decay when things have yet to die but cannot keep on living, of pus burning under your skin just before blisters form, of the brief blind moment when your eyes have yet to adjust to the dark. But most of all, I am the God of what festers in the wounds of betrayal, between unspoken truths and unwavering guilt.
Dean’s spiraling train of thought immediately derailed the second he felt Cas’s hand press against his cheek. “I would do it all again, for you,” Cas whispered. “I’ll always have you.”
Sam walked behind Jenny, keeping his machete pointed at her back to remind her not to try anything. But she didn’t – she limped quietly toward the Impala with an air of boredom more than anything else.
,” she snarled. “Shut up, both of you. I can’t believe you’re the ones monsters literally tell stories about to scare their young. If only they knew what dysfunctional dipshits you are.”
“Don’t listen to him, Cas!” He swore he could feel the Empty snap its hateful stare in his direction, but he didn’t risk looking.
Dean tried not to let surprise show on his face, but he was pretty sure he failed. He’d shied away from talking about this stuff from Cas, assumed he wouldn’t get it. But he was wrong. There was a time where Cas would’ve only looked at the bigger picture – but he’d changed. He’d changed because of Dean, because of Jack.
At one point, Jack had tried to apologize for not being powerful enough to rescue Cas himself, but Dean waved him off.
“What now?” He said, after several long seconds.
Dean watched as Sam rocked back and forth on his heels and tapped his fingers against his thumb in thought.
Dean flailed, twisting and punching at the void as it trapped him in its thorny snares. He felt his own blood trickle down his arms and legs and wings, dripping to join the blood of thousands that sat stagnant somewhere in the distance here. But his pain paled in comparison to the dread that climbed up his spine as he
Waves crashing on the beach. Seagulls bellowing as they soared overhead. He watched them as they flew, and felt the noticeable lack of weight where his own wings had once been.
Dean choked on his beer, a surprised laugh tearing free and causing him to spew some of his drink. He dragged his the heel of palm across his mouth to wipe the beer and spit from his chin. “You
“These wings are … yours,” Cas said, glancing up at the wing Dean had loosely wrapped over him. The dark feathers shimmered their blue-green iridescence even under here, concealed from direct light. Cas reached up and, with a ginger touch as light as his feathers, softly stroked his fingers down the vein of a crooked feather and smoothed it back into place. The motion sent a slight shiver down Dean’s spine.
He caught his balance, quick to heal his broken hand and bruised knee. There was probably a much better, less painful way to test his theory. But it was too late for that.
“Sam. It’s okay,” he murmured, though he knew Sam couldn’t hear him. He was behind the veil now, one foot between future vengeful spirit and the other toward whatever waited for him beyond this. Hell
“What are you?” Sam snapped.
, Rapunzel?” Dean snickered, nodding at the frying pan in his face. “I mean, you’ve got the hair.”
“Dean, what are you talking about?”
The beauty of it was enrapturing. But before he could learn to speak again, to call out to it, to hold it close, it was wrenched from his grasp by a swarm of a thousand thorny hooks and he was drowned by darkness once more.
Dean huffed a laugh. “Can I now?” He teased. “How about the luxury of this?” He leaned in to kiss the tip of Cas’s nose. “And this?” Another kiss for his cheek. “Or—“
“Okay,” Sam managed to say. “Okay, cool.”
It was here.
not. He only had to figure out how to explain becoming an angel, going into the Empty alone, somehow rescuing Cas, and also not being strictly into, well,
angel blade.
A small voice in his brain fretted, worrying this was just a far corner of the Empty, another illusion that was about to melt into a frenzy of flesh and teeth – but he felt steady. Calm. The grace around his neck just hummed in contentment, and the unfamiliar feeling he’d found a name for while sitting outside the Roadhouse with Bobby crept into every one of his joints:
“Well humans need to eat, too.”
“Yeah,” Dean rushed. “Hang up the harp and just be a kid.”
The next few days (weeks?) slipped by much the same way. He didn’t have any idea how much time had passed – every day felt the same: empty, lonely, devoid of meaning or memory. He finally had the freedom to do whatever he wanted, to be whatever he wanted, but he was trapped. Trapped in this hell loop deep underground, his mind going over all the ways he’d fucked up.
Bobby wheezed, lifting his hat and wiping the tears from his face with the back of his hand. He grinned at Dean. “Fair ‘nough.”
he’d said. Words Cas clearly had never planned to say, and ones Dean had never expected to hear. Just admitting it was – what had Cas called it? A moment of true happiness for him?
Tommy blinked. And then it clicked. “Oh.” His shoulders dropped and he visibly relaxed a little as he looked up at Dean. “Yeah, I can tell you how to get there.”
Dean nodded slightly. “Rancid.” He nudged Sam with his elbow. “Remember when I dropped a piece of burger under the seat in here and we didn’t find it for
He felt a hand fall firmly on his shoulder, fingers pressing into the ghost of a handprint that had been seared there long ago, and suddenly the world began to slow down.
, flaps of crudely scavenged scraps of faces and bodies stitched together with sinew.
“That wood nymph fixed up the other cars in the garage. You can go yourself.”
The countless tendrils all leveled their dangerous points toward them, forming an iron maiden of spears that threatened to skewer them both to the void for eternity. Dean clutched Cas close, wrapping an arm around his chest and gripping his shoulder tight, and raised his other, bloodied hand.
“And…” Dean mumbled. “I’m sorry I couldn’t save you back then.”
It was cold. It was wet. But most of all, it was empty.
Dean curled his injured hand into a fist, sinking his own nails into the wound, and could feel the Empty hiss and recoil, just for a second.
Jenny was playing it cool, but Dean had seen the look of total, paralyzing fear in her eyes when she heard Cas – scratch that,
to be real. Dean hoped deep down these two would turn out okay, despite everything.
The Impala jostled suddenly as Sam tied up Jenny and shoved her into the trunk. The car dipped under the added weight before readjusting. The boy shot a worried look at Dean, who just shook his head dismissively. “That’s just Sammy putting away a few things.”
Dean just stared down into the neck of his beer bottle at that, watching the bubbles in his drink fight their way to the surface. Deep down, he was relieved, but it came tainted with the disappointment that now he and Cas were forever a universe apart.
Just like the good times they should’ve had more time to have.
do. If you wanna give up, I’ll guide you on to Heaven no questions asked. But I know you, boy, sometimes better’n you know yourself. And I know you ain’t ready to throw in the towel.”
Cas scrunched his face slightly. “You hate flying,” he said.
“What changed?” Sam finally asked.
'Til my blood runs dry
“This the place?” Sam said, climbing out of the Impala.
It was blood. All of it was blood. It bubbled from the ground and pooled around his ankles, churning into a dark, gory crimson.
the Empty. He couldn’t risk blindly stumbling through its domain again.
At least Cas was there. They’d be unconscious, forever apart, but at least they’d be in the same realm once more.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your word.”
He felt Cas’s shoulder flex, followed by a growl of frustration. Dean shot a look over his shoulder, and caught Cas looking down at an empty hand.
But he managed to scrawl a few short sentences before the ink ran dry.
. This wasn’t the monster looking at him.
Sam steeled himself and gripped the steering wheel tighter. “How do you know that?”
, it screamed into their thoughts, and the sound raked across Dean’s nerves like shards of glass scraping down metal.
“Yet, I did not have to do anything.
This somehow didn’t feel like the worst thing he’d seen. Even as he scanned the room – a cavernous steel and concrete warehouse – and his eyes fell on body after body, all bloodied and lifeless Dean Winchesters laying crumpled in decomposing heaps, it didn’t bother him as much as he thought it should have.
Something bright shimmered up ahead.
Dean shrugged, the heat of embarrassment crawling up his back. “Kid had trouble sleeping.” He scrubbed a hand across the back of his neck. “It worked with Sam when he was little.”
Right. Of course. Cas being able to open the Empty made a hell of a lot of sense now – Dean had just figured it was a clause in the deal he’d cut. He hadn’t realized that, since he’d been ripped open by the Empty, he could rip it open in return.
Maybe it was her beating his head into the ground, or maybe it was her words, but a decade-old name reeled out of the fog that had become Dean’s thoughts.
Sam gave him an incredulous look. “You said that was
Confusion crossed Cas’s face. He blinked down at Dean. “That wasn’t me.”
“You remember that book I read you, about the half-mortal hero kid?”
wasn’t worth it. That—
The song ended. Sam froze.
Cas shut his eyes.
“And yet,” The Empty mused. The voice was now coming from the dark space in front of him. “None of it has been as facile as you.”
Dean turned to stare out the window, but it was well after sunset and too dark to see anything but his own reflection.
. “Okay.”
to fly, but every step had him wishing he was in the air, teleporting away from whatever this was. But the void between the memories was far too dangerous. It wasn’t a void at all – it wasn’t empty, it
,” was the best-worded accusation Dean’s mind was able to offer right now. He could feel Cas grin against his cheek.
When he’d lost Lisa, it was though he’d been punched in the heart. When he’d lost Cas, it was though his heart had crumpled and turned to dust, with particles so fine it could never be pieced back together.
saved. They’re alive because of us. Because of
Dean smiled and huffed a breathy laugh despite himself. He didn’t look up.
He threw his knee up into the vamp’s groin, and though they curled in on themselves slightly, it was obvious the move didn’t do what Dean had expected it to. It was only then did he get a good look at who he was fighting – a narrow-faced woman with long, dark hair, and who was strikingly familiar.
Jenny continued. “That nest I joined here … we were trying to stop it.”
place, and to the coin flip idea having gone awry. But here they were, fortune having been on their side after all, with the two missing kids safe and sound right in front of them.
He whispered a quiet prayer to Cas’s grace as he flew. Dean didn’t know which way was up – or if there even
Cas ignored him. “You don’t have to, of course,” he said to Jack. “But you deserve a childhood. This doesn’t have to be your eternity.”
the pie festival. Fuck Ohio. After this, he never wanted to step foot anywhere near this goddamn state ever again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean realized his arms were still wrapped around Cas, and with a surge of nerves he hadn’t felt since he was 16, he suddenly didn’t know where his hands should be.
“Your mom lives down the road,” he finally said, lifting the bottle to half-point out at the gravel.
kissing
“Neither do I, what’s with that?” Dean said, throwing a wink in Cas’s direction.
. Dean nodded and set his empty bottle down gently on the patio’s stained wooden planks. That made sense. His whole life had been a mission – it’s what drove him, gave him purpose. Now, there was none of that.
“Cas struck a
Dean couldn’t see it in the dark, but he could
as his palms sank into something rotting.
Cas just pressed a kiss to Dean’s shoulder and squeezed his hand, as if to say
“You sure we can’t kill her?” Sam muttered.
“Yeah, and this time,” Dean smacked the folder for emphasis, “they nabbed two.”
Dean had first used the hunts as an excuse to track down the Empty, because while he’d insist to Sam’s face that no, of course he trusted that purification spell worked, he was scared shitless the Empty would return. That he’d step into a motel room covered in fungus and rot, that the pavement beneath Baby’s wheels would turn slick with blood, that the grass beneath his feet would crunch into shards of bone.
Dean could practically hear the questions racing through Sam’s brain as a myriad of emotions flicked across his face. “Alright, alright,” Dean said. “That’s unrelated. Well, sort of.”
Dean froze in his tracks, his hand hovering just over the doorknob. He wanted so desperately for it to be Cas on the other side of this door, but he knew deep down that something was horribly, horrifically wrong.
Every spot the Empty bit and tore at Castiel’s skin with its shadowy brambles blistered and bled and itched in mockery of his mourning. And yet, he defied it. He refused to let go. There wasn’t a force in existence strong enough to make him choose anything else. There was only one remaining universal truth Castiel knew for certain: he would choose Dean over everything else – his own torture, his own peace, his own life – over and over again. He would hold on until he physically couldn’t, until something tore him away by force.
“It’s good to have you back, kid,” Dean said, clapping a hand on Jack’s shoulder. “I’d offer you a drink but, uh,” he gestured to the six-pack he and Cas were nursing. Only beer.
Oh, how wrong his hope had been. His hope that somehow, things had changed. That he was capable of something else. Maybe he would’ve been, had he acted sooner. Had he pulled his head out of his ass, tore through the seams of his repressed feelings and just
A few painful moments stretched far longer than they should have, with Sam’s jagged breaths the only thing to break the stillness.
Dean compromised with the arbitrary rules of time by making an egg and bacon sandwich since it was now after noon (though vehemently refused to call it “brunch”). He made Cas coffee, stirring in a little milk and a dash of honey.
Dean plunged his arms into the swirling, murky depths of his most damaging thoughts and let wave after wave of guilt crash over him until it dragged him under. He was hit by a fear of disappointing a father figure he no longer respected, struck by every time he’d let Sam get hurt, tumbled through the undertow of losing Cas over and over, every time more and more his fault. A riptide of a thousand hands of those he’d failed – failed to help, failed to make proud, failed to save – grappled at his legs, his arms, his throat, their nails piercing his skin like fishhooks until one finally clasped over his mouth.
these monsters could move.
Dean finally broke free, wrenching out of Sam’s hold and – ignoring Castiel’s rough and urgent warning – surged forward into a sprint. He could barely hear Sam’s footsteps as his brother took off after him – the only sound he could make out now was the static rising to greet him. Rising to welcome him home.
“Okay,” he finally said. “But I want to fix Heaven first. I want to ‘give people an out.’”
Sam pulled the flask out of his back pocket and Dean threw up his hands defensively.
It was soft, at first. Still a little hesitant. He pressed his lips lightly against Cas’s, and he could feel his heart hammering against his ribs as he deepened the kiss. It only took a moment for that brief panic of ‘
Sam flinched. “Look, man. You’re clearly not fine. I tried giving you space but…” He trailed off.
. He bit his lip in a smirk as he looked up at the man who’d raised him better than his own blood could, who’d accepted him as his own son, and he knew, here, he was safe to accept himself too. “Yeah. We do, don’t we?”
Just a few yards away from the entrance, Dean stiffened and threw up a hand to Sam’s chest, stopping him in his tracks.
Realization dawned on Sam’s face. “So they can’t have gotten very far.”
Oh my love, don't you worry
, he pleaded in his mind. His other hand was still sunk deep into something rotting, and the now all-too-familiar reek of decay stung his nostrils.
To an outsider, this would look like any old, failed farm left to rot, the previous owners abandoning their dreams and livelihoods with the land. But those who live nearby know better.
“I don’t…” Dean scrunched up his face in confusion. “Why am I here then?”
for a way back to Cas. “Chuck controlled everything, he pulled every string, except for you. You didn’t just invent free will, Cas. You
“Walk it off,” Dean grumbled. She was a vampire; the dead man’s blood had likely started to wear off by now. She was fine to limp around on her own. They’d left her alive, and that was enough of a courtesy by Dean’s standards.
She smirked, her fangs slowly retracting back up into her gums. “Never thought I’d say this to a Winchester,” Jenny said, a hint of fondness edging into her voice. “But I’d better see you two again someday.”
Sam spun on his heel to see Castiel sitting calmly in a chair by one of the tables.
Dean leaned over and dropped a kiss to the hand-shaped scar on Cas’s shoulder, distracting him just enough to swipe a forkful of his pie.
The paper was too small to write everything he wanted to tell Sam, if he could even put it all into words. For a man who’d always thought he’d die tomorrow, he never thought to prepare a speech for when the moment finally came. It was probably for the best, anyway. He was never the manifesto type.
. He’d definitely have bruised and bloodied knuckles tomorrow from a move like that.
“I—fuck.” Dean gritted his teeth as a new wave of pain surged up his arm. Fuck, this was a lot of blood. “I was going to – I
Dean tumbled forward as he hit the ground, tucking into a roll. This memory was a painful one. Another effigy of Cas, his knuckles bloodied, one fist gripping the front of the memory of Dean’s jacket, the other pointing an angel blade at his throat. Dean caught a glimpse of his own bruised and broken face, and heard the echo of his long-ago plea. One that still rang true now.
But the blood and dents Sam’s anger left behind in the Impala’s dash ached in his chest by proxy. A damage to their home, to their past, to their hearts.
The humid air grew thicker and thicker as they approached. The dilapidated barn loomed over Dean with a sneer, and he felt his pulse quicken with every step. The combination was making it difficult to breathe.
“I mean it, Cas,” Dean said. “I don’t—“ He rolled over to face Cas, though he could just barely make out his features in the dark. “You’re practically human now.”
He stooped to peer into Baby’s window and – “That
Cas smiled, settling on the slice of black raspberry pie. “I love you, too.”
Dean didn’t break his stride to look. This scene already lived in his head in crystal clear high-def. And even when the crypt flickered around him, melting into the bunker library and flipping the script, and he saw himself now poised with a blade at Cas’s throat – he kept sprinting.
There was no one to hear his prayer, if anyone could even call it that.
What had just looked like mildew stains and wet, weathered wood from a distance had started to take a much different shape as they drew closer. A dark, viscous liquid seeped out from between every gap in the planks, every eye in the wood, thick and slow like oil. The ooze pulsed and squirmed as though it had a heartbeat of its own.
Bobby pulled two bottles out of the ice, and wrenched the caps off with the blade of his scythe. Dean stifled a small smile at that – Billie would’ve
Dean didn’t answer. He kept his eyes on the road in front of him, the knuckles of his hand turning white as he squeezed the steering wheel until he thought it would crack.
Castiel knew this wasn’t the first time he’d endured this cycle – one of confusion, then awe, then desperation and unfathomable pain and loss – and he knew it wouldn’t be the last. There would never be a “last,” this cycle was as horrific as it was eternal.
Hastings, Minnesota
The Empty closed in, readying its thorns to sink into the angel’s flesh. It would drain this one much slower, it thought. It deserved to relish in the flavor of his fears and remorse. It had been so very patient, after all.
magpies are pretty but rude. felt fitting
“A defense mechanism?” Sam squinted.
Dean flung open the door with a growl and stepped out into the night.
Dean still didn’t quite know how to process that. No one had really ever said that to him before, and he’d long ago resigned himself to a life devoid of that kind of love. He didn’t deserve it, and the last time he’d selfishly tried, he almost got Lisa and Ben killed.
Bobby sighed, dropping his shoulders with the weight of his exhale.
on full blast. The sink was flooding.
But yet, no monsters were inside. Hell, it didn’t look like much of anything had lived in here for a long time. And there was no sign of Cas.
The thing pretending to be a stand-in for Cas was just raw and rotting flesh packed together into the shape of a man. Its trench coat was just skin,
By July, they’d made it to the vast, rolling mountains and valleys of the Adirondacks, where manmade light could barely reach the sky and Cas swore you could see Heaven itself in the stars. Here, in a sprawling open field a few degrees north of a place with just enough people to call itself a town, Dean eased the Impala into the grass.
good right about now. “Yeah.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The masks stopped it from jumping into one of us,” she continued. “Then… it would make them murder their own kid.” She shuddered. “They’re just conscious enough to know what they’re doing, but they can’t stop it. I never knew why it liked to do it that way, but if it fed off of
He lowered himself back down in the chair, and dug his hand much deeper into the cooler to fish a hidden bottle out of the ice. Something top-shelf, way more than he would’ve let himself splurge on in life. He cracked it open on the blade of his scythe and leaned back to stare at the inky black tear above the trees.
“You’re gonna have to be more specific for me, buddy. If it ain’t Orion’s Belt or one of the spoons, I’m just lookin’ at air.”
As he wracked his brain for an answer, for a memory that didn’t exist, a voice from right behind him cut through his thoughts.
Sam’s eyes widened.
“But it’s getting late, and Dean no offense but you look like shit,” Sam said. “You should get some sleep— wait, do you sleep?”
“This one,” Cas said. He laced his fingers in between Dean’s and lifted Dean’s hand in his. He pointed at one star, and traced their hands along the constellation’s length, across the sky, then doubling back and down. “Aquila.”
Dean was met by deep, cerulean eyes full of pain. Full of
before you read this chapter, please just remember that -- without me spoiling anything -- this was tagged as having a happy ending. i didn't lie. that hasn't changed.
Dean snatched his eyes away from the mirror and back onto the dark road.
“I think that’s like its home base. It’s the strongest I’ve ever felt it there. Even just now, it should’ve killed all three of us. But it didn’t. I don’t think it was strong enough to get inside the car. To get inside your head again.”
And there wasn’t a clear path to run through.
He heard Not-Jimmy snarl something else at Cas, but its words had garbled and slurred into a language he didn’t understand. But he knew that tone, that vicious, gut-wrenching tone he’d so often heard from one particular man hell-bent on cutting him down. One that had woven itself into his mind over the years. One that had grown into his own self-hating inner voice.
The Empty sank deeper into its slumber, a tonic immobility disseminating its consciousness out once more into every capillary of its vastness. It was a rest it had long been denied. But now – now that it was no longer being used as a pawn in a celestial power-grab, now that that abhorrent
The vial was always cool to the touch no matter how long he wore it. But now, for the first time, he could
Sam spun sideways to face Dean. “Like a vision?
“Back up!” Jenny screeched. “Hit it again!”
,” a third voice offered.
“Hey,” he mumbled, breaking away and pulling up Cas’s hand to gently press his lips to Cas’s palm. He rolled his shoulders, and there was a soft crackle as his wings shimmered into view. “How about one last flight?”
“And when I ran into it in Billie’s library, all it talked about was wanting to go back to sleep,” Dean said, a realization dawning on him. “Maybe this isn’t about feeding at all. Maybe it’s revenge.”
,” she growled. She twined her fingers in his hair, and suddenly yanked his head up and slammed it into the concrete. The pain seared into his skull and stars spotted the edge of his vision.
“Usually,” Jenny said, hesitantly. Dean felt anger coiling his hand into a fist again. He gripped the wheel tighter and slowed the car, looking for the turn off the road up to the barn. “Look, I—kids are off-menu, alright? Feeding on adults is one thing. But this…” She trailed off. “You’ve felt it. That kind of fear makes you desperate. It takes advantage of that.”
He rested his face in his hands, all the fight draining out of him. He felt like he had nothing left to give.
Dean tore his gaze away and turned, now staring dumbfounded at what was in Bobby’s hand. A piece of crumpled receipt paper, and a cheap ballpoint pen that looked like it was on its last legs. “What?”
“Cas, I’m so sorry, I—“
By May, Dean visited the bunker less and less. He’d stopped in for a few days for Sam’s birthday before heading back out to go visit Jody and Donna up north. They’d celebrated Sam’s big day, Dean grabbing Eileen’s wrist and pointing to the ring on her finger as she handed him a slice of cake. He’d laughed as they told the story of Sam nearly botching the proposal and dropping the ring down the sink, while Eileen said “yes” with a wry smile and signing “fuck you” for old time’s sake before they’d kissed.
“Where to now?” Sam asked. The drive until then had been mostly quiet, aside from Tommy mumbling out directions and Dylan fidgeting in the backseat.
Dean looked at Sam, dumbfounded. “I thought you were supposed to be the smart one.”
There was a power in that, in unwavering truth. A power the Empty could not fathom. Castiel took solace in that knowledge as the Empty convulsed into a frenzy of needles and knives and claws.
Jenny turned to look out the window. She wanted this thing
“Okay?” She laughed, a little unsure. “I’ll try.”
Dean rolled his eyes, throwing his whole body into the movement. “It’s
When they made it out to the Impala, Dean was relieved to see the boys had done exactly what he’d told them. The older boy was passed out on the backseat – either from fear or exhaustion, or both – with his younger brother sitting rigid on the floor, machete clenched tight in his grip.
“Cas is family, Dean. We don’t just give up on family,” his voice wavered. “You’re not the only one who’s hurting.”
He knew he wasn’t coming back.
that way.
Cas looked less than impressed.
“I said
If Dean’s right hand wasn’t all mangled, he would’ve punched Sam hard in the shoulder. He opted for an especially intense
It laughed, a humorless, hollow, chilling noise like bones rattling in a tinderbox, a noise that should never come out of a human body. Then, suddenly, its explanation came not as words, but as a knowing in their minds.
That’s what this had been about. Not his delusional reveries of Cas being alive. Dean leaned back against one of the posts and slid down to the ground, careful to avoid getting snagged on any nails or splinters jutting out from the wood. Anger and self-loathing bubbled up in the back of his throat, and he could taste the sting of it on his tongue. How could he be so selfish? He knew why. He’d always been this way. Just a killer with no empathy or remorse. A killer who didn’t deserve love from someone like Cas. A killer who deserved to die dirty and alone and broken in a fight he finally couldn’t win.
“Why you?”
That’s the world the Empty inhabited. Its consciousness webbed through all the minute spaces, a fungal hypha weaving through the forgotten expanse, a mycorrhizal network festering in the wounds of the in-between. An incomprehensibly vast biome branching into a single consciousness.
“Dammit, Cas, it’s
Now it was Dean’s turn to flinch. “Dammit, Cas,” he growled, feeling the words like a punch to the gut.
“He needs a better name than that.”
This was
Dean gasped. “I know
The soul began to flicker far more than usual, its light wavering, struggling against the encroaching dark.
He’d fucked it up. Of
, man?” Dean spitting and wiping the water out of his eyes. “How many times do we gotta go through this?”
More silence. Dean set his jaw.
Dean winced and looked away as Sam charged the paddles and pleaded with his corpse.
The dog just tilted his head at Dean in confusion, in an oddly familiar way that sent a pang of grief right through his chest.
“The Old Death once promised me your soul,” It said, its voice hollow and cold. “Promised to banish you to the void so you could never resurrect. But
come yell at me on tumblr! @withclawsandsympathy
“You know why I’m Death?”
,” Cas pressed.
He pushed himself to a stand, spitting out a mouthful of downy feathers into his hands and wiping them down the front of his flannel. The crunch he’d heard had just been the crackling of fallen leaves, he realized with relief. Not his wings, not his bones. He squinted and turned, trying to get his bearings and—
Dean shuddered and doubled over as the burning between his shoulder blades turned to an inferno beneath his skin. Just when he thought the fire would consume him, he flexed his shoulders and a thunderous
Jenny sat back and wiped her mouth on her sleeve, smearing Dean’s blood across her tattered jacket. Dean flexed his fingers, which had gone numb and prickled with the lack of circulation.
“I’m gonna need you to tell me somewhere we can take you where you’ll be safe. Do you have any aunts or uncles or grandparents here?”
And so Dean watched Cas, who watched the memory of him rake leaves.
“No,” Dean swallowed. “Before.”
Dean slammed on the brakes, the Impala’s tires screeching in protest. He winced as he lurched forward, squeezing the wheel in an odd sort of apology to Baby. The force of the sudden stop threw Jenny up against the back of the seat and she cried out in surprise.
A hesitant hand reached up and pressed against Dean’s chest. Dean pulled back just enough to see that Cas was staring at him in disbelief. They paused there, somehow both out of time and suspended in an endless moment together, Cas’s hand splayed over Dean’s heart for several beats.
“Ha,” Dean breathed a short, humorless laugh. “I thought I was supposed to go to the Empty.”
“It’s supposed to,” Cas said, tracing their hands along the constellation again. “Aquila, the mighty bird trusted to faithfully carry the thunderbolts of Zeus himself.” He paused, a realization seeming to dawn on him. “And also the one who raised a mortal man up to the Gods.”
to,” she spat. “All I know is, all of us in that nest were tormented by it. We were all lured here by it, and it wouldn’t stop until we gave it a sacrifice.”
, now and always, grace notwithstanding – squinted in thought over whether to choose coconut cream or black raspberry. His eyes fell to the vial around Cas’s neck, one that glowed with swirls of golden grace, and absently touched the matching vial of blue that hung around his own neck.
mimes.”
“So how do we stop it?”
Dean’s chest heaved with the noise.
“Please don’t splash me with the—“
She sighed, and though she feigned annoyance, there was an undeniable twinge of anger in the gesture.
I cannot thank you all enough. For everyone who left a kudos, a comment, or even liked a post of me rambling about this fic on tumblr, THANK YOU. Each and every one of you gave me the fuel to keep going. When I started writing this in November, in the heat of the moment after the finale, I thought this would fizzle out at around 10k words. But here we are, months later, and much longer than I'd ever dreamed. I love all of you for that. And if you liked this, even though it's finished, I'd just about melt if you left one last comment.
“Hey,” Dean waved through the window. The little boy nearly jumped out of his skin, but instantly relaxed when he recognized Dean. Dean walked around the Impala and slid into the driver’s seat. “Good job keeping your brother safe,” he said, nodding at where the other boy was sprawled out, still asleep.
He felt a hand fall tentatively on the crook of his neck, and he slowly looked up to see a bewildered and horrified Cas staring back at him.
No, not the sun. Another memory?
“And Cas?!” Sam said, finally releasing Dean from his death grip. He moved to scoop Cas up into a hug of his own, albeit a much more casual one.
Dean suddenly felt like he was trespassing somewhere he really ought not to be.
It was too late for Sam to stop – he was in mid-swing, the machete blade just inches from severing Dean’s only real connection to Cas for good.
And that meant going to the farm.
a God anyway?”
Dean fell to his knees next to his brother. The motion felt unreal – there was no sound in it, no air, nothing to disturb the thick layer of grime beneath him. “Sammy,” he said, his voice hoarse. “You knew it was always gonna end like this for me.”
“I can’t imagine this would be a regret of mine,” Cas said softly. There was still some hesitancy in his voice, a minor inflection that would’ve been easily missed by anyone but Dean. They hadn’t quite cleared up what exactly
“Static,” she said, her voice drifting like she was really a thousand miles away. “You’re forgetting the static.”
“Dean,” Sam hissed out of the corner of his mouth.
Dean watched as Sam padded out of the barn, Dean’s body swaying limp in his grasp, and stepped into the dim early morning light. Stepped into a dawn of uncertainty. Into the dawn of a life without Dean.
“I’m where I’ve always been.”
Bobby just shook his head. “I ain’t doin’ anything to you. I don’t have any control over this, or what you do next,” he said, leveling a serious look at Dean. “
Just like this wasn’t Dean’s memory, this illusion wasn’t built for Dean either— and so it flickered and melted into what it
It stretched out, unfurling its parasitic vines toward every decaying corpse, cultivating its precious, endless garden of guilt and silence and rot. It began to reach, reaching toward its latest prey; the obstinate angel who’d refused to give in. Who’d caused the Empty so much pain.
“You didn’t even let me—“
“It has to end,” Dean started carefully. “You gotta give people an out.”
“Okay,” he exhaled, the word slipping out with his breath as he took stock of his surroundings. He glanced back to see what he’d tripped over, already knowing the answer. It was another corpse, another carbon copy of
” it spat, “none of it has been so irritating as
Jack laid back between them on the stony ledge overlooking the river, and sighed as he stared up at the darkening sky. “This is harder than I thought.” He rested the bottle of his strawberry soda on his chest and spun it as he fidgeted in thought. “I thought by fixing all those worlds … I’d know what I was doing.” He turned his head to look up at Dean. “Like you.”
“Yes,” Cas’s answer came matter-of-factly, though Dean knew there was more emotion tied up in it than he was letting on. His grace had dwindled down to nearly nothing after months of the Empty feeding off of it, and Dean grappled with the guilt that maybe his angel-banishing escape trick had done more damage than he’d meant to.
And as always, come hang out with me on tumblr! @withclawsandsympathy
lead.
But when Sam finally offered to interrupt it, every fiber in Dean’s body fought back.
Dean looked down at the dog and – mostly to annoy Sam, asked, “What do you think, bud?”
“Shut up,” Dean snapped. “I’d like to see you do any better if you sprouted two new freakin’ limbs all of a sudden.”
“You think I’d get close enough to
“Morning, sunshine,” Sam smirked, nodding over his shoulder in greeting. He’d probably been up for hours already. The kid was always raring to go at the crack of dawn. A trait Dean neither understood nor envied.
Dean carefully unfurled his wings, hesitantly peering out through the spaces between the tips of his feathers.
, like how a fox screaming in the woods both seems wildly feral and hauntingly human.
“Most people don’t,” Bobby shrugged. “Especially not in your line of work.”
“Dammit, Cas, you have to forgive
Dean flinched, palming the back of his neck in discomfort. Yeah, he deserved that. He glanced over his shoulder at Sam, who’d seemed to start to collect himself. Dean felt that shift in Sam – that shift of him beginning to accept what had just happened, to pick himself back up, to keep surviving despite it all – and his heart panged with it.
, his thoughts unhelpfully – and a little too hopefully – offered.
“Look what you did to me,” the man who was once a vessel for Cas, but was now a vessel for his torment snarled. “You ripped me apart. You tore my family limb from limb. You
“They sound… beautiful.” The word, one of such high praise, felt alien on his tongue. But despite the word’s weight to Dean, it still somehow didn’t feel like enough. “You’re wrong though, still better than mine.”
“How do you summon a Lovecraftian entity on accident,” Dean said, more of an accusation than a question.
Cas looked up to catch Dean staring. “Are you alright?”
Sam suddenly froze, his body pressed rigid against the seat. His gaze was fixed on the stereo, where static was rising from the speakers. Dean punched the button to switch it off, but it was no use – it was never on to begin with. Dean glanced at Sam out of the corner of his eye, and
Dean took a breath to steady himself.
One word, one promise, and the last of Dean’s tension began to ebb away. He closed his eyes as Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and leaned into the touch.
questions. “You know,” he waved his good hand around his face for emphasis, “the creepy mask shit.”
Dean spun, ripping the blade through the vines that trapped his wings. The grace around his neck was crying out, begging him to move forward – but he couldn’t. The Empty’s thicket of razors and teeth and blistering branches was far too dense.
“I’m Dean,” he said, dropping into a crouch to get down on their level. “That’s my little brother, Sammy. We’re gonna get you out of here.”
Bobby gave Dean a curt look. “You still
Sam swallowed, glancing around nervously. Dean’s horror at the grotesque thing in front of him, masquerading as Cas and tormenting Sam, began to fuel a deeply rooted rage in the pit of his stomach.
Dean just looked at its face in horror.
The vamps stood there in a semi-circle, watching them. None of them moved to follow the kids. Really, none of them moved at all. Honestly, it was terrifying. But Dean knew a surefire way to deal with his fear: bury it.
Teeth. Everything was teeth. Rows of human molars and canines and incisors sprouted from all the wrong places – from along its cheekbone and twisting into a gaping cavity that was a rough approximation of a mouth frozen in a scream, to rows and rows of teeth jammed together and jutting out from around the thing’s empty eye sockets.
Dean looked out into the empty parking lot. The only thing on the other side of this door was the sound of crickets chirping in the bushes outside, and the hum of the ice machine a few doors down. Behind him, he heard the sound of Sam breathing, still asleep.
It only took about an hour of being in that motel room – one that smelled faintly of mold and mildew – for panic to rise and crash down over him like a wave. Cas had stepped into the room after grabbing their bags out of the Impala to find Dean kneeling in front of the bathroom sink, his hands thrust under the freezing water from the faucet in a desperate attempt to ground himself.
A breath that brought the reek of decay into his lungs.
“Does she make me say that we need to get out of here? That you’re in the Empty, not Heaven?”
If Dean were alive, he would’ve grabbed Sam’s arms and shaken him. Instead, he poured every ounce of energy he had into his words, hoping that some shred of them made it through the veil.
Sam chucked a handful of salt packets at him, which bounced off of Dean’s chest and pattered unceremoniously to the floor.
“Shut the fuck up, you are no different th—“
“Dean.” It sounded muffled, far away.
“I understand the pain I caused you, and your family, viscerally,” Cas said. “The pain of losing a child, of losing the ones you love. And it happened to you by my hands. I am truly sorry.”
Bobby huffed a laugh. “No. I got bored.”
Dean’s hand closed around the gearshift and he yanked down hard, slamming the gas pedal to the floor. The Impala shuddered forward, the back end fishtailing out as the tires squealed against the pavement that was now slick with oil.
Dean sat on the edge of his bed, holding out his plate for Bud to eat what was left. He watched the dog blankly as it happily scarfed down the scraps, in what had become a daily ritual. Dean would wordlessly take a plate from the kitchen from Sam, eat a few bites, toss the rest to the dog, and then go for a drive.
“Just wait a minute.”
He couldn’t do this. Suddenly his appetite had tilted sideways and his palms itched to feel the familiar curve of a beer bottle. He hadn’t even realized he’d stood up, the sound of his chair clattering to the ground barely registered in his ears.
“Hey, boy,” he said as he leaned down to ruffle the fur behind the dog’s ears. “Were you checkin’ up on me?” At least
But after everything, some small part of him had dreamt of apple pie and domesticity, and hoped it wasn’t true.
Cas slumped forward. Dean rushed in, cupping Cas’s face in his hands and lifting his chin.
, he mused bitterly.
They crept down the embankment off the side of the path, picking their way through the thick briars and rolling onto the balls of their feet to soften the crinkle of dead leaves underfoot. Dean led the way, the only light to guide him coming from the moonlight glinting off the hilt of his bloodstained blade.
, they’d called it. How repugnant. It was anything but.
“What is it now?”
Dean fought to breathe, fought to scream, to yell, to curse, to bite – but the hand sealed his mouth shut and locked his voice away. Dean was silenced.
“Now, later, me?” Dean coughed out between gasps as Sam crushed his ribs. He patted Sam’s back to tap out, but Sam didn’t quite get the hint.
He wouldn’t be silenced anymore. Dean’s hand loosened and fell from his lips, followed by a breathy “
Dean dug around in the trunk, frowning after Sam
But they were running out of time. The night would bleed into dawn soon – the sky was already starting to lighten into charcoal. They’d have to work fast.
Dean lowered the phone and took a hesitant step forward, his bare foot sinking into the damp, rotting carpet. “Cas, what’s wrong? I don’t … You’re not making any sense.”
“So that’s it, you’re just giving up.”
. Then, he reeled back and
Dean took the chance to duck and roll, picking a new corpse to hide behind from several feet away. He didn’t want the Empty to hone in on him just yet.
It became a daily ritual. Sleeping in late, coaxing Cas out with the promise of caffeine. He helped Sam, and soon Eileen, organize hunts and run dispatch for a growing network of hunters – first in the Midwest, then branching out further toward the coasts.
“I have an idea I believe you’ll enjoy more,” Cas said, his voice dropping low. And with a nip to Dean’s throat and a hand tangled in his feathers, Dean moaned and melted into the touch.
He could feel it toying with him. The Empty dangled Dean’s soul in front of Castiel like an anglerfish, drawing his delicious anguish up to the surface only to sink its parasitic teeth in and take its fill.
Dean was wrong about this room. This, while certainly one of Cas’s most hurtful and troubling memories, wasn’t his greatest regret. It was simply another device meant to torture him, an appetizer for the main course.
Dean scrubbed his face and dug his fingernails into his scalp, silently begging his world-class ability of repression to kick in and lock this away for good.
Jack waved, beaming down at them as though he’d seen them just yesterday.
“You know damn well humans don’t do that,” Dean said, prying out of Cas’s grip and sliding off the bed. He picked up one of his Led Zeppelin t-shirts off the back of his chair and chucked it at where Cas was still curled up under the comforter. “Besides. It’s spring now. Time to wake up.”
Castiel drifted toward the soul, arm outstretched, a small smile and a single name on his lips. Except –
not on us.”
Wiscasset, Maine
shoulder, and back down at Cas’s face.
It was quiet. As it should be.
Except – something painful, a fresh vapor trail through his memories, tugged at his consciousness. He squinted at it, but could only make out a smear of green, the crisp of pine, and a hinted rumble of grease and well-worn leather.
“Can you remember anything else?” Sam didn’t direct the question at anyone in particular.
But this time, he just felt empty.
“That’s,” Sam breathed. “That’s not what I was saying.”
Dean blinked hard through the dust and the specks of darkness starting to web in the edges of his vision. He clawed at the arm on his throat, but the vampire held firm. With every half-breath Dean gulped in, he felt his strength fade a little more.
Suddenly, Dean wasn’t lying on the floor anymore.
Dean barked a laugh at that, a single, humorless jolt of surprise. “Let me tell you a secret,” Dean said, laying back next to Jack. “If anyone tells you they know exactly what they’re doing, they’re lying.”
Dean rose to his feet, standing guard behind Sam as his brother steeled himself. Sam wrapped one hand around the door handle, gripped his machete with the other, and pulled.
Dean shrugged on a flannel he’d pulled out of what he thought was probably the “kinda clean” pile (but it passed the sniff test so it didn’t really matter where it came from) and a pair of jeans he’d half-kicked under the bed.
Begrudgingly, Dean let Jenny out of the trunk and – making sure her wrists were still bound – let her take the backseat. Thankfully, she’d taken the hint and kept her mouth shut while the kids were in the car.
“What do you mean?”
“Like something was wearing her,” Dean said, flicking his gaze back to the road.
Dean nodded, taking his first deep breath that wasn’t edged with agony, and let Cas help him to a stand. “I know. Don’t freak out.”
, he told himself. But the muted fear of inadequacy stained his thoughts.
“So you could be the first to kick my ass on the other side?” Dean lifted his bottle to drain it to the dregs.
“I don’t deserve this,” Dean said, his voice low.
Dean spun on his heel and sprinted, sprinted through the once-peaceful garden, pushing past a man blissfully flying a kite, his feet kicking up the ashes of burned wings as he wove through the celestial mass grave.
I will never leave your side
“Don’t uh,” Sam winced. “Our rooms are close. Just… don’t let me hear you playing ‘hide the angel blade.’”
Dean huffed a laugh and tightened his wing around Cas. “Fitting,” he whispered. When he looked down from the sky, he found Cas gazing at him instead of the stars. Dean didn’t remember who leaned in first, but it didn’t matter. Their lips met and the rest of the world melted away until the first rays of morning sun began to brighten the sky.
He hadn’t meant for it to come across as something so heavy, as such a sacrifice. But it was. Cas went quiet, and he felt the moment hang there in the air between them.
Sam turned back to Jenny. “Is Kate…?”
This time, he could
The vial didn’t answer, of course. But with one deep breath – one that stung of copper and rot – he squeezed his eyes shut, flared his wings and plunged down into the murky depths of blood.
“Go fuck yourself,” he spat out between coughs.
Sam spread a map out on the hood of the Impala while Dean dug through Dad’s journal.
This cycle was not by design. This was not how it was supposed to be. Nothing was supposed to exist in this expanse. Nothing that resembled life, at least. It was simply meant to be a cosmic stasis – where the corpses of a million slain celestials and their underworldly counterparts would quietly decay, replaying their deepest regrets while sinking back into the ether and being consumed by the empty itself.
“So what, that’s it?” He didn’t feel very different than he had before, though it was hard to tell considering a few moments ago he was wracked with excruciating pain. His baseline was skewed; his nerves hadn’t quite calmed down just yet.
Dean glanced at Sam, confused.
burning light – came rushing back in. The Empty snapped back, jolting out of its rest as something came crashing into its domain. Something different than all the rest who lie here.
Endless, perhaps. Vast, even.
Sam finished bandaging Dean’s hand and whirled around, his face scrunched up with anger. “Tell me what you know,” Sam snarled. “Or you’ll end up like the rest of your nest.” He tilted his head toward the bodies strewn across the barn.
“He’s an angel,” Cas said, his voice softening. He was no longer bothering to look at Sam. His eyes were glued on Dean’s wings, mesmerized by the shimmer of iridescent teal, and tracking over to the brilliant translucent white of his primaries. Dean tried hard to stamp down the flush he could feel rising up his neck as Cas stared at him like that, seemingly entranced by Dean’s feathers.
Now, the angel was broken. When the intolerably bright soul vanished, so did the angel’s will. It was no matter, in the end. You don’t hold a grudge against the pig you’ve sent to slaughter.
Dean nodded. He was pretty sure he was still human-adjacent. At least, he felt like he was. Sleep sounded
” He hissed, grabbing his own knee and stumbling back, half-tripping as he stepped on something behind him. He heard something else crack, and pain shot through his right hand. “Shit!”
“It really sounds like our kind of thing.”
in the backseat who feels more guilt than you do, Sam! A
Dean paused for a moment before turning to face him.
“Let’s see. It’s dark, creepy, and looks like something straight out of Wes Craven’s erotic fantasy? Yeah, it’s a hundred percent the place.” Dean shrugged off the uneasiness, rolling his shoulders and feeling the weight of his jacket ground him in the moment.
“I was here before everything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas just looked expectantly at Dean.
“A second chance. One you’ve more’n earned.”
And that’s when the machete blade came swinging toward Jenny’s throat.
“This is shit beer, Bobby.”
The moment you stopped being remembered, or missed, or grieved, you were lost to the ether. Like the sun dipping below the vast, lonesome horizon of the ocean, when the light was gone, so were you.
Seeing them both here was enough to convince him. Sam lurched forward and wrapped Dean up in a forceful hug that damn near squeezed Dean’s soul right back out of him. “Oh my god,” Sam almost tripped over the words. “When? How?
Regardless of what it was, something felt off.
It was still coming from behind him. Dean scrambled around to try and find the source, find where it was standing. But everything around him was empty.
“Jerk!”
don’t belong here,” The thing pretending to be Jimmy Novak sneered, raising a hand to point at where Dean stood behind Cas. “You are not dead, but you belong among them.” It flicked its hand, and in that swift, simple motion, Dean was torn away from Cas and thrown backward to land at the feet of his own shambling stolen vessels.
Cas mumbled something unintelligible, but it sounded like a swear.
“Show me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They weren’t better.” He felt more than heard Cas’s chest rumble with the words.
Sam stumbled backward, his back slamming into one of the bookshelves and adding more volumes to the mess of discarded tomes on the library’s floor. “
.” She shoved her hands away from their necks and slumped back in her seat. “We need to go back to the barn.”
“D-don’t,” Jenny hissed through clenched teeth. “Don’t listen to it.”
“Pull over,” Dean said.
Cas didn’t move, didn’t react.
“That’s alright!” Jack said, and with a snap, a bottle of bright pink strawberry soda appeared in his hand. “I brought my own.”
“Dean!”
Dean had sat on the cold floor of the bunker’s interrogation room for hours after the Empty dragged Cas away to an unreachable plane, just trying to process it. The only angel to ever truly love, so full of life and feeling, now locked away in an eternal expanse devoid of any of that.
He felt the dull blade of panic drag through his nerves, and while he was sure the tension wouldn’t show on his face, he had much less control over his wings. His feathers betrayed him, fluffing up as doubt and fear rose in his chest and threatened to choke him. This couldn’t last, this couldn’t be real, he was dead, he died alone in that godforsaken barn, he couldn’t breathe, he—
“What is what?” Sam asked.
But it was still enough to make his heart ache.
“For a hunter, you’re an oblivious sonuva bitch. I’d tell ya to look in a mirror, but I think you shattered all the glass within a mile of here,” He barked a laugh. Ellen wasn’t gonna be too happy about that. “Look around, son.”
“You’re unbelievable.”
Dean coughed both from the impact and from the shroud of dust that billowed up around him. The vampire descended down on top of him, ferocity lining her every feature. She pressed her forearm down on Dean’s throat, pinning him to the ground and cutting his breath short. The vampire grabbed his face under his chin, digging her nails into his cheek and forcing him to look at her. “Remember me, Winchester?” she snarled.
Dean steadied his breath. This wasn’t just in their heads. It wasn’t just a spectre pulling on the strings of their guilt and manifesting as their deepest betrayals. This was something
Dean’s teeth grazed Cas’s lip, and Cas hummed into his mouth. He nipped at Cas’s lip, and was rewarded with a rough almost-moan that set the back of Dean’s neck on fire. But just when Dean thought he was in the driver’s seat here, Cas dug his fingers deep into Dean’s wing and carded them through his feathers. Dean groaned. He tightened his grip around Cas and broke the kiss as a shudder rattled though his body. A distant thought needled into his brain,
Dean stared down at his hands and picked absently at the label on his beer. “I don’t know what I expected.” He looked out at the expanse of pine beyond the edge of the Roadhouse’s lot. “Not this,” he murmured. “Not Heaven.”
“What’s with you dyin’ after what, two weeks of freedom?” Bobby shot back.
“Jack’s off-world,” Bobby said, heaving a sigh. “Boy’s got it in his head he has to bring back every reality Chuck took off the air. Reckon he’ll be gone a while.”
“Cas?” Sam said, eyes wide. He whipped back around to Dean, then glanced back at Cas, and when he turned toward Dean again he did so with narrowed eyes. “
Dean took a shuddering, labored breath. And he opened the floodgates.
Out here, the Dead don’t have names.
. Maybe some of this pain, this loss – for both him and now Sam – could’ve been avoided.
Dean busted out laughing. Sam’s face turned an impossible shade of red, and with that, he spun and nearly ran out of the library, shouting a stern, “I mean it!” down the hallway as he left.
As far as he knew, he was alone in the bunker. Eileen had taken Miracle, who’d become a makeshift alert dog for her, to run backup with Claire on a ghoul hunt in Missouri. She wasn’t due back until at least tomorrow. And though she normally played her music loud like this, Jason Manns was hardly her style. Not enough bass.
,” Cas scolded, not for the first time tonight, and likely not for the last.
And for once, in the stolen spaces between breathless kisses, in all the empty pockets of discarded clothing and ruffled feathers, there lurked nothing ominous. Instead, they let themselves reach past the in-between, past its terrifying uncertainties, and when they reached with clasped hands into the depths of the unknown, they only found faith in each other.
“Dean,” Sam said, his voice low and soft. “That’s not—“
Realization dawned on Sam’s face.
Fine.
“Besides,” Dean went on. “I had to check something first.” He wasn’t stalling, of
dean's soul is shrimp colors
He’d first heard the word as a desperate plea gurgling out of Not-Cas’s mouth in that motel room dream of decay and despair. He’d heard it again, echoing in his brain as he rushed into the decrepit barn destined to become his deathbed.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, took a shuddering breath, and fired.
A silver iPod classic was mounted to the dash.
Thanks for coming along for the ride so far, y'all are amazing and every comment and kudos literally puts me on cloud nine.
“Do you miss them?” He whispered instead.
A hand suddenly gripped his shoulder, shocking him out of whatever
“Love.”
His heart clenched with a mixture of relief and fear when he saw the name of the first missed call.
Sam opened his mouth to fire back a retort, but seemed to reconsider. He felt this escalating into another wildly unproductive fight. Dean’s wounds from Cas’s death were still raw, and jabbing at them wasn’t going to fix anything.
Dean just blinked.
Dean only grinned. “Bitch.”
“We could just call this in,” Sam shrugged. “Leave right before the police—“
“The one an’ only.” He paused, feigning annoyance. “Well. In the afterlife, anyway.”
Dean pulled back, resting on his forearm to get a better look at Cas’s face. “What were they like?” he asked, absently tracing a finger up and down Cas’s chest to mask his own trepidation.
but this is supernatural -- we gotta go through a little anguish to get there.
They were getting closer to the barn. Dean could feel it. A sort of dark, displaced fury began to bubble up in his chest. It was an anger that didn’t quite feel like his own, but it was one he channeled into a pure hatred for the Empty. For tearing apart families and feasting on the corpse of despair. For mutilating love until only guilt remained.
Oh, I know we'll carry on
what mimes are, Dean.”
Sam grimaced, turning to Dean. “And you saw Cas the same way?”
his suggestion they bring the shurikens. They both opted for machetes instead. On a whim, Dean tucked a gun loaded with dead man’s blood-soaked bullets into his waistband.
The Empty looked startlingly like Cas, which only twisted the knife deeper into Dean’s chest. There was only one, grounding, gruesome difference: where Cas’s brilliant soulful blue eyes should’ve been was nothing but empty sockets.
“‘Life’s only precious because it ends,’” Dean quoted. “Humans just… aren’t built for eternity. An endless amount of time can be…”
“Huh,” Sam said, finally letting go of the bookshelf. He surveyed the state of disarray the library was in, with dozens of books strewn across the floor, as if he were seeing the mess for the first time. “You couldn’t have proven you were an angel in a less … dramatic way?”
Thorny tendrils of vengeful darkness curled around Dean’s wrists and ankles and sides, pressing deep blistering cuts into his skin. Dean could feel the sores opening on every inch of flesh as the Empty gnashed and ripped and tore into him. The pain was blinding, but Dean was laughing.
“We just passed the exits for Dayton, so…” Sam bobbed his head as he worked out the math. “About three hours.”
If Sam looked like he was struggling to process the absolute onslaught of information before, now he looked like he’d completely stopped functioning.
But this morning, Dean’s muscles ached from a lack of movement. He blinked awake, and though there was no natural light in the bunker this far underground, it felt late. He reached over to grab his phone off the nightstand to check the time, when he heard Cas grumble from behind him.
“Cas is in there,” Dean’s voice wavered, growing manic with desperation. He tore his arm out of Sam’s grasp and stepped forward. “
Every one of his nerves screamed to be able to cradle this soul to his chest and convince it that it deserved the world. Castiel had walked the earth since the dawn of time, since the Sahara was flooded and teeming with life, since the first fish defied the natural order and dragged itself out of the ocean, risking death in search of some freedom greater than itself. He’d seen the first moments of creation and death, bore witness to the birth of joy and betrayal. He’d observed countless stories of love and loss through the eternal tides of time and yet – nothing compared to this.
He hadn’t let the kid say goodbye.
“Alright,” Cas whispered, laying a reverent kiss to the side of Dean’s throat.
Laughing because he’d
Cas squinted slightly, and though his eyes were still locked on the needle, his focus seemed to soften.
hey, Cas.
Sam opened his mouth to object, but thought better of it. He eased the Impala onto the shoulder and shifted into park.
he was pretty sure.
“Mmm, I wouldn’t be so sure,” Jenny offered. “It may have let you go for now, but it’ll come back. It always does.”
She shook her head. “No. Just me.”
The morning couldn’t come soon enough. For once, Dean had gotten up before Sam, and was ready to walk out the door before Sam had even finished waking up. He wanted this case to be over quickly so he could grab some pie, and then go back to wasting away in the bunker in peace.
And that changed everything.
He needed to stop thinking about this so hard – and whatever Cas was doing here, running the pads of his fingers down his wings, pressing them ever so slightly between his feathers, was doing just that. Dean leaned into the sensation, letting the touch muffle his panicking thoughts. Dean slid his hand around to the back of Cas’s head, running his fingers through Cas’s dark hair, and finally closed the gap between them.
Dean shrugged.
Dean savored the moment, leaning slightly into the touch and taking a steadying breath.
,” Dean said, though it didn’t hurt. “Not a ghost.”
He curled in on himself and took a shaky breath.
Dean kept his foot firmly on the gas, and as they sped away, he could see Not-Cas in the rearview folding up into a stand, shattered gristle and sinew stuttering and snapping and grinding back into place. It lifted its hand again into that sickening backward wave. The entire time, it never stopped grinning.
An anxious hope flared through every nerve in Dean’s body. This could be it, this could be the first step in getting Cas back, could be his only hope to finding him, to undoing the damage he’d done, to finally telling him that he—
Dean wanted to hear it. Needed
Sarasota, Florida (yoder’s has damn good pie)
Dean chewed on his lip. “I guess mine
It was dark beneath his wings. Dean had skidded to a stop on his shoulder after throwing his wings around Cas to soften the blow on his (calculated) crash-landing. He wouldn’t admit he didn’t know any other way to land. His shoulder ached from the angelic equivalent of a gear-up landing, but he made no effort to move.
“That’s alright,” Cas shrugged, far too casual for the next thing he was about to say. The bomb he was about to drop and simply stroll away from without looking over his shoulder. “I was planning on sleeping in Dean’s bed.”
The barn rose out of the earth at a slant, as though the only thing keeping it together was spite for the land it sat on, and hatred for those who left it to rot. The paint had chipped away and blackened with age. Dark mildew clung to the gaps between the planks of wood, smelling both sickly sweet and rancid at the same time, like meat starting to turn. The ground surrounding the barn was dry and cracked and gouged, and it was clear nothing had grown here in decades – and likely never would again.
“I’d rather hibernate.”
“That’s not entirely accurate,” said a low, gravelly voice from behind Sam.
, he thought bitterly, trying to convince himself his nightmare meant nothing.
He shut his eyes and leaned forward from where he knelt on the floor of that long-abandoned barn. Dean pressed his palms into the dust, splaying the fingers of his injured hand out wide and gritting his teeth through the pain.
“I didn’t know either!” Dean snapped. “But he’s gone. It’s done.”
Claire just shook her head. He wouldn’t admit it, but deep down, Dean was relieved.
“Hm,” Dean grunted, taking a swig of his second (third?) beer of the afternoon. It was crap beer – really tasted like stagnant water out of a rusty gas station sink – but it kept him firmly grounded in this plane of existence, and out of his head.
“Dean!” Sam shouted, lunging forward to Dean’s side. He grabbed Dean’s shoulders, but Dean wouldn’t look up.
“What are you,” Dean snarled.
“Really?” Jack perked up at that.
“Okay,” Sam swallowed, shifting his weight nervously. He shook the small syringe they’d scrounged up out of a half-forgotten bag in Baby’s trunk, sloshing the meager amount of liquid around inside. It had been nestled in between the last few drops of holy oil and a congealed brew from fermented African Dream Root (or, root beer as Dean had once jokingly called it before taking a swig). It was in the Bag of Last Resorts, though neither of them would acknowledge that out loud. “Hopefully this is enough now.”
Though he was standing with his back to Cas, he could practically hear the angel roll his eyes.
It had no name, the thing that resided here. The thing that …
“Now,
Dean waited a beat, trying to calculate his next move, when he heard Cas speak.
memory placing Cas here.
“Fine,” Dean backed off, mouthing “
“Dean?” Cas’s voice rasped.
And it was something that instantly struck a chord with Dean.
“I know what you mean,” Jenny piped up from the backseat. Sam and Dean both jumped, for a brief moment forgetting she was even back there until she spoke. “It did the same thing to me.”
He tore the door open, to nothing.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, interrupting the Empty’s venomous retort. “Everything you’ve done, you’ve done because you believed it was right!” The words just tumbled out of him as he rushed to speak before the Empty could lash out again. “You sacrifice yourself over and over for everyone else.”
“Oh, no. You saw something there didn’t you?”
“I didn’t agree to that!” Sam’s breath heaved. He pointed at Dean with a shaky hand. “You’ve got
They pulled into a dingy motel just outside of Canton’s city limits, and aside from exchanging only a few necessary words, settled in for the night in silence.
The remaining five surged forward. Dean ducked back and spun under Sam’s arm just as his brother swung his machete forward – a move they’d practiced and perfected over years of hunting together. By this point, they barely needed to speak or signal; they moved like clockwork.
He knelt there next to Sam, knowing his final moments with his brother were quickly ticking away. Waiting for his reaper felt both excruciatingly slow (
bigger than you know. I don’t know exactly what
“Nah, it’d take her
“Those kids?” Dean asked, shutting his eyes for a moment. The words stung bitter on his tongue. His job was about saving people, and that meant everyone – and while he wasn’t a father, there was something about monsters who hurt kids that made him so angry his teeth ached.
Dean took a deep, grounding breath, and the air was thick with death and decay. His chest heaved with the effort of it, and he clawed at the neck of his shirt in a desperate attempt for air. It felt like trying to breathe underwater.
And when it had taken one too many souls from these woods, the darkness had come to collect.
“Did you miss me?” Dean gushed, stepping forward with his arms outstretched. This was perfect. Exactly how he’d envisioned it. A long-overdue and heartfelt reunion in the bunker, just like old times.
The next morning came all too quickly. Most nights for Dean were a few fitful minutes of sleep at a time, spaced out by even longer periods of uneasy wakefulness. Some nights, he’d give up on lying there in the dark, getting up to take apart and clean his gun just to give him something mechanical to do to distract him from his nightmares.
it whispered to him.
“You have grace.”
“Yeah, okay? Fine,” Dean snarled. “I saw something at the motel. You happy now?”
. “Apparently he struck a deal with that thing to save Jack.”
The vial around his neck hummed in tune with his thoughts, thrumming softly against his chest. He was close. He could feel it reverberating within his own grace. Dean picked his way through the bodies, breaking into a light jog. It was as fast as he could move, given there wasn’t a lot of floor space to work with. Dean didn’t quite know where he was going – as far as he could tell, this room had no doors, no windows, no hint of a way out.
Sam opened the glove compartment to rifle through the scattered sheets of lore they’d left in there from previous hunts, looking for anything that could help them. But he knew he’d come up empty. This was unlike anything they’d faced before.
“Not for me, you don’t.” Cas said, and Dean should’ve known that that would come back to haunt him one day.
Before Dean could even think to hit the brakes, his foot snagged on something large, and he fell forward. Dean threw out his hands to catch his fall, and he heard cracking followed by a wet, sickening
He’d swiped it off a seat of that haunted school bus back in Indiana all those years ago. It was the one good thing to come out of ever stepping foot there.
“I, uh.” Dean cleared his throat, pressing a sob back down into his chest before it could rip free. “I didn’t get to say goodbye.”
things you’re hiding from me. Like what the
Cas finally opened his eyes, if only to glare at Dean.
“Alright, c’mon, we gotta get out of here.”
Dean suppressed a snicker as he pressed a kiss to Cas’s temple. “I’ve got a better way to shut you up,” Dean mumbled into Cas’s hair, his voice dropping low.
, only on the gentle heat from the necklace nudging him on. With love as his compass, he let Cas pull him through the expanse like the tide.
“Come now,” he heard Cas rasp. It wasn’t coming from the phone anymore, but from right outside the door.
That shot Dean into high gear.
!” Dean spat through a mouthful of blood. He fell to his knees, clutching his own jaw as an agonizing heat pulsed beneath his skin. He struggled to control his breathing, taking in deep breaths through his nose to get a grip on the pain.
“It wasn’t long after Kate died,” she continued. “Luther was super broken up about it. The two of them had been together a really long time, I guess. He was desperate to bring her back. Like, really desperate. It was scaring some of the nest, people were talking about leaving and then…” Jenny trailed off, her voice wavering. “I saw her. In my dreams.”
the Empty’s rage flare up around him.
Not-Cas tipped its head back in laughter. It already knew the answer. It had taunted Dean once in a dream, dangling the truth of it just out of reach.
There was static on the other end.
I kept it vague, but if you want to know the exact towns I based their roadtrip off of:
And then, of
“Tommy,” Dylan said, still quiet. Tommy just drew his knees up into his chest and fixed a blank stare at his shoes. “
,” he hissed. “Get the fuck up, it’s fucking
Dean didn’t remember who moved first, but the next thing he knew, Cas was on his back in the grass, and Dean was kneeling over him. He paused, breathing hard, staring down at Cas’s face, which was flushed pink with heat. Cas was staring back at him, with an expression on his face that Dean realized he didn’t know how to read.
come yell at me on tumblr! @withclawsandsympathy
is, but trust me – it’s fucking horrifying.” She threw out her hands. “And I’m saying this as someone who basically eats people.”
And there, in a carefree pocket of suburban Minnesota, high above the lifeblood of the Midwest, Dean and Cas found God.
It was a sigil an endless number of corpses forged in his image now bore. Each one burned exponentially brighter, building into a blinding light that tore holes into the Empty’s very darkness. An agonizing scream ripped from the Empty as the light grew white-hot, searing into Dean’s eyes. Dean clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut as every muscle in his body tensed around Cas, the heat of the sigil’s activation burning around them as though they were in the very pits of an inferno. Dean felt the fire of the banishing sigil course through his body, singeing his feathers, burning into his palms.
“Little busy!” Sam shouted back, fending off the other remaining two vampires as they worked to corner him.
It only took a moment. Suddenly, the pain in Dean’s face was just a memory, and the pool of blood between his teeth evaporated into nothing.
“It’s my turn to drive.”
Jenny shot forward and dug her nails into the back of both of their necks, baring her fangs in a feral hiss that stopped them both cold.
note, the one he’d found inexplicably tucked into his pocket after he’d burned Dean’s lifeless body – the note he now kept on his desk.
It was an exhausting routine.
Dean met Bobby’s eyes, trying not to let the sudden hope he felt rising in his chest get the better of him.
Dean gulped in air that smelled like the aging pages of books, like various herbs for spellwork, like the hint of dust on the large oak tables. Air that smelled a little musty, though comforting. Air that smelled like home.
Grass. Trees. Dead leaves.
Dean hadn’t expected the script to flip so suddenly. To go from undeserving knight in borrowed armor to a goddamn damsel in distress, but he didn’t let his anxious pride pull him away. This time, he let himself be held.
The dog leaned into Dean’s hand, and he swore the dog was grinning. For a brief moment, Dean felt a little lighter. He straightened back up and followed the dog into the kitchen, both drawn forward by the smell of something freakin’
“I think I know the word now,” he said, and Cas pulled back from where he’d been leaving a bruise on Dean’s collarbone. Dean cradled a hand underneath Cas’s jaw and found himself swept away by Cas’s gaze.
They were still frozen, still standing there hunched over, their arms dangling in the air, unmoving. As if… as if the Empty could only consciously control one of Cas’s regrets at a time. Dean reached up and touched the hinge of his jaw – the spot that had been shattered just moments ago, the spot where a deep blue-black bruise bloomed on every copy of himself around him – and a plan flickered into his thoughts.
“Breathe.” He heard Cas’s voice cut through his panic.
Dean floored it. And this time, Baby’s tires found purchase. The car tore forward, ramming into Not-Cas with enough force to shatter its spine. Dean heard the crunching and snapping of bones as The Empty buckled forward over the hood, its fingers smearing dark pus across the Impala’s glossy finish.
He directed the question out into the nothing. Cas was gone. Jack was off-world doing whatever it was that God did.
That look. The way Cas was staring at him. That wasn’t— Oh.
Dean continued his momentum around Sam, making sure nothing was behind them before re-emerging on his brother’s other side. He fired at a vamp, hitting them right in the heart with a dead man’s blood bullet and dropping them to the floor.
Putnam, New York (not the county, the town is very hard to find on a map)
Sam beat him to it. A light clicked on next to him just as he managed to get his working. The barn was hardly the place anyone, monster or not, would want to set up shop. The place was covered in cobwebs, as if even the spiders had given up on this place. The building seemed unstable, with the support beams creaking under its own weight. The dust settled like thick, gray snowdrifts on every surface.
He shook his head to clear his thoughts, and broke his silence.
“Did you see this? You see what he did?”
Crisp, clean air.
,” Cas pouted.
Dean braced for impact as Sam turned his glare on him.
It took a moment for Dean to realize the scream in pain he’d heard was his own. The Colt exploded in Dean’s hand. Shrapnel shredded the flesh of his fingers, shards of metal and plastic embedding into his bloodied mess of a hand. Deep in his mind, whatever had twined its brambles to choke out his thoughts shrieked in pain and recoiled.
They were
“I, uh. I don’t know how.” Dean shifted nervously.
“Aw,” Jenny cooed, mockingly. “A ghost! That’s cute.”
“I don’t see anything.” Concern tipped the edges of Sam’s hesitant voice.
He raised his arm, the blade glinting in the light, and slashed through the vine in front of Cas’s face. The weapon sliced through it effortlessly, the chunk of darkness falling to the floor and writhing on the concrete. The other half of the vine snapped up toward the ceiling with a hiss.
Now it was Sam’s turn to grab his jacket. He closed his hand around Dean’s arm, trying to hold him back. “Dean, wait—“
“Fake it ‘til you make it,” Dean chuckled as he nudged Jack’s shoulder. “
“An’ I could tell you all the ways you’re wrong, but I don’t got forty years to prattle on about it,” Bobby grumbled. “An’ that’d only scratch the surface. Besides,” Bobby said, stepping off the patio toward Dean. “This ain’t just a second chance for you.”
“Hello, Dean.”
He skidded into an empty pocket in the Empty’s gruesome labyrinth, the ground beneath his feet slowly sinking into ooze and blood. He could see Cas – he wasn’t far now.
It was buried deep in an old playlist, one he rarely heard unless he put his entire iPod on shuffle, and it was even rarer for him to listen to it in its entirety. It was upbeat in its own odd kind of way, somehow both wistful in the lyrics and bright in the tempo, but it still carried too many memories.
“Come here,” Cas rasped, and Dean didn’t have to be told twice. He practically collapsed into the space next to Cas, his wings tucking away into whatever intangible plane angel wings vanished to. He let his head fall on Cas’s chest and slung an arm around him as he zeroed his focus into every steadying breath.
Thank you all for keeping me going!
to get a piece of this.” He gestured down his body, and flashed the monsters a half-grin. “
“You can drill into my head, Naomi, but you cannot make me hurt him,” Cas said, his voice steady, defiant as he stared down the barrel of the vine like a challenge.
