Luckily Sherlock caught that thread and finished, “--research trip. John’s researching for a story he’s writing.”
entirely illegal; on the other, though, she’d made the attacks personal after he’d been called into more than a few cases.
Sherlock shrugged, unable to stop the smug smirk that fought for purchase on his face. He knew exactly why Irene would train him to catch a lie, to dissect a person based on observable evidence and use it to pull together a person’s confidences or else their coercion. She dealt in information and favours as much as Naamah’s pleasure. “It’s my job to read the details.”
Sherlock heard John’s yell not ten feet away, muddled like noise through deep water. He tried to slip his fingers into Neck Tattoo’s pocket to prise the knife free, use it to gain his freedom, but there was no room to maneuver.
A low buzz simmered in John’s head again, and he found himself speechless. Only one question forced its way out. “But if he was a Cassiline, how could he possibly be your ancestor?”
Neither of them remembers exactly when it started: lingering glances that gave way to a hand on the shoulder or elbow or small of the back, escalating to lips brushing the outer shell of ears as whispered instructions were passed on stake-outs. It became a game of who-would-crack-first: Sherlock could be patient, but John could be
Even still, Wilkerson had freely contracted Sherlock. And Sherlock never backed away from a challenge. He would catch Wilkerson’s attention.
Sherlock scarcely waited for the door to swing shut behind Irene and Kate before asking, “What do you
“I can’t let you do this,” he growled thickly through the swelling. “You don’t want to be a murderer.”
series. It's such a beautiful bit of verse, and I can't express how pleased I am to have found a home for it here. (Fun fact: In the story, Thelesis, a native of Terre D'Ange, wrote this while trapped in accidental exile in Alba or Eire--that is, Britain or Ireland.)
So went his thoughts, a ceaseless feedback loop that bordered on discomfort, as he wandered, until he found himself staring at a series of painted-over marks etched into a doorframe between the mudroom and the kitchen. His curiosity landed firmly on them, as their spacing didn’t occur in logical increments. One set of scratches might be an inch apart, another only a quarter an inch; they started at roughly three feet from the floor and ended just above five feet. Sherlock frowned at the scratches--they’d been painted over, but not sanded from the wood. There were thirteen marks in all, from knee-height, to roughly shoulder height.
John fell into the familiar, comfortable position of the attending Cassiline: relaxed but back straight, shoulders squared but dropped, hands clasped at the small of the back. He took in his surroundings but focused on nothing, became the still centre of his own little universe, ready for action.
Amelia Chamberlain paled, but with a sharp intake of breath, she lifted her chin. “First you insult me, and now you’ve broken into my hotel suite. I’ll have your arse for this--get out before I call the police.” Her tone stayed level, calm. Sherlock could tell she fully intended to dodge his question.
There before the ancient statue of Elua, John knelt, forehead cradled on his fingertips on the stone plinth. He shivered, his murmured prayers unintelligible in the still night air.
When they caught their breath, and John found the temerity to extricate himself from between Sherlock and the tree, Sherlock still found himself grinning stupidly. John mirrored it right back at him, and it was possibly the best. No patron, no drug,
to whoever was listening that Helen didn’t have a passcode to her phone as he slid his thumb across the screen.
Chapter warnings for: violence (and BAMF!John), as well as a Moriarty scene, with its own potential squick. For more info on that, please check the end-notes.
Sherlock stripped his safety gear and stowed it away neatly before following her through the back garden and into the office of their old farmhouse. Bookcases lined the walls, a lifetime of sating curiosity: a section by the door dedicated to Mrs. Holmes’s pre-motherhood life as a mathematician, and the rest to her ever-expanding interests. The only decoration in the room was a small, hand-painted sign in beige and brown that explained his mother at once:
THE CRUX OF equinox is not enough, not yet, to dispel the winter chill that huddles in night-time puddles, gripping the wind and pushing it along the midnight streets. The nearby village only has one high street, if it could even be called as much.
Many apologies for the delay. I've been sitting on this chapter for like a week, but life has been a handful. Anyhow, I do want to give you all a heads-up: I will have to slow down chapter updates for a little while--I've got a few projects coming up that have nasty deadlines. Hopefully I can get back on track in a month or so, but I'm hoping to do at least one update a week. Cross your fingers for me, loves. <3 <3
A flicker of confusion crossed Luca’s face, and Sherlock realised he’d spoken in English. Just as well. He couldn’t be arsed to repeat himself, even for language barriers.
Sherlock nodded once, pushed to his feet. When he spoke, his voice creaked from strain and disuse. He ignored the ache in his chest, which hurt worse than his body by far.
Once the on-site coroner carefully rolled the remains of the victim onto its stomach, a swathe of skin and tissue over his spine had been brutally carved away, exactly where a marque would stretch. Detritus clung to the exposed muscle, the edges of skin curled away from the wound, bloated and
It was with that thought running rampant in his head that he finally reached the stables. He found John currying a dappled Appaloosa, its shoulders a soft grey that faded to white across its ribs and flanks, speckled with matching grey spots like a dalmation.
But then amidst his monologue his head broke the surface and John drew in a deep lungful, Sherlock laughing and grappling him like they were twelve years old, carefree and silly with it.
Sherlock couldn’t help the way his cheeks burned. Suddenly his little game felt immature, the sort of thing a dull-witted, besotted teen might resort to. He started to reply, but remembered the way in which he’d been instructed to address Jim. It would only make his embarrassment worse.
Their stories--Frédérique’s and Cecily’s--spun in his head. Two people who’d had their entire world tangled up and ripped away. It burned in him like a brand, a truth too immense to ignore.
Emile straightened and tapped his finger to the side of his nose. “Just a piece on loan from Mandrake House. Your ward’s patron signed all the appropriate forms for it, I promise you.”
The dagger circled end over end, caught him in the join of his shoulder. He screamed, dropped to his knees.
Jim stepped back into Sherlock’s space until they were chest-to-chest. “Just remember,” he murmured, tilting his head up to ghost his lips along Sherlock’s jaw. “If you’re patient, Daddy will reward you. I know just--” his hand slid down to cup Sherlock again, “--what to give you.”
John smiled ruefully, said nothing. Even here, in the safety of Elua’s heart, he couldn’t reveal his own. His chest ached and his throat throbbed, and there was nothing he could do for it.
He tapped the drawing displayed before him, a column of twisting vine-work and clusters of pink-petaled eglantine; tucked into the tangling vines were the words,
To jog your memory, the last chapter had Sherlock going on assignation with the de Fhirze twins, which involved a gangbang, which Sherlock thoroughly enjoyed, followed by snuggling with the twins (and somewhat else besides).
John, Sherlock noticed, was beautiful when he was angry. He was always attractive, but with his temper getting the better of him, his dark eyes flashed like polished sodalite in the oncoming dawn. His jaw tightened and his shoulders squared, ever the warrior. It was only when just shy of furious he gave Sherlock his full attention. The weight of his regard scraped along Sherlock’s skin and left a burning tingle in its wake.
Sherlock let out a noise, jerked against his restraints. Wilkerson had only coached him into serenity to take it away, to mix him up once more. He felt the cold press of the plug against his urethra, breaching the first little bit. He sucked in a breath and his body went rigid, sure of the painful stretch to come. But it didn’t, even after the plug slid in a little further.
She jolted as if she were about to stand, but the guard lurched at her, and she aborted the movement, opting to merely spit on the ground.
“What happened?” he asked again, his voice harder. So much for choosing not to ask. For all that it was a whisper, it may as well have been a bellow. “Did
Sherlock frowned. John had reverted into the tacit, recalcitrant man Sherlock had met in the very beginning. Being back among his peers, under investigation like this… it was inevitable.
Was his heart’s desire worth more than his oath to Cassiel? Had he been right to choose as he did in the Tribunal?
And Sherlock’s proximity, well, it was distracting enough that John nearly forgot to suck in his breath when he did so; all he could think was,
Sherlock cleared his throat, standing in the centre of the suite lounge. He looked apprehensive and lost--John had never seen him this way, not even on La Poveglia, or at the embassy. Dread curled in John’s stomach. Sherlock was having second thoughts about all of his hasty declarations, he was sure of it. As much as the thought hurt, it made sense. Why would an impeccably-trained servant of Naamah want an inexperienced, mediocre ex-Cassiline? Was it a sense of debt or obligation?
John swallowed against the lump that formed in his throat, the taste of green and sunlight strange on his tongue. He recalled his dream--the cupped hands of The Good Steward, his own divine ancestor, supporting soil and the fragility of new life.
The "song" is taken (in-universe) from a poem called "An Exile's Lament" by Thelesis de Mornay, the poet laureate from the original
He stepped away from John, evading the contact, and pinched the bridge of his nose. It would do no one any good for him to go along daydreaming like a swooning D’Angeline schoolgirl.
An eyebrow raised then, and a rueful, predatory smile twisted Lestrade’s mouth. He lifted a hand, traced fingertips along Sherlock’s hamstring, to the curve of bare arse. “Sherlock Holmes?”
Dianne pulled back just enough to smile at her twin. “Just that there’s still more up my sleeve.” Then she leaned forward, dropped her voice for Sherlock only again. “I remember your
And more importantly, where the hell was Mycroft? The shadow of the British government and Sherlock’s sometime interloping babysitter, Mycroft should have had this entire sodding situation figured out by now, surely.
“I’d like--” Sherlock screwed up his courage, praying to Naamah or whoever was listening he didn’t bollux this one completely, “--I’d like to perform oral sex on you--”
Lestrade sat up, then, and the silence stretched palpable in the room. Sherlock fought the urge to cover his eyes in the crook of an elbow and let the bed swallow him whole. He waited for the rejection to come, as it so often did in Uni:
John's occasionally an idiot that likes to eat his own foot. So watch out for him implying some slut-shaming not only directed at Sherlock but Naamah herself. I told you, the man is occasionally dumb.
He hadn’t meant for that last bit to come out, but that didn’t make it any less true. And as surely as he knew it’d been accidental, so he could see it’d been the right thing to say.
She crossed back over to him, slid a hand over his arse and delved between his legs to cradle his ballocks. A whimper escaped him and he rocked harder against the edge of the bed, pivoting his hips from the small of his back, where the corset held him firmly in line, to show her just the way he could move, the curve of his arse as it pumped against the duvet. Already he could feel his own cock slipping free from the lacy black panties, leaking against his stomach and her bed. His breath juddered out in gasps, the corset restricting his airflow until the lack of oxygen burned fuzzy at his edges. He squirmed as she watched him find the friction he desperately needed.
Sherlock pursed his lips, making it abundantly clear just how much he did not want to bare his soul to her. She put a hand up in placation.
He flopped down at his meagre desk, stared at the faded photograph sitting there. It was one of the few possessions he’d bothered taking with him after he’d joined the Brotherhood: a battered old 35mm of Harry, their parents, and him, huddled together in-frame and laughing. They’d gone on a camping trip. John was only nine.
was an old Siovale custom, something of a sacred trust in Siovalese families. The first half wasn’t familiar--which was of note. Mycroft swore by it without hesitation. It must’ve been frequent and carried some sort of draw. For a millisecond Sherlock thought maybe it’d been a slip-up, but this was Mycroft Holmes, whose entire value lay in his ability to remain a steel trap. The oath itself was the
“I had hoped to give these to you under better circumstances,” she explained, “but I feel that it bears far too much history to keep, either way.”
The gala was a disgusting display of exactly the sort of hedonism John had expected from a servant of Naamah--nude statues and paintings on display, nothing but pornographic debauchery. Champagne flowed as the moneyed denizens of London’s upper crust mingled, and John felt just how separate he was from all this.
Sherlock hiccuped, unable to gasp or exhale as the fear constricted in his chest. His head swam, and he trembled, caught between want and curiosity, dire fear and desire. But the blade didn’t touch his skin--he heard the sigh of thin fabric parting neatly from the blade. Jim sliced the costume until it all fell away, pooling at Sherlock’s feet. Then he jerked it free, tossed it somewhere to the side. Something hard and holed grated against Sherlock’s skin: a drainage system below that very spot.
Sherlock swallowed. Fought the dizziness of his exertions and Jim’s very presence. His heart hammered in his chest, and he could only pray to Elua that his hands didn’t tremor.
He dwelled on that thought as much as he wondered who her “boss” was, that they could interrupt a weekend that had obviously been high on Helen’s priority list.
John could guess that he was likely formulating ways in which they could appear completely casual and occupied, but that would still leave him free to watch the crowd. He wondered, though, at a Sherlock who was less than cool and collected and at the helm of his own scheme.
Sherlock had never before considered the appeal of his secondary calling as Irene’s pupil. He shrugged and made an educated guess, cast his net carefully.
Awash in his memories, he wishes Sherlock had remembered the Macallan. He thinks about how different things were now, than the last time they’d come here. The worries he’d had that night were nothing to what he feels and thinks now. How could he have ever guessed this is where his life would lead?
Sherlock nodded. He was eager to escape, to be alone with his thoughts, at least for a little while.
Strings tuned, bow rosined, Sherlock poised the space of three breaths, and then he played. Notes spilled out, warm and seductive as they wove around the spacious room, slinking and idling next to one another until they built a complex auditory sculpture, sound made sensual and subtle.
The darker edge of John’s tone, there at the end, loving and possessive, sent another wave rippling through Sherlock. As his hips rocked against the blanket again, the movement was enough to shift one of the thorns dangerously closer to Sherlock’s cock, and the thrill of that only drove him further.
Because now? Now he knows, fully and unavoidably, how much he loves Sherlock; how much, to his surprise, Sherlock seems to return the sentiment unstinting. But each time in the past three months he’s let himself think on it, a cold, hateful little voice in his conscience whispers,
Sherlock’s head spun as he watched John leave. He covered his mouth, a silent mirror to the man still standing by the statue.
“I don’t know why she sent me. All I know I’ve gathered on my own, that you were under suspicion for drug trafficking but your name has been cleared.” The words tumbled from his mouth before he could catch them.
“Torturous,” Jim breathed. He’d slipped back into the room and made no attempt to hide the way he gaped at Sherlock. “Tonight will be absolutely torturous for me. Do you know that?” Then he loosed a little titter. “Of course you do. I should send my girl out right now and do something about--”
“You think you can take this cock?” Lestrade growled, slipping his slick hand free, dropping to press his chest against Sherlock’s back. He lined himself up until the head of his cock nudged Sherlock’s hole. “You think an inexperienced little prude like you can handle me?”
When he closes his eyes again he hears Sherlock’s voice nearby, echoing close on the water. “I can’t tell which is worse, John, your ability to hold a tune, or your drunken philosophising. Philosophisising? Philosising? You know what I mean.” A breathy, flippant chuckle follows.
The thought sparked desire, which rocketed straight to John’s groin so quickly he had to duck into an alleyway to keep from getting an ASBO for indecency. And then Voicemail-Sherlock loosed a faint, breathy groan.
“Is this what you want?” John asks, curling his finger through one of the straps so that the toy dangles beside Sherlock’s face. “This little thing?”
Around them Elua's temple fell away. They stood at a dusty crossroads, twin paths stretching diagonally away, carved from dry soil. Sherlock disappeared, too.
Even still, the lapping water of the Thames against distant docks, against the gravelly shore beneath their feet, took on a hollow ring like a drumbeat against his ears. Sebastian Wilke’s body flashed red in his vision, and he knew he was on the right path.
He repeated it right until he heard the rhythmic sound of skin against skin, little gasps and sighs as loud as if he were in the room with them.
Pinned there between the twins, an undulating mass that held him in place, there was no way in hell he would change his mind.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut as John finished his inspection, swallowing down that thought. It didn’t matter what either of them felt, if John even felt the same way he did. John was a Cassiline, dedicated through and through to his brotherhood, to the one angel to abandon all earthly enjoyment to stay by Elua’s side, content only in service.
Before he could find his words, Jim jerked the lead hard enough that Sherlock knew to stand, and led him away.
The guests wasted no time, tearing the hareem pants from his body, stripping themselves however they liked best. Sweaty hands roamed and prodded his back, his sides, grasped and slapped and pinched the meat of his arse. All he could see was the movement of one clothed figure or another before him--a flash of satin waistcoat or shimmering organza--at an angle where he could not look up to see a single face.
Sherlock bit off a laugh, opting instead to pause and consider the best route to cut off their suspect. He swerved down a dark alley. “Thought you’d be glad to be rid of me,” he called over his shoulder.
Sherlock used lips and tongue as he worked his way along the side of Sally’s cock, his fingers stroking the exterior of her labia, tangling in the moisture-slick curls that protected her most sensitive places.
But once Sherlock had switched tracks, John could see him gearing up to zoom ahead: “Violator,” Sherlock murmured. “Suspect appears to be in his late thirties, and his slacks and shoes would indicate he was upper-class. The love note on his chest and the strip on his back definitely point us in the direction of a House-raised murderer, but it’s worth investigating further before we jump to that conclusion...” Sherlock trailed off, nearly as bloodless as the corpse.
Mr. Ames opened his sketchbook, leafing past whorls of stark black and brilliant colour, the flashes of images arranging themselves in the mind's eye before slipping away to the next. Sherlock could see fragments of winter scenes, of portraits and lettering, stylised animals and objects. Finally his book fell open to the place Mr. Ames had intended, and when he spoke, his voice was softer now, devoid of the earlier joviality and flirtatiousness he'd first displayed.
It wasn’t until he was halfway across the street that his phone pinged loudly in his pocket. He bit back a smile, knowing with near certainty who’d texted him. Safely across the street, he slid the phone free and glanced at the screen. Not a text, then, but a missed call. And a voice message.
“Mrs. Holmes, I take it?” Sister Roberts asked as she indicated they should sit. “How may I be of service?”
The sight that greeted him was heartbreaking. The common room itself was worse even than the hallway. The wooden flooring along the far wall was discoloured and buckled so badly it looked ready to fall in at the drop of a straw. The rest of the room was littered thick with strips of peeled paint from brittle concrete walls like skinned birch trunks. The white, all antiseptic and bright once upon a time, varied in shades of yellow and brown, aged paper to coffee stain, depending on the damage.
“Don’t you dare,” he growled as he lowered himself into a crouch. He spun his right dagger, then left. The points faced outward so John might grip them for punching with knuckles or slicing with steel. He planted his feet to the concrete, strong-arm out for the jab, weak arm in to block, shoulders and hips angled to make a smaller target. The first position ever taught within the walls of the Brotherhood. His mind cleared of all thought save the memory of muscle, the analysis of telltale movement. “Turn yourself in--and leave
Sherlock thought of Lestrade then, the way he’d been gentle even at his roughest, compared to Victor. It had been good, so good, but--
“We can lose them in Lido!” Felippa called, and ducked as another spray of gunfire ripped across the water, splintering the stern. It only barely missed the engine.
Once she left, he did watch John for the first little while: prostrate in his suit, unheeding the dirt on the knees or what surely had to be freezing earth against bare feet, icy marble against his fingers.
He wept as the blows fell; he wept from the pain in his body and for other pain: for Irene’s death, and Kate’s, for the fear his parents must have felt, and even for Mycroft’s. He wept for John. Not for finding love where neither would have ever expected it, but for all John had lost by choosing Sherlock over the Brotherhood. He wept for the guilt of not feeling worthy of that sort of devotion at all.
That night Irene would host a party, a small do with hand-selected guests, and the main event would be auctioning off Sherlock’s debut as a servant of Naamah.
All the way down the treacherous corridors, echoes and the noise of a building slowly succumbing to nature creaked around them, playing tricks on the ear. There were half a dozen times their little group froze, absolutely certain the guards were already tailing them.
but then he paused, backspacing the last word, thinking again of John’s complaint. The man was on-call twenty-four hours a day. Should Sherlock leave him out of it, or offer to wait until morning?
His throat tightened, hurt nearly as much as his head. Understandably, the coat he wore like a cloak, like a shield, oddly, like a set-in-stone fragment of his identity, would have been lost in all the chaos.
John drew in a deep breath and glanced over to his best mate. Summer-thick foliage largely obscured the full moon, but every so often a silvery shaft would pierce the canopy. One such caught Sherlock just then in relief, setting his pale skin aglow, his short black curls shining like spun onyx. Then another step forward, and he was once more obscured by heavy shadow. John looked forward again, just barely able to pick out their path, and that only from years of experience.
it’s for the case,” Sherlock snapped as he jerked up from his kneeling position to inspect a discarded sock. “I would hardly go breaking into someone’s suite otherwise.”
So he bit back his grin as he arranged the glass exactly onto its sweat-ring on the paper coaster, pushing it away from the edge of the bar. He nudged Sherlock gently with his elbow.
“But they have other methods,” Sister Roberts persisted, “ones that don’t have anything to do with ‘belaboring’ the experiences. And maybe you are lucky, maybe you have been blessed enough by Elua and all his Companions, to never need set foot in a professional therapist’s office. Maybe this was it for you. But I need you to know it’s available. I’m saying this as someone who practiced for the better part of a decade before joining the Kusheline priesthood.”
“I am what I am. Surely you see the wisdom in my learning how to yield from the one person absolutely brilliant at requiring submission.” Sherlock fought to keep his posture erect, to only figuratively bend at her feet and bare his neck to this wolf of a woman.
There was no reason for it, and no reason not to. He’d never be able to separate that word entirely from Jim ever again.
Alone in his room Sherlock tossed the packet on his cluttered desk, ready to sit and analyze, just as soon as he’d procured some coffee. But fatigue got the better of him as he turned once more for the door, each blink heavier. Waxing strain from staying up all night--and the waning second or fifth wind--dragged him like a millstone now that he was alone in the stillness of his bedroom.
“Ah, no, that’s not how it’s going to work. I have my attendant here to play house while you serve your vigil--I have a shrine just there on the balcony all prepared for you.” Jim shifted, his hand gliding through the air to gesture directly behind him. A wall of windows revealed a wide balcony, a lavish shrine tucked against an outer-facing wall that would protect John and the votives already burning there.
Sherlock ducked back into his little cubby right as John’s mentor walked out into the open. Fifties, salt-and-pepper hair, Cassiline uniform and London accent.
“I would be willing to provide this service for you,” she said. “But that would likely conflict with… well. There would be personal conflict of interest.”
Amelia swallowed, maintained her silence, but the shimmer of unshed tears and rictus of anger that tightened her mouth spoke volumes.
It was the sort of distant news Sherlock had filed it away at the time, too occupied with his studies or lamenting the stalemate in his own investigation.
“Sherlock, care to tell daddy what he was up to this morning? Has Irene made you learn these things?”
“Sir--Sir!” The man, a dark-skinned lad who couldn’t have been more than twenty-two, smiled and waved him over.
Ringleader sprawled for a second before screaming in rage. He clutched at his temple as he scrabbled to regain his feet again. His free hand disappeared behind his back before reappering--with a gun trained on John.
With that the brush stilled, the next blow never came. Instead, Helen dropped it onto the bed and ran a hand along the trench where muscle ran over spine, fingertips dragging through the sweat on Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock swallowed convulsively, his brain grinding to a halt and refusing to budge. How long--how long had it been? An eternity? Two?
But here in the self-indulgent lap of the city’s most privileged, John couldn’t imagine anything further from that sort of devotion. Not to some scrawny tart who
Jim attached the makeshift bonds to the hook, tugged the chain to pull Sherlock into an awkward position: arms overhead, nothing but the awkward position of one too high to kneel, when Sherlock was too tired to stand. Already his shoulders protested the pull.
John couldn’t say a word to that, instead found himself hungry: he needed to taste more. He pushed forward, kissing Sherlock deeper this time. Sherlock responded in kind, then reluctantly pulled back.
Sebastian Wilkes had been a regular, but never one Cecily would name her favourite. She’d as like press a lover’s token into his palm as she’d ever seek out his company, once her
Sherlock had pulled his knees to his chest, lost in his own head, shivering like a small child. John wasn’t sure if it was the shock of the situation settling into his bones, or the cold. It was likely both.
Then, in the span of one blink, of three, Sherlock’s shoulders twisted. John’s breath caught, and in unspoken agreement they met in the middle.
And here Mrs. Wilkerson only offered him another smile, this one deeper, warmer. “Of course. We all have needs, Brother Watson.”
Sherlock was so startled the orgasm broke free, semen oozing over his fist and onto his stomach. His eyes flew open and he just stared in bewilderment at his ceiling until his breathing regulated.
He prayed: words he’d gone over a thousand times, a murmur in the smallest of voices. He wondered at the path he’d been placed upon, each broken, winding road that had brought him to the temple just now.
Jim plucked an envelope from the table and gestured for John to take it. His gaze went from mild to something a little sharper, then gave him a wink. “I’ll let you keep track of this, for Naamah’s honor.”
music? Or some weird remixes of scary-movie music set to a dance beat? These things exist on Youtube, surely.
Sherlock nodded. Among other functions, it was one of the main reasons Cereus--first and oldest of the Houses--held the annual Midwinter Masque. It was the gala to end all galas, a fete where all the Houses joined together in the revelry and their layman guests were invited by special invitation. It was the one time of year a servant of Naamah might find their own amusements for the night, no assignation involved. The tenuous acquaintances made on Midwinter Night could lead to vital connections, to lasting friendships.
“Look at the flowers. She was a domme, but never affiliated with a House. It’s a common tattoo in the BDSM community outside the Houses. Combined with her callouses and the orientation of her hips? Took a job that suited her nature--prison guard. No, she was
It had taken some puzzling, but it was the one thing on which Sherlock could safely concentrate after the ambulance and the terror of waiting helplessly while John was rushed to surgery.
Sherlock stumbled toward the desk, the vague shape of things beginning to coalesce. His pulse hammered in his throat, hoping he was right.
“No, but thanks. I’ll stick down here by the fire where it’s nice and toasty. You’re more than welcome to sleep on the couch, or you can come share some space down here.” John’s tone was matter-of-fact, perfectly friendly, the same tone that said,
He rose, stiff and muddy, and studied Elua’s stone face as he stretched sore muscles. His shoulder ached from having slept on it in the night, but it didn’t matter. Elua gazed down all the same, his eyes kind and his mouth smiling. Time could not erase what Elua gave so freely.
“The urethra is such a fragile thing--it’s easy to tear, prone to infection, but I will take such good care of you.”
“You, sir, you!” Sherlock almost hated himself for saying it. Hated himself for its being true. It felt like a little betrayal to Lestrade, whom he'd always regard with just a bit of tenderness for being Sherlock's first.
“No,” he tried to say, though the gag only muted him until his protest was nothing more than, “Mmph!” Beneath the blindfold, his eyes went wide and fear brought the sting of tears.
Sherlock’s words hang heavy in the space between them. Despite the cool breeze, the air is too humid to breathe properly.
John stared ahead, drilling a hole into the wall across from him. When he spoke, his voice was brittle, rusty from a long night of disuse. “Ready to leave?”
she’s related to Victor, and she’s recently become financially unstable. This doesn’t make sense--I learned from Wilkerson--”
Kushiel, in his divine and terrible compassion, had been Adonai’s punisher, until Adonai sent his own son, Yeshua ben Yosef, to die as a sacrifice for humanity’s sins. When Yeshua’s blood mixed with the tears of the Magdalene, who wept openly over his body, Blessed Elua rose from where they mingled in the soil, Adonai’s own grandson. Elua declared everyone should “Love as Thou Wilt” and defied Adonai’s admonishments to return to the heavenly kingdom, Kushiel realised his love of those in his mercy was greater than his love of Adonai.
My sincerest hugs and kisses to all you nerds who've been here since the beginning, and many more thank-yous to everyone that's climbed on board this train, determined to ride it all the way to the station. We're almost there.
And still, Helen drew him back from the edge of that precipice until he felt grounded, body and brain in synch once more. Helen finished her ministrations and brushed a sweat-damp curl from Sherlock’s forehead.
Ames shook his head. "None of that. It's different, seeing it on paper versus on your body. Have a look." He gestured toward the mirror again.
Elua and his Companions had found a small following in Britain sometime during the thousand years of war between Britain and France, though their descendants and converts were not officially recognised and granted protection until shortly before the first World War. Since the
In his entire time in the Cassiline brotherhood, from the age of sixteen ‘til now, John Watson had never come so close to insubordination. Considering he was nearly twenty-six, that was certainly an accomplishment.
Sherlock could be strapped to a post, whipped until his skin split. Would he be foolish enough to withhold his
“Elua, Sherlock--” this not-John gasped, before yanking Sherlock down to devour him, consume him with a kiss.
When he stuck out his hand to seal the deal, Ms. Adler’s grip was firm, unyielding. “Call me Irene.”
“Guffawing? Who actually says that word?” John cupped his hands together to send a bigger splash at Sherlock. The water echoed loudly against itself, enough to overpower the noise of the crickets and frogs that still sang into the night. Sherlock ducked beneath the water, and shortly John felt strong, thin fingers grasp his shoulders, push him down under. He barely had time to clasp his nose shut before water engulfed him.
That only made them laugh harder, until Mrs. Hudson was dabbing at her eyes with her handkerchief and even Sherlock had to give up the pretence.
The final maneuver a Cassiline could make, killing both himself and his ward in the face of insurmountable danger.
Sherlock rose and retrieved the hairbrush with his mouth, his wrists still secured to his biceps with the rope. The motion tugged at the harness, the bit that extended from his torso to the knots forming his cock ring, the taut length nestled along the cleft of his arse. He fought not to shift against it, to exploit the distracting way it bound him.
there at the end. Yes, what had happened on la Poveglia had really happened. It paled in comparison to the truth of his own feelings. Neither he nor Sherlock spoke of it, which was probably for the best. It didn’t need--it wasn’t--
5.) The President of France, Daniel L'Envers, gave Sherlock a medal called the Companion's Star, which gives him access to the president at any time, and confers one favour of Sherlock's choosing.
This man Ames knew what Sherlock was, and if Ames was even a fraction as intelligent about anything the way he seemed to be about his art, he would've already put two and two together. If not, well, now certainly wasn't the time for Sherlock to start getting hung up on the ignorance of others.
trouble, but if there was one thing he knew Sherlock liked, it was puzzles. Especially ones where the answer couldn’t be nearly as it seemed.
Before he could say anything else two shots echoed, deafening. Ringleader slumped and hit the pavement dead.
He was so deep in self-flagellation he barely heard the doorbell ring. What did it matter, anyhow? No one ever came to visit him. Why would they?
“Come for me, John,” Sherlock murmured, pausing to lick a stripe along the underside of John’s cock before swallowing him whole again.
Sherlock let his voice rumble, no words needed, as he stepped back and knelt on the bare earth, heedless of his trousers, and lowered himself down. Thorns pricked his skin as he stretched out on his back, each a tiny pinpoint of light, a bright spot that danced behind his eyelids. John knelt between his splayed knees, mindful of the roses, and gently untied Sherlock’s shoes. John slid them off, and Sherlock’s socks. He gave each foot a massaging squeeze, a sweep of the thumb across the arches before he came back up to  undo Sherlock’s trousers.
“John?” Sherlock called, absolutely loath to interrupt what was obviously a pleasant way to pass the morning for his protector. “We’re leaving a bit earlier than expected--”
Hooooo boy this chapter kicked my ass. If any of y'all follow my fandom social media junk, you may have seen the screenshots of me crying at a_cumberbatch_of_cookies over how to make this chapter work correctly, lol. (If you want to see them, my insta is chucksauce221)
Life had been wonderful, if only for a few short months. Better than Frédérique had ever hoped it could be, right until a couple darkened his door: a Mme. Carver and her foster-brother, a slight, dark-haired man who never shared his name.
“What does it matter?” Dominique interjected. “What’s done is done. Americans and Germans alike are beginning to fear their D’Angeline population.”
had finally wound down, its inhabitants content to retreat to the comfort of their rooms. It made it that much easier for John to escape the confinement of his own, those four walls that pressed closer every day.
Sherlock dared glance up just enough to see John’s fists clenching and unclenching at his sides, but they disappeared from view as John’s heels clicked together. Going by the slight crease and release of cloth at John’s hip, he’d just performed one of his haughtiest Cassiline bows.
Downstairs he found John in the kitchen, chatting with a mousy woman who held a teapot in hand. She was plain, on the attractive side of horse-faced with lank brown hair, and going entirely on her casual attire, Sherlock could guess she was the lady of the house.
Therefore, no one claimed Cassiline heritage, but rather his devotees were recruits who joined with their ranks as one might sign up for the military. They spent years training in the arts of defence, for oneself and for their patron. Many were hired on as bodyguards to heads of state, to celebrities of the highest calibre. Their vow--to defend their patron with their life--was the stuff of legend. It was also well-known that Cassiline priests were held to austerity: they abstained from taking a partner, from ever indulging in their more flesh-bound desires.
Then, before he was even halfway through the task she’d set him, Helen Belfours returned home from her morning walk, her boots like a war drum down the corridor of hardwood floors.
Growing irritated, Sherlock tried taking Wilkerson into his mouth--surely with just the right friction, just the right combination of heat and wetness, he’d feel his patron stir.
This was--he’d never experienced anything this powerful. Not with any god, Elua forgive him, and never with another person. Yet here he was, unflinching and calm. How was it possible to feel this way, and be unafraid of it?
Once he was dressed and settled at a nearby table to eat, a discreet knock at the door heralded Sister Roberts’ entry.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, deciding on a white lie parsed with truth. It wouldn’t do for the ‘Yard to distrust Jim, just because he’d suspected Amelia and handed her to Sherlock on a silver platter. But before he could hit send, Sherlock paused, thumb hovering over the reciprocal ‘x’ at the end of his reply. A kiss. Sentimentality. It had won Victor’s freedom and Sally’s trust.
But Sherlock shook his head before following John. He pillowed his head on John’s good shoulder and splayed tentative fingers over John’s heart.
“These belonged to the last Cassiline to be paired with an anguissette, my ancestor on my father’s side.”
Wilkerson’s wife, a plain woman with thin brown hair and darker brown eyes, patted John on the shoulder to catch his attention and introduced herself. He hated the sympathetic look she offered him.
Even the way he handled Sherlock now was distant, nearly robotic. His touch was clinical, his attention divided.
John was content to stand there and wait. He didn’t want to be there, but he wanted to face Sherlock and his fate even less.
So it made sense that despite his being assigned to ward Sherlock, he didn’t have to like it--Sherlock and Irene were the polar opposite of everything John Watson fixed his compass by, dealing in intrigue and Naamah’s service as they did.
the first streaks of grey tinged the London sky, blending with the light pollution so subtly it took looking away and looking back to recognise it.
Dianne de Fhirze seemed to be of a completely different mind. A silver-lacquered nail trailed along the edge of a row of metallic fringe, her expression at once deeply bemused and slightly helpless.
John sighed, squaring his jaw. His lack of argument meant as much in the way of acquiescence as having actually said yes.
Sherlock leans forward, and with uncharacteristic humour, whispers, “You could let the Sheriff of Nottingham plunder Sherwood Forest…”
help, if only minimally. Crawling backwards to escape the door was somewhat less difficult than it had been before.
His thumbs quivered over the buttons, unsure of how to frame a reply. Who the hell was Greg, and what did he mean by this?
Then time snapped back into place: the doorman announced their names, and even Sherlock’s anonymity was denied him beneath that osprey mask. He wouldn’t be a nameless servant of Naamah, but a member of a peer’s household, collared and exposed of his own free will.
The hum of tattoo guns in other rooms almost lulled Sherlock to sleep until the door to his room opened with a soft click. Mr. Ames cleared his throat.
He checked his reflection in the mirror. His skin sallow, eyes bloodshot. He closed them against the burn.
Though she never even attempted penetration, happy to glide along against his arse, each thrust forced Sherlock’s pelvis against the mattress. Lace bit into skin, and the chafe was nearly as delicious as the inability to find the right angle, the right friction to really send him on his way. His arms, shoulders, back protested the strain of his position until he was biting his lower lip hard to distract himself. He teetered there, just at the edge of getting lost in his desire. His hips thrusted up and back to meet her, to offer her more.
Whatever Lestrade saw in that moment was enough to make him lose some of the measured control he’d exerted so far. With a growl, he plunged his free hand into his pants, fishing himself free of that last cotton barrier.
Victor spent the next eternity plying a still-blindfolded Sherlock with water, rubbing down sore muscles with soft, soothing noises and gentle hands that worked massage oil into the tensest of places, until Sherlock was boneless again and writhing with it.
Another short John chapter, but! But! The pace is picking up. There's even a tentative full chapter count! So much moving and shaking is about to come your way.
With that, the rose petals disappeared completely, and half a second later, the sharp tip of one thorn, still attached to the stem, ghosted against the thin skin of Sherlock’s scrotum. Sherlock gasped, his whole body twitching hard.
know how to do our job,” Sally chimed in, the scorn plain in her voice. “You haven’t given us anything we couldn’t have worked out for ourselves quite quickly. Must be nice to be
was close enough, just a few blocks away, that Sherlock and John ran. Feet pounded pavement, the only thought in his head as they dodged shoppers were two little words:
John shifted again, and Sherlock felt the soft scratch of John’s early stubble between his shoulderblades, right at the point of the arrow on his
He may not have been overwhelmed, the way he was before visiting Kushiel’s temple, but her absence would always hurt terribly.
Despite the warmth of spring in the daytime, before dawn the air held the chill of a winter it couldn’t quite shake off. Sherlock shrugged, burying deeper into his Belstaff. The sangoire lining within the upturned collar caught on the hint of stubble forming on his jaw. His eyes burned, and he was tired enough he could feel his brain grinding to a halt until he’d had some sleep and something to eat.
He would never have met a problem like Sherlock Holmes. But he never would’ve faced an eternity of torment for that, either.
“Wishful thinking,” Jim growled, the nerve obviously struck. “So be it. I’ll come back for you, just as soon as I’ve toppled two empires. We’ll see what you think
Without another word she circled him again, pushed him forward so hard he teetered on his precarious heels. “Bed, now.”
Now Dianne looked thoroughly shaken, but she recovered quickly and lay a light hand on his bicep. She squeezed it once, her gaze never wavering as she made eye contact and held it. “I swear to you,
Whatever Sherlock had expected, it didn’t look like that admission was it. He didn’t meet John’s eye, but a quiet surprise lifted his eyebrows a hair’s breadth. His head ducked, a single aborted nod, as he absorbed the information.
Sherlock watched as he brushed the Appaloosa, as John smiled until his body held a loose grace, none of its familiar coiled tension. He’d stripped his customary Cassiline uniform--the dove-grey suit jacket and darker button-down hung folded over a stall door out of harm’s way--left only in a thin white t-shirt and his trousers. The t-shirt shifted and clung to John’s shoulders, the curve of his back as it dipped inward before being tucked in just above the hips.
Lestrade jerked his head toward the body in the centre of all those lights. “Just take a look. I think it may be.”
Still, if it came to it, Elua might understand if John abandoned his vigil, strong-arming his way past the attendant, in order to at least follow them to the party. Moriarty had him hoisted by his bollocks, all on the twine of John’s own service to Cassiel.
John didn’t bother hiding his surprise--raised eyebrows, a pleased baring of teeth. “That--that was amazing.”
Sherlock’s couldn't help the low moan that escaped. Once Victor’s cock sprang free, Sherlock gladly set to the
“Silenzioso!” Luca barked, and a fraction of a second later, static from a walkie-talkie  crackled. His voice was hard as he said,
John jerked up to frisk Sherlock, desperate to prove his ward was unharmed. Sherlock rolled his eyes and pushed him off. John fell back, the relief so strong it nearly buckled his knees.
Molly sits gingerly on the end of the bed. The dark smudges of kohl under her eyes have already started to spread. She looks less like a wily vampire seductress and more like an adorably rumpled goth raccoon.
They ran as fast as they dared--thankfully there was little debris, and the ground was bricked, but tree roots gnarled the path. Felippa and John both unleashed their torches, whose beams sliced through the dark, spasmodically bouncing off the earthen walls. In a few spots they splashed blindly into puddles of freezing ground water, so that every step was a torturous pound of painfully frigid extremities. Eventually they could make out light up ahead; the outlined cracks of another set of doors that led up above.
“We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do, John. I have no expectations, no agenda.” The raw sincerity on Sherlock’s face was something John hadn’t seen since the night he’d heard Sherlock play the lullabye.
They strolled along in strained silence for some way, Sherlock letting the heartbeat of London pulse around him. Which would he succeed in first--making John smile, or making him punch Sherlock in the teeth? All it would take for the later would be to find the weak spots in his armour and dig in. Getting him to smile felt like a nearly insurmountable challenge--which was just the sort of thing Sherlock went in for.
Her expression shuttered for a moment, but Sherlock spoke again, guessing why. “It’s just--I’ve always wanted someone who is
Finally John responds sotto voce, unable to give voice to everything in his middle. “I know I don’t deserve you, Sherlock--”
Sherlock should refuse on principle--his brother wouldn’t expect that. To hell with his disapproval--hadn’t Sherlock’s entire life been an endeavor to do things the opposite of the way Mycroft would have wanted?
--there’s a fire in his gut that burns with the will to be alive, to persist and feel and just let it all flow through him. He is John Watson, after all, and he has known a great many kinds of hardship in his life. The small, frail voice that begs for him to simply continue had grown stronger with each pull at the flask, and though his fingers fumbled somewhat with his buttons and his shoes and his flies, he’d continued, until now. He treads the water lazily,  naked in a little pond just outside a suburb in Aldershot.
Sherlock turned to John. “If you’d give us a few moments? As much as I’d love it, I’m certain you’re not allowed to stab my brother at my request.”
And what, if nothing else, was Sherlock blessed with other than acute observation, brilliant recall, and a near-religious love for the scientific method?
He felt the rope properly, then, as Victor secured one hand, and then the other, to the nearest legs of the desk. Then his ankles, with the remaining desk legs. Involuntarily Sherlock gasped and flexed--he was, indeed, over a barrel.
Lestrade leaned in, eyes locked on Sherlock’s, and drew in a deep nasal breath, scenting him like a bloodhound.
Sherlock nodded, unable to keep his brows from creasing. So that was why Irene had sent him? For information that pertained to ‘Chamberlain’--Amelia’s husband Dominique? Or a completely unrelated person with the same surname (highly unlikely)? He tucked it away for later examination, just as a soft chime sounded from Wilkerson’s mobile on the nightstand.
Amelia’s eyes shone bright, righteous vengeance like a banner pinned to her heart. “It doesn’t matter.”
“The way you fought, the way you prayed, the way you did every last thing, John. You carried so much conviction it filled you right up. When you fought, I could almost imagine Cassiel being less fierce.”
Sherlock’s patrons for the evening were the de Fhirze twins, Apollinaire and Dianne, the co-owners of the multinational investment firm. From what Irene knew, they were very much the type to mix business with pleasure for their more treasured clients. Sherlock, it transpired, was the entertainment.
The big one, a barrel-chested kid taller than John, nearly wrenches away, but John snags the back of his shirt and wrestles him into a headlock. The small one starts grappling with John’s arm to free his ear.
"No," Sherlock croaked, but he swayed on the chain, nothing but the sum of his pain, his fear, his budding desire even as Jim laid his monstrous nature bare.
All during this, Victor’s erection never flagged, nor did he seem intent to do anything about it, focused solely on attending to his guest. Sherlock distantly hoped he would be able to satisfy, though the rough treatment juxtaposed with this thoroughly attentive after-care left him utterly confused as to how that final satisfaction would occur.
“They were wronged,” Amelia snarled, her voice angry and desperate around the edges. “I gave them a way out and a way forward. But I wouldn’t expect you to understand that, you masochistic freak.”
“Why’s that?” John asked from where he leaned against the closed door, arms crossed over his chest. The edges of his vambraces glinted in the lamplight.
If the Cassiline Brotherhood didn’t excommunicate John outright, they would certainly take him off Sherlock’s case. Just what John had wanted, the first night Sherlock laid eyes on him.
At each spot, Sherlock would shake his head, torn between the relief of his freedom and the ever-urgent need to address his still-straining cock, slick as it was with precome from everything Helen had done to him thus far.
1.) Hey look, y'all! We have a chapter count! Well, I'm pretty sure that's the final chapter count. But hey!
Sherlock rose quickly to answer his, upsetting the box from where it still halfway sat on his knee and knocking it into the floor. The heavy diamond clattered on the hardwood and rolled a few feet away.
for a guard?” He spun around quickly, taking in their surroundings. “John, we don’t have time for this. Just--shut up long enough for us to get this thing accomplished, and you’ll have the next week off-duty. I won’t even
Sherlock was led back to his room, stripped and given a simple sponge, towel, and bucket to clean himself with. Fresh scrubs were laid out on his bed, and the guard looked as nonplussed as Luca looked apologetic.
hungry, but still. He didn’t want to be here, surrounded by serene smiles or the stern, judgemental glares of Cassiline guardsmen. He just wanted solitude.
"Just fine." John's words were clipped short, bitten off before he had a chance to say anything more scathing.
celibacy. The way the cuts are oriented, any one of them would cause minimal damage as long as they were kept incredibly shallow.”
As Sherlock turned back to the entrance, he pulled an identity around him like a cloak. He let himself become exactly what he wanted the concierge to see: an average servant of Naamah, concerned only with indulgences. It would take equal parts flattery and flirtation, sweetness and seduction.
I should have the next chapter up in the next day or so--I already have 2/3 of it drafted, so look for that, hopefully by Wednesday.
grandson. He spoke of his visions to save her life, and she traveled to the ends of the earth to free him from an angry old sea god. Whenever she had the chance, she defended the Romani people, and some vowed to always speak her name at the crossroads. That’s the legend, anyway. I can’t say I’ve ever believed any of it, but it’s a story that’s stayed in my family for longer than I care to ask about.”
Sebastian Wilkes was a rich man born with a rich man’s understanding of the world, frightening as that was a prospect: everything was his for the taking, if only he were persistent enough, found the right price.
What happened after--Sherlock lost track of everything. Time was nothing but the interval between orgasm and
“I enjoy the business of quite a few servants of Naamah, Sherlock. To all of whom I have legally sworn confidentiality. Give me one good reason to break that.” Ames’s words were sharp, now, barbed with something dangerous Sherlock never thought could be in Ames’s mien. The look on his face was thunderous.
He’d only just started loading the dinner plates onto the worktop by the sink when the back stairs gave way to a telltale creak. Jim had entered, and the way his lips twitched in a smile looked more like a python’s satisfied countenance as it circled its prey.
“It’s always something,” Sherlock muttered as he studied John like he’d never properly seen him before.
“You should consider your options--you’re close to it. Will you still serve as Irene’s eyes and ears, or have you had enough of her little spy games? Maybe you’ll go into your detective work.” Jim’s words held a taunt, the hint of condescension one uses on a child. “It took you long enough to figure Amelia out. Was it your soft spot for Victor?”
Sherlock could feel John’s eyes on him, and when he allowed himself to break away from the screen, he nodded slowly. In the space of the next heartbeat, he took in Kate’s indrawn breath, Irene’s pained exhalation, and the way John stiffened, eyes wide at the revelation.
Sherlock turned a smile on her, cruel and cold. “Absolutely none of your concern, Detective Sergeant. Run along while I talk some sense into your superior--”
Irene cut into his thoughts, though, clasping Sherlock gently on the shoulder. Her smile was mischievous, similar to the one she used at dinner parties to make it appear she'd had too much wine. “That reminds me--Sherlock, later you’ll simply have to thank Mike--he helped me find the perfect birthday present for you.”
“Funny thing about murder investigations. Contractors receive nearly the same punishment as the assassin. In your case, it would be worse. You did know that, didn’t you? Or did you care, all too happy to throw those servants under the bus?”
ON HIS WAY home he walks past a small chapel, an ancient heap of stone and coloured glass leaning away from the street, banked in the shadow of a massive evergreen. There is a cross on the heavy wooden door.
As ever, John is silent. He pushes away the unimaginable, the call of the sea, the memory of frail fingers or of soft wife or of a hard-won smile crooked in the corner of a mouth unaccustomed.
Water all around, and yet John’s mouth goes dry as he nods in affirmation and extends his hand. When Sherlock glides forward to take it, John is reminded oddly of the peculiar dance between two stars before collision: eons pass as they come in closer, circling round one another, and each time they strike before the final impact it is merely in glancing blows that only set their course more surely, guaranteeing that final conflation. And so it is with John and Sherlock, entering those final moments before their lips meet, finally and for the first time in the epochs they’ve circled round another.
Then a morsel edged its way between his parted lips, and when he bit down, his tastebuds sang under shadowy, creamy dark chocolate, the brilliant dazzle of fresh strawberry. It tasted better than manna, better than ambrosia. And so they fed him, sips of water between different foods--soft, hot, greasy rotisserie chicken, firm sharp cheeses, the crisp brightness of apples and cherries, until Sherlock sagged with a different sort of lassitude.
Sherlock stared transfixed as John rose, kneeling above him. It was easy to see the way John drank in the sight of him, eyes tracing the edges and outlines of Sherlock’s body.
For all that some distant part of Sherlock’s brain recognised this as part of their little script, it didn’t stop the words from affecting him just the same. Her pleasure, her praise, was as sweet as the punishment had been, and Sherlock basked in it.
When Sherlock called John in, John found him sitting on the bed, hair still damp from his shower. His pyjamas were the familiar loose, soft ones John recognised from countless mornings in Maison Adler. It stirred something bittersweet in John’s chest.
The other he left beside Sherlock’s sleeping form, there at the breakfast nook, nestled between the oddly-scented vials that surrounded him.
The fire was a far more potent soporific than Sherlock would have guessed. Within minutes his muscles began to unfurl, to melt into the warmth and the softness of the quilts he lay between. His eyes grew heavy.
social event of the year on the D’Angeline calendar: traditionally, it marked the new year and was a brilliant night of masqueraded revelry for D’Angelines. Among the Houses, it meant a night where Servants of Naamah were free to choose their partners without the intricacies of House politics or involvement. For the elite it was a night for networking, solidifying ties in the upcoming year. As a member of both circles, if Sherlock couldn’t spend it in the company of the one patron whose attention Sherlock sought above all others, he was minded to simply forego the whole affair.
Lorenzo and Felippa did the same, shedding their coats to give to Cecily and Frédérique, before Lorenzo nodded toward the back, toward a tiny sacristy, the once-ornate door hanging crooked and desolate on rusted hinges in a rotting doorframe.
party for your birthday. We’ll have the party with or without you, but it just wouldn’t be the same without the guest of honour.”
“The tricky thing about sounding is the risk for infection. So much preparation is needed to keep you safe. But I’m going to take care of you. I will keep you safe. This may sting--”
Sherlock was only mildly disappointed to find he wasn’t ensconced in some dimly lit sex dungeon, but the night was still young.
Sherlock’s contract included him spending the night, and he woke the next morning still in Victor’s overlarge bed, buttery morning light pooling across the duvet tangled between his legs. Then he realised he was alone.
Before he could bolt, though, John pulled one hand from beneath his own head and laid it lightly on Sherlock’s knee, the one thrown over John’s thighs.
Lestrade hissed, drawing back as his hands tightened reflexively in Sherlock’s hair, yanking the younger man’s head back. He slid from Sherlock’s mouth with a wet pop.
Brother Vincent laid his hands on his desk, his face nothing but sympathy--which, in this case, counted for little. “This servant is god-marked, Watson. None of us have seen the mark of Kushiel’s dart in some six hundred years.”
“What if I performed fellatio on you like this, Sherlock? Would you like that?” Wilkerson waited a beat, but not long enough for a reply. “I could do anything I wanted to you. I could make you forget your signale entirely.”
Sherlock’s skin flushed, his vision ran red. Kushiel’s bronze drums thundered in the distance. It took another minute before his mobile drew him from his reverie.
Something obstinate gelled behind Sherlock’s breastbone. “I haven’t gotten a chance to analyse the data--”
Silence fell between them, coasting on the whoosh of passing cars, of voices in the night. For once it wasn’t strained, merely companionable.
His mother shook her head. “I’m not sure. But I think we should head to London and visit the temple of Kushiel.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure what his own face was doing at this point, other than twist in bewilderment. “I--what?”
And so it began: Victor teased his prostate mercilessly, until precome dribbled from Sherlock’s leaking cock at an embarrassing rate, each press a fresh shockwave that built and burst, each orgasm producing less and less, leaving him ever more sensitised and muscle-sore, until he was a sobbing, incoherent mass of nerves and euphoria. Until he had nothing left to give.
John cleared his throat, forced himself to lift his gaze, to submit to inspection. “She spoke with me.”
His eyes drifted shut, fantasies he’d conjured up before only stoked with this new reference data, and a familiar stir built in his groin. But before he indulged himself, he flipped the picture over, glanced at the back. In pen, in John’s neat scrawl, was written simply, “Your move, Sherlock.”
“Thank you, sir.” Just like that, his throat was too tight again, constricting painfully around his words.
With a flutter of panic John was sure he’d overstepped, that it was the most monumentally wrong thing to say. It wasn’t on to mention eavesdropping while his partner had sex with someone else. How could he be so stupid?
THE DISTANT ROAR of the sea wakes him, same as every morning. His first week here, he considered diving in, swimming down. The freezing onslaught as waves crash over him, his thick clothing dragging him, the burn of brine in nose and throat and eyes. Nothing but the gurgling press of water in the ears, muffling everything, harder and quieter as he kicks, diving deeper.
.” He circled once around John, taking in his measure. “You wear your heart on your sleeve, and it’s not for Cassiel, is it? You can tell yourself that all you like, but it’s not Cassiel that keeps you up at night, that makes it
“It seems your wishful thinking has paid off,” Irene commented when Sherlock and John arrived back to
Sherlock stood frozen, unable to function again until the front door opened and closed below, the scent of Jim’s aftershave still lingering in the air.
“Mum thinks I’m magically god-touched because of a completely unimportant genetic trait,” Sherlock blurted out. “She wants you to tell her I’m special. Which is pointless, because we both already know how painfully unique I am.” The last bit was directed bitterly at his mother, while he clenched his hands at his sides, willing the bite of nails in his palms to override the fear. What on earth did he have to be afraid of?
His skull--well. He’d tried to split it open, and it felt exactly like that. Pain blocked out everything save the drum-pound of his pulse, the roaring roil of nausea.
Nausea roiled in John’s middle. All he could think was that if he ever failed in his duty, this could easily be his ward. That body could be Sherlock.
, for Elua’s sake. How far he’d been stoked, just remembering the sound of Sherlock’s voice on assignations, when he was pushed so close to his limits.
“What did you do to her?” Dominique bellowed. He lunged for Sherlock, only to be tackled to the ground by the PCs that had already attempted to allay him. “My
I know your notifications probably went apeshit today, but this is the only new chapter I've uploaded today--the rest have been slid over from
It reminded Sherlock of the John he first met, the night of his debut and the months following, but where
“But a few years later he got loose, set off for the road. An oncoming car crushed his hips, and I had to put down the only friend I’d ever made besides Mycroft.”
based on an otome (a dating-sim game) called Mystic Messenger that's recently ruined my life. If you're not familiar with it, go check it out on whatever app store you use. It's free and it's just... fucking brilliant.
I have had *so* much fun researching Venice, and especially Poveglia... I hope that translated, even in spots where I had to take a bit of artistic license.
And still, the faint scent of apples, the sound of his voice--those gave Sherlock strength. John, who had dedicated his life to service through protection; John, who had accepted his fate as the guard to a modern-day courtesan, who still found it in him to find joy and peace--
“So you admit to the questionable murders of the guards on La Poveglia, allowing your ward to murder a former Cassiline adept, and trading damning emails of your inappropriate relationship with your ward?”
On their way to Moriarty’s flat, John could only replay his exchange with Moriarty and the one he’d overheard in the kitchen.
Their wait wasn’t long, however. Within ten minutes a heavily inked man came out in neatly pressed trousers and rolled shirtsleeves (of some awful paisley nightmare) that showed off the marks of his trade. His five-day beard was neat, dark hair stylishly cut and gelled into place. He had broad shoulders and a nice smile that displayed affably crooked teeth. The solicitous wink was a bit much, though.
As day wore to its end, night stole in sharp and bitter, clear as glass. Sherlock stood before the full length mirror of his small room in the finished attic above Irene’s townhouse, inspecting himself: Irene had encouraged him to grow out his black curls a bit shaggy, and her requirement to cross-train his intellectual pursuits as well as his physical had broadened his shoulders and chest, given him gently sculpted arms and abs, powerful thighs that were as useful in landing a kick as wrapping around the waist of a patron.
Sherlock did as he was told. His reflection in the free-standing mirror in the corner caught his eye, and he gave himself an appraising stare as he slipped free from his carefully-tailored suit. Pale skin, his body on the lean side of athletic, the curves and angles of him soft-sculpted. Not a single mark on his skin. There were certain Houses whose canons were so specific, they even called for a certain number of freckles, but this was not so for him. The only canon he followed was Kushiel’s, and it was this blessing in the blood--or a curse, Emile had called it--that Jim Moriarty wanted him for. He had never been more thankful for the mark in his iris, to have been named an
The muted warmth of Victor standing near was so nice, though. It was so rare that Sherlock felt connected to anyone like that, like they were familiar and comfortable, outside an assignation. Sherlock hated himself just a little more for it, but did not move away.
He was not prepared, however, for John to give him a polite nod before rounding the staircase to head up to his own room.
And now, now that Mary is d--gone, where does that leave them? Tiptoeing around the spectre of unfinished business, out of respect for the departed?
The driver put the car into park and came round to open Sherlock’s door. John climbed out and fell into stiff parade rest at Sherlock’s side and slightly behind, his proximity and dour disapproval entirely distracting.
“What if I fucked you with that little plug the way I want you to fuck me, Sherlock?” The breathless expletive, after the detached way Wilkerson had said everything else, went straight to Sherlock’s groin. “Would you like that? Nice and slow, until every muscle in your body is straining?”
Sherlock could hardly make his voice work. When he spoke it came out as a hoarse whisper. “No, Daddy. I’m not.”
“Some men have such an overblown sense of honour,” Jim said as he poured. Clear liquid so thick it looked the consistency of maple syrup ran from the bottle into the two little glasses. “It must be difficult for those who aren’t Naamah’s service to understand her call. And you’ve got a live-in one. Is he a little bit in love with you, do you think?”
In Carey’s books, Romani/Tsingano people are a major presence, both as a people oppressed and underrated as well as a strong alliance to the main character, Phèdre (occasionally they perform as Phèdre's "homeless network," actually!). They are portrayed in a very positive light. Two Tsingano characters possess what they refer to as the
“Hey,” he said, and could hear his own bashfulness; Elua it was embarrassing. Heat prickled at the tops of his ears. His heart beat harder than he thought possible.
“What’s the matter?” John asked, and when Sherlock met his eye, he was sure there was no hiding the fear banked in his heart. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock followed on wobbling knees as they moved down the hall. The rest of the decrepit asylum was much worse for wear than his own cell, and he couldn’t help but wonder at that. Had Jim ordered his to be less severe, or had it simply been the luck of the draw? Chipped paint and the stink of sea air and mildew permeated the air beneath the weak stench of bleach. Someone had tried valiantly and failed to reclaim this hellhole. Light mid-afternoon sunlight streamed in through the windows, weak even here in the Mediterranean, thanks to the oppressive January cold. A draft wafted down the corridor against them. Sherlock shivered beneath his thin, stained scrubs.
Upstairs, Lestrade greeted him with a smile more terse than he usually had for Sherlock. In another second, Sherlock saw why--the body of a young woman sprawled in the centre of the room, limbs all at wrong angles.
Sherlock rose from his spot on the sofa, undaunted. He closed the textbook, tucked it under his arm. “Lorraine Carver. Tell me.”
“Are you Mr. Holmes?” the young man asked. When Sherlock assented, the courier had him sign off, and handed him a smallish box.
“What brings you here tonight, Brother Cassiline?” the acolyte asked, a woman maybe ten years older than him, with kind eyes and the sort of serene smile he’d always envied in Elua’s priests and priestesses.
“Is this how you talk to all the servants of Naamah?” John asked, laughing as he placed his coffee mug on the low table and dropped beside Sherlock on the sofa. “I’m amazed you don’t get
A tangle of emotion wrote itself on Sherlock’s face, and for the longest time he said nothing. John wasn’t sure what to make of it, but he let it be when Sherlock rested his head once more on John’s shoulder.
“A third of the length, but only a quarter of the overall design. But I do hope so,” was Irene’s reply. Her tone made her meaning plain:
." He sounded each vowel, each fricative and plosive with enunciation that he hoped jabbed barbs straight into John's skin.
This was better than anything he could’ve hoped for on his first assignation, short of that sex dungeon.
During the lull in the conversation that followed, Sherlock caught a movement in the corner of his eye. John slipped through the sitting room, headed from the kitchen toward the stair. Rather than his usual seething rictus, the twist to his mouth held something akin to anguish, desperation. What could bother the staunch Cassiline that badly?
The set of John’s face each time Sherlock had purposefully goaded him; the way his eyes widened, unguarded and vulnerable, the night Sherlock caught him listening to the violin.
“He has many options, the same as he always did: he may choose to enter the priesthood in whatever temple he chooses, he might elect to become a servant of Naamah or follow any other career path he desires. Or he can ignore it, carry on as he has been, and learn to live with this new information. The choice is always his.”
Curiosity pecked at Sherlock’s brain, suspicion sneaking in behind to fill in the cracks, but he heard the sounds of Victor ringing off. Then the click of the door unlocking. Sherlock quickly shut his eyes, forcing his body into stillness, feigning sleep.
DS Lestrade’s flat was small, shabby. Late-night street lamps pried their light between the cracks in the heavy curtains of the front room, and the air smelled faintly of whatever takeout he’d left half-eaten on the stove. Sherlock scrubbed sweaty palms on the thighs of his jeans, still sticky and hot from the bar he’d just been lurking in.
In a second email his mother opened, Mycroft laid out what his research had uncovered on that word. It traced its roots back to an apocryphal verse kept these days only by Kusheline priests:
"Come to see me off?" he called as she entered, hands behind her back. Sherlock could see the edges of the nondescript white parcel she held.
Sherlock breathed deep, let his bones settle, let his muscles slack where he could manage. He felt John shift behind him, likely grabbing something from his coat. Lubricant, maybe?
He pushed the thought away; it was no good wishing to be what he wasn’t. He merely had to struggle onward through what promised to be a terse, awkward dinner.
Sherlock found the intended instrument in the far corner of the dining room and set to warming up the instrument, to scanning through the musical selections left on the nearby stand, as Jim and Amelia took their seats.
John pursed his lips and worked his jaw in thought. There was nothing to do but wait, an interminable sentence. Whatever John had done in a past life to deserve this--if he were to believe in that sort of thing-- he didn’t know.
For once, Sherlock was at a loss for words, and when he looked up to Mr. Ames to nod dumbly, he was sure the truth of all that weighed heavy in his gaze. Whether or not Mr. Ames read it there or not was inconsequential.
It became his mantra in those three minutes while his tea steeped. But then his tea was ready and John gave up on his thoughts to relax into that first sip, the only time he allowed himself to think of home or the many mugs of tea after his morning training in the temple. Things like tea weren’t guarded then as precious stolen moments of reprieve in a foreign land, and the ache it brought was bittersweet.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but before he could form words, his eyes widened, his mouth a perfect
“Even before he contracted you, I knew he’d been dallying at the Houses far too frequently for someone whose assets were seized when he was investigated years ago. When the officials released them, he burned through it all fairly quickly. He’s always had a weakness for Naamah’s gifts.”
Sherlock’s mouth gaped at that. It was one thing to assume he might like to talk to some therapist, just because of a nasty situation he’d begun to put behind him, but another thing entirely to suggest doing it because of him being an
Victor inclined his head ever-so-slightly, eyebrows slightly raised, expression confused and hopeful. His eyes flickered up and down Sherlock, properly taking him in. “Man of many talents. Thank you, if you were one of the ones to help me so far. What can I do to retain your services?”
After several minutes of these testing little pushes, Wilkerson whispered, “It’s already an inch inside you, Sherlock.
That miniscule tell--Sherlock clung to it. Jim could say what he wanted, but he believed it. He could
John shifted and lay flat on his back, hands behind his head. The heat from the fire radiated, warming Sherlock’s icy feet, casting its warm flickering glow on John’s skin, transforming him into a creature of sun and gold.
Sherlock lifted his gaze just enough to offer the ghost of a smile; Jim, in his infinite cruelty, merely tightened the slack on Sherlock’s leash, drawing him upright on his knees so he had no choice but to face his patrons, former and current. Jim leaned down, his lips brushing Sherlock’s ear.
Face burning, praying anew to Anael and Cassiel alike that he hadn’t been overheard, John answered the door. Sherlock, still suited and now wearing an inscrutable expression, stood on the other side.
“Less clothes,” John muttered, his lower lip still caught between Sherlock’s teeth. “Please, Sherlock. Less clothes.”
A soft breeze whispered across Sherlock’s skin, and he watched as it tightened John’s nipples and ruffled John’s hair, which he’d let grow a bit shaggy since his departure from the Brotherhood. Sherlock ignored the urge to reach up, to lick his way up to one nipple, in favour of lifting his hips for John to divest him of the remainder of his clothes. Sherlock revelled at the warmth of the sun on his skin, the bite of the roses. Now fully erect, his cock bobbed of its own will, and that too was a unique sensation out in the open air. John stood then, and stripped himself quickly. He’d picked up some little measure of Sherlock’s technique, always a quick study, but this he did gracelessly in his enthusiasm, and Sherlock loved him just a little more for it. That was his favourite thing about making love with John: it had nothing, really nothing, to do with the arts and skills he’d learned, and everything to do with baring himself, no pretense, no exchange other than pleasure for its own sake.
Speaking of godawful, what was going on with Sherlock? He hadn’t so much as said hi before disappearing. It suits John just fine. They didn’t have to be up each others arses all the time--that was important in a relationship, right? Being able to function separately? It made a relationship healthy, made it last longer.
With that Sherlock felt the cool press of a water-glass against his mouth. He lifted his head enough to drink, guzzling like a man in the desert. The glass pulled away from his lips.
“I thought maybe you’d both drowned!” Mrs. Hudson teased them as they trudged back into the mudroom.
They compiled her testimony, what little evidence remained, and had left her stranded at the hospital.
Sherlock moved before he could think twice. He pitched forward and slammed himself back against the cement wall with all his might: the shock of his head cracking against the unforgiving concrete sounded like a gun. The stricken goddess’s roaring waves and screaming wind howled in his brain, his vision swam red. He didn’t even register pain as he fell nerveless to the ground, only the look of sincere panic on Jim’s face as he rushed forward.
“You’re curious, aren’t you?” Sherlock’s tone slid into something sultry and coy.  “You are. What could be so good your boss would be willing to risk his
“I can’t say the feeling is mutual,” Sherlock groaned. “Especially with this completely unprofessional harassment.” Even still, Sherlock was surprised to find his words weren’t nearly as barbed as he’d assumed they’d be. Perhaps it was the prospect of his
He thrust up into the ring of his fingers, thumb darting to swirl leaking precome across his glans, foreskin sliding along his shaft with each push.
Sherlock willed himself to smile, to pretend like it wasn’t a question he’d heard all his life. Usually right before something unpleasant happened. “I was born with it. As I was saying--”
John’s voice broke his concentration. “Was she in the wrong place at the wrong time, or was this a message to the Ambassador?” Only a trace of his earlier anger remained, replaced by genuine curiosity.
Sherlock lifted himself, leaned back against the headboard. The wood pressed cool against his back. The question amused him. When he’d accepted their assignation, it was in no small part due to his own curiosity, though he knew the timing of it was coincident: it was likely these two had been the patrons Mycroft had mentioned sending his way. As such, he let himself answer honestly.
Sherlock was too flustered to even try to lie, so he squeezed his eyes shut beneath the blindfold, preparing for whatever may come. “No, sir. I’m--this is my first since I’ve sworn to Naamah but--”
He fought not to groan at his stupidity when it came to the Cassiline; he’d just made the ride home very awkward, yet again.
John relaxed into his customary parade rest, then, barely comforted to be granted a reprieve from Sherlock’s and Sally’s ridiculous fighting. It wasn't necessarily that he disagreed with her most of the time--he hated the way they baited one another. It was a childish waste of time.
It was some mercy that Jim allowed Sherlock the comfort of his Belstaff as they exited Jim’s penthouse, though he didn’t offer to give Sherlock’s shoes back. As Jim led him toward the door, Sherlock glanced round quickly, praying not to be seen by John. Mercifully, John’s back faced the large window; he was already poised in meditation, musing on Elua’s mysteries for the Longest Night. If Sherlock’s gaze lingered on the Cassiline’s grey shoulders as he slipped through the penthouse doors, he told himself it was out of pity, the idea of sitting stone-still outside on the darkest, coldest night of the year, in nothing more than a Cassiline suit.
Neither did straddling him, or teasing strokes along his legs and thighs, or even his still-flaccid cock.
long? John took his time, and was more than thrilled to find that Sherlock gave as good as he got, that clever tongue working working its way into John’s mouth before retreating, inviting John into his mouth to suck and nip until John couldn’t stand it any longer.
He tried his best to get exactly what he wanted, since she would not freely give him a future with her at his side. He took far, far more in return. He violated Naamah’s blessing, and then he’d stolen the coin of her beauty. He’d carved it from her as ruthlessly as he wished.
, and one Sherlock loved to employ with John. Just as desired, John shuddered at the contact, his own fingers fumbling somewhat as he worked at the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt. Soon enough they were shirtless, and John leaned in to drop kisses in a scatter pattern on Sherlock’s shoulder and chest, to nip at the delicate skin of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock’s heart thundered in his ears--nothing supernatural, just the rise of his body as Naamah’s desire descended on them both.
And how would John take that? He’d insisted that he accepted Sherlock’s service, that he’d be okay with that, but it would be something else entirely to accompany Sherlock now, to wait and
. Beside them, John was busy with his own guard, who traded out his AR for a handgun. How the guard’s shots missed them, Sherlock would never know.
Of all the things John had ever guessed for his life, being held in place beneath Sherlock Holmes, bodies working together to chase a high John had never willingly sought before, was never one of them. But here he was, and it was right. With his free hand he gripped at Sherlock’s sweat-slick shoulder, slid up to grasp the back of Sherlock’s neck.
“Exactly,” Liliane replied. “And as long as you live, you will find yourself at crossroads. We all do, but the stakes may be much higher for you.”
“What about you? Don’t you hate all your patrons, just a little?” And now Jim’s tone was so stunningly neutral it served as a seductive warning all its own.
Sherlock stifled a cry, knuckle between teeth, just imagining the way Jim might look, nude save for the dark glimmer in his eyes as he wielded a flogger. Even in his mind his vision was painted in red and shadow. Sherlock stroked faster, nearly on the edge of orgasm.
“Si dispone di un quarto d'ora,” the guard grunted, and then the door boomed shut behind, locking Sherlock in once more.
--caught his hips, whispered cooing encouragements. The lock on the stocks clicked open, and the top panel lifted.
, the odd scent of apples he’d come to associate with John as he begged for Jim to take him from the suspension chain, to pull him to the bed and give him what he’d wanted more than anything else for the last year and a half.
They spilled out of the opposite end of the alley onto a bustling road across from a theatre. Smith was less than a block away.
John’s head jerks up, his eyes widening as he takes in the trio standing just in the street. “Where the hell have
Amelia’s fingers tightened around the glass bottle poised at her lips. Sherlock saw her weighing her options.
A squat, far-side of middle-aged woman named Connie** shuffled over to their table and offered them a weathered but bright smile. “What can I get y’all tonight?”
He clutched at Sherlock’s hips, drawing him minutely closer. “So what do you think of my acting skills now, hm?” He thrust, just barely, against Sherlock. Pulled that full, pink bottom lip between his teeth. Loosed a small growl from the back of his throat. “Been perfecting the act, all this time.”
“You’re a rare creature, Sherlock Holmes,” she said. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you take this much care in your appearance, not even for your
Sherlock was twenty-five when he saw, finally, the power he wielded in yielding, in embracing Kushiel’s Dart and Naamah’s gifts.
found the selfless love Brother Vincent had always taught him about. He’d carried that for Sherlock all along. A thing, once seen, that couldn’t be un-seen.
Still, it did nothing to prepare John for what they found at this scene: the fluorescent light from the flood-lamps washed the shirtless corpse white and chalky. The lacerations and patchwork stab wounds were nothing to the missing chunks of the victim’s face. A message had been slashed into his chest: VIOLATOR.
Sherlock kneeled at the base of the massive statue, forehead pressed to Elua's feet. His hands and feet were bound in bronze manacles, heavy with Kushiel's chains. The curse of Naamah's grace hung heavy in the air around them. It infected John until it boiled his blood and set his skin afire. Prayers to Cassiel for relief went unheard.
Sherlock nodded. "I hypothesised months ago that you'd applied for reassignment and been turned down."
An icy stone lodged itself into Sherlock’s chest as he recalled the night he’d stumbled upon John’s prayers, months ago.
“The book was your mother’s,” Sherlock continued, and then another thought occurred to him. He remembered what Ames had told him of the injuries that ruined Noualt’s chances at a
would apparently be blind-sided by anyone who had the opportunity to dominate him. Was he that common, that easily swayed?
John stepped forward, crouching beside Sherlock to inspect the late Miss D’Arbos. “But if someone coerced her, why aren’t there any signs of struggle? Surely they didn’t just sweet-talk her into killing herself?”
He remembered the way Sally had smiled at him before he left. Something had eased in her, a self-surety he’d never seen in her even at her most demanding.
More than once, Sherlock found himself face-down in his cot, cursing himself that he’d been too stupid for Shemhazai to show him, for Naamah to encourage: he loved John Watson.
He ignored his mother, staring up into the face of the statue. Some trick of the design or the lighting made it appear to be looking down directly at him. Sherlock swallowed hard, trembling though he couldn't tell why.
AT THE END of summer, they are curled on the sofa, a movie offering light and noise after a particularly memory-laden day. For the first time in longer than he cares to recall, John does not crave the comfort of a body tangled with his, because it is now a need sated--it is surprising, however, to find this is the case when he wakes the next morning, limbs slotted between Sherlock’s. He’s just shy of falling off the narrow sofa, which clearly was not built for two grown men.
“Darlin’ all the toast is brown--that’s what makes it toast,” the waitress chuckled, and offered a wink that looked more like one eye had simply forgotten to blink. “Y’mean, wheat?”
John closed his eyes as the noises continued, unable to block the images that sprang readily to mind. Sherlock dressed as he had been in the kitchen three mornings prior, only now he’d been knocked to his knees, making this desperate keening sound as someone did with him as they pleased. It was enough to spear John with a rush of--
“You are dismissed, John Hamish Watson, on this day, the seventeenth of February, the two-thousand and tenth year of Elua. It is witnessed by the joint collectives of the British and D’Angeline Cassiline Brotherhoods and the heads of both the British and D’Angeline Temples of Elua. May Cassiel and Elua have mercy on your soul.”
“Does that mean I get to claim a forfeit?” Sherlock’s words are voiceless, only breath shaped into syllables, barely echoing off the acoustics of water and wood. His face is hidden in the shadow of the dock, and John finds himself pining for the moon, wishing he could see Sherlock’s face properly in its light just now.
John fell silent, looked away again. Smiling Elua’s eyes always on him, no matter where in the sanctuary they stood.
“Our sources believe he may be funding a group of D’Angeline extremists who would see the nation insulated from the rest of the world to preserve its purity--we need you to uncover any ties he might have with the Lies-Beyond organization.”
Sherlock spotted a bench nearby, dropped onto it, and made a face at the Cassiline, shooing him away. The Cassiline rolled his eyes and took a single step further away.
Sherlock swam over, his skinny frame surprising in its strength as each sure stroke brought him closer to John, to the centre of the pond. When he was only a few feet away, he halted, treading water. He snorted, and sent a splash of water right for John’s head. “That’s if your idiotic guffawing doesn’t get us caught first.”
Sherlock turned to John, who had followed in silence, having given up his line of questioning in the car.
“I’d call all the officers in. They know what you are, yeah? They know how much of a fucking masochist you are. First we’d cuff you.” She wrenched his arms behind his back, snatched a set of handcuffs from an accent table. Freezing metal clamped tight around his wrists, ratcheted into place. “I’d hold you still while they all took their turns frisking you.”
It didn’t matter that Sherlock and he had been legally cleared thanks to Mycroft. Nor that he’d been an integral part of capturing a terrorist. As soon as he was released from the hospital, he’d been given summons to the head temple in Paris, the City of Elua.
“Given your--your attire you’ve likely been on some sort of b-business, though it’s hard to say what. You tend toward sleek, modern lines and that skull-and-crossbones tie suggests you are allowed to have a bit of personality compared to the others you do business with, suggesting you are higher up. The fresh smell of your aftershave would suggest that either you’ve reapplied it recently, or else you’ve just cleaned yourself up to come over. Which might also suggest that you’re not as high up on the social ladder as you’d have people believe. That’s--I’m--” Sherlock spared a glance for Irene, humiliation at disappointing her in front of her colleague washing over him. Even that held its own allures. “I’m sorry--”
For all that, John couldn’t figure out where to focus, not exactly. The sensation felt--well, fucking amazing--but John wasn’t sure if he should focus about how good he felt, or if he was supposed to be simultaneously finding some way to make Sherlock feel like this, or if that would be rude, since he wouldn’t be paying as much attention as he should be--
The muscles in his lower back trembled already with the strain of finding his centre of balance, and Helen ran a fingertip across them. He tried to ignore the way his cock pressed against her thigh, trapped tight within the rope between their bodies. It was fascinating how much smoother, how much softer her skin was than that of the men he’d experienced.
3.) Restraint-play, degradation, mild humiliation, prostate milking, and blindfolding all occur in the sex scene. If those aren't your cuppa, just skip the sex and understand that some hella kinky times were had and everyone had fun.
“Rumour has it they go further back than even Jim and me. I’ve never had confirmation, but it’s whispered he fostered with her family for a time before either of them went into service. So that’s what I want from you, when you go to them. Find me proof, one way or the other.”
He bent to peer at the anemones again, and considered their meaning. He understood, finally, that he
Brother Rocaille grinned then, his glare still fixed on John. “Top of your class, questionably close friendship with the head of the London Brotherhood, and assigned, most unconventionally, to a servant of the
While Sherlock had been to the lush floral gardens of Elua’s temple on many occasions, and the libraries of Shemhazai’s a few times as well, he had never been to Kushiel’s temple, and couldn’t begin to guess what awaited.
Sherlock swallows, his Adam’s apple bobbing like the poppies. “Look at where we are,” he whispers. “Look at where we started.”
. The water distorted the street-light until it flashed in streaks and fits, liquid lightning just against the glass.
Rather irrationally, Sherlock wondered what John would look like if he’d found himself somehow shirtless in a hand-to-hand fight: no tame button-down to hide the functional vambraces that shielded his arms, daggers in hand, the grim light of battle shining in those stupidly blue eyes. The matte-black SIG would still be holstered at his side--that didn’t come out until a Cassiline intended to kill.
Beyond that, those first few weeks were uneventful--John woke before dawn each morning to move through the Telling of the Hours in the same way he’d done for the last ten years. He provided silent guard when they left the house. Even without strict structure, there was a rhythm to it, if only John could learn the steps of this dance.
Sherlock felt Naamah’s blessing descend over him once more, and the devilish grin he wore was entirely genuine. “Then you’d both best take advantage of your muse.”
. John had heard Jim refer to himself as Daddy. John would know he liked to be called that, that Sherlock had called him that.
“But what would the two of you make of it?” Dianne asked. “Once you’d caught the end of a thread that drew your interest?”
Sherlock, despite the scowling Cassiline at his back, fought to wipe the small grin from his face as he pressed the door open.
Irene rose from her seat with a sigh. “Fair enough.” She tapped her finger against the table, thinking. “I have reason to believe that Victor Trevor has blown through his inheritance, and yet he can still afford his lifestyle--which includes paying handsome sums to secure the virgin-price for a very rare adept of Naamah’s service.” She inclined her head to Sherlock, as if her meaning weren’t already plain. “Naturally I would question where his funds come from, when they can so directly benefit
The blow to John’s middle landed heavier than Brother Vincent’s used to during training. And just like he learned in training, John absorbed it, channeled it right back into his retaliation.
As the lift ascended, Sherlock let his mind wander. The Midwinter Masque was held in grand old tradition, everyone decked in elegant costume. With Jim holding his contract for the night, it was up to Jim to choose what they would wear. But what on earth would a man like Jim Moriarty choose?
Connie wink-blinked at him again as she tipped the carafe over his mug. Then her voice dropped to conspiratorial levels. “I hope y’don’t think I’m bein’ rude, but I’s wonderin’ if you’n that other fella were here... t’gether, y’know? If yer not, I don’t mean any disrespect, just... I know you’re outta-towners. Ya gotta be careful ‘bout that around here.” Her brows drew together. “No offense.”
When he pried it open, he was surprised to find its contents: an old badge of Lestrade’s that Sherlock had nicked ages ago, a navy silk sash the color of early evening, a plain wooden hairbrush--and as the other contents were revealed, he found an unsettling theme.
He ignored it and turned back to his former patron. “We don’t have time for this, Victor. Now, who is Lorraine Carver?”
Camellia’s page, however, brought different news. The only time he’d been logged at that House in the last six months were January 6th. While it was possible he could’ve gotten Cecily Noualt to wait several months--roughly four, in fact--it was impossible he’d been there to do it on those particular dates.
Sherlock frowned, and tried to lock away his dismay at having missed a chance to offer himself to Jim. “How so?”
One summer day, six months into Sherlock's training, a knock sounded at the door of Irene's study, where Sherlock was holed up, poring over
Out in the hallway, John still stood by the door, his posture stiff and his mouth settled in to a firm, disappointed line. He refused to meet Sherlock’s eye, though a tell-tale redness that blossomed on the tips of his ears and neck told Sherlock either he was fully aware and embarrassed of all that had passed, or else he was furious about it. With John, it was likely both.
Molly pulls at the hem of her clingy red halter top as she gives her little wave, a swoop of her head as she resists the urge to look down at the ground rather than actually meet his eye.
For the second time that night, John’s eyes burn, but this time he doesn’t blink them away. He smiles into his grief, until he feels the tears ready to spill across his cheeks. He’s never let anyone see that before, not even Sherlock. But now, what good would it do to hide?
Over on the bookshelf, the stereo played a new song, its beat heavier, drawn taut by smooth vocals. John and Sherlock, back over on the bed, began a new dance, one independent of the rhythm set by the song, an interplay of tongue and skin and hands and hips, the erratic music of John’s voice, broken as Sherlock undid him, like a jazz improvisation over the trance-beat of the stereo.
John let out a long breath, ignoring the guilt of the truth in those times he’d plead with Brother Vincent to be released from his assignment.
The next morning Sherlock came down to find John, Irene, and Kate all gathered at the television, shock and horror written on their faces as the news reported an overnight story from abroad.
“Why can’t all the night-blooming flowers be as handsome as you, Sherlock?” Emile joked at one point as they relocated to the sitting room, and then slid his gaze over to John. “Or as well protected?”
Sherlock stroked light fingers along the edge of the bad shoulder, and when he met John’s eyes there was something soft there. “I meant it when I said I would like to stretch out with you, get a little more comfortable. Is that okay?”
If Sherlock had had the forethought to assume fear would dampen the arousal blazing in his veins, he was wrong. Maybe that was normal, or maybe it was because of his accursed nature as an aguisset. Kushiel’s priestess had warned him of what he was, all those years ago--he transmuted pain into pleasure. Did that include nonphysical pain?
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, spinning the little flower between forefinger and thumb. It reminded him of the night before, of allowing himself to indulge in the sentimentality that kept seeping in from the edges of his life. A hug from Victor, a tiny ‘x’ at the end of a text from Sally. An unspoken message from Jim that could only allude to partnership once Sherlock made his
As Sherlock made his way toward the centre, the guests lifted their voices in whoops and raucous cries, pressing in closer to watch him work. Hands dipped into wallets, pressed folding money into his sash, into the waist of his pants or the tight metal bands at his biceps. Sherlock never stopped moving, just spared a moment of eye contact with each, let them see
“Only you,” Sherlock gasps, body clenched tight, the precipice of orgasm barrelling toward him at breakneck speeds despite their slow dance.
Twelve steps in, just past the desk, he saw them. Irene slumped over Kate, blood pooling around them, darker than the
Sherlock shuddered to think of his brother, the stodgy prig, frequenting a House whose canon pledged modesty. He couldn’t imagine any aspect of it.
“Investigating,” Sherlock said simply, scanning their surroundings. The pale, sleek lines of the waiting room now held shadows, slashes of light filtering through the thick wooden blinds across the windows. “We need to access a few personal files.”
Sherlock flicked on a nearby light switch. The power was still on, as evidenced by the mellow illumination overhead. John pinched his brow.
Sherlock nodded. The idea of entertaining complete strangers of Ms. Adler’s choosing was at once terrifying and thrilling in a way it never had been before, in a way he would have never guessed at when the idea was first mentioned to him in Sister Roberts's office all those years ago. Even still, it seemed odd that Ms. Adler would send her former patrons his way, if they were the type to receive punishments rather than dole them out. He pushed the thought away, determined to focus on it more later.
Sherlock breathed in deep, awaited whatever John might sling at him next. Maybe if he picked the argument, he could win the battle. Maybe it would hurt less, when John inevitably left him.
Jim’s hand slid along one forearm, drawing it forward, and Sherlock knew to follow suit with his other arm, offering both wrists to Jim, the most simple and visible symbol of his will. The velvet lead slithered around his flesh, tightened nearly too-tight. Sherlock gasped, desire skyrocketing again. Accomplished, Jim tugged him forward again, seven steps forward and five angling to the left, to the centre of the room.
As the night wore on, so did the guests’ patience, their manners; as more drink flowed and the hour drew ever-nearer to midnight, light accidental grazes gave way to lingering caresses, careless gropes. Sherlock shivered beneath each touch, and Jim seemed to know each time it happened: with each incident he tugged
The jangle of twangy country music spilled from a jukebox and the rich stink of fried food and stale cigarette smoke hit him as soon as he entered; a sign posted at the register directly in front of him directed smoking patrons to the left, non-smokers to the right.* Harsh, yellowy light did nothing flattering for the stainless steel countertops, the walls yellowed with age, the dull brown squares of terra-cotta tile on the floor. He wrinkled his nose, shook his head, and turned to find Sherlock.
In the final few days before Sherlock’s first assignation--the first true test of John’s training--John practised harder than he ever had before. He ran through the Telling of Hours tirelessly each morning, sometimes two or three times, pushing as hard as he could to remember each position, each transfer from one form to the next, arms swinging with the weight of his daggers, with his gun empty and safety on. Being what Sherlock was, John was uncertain of how he might have to intervene. Loathe as he was to think of the very real possibility of interrupting what would no doubt be a completely bewildering display of debauchery should Sherlock give his
He could see their twined futures spooling out before him, from this moment onward: while John himself would remain celibate, dedicated, Sherlock might take a lover, a partner--who knew? But John was certain by means he didn’t quite fathom, that he would come to give that same level of care and dedication to whomever Sherlock chose--provided Elua saw fit to steer them both clear of that bastard Moriarty--to any children should that come along.
To John’s credit, Sherlock only saw a twitch at the corner of his mouth. Nothing else betrayed his amusement. John ducked once in a neat Cassiline bow before retreating from the room.
Sherlock swallowed hard. Amelia had come to both of these servants. She’d used her mother’s maiden name. Jim had funded it, and it worked to take care of two of his own connections.
Sherlock’s skin burned hot where it pressed against John’s side. John groaned into his mouth, tugged at Sherlock’s side until Sherlock slid onto him, pressing him into the mattress but mindful of his bad shoulder. Sherlock kissed him, languid and sure in a way that they hadn’t done earlier, no less heated for its lack of urgency. Sherlock kept him there like that, until John could feel his growing erection pressed between their stomachs. He arched up against Sherlock, the need for friction a sudden priority.
“I’m not teasing about this, I swear. I’ve been at it all week, sure, and partly to get a rise out of you. But I’m not joking right now. And if I’m overstepping my bounds, I’m sorry. But..erm. Yeah.” His smile twitched just a little pulling downward just enough to morph into something self-deprecating.
“False dichotomy,” Sherlock whispered. “This is all your doing. Your hands. Their blood, regardless of my choice. If I stay, it’s my blood, too. Tell yourself what you’d like about finding loopholes around Kushiel’s
The poem Sherlock read, poorly translated to English, told the story of a young D’Angeline queen and her tumultuous time in office as she suffered betrayal by her own family, her own protectors and narrowly escaped civil war.
Not that he was overly distracted by the female form--it was the utter poise and brazen choice of nudity that unnerved him.
Sherlock thought then of finding John in Helen’s stables, talking sweetly to her horse, to the fierce light in his eyes as he sprang into action, the raw vulnerability in the wake of a child’s lullaby. The anemone, placed gently before him as he woke from the kitchen table one morning back in the summer.
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds, and then it sank in: Victor wanted to hug him in greeting. He stepped awkwardly into Victor’s reach, allowed himself to be embraced in a half-squeeze. It wasn’t that he was averse to the gesture, simply that he had no precedent for it, no experience aside from Lestrade and now Sally in dealing with a patron outside the confines of their contract--and neither of them went around hugging him.
“It’s your employer on the phone, and he said to remind you of your duties. You have an email waiting for your immediate response.”
The next day Sherlock headed for Naamah’s temple first thing, a live dove in a small wicker cage as his offering. Naamah’s priestess stood him before the great stone statue of the goddess, kind and sensual, lips parted in joy and enticing welcome.
The victim of violence, given not only carte blanche but the hefty financial incentive to take revenge on her torturer.
on having essentially gone from an assignation to a crime scene with only a stop at home for a change of clothes.
“Are you hurt?” John asked, his eyes frantically scanning Sherlock’s face. “Can you run?” Then he shook his head, a twitch really, and he grabbed Sherlock’s hand, dragging him down the hall.
D’Angeline story, of a dark figure who mastered the birds, who kept a tame osprey. Sherlock’s reflection in the mirror showed his eyes flashing wild and shining behind his mask; he could see why Jim viewed him as a rare creature to hold captive.
“The interior of the urethra is similar to the labia minora, did you know that? Just as delicate and sensitive. It’s a shame so few people realise how wonderful this is--but now I’ve shown you, haven’t I?”
“Did you not see the plaque?” Sherlock asked, but couldn’t keep the levity from his voice. Already, he was slipping back into a memory: the last time he’d been to Paris, as a boy.
The way she cupped herself had Sherlock pressing into the mattress again, finding a slow rhythm. Warmth curled in his belly, pooled hot and heavy in his groin. She slid the boxer briefs down just far enough to reveal a prosthesis strapped into place. A packer. Sodding hell, she had a packer and Sherlock prayed he’d get to play with it, with her. He wanted nothing more than to feel its smooth silicone, to watch the way her face would relax and contort as he stoked this fantasy.
John rose, and Sherlock fought not to follow him with his eyes. John crossed the cabin, took up the phone installed on the wall there.
It was then that John’s resolve broke into a million pieces. He crossed the room in a few short strides, door still half-open, briefcase discarded on the floor. Sherlock had just enough time to flash him a triumphant grin before John pulled him close, leaning up and tugging Sherlock down for a kiss.
Jim’s snakelike stare slithered across Sherlock’s skin and up to his eyes. "Elua's balls, Irene. You've found yourself an
Sherlock stiffened in mortification. This was--he knew shouldn’t have agreed to sleep here. This had been a terrible fucking idea.
He grit his teeth and shut his eyes. This was the second bloody tunnel in twenty-four hours. At least this time he wasn’t beset by who-knew-how-many enemies and putting his body between an attacker and Sherlock.
Helen’s movement became erratic before long; the noises escaping her stretched from quiet grunts into a series of clipped, arrhythmic moans. Abruptly she went onto the balls of her feet, her calves and thighs tightening as she rocked against him one last time before shuddering with her orgasm. Saliva and her fluids clung to his chin as he pulled back; he couldn’t begin to imagine what sort of mess he looked like.
“This is how they found the last one, actually,” Sister Roberts replied, gesturing to the pin. “A steel pin with a pearl head. I don’t think that part is necessarily important, but it’s pretty. Priests and priestesses of Kushiel have kept them ever since. Mr. Holmes--”
The flowers, the revelation--these were both gifts from Elua. A demonstration, since he’d offered himself.
Sherlock paused, only too aware of what his current position hid. After all, he'd been pleasantly abuzz, just waiting for the first marks from the tattoo gun. He prayed his blush wasn't too obvious.
Sherlock’s expression hardened and his pace quickened. “Madeline D’Arbos’s murder and Smith’s assassination were merely an opening gambit. Whoever wanted that message sent to Madame D’Arbos didn’t wait for Smith to talk.”
“Sherlock, let me in. It’s freezing out here,” John grumbled from the sidewalk before gently nudging Sherlock forward from the threshold. When he stepped in he let out a hiss. “Bollocks, did the power go out?”
She plucked the pin from his finger, dropping it onto her desk to take a tissue from the box nearby. She wadded it and pressed it to the drop of blood that had begun to bead on his fingertip. “I apologise for all that, though your reaction is nothing to be ashamed of. I had expected as much.”
Sherlock soothed the spot with another kiss before straightening and shifting, pulling John close again. John was more than pleased to note the fine tremor in Sherlock’s hands as he skimmed his palms up John’s forearms along his biceps. John mirrored the motion, certain the anticipatory banging in his chest was audible.
One by one her buttons came undone, revealing a compression shirt shaped like any ordinary vest, except when rucked up this one had a row of hook clasps down the side where the binder portion separated from the outer shell. Sherlock paused his movement to undo them, and Sally shifted until together they stripped her of it.
Moriarty’s declaration circled and twisted back in on itself, stringing together with the famished whisper Sherlock had given to another question entirely:
Across the way, Felippa signaled the forward advance, and they crept cautiously out. Sherlock tried to steady his breathing, but his lungs burned from the freezing air. It took all his concentration just to keep his gun steady as they each swung about, scanning their surroundings.
That in itself was unsurprising--somehow his building had terrible reception, and it was common for calls and messages to not reach him til he’d left. What was surprising, however, was the fact that it was from Sherlock, who never called, and most certainly never left voicemail.
Sherlock did the same, a long moment drawing out. When he glanced over to John again, his lips twisted into a smirk. “I propose a compromise.”
Wilkerson tutted. “Breathe deep. Calm down, Sherlock. This will be so much easier if you’re not erect when I slide the plug into you. Can you do that for me? Can you calm yourself down?”
TOGETHER THEY WALK the length of the town. Words creep in, like bees or like summer, easier in the dark. Surprisingly, Sherlock reminds John how to smile.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but said nothing. Instead he studied John’s frame, the steady tic of his pulse at his throat. “On the one hand, Angelo’s fettucine is homemade and I hear it’s rather good, but if you’re more the dim sum type--” that earned a twitch at the corner of John’s mouth “--ah, yes. Okay. Chinese it is.”
Holy crap, how did a whole month slip by since last I updated?! Things are settling down over here, schedules are regulating and I can start building regular fic-writing time back in. I've missed you guys, missed this little universe! And in the future, please feel free to bombard and/or harass me if so much time passes between chapters!
Sherlock was now completely taken aback. Not even the Kusheline priestess had been sure, before she’d pricked his finger. This complete stranger had gotten it in one go.
The man leaned up from where he straddled John, drawing back to punch. John bucked, catching him in the groin
Cassilines did not draw their guns unless they intended to kill, a last-ditch effort to protect their ward. It was part of their training and therefore their legal right to carry a firearm. In the social circles Cassilines usually found themselves, reason to use it was extremely rare. Precedent with authorities in this weren’t well-known, and it was reasonable to fear the outcome.
“Consulting detective. I work with Scotland Yard on occasion. You have no idea who Lorraine Carver is? She seems awfully intent on ruining you.”
Sherlock’s cheeks burned, the shame of knowing full well John had witnessed all this set his heart beating faster. He went dizzy with it. Sherlock closed his eyes, willing his senses to return. They refused, and instead he longed for Jim’s hand--comfort or in cruelty, he could have begged for anything just then.
Brother Rocaille, head of the D’Angeline Brotherhood, leaned forward from the long table at which he and the other senior members of both temples had been arranged. Brother Vincent, the head of the English temple, sat to Brother Rocaille’s right, with the British elders arrayed beyond him: one each from Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland. All the D’Angelines were arranged along the left from Brother Rocaille, who was acting as head in L’Agnace, in which the City of Elua resided; representatives from Kusheth, Namarre, Eisande, Camlach, Azzalle, and Siovale. Behind them, at the back wall, sat the London and D’Angeline heads of the Temples of Elua, meant only to observe and provide additional judgement. Thirteen souls as judges and jury.
Norton Cottage, Sherlock felt, was more akin to a country manor than anything like the cottage-home in which he’d spent his childhood. Leave it to posh, idiosyncratic nomenclature to downplay wealth, Sherlock decided.
was reduced to a sticky mess on top of him--John almost didn’t believe it was real. A tired grin stretched his mouth; he was somewhat glad Sherlock couldn’t see his face.
“This what you needed?” John asked, his smile brighter than the sun. How one person could shift from dark and sexy to playful and sweet and back so seamlessly left Sherlock breathless and starry-eyed.
“We’ll see about that," she growled. Her jaw clinched and her painted lips drew into a fierce, jagged line. With a cry she hurled the glass bottle at Sherlock’s head. Luckily she’d telegraphed the movement enough he was able to dodge it, just barely; it sailed past and smashed against the wall, an explosion of liquid and heavy glass. She charged Sherlock.
“Can’t say I’ve ever liked guard dogs, myself.” Moriarty’s voice came out lilting and distant, then, like he had more pressing thoughts. “If I had one I’d rip every fang from its mouth. I have no use for a bite worse than my own.”
And it worked: Sherlock’s breath grew ragged as the rose blossom drifted the breadth of his shoulders over the dark arch of the bow inked there. His body writhed against the blanket and the thorns as it begged for the light touch of the petals, muscles tensing and flexing in arms and arse and thighs. He lost track of the time, of the noises he was making, of anything but the slow, loving torture John gave him. Sweat sprang and cooled in the light breeze on sun-warmed skin. His muscles began to ache, and still John kept on, until Sherlock found himself begging.
John cleared his throat, a faint blush colouring his cheeks. He turned a brighter smile to Emile. “We’ve been terrible hosts. We don’t see or hear from you for several months, and then suddenly you show up out in the middle of Sussex just to see us--what brings you by?”
come from something significant, which means something impressed early on. So, childhood. A preoccupation with pirates?” His words were at once lazy and barbed, a lion circling its prey.
Now there was a thought. How deep could Naamah’s love delve, if she gave herself freely in Elua’s name? Of any other Companion’s devotion, only her service to Elua required actual sacrifice the way Cassiel’s did. Was it possible that her servants’ and acolytes’ devotion actually compared to those of The Brotherhood?
Sherlock let loose a whimper whose edges were tinged with panic--he had a love/hate relationship with gags. The way they excited a patron were lovely, but there was something about the way this one act of restraint kept his words in check spooked him--not that he’d ever admit that or cow to it, of course.
been la Poveglia, but since then… hardly so much as glancing eye contact. This was a new John, who avoided Sherlock the more he healed. He spoke less, smiled less.
came like a breath, like a prayer in Sherlock’s mind. The whisper of a grief-stricken goddess, or his own panic?
Sherlock’s abdomen clenched pleasantly; he fought not to shift where he stood and eyed his cordial warily. After a long moment he found the nerve to meet Jim’s eyes, to answer truthfully. “One, not at all. Most, sometimes. You? Always.”
Sherlock turned to face the door as it opened, and Mr. Ames returned. He washed his hands, pulled on nitrile gloves, and swabbed down Sherlock's skin before applying the transfer paper, pressing it just so until he'd inked the temporary guidelines along Sherlock's shoulders and spine.
Something twisted in Sherlock’s middle. Jean-Julien Guitreau, a son used as an example for a father tangled up in bad business. Frederique nó Bryony, a twice-spurned lover, approached by a powerful stranger who could twitch the strands of a web, offering him a
“That depends on how generous you are with the ink,” Sherlock replied, then  frowned. Had he really just
“Asking, rather than telling me?” John deflected, surprised. “Not much to tell. I wasn’t terribly adventurous.”
John turned back to Sherlock, to find that his friend had gone wide-eyed and was grinning from ear to ear. His own heart had started racing for an altogether different reason now, and as the adrenaline flooded his system he let loose a small, manic giggle.
For the life of him, John couldn’t remember whose idea it was, but they were both starkers swimming in the dirty little pond on the back end of the Pritchards’ farm. He giggled helplessly, so hard he almost couldn’t swim. And Sherlock, dear lord. Sherlock kept insisting on doing cannonballs from the little dock, experimenting with angle and pose to produce the largest splash, letting loose whoops of excitement that would surely bring even crodgety old Mr. Pritchard running.
John didn’t have an answer to that, instead opting to lose himself to the call, to Cassiel’s molten steel in his veins as they careened out onto a bustling road at the opposite end of the alley. John caught sight of Smith and threw himself forward even harder, desperate to close the last half-block between them and this case being done.
Once he’d collected himself as well as his payment and the gift Helen had left with Mal, Sherlock sought out John. Another of the house staff pointed him toward Helen’s stables, which stood on the eastern side of the property.
He forced his eyes open, only to see John giving his statement on the far side of the crime scene. John had sheathed his daggers and allowed an officer to run his ID for the SIG.
Their shoes crunched along the gravel walkway as they approached the scene, lit bright as day by a host of portable flood-lamps. Yarders milled around the perimeter, a few investigators snapping photographs of the body and the nearby ground. Lestrade stood to one side, supervising as his team did their work. Beside him Sally Donovan stood, arms crossed and grim-faced.
Sherlock was only too glad to oblige. “He spoke of a benefit at the Embassy. The French PM will be there.”
Sherlock took the head of her strap-on into his mouth, lavishing it just as thoroughly as any cock he’d had the pleasure of tasting. Simultaneously he slipped his second and third fingers deep into her until he found the soft tissue of her g-spot. He picked up a rhythm, then, bobbing on her cock as he swirled his fingers in relentless circles, until her grunts and cries lost form and coherency, until her back arched and her clawed fingers scrabbled for any sort of hold. Then Sherlock pulled back.
“F-fuck. I--” Sherlock breaks off, pressing his face into the sheets, willing his body to slow down long enough for him to speak. “Fucking--John. Get it. Please--”
Sherlock’s throat tightened, his eyes burned. This was too much, and he hated how deeply he loved it.
But what Victor said next, Sherlock would never have guessed: “Now, sweetheart, let’s get you untied and more comfortable.”
But Brother Vincent hauled him in, wrapped him into a spine-crushing hug. “The Brotherhood gave him a choice. Stay with the Brotherhood, or stay with you. He chose you.”
He leveled a barbed gaze at her. Whatever this mousy little woman had to say, he had absolutely no care to hear it.
His chest seized, his entire body locking down in a paroxysm of pure terror as Jim trailed it along the length of Sherlock’s cock, the curve of his bollocks, just light enough to keep from leaving so much as a scratch.
“You’ve got half the Violent Crimes division wanting to get a piece of you--and we would. We’d get you back for every insult, every pompous, jackarsed thing you’ve ever done to us.” Then her voice slipped into a growl, strangely masculine and brusque. “We’d gang up on you.”
“Should one of us shoot you, in the foot or the shoulder?” Sherlock asked before he really considered his words.
Ill-suppressed excitement had him clasping the appraiser’s hand harder than normal, but it was easily forgivable.
“What the hell does that mean?” John hissed, leaning forward, invading her personal space just a little more.
“About where your boundaries are,” Sherlock answered as if this wasn’t a tectonic shift in John’s entire world. “What we each want, at least for here and now.”
“Ah, the beauty of the digital age.” Moriarty gave a dreamy sigh. “Forgery is a beautiful thing, and no one will be wiser.”
John continued. “Most of your lot only serve as a way to fund their education, to network. But you do this--” and here he gestured at the boning of the corset, its hooks a visible topography beneath Sherlock’s thin white shirt, “--to yourself for fun. To get piddly information from people who don’t actually like you. Don’t you think you’re worth more than that?”
He knew he had her, then. He went for her clitoris next, swollen and ready as he used his tongue to map its texture, its shape, before using his lips to suck gently, pulling Helen into a rhythm that kept her hips chasing his movement until her hands tightened in his hair and she held his head still, riding against his mouth. He fought for balance, overwhelmed with her blatant pleasure.
Mr. Ames’s studio felt completely different bathed in streetlight, empty and silent as it was when they broke into it roughly an hour later.
On a more catch-y-up-y note, this chapter begins the morning after the assignation with the De Fhirze twins, right as Sherlock and John get back to
Sally clenched her jaw, her eyes darting between Sherlock and her superior officer. She huffed once and turned on her heel, stalking off.
, his nametag read--smiled, bright white teeth against dark-tanned skin. He possessed the kind of brazen quality that bode well for Sherlock’s gamble.
“That depends. I know of an excellent Italian restaurant a few blocks away, or if you’d prefer Chinese--”
. The part of his full lips begged to be explored. The lean strength of his frame demanded John’s immediate attention--the urge to run his palms over Sherlock’s chest, or grasp along his sides and hips was overwhelming.
SHERLOCK’S BREATHING FILLS the silence, distant. Near-inaudible gusts, the wind on the sea, on the far end of a phone line. London is miles and years and lifetimes ago. Neither of them knows how to speak anymore. Not to one another, not to anyone. This is more than John can bear. It is more than he deserves, this last grace he’s been given. He is certain it cannot last--nothing ever does, not the way it’s supposed to.
I want you to show off for me, freak! Get to work, then!” Sally snapped, but it was exactly what Sherlock needed--she’d backed off just enough from orgasm to get this to work.
Just look at you. You’re doing so well. I’m pleased you’ve lasted this long. No one else has taken it the way you have. They’ve all given their signale before the fun even began.”
Pushing the thought away, he crawled in and found the tunnel itself was high enough to stand comfortably in, and then some. He trailed along behind her, praying his footsteps didn’t echo too loudly against the stone and cement. How far down this tunnel sloped, he wasn’t sure. It was obvious the passage was old and well-planned; this wasn’t some last minute thing dug from the earth, but a proper passageway, like the builders who’d designed and constructed the embassy had installed this, too.
The small cottage that Sherlock has lent him, an old family property languishing seaside in Sussex, is blessedly foreign. John needs that these days.
“You absolute dick--” John huffed as he sprinted alongside Sherlock, “--if you get killed I will find some way to raise you from the dead--” he broke off again as they dodged a little old lady walking her dog, “--and I will murder you myself!”
“What kind of gentleman would I be then?” Emile grinned, his previous manner returned. Then he waggled his universal key-card in the air beside his face. “Besides, I won’t get into nearly as much trouble if there’s not another key made--
John’s heart was in his throat, suddenly. Could he possibly make his way through it without Sherlock realising just how much truth was about to be behind every word and gesture?
Luca’s feet had carried him away, down toward the back stairwell, likely a rear entrance to bring him to the action with limited visibility.
“No prints,” Lestrade said, following his train of thought. “Whoever was here--if it was anyone--scrubbed the place clean.”
John’s breath puffed against his lips, but neither of them moved. Sherlock could tell they were both holding off, waiting to see what the other would do. Competing at stupid things had gotten them this far, so why not a little further?
Victor stretched alongside him, nuzzling the hair behind his ear, all honey and sweetness. “Would you like to…?”
THE EARTH CONTINUES to rotate, each day bringing him a little closer to the sun, though the change is more gradual than a flower unfolding. If it were quantifiable in the moment-to-moment existence which consumes him these days, it would be akin to counting every last blade of grass, every last atom in one of the clusters of lavender that grow in the back garden. There are days
, when Lestrade’s fat cock brushed against his prostate, he knew this was something he’d chase the rest of his life, this high so much clearer, so much stronger than cocaine.
Sherlock watched her move, smooth steps imperceptible within her flowing black robe. She took the chair opposite his, covered his free hand on the table. He looked down at where they touched, but didn’t feel the urge to pull away. She was here, he knew, as Kushiel’s priestess as much as he was there as Kushiel’s whipping-boy.
Sherlock smiled to himself, absolutely certain of where to go next. He’d heard the idea of topping from the bottom, but never the reverse. And yet here he was.
Sherlock had figured out his prize, dumb as it was, after a whole week of struggling. He couldn’t ask for what he really wanted, so the best he could manage was to ask John for something simple, like his most embarrassing adolescent story or somesuch. It followed the rules of truth or dare; surely it would not appear to be the cop-out it was.
want to follow Sherlock to, it was Jim Moriarty. He couldn’t stomach the thought of Sherlock alone with him, various weapons, and the intent to do harm in the name of good fun. He clenched his fists, trying to block out the image.
