He couldn’t see himself, there was no mirror, but he knew he had lost a few pounds at least already. Between the stress and starvation, he hoped there would be something left to him by the time James found him.
to send his belongings in case of anything. He didn’t dwell on the war-related information, going back to the wedding.
Tony barked out an unexpected laugh, covering his mouth. “As long as it’s not a fiesta or a Prius, it’s welcome. Though, if you just wanted to see me again, that could be arranged.”
“Ah, my favorite customer returns,” Tony said with a smile and poured Steve a cup of coffee, adding a spoonful of sugar and stirring it in as he walked over to him. “And here I was thinking I wouldn’t get to talk to him while we were away. Thanks.” He kissed Steve’s cheek and grabbed his second cup of coffee before sitting down next to him. “I’m nervous but also excited to see what you planned.”
Right at that moment, the door opened and Tony and Falsworth came in. Tony had a bag in his good hand and Falsworth and a few men Tony didn’t know the names of were carrying the coffee machine and the other heavier bags.
“Well, Clint doesn’t have any negative feelings attached to this—” James cut himself off, looking around the room slowly, silent and Steve did the same, not understanding.
He got in the passenger seat and Jones started the engine, heading for the deli. It was two minutes later that Dugan spoke.
They knew Bakuto was smart but he had picked up on the missing information faster than they had hoped and in retaliation, he had sent them photos of both Clint and Tony, bruised and bloody, looking incredibly tired and malnourished.
“I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that,” James said and then handed Steve the water he was ignoring. “Drink.”
For a second Steve stopped when the song ended and it made Tony worry he would have to let go of Steve and go back to sitting next to him. Instead they simply continued and Tony could breathe again.
Tony flinched violently but braced himself for whatever was going to happen. When nothing did, he turned around slowly to see Clint standing there.
Silently James threw them away and collected the trash by the door to be taken out later, turning to Tony. Sarah was beside him, trying to comfort him and Benni had moved a little closer but seemed hesitant.
Tony moved to hold Steve’s hand, not liking how harsh he had been towards him, and then he listened to it all. Once Steve was finished Tony sat on his bed to be closer to him and he kissed his forehead. No, this wouldn’t blow over.
“So you’ve really been able to sing this entire time and this is the first time I hear it?” James asked, watching a happy smile spread across Clint’s face. James plopped back down onto his chest, tapping his arm. “Sing, sing,” he demanded.
There were dark brown leather couches, more books scattered around the room, a few knickknacks here and there, a big coffee table between the two couches, and a fireplace with a huge comfy-looking rug in front of it. The fireplace was lit and warmed the whole room but even so, big wool blankets were laid neatly across the backs of the couches. In the far corner was a huge, shiny black baby grand piano.
Steve nodded in response to his thanks and watched him sit on the couch, clearly tired. It had escaped Steve’s mind that Tony had just left the hospital and was still recovering because Tony did such a good job of hiding it, looking strong. He knew what his mother would say to that, the same thing she told him when he behaved in a similar way: ‘There’s nothing weak about needing help.’
There was a framed photo of Clint and Natalia that James had never noticed until now. They couldn’t have been any older than twenty. James reminded himself to ask Clint about it.
He heated the milk up on the stove—it was quieter than using the microwave—and poured himself a glass, washing the pot out quietly and leaving it to dry. He considered staying in the kitchen but wanted somewhere more comfortable so he ventured out towards the living room.
“Well, I have bad news for you. My looks only go downhill from here.” He gently inspected his red, stinging cheek with his fingers. Tony handed him his water and he drank, still waiting to see if they would come drag Tony out next. “I think I was on the phone to James just now.”
Tony covered his mouth when he had to laugh at the bickering around the table. Those three had a good thing going and he loved how they worked together.
Tony looked up, focusing back on the current reality he was trying to escape. He mimicked Clint’s gesture. “Oh, you mean—“ He stopped himself and shook his head. He pointed to his heart and Clint’s and mimed someone coming in. They should wait for James and Steve.
“He’s got a point,” James said around a mouthful of potatoes, his posture relaxed now and his elbows on the table. “What do you have to say for yourself?”
They passed many cases of beautiful rings and necklaces and earrings. There was another case of wristwatches and Steve knew that the pocket watch he liked had long since fallen out of fashion but he also did not like wristwatches. One of these days he would get into the more modern look but that day was not today.
James went for the solo man, his knife sailing through the air with deadly precision and burying itself in the back of his head. The man dropped into the snow with a soft crunch and James took his weapon and carried on. Dmitri at James’ three o’clock across the street was crossing now to enter the building with him.
Tony shook his head, stopping the movement. “You did say you wanted to be my last,” he said, a faint blush on his cheeks. “I’ll take the gold watch too.” He added the second sentence with a wink, just to make it seem less serious.
Steve was not the most interesting person Tony had ever been on a date with but in Tony’s case, that was a good thing. Tony’s list of past romantic endeavors was, as Rhodey had dubbed, ‘sketchy.’ The only exception to the rule being Pepper (which had ended on a positive note and not gone past the first date). Otherwise it was a colorful assortment of people and personalities, though not names because Tony rarely remembered them the morning after. Just like he didn’t quite remember the name of the guy he’d been with the night before he wound up on Steve’s couch but he had a very vivid memory of him telling Tony he worked as a horse whisperer.
He picked up the rest of his food and slowly ate it, thinking about all the things he wanted to do when he was back with James. First and foremost, leave the city behind for a while and go to that house in the countryside in France.
Instead he rolled them again so they were both laying on their sides and he kissed Tony slowly, deepening it and continuing until he was breathless and a little lightheaded. His hand that had been resting on Tony’s waist, traveled down his leg and back up again as he pushed all the bad thoughts aside for the moment to focus on Tony.
Tony turned pale as a ghost and stared at Pepper. What he described was what he kept feeling. “Like... a warmth that spreads through your body?” He asked.
, was something Maria had always told Tony and he found those words to be true, especially with Steve.
Clint was about to stop Tony by explaining that James had his pain meds—because he had special ones that were very strong —but he didn’t because they also made him super drowsy.
“No, you’ll take one now. I won’t have you stinkin’ up my kitchen.” He thought about arguing that it was
“I’ll see where Steve is and then we’ll come down too,” Tony said and watched Benni leave the room. Just as the door closed, there was a faint knock on it. “Yes?”
“Good,” Tony replied with a smile on his lips. When he closed his eyes he could still see Steve between his legs. That thought was so intense that it left no room for any scary memories or feelings. “You’re so good to me, Steve.” He turned on his side to scoot closer to his tall, muscular fella, wanting to feel their bodies touch. It was warm here, no draft and plenty of blankets to protect Tony from feeling even a little cold.
“Oh?” Tony asked and Steve regretted it immediately. “Why so?” Tony called over the nearest waitress and ordered himself and Steve a nice bottle of wine. They’d texted about liking wine with their steak but Steve was humble enough to admit he knew nothing about them, just that he liked dry, older wines.
“Hi, pet.” She pressed another gentle kiss to his hair. “I have a request.” He waited. “I need you not to worry about anyone but yourself for the next couple hours at least, alright?” James chuckled and Steve nodded.
“How are you both?” she asked, reaching up to tuck a piece of Clint’s hair behind his ear. It had grown long and he was in dire need of a haircut as well as the shave. James had promised both the moment they were able to leave the hospital. “I brought a few baked goods, including those muffins I know you like so much.”
Clint leaned forward and pressed a kiss to his forehead. “See that? That’s just a preview. You won’t even know we’re on a plane by the time I’m done with you. So tell me more about this fear. Why does it exist?”
While Sarah and Benni prepared everyone’s plates, Steve lifted his arm to rest on the back of Tony’s seat, his fingers wandering lightly up his back and scratching gently at the soft baby hairs at the nape of his neck. His hand then rested on Tony’s shoulder, his thumb still caressing the back of his neck because he needed and wanted the touch as much as Tony did.
They settled into a comfortable position in which Steve could still reach the tray to eat while Tony was curled up against his side, making himself as small as possible, enjoying the warmth and security. He fell asleep easily. His sleep was still very light but luckily not a lot was happening, giving him the opportunity to rest up.
Despite Rhodey inching closer trying to hear the conversation, Tony swatted him away and escaped to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him and sitting on the bed. Was it weird that he had butterflies in his stomach and felt like a teenager with a crush?
Clint watched him hesitate, watched him work through something in his head, and then he came further into the room and Clint flinched, cursing himself internally when Steve noticed that too.
,” he said, a name he rarely called him, “you protected me on the battlefield, I’ve got your back in this fight. And every one after it.” He took a step forward. Steve dropped the gun, uncocking it, and bringing his hand back up where it was visible. “Can I show you the damage?”
“True but when I met him, he was… different. Eventually, I used my special brand of charm and dumbassery to win him over.” He let his head drop for a moment, his chest aching with how much he missed him. He lifted his head again to see Tony’s reply. He really missed his hearing aids too.
When he looked up from his glass of whiskey, his mother was staring at him from over her book. He put the glass down and decided to move away from her piercing gaze over to Benni who was drawing on the floor.
Steve smiled and then he and James quickly and silently incapacitated the two men who stood guard behind the house while Dmitri picked the lock and Dugan slipped inside to check for any other security measures like alarm systems or trip wires—Loki seemed the type to have something like that in his home.
“I can see what you mean.” He looked out of the window. “This feels wrong. Why are we on the wrong side of the road?” He crossed his legs underneath himself to get more comfortable. “So, where are you taking me? What’s first on the list?”
The fire inside wasn’t very hot or loud, it was mostly contained to the second floor where a few boxes had been set alight and spread, the smoke was the more irritating issue. Just over the little bit of noise, there was a faint… scattering sound?
He watched him go and then looked back to Mr Rogers. The firmness of his words made everything better.
“James wasn’t,” he said plainly. “He never fought.” He handed Tony a mug. “Happened to me way before I enlisted. Just got worse when I came back.”
Howard swallowed despite how dry his throat was. “Uh, no. Not at all, Mr Rogers. Sir.” Steve gave him a controlled smile, his eyes still tight and distrustful. He patted Howard’s shoulder and Howard flinched.
“And how much will you pay at the next visit?” Steve wasn’t unnecessarily cruel. He had a code and he had rules and if the rules were violated, the code dictated what must be done but he was no bully. He made his rules clear so when they were broken, there was no excuse for whining about punishment.
“Huh. We can’t ever just have a puppy wander in, can we? Last time it was Barton,” Sam said, shaking his head.
“Nothing wrong with it,” Clint said, seeing the way he was retreating back. He didn’t know how to say it without someone on the other side of the door possibly hearing them. He wanted to say he knew Steve. That they were… acquaintances. Not friends, not yet.
Steve went to the piano and thought about playing, standing there, arms crossed, staring at the keys but no inspiration came, no real desire. So he left the living room and didn’t bother with the study because he knew he couldn’t focus on a book.
“Hm,” James said, nodding his head as well and sending Steve a look. He smiled and stood. “Be right back. You still keep it in the bedside table drawer?”
“Big day ahead of you tomorrow?” Sarah asked her son before stepping out of the room. Steve shook his head and yawned.
Steve chuckled. “You really—” yawn “—wanna risk wakin’ her up so early just to tell her I’m still up? Yer dancin’ on the fine line ‘tween bravery an’ stupidity.” He scooted further onto the bed. It was big enough that he didn’t worry about crowding Tony. “But she’d prob’ly say somethin’ about me needin’ta sleep,” he added, knowing his sentences were starting to border on repetition and nonsense but he didn’t care.
Tony wondered just how much of this Steve felt himself. What was his reason for playing this piece? He listened for as long as it continued, enjoying the soothing tones and the moderate tempo but also the sincerity.
He had theories but that didn’t mean he wanted to be right. He wanted to be very, very wrong. He wanted this target on his and Steve’s back to be some cocky amateur.
Sarah had come over at that point and gently guided her son away from James and Natalia to talk to him quietly on the other side of the room as Natalia did the same with James.
With that as the last thought on his mind Tony finally passed out, breathing getting more difficult with every ragged inhale, not able to keep his eyes open from all the swelling. Something warm was running down his forehead and over his lips, there was the taste of metal on his tongue. At least he wasn’t cold anymore.
Steve blushed. “Well, you’re not wrong. He was really good. Best I’ve had in a long while,” he admitted, sipping his coffee calmly and trying to hide his grin. Bucky reached over and smacked his arm, almost making him spill his drink.
“Well, your math whiz isn’t here to check my calculations but I wouldn’t say it’s complete shit,” James said and Steve gave him an unimpressed look. “Look, we have four potential buildings within this area and one just on the outskirts. These others would take at least another thirty minutes to reach.”
“Thank you,” he said softly. It felt like a gift that was given out of pity because he was so weak, because he had cried like a child.
“Why am I only just now hearing about this? How?” Clint asked, trying to swallow his pizza and laugh at the same time which was not working out in his favor.
He glanced out the window and down fifth avenue, trying to remember what else he needed to do today.
“What was that about, Cap?” he asked, not usually one to question Steve but probably the only one other than James who could and not at the very least get his head bitten off and at the very most get shot.
Steve had never been so attracted to someone in his life but a part of him wanted to do this right, especially since he’d realized that this could never be a one night stand. They had already called each other to talk twice more since arranging their date three days ago and Steve knew now that the butterflies he’d had on the first date were the jitters. The ones he had now were feelings.
“I’ve still got thirty minutes,” he said softly, his arms around Tony tightening as he hugged him. “We can finish eating. Haven’t seen you all morning.”
“It’s so nice to have you dining with us again tonight. Always a pleasure. Anything we can do to make your visit more tasteful, you just say the word,” he said and Clint almost felt sorry for him because James turned away in the middle of his sentence to look at the menu.
wanted to say it. And then he decided he didn’t care. “I want you to be mine and only mine. Always, forever, whichever comes last.” His voice was laced with a possessiveness that he usually tried to tone down.
“Save it for another day then. Go.” James stood without a second’s hesitation and turned to Steve, giving him a long, knowing look. Steve sighed and pulled out a piece of paper from his waistcoat pocket. “This is for you. A dinner invite.”
Steve felt the change in Tony’s movements, his hand moved to his knee and he turned to him, trying to sober up his mind so he could more easily figure out the problem. He raised an eyebrow as if to say, ‘all good?’
“Don’t wake up,” he whispered softly. “I’m just going to get rid of your shirt or you’ll be uncomfortable and kick me during the night. No one wants that.” Slowly he pushed the shirt up, got one arm out of it and then the other. The only problem was that thick head of his. And even though it was just a joke Tony had told himself, he chuckled. Steve would sigh and give him one of his signature looks if he ever told him.
“Don’t play stupid, Rogers, although with you it may not be playing,” Bakuto said and Steve had to walk away from the phone to keep himself from throwing it at a wall. That certainly wouldn’t help get Tony and Clint back. “Everyone knows information is power. Especially in the times we’re living in. ‘Loose lips sink ships’ and all that.”
His hearing aid battery had died on day two and since then he had been in total silence. It was nearing the two week mark and Clint was slowly unraveling. He hadn’t been without hearing aids since those first weeks coming home from the war when he and Natalia were trying to earn enough money to buy him a pair.
Steve came over slowly, put a hand on James’ shoulder and squeezed. “Hey,” he said and James looked up at him, “this isn’t square one. We’ll find them and you know it. Get your shit together, Romanov, this isn’t who you are.”
“Clint? Baby?” James said, leaning on Clint’s bed, holding one of Clint’s hands between his own, continually pressing his knuckles to his lips.
“You alright?” He asked, leaning to kiss his cheek. He knew he was good at what he did but he still needed to make sure that Tony felt as satisfied as possible. He would take things slow with him, as slow as Tony needed or wanted.
“Hey, buddy,” Clint said, rubbing Lucky’s back with his foot and then falling back into their comfortable silence.
Tony ran his fingers through his hair again before squirting more product out onto his fingers and trying a fourth time. Usually he did a quick sweep through of his left hand and then his right hand and boom—he was styled and ready to go. But today his hair absolutely refused to cooperate. Nothing he did seemed to fix it and he was one last attempt from screaming.
The dark, short hairstyle and clean-shaven face he sported should’ve made him seem more open but instead it just made everything more pronounced, everything about him striking and unforgettable. The way he held himself, tall, strong, unyielding. That was not unlike Steve but Dugan knew Cap and Winter differed greatly in their moral codes and that was the scariest thing about him.
Steve was not known by any of his previous partners to be a soft or gentle man. He was normally described as a bit of a monster but in the
“Cap,” Jones called as he turned to leave. He stopped in the doorway. “Might want to change your tie.” He looked down, it was sprinkled with blood. Cap winked at Jones and headed out.
Tony closed his eyes, his head working way too fast and starting to hurt. He frowned in discomfort and shifted in his bed, realizing just how sore his whole body felt. “Who are you? And where’s my brother?” He asked once he managed to open his eyes again.
Steve did not wait for the car. It would’ve been useless in the snow anyway. Instead he ran down the street. It wasn’t dignified but he wasn’t worried about dignity right then and there. All he could see was Tony lying dead on the ground and killing Howard would never be as satisfying as finding the boy alive.
They didn’t end up using a guest room that night because despite everything, Steve just wanted to hold Tony and today hadn’t been the best day on record.
Tony barely made it to the nearest couch, his legs unable to carry him for much longer. A mix of many— too many—emotions washed over him. There was guilt and a lot of it, fear, even more than guilt, confusion, love, desperation, insecurity and anxiety. Somewhere between the door and the couch Tony had managed to get rid of his clothes and was lying on his couch in his underwear, curling up in the tightest and smallest ball that he could turn himself into. It was too bright to find comfort but the warmth in his room helped.
He plopped down on the couch with a deep sigh, picking at the first muffin. God, he missed Tony. And he worried about Tony. And he just wanted him safe and sound and in his arms.
Tony sat down and before he could say anything she was already working on getting the sloppy bandages off his arm.
“Thank you,” he said softly and looked into those bright blue eyes. He had the same softness about him that he did when he had tended to Tony’s wounds when they had been alone. “Thank you, Steve.” Saying his name out loud, to his face, it felt good. He liked saying his name. How he would have loved to stay like that, look at those blue eyes, admire his perfect looks.
When they got to the house, Steve sighed in relief. Still cautious as ever, he entered through his office and in any case, that’s where Tony was. He knocked on his office door and the Dugan yelled, “come in!”
“Yessir,” he said, ducking out of the room. Falsworth watched him leave, an eyebrow raised asking a silent question, which Steve ignored and declined to answer.
“It’s okay, I get what you mean. Thank you,” Clint said, squeezing Tony’s hand one last time and then standing and going back to his mattress. “Goodnight, Tony.”
“So this is the range,” James said the next morning for Maria’s benefit because she had never been down there. He was giving the ladies their behind-the-scenes tour while Dmitri stayed upstairs to eat breakfast and Clint slept in.
He fought back the desire to move closer, to move his hand to sit dangerously far up Tony’s thigh and ask what else he wanted in the voice he knew from experience had a mean effect on men. He leaned further into the couch, licked his lips again. God he was dying to kiss Tony. It was like being denied air at this point but he kept himself composed. “Can we start now?” he asked, risking coming across as over-enthusiastic and suspicious.
“Wow, good to see you too,” Steve said, still laughing as he pulled away, putting a hand on James’ shoulder. James looked around Steve to see Tony, to whom he waved. Tony looked a lot better already, which he wasn’t expecting but was nonetheless happy for it.
Tony didn’t know when he had fallen asleep again but he woke up to the most amazing man. It was still real and he was still holding him. He blushed when Steve called him ‘love’ hiding his face in his chest and mumbling a soft, “Good morning”.
Tony rested against him unsure of what to say or what to do. Steve was warm and big and right there. His heart was beating faster but at the same time it hurt. Ever so slightly Tony leaned against Steve’s side
“And why’s that?” Pepper asked, scooting closer to Tony who hated her for saying those things, for knowing what he felt. The warmth he felt. The fuzziness in his stomach. When he closed his eyes, all he saw was
,” he explained. He sat the golden, layered cake down with a self-satisfactory smile on his face. “It’s a Russian specialty my mother taught me to make.”
Clint chuckled. “I hate that goddamn thing. It looks like it should go to space, not make espresso. Wonder how Dmitri and Dugan are,” he said, figuring that wouldn’t cost them anything if they were overheard. He doubted whoever had them knew Dmitri and Dugan’s names.
Before he could get lost in his thoughts, he remembered that Clint said something else. “Ah, yes. She wants to see me soon, so you might meet her.”
“What is this, Bakuto?” James said but he got no reply. “Hello?” he said, honestly just desperate to hear Clint again. He put the phone on speaker and looked up at Steve.
“You saw the exit?” he asked, surprised that he managed to get that much information in such a short amount of time. He repeated the numbers three more times in his mind, making sure they were in there.
James left strategizing to Steve, it was his specialty and something for which he had earned his rank during the war.
“Oh,” Clint said, the first to understand and Natalia followed quickly after him with Maria last but she nodded and smiled, walking over to link her arm with James’.
He shrugged casually, too casually. “I’ll get over it. I have to. I’d rather have you in my life than not.”
“I had an eavesdropper,” James answered. “Didn’t want to give away the surprise. I’m looking at watches but Monet has the rings for you over there.”
Steve agreed but at the same time he knew James was coming from a unique perspective. But Steve just sighed and said, “You’re right but still, you’re not an employee, Tony, you’re the man I love. I want us to have all that time too but I also want to make sure that in case we don’t—just in case—that you’re not left wondering who I even am.”
“Alright, gentlemen, let’s talk. I’ve got Commissioner Carter on the line,” he told them as they went inside, Bucky closing the door behind him.
Could it be? Were they rushing to get out because they were in trouble? Because Steve had found them? That thought gave him energy and he decided to cling to it. But what if he didn’t make it? What if they took Tony somewhere else? What if Steve gave up on finding him because he got tired of looking? Tony couldn’t take that chance.
“You,” he said, sitting down in his chair after having removed his jacket. He was still in the shirt, not planning on changing anytime soon. “Already have a job to do, don’tcha, Dugan?” He wasn’t looking up, instead he was focused on the reports Tony was placing in front of him, running the numbers through his head and comparing them to what he remembered from last month’s. He may not have been a math whiz but he had a mind like a steel trap, few things ever slipped his memory.
Tony turned to see Rhodey standing behind him looking ever so defeated and beside him a beautiful Steve Rogers in his crisp white captain’s shirt.
By the time Tony came back with the drinks, James was talking furiously with two people in white coats—the head surgeon and Steve’s usual doctor. He was angry and speaking too fast for Sarah to catch it. Her Russian wasn’t as good as Steve’s.
Clint laughed softly. “Sounds like me,” he said, dragging a hand down his face. He grabbed the rest of the spam and started eating it slowly. “You seem like a good big brother. It’s nice to see.”
She swallowed dryly, horror creeping up in her because she had just assumed that James had tailed Clint anyway, saved him from whatever this was and taken him back to his office until Natalia arrived. “I thought he was with you.”
Before Tony could hug him back, Steve was already pulling away so he simply let him. For the first time he didn’t flinch, didn’t move away, nothing. On top of opening up about his darkest feelings? Tony wouldn't have believed it if it wasn’t happening right now.
Tony listened and watched closely but there was nothing for him to do. Steve got angry easily and he was just as stubborn as James and that certainly didn’t help anyone.
Tony did as he was told, smiling at the authority that Sarah had over the two men. Tony kept looking back at Steve but also couldn’t help but notice how good James looked. He hardly seemed to fit in with them all but Steve’s words were still fresh in his mind and made him smile. Together with Sarah he prepared the chicken, peeled potatoes and chopped vegetables all according to the recipe, which Sarah surely didn’t need but made Benni feel included.
a sex life again for you.” Sam was holding back a laugh at Bucky’s bluntness. When it came to work, he respected and obeyed the hell out of Steve but as soon as they set foot outside that firehouse, they left ranks behind and no one was safe.
Tony tried his hardest not to but couldn’t help chuckling weakly at the bad joke. “An Oreo would be great. I’d prefer a proper meal,” he said, his chin resting on the palm of his hand.
Tony placed his hand on Steve’s hands that were now fists. “Look at me,” Tony said and waited for Steve to do so. “You were friends first. I’m sure you’ll work it out.” It was all he wanted to say to that. It was none of his business and he had no intention of getting involved or take anyone’s side. Both men had done too much for him and he couldn’t handle that.
Cap let go and went back to his seat, sitting slowly, taking his time about it while the kid tried to figure out the best way of getting out of there alive.
He pointed out the things he would need—first of all, the coffee machine that took the both of them to carry to the car. While they were doing that, Tony went through the things in the pantry, grabbing canned goods and herbs of all sorts, then the dried herbs that were hanging above the counter. From the storage downstairs he took a whole wheel of parmesan that was perfectly well-stored and would be even more intense in its flavor now. Falsworth came looking for him and looked at all the alcohol stored down there. Tony didn’t care for it and if the other man hadn’t seen, he wouldn’t have mentioned it either.
Stepping inside for the first time in actual months, he had expected a panic attack in all honesty but instead he had been welcomed by a familiarity and comfort so strong it almost brought tears to his eyes.
Both of their busy daytime schedules gave them all the time they needed apart from each other for alone time and they didn’t
“Tony,” Pepper started, hesitating, and then shook her head. “Thanks for a lovely day. Enjoy your vacation.”
“The guilt is eating me alive, Steve,” James said, the hand around his glass growing dangerously tight so he moved it to rest on his leg. “I can’t sleep. Clint’s noticed.”
“That happens sometimes. Hasn’t happened in a minute though.” He rubbed his face and took a deep breath. “How long was I out?”
Steve smiled and looked over at Tony. “Yeah, well, even if I hadn’t had that, Tony and his brother are the kind of people you fight to keep in your life. Even after just meeting ‘em once.” Steve put a hand on Tony’s shoulder and gave it a little squeeze, letting it drop again.
“Hm,” Steve said angrily, his hand on the table curling into a fist and making his knuckles go impossibly paler. He wouldn’t say anything in front of Pepper. Lord knows he would’ve been ashamed if anyone had broadcasted his beatings for all the world to hear.
“I understand,” she told him, moving in closer to pull him into a hug. “I’m not judging you. Hearts are fickle and complicated. I know you’re helping in the best way you can.”
“Like you could pop someone and they’d thank you,” Dugan laughed. Cap’s grin widened and he walked over to his friend, patting his shoulder.
Tony looked down at the phone on the table, the napkin it was resting on muffling the vibration. He snatched it up and then looked up at Rhodey who rolled his eyes and motioned for him to answer it.
Steve and James watched their interaction with warm smiles, going to greet each other with a hug and when they pulled back they realized that yes, Tony and Clint both looked better but
Tony filled a glass with water and placed it on the table next to Steve’s bed before taking his hand.
“I’m not one of them!” Tony nearly yelled and he would have jumped to his feet if he had the strength to do so. “Don’t insult me like that after what they’ve put me through.”
Tony closed his eyes with a smile on his lips. Was there anything better than being with the man he loved? “Before you sleep, please help me clean up. I’m not sure I can feel my legs just yet.” He knew that was playing dirty but at the same time he loved knowing that he could make Steve take care of him.
“Sure. How do you want your tea then? Burnt or extra burnt?” Steve laughed. “I will. We’ll make another trip back into Belfast at one point. I spent school time in Belfast but my summers at the cottage. It used to be my grandparents’ home.”
She didn’t even look at him, digging for something in her bag but said, “Put the knife away, pet,” and found her lip balm. She stopped and got a look at the table. “And which of you lot made this delicious looking meal?” There was a big smile on her face, her blue eyes bright and she put her bag on the counter and came to sit down with them.
While they prepared dinner, Tony thought about everything, watching the flames in the fire place dance. The warmth was comforting, but more than that he enjoyed the sounds that came from the kitchen. It was familiar and all that was missing was his Steve.
Clint got ready to stand, brushing against Tony accidentally and he felt Tony’s hand tremble. He stopped and grabbed the hand, giving it a squeeze.
Steve frowned. Of course Jones would be sad. He had played the strong person in Steve’s office when it came to Falsworth but it still hurt him. “Falsworth was his best friend,” Steve said quietly. “I don’t know what I’d do if the situation was reversed. If it was James.” He looked towards the hallway, wishing he could go across and comfort him but he knew he was bed bound for a while. “Have you eaten?”
Tony kept the letter hidden with the money under the bed. Not even his brother knew about the box there and he would keep it that way until it was finally time to go far away from there. That thought was the only thing keeping him going. The threat against Howard also helped to deal with the mood swings, yelling, and beatings. Even though things had gotten worse since his last delivery, Tony could handle it.
Bucky was the first one to speak since only Sam knew who he was but he was too confused to say anything just yet.
He leaned over and rested a hand firmly on the back of Tony’s neck, guiding him closer until Steve could kiss him. He tasted like coffee and Steve found himself sighing into it. He hadn’t been taking the time to truly appreciate kissing Tony lately. His other hand rested on Tony’s leg, squeezing gently until he finally broke the kiss, pressing one more light peck to his slightly swollen lips.
That evening he and James met earlier in the week than usual at one of their two usual spots, which were either the basement bar in Steve’s home or the bar in James’. The only other two people there Dugan and Dmitri as was always the case, Dmitri making the drinks.
He pulled back, blood running out of his nose. “You little,” was all Clint managed to read before he was hit again and this time, everything went dark.
like that I’m your first. And hopefully your only. Relationship-wise, bedroom-wise…” he trailed off, a subtle blush creeping onto his cheeks. “There’s nothing about you I would change. Does it bother you that I’m older?”
The phone rang and Natalia answered since she was closest to the phone. She didn’t speak, not wanting to even let Bakuto know she existed and was involved if she could help it. The more they kept under the radar, the better.
“Alright. I guess that settles that,” Steve said, quickly shooting James a look that James refused to give an answer to. He would talk to Steve after he had talked to Clint.
me. And while I’m glad we talked about it, we don’t have to stay on the subject now. What is it you were wanting to talk about?”
The next day it was time for Tony to meet up with Pepper. During the last few weeks of healing and spending most of his time with Steve, Clint, or Benni, Tony didn’t get to spend much time with her. Never before had he had that many people to socialize with and it was a nice change of pace.
“I didn’t wrap Steve’s gifts. I got him a book my mom read to me even though it wasn’t for children. And I got him a nice sketchbook. It’s nothing special but… I didn’t know what else to get him and I was hoping I’d still have time to get something nicer after our dinner.” Again he could feel the tears stinging in his eyes. Only this time it was even more difficult to hold them back.
He got out of bed and wrapped himself in a house robe, opening the door carefully and heading out into the hall. He was staying at James’ for the first time in years. In fact, they were all at James’. Bakuto seemed to communicate via James’ phone and no one wanted to take the risk of traveling between the two places and befalling the same fate as Tony and Clint.
“You will not kill Bakuto.” Steve opened his mouth to protest. “I get it. You want someone who put the love of your life through this shit to eat a bullet and be gone but, Steve… I want him to suffer,” James said, his voice trembling with rage that wasn’t there a moment ago.
“Had worse,” he said with a shrug that made him wince, feeling relieved that Tony was alright even though he didn’t know why. “So if you aren’t one of them, why are you here? What do they gain by keeping you here?”
Once he had finished the story he put the book back, stopped the record and fixed everything the way it was before, as if he had never been there and yet it seemed Steve followed him to his bedroom. When he chose another book and started reading it, again he couldn’t focus because he could feel Steve’s gaze on him. But there was no way Tony was doing something wrong.
“But—but where’s your candelabra? And your yamaka?” he asked, squinting as he spoke because he was about sixty-percent sure those weren’t the right words.
Tony watched and waited for the men to leave again in order not to antagonize them any further. Clint’s face was all colors of the rainbow by now and there was no need to add to that. He put his crumbled up jacket under Clint’s head and rested a hand on his shoulder. Mentally, he was already preparing to go out. Fifty left, twenty left, down thirty. Away from the river to a gas station. He could make a few calls with the change Clint had given him.
He went back to the door, lifting his knuckles to knock. If there wasn’t a problem, James would curse him out and he knew it but better safe than sorry.
Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder for a second, suddenly craving a lot more physical contact from him. Sarah let Benni tell them that he made the soup and how he learned to chop vegetables without supervision. It was very exciting for him and had increased his self-esteem.
“Tony, love.” He reached up with his free hand to wipe away the tear and then kept his hand on his cheek. “I promise. Nothing is more important to me than you and ma and Benni, alright?
“In a way, yes, but less assembling and more getting familiar with.” He lifted it and handed it to Tony to hold. “Never point that barrel anywhere but the ground if you’re not about to use it on someone, you hear me?”
James looked over at the clock. He still had some time before his next appointment but Clint was at the bar and he hadn’t heard from him yet today. He figured things must be going well for once, so he wouldn’t bother him. He did worry at times about his tendency to hover.
“Steve, when you say things like that…,” Tony trailed off, sighing happily. Suddenly he was very aware of his bony fingers and the rough skin on his hands that were covered with scars from
Steve looked at her for a long few seconds before nodding and thanking her. He brought his hands up to his face and sighed into them and it turned into a yawn.
“Steve and Stark got freaky last night but didn’t arrange a second date,” Bucky explained and Steve blushed a deep crimson. Sam laughed, shaking his head and going over to start a pot of oatmeal.
When he was somewhat cleaner and had eaten all he could manage of a meal, James turned to Clint and asked, “Do you still want to see him?” Clint nodded again. “Would you mind asking Steve if that’s alright?”
“Clint,” James breathed, the word almost a gasp. He was interrupted midway through by Clint’s repeated “Hello?”
Steve chuckled. “Don’t worry about it, she was just happy you got some more rest.” Steve stood, the chair hurting his back, and he moved to lean against the wall. Again, slightly on purpose to put more distance between him and Tony.
Tony blinked, not completely understanding the words that were coming out of her mouth. He clearly saw her moving her lips but the words didn’t make sense, did they?
With his clothes on his arm Tony walked over to Steve and put his free hand on his shoulder to make him turn around. “I really
“I keep forgetting how bad you are with surprises.” James smirked, flipping the top edge of his paper down to look at Clint, one eyebrow raised and Clint rolled his eyes.
Steve glanced around. “I’d say a good portion of them. Some are just maps, so I skimmed them. The ones on the desk at the back I’m currently reading,” he told him, pointing to the stack of five books. “But I’d like to get through all of them some day. See anything you’d like to have in your own room?”
“Can you tell me what happened? Did you bring me here?” He asked slowly. He had a right to know, didn’t he? Then why did it feel wrong to ask?
Natalia hummed in agreement, nodding her head. Dmitri had made his way to the other end of the bar at some point and managed to wedge himself in between Sam Wilson and another man James did not recognize but with whom Dmitri seemed quite comfortable.
“Very true. I’m hoping the whole ‘wrong window’ thing will eventually be behind me,” Tony said, picking up the menu despite having already checked online two days ago and known since then exactly what he would be having. “Maybe I could instead just be known as the awesome stranger who brought donuts.”
Tony’s eyebrows arched. “Oh, you like that, huh? Ready for orders,” he added in a low tone, having caught on to what it did to Steve.
Steve watched Tony, assessing his reaction to everything. He seemed pleased. Steve could only hope. He knew it was more than he’d had before but maybe he preferred the smaller, simpler life.
Steve had given him the keys he had taken the last time when he went there to pick up Benni and Tony’s things. There was no need to go back up there. Only the pantry, maybe storage downstairs and the store. Not more. Not less. And he wasn’t alone either. It was just a building. One that stood half empty without them there. Dark and cold, the blinds down, doors locked. Nothing to worry about. Nothing to fear.
He was shaking his head like he couldn’t quite understand as he said, “Bother me? Tony, never. Granted, I was having a… time there the last couple days but you don’t
“I haven’t spent much time around Steve, but if he’s anything like James, you can be sure he found them,” Clint said, confident in that knowledge. “Never had it.” He sighed. “I’d give anything to see James too. Even just once. Him and Natalia. She was supposed to meet me that morning…
He rolled on his side to look at Steve through heavily lidded eyes. When Steve was in a bad mood or lost in thought, his eyes looked much darker but right now, as he was still coming down and adoring Tony next to him, his eyes were bright. “Are you feeling better now?”
“James and I tended to some business and then we got a drink at Clint’s bar and it was… long overdue. We talked, got some things off our chests. Things that, love, I want to tell you but not tonight. Or at least, not all of it.”
“Love you too,” he replied, his eyes still closed while enjoying the small touches. “Nothing, thanks.” His last errand before he would be his for who knew how long. “I’ll make a chocolate cake for Benni as a going away present. Maybe see if you can find some strawberries for your mom?”
“You give fair chances.” He knew that his father had been kept in a prison not unlike his own the past few weeks. He had been starved, kept awake just like his father had been back then. “What he did, he did out of greed. You’re not a greedy man, Steve.”
The doctors wanted to keep Clint at the hospital for another two days just to monitor his leg and make sure that the bone was setting correctly. Clint was going out of his mind in his hospital bed, sick of the fluorescent lighting and the perpetual smell of chemicals. He was tired of not being able to go to the bathroom on his own and he was ready for a proper bath and a shave. He was also tired of the nightmares and the unpredictable moments where this deep sense of impending doom would overtake him and leave him spaced out and hyperventilating.
“Of course I am,” Tony said, feeling dangerously heavy. He couldn’t fall asleep. “Let me check on Dugan and Jones real quick.” He got up and headed out of the room. The other men were up and eating when Tony came in.
“Not right now.” He shrugged and caressed his cheek softly. “Don’t worry about me. I’m helping around.”
He glanced through the window in the doorway and out into the heart of the bar. It was quite full for a weekday evening, people gathered around booths and crowding the bar. At the end of the counter closest to the door sat Natalia in the place James normally occupied.
James is gone. Steve plays the piano. Tony hears the music. Even mob bosses need hugs. Pepper teaches Tony some life truths.
She sighed loudly and then stepped back to allow Tony his moment as well. Sam came to see Rhodey too, after Steve and Bucky he was the teammate he was the closest to, but he waited by the door.
After breakfast on Saturday Tony and Benni got dressed to go out. Steve was gone, his bedroom door closed, so he decided to leave him a note in front of his door, saying: “Out with Benni and Pepper. Will be back in the afternoon -TS.” Why he put his initials there, he didn’t know. Wasn’t like Benni or Sarah would leave him that kind of note but there was no changing it now.
He sat up, debating whether he should just lay down and force himself to sleep or call it a night and try again tomorrow. It was nearing four in the morning if he was seeing the clock on the wall correctly.
“Hello,” he greeted them with a content smile. The cold air they let in made Tony flinch and move away to where he wouldn’t feel it. He waited for them to come inside and for the door to be closed before he went to hug Clint. “You look so much better than yesterday,” he told him quietly, rubbing his shoulders. “I’m so glad you decided to st—that dog is much bigger than I expected it to be.” Tony moved to stand behind Clint, not trusting the unknown animal.
Tony welcomed him home and that struck a chord in Steve. Even if he hadn’t meant it that way it was something wonderful to hear him say ‘home’. When he looked away, Steve shot his mother a look who shrugged and stretched, standing up and announcing that she would be turning in for the night.
On the far end underneath the windows was a big wooden desk and behind that a record player and a stand full of records.
“I’m right here and you know it,” he said comfortingly because he knew where that fear came from. How many times had Tony turned down Benni and spending time with him over wounds that he needed to take care of? Or errands he had to run? Clothes to stitch up? “Nothing happened to me and nothing will happen to you either,” he promised his little brother, still hugging him tightly.
soft. While James seemed to relax, Clint was even more attentive to every little detail about the man he loved.
Tony was shaky on his legs, unable to let go of the pieces until Sarah slowly unwrapped one finger after the other and got them out of his hand.
Instead he said, “Jimmy’s a good cook, huh?” Hoping against hope that Tony would get what he was trying to say and understand about whom he was saying it.
Hearing Tony say those words was like Christmas and every other holiday and happy moment Steve had ever had in his life all bundled up into five words. He kissed him back, never able to get enough of the taste he’d been craving for months.
“You’re welcome,” he whispered softly. “Would it bother you if I stayed the night? Just staying here with you.”
Without warning Steve started playing the melody with his right hand. Tony was so focused on his own notes and staying in the right rhythm, he didn’t even try to recognize the song. Just when he thought that he had the hang of it and he could try and identify what Steve was playing, his fingers slipped and he played the wrong note. Immediately his hands started trembling and he froze in place.
“You scared me!” Tony whisper-yelled. For a second he was sure he was back in his old home and his father would be behind him. The broken glass would have been enough for him to lash out.
“You were mocking your captain too. And you know, some drills could be good for you. Go join the others,” Bucky told them and they grumbled but headed outside.
Bucky chuckled from where he was leaning against the kitchen counter eating an apple and keeping out of the latest episode of Captain Rogers’ Sex Life. Sure he pestered Steve about it all the time but
He took a bite of his bread roll and said, “Let’s wait a night. We’ll try it tomorrow. That way we give James and Steve another day,” Clint said, hoping it would ease Tony’s worries at least a little, “and I’ve already agitated them enough for one day.”
“Maybe you’ll see it one day.” Clint leaned his head back, staring up at the ceiling, feeling relaxed. “Oh yeah? Sarah’s great. Really like her,” he said. “Nat’s told me some about him too. Apparently, they got along really well and she, in my opinion, is scarier than James. I still haven’t met your brother. Not properly.”
James laughed, reaching over to pull Clint’s face closer to kiss him slowly, James feeling himself relax and sink into the bed.
they talked but he couldn’t hear a single word. Even when they came to him and were obviously speaking to him he couldn’t hear a word.
After he had hung up, he thought about giving Mr Rogers a call, seeing as Howard had left earlier. Having a way with numbers, Tony had memorized it from the piece of paper and called it.
Not seeing Steve on a daily basis was probably the weirdest thing now in his new life for Tony. Especially since their talk about the things Steve knew and understood. James was nowhere to be seen either and Sarah had more than enough on her own plate. So Tony did what he could do best: Focus on Benni and shove his own feelings aside to deal with any other time that wasn’t right then. Benni was very sad that he didn’t get to spend time with Steve even though Sarah and Tony tried to make up for it.
The small window was up too high for Tony to reach or look out from. The door was locked and even if it wasn’t, there probably wasn’t anywhere for him to go, which also meant that he would have to make peace with his current situation. There was no way that Steve wasn’t already looking for him. It was only a matter of time before he got Tony out of wherever he was.
?” He said while not breaking eye contact with Steve and taking a deep breath before continuing. “Then maybe we should make it a daily appointment. You and me sitting down to talk?”
“I’d say ‘same’ but James is the light sleeper out of the two of us,” Clint said, a soft smile on his lips. “I have a lot of bad nights too and he always pulls me in tight, nuzzles his nose against my neck.” He laughed. “That little combo and boom! I’m sleeping like a baby.”
“Oh dear lord,” Tony gasped quietly, his gaze glued to Steve’s abdomen and the v-shape that was visible because of the pants shifting more. The small hairs leading from his belly button further down were darker. What was he supposed to do with that information?
“Last I recall you told me no when I proposed,” James teased, poking his side, and Clint turned his face so he could look up at him.
Steve, still smiling and feeling a surge in confidence, admitted, “I like you, Tony. A lot. Probably more than I should after just two dates.”
His eyes opened again—big brown doe eyes—and he looked at Steve in confusion, processing slowly. He seemed hungover and very tired, dark circles under his eyes and he squinted as he glanced around himself. After a moment of scanning the apartment, it seemed to finally hit him that he wasn’t where he should be.
Steve was surprised when Tony made his way into his lap but he adjusted quickly, holding him while Tony reassured him of the humanity he often felt he’d lost.
“Never. Where he is, no one has ever left unless they were in a body bag,” James said, a viciousness underlining his tone that gave Clint confidence.
“No need to apologize. I should’ve known better than to do something like that after waking you the other day,” he said, keeping the conversation away from that afternoon. He watched Tony, his hands, his eyes, the way he held his shoulders and how he sat. Even the distance he had put between himself and Steve.
Tony’s first instinct was to move away but after only a few seconds he convinced his body to stay where he was. “I’m... fine,” he said, breathless as looked at Steve. He wanted him. And he was right there. “It’s alright,” he told him again.
When Benni came rushing back without saying a word, Sarah and Steve were on their feet immediately and came out into the hallway, watching Tony run off to him. Sarah followed but kept her distance, staying at the top of the stairs in case she was wanted.
“No, of course not. I was just wondering. It’s not like we ever discussed it.” Not like they really had much reason to either since they wouldn’t be needing to choose someone to officiate a wedding or somewhere to have it.
“Thank you,” Steve said, standing outside the room now as a few of James’ men wheeled in a gurney to take the body to the morgue and schedule it for cremation.
“Wouldn’t have it any other way. He also said he’d marry me if that was possible. So...“ He trailed off, making it sound like it wasn’t a big deal. Pepper clearly wanted to react to it.
“I’m not so sure I’ll be able to honor that promise not to kill the son of a bitch,” Steve said through gritted teeth.
He kept how he was feeling about the whole situation to himself. He didn’t want Tony to choose one way or the other based on how he felt, on what Steve wanted. He wanted him to know—or at least
Since that day Tony only ever took the dog tags off when he was taking a shower. More and more frequently he found himself fidgeting with the tags when he was deep in thought or trying to focus on something. It was his very own piece of Steve and that was what made it so incredibly special.
Steve was breathing hard, his hands shaking but he wasn’t sure from what. Tony was holding him by his wrists tightly, more strength in those hands than Steve expected.
The annual meeting of all the bosses in the city had taken place earlier in the year as it always did on the last Monday in March. With Bakuto dead, conversation took a slightly different turn from the usual discussion of their booming business and any disturbances that needed to be taken care of. Instead, the table was quieter than usual and James and Steve had been under no illusion that it was for any reason other than the fact that they had killed someone who formerly sat at the table and didn’t have a scratch on themselves with which to tell the tale.
Sorry for the delay, Im95notdead (me) was traveling and unable to edit and post but to make up for it, please enjoy this 10k+ chapter.
As he came out, Tony was stood there, loyal as ever, waiting on him and he wrapped his arms around him and helped him back to bed. He thanked him and apologized and Tony said it was no big deal like he always did and that only made Steve feel worse being for an asshole, so he got in bed and started reading again. Or rather, staring at the same page and pretending to flip for two hours, deep in his head thinking about other things.
Once they had counted everyone invited to Thanksgiving and had calculated just how much of everything they were going to need, Sarah and Tony headed out to place orders for next week’s festive occasion. Of course Benni, Dugan, and Jones came with them too.
“That sounds like a grand time! Here,” Sarah said, reaching around to her purse and pulling out money for them. She held it out for Tony to take. Steve watched, wondering if Tony would tell her it was too much or simply refuse to take it.
“Did you have a good time, pet?” Sarah greeted them in the living room and Benni told  her about his new friends and the new words he learned from them. “What ‘bout you,
“I never expected that. Ever. He and I used to sit around telling lil Ben how great ya are. How much we admire you. Falsworth always had the best stories so for him to turn around and—” Jones looked away, biting his tongue. It had slipped Steve’s memory that Falsworth was Jones’ best friend.
“Thank you for calling me,” James added before he left because he knew it could not have been easy to pick up the phone and dial that number. He actually wondered how he had even managed to get it with Clint incapacitated as he was.
“I just learned that my boss isn’t coming in. Guess I’m having me an off day too,” he said with a grin.
Some time later they got to the cinema and walked right in without having to wait in line. The same thing happened when they were getting snacks and the man who assigned the seats gave them the best ones in the showroom.
His breathing sped up and he felt hot and cold at the same time. Was the room spinning? Or was it him? Tony couldn’t tell.
Steve laughed but covered it with a cough and said, “I did have some photos of Ballycastle I could show you. They’re in my desk drawer. In our room.”
Clint was more used to silence with Tony present now. It didn’t feel as consuming. It was almost comforting. Occasionally Tony would nudge him so Clint could look up and they would talk but he wasn’t really the type to ask questions even when Clint could see that he very clearly wanted to. Clint normally just moved on to a different topic unless he really wanted to answer the unspoken question.
“Every time Clint so much as winces… I can’t help but feel like I personally put those wounds on his body. It’s my fault they’re there and—“
When Steve was angry, just riled up from a show of disrespect or someone outright stealing from him, reason went out the window and he was all action and no talk. When it came to those he loved being in danger, however, suddenly he learned the value of careful planning and after feeling the devastation of finding the first location only to miss Tony by minutes? Well, it was safe to say he wasn’t taking any chances on that happening again.
“You and James can both be in my class. He’s still learning too,” Clint said, stage-whispering as if James couldn’t hear. “He’s
When the meeting was over, it was almost midnight and the six most powerful and dangerous people on the east coast all left the same place and headed to their respective territories. Some happier when they left, others—mainly Don Fisk—frustrated.
Steve rubbed their hips together, the best friction on the planet, and he moaned against Tony’s chest. He grabbed the bottle of oil and then put it back down, deciding that as much as he wanted this, he would take the time to explain to Tony what was going to happen.
“Tony?” Steve asked and Tony turned his attention back to Steve who was looking at him intensely. “Are you sure?”
Slowly he went to the bed and sure enough he could see Steve sleeping on top of the duvet, illuminated by the dim lights coming from outside. As quietly and slowly as possible Tony pulled the duvet away from under Steve, which was a task in itself. Next he repeated the process with his blanket. Luckily Steve didn’t wake up easily and Tony could tell the signs of his sleeping phases by now.
Phil did as he was told, moving swiftly over to the side of the desk where James sat and making a point of not making eye contact with Steve. Phil was not an easily scared man but if he thought too hard about being in a room alone with two of New York’s deadliest men, it didn’t do wonders for his nerves.
Rhodey smiled and then clapped a hand onto Steve’s back, patting it a few times. “Well, have you tried asking him?”
From where Tony was sitting he looked at Steve, his brows furrowed, feeling more frustrated than he cared to admit. “What is? The fake account for me to notice? Some kind of test to see how long it would take me?”
Steve stared into Tony’s eyes, searching, trying to understand what was going on in his head. “Don’t leave.”
Back at home and in a familiar setting he knew to be safe, Clint improved but only marginally. His mobility was extremely limited. For the most part, he used crutches. They were bulky and hard to get used to at first but he was getting the hang of them. Going up and down the stairs was his biggest issue. Thankfully, there was a bathroom on the ground floor but getting to bed every night and down in the morning was a feat usually done with a lot of swearing and self-deprecation.
“Like you said, it’s barely nine-thirty, why should I start making lunch now?” She responded, pulling his ear playfully as she passed him.
“Usually you don’t announce that you have a surprise for someone,” Sarah said with a smile. “Well, let’s get you to your surprise.”
“No clue. But today is really, really fucking awful so probably Monday and I’d guess we’re entering late December. Why?”
“You can ask Rhodes. He was there,” Steve said, wiping the corner of his mouth with his napkin. “Now your turn. Tell me more about you.”
“Did he seem… uncomfortable this morning?” Steve asked her. She thought back and then shook her head.
“I know,” Steve said and then, “Of course. Anything that helps. You know I could sleep through a hurricane.” He grinned, placing a sweet kiss right between Tony’s eyebrows. He hugged him again and repeated, “Anything you want, love.”
Steve chuckled. “So I’ve been told. It’s skittish, though.” He looked over at Clint and then flat out said, “I’m sorry. You’re a guest in my home and I haven’t been very welcoming.”
Despite knowing better, Tony flinched at the unexpected touch. It took him only seconds to realize that it was Steve and that he wasn’t in any kind of danger but his initial reaction and reflex bothered him.
He lowered his arm and reached out for the trays of food, pulling them over to himself and Tony. The water still sat where they left it.
Something about the way Steve stressed being the biggest brother was making Tony feel better. So he didn’t agree with that either? Shortly after Steve, Tony decided to get ready for the day as well.
It was almost an hour later that Steve rolled away from Tony, breathless, exhausted, sore and his wounds just a little achy.
“We don’t have to go, you know,” James said, his voice softer. “We can stay here. I’m guessing it’s been a while since you were with someone who knows what they’re doing.” He moved closer, close enough that he could feel Steve’s shaky exhale on his stomach.
Mr Cage gave her a look and laughed. “People want what’s available to them closeby regardless of what it is. If it makes ‘em forget whatever shit they saw in the war, they’ll eat it up like it’s chocolate.”
,” Benni mumbled, his voice even lower. Tony crouched down and opened his arms and Benni came rushing to hug his brother, gently rubbing his back.
“Yes, but also,” Tony began, finally looking up and those beautiful brown eyes were no less disarming to Steve now than they were in the beginning, “there’s a one bedroom for rent in my apartment building. The previous tenants just moved to the west coast so, you know…”
right even if Sam and I don’t have a clue what the hell it is,” Bucky continued, ever his gruff self.
Others joined in on punishing Tony for his attempted escape and when they were done he was barely conscious.
For the second time that night he thought back to half-naked Steve in his bed and Tony had to adjust himself on the couch, his blood going places. And if that happened already and he couldn’t keep his mind from going to those kind of things, how was he supposed to continue being friends with Steve? That thought scared him. At least it helped to clear his mind of those other thoughts.
The way Steve explained these things to him made it easier to understand and accept them. Nothing he said was an instant solution for anything, of that he was well aware. However, it was also more than Tony had before —people he could talk to, who would listen because they knew what he was going through and who also knew what he needed.
“Steve and I have some work related things to discuss but we’ll be downstairs if either of you need anything,” James told him, leaning in for a kiss that Clint denied, turning his face to offer his cheek instead of his lips. “Alright. See you in a bit,
Hospital breakfast was nothing he actually wanted to eat after weeks of dry, tasteless food but Sarah’s rich and colorful soup full of vegetables and
“You look like ya seen a ghost,” Pepper joked, stealing a marshmallow from Tony’s untouched hot cocoa. “Does it bother ya not to be the big brother anymore?”
“Pepper. She gave Benni the invitation the other day. It’s all official and planned out.” He hummed, pressing another kiss on Steve’s head. “Is Dugan serious with his bird?”
From what they could see the room was dark, small. Tony’s was different to Clint’s. Clint’s was concrete, only a tiny window at the very top of the wall for ventilation and light. Tony’s was tiled, likely even colder but with a larger window that was still out of his reach.
Dugan shook his head. “His lackey didn’t know, Cap.” He looked at Steve and then sat in the chair across from his desk. “I know I’m not your first choice but, uh, wanna talk about it?”
“Steve, my darling,” he said, moving towards him but Dugan put himself between them. Jones and Falsworth stood guard outside. They knew something was up but exactly what they weren’t keyed into.
One night it was especially bad. So bad, he decided to walk around in the darkness, hoping that would make it easier for him to find rest again. It was then that he heard the piano. At first he thought that this was it. He was finally going mad, hearing things that weren’t there, but the music continued steadily. Tony followed it to its source and was surprised to find himself in front of the study. Gently he opened the door and closed it right behind him, not wanting to wake Benni or Sarah. He rested against the door with his back and listened to the music.
Tony threw the weapon at them, which did nothing to intimidate them, of course. Without paying any attention to the man he had shot, who was now lying face down in the snow, they grabbed Tony. No matter how much he kicked and thrashed, there was no getting out of this one.
he said between a smile and a sigh, “I just get scared. Not because I don’t trust you. I don’t mean to upset you.” He knew Steve wasn’t being mean about it but at the same time it felt like that was exactly what was happening. “Just tell me this: did I pack enough or are you planning to buy clothes over there?”
“And just for the record, I know you love me. I do. I don’t doubt that. I don’t think anyone does or could doubt that.” Steve smiled and leaned in to press a quick kiss to his lips. “And I love you.”
of course we don’t have to do it. It was only a suggestion,” Sarah added. “You could always think on it for a bit first, if you’d like.”
“What if we don’t find them for another month? What if the locations we have… what if none of them pan out?” James was nervous and worried but he wasn’t panicking, he was just making them both face the harsh reality that could very well be the truth.
Dmitri said, and James snapped out of his thoughts and his worries about Clint and looked up at Dmitri, feeling somewhat distant and disconnected from the present moment. After a gentle shake of his head, he felt a bit clearer and nodded.
“It’s like that with Steve and me. Only that we’re both men.” He waited for a reaction to that but Benni just blinked at him, expecting more. “Do you understand that?”
Benni visited every now and then but he didn’t like seeing Tony in a hospital bed, which was understandable. James checked in from time to time, especially when he was free and Steve was not. Dugan had even bought him a little teddy bear with the word ‘brave’ on its tiny white t-shirt.
They sat down on the couch in front of the windows and looked out for a minute, watching people and cars.
James took his plate and then Clint’s, pouring them some wine. Clint watched James slide his hand under Clint’s thigh, very confused, until he lifted Clint’s leg and rested it on top of his own, elevating his foot. It felt so much better and Clint relaxed, earning himself a satisfied, chaste kiss from James.
Steve wanted to pull him all the way in his lap and cuddle him to his chest. To press kisses into his hair and wipe away any sign of tears. He wanted to rock him and sing to him until he fell asleep in his arms.
Usually, the first sign when it came to Clint was a shift from hyperverbal to nonverbal, like now, and the unusual level of clinginess. James had figured out early on that Clint was clingy—and James for the first time in his life had also experienced the sensation when it came to Clint—but on bad days, the clinginess was taken to the next level.
So Natalia had explained that a material gift was fine but a sentimental one was better. Something with a large amount of love rather than a large amount of zeros. And if it was both, that was fine too but the most important part was that there was reason and emotion and love behind it.
That holiday away with Tony somewhere remote was sounding nicer and nicer as the day dragged on. He couldn’t believe this morning he had approached Clint at the diner. It felt like the day had dragged on for a week.
“When will you understand that I don’t go around telling people your secrets? I’m your friend, get that in that thick head of yours, you hear me?” She let go of his hand and grabbed his milkshake, drinking it herself. There was a tense silence between them for a minute. Or maybe Tony was imagining it. He really hoped he was imagining it. “What’s your problem, Tony? Your ma helped Tommy and you were his friend or did that change when you found out?”
“I thought this was a bit extravagant for your living room,” Natalia laughed. “And where exactly would you have us go?”
Steve started out trying to make peace for what he had done but being the stubborn man that he was talking to an equally stubborn man, that didn’t last long and soon they were both snapping at each other.
“You came home just now?” Tony asked looking for his watch but unable to find it. Then the rest of Steve’s words registered. “If you’re still worrying about the boxing, it’s fine,” he said, not sure why else Steve would check on him while he was sleeping. “I’m not entirely helpless, you know that, eh?”
“He said he didn’t want to go back to our home. Something must have scared him, I guess.” Tony gently pulled his brother in his arms. “I’ve tried to keep him as safe as I could. I really did. But I didn’t realize he still got hurt this bad,” he mumbled.
“Tony’s in the living room if you’d like to go see him,” Steve told Clint, feeling bad about making Clint react like that.
“Because I’d prefer you weren’t cold,” James answered simply. “And,” he added, nudging Clint’s cast with his foot, “ideally I’d prefer you without this.”
Steve whined, not ready to let go of Tony. “No, come on,” he complained. “Tony.” Rational Steve would’ve known it wasn’t a rejection but a protection. Doped up on morphine Steve couldn’t really tell the difference and it hit him like a punch to the gut. Everything mixed together, all his bad thoughts and feelings.
He could only imagine what Tony thought of him and he waited for the younger man to move away in disgust, in horror, in fear, as Steve nodded and said, “And James.”
Tony got distracted when he caught a glimpse of Steve standing near the table and saying something that made everyone laugh. “Look at him. I love him so much.” He was speaking more to himself. Sometimes his feelings for Steve overwhelmed him but in a positive way. “The offer stands. If you want to, then just come over,” Tony said, slowly unwrapping himself from the blanket and getting up to go over to Steve and hug him from behind.
“Come eat,” she said simply and it was most definitely a command, not a suggestion. He sighed and pushed himself up, moving to sit on the side of his bed and drag a hand down his tired face.
Tony came not long after into Steve’s mouth and he didn’t waste a single bit of it, swallowing in earnest, unthinkingly slapping Tony’s thigh which only made Tony push into Steve’s mouth one more time.
Steve removed his hat and ran a hand over his hair to smooth it down. He looked around the room and then said, “I’m here to see Monet St. Croix. She’s expecting me.”
When Steve came in, the humiliation was overwhelming and he scrambled for an answer that seemed less pathetic and personal. He wasn’t sure if the pain or the humiliation brought on the tears but he fought like hell to hold them back.
He looked tired, Clint realized. His normally bright, grey eyes seemed dimmer, dark circles underneath them. The lines on his face seemed more pronounced, particularly around his mouth and Clint could see the way his smile ended in a slight downward tug.
“Hmmm, thirty minutes is plenty of time if you want,” Tony said in a rather suggestive tone, knowing well what it did to Steve.
Steve dusted out the drawers upstairs and unpacked a few of their things, just enough to find the change of clothes he was looking for. He shrugged out of his suit jacket, waistcoat, and button-up. He removed his suit pants and instead changed into a softer material trouser and a simple white tee shirt. They were away from everyone and living the simple life, he needn’t be dressed up.
“I just don’t want to miss it,” he said and it was the truth. But there was no need to worry. “When is yours?” He asked after hesitating for a moment.
“I don’t see why we would leave it,” Steve replied, although figuring that it was a rhetorical statement. He brought the cake over nearer to the plates Tony had taken out along with a knife. “Shall I?”
Clint chuckled, putting his arm back and zoning out again, only to be interrupted by footsteps coming down the stairs and it shouldn’t have bothered him but it did. He tensed despite knowing that he was safe and no one dangerous was coming.
It still helped to actually see Steve lying in his bed, even if he looked pale. He would recover. Sarah kept holding onto Tony until they stood right next to Steve’s bed. Quickly Tony got her a chair so she could sit down, holding Steve’s hand and speaking in Gaelic to him. Tony grabbed the chart to see exactly what had been done to Steve and took the information all in.
It was the weekend and Tony didn’t know what to do with himself. It was his first day in his new home, he didn’t have to work, there were no chores for him to do, and it frightened him. He was on edge, feeling like he was forgetting things, like any moment now Howard would come and yell at him, tell him about the things he should have gotten done, but no such thing happened.
“Howard, my father, twisted my arm behind my back. He hurt my wrist pretty bad. The swelling is down but it hurts,” Tony explained and as soon as he was done speaking he looked at a spot on the desk instead. He didn’t give unnecessary details, thinking they weren’t exactly important. “If you’re angry I brought her with me, I’m sorry. I didn’t want to cancel your order because of this.”
“It’ll be the one downside to having him here,” Steve said, pointing to James, “it’s easy to fall into work. Sorry, love.”
“I would not,” he said, smiling again, and Clint felt some tightening in his chest release as the smile touched his eyes.
Steve pulled back, an eyebrow raised in curious surprise. He glanced down and then back up at Tony, chuckling, his cheeks red. He was smirking when he spoke. “I… was unaware I had such a profound affect on you.” He let go of him and sat back, giving him the option to stand if he wanted.
James came over and took the piece of paper from her, scanning over it and then handing it to Steve who plotted the location based on the address in the phone book.
Steve glanced up at the clock. “Should be coming out of surgery. His leg was in worse shape than we thought but he should be fine. James is with him.”
“I-I’m—oh god, I’m so sorry!” He quickly crouched down and started collecting the shards, not noticing that he was cutting his hands as he formed a fist around them.
“What if that makes everything worse for them and for us?” he whispered and shook his head. “If we get caught, they might kill us. Even if we escape, where would we go? It’s freezing outside and we have no clothes nor money.” He kept on whispering since it made no difference to Clint.
When he opened his eyes, the first face he saw was Tony’s. Tony was asleep in the chair beside him, his head rested on Steve’s bed, pillowed on top of his folded arms.
“It’s weird to think that. I like him too though, he’s reliable.” He opened his eyes again so he wouldn’t fall asleep by accident. “Sarah and my brother did. She’s teaching him to cook and bake. It gives him confidence when he makes something. He has a thousand stories about Natalia now too, by the way.”
Tony hummed in confirmation and finally sat up straight so he could eat some of his dinner. Benni started to warm up to Clint after he complimented the soup and they began a simple conversation.
The music was still playing in the background, ‘Dream a Little Dream of Me’ filling the room and boosting Steve’s confidence. Plus, overcome with jealousy, he wanted to make Tony forget about Pepper. Tony was
Sam looked over at Steve and just shook his head. “Come on, man. You’re just denying fate at this point.”
Tony closed his eyes, forcing himself to slow his breathing down before answering. “Quiet?” he asked, his breath still hitching. “It’s too much,” he whispered.
“There must be a good reason why they’re risking it all, right? If they’re willing to take that risk nothing else matters,” he said with a shrug. “It doesn’t change anything for me. Steve’s still Steve and James is James.”
He sat up, looking down at Tony’s beautiful body, leaning forward to run his hands over it before he spoke. He explained to Tony exactly what he was about to do and Tony nodded weakly. Steve smirked and grabbed the oil again, dousing his hand. He went slowly, just one finger to start and Tony gasped.
Steve just wanted to crawl in bed but he ate because he knew he was hungry and because it would make Tony happy.
“You enjoying this?” Dugan asked him as James led the way to the staircase that went to Loki’s bedroom.
At home, James led him upstairs and helped him change into warm, comfortable clothes. The fact that Clint didn’t swat him away or crack a joke about getting him naked worried James more than anything else. He simply lifted his arms when James pulled on his sweater and silently did as he was asked, his eyes focused on the floor. James carefully checked Clint’s cast and Clint didn’t even react when he gently moved his leg. Either that meant it really was almost healed or Clint had completely zoned out.
“Oh, I like the sound of that,” Steve said to James and then he laughed. “I’m sorry are you begging? Do you want us to not hurt your sorry arse?”
The man sighed and squinted up at Steve, digging through his jacket pockets until he found his sunglasses and slipped them on. “That’s so much better. I’m so hungover,” he whined, looking around. “Nice place.”
Steve chewed his lip, unsure, and then settled for complete truths. “This means that the four people in that house with you—Dmitri included—and Dugan are the only ones I can trust. For all the others right now, some I’m unsure where their loyalties lie and for others… I’m a walking target.” He inhaled deeply through his nose. “I’ll fight every last one of ‘em.”
Steve sighed in relief. So Jones was still one of the good ones. Alright. He could deal with that. He might’ve lost his sniper, but he still had his strategist/interrogator and weapons specialist on his side.
James moved and stood next to Sarah’s chair, resting his hands on her shoulders. Tony got up and offered him his seat. He’d be better at comforting Sarah than Tony seeing as he was closer to the both of them, more experienced in every way and just because he was James.
Clint raised an arm to rest over James’, tapping it and James raised his head enough to see Clint sign ‘are you okay?’
He leaned into the warm touch and smiled softly. It was foolish of him to think that this day would never come. Steve would be fine and in no time at all they would be home together again.
to, Cap. Let us.” Steve gave him a look but Jones waved it away with a laugh. “You don’t scare me, Cap. I just pretend you do for the sake of the underlings.” Steve couldn’t help his grin. Jones turned to leave and then said, “oh and I heard from Dugan about you and the lad. You scare me even less now.”
Tony stayed silent for a minute, watching Dugan eat. “Dugan?” He asked and found it difficult to say something. “Do you... is it over?”
“He’s a great nap buddy. Just a little bit better than you, I would say,” Clint told Tony with a smile, looking up when he noticed movement to see James and Steve coming into the room. James was wearing the sweater Clint bought him. “Hey, sweetheart, lookin’ good.”
The door closed and James was left in the room with Dmitri and Monet. Steve had made his purchase for Tony and left but James still had some decisions to make.
Once in the library she sat down and patted the spot next to her, making Tony think about how similar Steve was to her. He sat down next to her, still trying to think of what could have upset her.
The warmth in his chest spread through his whole body, making him smile. And that was all he could feel or think.
“Is there no other way to narrow it down?” Natalia asked, coming over with a mug of tea. She handed James a bread roll. It was still warm, freshly baked by Sarah. “Eat,” she told him firmly in Russian and he hesitated but then took it and bit it, chewing stubbornly. She didn’t bother with Steve because Sarah had finally forced him to have a meal but James had managed to excuse himself, reasoning that he had a lead to follow up on.
“You’re not fucked up, Steve,” he whispered softly. There were so many things Tony was scared of—hurting Steve physically while holding him, not being what he needed emotionally and maybe really not being up to the task of taking care of Steve—but he took a deep breath and moved to sit down next to Steve and hold him in a more comfortable way while he cried. He wouldn’t allow Steve to push him away when he needed Tony the most.
The drive back was fun. They were loud and more than a little tipsy from all the alcohol, though they had kept up appearances of perfect sobriety until Dmitri closed the door and pulled away from the restaurant. As soon as they had turned the corner, the first round of laughter happened. They weren’t even sure why.
Clint waited, not sure where this was going. He finished the rest of his milk and Lucky huffed, going back to sleep.
Clint didn’t dwell on Tony’s mention of his sister. He had talked about her before briefly but it didn’t seem like a topic he wanted to delve deeper into. “Well, a friend of Tony’s, is a friend of mine,” he said easily, drinking his coffee.
Maybe it had been the way Mr Delmonico had paled when James told him his wine selection needed improvement. Maybe it was the way the valet had bowed so low to James that his top hat had nearly fallen off. Or maybe it was just the effect of good company, good food, and an all too uncommon feeling of being safe to be exactly as you were.
Dmitri and Dugan immediately excused themselves but Natalia stayed, which James had been expecting. Sarah entered the room but Benni was upstairs asleep. She had ushered him out of the living room taking a back way the moment she had seen her boys come back covered in blood.
“Look at him. He’s so excited about his show,” Tony sighed happily and shook his head before getting up to clear the table. He didn’t even have to think about where the cutlery went or from which cabinet to get the small plates. The familiarity was what he loved the most about their home. “I hope we’ll always stay in this house.” He was speaking more to himself than Steve.
“That depends on a lot of factors.” Tony decided to stay as vague as he could but still answer the questions he was asked. “My mom used to run the deli, he did the heavy lifting. Now it's mostly me and Pepper.”
Tony looked over the receipts that Dugan had brought and frowned. There it was again. Plus a note from Dugan saying he had no information about the account either and only did it because Steve told him to do so.
“Sorry,” Clint said, leaning against the doorframe to support his weight and get it off his foot. He would stay where he was until it seemed alright to come closer. “No, it’s just… you know, bad dreams. Thought I’d treat myself.” He lifted the glass of milk and shook it gently. “What about you?”
Phones in cars were probably one of James’ favorite inventions. He quickly dialed the number for the bar, waiting with bated breath as he was connected and for someone to pick up.
“Steve, you’re scaring me. What’s going on?” he asked, his voice shaking. Not because he didn’t trust Steve and his ability to keep him safe but because he felt like something dangerous was happening.
“Not hard at all,” he answered softly, pressing closer to Steve. And maybe life wasn’t so bad after all and it had all been worth fighting for.
Benni was upset that he was disturbed while practically glued to the radio but there was no way that Tony was letting him eat while laying on his stomach on the carpet. Before he settled on the couch with Steve, he poured him a glass of whiskey. It was part of their evening routine.
“It is,” Steve began, not sure where to carry the thought next. He was quiet for a few seconds, listening to Tony’s heartbeats. “You know I’ve never done that, right? Taken someone to use as leverage. I never have. Never would. You know that, right?”
James and Steve exchanged a look, both of their fellas almost asleep where they were. Steve put a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder and James took Clint’s hand, both of them saying the same thing: perhaps it was time to get some more rest.
loved crime stories and police stories too.” The memory of his own mother made him sigh softly. She would have loved this house and everything—and everyone—in it. “I read whatever she wanted me to read. After Nella died that stopped.
“Yeah, I agree,” he said, rolling his jaw to get it to click. Clint turned to look at the jacket Tony must have put under his head. He really was sweet. Not at all what he expected of Steve’s fella. “Thanks for that. What’s the damage?” he asked, pointing to his face and then reaching for his water.
Luke Cage and Wilson Fisk didn’t completely stare down at the table but they were careful with just how much eye contact they made. It was not a sign of weakness but rather an acknowledgement of power, which James and Steve now had a lot more of. Of course they had also shared it with Madame Gao who kept her head raised high, a knowing grin on her thin lips, but the other two didn’t need to know that.
Cap picked up the gun on his desk and the kid audibly gasped. He cleaned it off with a rag, checked to make sure it was loaded and then pointed it at him casually.
“No, we got it,” Clint said, gathering up serviettes as best as he could. “But thanks. Stay with sleepyhead.”
He relaxed a bit once they were on the road, leaning back and reaching over with his free hand to rest it on Tony’s leg as he drove, the beautiful countryside passing by them.
“Good, good,” he said, nodding. “A whiskey would be nice but I’ve the feeling that request would be denied. I’m good, lad, cheers. And again, how are you?”
“He knows you’re what comes first in my life is all, I’m sure. He knows I could never hate him.” Steve wasn’t so sure but it wasn’t due to a lack of showing affection on his mother’s side, rather the negative experiences with which Tony had become so accustomed.
It occurred to Steve how little he still knew about Clint. “Suppose I have to like him now, huh? Now that you two are friends as well,” he said, deciding for the light teasing route of conversation. “Do you want to get away? Right now?”
to be around them. Still he didn’t often find many situations that put him and children in the same room and for the most part, he was grateful.
It was almost a good three hours before Steve woke up again. His mouth was dry and he felt like he’d been hit squarely in the face. His lower abdomen was killing him and he pulled the collar of the hospital gown away from him to look into it and see fresh bandages. He had a foggy memory of what happened but enough to know he owed Tony a hell of an apology.
“I don’t know. Sleep peacefully? Watch one of my shows you hate? Clean? The possibilities are endless,” he teased and Tony rolled his eyes.
“You ready?” Clint nodded. James offered his arm and Clint linked them together. “Let’s go, my love.”
“I’m comfortable with you,” he said, focusing on the soft touches on his hand. “I’m sorry. I want to be good but I just got scared?” Tony looked up and Steve moved to hug him. Yes, that was much better. “I definitely needed that,” he mumbled, a small smile on his lips.
“Thank you,” Steve said softly, his thumb immediately stroking the back of his hand. “Do you want to try and sleep?” He moved a little to show that he was offering up his chest again if Tony wanted to lay there.
Tony leaned against the counter and shook his head. After a moment of silence he added, “It’s none of my business, so I chose not to say anything.” He couldn’t look at her, scared he might have overstayed his welcome, crossed some lines. It would be only fair, given everything he knew.
James was reminded, as he looked at Dmitri’s face and heard the thinly veiled concern, that Clint was his friend too. In fact, he had been Dmitri’s friend years before he was James’ anything.
“Hey, Stevie, I need you to stay awake for me,” James said desperately. Steve’s eyes kept rolling back every time he tried to open them and when he opened his mouth to speak, he coughed up blood. James took his handkerchief and dabbed his mouth with it, worry distorting his features.
“Hi,” Tony greeted him, stepping forward at the same time that Steve reached out and closed a hand around his wrist to pull him in, wrapping both arms around him and squeezing him in a hug. Tony closed his eyes, enjoy the warmth and security of the embrace.
They’d been uncharacteristically quiet the whole drive back to the station after picking Steve up but as soon as the rig was parked and turnout gear was reset, they’d run inside and told all the gossip.
“I mean, if he allows it, I want you, Tony, and Benni staying with James until we can be sure either the traitors are weeded out or those who know don’t care.” Steve looked away and then back to his mother. “He won’t talk to me. Perhaps you can?” She nodded.
to. What the hell are you doing up anyway?” James' expression darkened and he shrugged. “Ah. Nightmares.”
After weeks in small confined rooms with zero privacy he found his home way too big and confusing. There was so much going on! Benni told Tony story after story while they drank tea and ate cookies before dinner. Steve wouldn’t let him lift a finger and Sarah kept looking at him in a way that Tony couldn’t quite interpret.
In the kitchen, Benni was watching his brother and Sarah with wide, scared eyes. Tony was apologizing repeatedly, though quieter now, and Sarah had bent to pick up the broken pieces of glass. James came further into the kitchen and bent with her to grab the last few, his hands rough and calloused, so not as easily cut.
Steve came in, angry and annoyed, and was grateful for it because then he wouldn’t make the stupid mistake of grinning up at Tony who looked absolutely wonderful in his suit. He wouldn’t wink at Tony or try to kiss him or hug him like he wanted because he was pissed.
Steve stayed up a while longer but not much and eventually went to sleep too. Still, as always, he was the first one up the next morning.
Two large plates with appetizers and two plates with small sandwiches were placed on the counter next to the register a few minutes later and Tony moved to fix up some coffee when he heard Howard speaking in his customer-friendly voice, inviting them in. Tony quickly brought the can with fresh coffee to the front and saw the small group of men standing around the counter, trying some appetizers while Howard explained to them what they were eating. He got at least two wrong but Tony wouldn’t dare to correct him in front of the Irish. Instead he filled cups with coffee and offered them to the men.
“Steve,” he said softly, his voice still shaky. “Wake up. It’s noon.” He moved to open the curtains the rest of the way, effectively waking him up, and then Steve rolled onto his back, one arm covering his eyes and now showing off his
Natalia’s smile dropped a little and she tilted her head to the side, her eyes narrowing suspiciously. “Why?”
“Sure,” Steve said, his arm curling around Tony to keep him close. He stared up at the ceiling, his fingers drawing shapes and patterns on Tony’s back as he thought about what he could tell him. What did Tony not know that was worth knowing? “I know you know I draw but I’ve been doing it since I was a kid. I wanted to go to art school but my father... discouraged it and not long after I started getting into this.” He gestured around himself to signify ‘mob business.’ “In fact, some of the paintings in the living room are mine. Haven’t had the time for anything that complex lately.”
Steve huffed, holding Tony even more firmly and he started a steady rhythm, watching Tony gasp and grimace and he wanted to stop but Tony again told him not to. He sped up and lost himself a little, his fingers digging into Tony’s thighs, one giving him a rough slap on the leg.
Tony hummed, feeling guilty about not wanting to go. “Her family is big and so is his. Everyone and their dog are invited. I get overwhelmed with James and Clint here.” He kept his voice low, as if that made any difference. “Does that make me a bad friend?”
Tony listened attentively, taking it all in and waiting for his turn to say something. “It would be nice to have you guys here. I don’t have experience with dogs but I trust you guys.” He squeezed Steve’s hand. “It’s just easier with Clint here,” he admitted, keeping his voice low. He felt bad that it was the way it was.
“Let’s say ten minutes,” Steve said. “We were there for about twenty. That gives us an hour and a half.”
“This... all of it?” Tony asked and turned to look at Steve. “For me?” It was bigger than his shared room with Benni. Not that he was surprised at how spacious Steve’s home was but he didn’t expect any of this. It was like he had
Tony listened intently, eyes fixed on Steve. His hands were rested on Steve’s chest, his thumbs absentmindedly stroking the soft, warm skin available due to his unbuttoned shirt. “That thought has never crossed my mind. Not even once.” He lowered his voice and a small grin formed on his lips. “You want to be my only one?”
Monet held out her hand without hesitation and Steve slipped the ring on, turning her hand to see it from all angles. Yes, he liked this one. He liked it a lot.
“If we were teenagers again,” Steve began, “I’d have had it off with you before you could’ve asked and you know it.” He laughed and James did too but James’ was forced, his back still to Steve as he buttoned his shirt up. Steve stood, grabbing his jacket off the bed and pulling it on. “And I trust Dmitri and Dugan but everyone has a tipping point.”
He dove back into his work which didn’t make his mother particularly happy but at least he wasn’t at home oversleeping and not eating so she could deal with the lesser of two evils.
