Mary was waiting in front of the door to the private room in the back of the jet, and looked at Tony, stepping forward to hug him tightly. "Are you insane??" She whispered shouted at him as Tony hugged her back.
"That's okay, I've got time to help him with that." Tony grinned and Bruce shook his head.
"What's that big building?" Peter pointed to the museum they were headed towards.
“Unfortunately, An-Tony, fell victim to the effects of a recent battle I had to defend the Nine Realms,” Thor started to explain. Steve hoped that Jarvis was recording, or at least transmitting this to the rest of the team. He didn’t feel like repeating any of this, whatever it turned out to be. “A powerful cosmic force known as the Aether caused, what I’ve come to learn simply enough as, shifts in reality, to different worlds. It would seem that they reached all the way here to your fair city.”
"He was at home," Phil said, a little bit of a smile tugging at his lips. "He recently adopted a dog, so he's been taking care of that."
"And don't you forget it." Tony wore his shit-eating grin. "Stop taking in strays, though. You get me attached, and then I'm forced to see the good in people, and it just gets annoying."
Bright side? I've have a couple of ideas for some one-shots set between time jumps, and one of those will be coming out probably this week. I'm planning on when the end of this story comes to immediately jump into the next multi-chapter fic. Fever induced dreams are the best sometimes. :) But seriously, you're all lovely and amazing, and I hope you enjoy this chapter!
"You changed your name?" Steve asked her.
“Shhh,” Steve whispered by his ear. “Just me, go back to sleep.”
"If anything, with the new arc reactor, I'm probably a better candidate," Tony said with a scoff. "The element has been slowly working at my internal organs and cleaning them up. I can feel it sometimes."
A beeping in his ear, and a red signal was all the warning Tony had before he was trying to roll away from a target lock of a rocket. The rocket clipped the side of his arm, sending Tony tumbling down towards the highway, correcting his course just before crashing into the concrete. He stood up, hand out as his repulsor charged and saw two people with rocket launchers pointed at him.
"She seems playful today." Steve craned his head back a little as he heard Bruce's voice. He walked into the living room where father and daughter were, and took a seat on the couch. "Seems to want to explore you more than the toys that she has." Bruce nodded over to the side where a small pile of new toys had been set up. Steve had put them together after Tony left with Peter, intent on getting Jamie to start feeling like a normal kid while they waited for more information to make a move on Hydra.
“Do you actually have a plan?” Steve asked as he followed Tony down to the garage.
Tony had lost the helmet during the fall, and as he looked around he didn’t see any other parts of the suit. He had been left with a gauntlet and one boot, and he wasn’t about to take those off yet. He might be able to get a signal out to the others with those. He turned and started heading towards what had made the mini sandstorm that he had fallen into, and frowned when saw that it was of the same metal as the things that had been crashing into the Tower.
"And that was out of my own pure selfish need." Mary growled out. "I know Tony's past, I know the personal details, you don't-"
Tony walked out of the office and saw Steve sitting on the couch, in what was becoming his usual spot. There was a hardcover book sitting on his tight, one hand holding it open, while his other arm was down holding onto a sleeping Jamie, her head pillowed on Steve’s other leg. The secretary was always stealing looks over at Steve with his adorable mini-me, which Tony had to admit that it was one of the cutest sights. Jarvis had hundreds of pictures of these little moments on his servers thanks to Tony.
"J, is the call connected in the car?" Tony asked, bringing his attention back to the present. He pressed his legs as close together as he could, arms tight to his side, making himself as fast as possible.
"Peanut butter comes off with soap, right?" Tony asked as he walked over to the sink, touching his wrist to the faucet to start the water.
"It was easier," she said shrugging, moving to the co-pilot seat besides Clint. "We didn't want to move him to another bed, it was faster this way as well."
“When they all hatch, you’re going to be in charge of them.” Vee chirped a little and Tony smiled. “I’m going to spend more time at home, but when I have to go back into work, you’re going to be the head honcho around here. My sweet girl.” He pressed his nose into her fur, smiling. It was something new he was doing, and Vee loved it.
"Do you really want to ask me that, Tony?" She asked a little coyly, and Tony instantly started to shake his head.
“I think I suddenly understand why you had me watch the Star Wars movies,” Steve told him, looking at the tan outfit on the bed.
Tony turned his head a little. "Yeah?"
"That is something that people usually do ask me," Tony agreed. "This is weird, the tables have turned." Steve hoped that maybe Tony would distract himself with- "Seriously, what happened?" Damn.
“Buh-ee,” Jamie said, turning to look at Bucky when he let out a huff through his nose. Tony’s eyes opened a bit more, then looked over at Bucky. “Buh-ee, bye?” Both Meg and Steve took a step away from Tony and Bucky.
"That's a frighteningly easy thing to imagine. Please don't do that."
"I'm doing better," he confirmed for Peter. "They say I have to stay in bed for today, but I feel even better now seeing both you and Wade." Tony was always amazed at how Coulson could use his professional sounding voice with the kids, and still make them smile. Tony himself had never used the higher-pitched "baby voice" with Peter, or Wade for that matter after meeting him, but he also never used his business voice. Granted, his business voice was usually used for the Board of Director, or potential clients, and he just didn't like most of them in the first place. He liked kids. Especially his kid.
"Ah, no, that's alright, but thank you." Steve took a seat at the same stool he had sat at for breakfast. "I was wondering if I could talk to you? About Tony?" The kettle started to whistle and Bruce turned the heat off, pouring the water into the cup, letting the tea steep. He walked over and took a seat across from Steve.
Tony just listened to Steve’s voice rumble through his chest, listened to his heart beat, just for a few moments. “I don’t have too,” Tony said then, causing Steve to look down at him. “To keep dealing with all the bullshit. I could step away completely from Stark Industries, without having to sell it, and do nothing for the rest of my days. I could focus completely on Peter, Jamie, and you, and not have to give up anything of my lifestyle. I could ‘downgrade’, and still be happy.”
"That's great." Tony turned when Mary interrupted him and saw that she was already moving to take a seat by the couch.
"Oh, well, that solves that I suppose." Tony took a breath as he held onto the wire. "Here's go nothing." He replaced the wire, quickly pulling his hands back, and waited. The machine made a deep whine and Tony was blinking when Steve was suddenly grabbing him from the ground and throwing him over his shoulder. Tony let out a 'whoomph' of air and blinked. The air pulsed, then a low vibration passed over their eardrums and Steve stumbled in his run, and Tony covered his ears.
“The cloaking spells around him are stronger when he’s around me,” Strange said, turning in his seat as Tony walked by and over to the fridge. “Also, he kind of knows more about what we encountered than anyone else.”
"Monkeys?" Thor frowned, looking around. "I do not understand."
"I'll never stop being hounded until I either give a suit up, have on stolen from me, or have the walls broken down by a tank, because someone else like Vanko decides to do something." Rhodey nodded at Tony words. "So, I'm going to do what they want, on my terms." Tony smirked.
Angsty, with a surprise, (or three), but doesn't end in a cliffhanger!
"I'd never do that," Steve said with a shake of his head. "Peter loves those lessons, and he's got some real talent." Tony leaned in to kiss Steve's cheek, smiling a little when Jamie put her hands over her mouth and nose.
"I do not trust you with idle hands as of yet, brother," Thor rumbled out.
Steve walked over to Tony eventually, kissing the back of his neck. “I didn’t know you actually played.”
"Not my title," Tony stopped her out of habit, looking over when she walked over. She set down a plate with a small cake on it, with a single red candle on it. Peter dropped his toy and squealed at the sight of the cake. "You're going to give him more cake?"
, bedroom, safe, asleep,
Tony simultaneously loved and hated that voice, that tone. He swallowed and closed his eyes, feeling a familiar prickling starting to build up behind his lids. "Strangely emotional," Tony croaked out. He sniffed a little when he felt Steve's finger threading through Tony's hair. "How did you stick by me all week without wanting to throw me out of a window?"
"Fiancé?" They turned, seeing Tony walking with Peter on his shoulders.
Steve munched on a fry, his phone on the table between him and Meg, her showing him how to discover new artists that were similar to what he was already listening, too. "Usually, the top songs will be first here, so you can get a vague idea if you'll like them or not. That's not always true for every case, because sometimes artists decide to change their sound completely in the same album, without warning." Steve chuckled as she glared at the phone.
And then, it was like Steve said, only, less catastrophic. One of Tony's walls broke, slowly crumbling, and Tony found himself crying into the safe place that Steve presented him with. Maybe he could do it, could talk to Steve. It would be easier now, after Steve's own confession, because maybe he would actually be able to understand where Tony was coming from. He didn't need a kindred spirit, but, then again, maybe it would help. His crying turned into soft sobs, but Steve never let go, and Tony knew, (when this was all done), he'd need to think of a way to repay Steve's kindness. He wanted, too.
“Hey Petey, let’s get one with Jamie, yeah?” Tony suggested. Peter stared at him for few seconds, eyes blank. “It’ll be fun, and you can show off how you taught her to stand.” That seemed to be the ticket to get peter to, almost grudgingly, accept. Neither of the men had missed how Jamie always turned to look at Peter when he was talking, even if it wasn’t to her. She liked to be near him, or at least have him in sight when she knew that he was around. She was also starting to associate that wherever Peter was, usually Wade was there, too.
"He's still in there if you're calling me that," Steve responded softly. "I'm not looking for the same exact guy from the Forties, I ain't the same either." He caught Bucky's eyes rolling a little. "Yeah, got myself a fella who takes care of my punk ass when I keep getting into fights."
Tony raised his hands and Steve moved his head a little to look at him. “When I’m out of the suit, but in the field, am I Tony? Or still Iron Man?”
"There's someone at school that I wanna give a valitine to," Peter said eventually, kind of quiet. Tony raised an eyebrow slightly. "Cause I got one, and it was really cool, and handmade. And I asked Mama, but she said that I should ask you for help."
Vee hopped onto Peggy’s bed, and Peggy gave a little delighted hum, scratching her ear with her nails. “Espy. Espeon.” She looked over as the lovely purple Espeon walked into the room as well, Steve right behind her.
"We need to warm you up," Tony said softly. He moved Steve back onto the bed, directing him to lay on his side instead of his back. Steve tracked him as he walked to the closet, pulling out some extra blankets that were in the back. He wanted to help Tony, knew it would only be right to help him, but his body didn't want to move. Tony pulled the blankets on the bed over Steve, then shook out another blanket, draping it on top, and then one more time.
"Really?" Steve noticed that the Doctor had a wry smile on his face. "They want me in a submerged pressurized metal container?"
"We're already wearing our suits," Peter informed him, smiling.
“I assure you we do not mean to interrupt,” Stephen Strange’s voice called out. “That’s why we waited up here.” Tony rolled his eyes, then lightly bumped Mary’s shoulder to keep her moving.
“Did you have to kill any of them?” Steve’s eyes widened a little. He hadn’t been expecting that question to come from the young man.
Steve was talking to Mary's doctor in the hall when Tony came back up. "Mr Stark," the doctor greeted. "As I was telling Captain Rogers, Miss Parker is recovering nicely. Her breaks are healing cleanly, which is the best we could have hoped for. She will need some light physical therapy when she wakes up-"
“Why would I be going out shopping for you tonight?” Tony asked, turning back to the mirror, unbuttoning the top button of his shirt.
Tony's fingers tapped on the reactor in his chest as Jarvis started to bring up windows of information around him. He would need to make a new reactor piece for his chest, one with a more accessible core. He would need to keep replacing the palladium core, in an attempt to stop the build up of the heavy metal in his system. He couldn't eliminate it, not yet, but he needed to buy himself more time. He'd also need an easier way to check the palladium levels in his blood, he couldn't keep coming down to the lab for a full workup.
"Oooo, someone was using logic, I see," Tony said, pointing at Wade. "Next time, knock though. How's he looking in there, though?"
"Not all the time," Mary told him, running a hand through his hair, trying not to smirk at Tony. "They have sensitive stomachs, and your Daddy moved her too fast. It's like a really fast roller-coaster ride."
"I remember bits and pieces," his best friend said quietly, accent gone again. "None of it in order. Sometimes it's from when we were younger, sometimes it's from the Winter Soldier. Took me forever to remember my name was James, and any more than that I started getting headaches. I still get them sometimes."
Tony had of course been invited to have dinner with them, and to watch Peter open his presents down there, but Tony made up some excuse to just wait until the next day. Honestly, it would have felt weird for him. Mary was married now, and as much as they were all a family because of Peter, he was still personally aware that they were two separate families. Plus, Tony was attempting his own thing for Christmas, maybe with Steve.
"Mission?" Steve whipped around, startled when Tony walked up behind him. He was wiping his hands on an already greasy rag, tank top and faded jeans resting on his hips. Steve blinked a couple of times before nodding.
"It's Daddy's Mama's special drink," Peter told him with a smile.
A couple of men jumped forward, separating the woman, and Meg grabbed her phone, out of breath, and pressed back into the crowd that was gathering. "Use the commotion to get out of there," Tony said, not even sure if she could hear him. "Jarvis, does she have a Starkphone?"
“Something you’re not going to want to tell Barton and Romanoff about,” Mary told him with a quick glance. She grabbed Meg’s shoulders, pulling her up, and made her lean against the closest wall. She chuckled a phone at Tony, and he grabbed it on instinct and raised an eyebrow. “She got a phone call from an unknown number, and I called it back, and all I heard was a recording of five words, on repeat, in a woman’s voice.” Tony looked at Mary, and they both looked down to the still Meg, eyes blank and staring straight ahead. “Last time I saw this lovely expression,-“
Breakfast had been thoroughly demolished once everyone had come to eat. Steve could see why Bruce had decided to make more than just pancakes. He also resolved to wake up a little earlier tomorrow to make breakfast so Bruce didn't have to keep cooking. Maybe he could make dinner tonight, and ask Peter to help. He wanted to keep things as normal as possible for the boy, like Tony was trying to do.
the most amusing. Not to say that
"We've spent about two years together, Tony," Mary countered. "I think that's plenty of time to get to know you." Tony snorted a little. "Did something happen?"
"We have no quarrel with your people," Fury spoke up, bringing the attention back to him. Glancing around, she could see that Fury was stalling, but stalling for what?
"Well, that's good, because I'm glad we're dating, too," Tony responded.
“What do you think, Vee?” He asked her one day, resting his chin on his arms as they watched the eggs. “which one do you think will be the first to hatch?” Vee cooed a little, swishing her tail in the general direction of the one closet to her. “You think that one?” Tony moved a little, pulling Vee over to cuddle her in his arms. “Well, I think you’re right.”
"I've seen him before," she said a little more hesitantly. "Last week when I was at the grocery store."
"I'm just finishing brushing my teeth, then we can go." The door shut again, and this time they heard humming coming from the bathroom instead of grumbling.
"Yes it is?" Her last word going up to make a question in confusion. "The drawers hold my tools, and the containers have my supplies.
“If you’re the one who did this to him, why aren’t you the one to reverse it?” Steve moved a little closer to Tony, without touching him.
"I think we both know that I would have gotten restless," he leaned in to rest his head against Tony's. "If I quit, that's not going to stop others from doing bad things, from killing others, or from another invasion. I have to still be there, to stop them from hurting you, from hurting Peter, from hurting Jamie now." Steve let his thumb rub against Tony's cheek, using his other arm to pull Tony a little closer. "I don't know who to trust anymore, not after what happened with SHIELD, what's happening with Bucky. I never thought I would find myself doubting Natasha, but I did, in DC, on our missions. But I know I've never had to doubt my trust in you."
"What were you thinking? You could have gotten hurt, or worse!"
“Prince Philip it is!” Peter said, thrusting his arm in the air triumphantly. Tony chuckled and opened the door to their suite. “What Prince do you think Daddy is?” He asked Steve, and now Steve was grinning at Tony.
“Steve! Come see our bedroom!”
"It was the right move at the time," Bucky told him, and Tony gaped a bit. "They wanted to make more Winter Soldier's, they still do."
), so you can go ahead and check that out. (Or just bug me there.)
Tony rested his head on Steve's neck, using his own natural heat to press against the temperature sensitive skin there. And it would work out, right? He and Mary were best of friends, right on the same level as he and Rhodey, and they had a child together. Tony was positive that Steve was genuine with Peter, and that Peter liked Steve with honest child-like trust and innocence, not because he was Captain America.
"She's all out of food." Tony giggled and shot up from his chair running for the bedroom when Steve went to reach out for him.
“Yes and no,” she responded. “Still too early to tell, not enough information. But if Thor’s involved, I’m sure he’ll know how to reverse it.” Steve wasn’t as confident in that statement, but he was confident that he’d find Tony.
“They were invited,” another voice spoke up as the bedroom door opened again. Stephen Strange walked in, unfortunately with Loki still trailing behind him. “I have need Ms Maximoff’s skills. I have found out that she’s been inside of his head before.” Steve took a step back closer to the bed when Loki also looked over to the bed, looking past Tony. Jamie’s hand was grasping at Steve’s pant leg, and he moved an arm back to rest on top of her head.
"I've lost connection with the vehicle, Sir. I'm sorry."
“And you’re only Thirty-five,” Steve told him. “Only seven years older than me.”
"Looking at your closet," Tony said, leaning his head inside the room. There was a twin bed against the wall, and a crib on the parallel wall. "Only one crib?"
“Oh come on! You can’t even use the cool name?” Tony was far from disappointed with the choice though. “Flynn Rider, call me Flynn Rider.”
Peter very carefully, and slowly, pushed himself from his bed, feet softly touching the ground. He liked the glow on the floor. It was a warm blue, which Peter knew almost couldn't happen. Mr Steve had been teaching him about colors, and blue was a cool color, not warm, like red. But Jarvis would put a ring of yellow around the blue, but not enough to turn the light green. Peter really liked learning about colors, almost as much as he liked working with his Daddy in the workshop with Dum-E.
They didn't look happy, Clint not even attempting to mask it from his expression. "Captain," he finally forced out. Steve stared at Natasha, not breaking gaze once, before she finally gave the tiniest of nods.
“No, sorry,” Tony shook his head, answering honestly. “Someone’s pelting the Tower with, well, I don’t know what, but it’s annoying.” That caught the attention of the others as well. “Jarvis is tracking it- Whoa!” He jerked back when something larger was sudden in the video feed, bringing his attention back to the HUD. “Jarvis, what the hell was that?”
"Pop culture is becoming easy, but I'm still slow on the tech," Steve said, watching Tony closely. He turned suddenly, throwing the shield, watching it ricochet off the building and into the three approaching men.
"Tony." He was suddenly turned around by a hand on his arm. Steve had stepped into the cordoned off area. "Come on, let's go back upstairs."
There was still no word from Fury about seeing Coulson, so Tony decided to access the little bug still hidden in SHIELD's system. If Fury wouldn't tell him where the man was, then Tony would find out. He owed the man much.
"Or the twins," Bruce commented and Coulson nodded.
"I did," she said, making her way directly over to Peter. Tony was sure that she had seen, and heard, what happened. "We didn't break any glass though."
“They’re still in classes, and spending the night with Mary,” Tony said with a grin. “It’s just going to be the three of us tonight. I say let’s go out for lunch and ice cream.”
Peter nodded a little and Steve stood up, keeping Peter in his arms. Steve rubbed his back, heading for the elevator doors that Jarvis was opening for them. "I know things seem really scary right now, but, I'm going to do my best to make things better."
“That’s something I can do, with ease,” Tony said as he slipped his phone into the pouch around his waist. He started to saunter over towards Peter, full Tony Stark, Billionaire, persona rising up. It was Tony when he was at a charity event, or gala, or doing a press conference. The smile didn’t reach his eyes, usually, and he was so overly polite that most people missed it when he insulted them until it was too late. In a business setting, this Tony Stark was ruthless, more dangerous than Captain America with his shield in the middle of battle.
"Maybe you could start calling me Steve?" Steve asked, hand still on Tony's cheek.
“I mean,” Tony shrugged a little. “My brain probably knows all of this, knows that I should be slowing down, taking time to myself. I need to make a visit to the Malibu house soon.”
“It would be only fair,” Prince Philip said as he walked over to them.
"Are we done here?" Steve was done here.
"Well, years of self-defense training," Tony shrugged a little. Steve let go of Tony, but stayed next to him on the bed, just in case.
Tony swallowed, looking at Steve. "Then I guess I need to say something first." Both Rachel and Steve looked at him with big eyes as he moved down the hall towards his own office. They both followed after him. Tony was already pulling out his phone, typing out something as they walked inside of his office. "Jarvis, get Pep on the phone, tell her it's a Code Cheeseburger." Steve and Rachel frowned at each other at the code name.
“Vee! Sylvy!” Tony and Pepper watched as the now grown Sylveon jumped towards the elevator, champagne in their hands as they celebrated Stark Tower. Vee was sitting on the chair next to Tony, the others inspecting what would be their new home. The elevator doors opened and Coulson was standing there. “Sylveon!”
“There’s a reason we’ve hit a one year anniversary.” Tony snorted softly when he felt Steve’s foot tapping against his own. “If the people knew just how big of a sap Captain America is, I don’t think the villains would fear you anymore. Playing footsie under the table, what are we teenagers?”
Vee tilted her head a little, watching her. Tony mumbled a little in his sleep, fidgeting a little. Pepper looked at him with soft eyes. “He always feels better when he’s able to get some sleep here at home. He won’t admit it often, but he always feels better when he’s able to spend time with you.” Pepper let out a breath and smiled gently down at Vee. “Let me dump him in a shower real quick, and I’ll pull him into the bedroom. You can work your magic on him.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve. “Ruby, go back to your sisters,” he tried to keep his voice even, his Flareon didn’t deserve any anger that he was feeling towards Rogers at the moment. She let a soft rumble, not wanting to move. “Ruby.” A short trill, and then he heard Ruby trotting away.
"I read the books to him as well," Mary said proudly, making Tony grin.
“Flare. Flareon.” Pepper looked up from her desk when she heard Ruby come into her office, and sounding a little off. She moved to crouch down, meeting the fire pokemon in the middle of the room. “Flareon.” She wanted Pepper to follow her, if the slight tug on her skirt was any message. Last time this had happened was when Vee had gone back with Steve.
He stumbled forward a step and Bruce caught his arm, looking at him expectantly. Tony gave him a smile. "Feeling like a new man, Brucie-bear." Bruce smiled back at him, nodding.
"I could show you, if it would satisfy your curiosity." Tony turned a little to look at Loki when he suddenly moved. It was faster than anyone thought that he would be able at the moment, and in one second Loki had grabbed Tony's hands with his bound ones, slammed his hands up and smirked a bit when the gag latched onto Tony's face.
"Mmm, I don't know," Tony turned his eyes to Steve. He got up, standing behind Peter and Wade. He crossed his arms, Peter and Wade copying him, all three looking at Steve now. "I don't know if we can turn this scrappy blonde into a handsome man. I may have used all my magic on you two boys. What do you think?" Steve turned a deadpan expression to Tony.
"I know the feeling." Tony looked at the man in front of him.
"Yeah, and I like having at least one real arm, thank you very much." Steve snorted softly. "Gotta try and come to terms with what I did though. You don't have to say it, cause she says it all the time, I know it wasn't really me. It's hard though, cause I remember missions sometimes, all of them. Those were my hands pulling the triggers, getting rid of people, and I couldn't stop myself."
Tony wrinkled his nose and looked up at Steve. “I’m thinking that if we go, we’ll have to take Jamie. Which normally, no big deal, but our lives aren’t normal. And I don’t think that it is a wholly awesome idea to take our still jealous son-“ Steve froze and had to pull away the razor from his skin for a second. He turned his head to look at a wide-eyed Tony who had caught what he had said. “What I mean to say, is that if we go with the four of us, he’s still jealous of her, and I don’t know want to, well, you know, it’s important that they both have fun, and I’m not sure, Peter is-“
Pepper's heels clicked across the floor and she looked at him, raising an eyebrow. Her eyes raked across the surface of the table, then the floor, then back at him. "Did you forget what day it is?"
“We’ve decided that Jamie is still too young to work on a set,” Steve said behind him. “So she’s going to have to wait a couple of years.” Tony flashed a smile back at him, before turning back to what Peter was looking at.
"Fifty six and a half," Pepper corrected from her spot on the couch.
"He probably destroyed it. Oh, that sweet beautiful phone," the woman murmured. There was some banging and a whispered curse. "I also can't be sure that I'm not being followed, and I locked myself in a bathroom," she whispered. "My self-defense skills are on par, but I'm barely two months out of a pregnancy, and I'm only good against one attacker at a time."
"What are you talking about? What did you do?" Oh, it was Steve that was holding onto him, if the closeness of his voice was anything to go by. Tony swallowed and opened his eyes, and immediately stumbled back. Steve put his other hand on his back to try and steady him. "Tony? Are you alright?"
Steve couldn't help but get up and start washing the dishes as she was gone with Peter, but he kept thinking about the enigma that was Peter's father. He wondered if he'd ever meet the man. The picture from Peter's birthday had been taken on the couch that was in Mary's living room, he could tell, but he wondered if that had just been because of the occasion. A small part of Steve was glad for the distraction, it kept him from thinking too much on how much had changed, and how much was going to continue to change in his life.
"He'll be alright," someone was talking softly. "Just sleeping, Jarvis assures me that everything is working how it should be, no lasting damage." A familiar voice, but he felt it rumbling through his back. He was lying on whoever was talking. "Yeah, thanks. Tell him goodnight from both of us." His pillow moved and then stopped talking. A moment later there was a low sound of other talking, but it was coming from another direction. The TV.
"You don't?? Oh, well, let me show you what you do!" Steve stopped in front of Mary and she reached down, slipping the shirt over Peter's head, making his squeal. "First, you have to have a fully dressed little boy before you can do anything else." Steve held up with both hands now, helping Mary get the shirt on the boy. "Then, you gotta make him tired."
"I think that this is a horrible idea," Bucky said as he was forced to get up.
"Yeah, Dr Banner mentioned something like that," Steve said. "But it doesn't mean that I should have said what I did. I made it personal."
“Okay, not the point I was going for,” Tony grumbled a little. “Alright, so two years ago, smartass.” Steve opened his mouth to answer and Tony lightly thwapped his chest. “Completely not the point. You get what I’m trying to say.”
"There's s'posed ta be a storm coming," Peter said to him, taking Tony's hand. "Loooots of snow!" Steve carefully held a breath, releasing it slowly at the mention of the snow. Tony hummed, rubbing at his beard a little with his fingers.
Tony's eyes almost widened in disbelief, but he really shouldn't have been surprised. They were used to making weapons, to make their fortunes on others deaths and power. "I'm being responsible!" He looked between the two people again. He was trying to turn his life around, trying to make the world a better place for his son, trying to be a better person for his son. "That's a new direction for me," he paused for a second, "for the company. I mean, me on the company's behalf, being for the way that,..." He could see that they weren't buying it, just looking at him. He sighed and threw the rest of his pizza down, then grabbed the box. "This is great."
“Is this a connection with the same entity that you had dealt with?” Strange asked Loki, receiving a nod in answer. “Then perhaps we may have more of a situation on hand than I thought.” He looked back at Tony now. “I would ask for you to take a seat so that we can continue. You may be having more than just nightmares, and it would be within everyone’s best interest to deal with this quickly.”
“Why’s that?” Steve asked, hearing the doors opening as kids started to run out of the building.
Steve tightened his grip on Tony a little, dropping a kiss on his head. “I’m kind of a paragon of goodness, so I don’t think that I would be with someone that wasn’t deserving of everything that I wanted to give them. I’m just a little bit in love with you, Tony Stark.”
Natasha and Clint were watching the kids in the bouncy house, devoid of all sharp and dangerous weapons. Apparently there was some kind of contest going on, because the kids seemed to be trying to impress the two spies with bouncing acrobatics. Tony really shouldn't have expected anything less from a trained ballerina, and an ex-carnie. Bruce was sitting with Coulson, both enjoying a cup of tea, while Mary chatted with the parents of Peter's friends that had decided to stay.
"I can hear you assholes," Meg's voice crackled over the baby monitor still on the table.
Jacob Rosenfeld
“Stop worrying,” Tony told him quietly, patting his chest.
"You can go see her first." Steve frowned at Tony's words. "I have to,..." Tony paused, taking a breath. "I have to call her parents." He wasn't looking forward to the phone call. Steve's eyes softened a little. "I need to get a jet to them, and get them here as soon as possible. If they're even able to get in the air right now. Driving will be too long, but I don't know if all flights are grounded or not-"
Bucky walked over to Tony and Steve quietly, then looked over at Peter and Jamie. He raised an eyebrow. “I thought he didn’t like her?” He asked quietly as they watched Peter try to get her to move her legs.
“Well, Malibu isn’t actually that much smaller,” Tony told her. “When I had started working on the Iron Man suits, dealing with the unfortunate situation of Vanko, I started making some upgrades and additions to the house, including storage. I made some more plans when we took our family vacation last year as well, knowing I’d need some changes when I went to the house with a Partner and two children.”
Danielle rolled her eyes a little, fondly. “I don’t know your usual habits, how long it could take you to recharge, but I’m going to say that you find other hobbies to work on for at least a week. But, I’ll also recommend that you listen to Steve, because he knows you better. He’ll help you, it’s alright to rely on him for some things, Tony. Can just be little things, shift the little bits of burden from your shoulders to share. He won’t mind, trust me.”
"Like Peter said, it's all yours," Tony said softly. Steve licked his lips, feeling his heart fluttering in his chest, and reached in, gently picking up the tags.
“Mmmm,” Tony wrapped his arm around Steve’s neck, pulling him closer. “For us. You’re a lot more relaxed yourself.” He moved his fingers through the short hairs at the back of Steve’s neck.
"Tony," she looked at him evenly. "You can't have that in your body, whatever it is."
"I thought that I was going to have some fun." Tony didn't want to have this conversation. At all. "It's not driving is hard."
"We'll be safe," Peter replied happily. Tony chuckled and couldn't help but pick up Peter as they walked by the couch. He ducked when the glass exploded inside, covering Peter with his own body, shards hitting his back. Peter clenched up, holding onto Tony tightly.
“You can put that in a costume, but you can’t put that in the Cap suit??” Steve should not have to suffer while on Avengers business if he didn’t have too.
“Just like her Daddy,” Pepper teased.
"You will until we can track him down," Steve shot right back at her. "It's not just you that's in danger! And he knows it, or else he wouldn't have stopped that cart. If you weren't pregnant, you probably could have gotten away with a couple of bruises. He knew I was coming up here, and if you would have been hurt then I probably would have canceled and told you to get some rest." She wrinkled her nose, but did deny his words. "We don't know if he was trying to get Tony alone at the Tower again, or if he would have attacked me to draw Tony out. He's unpredictable and that makes him even more dangerous."
"I'll hold you to that."
In Tony's mind, one of two things was going to happen. In the hour that it had taken for Tony to reach the podium, George could have easily dropped the pictures to his contacts, and they would ask about Peter right away, or the first question would be about the Avengers. Or he'd have to tell them all that that's what they were calling themselves. Tony was hoping for the secret third option of his sexuality.
Tony looked over at Dr Strange. “There must be a fan-freaking-tastic reason that you’re keeping him hidden, and around.”
Fury grumbled and cut the line, but a few seconds later there was the ping of a new message. Tony grabbed his tablet and brought up the information, scanning through it. "Petey, continue your homework, I gotta grab something from the workshop."
"You're going to have fun."
"Mortified isn't a good look on you." Mary walked over to them, Peter in her arms. Steve followed behind. "I'm very glad to see that you managed to keep our tiny human in one piece."
"You need to get some sleep, Tony, and you've got a sleeping toddler on you, so it's the perfect excuse to go to bed." Mary tried to get him up from the couch. "It's late, and he's going to wake you up at the time that you will sometimes go to bed." Tony wrinkled his nose a little, letting her push him up to his feet. "It's a natural fact, children and Christmas, and waking up too early."
"There is no other Peter like your Peter, though," Steve counter argued. Peter wiggled his whole body between the two men, making them move closer together so he didn't fall. He was too busy having fun. "I want this Peter."
"Nonsense, this is my job, and I'm happy to do it." She gave him a smile, and Steve felt his lips turn up a little at the corner. "If you feel like it, you're welcome to come over after I pick up Peter. I'm sure that his father has promised him some type of desert after dinner, and I'll have to deliver on it. I haven't eaten, and I know you haven't either, so you can come and eat." She wanted to take it easy, didn't want to overwhelm him, and Steve felt comfortable with her, and he wanted to begin to trust her. "I know it might be a lot, and that my son will be there-"
“Ouch,” Tony feigned a wince, putting a hand over his chest. “Right there, Steven, right there.” Steve hummed a little with a smirk. “You had better like the glasses, because do you know how long I spent picking these out?” Steve silently stared at him, silently chewing his food. “Okay, too long, specially for just a pair of black plastic frames, but-“
"You're not going to go inside?" Steve didn't believe that Tony was just going to walk away without checking on her. Tony didn't stop though, heading back down the hall, disappearing through a doorway. Steve was about to follow before the British voice stopped him, this time intoning from the ceiling.
"She won't wake until after I leave," Loki interrupted, and Steve found himself wrapping an arm around Tony's waist to keep him from launching at Loki. "It's the nature of the spell, and I cannot change it."
State, right, location. This bedroom was different, it wasn't nearly as familiar. "New York, I'm in the New York house."
"Mom??" Mary rushed over as people started running from the spot. She took her mom from Tony's arms as Tony saw Todd running out of the building, another arrow striking the ground as he pulled both Meg and Julie back towards the front doors. Tony turned and caught sight of the sun glinting off something metal on the roof of another building. Tony growled a little and took off running across the street, noting that he saw a man with a metal arm running across the roof. Bucky wasn't the shooter, but he had eyes on the real deal.
"You talk to him, J," Tony said, turning back to the mirror. Almost done.
"You're using boxed mix?" Steve asked Peter, who nodded. "What about making some fresh ones?"
"Does he know Mr Stark?" Steve couldn't help but asking. He had thought about going to get an appointment with Anthony, before he did his limited research, but thought that it might be weird, for both of them.
"You wouldn't have let get as close to Peter as you have if you didn't think that he was going to stick around." Mary kept his eye contact, both knowing that she was right. "Tony, it's alright if you've got feelings that are less than stellar about the marriage things. Specially now that we're all living under the same roof."
"Yes, that should help you keep a low profile." Tony almost laughed. "Render is complete."
“That’s something that hasn’t changed.”
"Were you talking to Pepper too?" Tony accused, narrowing his eyes a little. "Did she tell you to say all this?"
Mary hugged Peter tightly, kissing the top of his head. "We'll just sit in the car, and I promise that you'll be able to see them the whole time," Coulson continued. Peter nodded a little.
He turned to move towards Natasha and Meg now, trying to insert himself in the fight. Meg ducked down when Natasha tried to press the Bite to her skin, and Steve was moving in and blocking her arm with his wrist. Natasha put a hand on Steve's shoulder and was vaulting over his arm to try and get the drop on Meg, but the blonde was swinging down under Steve's arm at the same time to get away. Steve was feeling like a prop suddenly.
“Tony.” He ignored Steve’s voice as he slipped into Peter’s room to help him getting dressed, the little boy giggling. “Tony.”
"You're so adorable when you're in denial." Tony's face scrunched up in mock offense. "That looks just like a face that Peter makes."
"If I remember right, that's what I tried to do," Tony reminded her.
Tony was hugging Peter back tightly, rubbing his back, but hadn’t looked away from Steve. “What’s going on, Steve? I only just got Jarvis back-“
“Not drive?” Tony let out a scandalized gasp, a hand flying to his chest.
The Ten Rings fell before him like bugs, their bullets bouncing off the suit. The door they tried to block him with, child's play to knock down. The first sign of distress he noticed was when he swung his arm too hard, getting it stuck in the rock wall. This was a part of his life that he was going to end. Never again would something he created be used to kill, to destroy, to torture. This was not the legacy that he wanted to leave for Peter, for his son to grow up seeing.
“Well, yes and no,” Tony said, turning a smile back to him. “Pick a car, whichever one you want to ride in.”
“Awesome!” Wade exclaimed as he and Peter ran over, taking the bags that Tony was handing to him.
Rhodey looked at Tony, eyebrow raised. Tony knew the look on Rhodey's face, he had seen it often, well, often enough. Rhodey was assessing the situation. To him it looked like Tony was giving everyone exactly what they wanted, but that wasn't how Tony Stark operated; in fact he often did the opposite of what people wanted him to do. Tony tried not to smirk, practically seeing those thoughts go through the military mans head.
"That was bad, Tony," Mary retaliated. She was holding Conor, burping him, Peter sitting in her lap. "You're both horrible, you deserve each other. Please, don't inflict yourselves on the world anymore."
"You're going to stay with me," Tony told him. "You know how my house is really big?" Peter nodded. "Well, I'm gonna have Mama stay there until she wakes up. That way you, Jarvis, and I can watch over her. It's family that knows best, isn't it? We know what Mama needs."
“That’s a very vague statement,” Steve said as he opened a drawer to grab a shirt to wear. “You’ll eat a lot.”
“Then I’ll go and ask her to teach us.” Wade turned on his foot, every intention to go to the kitchen, and probably get turned down, but he’d do it.
“They want some self-defense lessons,” Bucky said plainly, crossing his arms over his chest, still standing behind Tony’s seat. He wasn’t sure how he felt about being used as a buffer between him and his boyfriend. “Said they were going to start learning parkour as well.” Steve made a little strangled noise in his throat. “They’re gonna do it either way, and you know it.”
"Kind of, but not really. A-I-M kept being repeated in some of the information they found, but we can't pin down what it stands for. Turns out, there are a lot of companies that either use the acronym, or have Aim their names." Tony let out a puff of breath. He hated not being able to find out information when he already had half of the equation. "They did a raid on another building, but it was already mostly emptied out. Seems they know that we're on to them, so they keep moving around now."
"I suggest we keep moving, Sir," Barton said and started to move, forcing Mary to move backwards.
"Let's just put something in the books," Tony said, nodding, still staring at the woman.
“No, afraid not.” Steve tensed at the unfamiliar female voice. “I understand that you’re part of the reason that I won’t be seeing him myself, Captain. Or at least those in that Tower.”
Steve could feel Tony watching him as he made the store bought frosting a bit more fluffier, lighter, and ready for the cooking cupcakes. He turned a little, scooping the frosting into plastic bags, (something he had seen in a video on the internet), and looked at Tony. "I thought that this might make frosting the cupcakes easier. Do you know what they're supposed to look like?" Peter had been given the duty of decorating the container that would hold the cupcakes, and was out at the table again.
"I did, but I'm back now," he smiled at him, walking over to the little group. "Did you eat all your food?"
“Probably just going to sit here until either she comes back to her sense, or you guys figure out how to snap her out of it,” Mary told him. “Just focus on getting Jarvis back up and helping out Steve. I don’t like the idea of Wade being close to anything Hydra related.”
“He’s being sheltered by another, nothing that my powers will aid at the moment. It’s not working against us, that’s for certain.” He then took notice of Steve and bowed his head a little. “I wish I had more news for you, Captain.”
Everyone was suited up, except for Tony. Steve had his cowl pulled down and his shield on his back, arms crossed over his chest. “Alright everyone,” Steve said, looking around at the group. “I’ve put together some scenarios to run through that should help us understand our strengths and weaknesses. I think it’s important we know this, so that no matter who answers a call out, we can put together some kind of effective strategy to adapt to whatever’s happening.” Steve motioned over towards the newcomers. “Falcon and War Machine-“
"Maybe you should lay off the coffee for a few hours, you're still a little hyper," Rachel suggested, and it was enough to make Tony laugh.
"No," Peter giggled. "I'm not a bunny, I'm a boy."
“You obviously want something though,” Tony said as he took off his sunglasses. “Or else you won’t have come to see me at all.”
“That’s cheesy as hell,” Tony said, but Steve could hear the touch of fondness in his tone.
“So, when did you two get back? And how much did you shower so that you didn’t smell like sex?”
"I should have guessed, though," she pressed, closing her eyes briefly. "I've never given it to him before, I have my own nut allergy. I should have gotten him tested for that when he was-"
“If I let you plan the date for our anniversary, I’m sure that we’ll end up back on the couch, watching Supernatural,” Tony commented. “Unless you’re hoping to create a successful first date?”
And then he went missing. The new Jarvis, the AI, had tried to hide the news from Vee for as long as he could. Until Pepper came over, eyes red with tears. Vee felt a horrible feeling of déjà vu, of waiting for Steve to come back. She feared that Tony never would, and she would spend more time inside of her pokeball again. This time she would fade away. Pepper never forced her back into her ball, and she always hid when Stane came over.
"Okay, well, first things first, you've been out for like, six weeks," Tony told her. "Most of your other injuries have healed, and I'm sure that Jarvis is monitoring your brain activity."
Steve nudged Tony’s leg with his knee a little. “I had to know what I was capable of, specially if I was going to be around Peter. I didn’t want to accidentally hurt him, or Mary, or anyone really. After I moved in here, to the Tower, I asked Jarvis if he could help me, too. It’s actually been a lot better working with him than at SHIELD.” Tony snorted a little. Steve licked his lips, glancing down before meeting Tony’s eyes. “I’m afraid that if I’m not actively aware, that I might accidentally hurt Jamie…. She’s still so small, so young, and I don’t want to do that. I’d never forgive myself if it was something I could have prevented.” Tony reached out to brush some hair from his forehead, gently brushing his fingers across Steve’s skin.
“Why read all the rumors? I live with all of you,” Wade said, giving Steve the most dead-pan look. Like he should have already known that,
"Alright, well," Obie grabbed the pizza box. "This stays with me then." Tony shrugged and let him have it, heading back for the stairs. "You mind if I come there and see what you're doing?"
"No!" Both Steve and Mary turned to look at him. "No spiders, because that be creepy as hell, Tony," Mary pointed at him, warning him.
“Oh, I’m sure.” Tony pushed Steve’s shoulder. “And what kind of ice cream should I be getting? Perhaps Moose Tracks? Or Butter Pecan?” Steve just smiled and kissed Tony again before turning back towards his desk. “Ah ha, I see how it is. This ice cream probably won’t even make it to the party. That’s fine, you’ve been breaking into my stash, and I need to refill it anyway. Hey, where is the ice cream in a grocery store anyway?”
"Then why fight it?" Mary asked with a shrug. "Just come on over, take a seat, we'll talk and get this over with." Tony dropped his head back and made his best impression of a whale. "What are you, ten? That's not going to work on me. Get over here." Tony let out a loud sigh and went over, dragging his feet a little, and practically threw himself on the couch. Tony and Peter were too much alike.
"You think I'm not?" Tony moved towards him. Bruce hunched back over the scepter, focusing on his research. Tony had gotten the Gamma calculation running already. Forget the week that Bruce had said he would need, Tony got the search running, and it would be done within the next couple hours. "Why did Fury call us in, and why now? Why not before?" Before Mary got hurt. "What isn't he telling us? I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables."
"Something tells me that they don't exactly want something big." Steve turned his head a little to look at Tony.
Tony held up his phone, wading into the argument. "I've already called a Stark jet to meet us at the airport in a couple of hours. I've got exactly Twenty-Four hours before my son is back at the Tower, and I'm going to take advantage of it by actually sleeping."
Tony reached up underneath his shirt, twisting the palladium reactor until it clicked. He let out a light gasp, closing his eyes a little, then pulled it out. He set it down on the counter, then reached the new one under and slipped it into place. He could feel a different resonance with this reactor. Tony turned it, hearing a low click, but not the one he needed. Tony frowned, brought his hand back out, then punched his chest with the heel of his hand. Bruce jumped a little until he saw the glow of the reactor.
Tony reacted in a flash, hand flying out to grab one Clint’s wrist, his leg sweeping out to bring the man to the ground, his other hand pressing down at his throat without cutting off any air. Tony was breathing heavily through his nose at a wide eyed Clint, weapons sliding out of his hands. It only took a second for Clint to react though, only being caught off guard once before his training kicked in.
“And the fact that he’s like looks like a tiny you,” Happy threw in.
"Very much so, and I blame his dad for that," Mary said with a chuckle. "He'll never let you have a moment to himself, and then he won't be able to stop from telling everyone. I think right now, no one needs to know that your back, because you need time for yourself. And then you can make the choice later on."
"She wants to talk to you, Daddy." Peter ran back over to them, and Tony wrapped his arm around his waist to stop him from sliding across the floor. Tony took the phone back from Peter, and Peter bounced back over to Steve's laptop, Steve turning to watch him briefly. Tony eyed the motion, completely not jealous though.
“Whoa! Look at her face!”
“But she’s been in those situations before, and nothing changed,” Steve pointed out.
“I’m not wearing a shirt,” Steve hissed at Tony, who was now grinning. “I can Not go out there without a shirt. It’s not proper.”
“Iron Man!” Tony jerked and his eyes unfocused off the screens of the HUD and looked at Steve, no Captain America, looking at him expectantly. He had his shield in his hand, and everyone else had moved around the room.
“You bring up a really good point,” he said as they continued down the stairs. “Tony thought the same thing, for a long time actually. I think he actually said as much to her on his first visit.” Wade glanced up at Steve. “You didn’t know that Tony saw a therapist?” Wade shook his head no. “You really don’t explore that side of the internet, do you?”
"Did you get hurt?" Peter asked softly, not pressing down on the marks, just in case they hurt his Daddy.
“They did work quickly, didn’t they?” Tony plopped down on the bench, eyes up on the Tower of Terror building. “Be sure to throw in something extra to the ones who worked on them. I think tomorrow is going to be fantastic!”
"Psshht! You're dating, you've been dating for nearly three months, and if the accidental moaning I caught over the phone last week had anything to do with Stark's lips, then yes, he's your boyfriend." Steve's whole face had to be red by now. "You've spent over half an hour on the phone with me so far asking what colors to wear just to go up to see him. You are so smitten it's equal parts adorable, and disgusting."
"That's the big floor!" Peter whooped as they ran to the trunk of the car. They each grabbed their backpacks and a duffle bag, and Tony peered inside. The trunk was full, with at three bags of what Tony could only assume were souvenirs.
"The best way to do something you don't want too," he said with a nod, then looked at her. "I can kind of relate though, you know." She tilted her head a little. "Just found out that my Dad was part of Hydra as well, and that he was trying to make me something else."
"So are we, sweety," Rachel cooed to the little boy.
Steve nodded after a beat, then got up to follow Tony. They could tell as they got closer to the kitchen, the smell of food guiding them. It smelled like Bruce was also making some hash browns, and eggs for those who didn't want pancakes.
Steve pouted and Tony smirked, bouncing Jamie around. “Nothing too horrible, which is why he’ll get the chance to make it up to me.”
Tony tilted his head a little then reached out and took the bracelets from Steve's hand. He turned them over, investigating them, what they were made of, and how the simplicity worked. "Why do you have so many of them?" Tony asked, rubbing his thumb over the plastic pieces.
kids to Disneyland will be okay.” Tony took a slow breath before gently pulling away from Steve’s hands.
"I don't see much room for you," Tony said under his breath and came out, closing the door. He peeked out the window to see the man she had been talking too walking down the sidewalk. "Does your neighbor drop off food with only one usable arm?"
"Yeah, I can see that. Shut it down Jarvis, I'll pull it out and we'll go into manual mode." He sat at the edge, peering down to see the top half of his suit leaning against one of the arms that would have taken the helmet. Tony sighed and leaned down into unit as Jarvis released control. He pushed the chest of the suit up, hearing the groan at the joints, then reached for the pin to lock them in place. He pushed the first one in, then reached for the second as there was a louder groan. A stripped wire sparked, dropping onto Tony's arm, and he shouted as he jolted back. The loose arm dropped against Tony's shoulder, the wire sliding against others, electricity flaring by his eyes.
Water. When he had woken up, attached to the new electromagnet, he had been thirsty. Stuck in a cave, in the desert, in a dry land, he had craved it. Tony changed his mind as his head was forced into the tub of water once more. They pushed his body down further, water splashing up, hitting the new chest piece, the exposed wires. He gasped underwater as he felt the shocks, the sparks across his body. Images flashed before his eyes, people, places, things.
"He's stuck in a flashback," he told them as he tried to catch his breath. Bruce was moving Tony to his side as they pulled off his wet clothes at the same time. Mary had towels and was wrapping them around Tony. As Steve lifted himself out of the water, he heard Tony give a shout, then immediately start coughing, hacking, up water. He was trying to throw off the towels, rocking his body a little, to get away from the hands on him.
“A house?” Tony raised an eyebrow at him skeptically. “Something with less space? Like, on the ground, with a yard and all of that?”
"No worries, I haven't seen any cameras around," Steve said, and noticed how Tony's shoulders came up a little, the man slinking down, crossing his arms over his chest. "I've been guessing that's why you haven't been around the apartment?"
"Don't worry about it big guy, well, at least about the Tower," Tony said with a shrug. "So, it's possible to adjust Loki's pretty bracelets, right?" Thor tilted his head in question. "I have a way to contain him, and it'll work best if I'm able to put a thin cuff around one wrist, and I thought we could hide it under his own shackles, so it's harder for him to try and get off."
"Yes, there are lots of pancakes," Tony said, sipping his coffee with a smirk. "Good to see you Legolas."
"Stark!" Fury's voice.
Steve got up and walked over to the desk, pulling the chair out and crouching down to grab something from the floor. He gently pulled out a piece of marble that almost three feet wide and two feet tall. The base was still in a block formation and it was clear that work was being done from the top down. Tony could recognize that it was going to be an octopus, some of the tentacles already being formed.
Also, I present unto thee, fun extras. I've got a playlist for the last three chapters up, and here's a link to the Spotify playlist -
"Yeah, I mean," Tony couldn't tear his eyes away from the little boy. "I'm sure I can spare some time in my schedule."
“Because your beard lets all the kids know that you aren’t actually Prince Philip,” Tony said with a smile.
Steve chuckled lightly and nodded. “Yeah, I’ll be sticking around. It’s kind of horrid traveling in July in the southern US anyway,” he said to her. “It’s very hot and humid.” Mary laughed, just nodding.
“Oh! I think I left my books upstairs!” Peter took off running, heading for Tony’s floor before either parent could say anything.
Tony glanced at the map as the in suit phone began to ring; Rhodey. He was pretty much expecting this call. "Hello?" He knew it was Rhodey, but flying this high and this fast, it was still a little hard to hear. "Sorry, hello? Speak up please."
"Tell mom not to worry, we won't get into much trouble." He smiled when Mary gave him a warning look. "Go on, don't be late to work now." She hummed a little and went off with a wave.
Steve was outside, raking the leaves from the lawn as Mary and Peter returned from their day of errands. He knew that Peter's birthday was coming up in a just a couple of days, and Mary said that her parents were going to be flying over from California to surprise Peter, and she was running around trying to make things perfect. Steve chuckled when he saw Mary pulling several bags of groceries from the trunk of her car, and Peter was trying to climb inside to get to what Steve could only assume was his favorite snacks. He did it every time.
"Fine, get in. But I'm not saying anything to Pepper, that is your own beast to take on," Tony muttered as he slipped in behind the wheel of the car.
“Relax,” her brother said, a little roll of his eyes. “We’re not here to make trouble.”
"Tony?" An older male voice came through the phone this time.
"Let's take it one step at a time, Tony," Mary said, but she was smiling. "Can you stay tonight? I know it's already late, but if you have to-"
"Good, bring up surveillance of Peter's room," Tony said as a small rectangle appeared in the corner of the screen. He could see Peter sleeping his bed. "Alert me if he's about to wake up. What are the cell towers looking like? I have a call to make."
"I think you are, buddy," Tony said, shifting Peter in his arms so he was laying on Tony's chest. Peter nodded a little, closing his eyes, wrapping his arms around Tony's neck, head still pillowed on Tony's shoulder.
Steve made a short whine and shook his head. Tony snorted softly, fondly, and smiled at him. “You’re going to grow her hair out until someone clues her in that she doesn’t have to keep it that way.” Steve scrunched his nose up a little. “You have to learn how to do her hair then. These hands are mechanic’s hands, they don’t do braids and ponytails.” Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “Okay, so I’ll rephrase. These hands don’t want to learn how to braid hair.” Tony leaned down to kiss Steve’s forehead. “Do you want to see our babies? Will that help?” Steve nodded a little, his fingers starting to rub Tony’s, knuckle by knuckle.
Tony's hands were carding through Peter's hair at the moment, both of them quiet, just needing each other, when an alert popped up in the corner of the screen.
“Get away from my kids,” Tony growled, free hand gripping the one attached to his arm.
Steve was sitting alert on the couch, a cold chill curling in his gut, moments before all hell broke loose. Peter was sitting in Coulson's lap, they were watching Tony on stage, he was talking about the Stark Tower. Steve personally couldn't stand the building, but that was his bias talking. He had spent the last three actively avoiding Tony Stark, telling himself that he just needed to deal with his thoughts and feelings on the matter. That excuse ran out three weeks after he had confronted Mary.
"Right," Tony nodded. "I remember that now. Hey, what's the plan for Christmas, again?" Tony wouldn't say that he was actually kind of looking forward to Christmas this year, but he would be lying if he didn't say that he was excited to have a reason for it this year. Mostly he wanted to make sure that Peter had a memorable time.
"Is he okay??" She turned and got closer to Tony, her voice a little higher, her head swiveling around to look for Peter. Tony put his hands on her forearms, trying to still her.
Tony pushed the door closed with his foot, plopped down on the bed and held his arms out. "I'll take her, check her diaper, wait for Mary with hopefully some blankets, while you get all freshened up."
"Steve," Tony called out, and he swore to re-program Jarvis so that Rhodey never found out that he had used the man’s first name again. "Steve Rogers, come on." He watched Steve's hands twitching in response. "Come, Cap, you can do it. Whatever you're seeing, it's not real. You're at Stark Manor, it's June. I'm here, Tony, and Peter is in the other room with Wade. Mary is here with Phil, and Natasha and Clint are upstairs, and Bruce is just down the hall as well. Come on, open your eyes for me."
The sequel is officially posted!
"Yeah, I know that." Tony shrugged a little. He pushed himself to his feet. "Wasn't like I could just leave you trapped in a nightmare though, that's some kind of cruel punishment." He turned to look at Steve who had gotten up as well, and Tony was treated to the sight that Captain America slept with no shirt no, and what had to be some joke pajama bottoms with pictures of what looked like genie bottles? Tony raised his eyebrow, looking at the pajamas, then back up to Steve's face. Steve glanced down to wee what Tony had been looking at them, then looked back up, his cheeks tinting red.
Tony gave a soft smile, but inside he was a little disappointed, even if it was the most adorable thing he’d ever seen. Specially since his girls had never slept near anyone else but him. He let out a little sigh and turned to trudge to his room, before the air left his lung with a soft ‘woomph’, and he was falling backwards. Arc had wrapped a large paw around him, causing him to land against the fur around his neck. Ruby churred silently, padding over to them. Arc opened one eye to look at Tony, making a pointed look that told him to find a comfortable position, because he wasn’t going anywhere.
Rachel glanced over at Tony, her expression unreadable to Steve. "You're probably right," she told Peter softly. "Let's go say hi to Mama, yeah? They say that even when people are asleep as deeply as Mama is, that they can still hear people talking to them."
She looked over at Steve, then down at his own socked feet that she could see from his crossed-leg position. She pointed with one hand, making a noise. "My feet?" He asked and unfolded his legs, extending them so his legs were on either side of her. He twisted his ankles a bit so his feet curled around her, rubbing little circles on her back. Steve smiled when she giggled softly.
"Yeah!" Peter smiled, looking up from his homework. "Mr Steve teaches me all about drawing."
“I’m okay, I got a suit here.” He reached out an arm and Wade pushed Peter and Jamie towards him first. Jamie wasn’t crying, at least not out loud anymore, and she had her face pushed against Peter’s shirt, sniffling. Tony dropped a kiss on both their heads before handing them over to Clint first. He reached back for Wade, giving him a little squeeze, before Natasha took him. “Give us just a couple minutes.”
"Which was highly ill-advised!"
"It's Mary," she reminded, pulling out two glasses and setting them on the counter, then pulled open a drawer to pull out a couple sets of silverware.
After a couple minutes Tony leaned back, eyes open, and looked at Steve. Steve, not William. He blinked rapidly, then started to push himself up from the floor. Steve paused, then helped Tony up. "Sorry," Tony breathed, looking down at the floor. Steve fucking Rogers had to help him through another anxiety attack. "I have too," the words were starting to flow from Tony's mouth. "Have to go, check on stuff, just, gotta..." Tony stepped around Steve, not looking at anyone, practically jogging down the hall, away from everyone.
"Why aren't you more upset with me?" Tony asked to man, unable to understand.
"Mr Steve is New Hope Luke," Peter told Tony seriously.
Tony bit his bottom lip a little and nodded. "Yeah, I mean," Tony sighed. "Yeah." He lifted up his t-shirt to show Bruce what was going on on his chest. Bruce entered Scientist mode and leaned in, pushing his glasses further up his nose. "These didn't start until last spring, and I've been able to hold off some the spread-"
"They're from the same group, so you might not be far off, Cap," Natasha said, handing him a tablet. Tony leaned in to get a look at the information as well. "At least it's not giant animals this time."
Peggy hadn’t exactly been wrong, about Steve liking Tony. The girls had followed him, whether it was up in Tony’s penthouse, or down in Steve’s room, but he was sure that they were addicted to the puffs that he made for them. But he wasn’t just doing it for the Gems, he was doing it for Tony. He also wanted the Gems to approve of him, because their opinion held a lot of sway with Tony.
Also, I've been thinking about it for a bit, but it's always good to tell other people than myself: I've been thinking about making a Patreon, for writing. I do a lot of original stuff as well, and I dabble in lots of other fanfic subjects as well. I'm mulling the idea around in my head, and getting around to posting my original stuff, probably on Wattpad. There'll be a link soon. :D
“Fuck!” Tony covered his mouth and eyes with his arm and turned over quickly. As he started to get up the storm seemed to die down, until Tony noticed that it hadn’t actually been a storm, but the dust being disturbed from something falling.
The article went on, but what caught Steve was the picture they had caught of Stark. It was dated today, just an hour ago, when the article was posted. He had been caught coming out tailor's shop, a suit bag over his arm, his driver ahead of him to get the door for his boss. What drew his eye was the haircut that looked familiar now, that was obviously new, and the sunglasses that Stark wore. He had seen those sunglasses, many times.
And yeah, Tony had caught the end of what he could only assume was Steve's default 'Captain-America-speech' mode when he was coming back up from the workshop. He wasn't sure why the man would say any of those words about him, maybe because he owed them since Tony had thrown himself into a space wormhole.
Steve couldn’t keep his laughter in, even covering his mouth. “A superhero war? Mary, what the hell?” She smiled at him as she straightened up again.
The directions took him out of the main city, and to a closed housed community. Parking his bike at the corner, Steve slid his shield on his back and eyed the gate. Wilson probably had the whole community wired with cameras, and they were probably all on the look out. The guard house at the gate had one person in it, but he looked like he had spent some time in the military.
"You'll have to think of a name," Tony said quietly after a few moments. "We'll, ah, get a room put together, too, at least pick up a crib on the way, she'll need somewhere to sleep."
"Four?" Tony asked, eyebrows up in curiosity. "Show 'em to me." A list appeared next to the playlist, and each song had initials next to them as to who assigned the song. M.R. were next to the seven most recent songs.
“They’re going to be insufferable now,” Tony bemoaned, a smile in his voice. Steve laughed and leaned to kiss him one more time. Tony smiled at him. “So are you. You’re going to fit right in.”
"Okay, but we're not gonna listen to your crappy music," Tony said, poking Steve's chest. "Jarvis always puts together a playlist for the holidays, and I trust his choices."
"I'm not marriage material," Tony said quietly.
"Then consider this one of the important lessons of being a parent," Mary replied instantly. She wasn't going to coddle his emotions right now. "If you're having a bad day, if you don't fell like doing, life, you don't get to take a day off." Tony wasn't aware until he was already doing it, but he was sitting down as Mary gave him what for. "You don't get to go to your child, and say "I'm sorry, but today I just can't handle being an adult right, please understand that I'm going to put something else ahead of you."
"You tried to stab an assassin," Tony said, dabbing lightly at his nose, trying not to put too much pressure on it; it already hurt, he didn't care if it bled a little.
"I made plenty of pancakes," Mary said, smiling at Tony. "Sit next to Peter."
“Steve, I need your phone.” His hand was reaching out as he helped Peter into the back, and was climbing in the front a second later. “I have a bad feeling about Meg.”
"We're not using his money," Steve said as he pulled his pants up, tucking the shirt in. "Although, with what I have in mind, it would be easier to-"
'He will make you suffer. You will know loss, destruction. He will destroy all that is yours, as you have destroyed what was his.'
The response was almost immediate.
Sam stared at Steve from across the table, not really knowing how big this 'little' get together could actually get. Steve and Tony had Jamie between them on one side of the table, Peter at the corner of the next side, closest to Tony, with Wade next to him, and Julie next to her son. On the other side close to Steve was Mary and Coulson with the twins between them, and Sam sitting between Bruce and William, with Rachel next to her husband by Julie.
“Can you imagine trying to cook in such a kitchen?” Tony shivered a little and closed his eyes. “With two kids running around? There’d be no where to walk, things would be falling constantly. And if there were pets! You’re a barbarian, Rogers.” Steve snorted. “If I didn’t know better, it’d sound like you were trying to domesticate me.”
“Since I was ‘convinced’ that we should go to Disneyland for my birthday.” Tony picked up a couple of pieces of clothes and handed them to Steve. “I was able to get a look at some of the schedule for certain events, and there’s a reason we haven’t seen any of the Star Wars places yet. Put these on first, and I’ll help with the rest.” Steve raised an eyebrow. “And, they’re made out of a breathable material, with cooling crystals blended in. About the closest I can get to installed AC.”
Tony was very purposely not doing anything. Except breathing. He was sitting on the counter of a lab that Strucker had brought him too, glass walls of course, and he was doing nothing. He obviously wasn't going to do what they wanted him to do, and they could shock him all they wanted, but he wasn't going to bend to their whim.
His body was tired, he felt sluggish as he crawled into his ignored bed. Wade was asleep in Peter's room, both sleeping peacefully, and Wade's mom calling after dinner to wish her son a good night. Tony flopped down on his stomach, mumbling nonsense into the blankets, closing his eyes.
“Every element degrades to a point, half-lifes, and all that scientific stuff,” Tony said with a wave of his hand. “I really don’t think we have to worry about it, though. Bruce came up with a very rough base estimation of a two-hundred year half-life.” Mary whistled, and Tony chuckled a little. “This is me we’re talking about though. With continued use of the Iron Man suit, and any testing that I’m sure to do, that’ll probably be cut down by a third.”
“I have a very strong feeling that Peter is going to come in here as soon as he gets done taking a shower.” Tony managed to slip the vest off, and Steve was helping him pull the undershirt off.
"When you have the suit on, yes," William agreed. "But right now, you're Tony, not even Tony Stark. You're human, and you have a son to take care of. Steve isn't always Captain America, and Mary is always Agent Parker." Tony looked at William, and his shoulders suddenly sagged, the weight of the man’s words hitting him. He was right, and he was utterly exhausted with it all. He had been working non-stop since before the Expo, and then Vanko had happened. That was enough to wipe him out alone, but then Loki had appeared, and he had to change the arc reactor on the fly. Tony was immensely grateful for Bruce on that front.
"I'm not tiny," Peter giggled.
"It sounds weird when you say it like that." Coulson narrowed his eyes a little at Tony, and he started to wrap his arm.
"We are so having a serious talk about this at the hospital," Steve told her before jumping to his feet. "Stay here, I'm going to get the car." He took off running, applying his Super Soldier training to speed up.
"Let's wait and see. Feels like I'm not really in any position to actually step in on this one." Steve didn't feel the need to voice the other part of that thought. 'Since it's my fault this happened.'
Steve and Mary looked at each other, her clearly waiting for an answer. Steve licked his lips a little, really thinking about it. She had a point, Steve and Tony weren't going to be having any heart to hearts about Howard, and it was obvious that there were things that happened in Tony's life that Steve didn't know about. Again, not for a lack of trying on his part.
Steve frowned at the text.
"I can't show him the suit yet, it's still pretty beat up," Tony interjected. Tony actually planned on sealing the Mark VII, he still wasn't able to actually look at it without flashbacks buzzing at the corners of his eyes. "He and Peter are having a ton of fun though, and they haven't even destroyed anything yet."
' Steve was hoping that he wasn't actually blushing.
"No, I said I do." She looked around the room, trying to spot the blonde. There weren't that many people there, it shouldn't be that hard to find him.
He could hear her take a breath. "We recently confirmed that the Winter Soldier is the assassin that's been trying to attack you. He's practically a ghost, Tony. You are lucky to still be alive." Mary cut the line with Tony and Jarvis took over on the HUD. Tony hated when his bad feelings were right.
“That would be utterly fantastic.” Tony responded. Steve pressed against Tony’s hand, backing him up against the wall of the elevator. “Oh, I didn’t know that you had chores down that way, Captain Rogers.”
He shook his head, trying to get away, he tried pushing in front of him. He just wanted to breathe, he needed to breathe!
And hour and a half later, Tony was staring at his counter, wondering how most of the pancake batter ended up on him, the floor, and the counter, than in the bowl, and the pan to cook. The doorbell sounded and Tony jumped.
Tony's mouth had completely dropped open by this point, and he accepted the flowers out of instinct, gingerly holding the vase to his chest. "You got me flowers from South America." Steve nodded. "Why are you out of breath?"
Tony stumbled back a little, chuckling, ruffling Peter's hair. "Hey, kiddo! How's homework going?" Tony took steps, shaking Peter as he walked, making him giggle. "Mama! I've got something stuck to me!"
“Do you think he will?” Tony asked. “Talk, that is?”
"It's not for a lack of trying," Steve responded, eyes still closed, enjoying Tony's fingers against his scalp.
"I'm going to try," Tony told him, then sat down next to Rhodey.
"No, because you would have told me before hand, cause you're a damned gentleman." He leaned further into the arm, pulling out a couple of wires. "You would have told me you were leaving, before insisting that I have to be more careful with this assassin around, before insisting that we shelter someone else who may have fallen under his scope, before insisting that I never be alone!" Tony growled and threw the soldering iron on the table. "I'm pissed, if you couldn't tell."
“And you’re dating an Atheist.” Tony spread his hands to give weak jazz hands.
“Veee.” Vee trilled as she lightly jumped up on Peggy Carter’s bed. She grinned and reached to run her fingers through the fur of the Eevee.
Steve helped Tony up, waited until he got his balance, then walked over to where Thor talking to someone. The blond turned and they saw a woman in long robes, dark skin and hair, but with light grey eyes. "Anthony, Steven, I introduce Arbiter Taleigh."
Steve almost sighed out loud. “Falcon and War Machine won’t be in New York all the time, but they’ll still be able to respond if we need them.”
“Mr Stark.” Tony turned from the ruined bar to Steve walking into the room. It would be big enough for his reunion. And he could see Rogers practically vibrating in anticipation.
"Never doubted that you and Agent weren't serious."
"I don't think so," Tony shook his head, taking a step back, turning on his heel.
"Tomorrow, we're gonna go to the Star Wars stuff." Peter's eyes were dancing with excitement. "I wanna get a blue light saber!"
The sand wasn't a soft landing though. But, Tony Stark was alive. He was alive, and now he had to get home.
"This doesn't change that he's still dangerous," Steve said calmly. That was probably only making Tony's mood worse, in retrospect. "But, we had already agreed that he wasn't working with these scientists, and now we know for sure that they're doing human experiments." He leaned in on the table a little. "You said it yourself, we can't afford to let them continue these experiments, not when there's a possibility that innocents have been caught in the crossfire."
Steve looked around the mansion as he brought the bags in. It was different than the Tower, and he had briefly seen it earlier in the year, but now he’d have a little more time to enjoy it. Or maybe not, with his plans.
“I’m so happy to see that I’m so often on the minds of your family, Stark,” Loki nearly purred, before standing up. “I shall take my leave. I anticipate when our paths will cross again, Anthony Stark.” He gave a mocking bow before turning, disappearing with his second step.
Still Unbeta'd, and others own more than me, like Marvel.
Steve's mouth opened a little. He remembered. The Asgardian brothers had called someone down, to go through Tony and Loki's memories, and he had seen both of them. He had never spoken to Tony about them, because they had even put a chill of dread down Steve's spine. He had seen what the scepter had done to Tony before he was forced to fight him, and he had seen, through Tony's eyes, what it was like going through the wormhole. Worst, he had heard the voice. He thought that he had it bad with the Red Skull's voice being stuck in his head, this one somehow almost sounded like death.
Keep being awesome, and enjoy!
“Among other things,” Tony said with a slight smile. Steve dropped a kiss along his jaw. “Is everything okay downstairs?”
"Not happy about that, but fair enough," Steve said with a nod.
It's here! The end! What a ride, for them and for all of us!  I'm ready to get out of the year 2012 though, that's for sure!
"Tony Stark." She had a thick accent, but it was the way that she said his name that had him sliding off the counter. There was anger there, with a hidden sadness, and fury. "I have waited a long time to meet you."
“Sleeping now,” he said. “Wearing off like a bad perfume, and Jarvis has already changed her phone, and phone number, among other things. She should be fine by morning.”
Tony wrinkled his nose as he looked at Steve's playlist. He was laying out on the couch, Starkpad in his lap, Peter sitting under his legs, sketchbook balanced on Tony's knees. Bruce came into the living room, handing a plate with a sandwich to Peter, who accepted it with a Thank You, and dropped a water bottle on Tony's chest.
“I’ve also been a father for a while-“
Tony hugged him back, smiling. "That's a Peter hug! This is one of the best hugs in the universe." Peter reached over Tony's arms, his own arms out, looking at Steve expectantly. "You are being offered something here, Cap, something that no amount of my considerable fortune will ever be able to buy." Steve chuckled and leaned in close to let Peter wrap his arms around his neck in a hug, hugging him back even though Tony didn't want to let the boy go. Steve tugged gently on Peter, and Tony stumbled a little. He turned his head to look at Steve, putting on an exaggerated look of shock.
“I love you, too,” Tony murmured back, squeezing his hand. There was a moment of silence and then Tony let out a little groan. Steve turned his head slightly to look over at him. “That was such a domestic moment. I have to get you that house now, don’t I? And a ring. We’re all but married at this point.” Steve couldn’t help but smirk a little at his rambling, looking back down at his phone, still holding Tony’s hand. “We dated, then we had second kid, then we moved in with each other. I don’t even know what kind of order that is. And how you put up with me and my crazy rambling, I’ll never understand.”
"Bye, Tony." Mary let out a little sigh when he hung up. She knew that he was going to find a way to hang up either way, and she knew there was no way she was going to go back to sleep. Time to work on the holiday schedule.
“I know, I don’t like the smell either,” Pepper told her. Vee’s fur had puffed up a little, but Pepper didn’t try to pet her. In fact, the red head seemed a little frustrated with Tony as well. “Mr Stane insisted that he go to the party. I can’t be sure, but I’m sure that he pushed more than a couple of drinks on him.” She let out a sigh, kicking her heels off. “It makes it hard to be his secretary and assistant when Mr Stane makes these appointments without consulting me first.”
Tony pointed at her work desk. "That is not a work station by the way."
"I went to go see Wade's mom," Tony said, looking over at Steve. He was actually feeling kind of comfortable, even with someone sleeping on his chest. "Remember when I told Wade I'd ask her to reconsider moving in?" Steve nodded. "Well, I got her to say yes. She should be moving in a lot of their stuff right now. It'll probably take another couple days to get everything in, but, it's a start."
"I can't go in the water," Tony told him. Steve waited, letting Tony take his time, keeping his hands around Tony's. "I haven't been swimming in five years, I can't take baths, and sometimes even showers are hard. I have taken some interesting positions in a shower to avoid water getting to my head. Turns out having your head shoved in water over and over again has some effects."
“I can’t really blame her,” Tony commented, setting his tablet down on the bedside table. “The treatments aren’t making much of a difference, so she probably wants to make sure that everything will be in line, when the, uh, inevitable happens.”
Wade grinned and nodded his head eagerly. “Yeah, sure, whatever. Awesome! Wouldn’t be the first time we’ve gotten in trouble.”
Tony lifted himself up as quickly as he could, watching Peter's legs try to take him away from Loki, but he wasn't fast enough. The Asgardian had impossibly long legs and was able to catch up with him. "I want something from you, Anthony Stark," Loki said, not facing Tony yet, intent on catching Peter again. "And I'll give you the, incentive, to do it." He watched him grab Peter's arm, turning him around, the boy crying, looking over at Tony. He was on his feet, running before he knew it. Loki's scepter started to glow blue and Tony was sliding on the ground, landing in front of Peter, the scepter landing on the arc reactor.
“Tony?” Tony shot back up at the voice, trying to collect himself. Steve was standing just outside the kitchen, looking a little wide eyed at his brood. “I uh, I wanted to come here to apologize….” He was distracted then by the way the Gems all gathered in front of Tony, creating a barrier. Vee sat on the ground between Steve and the pokemon. “It becomes clear to me that I didn’t have the whole story before, and I jumped to conclusions. This is a little unnerving, but this isn’t going to be private, is it?” He said with a slight motion towards the staring pokemon. Tony just shook his head, not saying anything, and Steve just nodded. “Fair enough. I was upset after hearing about Sandy and Katy…. But that’s not an excuse for what I said to you.” Steve looked down at Vee to see her staring back up at him. “I didn’t notice it before, and I should have, but Vee missed you. I thought it was because of how it had been…. You took care of her.” He looked back up at Tony. “You loved her like I did, and I’ll never be able to thank enough for that. I’m sorry, Tony, and I hope you can forgive me. And I hope that it’ll be okay if Vee spends her time between the two of us?”
