After forcing down most of his meal and all of his water glass, Dean lets himself be pulled back into unconsciousness.
And then there’s another shot of a pistol, and Dean’s confidence is fully restored once again. Furthest from the camp and closes to him, Dean can barely make out the tall figure of his brother on his favored horse, holding his six-shooter in the air. Then there’s more shots from the camp, diverting the stampede south once again. Grateful for the assistance at last, Dean turns tail, heading for the furthest eastern post of the bed ground.
His face was so close, staring back at Castiel’s eyes with an unreadable expression, that Castiel couldn’t help how he froze once again, hardly daring to breathe.
With a sigh, he pulls himself away, letting his fingertips linger on the memory of where the scar on Castiel’s cheek had been as he gets to his feet and leaves the room.
Castiel returned his gaze, studying the man. There didn’t seem to be anything threatening about the stranger — he’d even left one of his pistols back in his hotel (only a fool would walk around town without a means to bear arms). His expression was soft, his posture was open, his voice danced in Castiel’s ears… yet even so, with the steady beat of his heart, Castiel knew that this man was somehow more dangerous than he had ever imagined.
Glancing out at the sleeping station across from him once more, Dean settles on how to finish his sentence.
Once they both finished, Dean laid on the bottom bunk, resting for a moment longer with his hands on his stomach. Castiel left him without a word, carefully washing his hands and brushing down his clothes to make himself presentable once again.
Cas’s head whips back forward, eyes focused resolutely on his screen. “That- I-” The rosy flush dusting his cheeks endearing, only egging Dean on. “What is that supposed to mean?”
Castiel lingered in his drink, feeling how each droplet passed his lips. He was all too aware of Dean’s presence beside him, matching the steady calm Castiel was attempting to maintain. It was as if the man radiated heat, as if he burned to the touch; the thought almost made him reach out and see if it was true.
(If Castiel let the rim linger at his lips, wet his mouth with lukewarm water and run his tongue along the inside—all in the feeble hope to recall a taste behind whiskey-stained lips—then he would try to convince himself otherwise.)
The station is dark, and Dean is pressed up against Cas’s chest, drowning himself in the steady heartbeat. A hand drifts up to stroke Dean’s hair.
“Yeah, Charlie… I think Dean’s more interested in hearing about Jo than the Bandit,” Sam cuts in, effectively shutting up his brother. Dean glares at him, but bites back anything that would only dig his grave deeper.
Every moment he spends near Cas, he becomes increasingly aware of just what he had done: every groan, every whimper, every cry in the night that has him tossing and turning in pain… It's all Dean’s fault. If he had been a little more persistent, maybe not have used the pocket watch at all, Cas wouldn’t be suffering like this, having part of his very
Dean’s footsteps had stopped just behind Castiel, and he was only a breath away when Castiel finally turned around. His pretty eyelashes were fluttering against his cheeks as he swayed forward, almost as if he was drawn to Castiel in the same way Castiel was drawn to his enigma.
Smart move on her part, because while Dean wants to ask what she meant and deny whatever she’s thinking, he also doesn’t want to bring it up again, and from the way the smirk has yet to leave Charlie’s face as they organize the fresh vegetables in the fridge, Dean wonders if that was all on purpose.
With that piece of context, everything slides into place, making infinitely more sense, but it still strikes him as odd, how the song itself predicted the future. (Then again, maybe there is more than just one Missouri Moseley in the world, touching upon magics Dean has never considered before).
They sit in what is only a mildly awkward silence, because Dean truly does not understand how to address situations like this (and luckily, Sam’s known him long enough to understand this facet of his brother’s personality).
With the railroad camp about a day’s easy ride away, Dean is really starting to believe that Stiler isn’t all just talk when he claims that the railroad will reach Dodge City by fall — hell, he’d even estimate that it’ll get there before October.
Dean shrugged. “Just passing through. Heading up East for a little while, and a little slice of Heaven is right on the way.”
Through his helmet, the light of the sun—bared in the vacuum of space—warms Castiel’s cheeks, drawing life from their midst. It highlights the blue in his eyes—a colour which could have only been stolen from that sky back on Earth—and the soft part between his worried-pink lips. Some of that chocolate-brown hair escapes the rest, falling down onto his forehead where it cannot be brushed away.
Since a lot of Dean’s personal work has to do with the rocket design itself, his main “job” is to pilot the station, as well as to conduct the research projects sent up with them. So, with nothing better to do after lunch, he heads back to their docking station to unpack cargo with Charlie in tow.
The stranger seemed unfazed, holding Castiel’s gaze. Then, breaking their stare, he gestured to Crowley for two new drinks.
This close, the heatwaves couldn’t warp the oasis, couldn’t let Castiel know where reality ended and a dream began. He watched as the stranger reached out, breaching that barrier with the tip of a finger to meet with Castiel’s chest. Castiel’s heart leapt at the contact, beating against its cage as if magnetized to the other’s touch.
Because Dean’s laughing fit caused him to start drifting away from where he was stationed, Cas reaches out without looking and gently tugs him back. “You need to act more professional.”
but he’s hyper-aware of how Cas’s lithe fingers pull up his t-shirt sleeve, how those strong hands wrap the blood pressure device around his arm and hold his wrist.
The two remained in the shadows just shy of the morning light that spilled into the office: warmed-pink cheeks pressed into iron bars, breath escaping in quick puffs from the way Dean bit his lips to muffle his groans and whimpers. Castiel held him against that cell, thrusting into him at a steady yet brutally precise pace, punching out words of praise and sighs of pleasure from the man underneath him. Fingers flexed around the iron bars, squeezing as if holding on for dear life, and Castiel’s hand found its way around one of those hands, intertwining fingers to the best of their ability.
And then, Dean began to rock in his spot, testing out the feeling, and the heat was blindingly sweet.
Dean whips his head around to Padre Abascal, the shock effectively stamping out a lot of insecurity he had about his confession. The priest is staring out at the chapel, like Dean had been only seconds before.
Cas huffs out a laugh, and Dean can almost see the roll of his eyes. “It was not entirely factual… and with me being human, now, the myth is also dying out.”
Dean was evidently experienced in concealing his inner thoughts: his face barely shifted aside from a slight softening of his eyes. Every instinct within Castiel was telling him to reach out, and it took every ounce of his restraint to keep himself where he stood. When it became too overwhelming, he turned around again and went to inspect the cell.
Hesitating for a second too long, Dean ends the call and slumps back in his seat, throwing his arms over his eyes and continuing to loiter in front of the house of Sam’s client.
Though he represents the United Kingdom, he technically flew up with Roscosmos and currently works for their program. Something about him makes Dean want to be wary around his presence, which is a completely unfounded and illogical stance to have, as Crowley is apparently one of the brightest physical sciences researchers to work in this laboratory. He is currently studying combustion in microgravity, though he continues to investigate the properties of different molecules and compounds in the extremes of space.
Dean thinks, gazing at him with such heartbreaking sadness that his chest physically aches. Dean is not a good person, not to mention the fact that he
One of the warmer nights, when everyone is half spread out of their hen skins, sweating through their undergarments, Dean wakes up while it’s still dark outside. Because he sleeps like a log most of the time—especially working out on the railroad front—it surprises him enough that he lets himself blink his eyes open to become more aware of his surroundings.
As he thinks, Dean bites his lip, flipping a chip between his fingers. If he wins the bet, he can surprise Sammy with another studying book or two, as well as a bagful of sweets. If he folds, he can still—barely—afford the ink and cheap booze his old man asked for in the first place. If he
Dean goes to find a shovel from the chuckwagon. Not too far from the camp, there’s a spot just beside the trail that overlooks the prairie where an old oak tree stands, isolated from most else. Dean makes his way over to where the tree’s leaves shade, digging into the soft mud at her roots. It doesn’t take too long for Sam and Charlie to come join him, digging the grave in silence.
Castiel is lying asleep in his bed, his features roughly highlighted by the flickering lantern in the room. Dean has his chin propped up on his forearms that rest on the mattress as he gazes up at the man.
Even so, Cas is wary at first, scanning the node for anything they might need to protect. Then, once they first lose a point and Charlie and Ash chest-bump, and once Dean cries out victoriously when Ash’s serve hits their own side of the net, Cas starts to loosen up and get into the game. After a particularly tense round where Cas tips the ball over to the other side and just out of Charlie’s reach, Dean cheers loudly and wraps Cas up in a big hug, spinning them slowly in the air with the motion.
South of the bed ground, Dean finds a washout sliding into some shrubs. Garth must’ve been too tired to notice it, and Sammy was posted on the other side of the herd, but the figures at the bottom are none too difficult to discern.
Dean wakes a few more times for only brief periods, barely conscious enough to drink more tea and force down some more food. Each time, he sees new faces around him: Padre Abascal, Missouri (who has been lingering in Santa Fe since the storm), his brother and Charlie, his mom and dad and Bobby… While he’s overjoyed to see them in perfect shape, having gotten out of the fight unscathed thanks to Dean, there’s a niggling doubt lingering in his gut as he searches for a face that never appears.
One week, Dean finds a tennis net as well as tiny tennis racquets, extra ping pong paddles, and a tennis ball. Charlie and Ash immediately agree to play, so Dean finds Cas and asks if he wants to play with them. Cas denies, cautioning that it’s probably a bad idea with so much expensive equipment around. Dean starts begging. Cas caves, and Dean fist pumps in triumph.
“It’s just,” Dean tries before peeking his eyes open, seeing Cas’s irritated glare, and falling into another set of breathless giggles that tug at the lingering pain in his chest. “I just can’t imagine your look-alike being so…” He waves his hand in a circle, gesturing at his companion, before losing it again.
Castiel’s legend as the White Bandit is great, but it doesn’t hold much truth (or rather, it was misperceived), and even so, its lifespan is reaching an end as more and more storytellers forget the words, forget the verses.
Dean only flips his duster hood on in afterthought, barely registering how soaked he has already become. The small pistol filled with blanks is already in his hand, and he doesn’t even think as he points it to the sky and shoots, hoping the whip-like
Dean had a hard time convincing his family to let him go, but they conceded in the end. Bobby, of course, was adamant about Dean staying and recovering, but there was no way Dean was going to sit at home while everyone else went cowpunching, so he got away with it anyway and only got called a “thick-headed idjit” a few dozen times. Sam still seems skeptical, but Dean doesn’t even bother reassuring him anymore.
his poncho is white. Cas is the man that was so devastated over the presumed death of his brother that he dedicated the rest of his life to avenging the loss, uncaring of his unrightful infamy while he protects humanity from the shadows.
Dean can’t tell if it’s the newfound weightlessness in their cabin or some strange, unknown emotion that makes his heart swell with his breath. Tearing his gaze away from the living, breathing sun, a star filled with so much beauty and life that Dean wants to melt in his mere presence, he stares down at the palm of his hand, at the thick, white glove that shields his skin. Curling his fingers into a fist, he squeezes his hand so he can feel the fabric shift under his force.
he grumbled, frustrated: Dean was breathtaking on his knees, in a position of worship, but the mere image wasn’t enough to satisfy Castiel any longer.
Dean took one last glance over Castiel’s shoulder and pushed himself into the room, tossing his hat off into some corner as Castiel followed in suit. Castiel had hardly stepped into the room when Dean shut the door behind them, trapping Castiel; frozen with shock, Castiel didn’t realize Dean was leaning in closer and closer and
he says, holding out his hand in a stopping gesture before maneuvering around the console. “Don’t move,
And then, he was gone, twisted away from Castiel’s grasp with a wink as he made his way to his bags. At first, Castiel stood still, trying to process that the warmth he’d been seeking had pulled away like the tide; then, he understood when Dean made his way to the bed with a jar of petroleum jelly, gradually shucking off his garments as he continued to watch.
“He said he and Mom used to hunt them too, isn’t that enough?” Dean says. “And anyways, if demons exist, doesn’t it make more sense that ghosts exist too? If I hadn’t seen those black-eyed bad eggs, I would’ve believed in ghosts over demons any day.”
“No,” he whispers, somehow interrupting his brother without the punch he usually has. He’s drooped over his figure, exhaustion seeping from his very bones. “I’m the auger of this drive, and we were put on night shift together. I shoulda done somethin’.”
Old Blue Rocket was an old horse. His joints creaked and his lope was slower than the rest, but he was a good horse. He led a good life.
Momentarily spatially unaware, Dean jolts out of his pose to fumble and grab a handle on the wall to redirect both himself and the cargo he’s guiding.
Suddenly itching for a pen in his hand, to trace wet ink across the crisp, untouched page of the leather journal wrapped up in his shirts, Dean inscribes the first words of an entry in his head.
, like Sammy said—but it’s like a dam is about to burst and there’s little he can do to stop the flood. “Okay,
Castiel’s free hand flew up to cover his mouth as he pressed against the door to hold himself up. Castiel’s grip in Dean’s hair had accidentally tightened at the sensation, but since the hum of satisfaction in response buzzed pleasantly against Castiel’s skin, he allowed his grip to maintain its hold when it was most needed.
Cas is also the man that rode into the heart of the hearth, only to pull a man he didn’t know from the ashes and save his life.
Gordon peers at him suspiciously. “Dunno what they put in your bait, but I was nuthin’ but a roasting chicken.”
Dean pulse skyrockets again. “Anyone?” He glances desperately between all the blank faces in front of him. “
Dean and Charlie get through half of the experiments by dinnertime, which is more than enough considering their efforts were solely to have something with which they could busy themselves. Their meal—or rather,
Castiel thought absently, recalling how the stranger’s appearance had done something to him, knocked him off his balance since the sun sat high in the sky. A tension crescendoed between them, soft and almost unnoticeable at first until it grew into something unavoidable; they stood absolutely still, hardly daring to move a muscle.
Sam murmurs when they arrive, shifting in his seat and reaching underneath himself. Extracting Dean’s phone, he takes one glance at the screen before tossing it back to his brother. “Looks like you’re popular.”
“Does he miss me?” Dean asks. His chest aches slightly, haven’t felt Blondie’s soft fur beneath his fingers for what feels like forever, and his fingers twitch with the desire to reach through the screen and scratch behind Blondie’s ears. “Has he been crying for me in the night?”
There’s more groaning from the bed, and Dean hopes that someone heard him, because he’s turning back around, making his way back to Cas before the door opens wider. Pay-ati is rushing in with Mary in tow, and Dean is stuck in the middle, unsure of whether he should return to Cas’s side or retrieve something.
They’re only about two days out from Ellsworth, which is a home run for everybody. Dean’s only seen one new barbed wire fence set up along their route, which, as worrying as it is for future drives, doesn’t cause much of a diversion.
Dean exhales. Were it any other time, he might’ve considered the offer, but right now, he has too many other things on his mind… and Dean doesn’t want to risk thinking too hard about the nature of their…
There’s another part of him that wants to offer himself, to let Cas rely on him entirely so that neither of them has to be alone anymore… but when he remembers why that’s not plausible, it’s enough to sober himself up a little.
Cas begins to ask, but he’s not quick enough, as Dean raises the camera lens to his eye and captures his target.
As much as he would have liked to get to know Cas better over the past week, things only became more hectic as the date of the launch neared, and their conversations were generally restricted to work-related matters only. From a professional standpoint, they worked together fine — efficiently, even. Cas’s formal and stoic attitude actually helps Dean settle into his own focused state, and—apart from the social issues Dean had encountered before—there is never any issue with their communication either. If anything, when left to their own devices, Dean and Cas fall into an easy rhythm as they work, wordlessly understanding silent cues as they divvy up tasks.
It’s those weekends, more and more, to which Dean thinks back and finds that it’s becoming harder to fill out his daily journal entry without feeling like he’s leaving something out.
Dean also seemed sharper on the uptake. “You asked about me at the hotel, didn’t you?” Castiel froze, caught off guard, but Dean only grinned. “You know,” he hummed, leaning impossibly closer to Castiel, “if you wanted to see my room… you could always just ask.”
“Feel free to sample anything from my rations,” Cas adds as he pushes away from the table and back to the galley.
“Caught me right at dinner,” Dean teases. Pausing as he’s cutting peppers, he squints to his phone screen, trying to make out why his friend looks so bedraggled and is wearing a patterned white gown. “Benny…?”
the occasion that he’d accidentally modify phrases in forgetting the original words (he was by no means a poet — rare was the time he’d create his own work), but the collection of melodies that are stowed away in his head is relatively impressive.
Dean pauses, looking over his shoulder. Cas is glancing at the apple pie Dean had already forgotten about, lips parted as if he’s going to add some light thanks for the pastry, but then his fists clench, and Dean tenses.
“He’s got an MD/PhD in Medical Sciences—specializing in cardiology—and has another PhD in Biochemistry and… well, I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s working on another.” Dean’s transfixed on the steady cardiograph. “He’s got a few years on me, and he’s studying the effects of space travel on the cardiovascular system.”
Dean seemed to have been genuine with Castiel so far, but he couldn’t yet find a reason to dismiss the sense of danger lurking in the back of his mind. Still overheated, he loosened his collar and unbuttoned the first few buttons of his shirt.
he replied. Not a question yet not quite an accusation, his words were hardly discernible over the rumble in his voice, kept soft to avoid breaking the spell between them.
s and curls his tail around Dean’s leg, but Dean nudges him away as he grabs his phone to take a closer look at Benny’s surroundings.
, but finds that his company is also standing up now, his sleeves rolled up and his wet coat hanging over the crook of his elbow.
“I’m… not a good person,” he murmurs at last. “Everything I do is wrong. I got half the ranch destroyed and my family hurt… I bring Mom back but no one gets along… I even got that kid
Clearing his throat, he shakes his head, shaking himself from the weird state of mind he had let himself fall into. Jessie merely shrugs, raising his eyebrows and pressing his lips together as if to say that Dean’s missing out, before turning back to laugh at something Pepe said.
“Yeah, but… what about anything else? He mentioned ghosts, didn’t he? I bet holy water’s gonna do jack shit for those translucent fuckers.”
Setting his glass back down onto the bar top, Castiel turned to the face of the stranger only inches away: hat on his head, one elbow against the bar, and shielding Castiel from the rest of the room. Castiel stoically regarded him, drinking in the sound of his voice from such close proximity.
From the corner of an open window, an eye—vibrantly blue in the dizzying sunlight—blinked away the blindness and peered out, scanning the street for any disturbances. Upon locating the newcomer, his brow furrowed.
A sip of his drink burned as it spread across his tongue and trickled down his throat. Castiel sipped at it again, grateful for the grounding effect it had on him. The burn hit his stomach as a warmth, scattering like a broken glass across the floor. Sensation cut into him, the wounds raw to the stuffy heat of the room and the bright laughter to his side.
Castiel stared blankly at the board. Dean’s work-worn fingers snagged the bishop and placed it on the side.
“Photo’s not the best,” Dean shrugs. Exhaling, he sinks down on the corner of the hospital bed; something doesn’t quite sit right, talking to Benny about his replacement. Sure, Benny’s the one prodding with questions, but Dean wants to find a means to change the subject more than anything.
In the distance, he can see Sam and Garth begin to return to camp, lazily acknowledging Dean’s intentions to take over the watch for now. Paying them no mind, he begins to weave amongst the still-sleeping or simply bleary cattle, eyes scanning the ground with carefully controlled precision.
,” Sam repeats, exasperated. “Whatever you do, don’t do anything stupid. Don’t go looking for him now.”
Resolve shattered, Dean walks away, heading outside (anywhere but here) with his footsteps creaking behind him.
Dean pulled away with Castiel’s lip between his teeth, reopening his eyes when he let go. They stood there for a while, content with drinking the other in: Dean’s expression was somewhat dazed—hazier yet with the alcohol—but he looked more… pliant. As if Castiel could do what he’d like with him and Dean would let him.
.” Dean wriggles his face away, trying to get the other to focus. “I’m right here.” He brings one of his hands up to cover a hand on his cheek, coaxing it down so he can curl its fingers around his grip and press his lips against its knuckles. “I’m sorry about that—
Ellsworth, because apparently Abilene isn’t as practical of a cattle town anymore — which is fair, because the drive to Ellsworth should only take two weeks as opposed to two and a half. The only downside is that they won’t be able to stop by Ellen’s saloon after they sell the herd.
Impala's head is bent toward her master, peacefully nibbling on the richer grasses at her hooves. Her ears twitch and she swishes her tail in lazy contentment.
Void of all emotion, Dean dismounts, sliding down into the ditch. Both are cold to the touch, soaked from the rain of last night. He pats Old Blue’s rump, murmuring a few short prayers for the creature. It takes some effort, but he heaves the old horse out of the way, pulling Joe from the wreckage. The kid’s eyes remain half-open and glassy, so Dean moves to shut them first and foremost, a promise that he’ll at least find rest in death.
As his hand gradually increases its pace, coaxing him to his climax, his mind slips from the memory slightly, modifying it based on something he can most clearly visualize. Is it bad to think of the Bandit, when all the interaction he got was with the intention to heal him and clean up his wounds? Dean doesn’t even know what his full face looks like, but he can’t help but imagine the dark stubble rubbing against his neck as wet lips and teeth suck a mark onto his collarbone. Dean can’t even imagine what the Bandit could do with the amount of supernatural strength he possesses, how he could probably lift Dean with ease, and how Dean would grip onto his arms and feel how the muscles flex beneath his hands.
Despite hearing Sam’s advice, Dean continues to ignore Cas for the remainder of the trip back to the ranch — only this time, he’s more aware of himself, and he’s more aware of just how obvious he’s going about his cold-shouldering.
“The few times I’ve heard it repeated, it’s been romanticized, but… I think he lost family. Someone close to him.” She blinks, turning back to the brothers with a feeble grin. “I mean, why else would he be the righteous protector of the desert? It’s like what you said when you first told me about him, Dean: he must have
Someone struggles to remove his helmet, pulling it off with a whoosh. Dean drinks in the air with desperation, his chest heaving as his head droops forward. When he has the energy to peek upward, he’s met with eyes every colour of the sky.
When he tries to put a voice to it, though, all that comes to mind is the rough gravel that appears in Cas’s voice when he’s still bleary with sleep. The low rumble exists as an echo in his head while he moves his hand, flicking his nipple, imagining what it would be like to run his hands through the already-messy hair and tangle his fingers in the slight curls. He’s barely aware of how that voice in his head forms whispered words for his conscience, the last tip over the iceberg that sends him over the edge with a soft moan.
,” Cas insists, and at least it silences his stubborn companion. “Whatever you think you’ve done… it’s in the past. I don’t remember, because you’ve already been long forgiven — what I
The stairs down to the main floor of the building are a bit of an obstacle to get down, and even with his poncho the breeze is biting, but after so much burning, the fresh air is welcomed. Dean shuffles across the yard, making his way over to the chapel where repairmen laugh loudly as they work.
, I—” He feels his voice about to crack, so he stops speaking instead. Padre must realize that Dean still has something on his tongue, for he stays silent, letting Dean gather the rest of his composure to whisper: “
Dean sits up straight, unintentionally being dramatic about how much attention he’s giving Cas to show that he’s listening. Cas doesn’t even notice, reaching for another swig of what looks like whiskey.
Dean buffers, unable to come up with a decent response for a good minute. “That’s weird,” he says, failing to come up with something even remotely good. “Why’s that?”
Castiel let Dean ride him, trusting his cowhand instincts to prevail — and prevail they did. He rolled his hips with the ease of a wave in water, grinding down to somehow push Castiel even deeper. Contented hums seeped from Dean’s throat, and Castiel pulled him closer, wanting to taste those saccharine sounds.
—but then Benny brings Cas up again, and I see him lying there with that damned cast on his leg, and I just…”
happen last time? It had been a while since he and Jessie had done anything, but he’d fooled around with Benny last. He was sitting on a lap, strong hands holding him in place, and as he was being stroked, out of his control, he could feel the outline of Benny’s own arousal poking through the fabric beneath him. There was something immensely satisfying, rocking forward onto it, feeling it mould to his weight as Benny’s own control gradually unraveled. He tightens his grip on his own dick, reveling in the memory of how they brushed together, slick with each other’s precoma as they thrust into their own pleasure.
Due to the muscle and bone atrophy the astronauts experience while in space (as well as the consequent blood redistribution that doesn’t have to fight against gravity anymore), it is critical that they receive at least two hours of physical exercise per day. To do so, they rotate between the three pieces of exercise equipment available on the station: a treadmill, a pseudo-weightlifting machine, and a stationary bike. Because Cas’s primary job is to collect data on the crewmembers’ cardiovascular systems, they often find themselves in his company as he records their vitals.
This time, Dean’s silence is contemplative, rather than avoiding. It’ll take more than just a few words to lift the deadweight of his guilt, but for the first time, he feels like he’s been given a candle and a light, and he can
The vision almost didn’t feel real to Castiel. Though the sun had long since peaked in the clear blue sky, it felt like the heatwaves had returned to torment him, weaving the mirage of an oasis right before his eyes.
Castiel finished in his head, glaring at the other man. He didn’t trust Azazel, and it wasn’t like he was terribly desperate to stay in his company either.
“The crew?” Dean says, mainly to give himself time to process the question. “Fine, I guess. Someone stank up the toilet in Zvezda, and everyone is mostly sure it’s Crowley. Cas has been complaining that it has to be a toxic release of methane at this point.”
what just went through Dean’s head. “That is only the worst-case scenario. From where you stand now, you should still be fine… though, it may be in your benefit to focus on separating Castiel from you emotional attachment to Benny.”
“I’m scared,” Dean admits, and his voice is weak like it can barely escape his throat. He stares resolutely at the chapel in front of him, unable to meet the Padre’s eyes. “I’ve never been this scared in my
Scrunching his face in confusion, Cas hesitates, probably debating whether or not he should ask what that means. In the end, he only raises his eyebrows and pushes himself off back to the main stretch of the station. Dean catches a floating droplet of water barely the size of a ping pong ball on his tongue to rinse out his mouth.
No, that’s not true. There’s definitely a lot of energy pent up, and while some of it is negative, there are patches here and there that have more of a positive tint to them.
Dismounting by the fire, he leads Impala to the rest of the horses to remove her saddle for the night. He speaks with her quietly as he always does, murmuring ambiently as he pets her rump and heaves the saddle to the side. She nuzzles his chest firmly before turning to the much more appealing grass at her hooves.
“There’s a storm coming,” he says over breakfast. “Woke up to that high pressure, cool feelin’ in the night.”
The first rays of sun peek up over the horizon, adding to the orangey-pink tang of the clouds above, and Dean hears hooves behind him slow to a trot as they approach. To pretend he isn’t listening, he takes a sip from his canteen as he keeps his eyes trained on the valley below. Someone’s boots land on the ground with a soft
. As fast as Dean can cut dirt, with how quick the stampede was turning, he doubts he can get to the campgrounds in time.
It was one thing to see the oasis in the distance, warped in the heatwaves and glistening in the sun; it was an entirely different matter to have the oasis right before your eyes, calling your name and enticing you to drink.
With the light reflecting off the Earth hitting Cas’s face much like it did back during the launch, Dean can’t rip his gaze away, bold enough even to stare at his lips as he speaks. Breath catching in his chest, Dean forces himself to look out the window.
Dean’s mood sinks even further when he realizes this means that he’ll have to leave the camp soon. He’s reeled himself too close to security once again—something he was so dead set on avoiding—that he has failed to notice how his anchor had loosened, threatening to set him free to drift away, caught in the undercurrent with nothing to grip onto.
Not too long after, wrapped up in each other’s company, Dean rides Cas, languidly guiding the pace despite the hands that hold down his waist. (Dean had already made some absolutely
in the past have led him to lend a moment of thought to his intuition. So, as the whispers crowded his presence and the murmurs followed in his shadow wherever he went, Castiel grew more and more tense at the suspense for something unknown yet unsettling.
For a moment or two, they stand there in each other’s embrace, content to listen as their breaths sync. Once Dean finally calms, he laughs softly under his breath.
He never understood where the lines were drawn, never understood what was just a friendship or just a fling or simply nothing at all. Dean had never really cared much for it before, content with busying himself in his work, pleasuring himself with whoever held an open offer.
As terrible as he feels, it’s nice to be up and about again. Dean circles the perimeter of the room, hand pushing against the wall to keep himself upright, and makes his way to the door. The hinges creak as it opens, and Dean winces at the sound, but Sam and Charlie don’t wake, so he lets himself out into the unfamiliar hallway.
so slowly—Dean let himself be filled until he was bottomed out. His head was lolled back and eyes shut as he got used to the sensation, and Castiel’s hands gripped bruises into Dean’s hips as he forced himself to remain steady.
Scrambling to unlock his phone, to get rid of the three unanswered messages and two missed calls, Dean fumbles to call Castiel back. Each ringing tone draws out for an eternity, pressing against his lungs so that it’s harder to breathe, and he pinches the bridge of his nose in frustration, chanting for Cas to pick up on the other side.
From out there, Castiel could see most movement down the street from the corner of his eye. He lurked in the growing shadow of his office, a rosary gripped in one hand and a bible grasped in the other. His hands shook and his sight grew fuzzy, but Castiel held onto those words like a lifeline, lips moving to the phrases he’d read over and over again.
A devilish smile danced across his face, and something squeezed, something warm and coiling twisted up inside Castiel.
“Mm.” Dean’s eyes suddenly light up as he recalls his past few interactions with the astronaut. “Do you know what I caught him doing the other day? Do you
Unbuttoning his pants with just a bit too much excitement, he spits as much saliva as he can into the palm of his hand and reaches down to grab himself, sighing at the contact and letting the back of his head bump against the tree trunk. Lazily, he begins to stroke himself with the lightest of touches, slicking his own spit with the tips of his fingers against the sensitive skin to make sure no spot is left unattended. When he flicks his thumb over the head, he gathers the bead of precome that has already collected, sliding his hand back down the shaft with a twist of his wrist to spread it into the mix. Dean bites his lip and groans as he feels his pulse drop to his lower half, radiating warmth across his body with every throb.
Castiel was always thorough with his worship, carefully dragging his fingertips against Dean’s skin with the lightest of touches. Part of him didn’t want to ruin the masterpiece, barely grazing his teeth against Dean’s neck, but another part of him wanted to leave his mark, sign his name like Dean had earlier on his very own chest. Dean’s head fell back against Castiel, pushing back into the other’s touch.
“Rufus and Pay-ati are taking this shift,” Sam tells him softly. Dean hums in acknowledgement. “C’mon: you need rest.”
“If it weren’t for this round, I would have thought I was getting it in the neck,” he comments, sounding thankfully more amused than anything. Ballast and cards out of the way, he attends to his long-since smouldering pipe, shaking the ash into a nearby spittoon and rummaging around his coat pocket for a pipe cleaner.
Dean ended up leaving at some point as Castiel was writing a monthly report to the state. Still, no words had been exchanged, but Castiel wouldn’t have known what to say if given the option.
Dean murmured in response. As he pushed Castiel down, he swung a leg over to keep him straddled; his hands were slick but warmed as they touched Castiel, slicking him up with a slow flick of his wrist.
Technically, this can be taken in an entirely literal sense: due to time dilation, “time”, as a dimension, is completely and utterly relative. If you take a three-dimensional cube and hold it in front of yourself, without any depth—or, two-dimensionally—you will see a square; now, if you tilt it so that one of its corners is pointed directly toward you, the outline of this cube—or, its two-dimensional shape—transforms into a hexagon. In some strange, convoluted way, this is exactly what happens in the third and fourth dimensions rather than the second and third, though instead of a cube being changed by our hand, it is time being changed by gravity. In environments with extreme forces of gravity—directly beside a black hole, for example—what is only seconds to someone just outside the event horizon can be
Dean frowns. “I asked you a few times before this all happened, but… you never did give me an answer:
“Yeah. Your debts. First time you picked me up outta the dumps, ya said that you had your own debts to pay. What are they?”
Dean smirks. “Oh, I’ve seen it alright. Don’t worry: we can let Ash kidnap him and force him to watch it at some point.” Charlie snorts, and then they’re both laughing.
” Bee, a gentle giant that has a soft spot for his master. Cas is the man that spends hours at the banks of passing creeks, scrubbing out stains because of
Charlie—who’s now leading them to the galley in Unity—looks at Dean and raises an inquisitive eyebrow. “Dreamy one, isn’t he?”
“I mean,” Dean flounders, daring to stare Missouri in the eye for a solid four seconds before letting his gaze flicker back up to the ceiling. “It’s not like he’s a bad person or anything. Sure, he’s a bit of an awkward person, but I know what I’ve done to make him—“
Castiel let his stare stray to the hotel clerk, studying his self-satisfied expression. “How much did he pay?”
he bites back. For a moment, it looks like the drunk is reaching for persuasion, and Dean is all at once vividly aware of his own pistol at his side, to which his hand unconsciously flies. He’s not even bothered about the danger of starting a bar fight, all too aware he can beef the man with his eyes closed. “I
—one that makes him forget where to place his limbs and forget how to breathe, like his very soul is being analyzed and he’s reverting back to that fluid, energy-like nature—that completely distracts his attention.
“She said the White Bandit steals people’s hearts.” Dean shifts his expression so that he’s teasingly serious, nodding his head as he adds: “And you know what else? I’m starting to believe that might not have all been just talk.”
, now. It isn’t much more than Stiler’s sod house (which Dean—as the standing auger of the drive—made sure to steer clear of; part of the reason their encounters with Stiler are—though brief—friendly is because they make sure their herd doesn’t impose on Stiler’s ranch) and a bar tent, but apparently it’s official. Stiler had even boasted over drink that the railroad would be there too come fall — the fundamental heart of an upcoming and successful cattle town. Dean had taken note to inform Bobby once they got back to their own ranch.
It seems so long ago now, but the San Miguel chapel is still undergoing repairs from the storm Dean rode out on back when he first learned of demons. He recalls Padre Abascal saying something about the place looking different when Dean returned, and he was right: the storm had torn off the top two stories on the chapel where the San Jose Bell was housed, and other parts of the roof had caved in. While the repairs seemed more temporary than anything, they were put into place to let the chapel remain somewhat functional.
For just a moment, both he and Cas stare at what’s left of the golden pocket watch, fragmented and cold against Dean’s skin. Then, Dean is curling his fingers over it in a fist, winding himself back before casting it over the cliff and over the rolling valleys spread far out before their eyes.
“I wonder if he’s doing it for revenge,” Charlie muses, surprising the brothers out of their argument. She’s staring at the fire as she speaks, the flame dancing in her eyes reminiscent of her boyish, burnt-red hair. “I once heard somewhere that he lost someone, long ago.”
Smiling against lips, Dean idly thinks about the worn and loved pages of his journal, already knowing how his next entry will end:
Almost immediately, there’s someone by his side, coaxing him to sit up with support and drink from the cup at his lips. Dean thrashes (weakly) at first, but at the tone of the calming voice, he relents, letting the comfortably warm liquid run down his throat.
Logically, Dean knows that the effect of time dilation is only a couple centipicoseconds between the ISS and Earth (he’d done the math once, out of curiosity), but… something about drifting quietly above the Earth, seeing the fuzzy light of the atmosphere fade from the horizon of the globe to the surreal void of space, the empty space in which everything that makes the universe is contained… “timeless” is meant in an entirely metaphorical sense, too.
care, all of a sudden?” Cas bursts out, shocking Dean slightly. He’s sat up straighter on his bed, novel closed and shoved to the side. “Ever since I woke up, you’ve been blatantly avoiding me—and,
It was only after a week that Castiel found the poster with a crude drawing pasted outside the post office:
“This church… did you know it has been here for over two hundred years?” Dean shakes his head, peering at the padre from the corner of his eye with curiosity. “
Missouri nods in agreement. “I’m obligated to remind you that if it’s bad enough, I can still deem you psychologically unfit for departure.” Panic tears through Dean like a riptide, and though he knows he kept it internal, the look in Missouri’s eye means she knows
There’s a part of Cas that has been lost somewhere in all the things they’ve been through, and in a sense, there’s a part of Dean that has been lost too.
There’s silence beside him, and Dean gulps under the tension that grows between the brothers. When he glances to the side, he’s met with an incredulous stare.
Turning it over, Dean takes a long look at the carvings in the metal, memorized to the touch. When he nudges the lid open, the clock face is stopped at noon, split down the middle with a crack in its glass.
In the morning, when dawn first trickles into the room, they find Dean lying in someone else’s bed, draped over Castiel’s figure with a damp rag in his hand.
“It’s common courtesy,” the stranger explained upon spotting Castiel’s confusion. He breathed out a laugh when Castiel sighed and looked away. “Could I at least ask for your name in return?”
Content to simply watch, Castiel let Dean work to unbutton and loosen his pants. There was a certain reverence in his gaze, taking in the shape of Castiel despite still being clothed, and he leaned in to kiss him through the thin fabric of his undergarments. Castiel inhaled sharply at the sensitive contact and his fingers tightened ever so slightly in their grasp, but as soon as the instinctual shock wore off, he loosened his grip and pet down Dean’s hair in praise.
that lingers in the back of his mind, a tiny fly buzzing in the corner of his subconscious that Dean doesn’t quite yet want to acknowledge. Some part of him hopes that it’ll find the window and escape, but another part of him wants to run up to it and catch it in his hands.
With everything finally stowed away or secured in their belongings, Dean is also the one to pull himself into the ISS first, directly into the arms of Meg Masters.
“Mm, no, nohow.” Dean chuckles to himself, looking meekly at his hands. “Actually in town for an errand, but I thought I’d get somethin’ fine as cream gravy for my brother.”
Dean pouts. “But the bell tower collapsed. Even now, so many months after the storm, so much of the chapel isn’t restored.”
On the other side of the slim but sturdy iron bars, the man hung off the top bunk in the cell, still half-asleep despite being entirely upside-down. He only stopped groaning as he realized Castiel was standing there, blinking blearily to wake himself up.
Cas repeats the test only to deepen his frown and write down the values anyway. “Are you sick?” His expression is now laced with concern. Dean’s heart rate remains elevated purely out of shame at this point.
. Lazily—and to ignore the lingering pain—Dean drinks in his surroundings: he’s in a decent double bed, in what looks to be some sort of dorm or hotel room. There are flashes of scenes he remembers of being in the chuckwagon, so being somewhere so… civilized is a little jarring.
Everyone is excited enough to build their own pizza, and, somehow, it becomes very much of an icebreaker activity. Because they have fresh produce from Dean and Cas having just flown over, Dean cuts a bell pepper into strips for anyone to take as they please. Each of them gets one thin pizza crust, and they use tomato sauce to ensure that all the toppings will stick.
“He’ll be alright now,” she tells him, rubbing into the tense muscle under her fingers. “We’re all going to make it.”
he shouts, too loud for their proximity. Dean is up almost immediately and stepping forward, roughly shoving away the bum towards the door.
Shaky fingers weave through his hair, pushing it back, and then Dean’s breath is stolen again; this time, he melts into the warm embrace, letting Cas’s motion spin them like a binary system meeting in the middle to create a supernova.
As soon as he’s close enough, Mary scoots out of the way, and Dean’s sitting on the bedside beside Cas’s legs, suddenly pulled in as Cas takes hold of his shirt with an iron grip that has his knuckles turning white.
Even with the heat boring down onto the back of his neck, Castiel kept his pace steady, strolling back to the sheriff’s office with a resoluteness about him that made him seem like he was on patrol. The air felt heavy on his shoulders, melting his brain until every thought was sluggish. Cotton-like.
One of the biggest achievements Dean has done thus far is to successfully replicate functional bullets for the Colt; because he’s hunting, he doesn’t mind possessing the peacemaker because it actually comes in handy in a pinch. At some point, Dean had brought the revolver to his father, and together they analyzed its mechanism, figured out exactly what makes the bullets functional. Now, Dean always has a decent supply of bullets for the Colt on hand.
“I—” Dean is so overwhelmed with emotion that it chokes him, and what feeble words he had on his tongue don’t make it out. He shuts his eyes and the corners of his lips twitch with the feeling, so intense that his head feels heavy. When Dean lets himself fall forward slightly, Cas’s other hand slips down to catch him, and then there’s lips pressed soothingly against his forehead.
When they position themselves to take a photo of the entire mission, Dean and Cas are placed at the front. Charlie grips onto Dean’s shoulder to stop herself from drifting away, positioning herself on the far side and somewhat between both rows, and Cas hardens his expression as Crowley prattles on about something or another.
Cas rides on a borrowed horse, saying that his own had been left at the camp. She’s a pretty thing, but definitely lazier than Impala, used to scouting with supervisors rather than full-day trips.
“Point is,” Sam continues, voice gentler, “we see the way you look at each other—hell, you didn’t leave his bedside for
Benny shifts in his position—which Dean now clearly realizes is on a hospital bed—to look somewhere behind his phone.
oh lol looks like I forgot there's a touch of vague nsfw in this chapter, but you'll definitely see it coming, and it's only like a sentence long so you can just skip to the break immediately after if it's not your thing.
Dean was never really the early-bird-gets-the-worm kind of person; the only reason he can get up is because he’s aware that he’s being held accountable to perform critical tasks and uphold his duty as a fellow astronaut… as well as the fact that he has some wiggle room to wake up and kickstart his brain. (
“About the White Bandit?” Charlie asks. She already knows of Dean’s brief meeting with the legend (after the fire: both brothers avoided telling of the demons, and by association, Dean’s second sighting of his savior), being the persistent being that she is from having wheedled it out of them as soon as she could, but only after a few questions about the Bandit himself, she had left it at that. “I mean, he’s a legend for a
Sighing, Dean reaches for a chair, dragging it to where he’s standing so he can melt down into its support. At some point, Cas has turned to face him fully, giving their conversation the attention that had been lacking between them over the past few weeks.
“For all the times you’ve heard of my woes and debts to pay,” Dean says when he locates Cas sitting by himself, away from the crowd, and collapses onto his own rump, “I don’t think I’ve ever heard yours.”
With his voice golden and sweet like honey, Castiel suddenly understood why Dean reacted the way he did when Castiel had repeated his name. “I think I could put it to good use,” he added lightly. Finger pausing in its motion, Dean gazed up at Castiel through his eyelashes.
His fingers hovered over the chain of his pocket watch, but he decided against removing it: even like this, he could still blend in as one of the wealthier individuals in town.
stay in motion without friction, after all — even if there are important buttons all over the walls).
They’re the other two astronauts with NASA: though they’re both the youngest on the crew and computer whizzes—having helped develop and improve a lot of the programs that now run the ISS in the first place—they had been the main two individuals leading the development of a neutrino telescope due to their interest in interferometry (though, apparently via holograms) and are stationed here to observe the readings and ensure that the instrument is working properly. Ash has a mullet that is tied back into a rattail, and everything about his appearance screams
Also, heads up for the minor character death, if you need to prepare yourself for that kind of thing.
Dean has been getting so used to the weird cool pressure the air has in the night that when it disappears, he becomes restless. He’s hot and it’s stuffy and no matter what position he rolls into, it’s not good enough. He knows Cas isn’t there when he kicks his leg out and there’s nothing stopping him, and, too tired to care about being an ass, he leaves it there. Cas can deal with it when he comes back from his piss.
Mary turns to look over her shoulder at Dean. “He’s right here,” she tells Cas, not breaking her stare with her son. Dean gulps and finally steps forward.
Dean shakes his head, but doesn’t say anything right away — he’s not completely sure of his own thoughts. He brings his other hand up to his mouth, playing with his lip as he thinks.
For a while, he debates saying anything. Dean’s never really shared any of his thoughts regarding Cas—not to his mother, not even to Sam—but confessionals, priests… their purpose is to lend an ear, lend consoling advice (even if it’s just a handful of hopeful words), and Padre Abascal is someone Dean
The seats are moulded to their bodies (Cas had his flown with him from Russia), and they’re strapped in, watching as monitors light up and change as the different stages of launch kick into action.
Cas introduces Dean to his supervisor just before dinner, when the sun is too low for the workers to continue building. Dean flaunts his charm in his words, and he suspects it also has something to do with his manners and the color of his skin, but he leaves the tent with promise of a job and fully pay. By nighttime, he’s lying in his hen skins in a tent he shares with Cas and two other men, squeezing into the last open space beside the entrance flap, mere inches away from Cas’s own sleeping figure.
In the excitement, everything passes in a blur, and the team ends up being ahead of schedule by about fifteen minutes. Dean’s heart is steady, thumping loudly with the adrenaline that courses through his system, as he follows Cas down the crew arm and into the crew compartment. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he knows that this is the main part of his own experiment, that the design of the ship and some of its programs are what he’s monitoring during the trip, but the awareness crackles softly like a radio station gradually fading out of tune.
Dean’s head whips up too quickly, so to play it cool, he reaches up to scratch his neck and tug at his collar. “Sometimes. That, and cooking. Just something to do in the little spare time we get.” He hesitates, still fearing abrupt silence. “Do you do any? Photography, I mean.”
” Dean says, and he hadn’t noticed how his voice had crept up, how his hands had risen to grip at the back of his head. “I hurt everyone around me, and I can’t do that to you again, Cas.
Fractionally, Cas’s eye’s widen, and the blood drains from his cheeks. “Please don’t ask me to leave,” he whispers, and Dean’s heart shatters.
It’s that comparison that forces Dean to remember that they’re isolated: two, tiny beings, hurtling through space with not another living breath for almost two hundred kilometers in any direction.
With the harshness of the winds and the lightning crackling through the sky, there’s luckily quite a bit of rain the sky has to offer; while the ground becomes slick and Dean watches as Impala’s hoof occasionally slips before she regains her footing, the heavy rain at least diminishes the chance of another prairie fire.
Thus, it becomes a relatively rare occasion that Dean has the time and energy to release himself. When he happens to wake up in the middle of the night and lie there for long enough that his mind wakes to a hazy state, the way his groin presses against the ground enough to convince him, he decides to get up and leave the tent, heading for the patch of vegetation most of the workers end up relying on as a source of privacy from where they are with the railroad now.
Dean, who has an innate sense of danger, wakes up as if on cue, even if he doesn’t know what’s about to happen yet. Two seconds later, Cas is rapping on his door, pulling him out of his sleep station and toward the shielded part of the Russian side.
“It’s all my fault,” Dean murmurs, staring out at the sleeping cattle like he can’t see a damn thing. “
Outside, there is nothing. No air, no sound… nothing, except whatever remains in Dean’s spacesuit, the station in front of him, and the softly glowing Earth spread out beneath his feet. Out here, even with the temperature regulation his suit provides, the side of him that faces the sun warms, heating like he’s sat beside a fire, whereas the side of him that faces the endless void of space cools, growing colder and colder as the very atoms of his body begin to lack movement, begin to the grand, all-encompassing absence.
The floorboards creak under his footsteps, and Dean feels like his presence is too loud, too obvious. Exhaling, he pushes aside whatever uncomfortable hesitation remains and knocks on Cas’s door, letting himself in without waiting for an answer.
The entire world tilted around Castiel, pulsing softly like a boat on calm waters. He wanted to lean into the sensation, chase it and catch it in his hands just so he could understand what it was. The brim of Dean’s hat shaded most of his face, and with the look he was giving Castiel, it felt like they were the only ones left in the saloon.
For a town supposedly so chaste and devout, the saloon was already filled with drunken laughter. Castiel huffed as someone stumbled back into him. The cluster of warm bodies and warmly glowing kerosene lamps was enough to make the atmosphere stuffy and reminiscent of the heat from earlier in the afternoon. As he scanned the room for the stranger, Castiel’s gaze lingered on a game of faro; one of the players had their hand hovering over their persuasion, and Castiel was suddenly vividly aware of his own revolver that rested against his thigh. Forcing his attention away, Castiel made his way over to the bar.
) is because the original character in this chapter is based directly on the character in this folk tune.
Castiel’s flight had come in late, too. Garth—who had gone to the airport to pick up Castiel —shoots Dean a text as he’s checking the time: there’s an admittedly blurry photo attached of a man with scruffy dark chocolate-brown hair (almost black in this lighting) and a tan overcoat, bustling toward the photographer. (When he selects the image and zooms in on the man’s face, Dean is amused to find the subject doesn’t entirely fail to resemble a disgruntled bird with its wings ruffled).
In record time, Pay-ati’s joined them, holding a cooled cup of willow bark tea. Dean helps Cas sit up, and they both help him drink, not minding the excess that dribbles down his chin; it’s a tedious process, with Cas writhing in pain, but they remain with him until he’s tucked back into the bed, having returned to his slumber.
For once, Sam doesn’t chastise him. His silence is almost deafening, making Dean taut with fear, terrified that he’s said too much. Instead, when he peeks out over his fingers, it seems like Sam is actually taking the time to drink in his brother’s words.
One of the first experiments he gets to tackle is Benny’s: he cleans and readies the aquarium before incubating and hatching the fish eggs, which takes less than a week in total. Cameras are set up at different angles of the tank, and Dean checks that they’re still running every time he returns to feed Goldy one through eleven (Charlie was the one to come up with their names). Benny’s objective is to have the fish grow and live in a microgravity environment to observe how they develop and how the variable changes their movement through fluid, and then to bring them back down to Earth and observe how their behaviour and wellbeing change. His experiment is fascinating, but Dean becomes transfixed on the other living beings in the space station themselves, finding himself coming to watch them glide even in his free time.
He’s well on his way to the cowhand’s dwelling, pastry in his hand, when Dean finally processes his mother’s request. Something tentative curls unpleasantly in his gut, but he continues on with determination.
No one has talked of the future yet, either. What Cas and Gabe will do once Cas is all healed up is beyond Dean, but he wouldn’t be surprised if they took off to live the rest of their years in the comfort of the city.
Fingernails scratched bluntly against the door, searching for something onto which to hold. Castiel must have made some noise of surprised pleasure, as when he recomposed himself enough to glance back down at Dean, the man seemed very pleased with himself, barely suppressing his smile as he went back in to swirl his tongue around the head.
The experiment Dean had been assigned to monitor that day is in the same node where Cas is working. Dean, who is waiting for his samples to be centrifuged down, floats aimlessly in his spot, horizontal and staring at Cas upside-down. Cas, on the other hand, types away on his computer, the keys
With such close proximity, Castiel snuck a hand around Dean’s waist to feel his rear, to memorize the shape underneath his fingers. Dean gasped and rutted against Castiel, the clothed arousal indicative of the pleasure he received with a pretty cock in his mouth.
The voice is calming and familiar, which is the only reason Dean doesn’t startle. When he glances towards its source, he finds that Padre Abascal has joined his side where he’s leaning over a fence, and he’s greeted with a warm smile.
Dean likes it out here. The world offers him only the sky and the prairie, rolling for endless acres into the heavens… Dean knows it all like the back of his hand: he grew up here, after all. It’s familiar enough territory that it’s somewhere he calls home. (Even with how far he’s traveled, it’s a place to which he always longs to return). That’s why he’s happy: tending cattle on his beloved mare and saving people from the supernatural for the rest of his days with his beloved by his side, Dean Winchester is in apple pie order.
“You know,” Charlie says, “I’ve always thought… Isn’t the narrator admitting that he’s guilty? Not of anything in particular but… even though he’s pleading innocence—or at least asking for pity—he’s saying that he deserves it.”
The desert night is cool on Dean’s face, but the bristles of a growing beard keep him warm, along with the insulation with which his duster provides. Watching the campfire in the distance, away from the herd, dimmed to a couple crackling logs, Dean begins to sing:
Pulse now rabbiting, he leans forward, pushing Impala as fast as she can ride in the direction Joe is supposedly stationed. He’s lucky that Impala’s the fast horse he knows, in addition to the fact the cattle are slowed by the weight that they have maintained over the course of the entire drive (with the careful calculation of distance Dean has made sure to follow exactly).
Sam finds him propped up behind a boulder, hidden from the campfire but with the bed ground spread out before him. The ground is muddy under his duster, causing him to slide slowly down the slight incline, but he doesn’t say anything of it. Sighing, Sam crouches beside him.
Even though he rolls his eyes, Cas has a matching smile. “How could I ever think that when you’re standing right here?” Dean is about to protest, but Cas simply presses his held hand against Dean’s mouth to stop him from speaking. “Stop downplaying yourself: if I have to remind you how much you mean to me and everyone else on this ranch each and every day of my life, then so be it.”
Pay-ati already seems to understand what’s going through Dean’s head, and does his best to calm him and push him back down onto the mattress. “Castiel is in the next room. He is still asleep, but we have also been taking care of him and watching him very closely.”
If he wanted any success in tracking the stranger, he couldn’t be obvious about it. Castiel fumbled with his sheriff’s badge, tugging the pin loose from the fabric and tucking it into the vest pocket just beside.
.” Castiel is so steady compared to Dean that he gulps, attempting to compose himself. “Based on what we’ve been through together, I would have thought I’d known what you are ‘
Instead of bracing for the impact, Charlie moves to the side to slow the bin down and lead it into the dock. “What is it?”
Most definitely. Even in times like this, he finds himself yearning to reach out, yearning to intertwine their very souls, but the notion isn’t as possible as it once was. Nevertheless, Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s neck, letting his fingers brush against Cas’s shoulder blades as if they could still touch the stronger branch of each wing.
Sometimes he’ll watch a movie with Charlie and Ash. Sometimes he’ll simply float in the Cupola and stare out the window, watching the clouds and all their ever-changing shapes, scanning the landscape to see if he can recognize where they’re stationed over at that very moment. Whenever he can, Dean brings along his camera and photographs little moments here and there, whether it’s one of the scientists amidst their work or whatever they can see of the Earth.
Over the next period of days, despite the fact that he remains at Cas’s bedside for most of the time, Dean relents to the persistence of his family and goes on at least one walk a day; really, it’s good for him, and every day he can feel himself growing stronger.
Turning his head to peer at the other end of the bar, Castiel watched as the stranger tilted his head back and laughed, his smile etched into the corners of his eyes. Crowley was grinning at him from the other side of the bar, and Castiel curled his hand around his drink hard enough to dig his nails into the glass.
and curls his tail around Benny’s hand. Both Dean and Benny watch Blondie in silence, content merely with the creature’s antics.
Dean, hunched over on the plush sofa, avoids Missouri’s soul-piercing gaze and plays with his hands.
Before Cas starts monitoring their exercise periods, he gives them each a preliminary checkup, recording their resting heart rates and blood pressure as well as their blood oxygen levels. Dean doesn’t know
“Back when this all started,” Dean first says, “back when I was still looking for answers, I met this… this girl you’d saved. I was trying to get some of your legend out of her,
In all honesty, if Castiel had foregone this barrier Dean had placed between them, reached through and pulled Dean back, Dean would go to him; Dean almost
At first, Dean spends as much time around Cas as he had when the man had yet to wake, but it also gives him the time and space to think. In fact, the longer Cas stays awake, the more frequent he’s aware, the less time Dean spends around him.
Without fail, Dean always wakes in his own bed, and every time, no matter how much pain he’s in, he drags himself out of his room and directly to Cas’s bedside. His family protests, at first, but Dean’s stubbornness is truly a force to be reckoned with, and at some point, a cushioned armchair is discreetly moved into Cas’s room.
When he turns to face Dean, he’s smiling warmly, and not unkindly. “I remembered a popular song.” Dean isn’t sure whether to comment on how it’s like the song was written precisely for him, used to be accurate, or mention it at all. “If what I heard is true,” Padre Abascal continues, “then he will not give up. He is strong, and he has much to live for.”
Upon finding that Cas isn’t familiar with any of the classics, Dean adjusts his lunch playlist and sings along even to the guitar solos, reveling in each smile it draws out of Cas. Cas, on the other hand, takes it upon himself to explain why the great Russian composers of the nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries were so magnificent; Dean gives him all of his attention… even if it’s mostly focused on the sound of Cas’s voice rather than what he’s actually saying.
It’s not just the labour that takes some extra getting used to: cowboy duty includes a lot of spending time outside, but there is something really special about standing out all day in the summer prairie, sweating through your shirt so that the soaking fabric sticks to your shoulder blades and the small of your back. The early afternoon is miserable, where everyone tries to have lunch at the hottest hour, swarming to the shade like flies, but the worst of it continues, and they overheat in long clothes that protect them from sunburn anyhow.
This includes dinner and a crew conference, which generally occur at the same time. These can be a bit lazier if they’ve been working hard, but they remain casual nonetheless. Mainly, they keep track of what tasks have been done, what materials have been used, and if there were any issues or worries around the station.
in Heaven right now,” he confirmed, “but I don’t think you’re dead.” He eyed Dean’s bloodshot eyes and rumpled hair.
“You misunderstand me,” the padre says, shaking his head and smiling warmly. “It will never be what it was,
After his meal is finished, Dean swings himself up onto Impala, leading them to go relieve Tito of his watch from the northeast of the herd. The cattle are still, content with the lazy grazing they have at their disposal and resting off the digestion. Smiling, Dean begins to whistle aimlessly.
Around the campfire (which Garth is currently trying to revive with the dry firewood from the chuckwagon), everyone sits and chatters as if nothing had even happened.
Dean stares at the ground, struggling to wrap his head around everything he’s been told. Hell, he really
“N-No! Not at all!” Cas gives him a skeptical look, and Dean shakes his head and exhales. “You can check my temperature if you’d like, but I should be clean.”
Castiel spends all of his time in the chuckwagon, too weak to ride a horse for the entirety of the trip. Dean maintains his distance, letting Impala lead at the front of the party while they ride and keeps primarily to himself while they rest. It’s a long and slow journey, but everyone’s tired, so no one immediately picks up on how neither Dean nor Cas speak, how they don’t sit together and don’t sleep by each other’s side.
Castiel swayed forward to rejoin their lips but missed as Dean slid down, dropping to his knees as if to pray. Understanding his intention, Castiel leaned back against the door, hand straying to stroke back Dean’s hair with tenderness.
. I just have a lot of unanswered questions.” Dean doesn’t mention that he can’t stop wondering why the Desert Angel took so much care of him while blatantly avoiding everyone else.
And if he reveled in the triumphant smirk that took over Dean’s lips as Castiel moved to unlock the cell, there was no one present to witness the event.
“Maybe it doesn’t mean anything,” Sam brings up. “Most songs are pulled out of people’s asses, I’m surprised this one turned out accurate so far.”
After the meeting is over, the thought lingers on Dean’s mind, written in ink on the back of his hand. He stops by a second-hand antiques store, picking up a leather-bound journal to add to his limited collection of space luggage.
More silence, and Dean wants nothing more than to go home and take a long nap once this call is ended.
With the sun finally beginning to set, there were plenty of shadows for Castiel to hide, and the desert air was cooling rapidly. Castiel let himself linger for a few more minutes, checking that his hair was tucked under his hat, that his sheriff’s badge was hidden in his vest pocket, that his shirt was smoothed down. Exhaling, he hardened his expression and pushed his way into the saloon.
His breath was sweltering on his lip. Underneath his vest, his shirt clung to his chest, steadily soaking through as he boiled alive. There was a handkerchief in his pocket—he’d swipe it across his forehead and over his lip—but there wasn’t a thread that was anything but damp anymore. A bead of sweat gathered at his hairline, trickling down the back of his neck and tickling his skin, rolling down and down and down his back until it was absorbed by a part of his shirt that wasn’t already saturated.
When Castiel glanced out the window again, the stranger was gone, but his horse was still tied to the post where he’d left it.
From somewhere in his all-encompassing mental exhaustion, a smile slips onto Dean’s lips, accompanied with an all-too-familiar blossom of pride in his brother. “He’ll be alright. Kid’s tough as nails, and he didn’t get to where he is now with luck alone.”
Thrusting so that his pelvis is pushed up against his fist, he lets the last of his spend spill onto the ground, streaking the grass beneath his boots with sticky threads. His legs quake with the exertion and his breath is shaky, but his mind hums with post-orgasmic bliss, satisfied at last.
Though there’s always a consistent ache, the constant burn all over his body is manageable compared to what it was earlier, so Dean sits up, letting himself simply plant his feet on the ground as he steels himself through the wave of light-headedness. He’s still a bit shaky, but he’s been in this damn bed for far too long.
’ the best, by now. Even when I didn’t know you so well, have been through both life and death with you, I’ve always told you that you deserve more than you believe, and I believe this now more than ever.”
Dean’s heart thuds in his chest, and he glances at Cas from the side of his helmet, meeting his eye in mutual trepidation. Cas responds to mission control as Dean gives him an awkward thumbs up.
Dean’s mouth twitched as he stared at the game, and he pursed his lips. “Didn’t find what I needed out East.”
White Bandit. He danced through flames, around taunting demons, taming the fire itself to bow to his command. Dean thinks of those times in flight where the wind would part for them, soaring over land in the blink of an eye as Cas’s strong wings lifted them. He thinks of how they felt under his touch, the feeling of their souls intertwining, embracing to a depth Dean had never felt before and would never feel again. He thinks of the glow behind Cas’s eyes, so filled with not only power but of warmth and
Every cowboy has their own method of keeping the sleeping beeves calm, lulling them and letting them grow accustomed to noise so that something as simple as dismounting a horse won’t startle them and cause them to stampede. Rufus always brings out his old blues harmonica, and many of the cowboys that can’t sing will usually just whistle.
The situation only persists when Cas starts monitoring Dean’s exercise sessions: Dean can pinpoint the moment Cas realizes that Dean’s resting and elevated heart rate are oddly similar. He takes Dean’s blood pressure again and again to make sure, and Dean, strapped to the treadmill via bungee cords so that he doesn’t float away, can hardly concentrate on running with Cas’s inquisitive eyes on him the entire time.
Little Joe was one of the strays that wandered into the Singer Ranch, just a year ago last April; the ranch gets a lot of strays, including Charlie and the occasional chuck-line rider that stumbles into their yard.
She shakes her head. “No, no, I mean… There’s only half the amount of pictures of me than of Cas, and even less of everyone else.”
“No…” Something of unknown origin twists in his stomach. “Never. By the look of it, I’d say he’s been alone for a long time.”
He takes a deep breath, ignoring how his brother is visibly restraining his laugh. “Demons are tough shit, but it’ll suck ass if we know what a demon’s
As Dean waits for the lag to catch up, he glances over at Cas, who has gone around behind their seats to grab something from his bag. Cas is already looking back at him with exasperation. Dean shoots him a grin in return.
” Dean’s voice only raises because he’s panicking, and when his arms flew up in gesture, Cas flinched. “I never…
Castiel was fully aroused by the time Dean pulled off with a lewd pop — he was so riled up that he was close to bucking his hips against Dean’s face, filling the man’s mouth until he choked.
The floorboards creaked under their weight and there was a lingering scent of smoke embedded into the walls of the hotel, but Azazel wasn’t sitting at his post, allowing Castiel’s presence to remain discreet. (Castiel wasn’t fully aware of why this idea was so important to him, but some part of him was grateful that Azazel happened to be away).
Dean barks out, but it’s already too late, with Charlie laughing loudly and leaning against his shoulder. He hits his brother over the head, but Sam only laughs harder. “
“They’re… so hard to reroute,” Dean admits, laughing because he doesn’t know how else to release that bubble of tense energy.
“We rode down to Santa Fe, because it was faster,” Pay-ati breaks the silence, somehow reading Dean’s mind. Dean lets his gaze stray up to his caretaker and fellow cowhand. “Right now, we are in the St. Michal dorms.” So this was probably Padre Abascal’s room, or at least he had made arrangements for it. Some of the tension eases from Dean.
knows she knows…  which means she’s getting him to self-reflect. In response, Dean boxes in the tightening of his chest, playing with his sleeve to distract himself.
Cas’s voice is like a whisper in his ear. Dean can’t yet bring himself to tear his gaze away from the window, still staring at the all-encompassing nothingness that envelops the sky.
Stubborn as he is, Dean lingers by the bed grounds, watching how some of the beeves decide to sit instead. When he hears someone on a horse approach him, he decides to pay them no mind.
Pulling himself over to his own luggage, Dean rummages around, tucking his therapy journal and a pen underneath his arm before finally locating his camera from the depths of his folded clothes. Barely closing his bag, he pushes off the wall and clambers over to their seats again, contorting himself so that he can find the perfect angle.
“Raise two,” he finally decides, smoke lazily swirling from his mouth as he pushes in his own chips. His eyes flicker to Dean.
Cas stares at Dean’s photo for a long time — so long that Dean becomes aware of how his arm unsteadies, barely quivering as he holds the camera.
Castiel had partially convinced himself that he had dreamt up the ever-elusive Dean Winchester — in fact, with his subject bathed in the hazy dawnlight that filtered into the cell, Castiel wasn’t entirely sure if he was real in that very moment. What were you supposed to do, when a phantom of the past (three months ago, to be precise, but time had warped those days into an eternity each) drifted back into your midst? What were you supposed to do, when the very figure you refused to accept that you’d been thinking about reappeared just as quickly as they’d left? What were you supposed to do when you drank from the oasis, only to wake with sand in your mouth and a sunburn on your shoulders?
“If this makes it any easier for you,” Missouri continues, “think of it as a scientific log on the experience. Something I could read and analyze to further our understanding of space psychology. A way for you to record what it’s
Without looking up, Dean tapped his chest where Castiel’s sheriff badge would have been hidden inside of his vest pocket. “Felt it.” He moved a queen in one swift motion. “Check.”
. Charlie has a smile worth a million suns and the brightest red hair, and despite her smaller stature, she gives Dean one of the best hugs he’s ever had.
Though Castiel was left with two moves to prevent the game from ending right then and there, he stared at the board, feeling the tips of his fingers beginning to warm as he tried to process exactly what Dean had said.
At some point, Cas sits up, propping himself against the wall so Dean can still move relatively freely in his lap. Dean’s hands trace Cas’s shoulders, fingertips barely brushing over the tattooed remains of wings that slope down his back.
Mission control takes the photo from the camera they’re using to livestream the event; they have to take two, in fact, as Dean isn’t looking at the lens in the first picture.
Joe isn’t actually an orphan like Charlie or some of the other cowboys they get through the ranch: his sob story went something like his Pa had married twice, and his new Ma whipped him every day or two, so he saddled up on his old Texas pony and rode up to Kansas for work. Bobby took easy pity on him, teaching him how to wrangle horses and herd cattle for the next upcoming drive. He’s a hard worder, Dean’ll give him that, but he deserves the rest of his childhood.
Not to mention the fact that the townspeople had seemed to grow only more disdainful of Castiel’s mere presence. Long had it been since he’d attempted to seek the reason, attempted to mend his public image.
Dean nudges his copilot gently with an elbow. “It’s good to be back, isn’t it?” he murmurs, leaning in closer to Cas. Cas’s expression immediately softens, and Dean feels like he’s falling, caught by a new gravitational force that draws him in (which couldn’t possibly be anything other than the force Charlie is exerting on his opposite shoulder).
Dean, who is hanging out in his sleep station, doesn’t take his eyes off the report he’s working on. “Yeah, what’s up?”
Instead of denying or trying to one-up the statement, Dean hums his acknowledgement. “One of us is gonna have’ta learn how to be selfish.” After a beat, Dean clears his throat. “Oh, and, uh, if I forgot to say it… me too.”
Dean shrugs, grin no less bright. “It’s definitely something memorable, though, wouldn’t you agree?”
as he has to perform the routine station inspections during this time as well as scarf down some breakfast — even if that breakfast is nothing more than some peanut butter on a tortilla).
Smiling fondly, he tilts his head back far enough that his hat slips off, watching Cas approach and dust his fingers over Dean’s shoulders.
Rising slowly, Dean settles onto the mattress beside where Cas is laying, reaching out to brush some stray hairs from his face. In his sleep, Cas leans into the touch, and Dean swallows around the lump that begins to grow in his throat.
“Like I said, it was many years ago now.” The look in Cas’s eyes grows distant. “Though, it feels like no time has passed at all. He was… He was my only family, for a very long time. We always had each other, but now…?” Cas stares into his firewater, as if the alcohol will somehow produce an answer. “Now I’m alone.”
Barely rounding the herd and siding beside Joe, he pulls back the hammer of his own pistol and shoots another blank, diverting the cattle northeastwards.
Castiel told himself, reminding himself of his drink. He reached for it with surprising effort—ensuring that his hands remained steady—and focused on the whiskey in a futile attempt to clear his head. His cheeks were radiating heat, most likely reflecting the pretty pink dusted across Dean’s face. When he set his glass back down, Castiel rolled up his sleeves.
Dean looks up to see Cas approaching him, offering him a roll of bread. Dean takes it as Cas sits down beside him, digging into his own breakfast.
While they sort through experiments and carry them to their designated facilities, Dean finds the crate holding Benny’s experiment and pauses.
Dean hopes it’s not the case. By God, he’d be happy staying here forever, if he could. Thing is, fate isn’t exactly on his side lately, and he has a horrible feeling he’ll be ripped away from it all sooner rather than later.
Outside, the cool air that hit their skin was refreshing, the firewater in their systems making everything fuzzy around the edges. The overcast sky shrouded most of the town in darkness, and Dean was rendered to an outline of a shadow in Castiel’s eyes — they, in a sense, became somewhat of a secret to the town like that, silent except for the crunch of their footsteps against the gravel and the soft sound of their breaths. If anything, Castiel only buzzed with more excitement, heart thumping loudly in his chest.
Weekends are also host to various tournaments any crewmember crafts up. Since someone a mission or two ago brought up a velcroed chess board, there’s always at least one game that occurs per week. Crowley remains the crowned champion for two weeks (much to Cas’s frustration) until Charlie relents and finally plays with someone other than Dean. She checkmates Crowley in an hour.
They stand there in silence for a while, giving Dean time to recollect himself, and in the process, almost forgetting that he isn’t alone. Because when Padre does speak again, it almost startles Dean.
The hammer of the pistol clicks the barrel into place, and he rushes ahead, just to the south of the stampede and…
Dean laughs humorlessly. In all honesty, he almost feels like being saved was—in a sense—damning. At this point, there’s very little Dean wouldn’t do for the man; in fact, here he was, ready to sacrifice himself without any hesitation, just to make sure all the ones he loves would make it out alive, and Castiel is the only other bastard insane enough to do the same, and…
When Gabriel became human, he was protected by the watch, and he had almost three decades to get accustomed, to be relieved of the pain.
Also going to throw out a general warning that Alastair is... not so great of a person, haha. He really pushes some limits, so just a heads up.
bad,” Garth says when the meeting is over. “And you know, Benny made sure that I’d let him tell you the news first.”
Castiel blinked back at his reflection in the dingy mirror propped up against the wall. He ran a hand back through his dampened hair, seeing how shorter strands curled back up when not forced down.
“He never texted me a second time he was free,” Dean says, but he knows it’s an excuse the moment it leaves his lips.
Everything had been decided for Castiel: it was the state that sent him off to Heaven as the new Sheriff. The few times he visited his family, they bemoaned that he was growing too old to be without a wife, that at some point, he’d have to pick one of the nice girls to whom he’d always be introduced.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean sighs, running his fingers back through his hair. “I can’t imagine how stressful this past week has already been for you.”
Taking a deep breath, Dean rubs his eyes as a façade to bury his face, garnering what little strength he has to be candid. “I care about him—
Benny, on the other hand, looks mildly unimpressed. “You’re sharing the next five months with him, brother.”
The solar flare put some of their instruments on the fritz, and Dean is tasked to go out to do some diagnostics and improvised repairs. Midway through the process, however, Dean finds that his oxygen levels are draining faster than they should be, and he’s soon met with utter silence, alone in his spacesuit as he tries to conserve his breath. He can feel the tension from all the way out here, of the crew waiting in anticipation, not daring to speak a word.
About halfway into Dean’s stay, a solar flare hits the ISS. It’s in the middle of the night, and they only get a few minutes’ notice.
anything from me either, not even my hope. Fast as the wind, though. Like he doesn’t weigh a feather.”
As predicted, they reach Dodge City in September. In celebration, having built up to where the station foundation is laid out and started by the other builders, someone arranges for plenty of firewater to be available for the railroad workers after their meal. Dean indulges himself plenty, but even Cas is convinced to have a few drinks, joining in the general looseness of the party with his easier smiles and lazier stares.
Out of habit, his gaze falls upon Cas, who’s sprawled out on his stomach, just as overheated as everyone else.
“Good afternoon indeed,” Azazel murmured, bringing the cigarette to his lips and inhaling, the end of the brain tablet glowing an embery orange. As he brought the cigarette away, he blew a slow stream of smoke into the air, and Castiel tried not to flinch.
Doesn’t even make sense.” Dean shifts in his spot, not voicing his discomfort at what the line could imply.
Castiel leaned against his forearms on the far end of the bar top. Upon spotting the stranger at the other end of the bar, Castiel bowed his head, keeping the brim of his hat over his eyes and his ears open.
Castiel still didn’t know what Dean’s purpose in Heaven was. Somehow, for some reason, Castiel had been drawn to this man, and now that he had him all to himself, he wasn’t exactly sure where he was supposed to go from there.
Taking a deep breath out, Castiel turned around slowly, forcing himself to keep his eyes on the other in an effort to gauge his reaction.
Most of the time, Dean is conducting experiments from scientists down on Earth or collecting data from ongoing experiments already onboard.
Shaking away the smoking match before the flame could singe his fingertip, Castiel tossed it away and circled around his desk, warily eyeing if there was any new paperwork haphazardly tossed onto its surface.
Dean was correct in stating that he was experienced, that he knew exactly how to pull Castiel apart: at first, he’d test the waters, kissing up and down the length and running the tip of his tongue where it was the most sensitive. When he was first swallowed down, felt the tip brush against the back of Dean’s throat and
The only light in the room comes from the moonlight that can drip through the window, but it’s more than enough for Dean to see. Two figures are slumped in chairs near his bed—Sam and Charlie, now that he’s concentrating—having fallen asleep on nurse duty. When Dean finally stands up, wobbling and grabbing the nightstand for support, he’s careful to be light on his feet to avoid waking them.
It’s probably a miracle that he’s survived this long. Idly, Dean reminisces of how he’s been here before, sitting beside Cas’s sleeping figure — only, this time, he knows who he
Lingering in his step for a moment, Dean stares hard at the barely-concealed smile on his friend’s face before moving on as if nothing had ever been said. “They say it’s because he’s been on the waiting list forever, ready and waiting for the next flight, and since Roscosmos’ launch was delayed…” He hardly knows what he’s complaining about, and judging by the bemused look on his face, Benny seems to be wondering the same thing.
Having passed the worst stage in his healing, Dean remains awake for longer periods of time, poking at food whenever he’s given a meal and almost constantly chewing on willow bark.
“Dean, I’m serious. You won’t find anything in the dark like this. We can’t have you drown yourself for nothin’,” he jokes weakly, but it flies over Dean’s head.
their sympathetic stares on him, but he can’t bring himself to care, consumed by listening to the soft puffs of breath from the man in front of him.
Opening his mouth and then pressing his lips together once the point processes, Sam simpers, mockingly apologetic. “Dean… I already told you I don’t have anything else on the Bandit.”
Having been so distracted with his own words, Dean hadn’t noticed Cas rising from his bed, stumbling forward and crashing into Dean with an
Though he doesn’t actively try to interact much with Cas, they seem to drift together naturally, caught in each other’s orbit. Dean notices with some intrigue that Cas has the same distant disposition to him — he can tell, because they both use the mutual understanding of being tired from a hard day’s work while staying quiet at each other’s side. Nevertheless, this doesn’t discourage the mindless comment here and there, the idle conversation they make when they really are too tired to remember
There was a saloon in Heaven: the town had enough eastern influence to put up the façade of being a picturesque and devout community, but all that image did was tuck the saloon and the bed house in a side alley away from the main street. Castiel was aware of the questionable ordeals that occurred in that realm of Heaven, but he had learned early in his posting that it was better to keep his hands out of it.
“Garth’s getting better,” he exclaims with a mouthful of beans and bacon. Sam snorts without taking his eyes off his literature. Dean rips away some crust from his roll with his teeth. “What’s tonight’s big baddie?”
Since Cas is working with Roscosmos, he’ll be spending most of his time on the Russian side of the space station when not in the communal spaces; however, because Benny was originally scheduled to go up with Dean and there’s only two sleeping stations in Zvezda (which are currently occupied by Meg and Crowley), Cas has been relocated to Harmony… in the sleep station directly across from Dean.
It takes forever for the (what Dean assumes is) willow bark tea (with perhaps a hint of… something else) to kick in, and he isn’t exactly sure if his face is sticky from tears or sweat or both. Blinking his eyes open, squinting against the light, he sees Pay-ati holding him, making sure that he won’t start thrashing again when he eases him back down onto his pillow.
forgot, I’m so sorry, I should’ve at least called or something, but it slipped my mind, and—” Dean says in one breath before cutting himself off, stopping himself from rambling too incomprehensibly. Cas, who is probably trying to piece together the jumbled string of words Dean had just thrown at him through the phone, doesn’t say a word, and that silence is more suffocating than the dial tone from seconds before.
With a rare half-smile, eyes softening ever-so-slightly, Pay-ati responds in kind before leaving Dean by himself.
“Lost someone?” Dean asked, clearing his throat when he realized his voice was barely above a whisper.
, he reads Dean’s mind. “You… maintain a false presumption: I am being wholeheartedly honest when I say there has been no one else like you. All of my life, I’ve only been concerned with running away and moving on, staying at my brother’s side as we watched history pass us by; I still don’t know what drew me to you in that prairie fire, but somehow, you’ve changed my life. Being mortal, all of yours, you cannot understand, but… you gave me a future I never thought I could have.
It’s then that he turns around and sees Cas lingering in Harmony, idly observing what Dean’s doing. Dean navigates his food bin into the node and shifts his attention to the astronaut.
Exhaling, Dean tilts his head to the side, resting his cheek on his arm. He’s sitting on the floor, having foregone the chair for once so that he doesn’t have to strain his neck staring down at Castiel.
With Benny pushing him into a corner, staring at him pointedly while his mind remains blissfully void, Dean stares at the blank screen of the phone in his hands. He’s aware that he’s acting immature, but with everything happening so quickly, it feels like he hasn’t had the time to catch up yet. Not only that, but trying to picture the vague face of this Russian stranger in place of Benny’s makes Dean want nothing more than to see if his phone will make a dent in the wall opposite to where he’s sitting.
When Castiel tipped his head slightly, Dean’s jaw tensed before he finally gave in. His movements were almost hesitant as he leaned forward, and he couldn’t meet Castiel’s eye as he handed over his drink. The bottle was set to the side immediately.
“It was… my brother,” he chooses his words carefully, like he’s avoiding the impact any alcohol would have on his speech. His expression is blank. “I lost him to… a couple of bandits.”
Azazel mocked offense. “Did your momma never teach you your manners? It’s rude to ask about business.” When Castiel bristled in frustration, he cackled. “But just your standard three dollars, if you’re so curious.”
When he’s near enough to camp once again, he can see the other cowhands scramble around, some coming to meet him halfway, some solemnly watching him pass. He refuses any help he’s offered, but he’s grateful when he sees his brother read his mind, rushing to the chuckwagon to retrieve the kid’s hen skins. Laying them out on the ground, Dean approaches without a word, laying the boy down gently onto his bedding.
Though Dean misses how the sky is painted with the first colors of dawn, he lets the fire die away as more light filters over the horizon, casting a shine over the still-damp desert. When there’s only a few embers left in the firepit and Dean can see each of the cowhands sleeping with perfect clarity, he rises, drifting like a lost phantom to his horse. Impala seems to be in good enough spirits for having just been woken up, but Dean doesn’t even bother saddling her up, swinging up bareback before ushering her to the bed ground.
Dean lets the watch slip from his hand, dropping to the ground below him. Cas doesn’t say a word as Dean steps forward, obscuring the open watch underneath his boot as he presses into it, forcing the glass to crack and splinter until loose shards escape into the dirt. Without needing an invitation, Cas lends his own boot, holding down the lid so they could snap the watch completely in half.
Though Dean was by no means a small person, Castiel was able to lift him with relative ease — only struggling with the awkward position into which Dean had somehow twisted himself. Dean’s grip was strong around Castiel’s arms. Castiel wrinkled his nose at the smell of stale alcohol on the other’s breath. Together, they untwisted Dean’s legs from the ratty sheet on the top bunk, until Dean was standing (loosely speaking) on the ground, leaning all of his weight into Castiel’s hold.
Reaching for his hat and shrugging on his overcoat, Castiel left his office and stepped out into the blazing sun.
“Because, y’know, he’s really an attractive guy—that’s just plain fact, an objective point—with all the dark hair and bright blue eyes and a voice you could go to sleep to and that whole
“History, Dean,” Sam explains, closing the book at last. He takes his bowl and continues eating. “A lot of those demons probably existed and probably still do, and sometimes you can even get information based on how other people interact with them.”
Benny?” Dean chokes out, and Benny’s laughter clips with the questionable connection. “I’ll have you know I joined that back on my first flight up, thank you very much.”
,” Sam murmurs, grabbing his sleeve. Dean yanks himself out of his brother’s grasp before he thinks better of it.
“I’m serious, Dean,” Benny says. “Stop throwing me a pity party and go meet the guy. Gotta see what kind of mental preparation you’ll need in the next month.”
“I thought I was happy with my life as it was, but with all that you’ve done, how my life has changed since you first saved me… thank you, for that. I’ll always be yours, if you’ll have me.”
Does Dean need a reason? He’s entranced by the way Cas’s hands hover over the keyboard, how his fingers are poised over their last letters and how his veins run like rivers beneath his skin. He’s entranced with the way his eyes squint in concentration at the screen, how his lips curl into a pout as he tries to process what he’s reading.
“Oh, that’s just unfair,” Dean says with a mouthful of toothpaste, capturing Cas’s attention. “And you probably woke up early to run too, didn’t you?”
Castiel’s intentions? His nerves were alight with the firewater, drowning out any thoughts he had prior until they were faded and distant. And he wasn’t
“So what now?” his companion asks, idly looking into his near-empty glass of old tom. “Another few nights in the bed-house? Find some good firewater?”
Dean intricately describes why it’s best to put the spinach underneath the shredded mozzarella to Charlie; he also finishes his own pizza with an artistic touch (by making a lopsided smiley face out of the pepperoni, which he claims is infinitely better than the slightly-more-detailed spinach-bell pepper-and-pepperoni face Charlie makes). Cas makes something that is starting to resemble a salad, whereas Ash’s pizza is almost completely obscured by pepperoni. Crowley commits a crime against humanity that is only sardines and olives on top of the tomato sauce, and Meg has the most normal looking cheesy-pepperoni pizza out of all of them.
“I, for one, am glad that you came up here with us,” he murmurs, pointedly avoiding eye contact. His heart thuds in his chest, like it’s beating against the bars of its cage and pushing his entire body back toward the Earth.
With his meal in hand, a roll dunked into the warm liquid, Dean sets out to find his brother on the other side of the campfire. On the opposite side of the fire from the bed ground, Dean can hear the Mexicans’ loud chatter, already well into their gut warmer.
“Yes, a journal… and the main exercise I want you to focus on is writing what you feel—physically, that is—what you are thinking, and what you are feeling, emotionally, at that specific moment in time. I am, I think, I feel.”
“Buck up, kid,” Dean tells him, ruffling his hair. “Only a few hours ‘til midnight, and then we go wake Sammy and Garth.” Little Joe grumbles at the physical contact, whacking Dean’s hand away.
Resisting the urge to grimace, Dean slumps back in his chair, taking out his phone. “With an introduction like
Dean is not entirely sure if he’d like his story written down: on paper, it would feel… permanent, and out of his control, once set free into the world on ink. Then again…
Castiel didn’t move for a moment, staring back down at the pretty green eyes that stood out in contrast to their bloodshot state. Dean’s cheeks were growing redder under the rough stubble that left him looking further disheveled due to remaining upside-down. It was as if he were radiating heat, glowing, burning brighter than the sun, and Castiel could feel it like the flame of a match inching closer toward his fingertip.
he whispered, words warm on Castiel’s lips. Dean was so close that he was all Castiel could see, eyes drawn to the pretty lips that barely moved as he spoke. If it weren’t so dark in the room, Castiel could probably count every freckle on Dean’s face.
The metal of Charlie’s spoon clinks against the edge of her bowl: she’s decided to go back to eating. Sam, also eager for the alteration in conversation, asks Charlie about any other mythical songs she might happen to know. Dean remains silent for the time being, already deciding that it’s a good time to reach for his flask of firewater.
The drunk groaned loud and long, and with the squeaking of metal, must have fallen off the jail cot. Sighing, Castiel left his coat on the coat hanger and rolled up his sleeves, approaching the holding cell with resignation.
Before Dean could say anything in return, their drinks were placed in front of them. Grateful for the distraction, Castiel faced forward and took his glass, wordlessly mirroring his new companion in a silent toast.
Dean frowns at his handwriting. Explaining that thought process in detail feels… exposing, even if that’s probably Missouri’s intention with this exercise.
“I never said that was the case,” she counters smoothly. “Based on your observations, you said Castiel is awkward around others, and not to mention surrounded by brand-new peers who are constantly speaking a language that isn’t his first. Why do your first thoughts automatically lead to self deprecation?”
going to defend him, apparently. He keeps his pie hole shut for the moment, brain still too sluggish to properly argue anyhow.
Benny grins, which contradicts the foreboding he’s built otherwise. When Dean frowns, Benny shakes his head.
During one of the occasions Cas monitors her scheduled exercise periods, he mentions Dean’s abnormally high heart rate in passing.
Every sound carried in this weather: the creaking of the wooden wheels as their cogs inched along, the groaning of floorboards in the building next door, the idle humming of the town drunk as he stumbled by. Even from within the room—the steady tick of a grandfather clock, the neat scratching of a pen against paper—could be enough to drive a man mad.
