She swore and slammed her phone down. Castiel’s voicemail message had been funny the first time she’d heard it but now she wanted to throw her phone against a wall every time she heard it.
All this talk during their knitting sessions about Castiel’s friends, his family, and this was not how she expected any conversation with them to go.
Cas nodded, like this was his first thought too. “Jack doesn’t fit them, but I did donate them so hopefully they will be of use.”
So when the wool order came in Juliet was ecstatic. It was an actual reason to call, without seeming like a stalker and losing her job.
“Hey,” she called out. “It’s Dean right?”
“Yeah,” she said softly. “He came by every week and made different things for the baby, for Kelly, and for you and Sam.”
“Yes, that's a great place to start with baby stuff. I think for a beginner, baby hats are a simple place to start.”
He was interwoven into Castiel’s core. But Cas never made him anything. Maybe he thought it’d be too obvious if he let himself make things for Dean. Maybe none of it seems special enough. Whatever the reason, Castiel seemed content with his current situation and set on maintaining it. Juliet would leave him to it. For now.
Juliet gaped at him. While she wasn’t surprised at the development per se - Castiel was easy bait for some of the women in the group and he’d barely looked at them - but it seemed as though he had just decided on his sexuality there and then.
She noticed the way his hand was tapping lightly on the counter as spoke, but his words were steady and earnest, despite whatever nerves and pain he was feeling. When she looked at him she could start to see the man Castiel had loved. Whatever flaws he had, it wasn’t a lack of love, or goodness. He was just a man who had lost someone, and wanted to possess any part of that person he’d missed out on.
Dean sighed. His arms were braced on the counter and they looked to be the only things holding him up. “Look. I’m sorry. I’ve had a fucking horrendous couple of weeks and I didn’t even know anything about this … craft stuff. Or that Cas had other friends.” Juliet shot him an incredulous look, and he did at least have the decency to look ashamed. His eyes had barely left the ground the entire conversation.
The Winchesters.
He looks in the rearview and locks eyes with him when he finds him already looking. Dean blanches slightly as he realizes he forgot something super important.
"I'm sure. Now, let's go meet your mother." Cas tugs on her hand and Dee guides her into the kitchen. Mom is by the stove, finishing up dinner and Ellen is putting what's already done in the correct dishes.
And Dean finally knows what his words mean. He finally knows the promise behind them, the devotion.
"What the hell are you up to, Cas?" he demands, glare deepening. His friend grins at him happily and Dean knows he won't be getting a direct answer - if he gets one at all.
"Shhh..." A low, rough, familiar voice hisses into his ear. "Promise you won't scream or yell?"
"Have you ever been kissed, Dean?" Cas asks him calmly, as if his question isn't totally out of left field.
Cas smiles beautifully under his hand. “I’m real,” he promises.
"Dean. Was I asleep?" Castiel asked, his eyebrows pulling into his typical confused expression.
Castiel clears her throat and takes a deep breath before speaking, "I've always loved the concept of the color green. It was one of the first colors my mother taught me. She told me it was the color of a blade of grass, of a leaf. She said it felt like spring, like a picnic, like laying in a field and feeling the damp grass under you as the sun warms your front. I never knew what she meant, but now I do. Her eyes are green. But not just any green. The greenest green I have ever seen. The only green I have ever seen. I imagine this is what my mother meant when she said 'sunlight through a blade of grass'. Or how a canopy of trees might look in the mid-day sun as the light filters through the leaves. Green is bright, made to remind you of lazy summer days, twirling a piece of grass between your fingers as you lay staring at the sky. Green is warmth, and love, and family. But 'green' doesn't even begin to describe what I see in her eyes. Brown and gold dance through a field of green, flickering with the lights. Happiness and love. The warmth of the sun on your skin. There is no word in any language I know that can describe what I see in your eyes, but only one in English can even come close. Perfection." She sits back down, stealing a glance at the eyes she had just described. The thirteen other students stay quiet until Professor Harvelle prompts them to continue sharing.
“I’m so mad at you, and you,” she added, pointing at Dean. “But I’m so happy. And confused.”
“Should you be calling your own stock ‘nasty’ to a potential customer?” he asked, fingers awkwardly forming quote marks. She wasn’t sure if it was intended to be a joke or not but Juliet found herself laughing. Yeah, she liked this guy.
They spent a few minutes looking at the wool together, and pulling some of the guy's favourite colours. He seemed particularly fond of the yellow. Juliet didn’t pull any more books for the guy, as he said he found the videos more helpful, instead she wrote down some more suggestions for him and pulled out a flyer from under the counter.
Each time she’d called and the phone had rang and rang and no one had answered, the horrible feeling in her gut grew. She was frustrated and worried and she felt sick to her stomach. What if Castiel really was involved with the mob? And something had gone horribly, violently wrong with a job? What if he was hurt, or worse, what if he was -
Juliet looked up instinctively. It was Trenchcoat Guy. He smiled at her awkwardly, like he knew it was something he was supposed to do, but wasn’t practised at the motion. When Juliet grinned back, genuinely happy to see him, he visibly relaxed.
She was focusing on the last row of a twisted rib stitch that had been giving her trouble, so when the bell rang Juliet didn’t look up, just charged on with the last few stitches and called out, “I’ll be with you in a second!”
“Then I would love to attend.”
So not really the kind of person she’d expect to see in a craft store. Unless he was looking for some improvised weapons.
Castiel had already made her a scarf, and a hat of her own, so she supposed gloves were inevitable.
Deflection, again. Juliet was getting more and more uncomfortable by this conversation and she needed answers, despite the man’s obvious reluctance to give them. He was still on the phone though, so she figured she could try pushing again.
“It’s for our knitting circle, we meet every Thursday and it’s a really good way to learn quickly. But there’s no pressure, if it’s not your thing,” she added quickly, when she saw his face twist in what looked like skepticism.
Juliet laughed again, but fully this time. “I hope you do come back. Let’s get you set up with some basics.”
But even that had been a dead end.
“You just need to practice. Knitting isn’t really something you can just be perfect at when you first try it.”
, was palpable and compelling. She grinned at him.
Cas was beginning to actually look upset by the direction of the conversation, rather than just shy, so Juliet decided it was best to drop the subject. “You got it Cas. Thanks for telling me though,” she said sincerely, hoping to put him a bit more at ease. The man had just come out to her and she’d immediately bombarded him with more questions, it probably wasn’t the best idea to push. He might still be in the closet, what with the odd way he announced his sexuality to her.
“I won’t,” he said seriously. “I was told snitches get stitches.”
“But that doesn’t explain where he is.”
“He’s dead.”
“Hello!” he said as he waved at her, making a beeline straight for the counter. “You’re Juliet! I’m Jack. It’s so nice to meet you.”
“I thought I would try knitting?” he replied, more of a question than a statement. His hands were pressed onto the counter, and Juliet noticed that they were strong and nimble looking. He would be good at knitting, she could tell. Crafter’s instinct or something.
Despite his obvious discomfort with the turn the conversation was taking Dean looked happy. Lighter. Juliet wasn’t sure exactly what had happened since her last conversations with both Cas and Dean - both of them clearly in love with the other and suffering with it - and now, and she likely never would. Oh, she’d grill Cas as soon as she got him alone, without a doubt, but she supposed some things were private. But whatever their relationship was now, her friend was back, and nothing else mattered.
Castiel was in love with Dean Campbell.
It was nice. The awkwardness about Castiel’s love life was forgotten and Juliet lost herself in the familiar rhythms of her needles and gossip.
He nodded decisively. “I’ll practice. I have time.”
Castiel nodded. “Like the rainbow.”
“Don’t worry about that, it’s super casual. I’ll be there every week, cause I run it, but aside from that people drift in and out.”
was, the bell rang again. Two men bustled through the doorway, hands held, and her brain stopped working for a moment because she was sure that it was Castiel standing in front of her. The coat was slightly different, but everything else was just as she remembered.
Cas didn’t take his eyes off of Dean as he spoke, his face was open and fond. Juliet wondered again if this was normal for them, or anything had changed after his ‘death’. It hadn’t escaped her notice however, that they were still holding hands.
Juliet looked at it for a moment, the shock of its sound in the relative quiet of the shop cut through her frantic thoughts and made her freeze up. Then she saw the display. She snatched it up and answered.
“Look. He’s dead. He ain’t coming back. I just want to collect his stuff and then you can stop calling.”
“Jesus Christ.” Juliet was already sitting down, but she felt the need to fall back into her chair regardless. “When?”
“Dean. Tell me. Please.”
“Well I hope so, I’ve spent ten odd years practising.”
Cas’ eyes widened and he looked uncomfortable, shifting in his seat when he usually sat abnormally still. “Ah, no.”
So she spoke.
“So uh, what’s your name? I feel bad I keep calling you Trenchcoat Guy in my head.”
The day Juliet realised Castiel was in love with Dean, she was working on some Pride items during the knitting circle. She wasn’t really sure about the shades of purple, blue, and pink she was currently using, but she would use it herself if it wasn’t good enough for the display. Cas had noticed and quietly inquired about her project. She paused for a moment before answering, trying to decide whether to be honest or not. It was still a risk to talk about these things to relative strangers in Kansas, but in the store they’d never shied away from making their political beliefs known and Juliet thought she knew Cas well enough at this point to trust him.
He looked genuinely conflicted as he explained himself, and Juliet found herself growing angry. Cas had taken up a harmless hobby as a way to
“H-He told you about Kelly?”
That is, until the man in the trenchcoat walked through the doors.
There was something else Juliet learnt during their months of knitting sessions, Castiel had revealed it to her in dribs and drabs, scraps of conversations, and movements of hands, and she couldn’t believe she hadn’t noticed before.
She was just about to offer him a seat behind the counter, when he suddenly exhaled sharply and straightened up.
An odd name, but it suited him. Juliet saw the gesture for what it was though, an offer of friendship.
“Castiel said he will make me a Star Wars sweater though, so I don’t mind.”
“No,” she said, “but I’ll take it for now.”
“Oh no, that’s not it.” he smiled softly. “My work is … unpredictable a lot of the time. I don’t think I can commit to coming regularly.”
Juliet had worked in the store since high school, first part time, then moving to full time when she graduated. A lot of her classmates had fled the town as soon as they were able, feeling trapped and stifled by the small, sleepy streets. But Juliet was content. She could knit and read and listen to music, and most of the time she didn’t even have to interact with anyone.
“It’s lovely. I am aware of Pride, but the colours aren’t familiar to me. I don’t mean to be ignorant.”
Juliet smiled, a wave of fondness washing over her. Despite the anger she felt when Dean had first blustered into her store, she could tell that he cared about Castiel. More than cared. The guy clearly had issues - considering the fact he didn’t seem to know a lot about Castiel’s friends and hobbies - but there was no mistaking the way he felt about Castiel. Especially with the way his aching loss he was currently painted on his face.
“Are you sure you’re up to making fingers? They're fiddly little twats.” She avoided them when she could. Any day without double ended needles was a good one.
Dean scratched at the nape of his neck and looked at her awkwardly. “After you talked about showing, uh, love, with crafts and crap we thought, well Cas thought, me and Jack could learn too. Sammy as well, if he wants.”
“For us?” Dean actually looked shocked. It was a raw shock though, his mouth falling open slightly, eyes wide, looking at her like he was a child.
“Yes, emotions tend to be quite turbulent I think, in situations like this.”
There was silence for a long moment, a soft rustling sound, and then a sigh.
It’d been weeks since she’d last seen Cas, and while she was worried, there wasn’t much she could do. They saw each regularly in the store but that was it. They weren’t the kind of friends who text. And while she had his number, there was no real reason for her to call him. At the end of the day Cas was still a customer, and she couldn't exactly harass him for no real reason. Back when they first met, months ago, he had warned her that his work was unpredictable. This was exactly what he said may happen. So why was she so worried? Despite his warnings, there was something in her gut that told her that something was wrong.
“Look, I know you must think I’m a shitty friend. I didn’t even know he was friggin’ into knitting for Christ’s sake. But he’s gone. And he ain’t coming back,” he took a breath. “I’d really appreciate it if you could tell me what he’s been getting up to here. With you. What I missed.”
“What is-”
“God. That fucking sounds like him,” he laughed, and the sound came out watery. “Always thinking of other people. Fucking idiot.”
“Uh. Right. Juliet. With the crafts.” The words were stiff in his mouth, and his sudden awkwardness with the conversation only served to make him look years younger.
“You are very good at that,” he noted. Juliet knew she was good at what she did, but still, she felt herself blush slightly at the sincere praise.
“Yeah, that’s like the general umbrella ‘gay’ flag, although gay men generally tend to use that one,” she explained. Juliet pulled the list of flags and relevant colours she kept in her craft bag as reference.
“Um. I’ve been trying to get in contact with him for a few days, and I haven’t seen him for a while. Is he okay?”
A gravelly voice on the other end interrupted her. “This ain’t Cas. Who are you? Why do you keep calling?”
She’d keep an eye on him.
He looked at her for a moment and raised his eyebrow, she snorted.
He smiled at her again, warmer by the minute.
“Wait, hold the fuck up, you made him a mixtape?” Juliet asked Dean, her voice not hiding the incredulity. “What the fuck man, did you carry the watermelons as well?”
Dean laughed, sharply and without mirth. “Yeah, I guess not.”
When he looked at Dean she saw a man hollowed out. Someone had split him open and let the insides tumble out. It was painful to look at. He looked so out of place next to the shelves upon shelves of soft wool. He was rough and raw, an festering open wound, and he was staring at a shelf of blue four ply wool.
“My … friend is with child, and I read that handcrafted goods may be useful and appreciated gifts. But I have to admit I don’t know where to start.”
The Lebanon Craft Corner was a general graft and art store that specialised in fibre arts, and it was not usually busy. Lebanon was a small town to begin with, and most of the residents didn’t fall into the store’s expected demographic. But still, they did okay.
It was Dean.
“Here,” she pointed to the rainbow, which ended in brown and black. “There’s a few versions, but this is the one I’ll probably do as a scarf or shawl.”
“Crafts?” the voice laughed softly and sighed. “Fucking typical. Of course. Of course you’re Cas’ craft hook up.”
“Believe me, I’ve been trying to get him to stick around for years,” Dean quipped. Juliet pulled herself away from Cas and turned towards him.
“Uh yes. I think that may be necessary.”
Castiel was so effortlessly full of love - he was learning to knit for a baby he didn’t have any personal stake in for Christ's sake. (Not the father of the baby - that was another thing she’d learnt). Movies and books would imply that a lot of love was shown through words - epic declarations, affirmations, speeches - and whilst that was true of some people, Juliet knew that by and large love was shown through actions, and the act of creating something for someone else was one of the purest expressions of love that she knew.
“Cas, it’s knitting. It’s not like you’re getting wasted instead of looking after your kids. No job is so important that you can’t take an evening off.”
“Believe me lady, you don’t wanna know.” Honestly, from the rumours she’d heard about the Campbells, and what she’d learnt so far, Juliet was pretty sure she agreed with him. But that wasn’t the point. She was about to argue when she felt a hand on her shoulder. Juliet looked up at Cas.
“I haven’t given it to him yet,” he said. “Only Kelly knows about the knitting.”
Even though she had just had a major revelation about her friend, Juliet maintained her knitting and pivoted to conversation to more familiar topics. They talked idly about the impending birth of Kelly’s baby and the latest wool order he’d placed. She updated him on the latest drama from the wine nights (Cheryl was sleeping with her husband’s brother, and wasn’t shy about it).
Juliet swallowed, hearing the danger in the stranger's tone, and decided to change tact. “I’m Juliet. I work at the Lebanon Craft Corner? I have Castiel’s order.”
Dean snorted at that. “Cas I can see why you like her.”
Juliet sat at the counter with her phone pressed against her ear, listening to the phone line ring and ring for the sixth time that week.
“Hey.” The voice said sharply. “I asked first.”
Juliet grabbed his wrist and halted his progress, and she waited until he met her eyes.
“It’s a scarf for Pride, we usually do a big display. This one is the bisexual flag.”
“Oh, you have experience of situations like this do you?” Juliet replied sarcastically, before she could stop herself.
“There isn’t much to know I suppose.”
Juliet sighed. “I got that. It’s nice to meet you.”
This time it was Trenchcoat Guy’s turn to avert his eyes. He smiled sheepishly and pulled out a couple of lopsided looking hats from inside his coat.
“Yeah, it’s the reason that he came here in the first place. He wanted to make something for the baby.”
Her smile faltered when she saw who it was.
He rubbed a hand roughly across his face. “Fuck.” It was only a single, soft word but it sounded almost like a sob. Her heart broke looking at him. He was wrecked.
“What I mean is, I know a lot about your life, your friends, and what you think of them. But I don’t know a lot about
“That’s all I ask.” He smiled at her then, wider than she’d ever seen him smile before. Suddenly she felt tears fill her eyes, out of her control.
“Um, okay.” She looked around at the odd assortment of weird men in her craft store. “I’m sorry, who is this?”
“Let me show you some of the baby wool. You don’t want to use that nasty cheap acrylic stuff when you’re knitting for a baby.”
Cas didn’t answer her though, he just focused intently on his knitting working steadily and falling back into his rhythm.
Juliet’s current project sat neglected on her lap as she sat lost in thought, trying not to wonder once again if there was anything she could’ve done. She knew there wasn’t, Cas had obviously lived a dangerous, complicated life, but she wished there was some way he could’ve been safer. At least she hoped her friendship had meant something, as it didn’t seem like he had enough friends.
“I do.”
? Why do you have Castiel’s phone?”
“Cas. You are allowed to want things. You are allowed to do things because you want to do them. Anyone can look at you and see that you’re selfless. All you do is think about other people.”
Juliet accepted his words, because there was nothing else she could do, but she resolved to try and make their time together as fun and as stress free as possible. It was the least she could do.
The point was, as overwhelmingly complicated as this whole encounter would undoubtedly be, Dean wasn’t really the brawling kind anymore.
“Yeah, Cas, I kind of figured that out in the last—what? Eighty years?” Cas looked away again. Dean rested his calloused hand on the axe handle. “It wasn’t firewood I wanted, genius. I have central heating.”
He smiled. “Sure is. Building this place was my retirement present to myself. Name’s Bill.”
Cas nodded. He reached out a hand toward Bill, wrapped a strand of his power around the man’s chest, the gripped his fist and yanked back his arm. He could feel through his power the moment Bill was awakened by the new force pressing him into his chair. He struggled. He was strong—stronger even than Dean—but Cas almost appreciated the fight to hold him. This was something that he could do for Dean. He held steady, eyes on Dean, who had his eyes locked on the man in the chair.
“Again, I knew it was bullshit. That I was desperate and terrified and had tried every other way I could think of to get money, before I turned to that. I knew that if any one of them had taken mercy on me and just offered me the money I needed, I’d have been so grateful I’d have cried right then and there. I knew all that, but still, any time I’d look at a man and want him, I’d hear their voices saying ‘See? I knew you liked it.’ And I’d
Cas pressed a soft kiss to the back of his neck. He ran his fingers up Dean’s arms and along his sides. He gripped the small of his back and lifted himself up and to the side. He turned Dean to face him.
“You heard me.”
“You let me go into the cage, Dean. You let Lucifer rip my soul apart…”
He breathed out sharply through his nose, resisting. He gritted his teeth as the urge began to subside. Is this how it would be from now on? His desire for Dean a short leash that tugged him to attention at the slightest look or touch?
Dean set his jaw, cocked his gun, and took a breath. Bill closed his eyes. Cas waited—they all did—for the gunshot to ring out, but it never came. Dean just stood there, breathing heavily, wild eyes fixed on Bill. But he didn’t pull the trigger. He looked like he wanted to, badly. But he didn’t.
With a grunt of frustration, Dean backed away and lowered his gun, tucking it into his waistband. Bill’s eyes opened in surprise.
There was a rush of wings, and Dean opened his eyes to find they were kneeling on his bed upstairs.
There was a twinkle in his eye that made Dean cock an eyebrow. “Are you joking? You tell
Cas smiled. “I knew… I knew he was your friend. I knew you’d want him here. And he was a hunter, so I figured working with Rowena wouldn’t scare him quite so much. And he’d put together a little community in Purgatory—all the good monsters there lived with him and his family, and he protected them. They look up to him. He’ll help convince the rest of them to undergo the spell. He was the right choice.”
Cas let Dean steep in that silence, mainly because he was at a loss for how to fill it with anything helpful. He wished, not for the first time, that he had Sam’s way with words, Mary’s comforting presence, Charlie’s knack for injecting light into darkness. He wished that he had anything to offer Dean to make any of this better.
Running footsteps coming closer from the tree line to his right, then a familiar voice saying, “…the fuck?”
Maybe, with humans, it was different. Dean didn’t seem satisfied or at peace. Maybe Sam would have known better, and would have kept Dean pinned to that chair all night if he’d had to.
That wrath, that sense of righteous vengeance, bellowed at Cas to take his shot. He wanted to be the one to end this man that had seen a desperate boy in need, and decided to hurt and use him instead of helping him. He wanted to look into his eyes and understand what manner of creature could do a thing like that. He didn’t want to just burn him out with his power, either—he wanted to kill him with his own hands.
He stuck out his hand, and Bill took it, shaking it with gusto. “Listen, anytime you’re coming back through, you bring back your girl for a tune-up,” he said.
“Do you ever wonder,” said Dean, “why you’re never on the slab?”
When Cas bent to see to Dean’s neck, Dean whispered, “I wasn’t done.”
Cas looked down at his vessel. “Dean, most of the time these days I think of this as my true form.”
He sighed again and ran a hand through his hair. He grimaced when he came away sweaty.
Right at that moment, a gigantic man with ripped jeans and a shaggy gray beard came out of the office set into the side of the garage. Cas watched the man make the rounds of the garage, checking in with the mechanics. Something about the way he moved and the wariness of the men he talked to told Cas he was in charge here.
Cas’ heart clenched, and he felt his fingers twitch again, longing to wrap themselves around Bill’s throat. He made himself look at Dean’s face, warped in anger and pain and memory.
“But right then I realized—he was barely done being a kid when Mom died. She was the most important thing he’d ever had in his life, and it broke him when he lost her. The same way it broke me when Sam died, and I went and sold my soul. Same way I fell apart after you died, tried to get Billie to kill me. He was just broken. It doesn’t justify any of it, really. And yeah, I can sit here and wish he’d been better, and so can he. But I finally understood. He wasn’t a superhero—just another broken person who didn’t know how to be better. And I forgave him.”
Grass stretched out from the edge of the porch for twenty feet or so before abruptly coming to a stop. The house was built on the edge of a ridge that hung high over a lush, green valley that wended between towering, snow-capped mountains. They were so high up that they should have been shivering and gasping in the thin air, but that wasn’t how Heaven worked. The topography of the place made no real sense, but Dean didn’t care. His eyes almost glowed as he looked out at the view, soaked it in.
“Maybe the side of a public road wasn’t the best place to take that step.”
He clenched his jaw and flipped the burgers.
Cas smiled. “For me too. Anyway, I guess some power was spilling out. Now that I know it’s happening, I’ve got it under control. See?”
“No, Dean.”
“What makes you think I sleep at night? You think I like being what I am? You think I don’t wish I could stop? If I’d had any guts at all, I’d have put a gun in my mouth the day I realized I couldn’t.” Cas raised an eyebrow at the self-loathing in the man’s voice.
Cas would walk up to him quietly, place his hand on his shoulder, feel the shoulder tense, then relax, beneath his touch.
Cas gave a wry smile. “You shouldn’t sound so nostalgic.”
Bill nodded, eyes flinty. “Sounds less fun.”
“There’s plenty of time,” he said softly, stroking his cheek with a thumb. “Let’s go home.”
The silence that preceded those lonely outbursts was like the steady gathering of pressure before a storm. It was electric and relentless, and the sheer energy coming off of Dean now pressed into Cas in much the same way he’d pressed Dean into a chair earlier that evening.
too literal about everything and hilarious but usually only on accident and—”
Cas had backed away from the onslaught of attention, but Dean had come alive. He leaned against Baby, watching the man under her hood like a hawk until he was satisfied the mechanic knew what he was doing. But then he’d started making a rotation of all the other cars, offering his help and talking shop with the mechanics.
“If you don’t eat, why’d you ask for a burger then? The food’s different in Heaven?”
But then, Dean brought up his hands and clutched at Cas’ arms, bringing them closer, tighter around him. Cas’ breath caught in his throat, and he obliged, shifting so that his right hand slid further around Dean’s torso and his left fingertips came to rest just beneath the collar of his t-shirt. Dean took several shuddering breaths in a row, the exhales stretching long like sighs.
“Who are
Dean was different. The way Castiel spoke of Dean implied a closeness that eclipsed his other relationships, but he never seemed to even consider making things for Dean.
“How am I not Patrick Swayze in this situation?” Dean murmured, mostly to himself.
Jack looked extremely excited at the prospect, practically vibrating on the spot. Dean and Cas looked pleased too.
He sighed again, but this one was heavier and more resigned. Juliet felt cold.
“Bullshit! You’re gay, I didn’t know that! How about this, are you dating anyone? We’ve never spoken about that before,” she pressed.
She was spared from spiralling further down that line of thought when the bell above the front door rang, and a potential customer came into the store. He was a young guy, although he could’ve been anywhere between from late teens to mid twenties. His floppy, blond hair and wide smile made her think he was on the younger side of her estimate.
Juliet could only agree. Although she wouldn’t call it idiotic
At first she didn’t believe it, but seeing Dean in front of her now, looking like - and this was putting it mildly - dogshit, it was clear that he had been telling the truth.
That explained the expression. The guy had probably knocked up this ‘friend’ and wasn’t sure where he stood. It was sweet that he wanted to make something though, it was probably a sign he’d be a good dad.
Before she could even begin to process what a wild statement
“Don’t you make jokes. I’m not your friend yet, you’re on thin ice. What happened?”
Dean didn’t make eye contact with Cas as he replied, but the sincerity was clear. “Yes well, I want to get you gifts too.”
Dean actually huffed a laugh at that. “Yeah. Well, Kelly chose, but if Cas had his way it was either going to be something like that or an obscure plant name.”
“Nice to meet you Cas.”
“Look, Dean. I was really fond of Cas, we spent a lot of time together the last months. I just want you to know that he was a brilliant man, and he cared about you a lot. All of you. But you especially.” She dug around under the counter for Cas’ package of wool. “You can take the stuff he ordered if you want, but if you go through his things, I know there is a stash of knitwear he made for you guys. That he spent months making.”
Juliet was sure her face was a caricature of shock. She turned to Cas, but he just nodded.
“Last week. May 18th.”
He never really mentioned how his hobby was going over with his friends, and to be honest Juliet couldn’t imagine the Campbell brothers wearing handmade knitwear. It wasn’t really the look you went for when you were mobsters/assassins/alien hunters. Castiel shifted in his seat slightly, looking uncharacteristically unsure of himself.
When her fingers suddenly cramped and she almost dropped a stitch, Juliet saw it suddenly, like negative space on a painting. Absence.
“My life, it’s complicated. I know that is a cliche, because Dean has made me watch many movies with that exact excuse, but it is true. Our priorities are different from other people’s. I wish they weren’t, but it is the situation I’m in currently and I don’t have regrets about the choices that have led me here. So I can’t tell them about this hobby, because I don’t want this to be another source of stress.” He frowned at his needles and sighed. “When the time is right perhaps I’ll give them what I’ve made. But not right now. I have time.”
Juliet waved her hands in an approximation of jazz hands and immediately cringed. “That’s me. Crafts.” When he didn’t say anything further she continued. “So, uh, what you said. About Cas-”
“Juliet, we talk every week and I consider you a friend, so I would hardly say that’s true.”
“What’s the next project after this one Cas?” she asked, noticing he was quickly approaching the end of the hat. He’d be done after another couple of hours of work.
“That’s a good name,” she said carefully. “I imagine Cas would’ve liked it.”
The reminder stung.
That day had been the last time she saw Castiel for a while, and she wished he knew it at the time.
Juliet was part way through a particularly frustrating section of the sweater she was working on when the bell on the front door rang, signalling a customer. Taking advantage of the excuse to abandon her needles, she placed the project on the shelf under the counter and plastered on her best customer service smile.
Dean’s face twisted in an unreadable expression and again he took a couple of steadying breaths before speaking.
“I’ve got a feeling you’re gonna be a regular, and you won’t snitch right?”
Dean hadn’t been back either - which wasn’t surprising. After he’d broken down at her about Cas’ death, she had closed the store and then spent the next hour talking to him about everything she and Cas had shared in the months she’d known him. She’d talked about how withering his looks could be, how he could keep track of gossip like no-one else, and how he poured his love into his crafts. She told Dean about the way the women in the knitting circle flirted with him, and how oblivious he was. She told him about how quickly he picked up knitting, and suited he was to it. In return Dean had told her about how Cas loved hamburgers, pop music, and his truck. He told her about how capable Castiel was, how brave, how strong.
Castiel was Dean’s best friend and they had known each other for years, he was loyal and sarcastic and headstrong, and Dean ached with how much he missed him.
The store had it’s regulars - some people Juliet had known for years and others she just knew by the nicknames she gave them. There was a knitting circle that met on Thursday afternoons, a kids craft club on Saturdays, and they’d even started doing a wine and paint night on Fridays. (The latter had been Juliet’s idea, and she was secretly incredibly proud of how well it had gone over.) Small as it was, Lebanon’s crafting community was enough to keep the store ticking over, and Juliet had access to all the wool she wanted. The old lady who owned the store had even hinted that she might leave the store to her when she retired.
“Sometimes I do that to people I like, too.”
He shook his head. “You told be enough stories for me to be of the opinion that a punch was just the start of what he deserved.”
No. This would have to be a fight.
archangels.” Dean heard a note of old frustration in Cas’ voice. “See, the archangels—Chuck brought them into being during the Big Bang. Four creatures, formed out of the power and heat and creative energy of the beginning of creation itself. It’s why they could do more—
are the crack in my chassis, you stupid idiot—”
Dean knew how they felt.
Dean’s hands scraped down Cas’ sides, gripped the angel’s hips, and ground them into his own. He loosed a groan—God, it may as well have been a growl—when he felt the hard length of Cas pressing into him. Cas moved against him, his tongue probing deep into Dean’s mouth. Dean pushed back, taking Cas’ lower lip in his mouth and sucking, biting.
Well, he never could.
Cas could feel the man flinch. “Yeah, I think I do. Saginaw? Thirty some-odd years ago? Maybe longer? Yeah. You were a pretty little thing. I remember—you were wearing an ugly-ass necklace. Wouldn’t let me touch you ‘til you took it off and put it in your pocket.”
“Very understated,” Sam agreed.
. He consisted of branching veins and arteries of silver-blue light, swirling and flashing and braiding in and out of one another. The currents were in constant movement, making him almost dizzying to look at.
“…in for a pound,” he whispered.
“You could never be like them.”
He’d found it again, usually in the thrill of the hunt, but that excitement never quite matched the pure joy of that first drive. It was always tempered by fear, or anger, or disgust at whatever it was he had to do.
“You want to hear about these damn scars, or not?” Cas nodded, looking relieved. “So, one time, when we were kids, Sam ran away when I was supposed to be watching him. Dad came back from the hunt and—I’d never seen him so mad. He was a little drunk too, and he had me pushed up against the wall. He was hollering in my face about me letting him down. Then he threw me down on the ground. He’d already broken a lamp, and the pieces were scattered all over the floor, and this huge piece jammed right up in my thigh.” Dean shuddered. “Had that scar the rest of my life. Ugly thing. Anyway, the night I finally forgave him for all that and everything else—I came home and was undressing for bed and the scar was gone. That’s when I realized the scars would disappear the more I managed to deal with my heaping pile of shit. Symbolic as hell, I know.”
“You,” he’d whisper, his voice hoarse. “You came.”
He spread his arms in a shrug. “I live to serve. So, you’re sending shockwaves out through your eyeballs because…?”
“Those feelings, Cas—they’re not in the same ballpark, not in the same
Dean scoffed. Cas cocked an eyebrow.
. It was beyond description, beyond anything Dean had ever imagined. No wonder all those angels had always been so desperate to follow him, if they could see his true face. It was
Cas nodded, smiling, but his face turned somber. “Dean. I couldn’t find Benny. You know he got killed while he was in Purgatory, and… well, his soul has to still exist somewhere, and I’m looking. I’ll find him if I can. He should—” He paused, swallowing like it hurt him to admit it. “He should be here too.”
Still, though, he couldn’t help but feel a jolt that might have been triumph when Dean pulled away from the mechanics and walked over to Cas, grinning.
Dean’s mind was quiet. Cas’ words came to him slowly, dropping into him one by one, settling deep into his core, igniting something there that had long since gone cold.
It was an open floor plan. He’d told Sam it was so he could do sock-slides from one end of the house to the other, but really, it made him feel safer. Fewer places for a monster or intruder to hide. He knew that kind of thing didn’t happen in Heaven, but some habits were too hard to break.
with the baby. Even if he hadn’t, everyone needed a hobby.
“Um. My name is Dean. Dean - Campbell? I don’t know if you know me - ”
“Yeah. I did. I saw him at least once a week for the last six months. He was my friend and I want to know who you are and why you have his phone.”
Juliet wasn’t sure if she agreed or not, but she let herself look at Castiel properly. He was there. Right in front of her, unchanged and smiling.
Juliet was honestly baffled by Jack, and didn't know how to react to whatever he said - considering he was only supposed to be a few months old and they were talking about knitting of all things. But still. His earnestness, and
What was it he had said about knitting? He didn’t want to cause anyone any stress? Of course he’d be that way about his own feelings as well. Tucking them away where no one would even know they existed. But then she thought about the way that Castiel’s crafts were so unequivocally made with love. He couldn’t conceal himself in his knitting. Juliet continued onto a new row and twisted her fingers to manipulate the wool into nice, tight stitches. It was a steady and hypnotic rhythm, perfect for thinking.
He narrowed his eyes. Thought. Cas couldn’t interpret emotions as easily as humans could. Humans learned from birth how to understand all the confusing cues that their bodies gave them. They knew on instinct how they felt about something the moment it happened. Cas had spent a very, very long lifetime pushing away every spark of emotion he ever felt. Except wrath. Wrath could be useful. But mostly, for all those millennia, he had not let himself feel anything at all.
In the backs of cars, in broom closets in bars, outside on the ground, in toilet stalls. I made it a game. A sport. No love, no tenderness, no intimacy—just a game. Because… I think I thought if I convinced myself it was all just a game with them, then I could believe that what those men did to me…” He petered off, ran a hand through his hair. “I don’t know. Maybe I could convince myself that it didn’t matter. That none of it mattered.” He looked at Cas, gave a grim smile. “Didn’t work. Clearly.”
. Again. Again. Without quite meaning to, Dean was keeping rhythm with the ACDC blaring from the speakers on his porch. The day was mild, but sweat was pouring down his chest—tanned from all the days he spent out in the sun working on and around his cabin. Whether it was the sweat or the exhaustion, the handprint scar on his shoulder—faded after all these years—seemed redder and more livid than it usually did.
In the center was a table, with a naked person strapped to it, already bleeding, mutilated.
Standing over them was Dean. Blood-soaked.
“Almost.”
He sighed, pushed it away. No point in feeling that one.
“And if you don’t?”
He didn’t turn right away. He just closed his eyes and hoped. A smile stretched across his face when he heard the voice come from behind him,
“Yep.”
“Damn right.” He took another bite and washed it down with a swig of beer. “So, tell me: what the hell have you been up to out there all this time? You know, when you weren’t exploding.”
Dean was silent a long moment. “Because he deserves it.”
“Is yours,” Dean finished for him, his eyes glued to the burgers in front of him.
“Well? What d’you think? Isn’t she beautiful?”
—full of understanding and compassion and love. His eyes glowed with a white light, but it was a light of warmth and comfort. Like coming home after too long away and flipping on the light switch in your house.
He looked up with his piercing blue eyes and looked right at Dean. No shock went through him this time, but that didn’t keep his breath from catching in his throat and his heart from thumping out a deep rhythm in his chest.
Cas shrugged. “Maybe, maybe not. The point is, I didn’t know. I didn’t know if, in becoming an archangel, I was going to lose everything I’d ever liked about myself.”
He smiled. “Nothing.”
“Hm?” Dean said. “Redecorate how?”
Cas paused, face still flushed with anger, but something softer now, too. Something uncertain. He dropped his hands from Dean’s chest like they’d been burned and stepped away, blinking in confusion.
“Trucking?”
“Yeah?”
But here it was again. Pure and uncut, pouring liquid fire into his body through the fingertips that traced the line of Cas’ jaw, the palms that slid down his neck, the lips that pressed so softly against his.
Dean couldn’t help it. He stopped, looked down at the naked torso in his arms. Cas let him look, leaning forward to lick and nibble at Dean’s ear while he looked his fill. Cas had seen Dean shirtless plenty, but Dean could count on one hand the number of times he’d seen
He shoved away from the counter, crossed to Cas in two strides. He took the angel’s face—that precious, lined, almost-human face—in his hands, and kissed him.
Cas nodded.
Dean blinked, still a little groggy. “Have I ever heard you curse before?”
It wasn’t the excruciating sort of silence that had festered between the two of them from time to time, when they were fighting. That silence was frigid and brittle, prone to shattering into an explosive fight at the tiniest provocation. Cas had come across no other power in his long life that could make him feel as wretched, as desperately sad, as when Dean pulled away from him in anger.
Cas said softly, “It suits you.”
axe,” Dean finished in tandem with Cas. He smiled. “And Heaven delivered. Thanks for that, by the way.”
that had captivated and haunted him since he’d first stood before him that night in the barn.
They kicked off their shoes, while Dean wrapped the tie once around his hand and pulled Cas hard against his chest. He kissed him deep while his other hand tugged at Cas’ shirt. Cas shed his suit coat, then helped Dean with the shirt. Buttons flew as he ripped it open. Dean’s hand drifted up and pulled off the tie.
“There was some quirk in me, some glitch in my
Castiel had always loved nighttime in the bunker. Life with the Winchesters was always so noisy, so overwhelming, that the few hours that Dean and Sam were asleep were the only moments of quiet Cas could realistically expect out of a day.
Dean sighed and squinted out at the bleeding sky and the sun sinking behind the mountains. He looked over at Cas, who was watching him again.
compared to this. I swear, I thought it would kill me. Or worse, maybe, that it’d change me in ways I didn’t want to be changed.”
He had to see him.
“Anyway, I see Sam and Eileen most days. Bobby’s nearby too, and Jody, Donna, Claire and all the others come by all the time. Mom and Dad live over by Bobby.”
he realizes. Didn’t stop you from barging into every building we were in for thirteen years without being asked. And into my dreams, that one time. And about a million other places you weren’t invited.”
Dean gave a mirthless laugh. “Well, fuck. Easy peasy.”
Cas tried his best to keep his face blank, but his eyes flicked to Dean. Where the hell was Saginaw?
it. I hated
Cas stumbled forward a step, two steps. For years now, he’d forced himself to keep his distance, to let Dean grieve in the solitude he craved. But not tonight. Cas couldn’t let him feel this pain alone, not when Dean’s pain was like a blade cutting through Cas’ own chest.
, Cas concluded,
“Shit. How bad?”
“Dean.”
He would tighten his grip on Dean’s shoulder, and the scene would begin to disintegrate. Sometimes a new dreamscape would rise up to take its place, but more often, Dean would just float off into the dreamless dark. Cas would step away, return to himself. He’d pick up his book again, but wouldn’t read it for a little while. He would be too busy watching, waiting to make sure that the dream didn’t take him again.
Cas could barely wrap his mind around that idea, but whenever his confusion would mount, he would just look at Dean, his profile limned in the pinks and purples of the sunrise, and he’d let it go.
He did so now, watching carefully as Dean descended into silence for one minute… two… three, and this time, it worked.
“Too. Many. Clothes,” he growled again, practically ripping off Cas’ belt, fingers fumbling at his zipper. He had no idea what he meant to do once they were off. He’d fantasized, sure—almost constantly sometimes. But, for all that, he’d never actually acted on any of those fantasies.
Cas felt the plunging in his stomach that he’d gotten to know well over the years—guilt. He hated the thought that something he could ask of Dean could make him so afraid. But there was another feeling too. That chill streaked down his spine again and settled in the pit of his stomach, molten and black.
“—wonderful and the best friend I ever had. You’re the same as you always were, Cas, and thank God for that.”
He scowled into his beer. Clearly, he hadn’t reckoned with all his old shit nearly enough if this old cowardice still had ahold of him.
“Then there were the other feelings. The moments when I’d find myself…” He fell into silence again, a long one. Cas longed to break it, but held himself back. Dean took a breath. “I’d find myself wanting men.” Cas’ body went ice cold, then hot, then cold again. He fought to keep his breath steady.
“Dean,” he began at last, but Dean cut him off.
“Some of those things you said you’d already forgiven me for, even before the Empty.”
Cas forced himself to go on. “Dean, I can make it so he can’t hurt anyone else. I can make him impotent. So there’s nothing but dead meat between his legs. We don’t have to give him the satisfaction of killing him.”
Cas’ mouth twisted in a wry smile as well, the twin of Dean’s. “Right. I should have realized.”
He walked with them over to the sink, feeling the tension rising up between him and the angel he left behind him. Dean clenched his jaw and rinsed the plates, hardly seeing what he was doing. It was coming. Whatever moment of truth there was destined to be between them, it was coming.
he decided.
for what I wanted.”
Cas let him go but mourned the loss of him. He felt cold where the heat of Dean had been. But at least he didn’t go far. Dean’s arm and thigh still pressed unapologetically against his. Dean leaned his head back against the car and rubbed at his eyes.
“It should, dumbass.” Cas looked at him, eyebrows raised. “I didn’t
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Hmm, loving you less all of a sudden.”
Dean didn’t know, of course, that Cas followed him on those nights, whenever they’d suffered a terrible loss, when Dean charged out of the bunker on some made-up errand, only to trek off into the woods and punch a tree or let out a scream, muffled by his fist pressed against his mouth. Cas knew better to approach him, but he could never bear the thought of Dean being truly alone when he grieved.
But he was at peace with the not-knowing. For once, his mind and the searing new currents of power that coursed through him were quiet and still, spent by the night’s activities.
A muscle ticked in his jaw. “Yes.”
“On and off, right. Jack would have to shove me out to burn in deep space for a while, and then I’d be in control enough to come back and help him with Heaven and Hell and everything else. Until I’d lose control again.”
But in Heaven, there were no monsters to chase. No heads to lop off. Most of the time, he didn’t mind that, but then there would be days when a bubble of restlessness would rise and expand within him, driving him to find some way to get his heart pounding and his breath coming short. He never thought he’d have missed that part.
No bathrooms needed in Heaven. That had taken some getting used to.
Cas rose from the bed and walked slowly over to Dean. Dean watched him come, never blinking.
Dean held up a hand again, wincing. “Don’t. Ruin it.”
His voice broke, and he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes. Without thinking, Cas reached out and put his hand on Dean’s knee. He froze, terrified he’d overstepped, but Dean took a breath and put his hand on top of Cas’. He went on.
“I’ll be back by morning, but don’t wait up.”
“Hell, when you knew me, I couldn’t. Took me years to get good enough to start on these columns. There are still some spots I wish I could have another go at,” he said, scowling at an image of werewolf that had given him a hell of a time.
“You didn’t have to. You could have helped me. You could have just fucking
A honk sounded from the road behind them, making them jump apart. Some kids flew by, hooting and wolf whistling at them from the open windows. Dean flipped them off, but was laughing. He leaned his elbows against the car on either side of Cas, letting his head sink down to rest in the crook where shoulder met neck. Cas reached up and stroked the back of his head.
“Then I’ll stop you. Because I don’t think you’d be able to forgive yourself for killing an innocent.”
Now? He felt a tightening in his stomach, a reluctance to be seen, judged, by the men Dean was talking to. But at the same time, he wanted them to see him—to see Dean talk to him. To see that they were here together, and that he belonged in Baby almost as much as Dean did.
“Is that enough? Is that what you needed?” He was genuinely asking. If Dean needed to kill him, or needed Cas to kill him, or needed to haul the man up the flag pole in the town square for all to see, Cas would back him. He’d back Dean in anything. Dean was looking at Cas in a way that made the angel think he understood that.
These were moans, groans, pleas for mercy.
“To take what you were offering.”
He didn’t wander the bunker anymore. He’d lay in bed with Dean, keeping him awake late into the night. Then, when Dean was finally drifting off, he’d whisper, “I’ll watch over you.” Dean would smile and grumble back, “That’s not gonna happen.”
Dean shrugged. “How could I not be? I’ve got my cabin, my car, my music, my family…”
The angel grabbed him by the shirt and slammed him up against the column again. Dean grunted.
Sometimes he would catch himself staring at Dean more intently than he should—eyes narrowed, head cocked to the side—just praying that he’d have another flash of insight, so he could understand another tiny facet of this man.
They sat at the overlook for a long time, hand in hand, watching the sun crest and rise between two peaks. Cas’ mind was a glorious, quiet empty. For once, he wasn’t trying to decipher anything, wasn’t worried that he was getting something wrong or missing something that even the simplest human would understand. All his shortcomings felt a little smaller today, a little more conquerable.
“Sure, I guess. Joseph could do it, and Daniel.”
Dean took a breath. “Good,” he said. “Now. For a while it wasn’t so good. I worked out all my shit with Mom before she died the second time, you know, but Dad…” He trailed off.
“You know,” he said, that long-remembered rumble of a voice unlocking something inside Dean’s chest. “You don’t have to make your own firewood. It’s Heaven—you can just wish for it, and it’ll show up.”
Dean smiled. “Hey, thanks, man. She’s my pride and joy,” he said.
Cas chuckled. “Your ego never needed any help from me.”
“Cas…”
He turned off the water and braced his hands on either side of the sink, breathing deeply, hating the tension in his shoulders. It felt like he was bracing for a fight.
“Ok, Cas,” Dean said, making his way toward the door. “Try and stop me.”
Cas had his head in his hands, laughing.
“Fucking kids,” Dean muttered, but he was still chuckling.
“Perfect.” He handed a plate to Cas, whose eyebrows were raised. “Listen, if you don’t get the balance of the condiments just right then you may as well just throw out the whole damn burger.”
The sound of wings.
“Dean, it’s dangerous.”
“No, but what
Dean’s eyes were trained on the burgers sizzling on the grill at the edge of the porch, but every spare bit of his attention was attuned to the angel wading among the sunflowers, trailing his fingers among their petals. The flowers turned their faces to him as he passed, like he was the sun they always sought.
“None taken,” Cas said easily, climbing the stairs and leaning against the rail close to Dean. “Angels don’t eat food on Earth, so it’s hard for us to know what it’s supposed to taste like. We get lots of complaints.”
His hand was still on Dean’s knee, with Dean’s still resting on top of it. Cas shifted his hand, turned it face-up, and laced his fingers with Dean’s. He smiled. “I’m not freaking out,” he said. “And I’m not going anywhere.”
Cas watched the sky begin to lighten through the wall of windows in Dean’s bedroom. They were facing west, over the valley, so he couldn’t see the sun breaking over the horizon, but he could see the stars winking out and the sky shifting from black to indigo to blue.
“Do you have any idea,” the angel said in his ear, in a whisper so close it raised goosebumps. “How hard it was not to explode just then?”
loved by him.
He breathed deep, swung,
,” Dean roared, charging forward and pinning his gun to Bill’s forehead. Cas’ heart broke at the crack in Dean’s voice, the slight tremble in his hand. “Is that what you tell yourself? That I
He circled the car, steps nearly sputtering out when he heard it: Dean was crying. Not the press-lipped, single tear that Dean usually limited himself to. These were heaving, shuddering sobs. Cas rounded the trunk and felt an ache open in his chest at what he saw. Dean’s head had sunk between his knees, his hands gripped his own hair, he shoulders shook with every sob that broke loose.
Cas wanted to say something, anything, to make that haunted look leave Dean’s eyes. But the roaring in his ears made it completely impossible to find anything of use to say. Dean didn’t seem to notice. He went on.
Dean looked away, smiling—that old instinct not letting Cas see the way he made Dean smile. “Yeah, that’s good,” he said, knowing Cas wouldn’t hear the sarcasm. “Just checking.”
,” Dean repeated. Bill obeyed. “You’re going to fight me. And I’m going to win. That’s how this is going to go.”
“I’m making burgers,” he muttered. “You want one?”
Cas sighed. The feeling of Dean’s lips against his skin…he could have died from it and been grateful. He forced himself to push him away until their eyes could meet.
“In the country,” Bill said. “Damn, kid, you’ve taken me down memory lane.”
Dean’s mouth opened in wonder, and he stepped closer. There was a ringing in his head, now, a buzzing through his whole body.
Cas smiled absently, eyes still roving over the shaded porch, and the wide windows looking into the house.
Dean groaned again. “Too many clothes,” he muttered, clawing at Cas’ layers.
“No, Dean. I’m not letting you go.”
“Decades.”
Dean nodded. “I don’t know if those will ever leave, but I don’t mind. It’s been decades since I last hunted, but a hunter is just what I
“Damn right. Listen, you go get checked out with Chris. I’ll look over your girl myself to make sure he did her right.”
Dean moaned. Cas. Cas was touching him. Cas was inside him. Cas wanted him, had been longing for Dean as long as Dean had been longing for him. Cas was—
Dean grunted, but Cas knew he didn’t believe him. He put his book aside and lay down in bed beside him. He wrapped his arms around him, still marveling that he could. That a fallen angel like him could be allowed this perfect thing. Dean curled into him, putting his head on Cas’ chest.
Well, sure, because it’s not really
He shook his head. One thing at a time.
Dean blinked, flushed. He sighed again, and pushed himself up from the rocking chair.
“Dean,” Cas began, helpfully snapping Dean’s mind back into the present. “Where did your scars go?”
Still stretching, he made his way out onto the back porch, wanting to see the morning mists swirling through the valley from the top of the ridge he’d designed specifically for Dean.
“Just exploding all over the place. Shit, once Jenny O’Leary touched my arm and I almost exploded right there in Algebra.”
“That’s alright,” Dean said quickly. “You don’t have to.”
Except…
He wanted to mark his fucking territory.
Dean set his jaw, looked away. His breath came heavy in his chest. Cas settled on the bed across from him, watching, trying his best to decipher what he saw.
“You dropped a bomb on me, Cas. You dropped a bomb on me, and I didn’t know the first thing about how to handle it, and then you just
Cas said nothing. Gave him the space, in the way he knew instinctively how to do, to speak the hard truths.
Bill let out a mirthless laugh. “More than one. Less than—oh, I don’t know—a hundred? What do I know? I’ve had a long life.”
Is that how you sleep at night?”
“You don’t want to join them?”
“Dean, look at me.”
No, Cas thought he might be afraid of whatever it was Cas was asking him to say. As though the words had been locked in the dark for so long that they had transformed into something more frightening than the real-life monsters Dean faced every day without flinching.
“Well, well, well,” he said, turning slowly. “Look what the cat dragged in.”
He found his shirt—ripped and mangled—in the kitchen. He smiled and mended it with a thought. He put it on, but left it half-buttoned. His coats he left on the floor. No sense getting entirely dressed when he had every intention of taking everything off again the moment Dean woke up.
They’d scanned the house from the outside. It was dark and empty, except for the den, where Bill was watching TV. Cas began to creep through the kitchen towards the den, knowing that Dean was doing the same from the other side.
“You knew how I felt about you. But I was only ever some tool to you—something to help you save your precious angel and your precious brother…”
The steel in the man’s voice that had scared her at the beginning of the call was quickly disappearing, and she could hear the man losing composure. “Did you. Uh. Did you see him regularly?”
“I believe in you,” she said with a grin. He nodded in acknowledgment and smiled his small little smile, lips twitching upwards slightly in the corner.
It was only a few days later that Juliet got her wish.
“They’re always like this,” a voice next to her said. Her head snapped to the side and she realised it was the kid, Jack. “Sam says it’s ‘eye sex’ but that I shouldn’t repeat that. You are Castiel’s friend though, so I don’t think he would mind.”
“Very funny,” he said as he pulled a childish face. “I gotta pay Cas back for the scarf he made me, ain’t I.”
Once again Dean sighed, then he flexed and clenched his fingers a few times in rhythm with his breathing.
“They’re, um, not what I was envisioning.” He said as he dumped the brightly coloured hats in front of her. Juliet pulled them towards herself and started inspecting them - they weren’t actually too bad for a beginner - and told him as much.
In the end the guy left with a couple of balls of soft yellow baby wool, a book about knitting, and a couple of types of needles. Juliet also wrote him a list of youtube videos to watch, which she found more helpful than the books. The guy still looked mildly terrified but determined. She’d all but forgotten about the Campbell brothers rumours, and instead just hoped that the weird guy came back.
While he still looked bewildered and lost, he walked over to Juliet’s desk with purpose. The strong, deep voice shocked her slightly, but once again she was charmed by his awkward, slightly odd behaviour. His expression didn’t reveal much but there was a touch of fear and anxiety in his eyes. Not exactly what she usually got in the craft store.
“That’s how he died,” Dean admitted. “Protecting Kelly, and the baby.”
Juliet felt uneasy for a moment, thinking about the rumours that circled the Campbells, but looking at the man in front of her, she could see nothing but sweetness and kindness. The rumours had to be just that.
Despite his warnings, Cas became a regular fixture at the knitting circle and quickly won over the others. It didn’t take Juliet long to discover that despite his gentle manner in the store, he had a cutting and dry humour. And he was
“Cas! I was starting to get worried-”
Somehow, despite the shock and the fragmented thoughts overwhelmed her mind, Juliet found herself nodding along, like all of this was normal.
-/-/-/-/-
There’s a cherry blossom stuck to the back of his collar.
"What about Sammy and the Impala?" Dean asks, pausing beside the vehicle. Cas doesn't answer as he slides his arms into his leather jacket. Dean pulls on his own jacket, a brown one that used to belong to his father that the leather's gone butter soft on.
"Then, by the power vested in me by the state of Kansas, I now pronounce you hitched. You can kiss," Bobby says and Dean doesn't hesitate to take his new husbands face in his hands and kiss him. Cas wraps his arms around him and they both deepen the kiss. The sound of their friends and family cheering fades away as they get lost in each other.
“Literally.”
Bill went still when he saw Dean and the gun in his hand. “You,” he whispered.
But what it felt like to
. Whatever this feeling was, he craved more of it. He knew then that he’d be chasing it all his life.
“Cas,” he whispered, still approaching.
for her. I built her with my own two hands. And Sam’s, sometimes, but he kept getting messing it up. Bobby was better. Figured if this is where I’m gonna spend eternity, I couldn’t leave this cabin up to some cosmic energy wave workin’ from a kit. This needed to be
He sat down beside Dean, saying nothing, but close enough that Dean would be able to feel Cas’ arm against his and know he was there.
He dropped the badge on the table and walked slowly back towards the den. Cas followed, stopping at the table to pick up the badge. It was an ID tag, marking Bill as a bus driver for the town’s middle school. It had just been issued the month before.
That any one of us fucking
There was one question, though, he did want an answer to. “What do we do now?”
Dean nodded again. “I just saw that ID badge and—those kids. There’s other ways, other things he could have done. Maybe he’d take the loss of his
Something tore in Cas’ chest, broken loose by the look in Dean’s eyes. He had come so far. He’d just started to believe in his own goodness. Killing a human would send him right back to where he’d been when he’d first crawled out of the pit.
“Another benefit of this place. I can drink and drink and my liver is just fine.”
Cas would shrug, smile. “Good things do happen, Dean.”
“Best milkshakes in the state,” Dean said, his voice almost a growl.
Dean grinned. “Not hard enough, apparently. An explosion was kind of what I was going for—would’ve done wonders for my ego.”
“It’s going to rain,” Cas said, peering up at the sky and the clouds beginning to scuttle in from the south. He began to make his way back to the porch, his eyes finding Dean at the grill. “I guess there’s no point in telling you that you could just
Cas opened his mouth. Closed it. Opened it again. “So, Bill—”
He led the way into the house, flipping on the lights and grabbing two more beers as he passed through the kitchen and into the dining room. He sat at the head of the table and gestured to Cas to sit right next to him. The angel looked troubled.
His fingers curled just at the thought, but he held himself back. This wasn’t his kill. Right then, Dean loomed out of the darkness of the opposite doorway, gun cocked but pointed at the floor. He glanced at Bill, then at Cas—he signaled that Bill was sleeping.
“And then we got you back. You started to,” he rolled his eyes, “watch over me, every night. And all of a sudden, whenever the dream would start to get really bad, you were there beside me, telling me I don’t belong there. That hadn’t ever happened in the dream before.” His eyes shot to Cas’ and he gave a wry smile. “Didn’t take a genius to figure it out, Cas. That it was actually you.”
“Me,” Dean agreed, his voice hard and cold.
“Rowena? She’s helping you?”
He turned and fully met and held Dean’s eye for the first time, a look of wonder on his face. “Dean, they’re incredible. I didn’t know you could do this.”
Cas would smile then. “Always.”
Those words again, but this time there were no tears in Cas’ eyes, no Death at the door. They struck at Dean, like a hammer on a bell. He felt them reverberate through him, trailing music where they touched. He could feel every atom in his body ring out with them.
