Not anymore.
Blue lights flashed around the room, lending everything a strange hue. Donovan stood back, observing the scene. She wished she could say that murder shocked her, but she was well past that. Years in the force had inured her to all of it.
John swallowed, giving a curt nod as he fell back on old habits. He scooped his gun from the floor and made it safe before tucking it into his waistband. After a moment's hesitation, he gathered up Mary's pistol, as well as the clip Sherlock had taken out earlier. Mary wasn't stupid; she knew he would be armed, but a second weapon could be all the advantage he needed.
It spoke volumes of Mycroft's weariness that he did not even sneer at the dilapidated seat he had been offered. Instead, he sank into it, crossing his legs and helping himself to a biscuit. 'Immensely. Smoothing over what happened at the airfield is only the start. The Hind was more inconvenient than I had anticipated.' He rolled his shoulders in an eloquent shrug. 'It took time, but the matter is resolved.'
'As will I.' Sherlock gestured to the loose pyjamas that still clad his frame. 'Why don't I watch Rosie for a moment? I believe Mycroft provided extra clothing for you.'
'Yes. I understand the appeal of baiting them into action by offering up the file, even if we have no intention of truly surrendering it, but too much remains unknown for me to be even remotely certain of our success. For now, it would be best to bide our time.’
Later, he told himself. There'd be time for that later. Nothing took priority over the Work, and he would not abuse Sherlock's trust by insisting the case took a back seat in favour of sentiment. Once this was solved, he'd make the time to talk it over, but for now, Millie's murder came first. If anyone could get the poor girl the justice she deserved, it was Sherlock, and John intended to do everything in his power to help.
Really, that left only one viable candidate.
He was right. It would be better, the two of them together at last, and he had the rest of his life – at Sherlock's side and in his arms – to prove it.
'Allow me to tie up the loose ends,' Mycroft urged. 'It will be a few days yet before I can be certain that the splinter group has been neutralised. As such, I suggest that Rosie remains in my care for a short while. That will also give you the opportunity to find your feet again, Doctor Watson.' His gaze flickered to Sherlock, and something unspoken sparked between them. 'You might want to take a moment to consider your future.'
Sherlock frowned as he stared at the pair of excel documents, opening each as trepidation coiled low in his gut. The first held hundreds of numerical strings, with various digits scribed in different colours. There appeared to be no rhyme nor reason to it. The document looked like row-upon-row and column-after-column filled with nothing but rubbish. Still, he knew Mary better than that. There would be method to her madness.
'Can you see where the sniper is?'
‘It’s irrelevant anyway,’ Sherlock muttered, the lie obvious. ‘I bought fifteen jars of honey just to see what she would do.’
Setting his cup down, John perched on the nearest stool, dragging the paper closer to him. The unforgiving lights of the kitchen threw the black ink into stark relief, and he chewed his lip as he considered the possibilities.
'Let's see what the reports tell us,' he murmured, rubbing a soothing hand down John's spine and up again, lulling him with the simple, repetitive motion as he turned them a fraction. With John's face buried in his shoulder, he was unable to watch Rosie, so Sherlock would take over that duty, observing her explorations as he continued to speak. 'Data, John. Speculating on Mary's actions and motives is useless without it.'
John needed him; his presence if not his reassurance.
Sherlock drew a deep breath, his gaze darting back and forth over the screen as he considered his options. Mary's resourcefulness had never been in doubt. She had proved that when she fled London, her journeys back and forth across the globe designed to confound any would-be followers.
'Undoubtedly. It's a wise decision on your part, though I know the prospect of being separated from her must cause you considerable distress.'
Sherlock’s gaze darted quickly around the kitchen, noting the two wineglasses still out from the night before. Lipstick on neither. He’d thought Mycroft looked a little softer when he strode in the door. Now he knew why.
Sherlock sighed. ‘Banksy is not an individual; not any more. It’s a collective. A group of street artists following a style in order to laugh at those who seek to place intrinsic, financial value on what is essentially fashionable vandalism.’ He stood up, reaching for the remote and turning off the tv, erasing the reporter’s glossy, earnest face with the press of a button.
‘Yeah. Yeah. I mean, at least he had the sense to seek out medical advice. Not that a GP surgery was the right place, but… Well, he’d been high a while. Between the hallucinations and the shaking he did well to get as far as me.’
Something told John that Mycroft did not intend to place anyone into custody. Nothing so prolonged would be involved when it came to justice, but he did not ask the question and remove all doubt: that wasn't his concern. Mary had made her bed and she could damn well lie in it, even if it did become her grave.
Busy. He needed to be busy. It was the only way he'd get through this alive.
Upstairs, Rosie began to cry. John jumped to his feet, wincing as pain bit into his thigh. He pushed it aside, He didn't have time for that now. Mary was beyond his help, and he couldn't even consider clapping eyes on Sherlock when he was like this: ripped up and torn down by resentment and fear.
'Trite,' Sherlock sneered, 'not to mention irrelevant.'
'That's all right,' John replied squinting at the gloomy afternoon sunlight that ghosted in through Sherlock's bedroom window. 'High heart rate's just because I'm ill, and 96 percent's still within acceptable levels. They wouldn't give me oxygen or anything until it's 94 or below.'
She straightened as if she were a soldier on parade, every ounce of her old special forces training bleeding through the angles of her body in boundless, vivid confidence. 'Don’t think anyone else is going to. It’s up to you, but you’re going to need a little bit of help, because you’re not exactly good with people.' She took a deep breath, as if to steady herself.  'Here’s a few things you need to know about the man we both love – and more importantly what you’re going to need to do.
'Fucking madman more like,' John groused, too tired to put more ire into his words. If he was honest, he could understand Sherlock's respect. It wasn't every day he came across someone who could keep up with him, intellectually speaking. 'What I'm trying to say is, I don't like what you did – I don't like the trick you played, but I know you didn't do it to hurt me. That wasn't your intention.'
'Yes. Let's get this over with. Norbury probably suspects a ploy on Mycroft's part to encourage her to divulge the full extent of her treason, using us as intermediaries. Our true line of questioning may throw her off balance. It will be a brief window of opportunity, but one I intend to exploit.'
‘The Work will not always suffice.’
'Mmm.' Sherlock arched his hips, his burgeoning erection rasping against John's jeans.
'Too much of it?'
The soprano tinkle of shattering glass ghosted through the air, the silence that followed almost deafening. It came from the back of the house, and John swallowed hard, considering his options.
'And if you don't?'
They sat around one of the tables, Sherlock staring out of the window as if he hoped to see the culprit saunter by. Of course, he wasn’t really looking at the street, but at whatever was going on inside his own head.
He'd loved Mary.
‘It’s a big boat, this, isn’t it?’ Greg murmured, more interested in his surroundings that the unfortunate individual who had met a sticky end nearby. It seemed straightforward enough, as murder went. Sherlock suspected he was only here because of the unusual crime scene.
John let out a quiet huff of annoyance. All that effort he'd put in to getting behind Sherlock's attacker, and now they were all back where they started. Except, of course, that was probably part of the plan.
John scoffed as he shoved his arms into his coat sleeve. 'I dunno. She said Millie was thinking of quitting, right? Leaving fencing behind? This is an ex-champion, maybe one who didn't hand over her "crown" but lost it, instead. Maybe there's some resentment there, for how easily Millie gave up her title.'
She straightened in her chair, lifting her chin and wiping her face clean of everything but bored disinterest: a professional expression that set John's teeth on edge. 'I am afraid that has nothing to do with me.'
He understood the necessity, but he had been side-lined for far too long. Now, charging back towards the capital, he felt nothing like relief. Instead, every mile that passed beneath the wheels seemed to wrench the knot in his belly tighter. The restless jiggle of his leg had to be driving Sherlock mad, and the car seemed cramped and closed off: a straitjacket wrapped around him.
Mary had hurt him more than he could say, and he loathed her for ever holding such power over him. He was a fool then for having surrendered himself to her so utterly, and a fool now for feeling one scrap of anything for the woman who had turned her back on him and their daughter.
Mary frowned, her lips pinching hard and her eyes dimming as she clenched her jaw. 'You would like that, wouldn't you? If I was some heartless bitch who had just used him because it suited me?' She twitched her head to the side before pressing the gun harder into his chest. 'Keep walking, Sherlock, and let me tell you a thing or two about the real villain in John Watson's life.'
'Or she never died at all.'
He shook his head, running a hand though his dishevelled hair. He hated this helplessness. Ever since Mary had stepped into the bullet's path, it felt as if his life had been torn from his control. He was a mere passenger: a bystander when he would once have held centre-stage.
'Feels like 'flu. Not even the worse 'flu I've ever had, either. At least I'm awake.'
Instinctively, I think you knew that – you knew she would never give us peace, even if we did manage to get away from the airfield unscathed. Mary demonstrated herself as an ongoing threat to both you and Rosie; one that needed to be stopped.' He sighed, shaking his head. 'I am just sorry it had to be you who pulled the trigger.'
He put the mug down and followed, heading out into the city. London had its secrets, and Sherlock was its confidante. From Banksy to Big Ben, he knew it all, and John was just happy to come along for the ride.
'Bugger,' John hissed, thinking of his gun back in the safety of Baker Street. He'd left it at home. It was too risky bringing it with them whenever he and Sherlock worked a case. Now, though, he regretted his caution. Images of Millie's sliced body kept flashing through his mind's eye, and all he could think of was Sherlock falling to a similar blow. A cold wash of sweat itched between his shoulder blades, and he wet his lips, torn between the urge to rush to Sherlock's aid and the knowledge that, for now at least, he could handle this himself.
In the end, it didn’t matter. Out there, beyond the graveyard’s edge, the world carried on regardless. It didn’t care that Sherlock Holmes was no longer part of it. Why would it care if the same could be said of him? One less soldier in the world. A good thing, surely?
The glasses chimed as he set them down on the low table before collapsing into the armchair to John's right, still smiling fit to burst. 'I'm glad to hear you two sorted things out. Took you long enough.'
As it was, he clung to the edge of the mattress: a stranger in his own bed, giving John as much space as possible. His body felt like a live wire, vibrating with awareness, and Sherlock wondered if he would find sleep here after all. Perhaps he would lie awake, just as he had on the floor, constantly half-aware and alert for any sign of distress.
‘And nothing you can do will stop me. No promises or tricks or – or whatever.’
‘Am not,’ John retorted, but his own smile gave him away. He knew the look Greg meant: a hopeless, fond expression that got stuck on his face whenever he thought about Sherlock. ‘All right, maybe a bit soft.’
The Greg he knew back then had been tense and sharp, his humour wicked and his patience thin. He was still an excellent friend, even in those days, but it was good to see him softening at the edges. If nothing else it made him easier to appease when Sherlock inevitably ruffled his feathers. 'Any other "changes" I should know about?'
‘No. Mycroft could handle such things himself without breaking a sweat. This is… personal.’
Sherlock focussed on doing up his shirt buttons: the slide of cotton reassuring and mundane beneath his fingers. It was a small thing. There was so little in this scenario that he could control, so little he could predict… The fallout of The Fall.
'They're taking us to a private clinic,' Sherlock explained, his voice steady and calm: a life-raft in a stormy sea. 'It will save a wait in A&E, and we can get ourselves patched up.'
Quick warning for John being grumpy about Remembrance Day.
John's stomach clenched tight, and he sucked in a breath, jerking his head in quick denial. It wasn't Sherlock – it couldn't be. Mary wouldn't do away with him without getting what she wanted. Yet despite all logical reasoning, he could not bring himself to believe it. He needed to see who it was with his own eyes. To take it in with his own senses and know that Mary had not played one last, cruel trick on them all. 'Where is it?'
He passed John his mug, curling John's fingers around the handle and making sure it was secure in his grip before turning to his own drink. 'So why are they here? What are they hoping to achieve? It's the one aspect I have yet to grasp, and one that I suspect is essential to bringing this to an end.'
John closed his eyes, gathering his scattered wits about him like so much armour. He ached from head to foot, bruised and battered, but he couldn't waste time on himself: not right now. 'You think she's taken him hostage to get to you?'
Mary looked down at the hands knotted in her lap, her white-knuckles belying the light-hearted veneer in her voice. 'I'm giving you a case, Sherlock. Maybe the hardest one of your career. When – when I'm gone, I need you to do something for me.' All trace of mirth faded from her expression, those murky blue eyes turning flat and serious. 'Save John Watson. Save him, Sherlock.'
Now The Woman as here, and John could scream at the unfairness of it all.
'Are you kicking me out?' he asked, a weak smile taking the bite out of his words.
'Nothing you know to look for.' Sherlock shrugged, keeping his expression indifferent as his mind whirled. He had observed some of the toys Mycroft played with. They were hand-me-downs from MI6, practically obsolete, for all that they looked cutting edge.
‘Then it’s the perfect level for your intelligence.’
Sherlock sucked in a breath. Emotion suffused his chest, like hot silk brushing against flesh, bone and his beating, bloody heart. How often had he told himself since his return that he did not need absolution? For how long had he believed that lie? Only now that he had it did he realise its importance.
'It's my pleasure, John.'
Sherlock lay as unmoving as a statue. If not for the poise and tension in his body, John would think he'd gone to sleep. As it was, he found himself glancing up from his book, watching the steady rise and fall of Sherlock's chest and the occasional flicker of movement behind his eyelids.
'It's not Mary I seek to defend or protect,' Sherlock pointed out, his deep voice soft over the admission. 'It never has been. Since I came back to London, Mary has not once been my priority.'
Sherlock was back. Alive. Whole. A complete and utter bastard as always, but one who John could see was trying to make amends. He had his reasons for what he had done, for his long, silent absence, but John had not asked for them. It didn’t matter. He didn’t care.
'So why did you come back?' John's clipped words punctuated the air, and Sherlock hid his wince. There had always been a chance that Mary would be waiting for them when they returned to London, but he had hoped there would be a delay in this confrontation: time for John to come to terms with everything she had said and done. Now, his anger was a palpable thing, honed only by the rough edge of his disbelief. 'You could have stayed away. Why didn't you?'
John was a wounded animal, and there was nothing Sherlock could do to ease his pain.
In fact, it had been almost twelve miles, all told, but Sherlock did not think John would appreciate the answer. The throb of his feet was all the proof of their adventure that either of them needed.
'Sir.' A man of indeterminate rank ripped off a neat salute and thrust a piece of paper into the commander's hands. 'The airfield was built during the Second World War. It was also part of the nuclear weapon command relay in later years.'
'There are four colours to the numbers: red, blue, green and black – probably corresponding to the sides of the pillar.'
They weren't in the playground itself, but outside it, loitering near an oak tree. Dressed in dark, non-descript clothes, it was only their inaction that made them stand out. Everyone else was in the middle of doing something, tending to their children or feeding the ducks, but not this person.
'But why? Why would they do that? Is it to – to scare me? Smoke me out? What?'
They worked quickly, enthused by their success, plucking at the tangle until, at last, the skitter of Sherlock’s pen came to a halt. It was one line of many, but it was a start.
Mycroft gave John a slow, inscrutable look, his thin lips pressing into a line of tight, stressed white before he spoke. 'Tell me, John. If Harmattan have turned on Mary, how will she react?'
Murder was, for the most part, boring. There was nothing unusual about a human being losing their temper or defending themselves or whatever else had driven them to take the life of another. Almost every case that came across was straight-forward and predictable. They held no interest for Sherlock
Sherlock sighed, his eyes looking everywhere but at John as he seemed to consider his words with care. 'Mycroft and I have been exploring every possible angle. So far, all we've found is more questions.' He met John's gaze, his jaw tense. 'This has nothing to do with Moriarty. Rather, I think it might be about Mary and her past.'
‘Damned if I know.’ Lestrade stared blankly around him, his shoulders slumped in defeat. Anderson looked like the sheer amount of scene processing ahead of him had sent him into a catatonic state, while distaste curled Donovan’s lip.
'Now who's being bossy?' Sherlock purred, his hot breath ghosting over John's cock in exquisite torment.
He could be stubborn. If she wanted him to hand over the file she needed so badly, then she couldn't very well shoot him in the head. Corpses couldn't cooperate, after all. Yet even as he considered it, he realised his own foolishness.
John looked back at the field and shrugged. ‘Looks like a friendly to me. Maybe they don’t care?’
'I –' John swallowed, closing his eyes with a brief, pained expression, as if the enormity of such a task felt beyond him. Perhaps, Sherlock surmised, it did. Not because the actual decision was a difficult one, but because it carried too much emotional weight for John to make with ease. Maybe the best thing to do would be to break up the ordeal into its simplest fundamentals.
‘A few stitches and it’ll be right as rain.’ He wet his lips, ignoring the subtle shiver of adrenaline that still twanged through his body. Sherlock saw everything though, even that, and a moment later the Belstaff wrapped around John’s shoulders, enveloping him in warmth and the fragrance of Sherlock’s shampoo.
'At the time? No.' Sherlock met John's gaze without a hint of deception. 'But nor could I ignore the possibility that, at some point, something in Mary's past may re-emerge to hurt you: all of you.'
John huffed, but Sherlock tilted his head, apparently intrigued.
Everyone was different, though, and none more so than Sherlock. John could actually see the wave of logic chasing back the trailing dregs of fear.
‘Possibly just the easiest to remove without damaging them. This is no hack job. Look at the severed ends.’
John sucked in a deep breath as he trotted up the stairs to the flat. His keys jangled in his hand as he let himself in, his shoulders dropping away from his ears as the tension fled his frame. Therapy was necessary – he knew that well enough – but it was a painful process. If left to his own devices, he would probably have given up after a session or two, unable to muster the strength to continue.
Instinctively, Sherlock reached out, his hand covering John's where it lay on the table. John's knuckles twitched, warm and strong beneath his touch. A quick twist on John's part, and they were palm-to-palm, his fingers woven between Sherlock's own.
Mycroft's sigh echoed down the line, sounding more tired than John had ever heard him. He could imagine him slumped over with his elbows on his desk, his head bowed in something like defeat, and John's heart went into freefall.
'Will that do?' she asked, all false cheer. 'He's here, and he's alive.'
'Yesterday, you said an hour,' Sherlock pointed out, raising one eyebrow as if he could make his displeasure known, despite the fact Molly couldn't see his face. 'I take it you ran into trouble?'
'All right. Mycroft's people should be in position.' He gestured to the world beyond the window. 'An added layer of security for us. I doubt anyone will launch a full-on assault on Baker Street, but I have been wrong before.'
‘I apologise,’ Sherlock murmured when she was gone, turning to John with something soft and unknown in his gaze. ‘I needed to demonstrate that her particular methods would be fruitless. I could not think of a compelling alternative.’
Mind you, he suspected if Sherlock started acting all aghast now, it would only send John into a panic. No. This was good. This was what he needed. Sherlock behaving like himself, the same as always. And if that meant John was little more to him than one of his experiments? Well, it would have to do.
'As a friend?' John tilted his head, his question as soft as his expression. There was no judgement or cruelty, no narrowed eyes or downturned lips. There was just John, watching Sherlock as if he held the answers to all the questions in the universe, the same as always.
No, better this, that he be here, constantly in John's orbit to offer whatever small assistance he could.
Whoever these people were, they were well-equipped. The computers were top-of-the-range, and would no doubt have the security to match it. A glance at his watch told him there was no time to waste, and Sherlock's lips hooked in a grimace as he turned away, intent on exploring the other rooms nearby.
'Can you take him out?' Sherlock chewed his lip. Of all of them, the machine gun in the passenger compartment was the most precise weapon, but only for a given value of "precise".
‘Hmm.’ Sherlock’s response was beautifully non-committal, and John tried his best to ignore the stab of hurt. It was better than agreement, he told himself, but it was no refusal either.
Molly made a choked, odd noise, and Sherlock wondered what she was thinking. 'Does John know about this?'
'We don't have time for that.' Sherlock raised an eyebrow, watching the commander purse her lips. He did not blame her. The career she had chosen relied on following orders and a strict hierarchy, but neither he nor John were a part of that. 'The helicopter is probably their primary escape route, not to mention their best weapon. If we take it out of action, we cripple them and ruin their strategy.'
With a jab of his thumb, he disconnected the call and reached forward, discouraging Rosie from her excited scrabble towards the fire and instead trapping her in the perimeter of his splayed legs. She enjoyed the effort of getting out of her makeshift prison, cooing and giggling as she wriggled and rolled.
Mycroft looked as if he’d just sunk his teeth into a lemon, all haughty annoyance at Sherlock’s lightning quick response. His face pinched and his lips pursed as his eyes flashed in a rare show of genuine irritation.
The venom she'd dosed herself with just before Vivian made the shot slowed her heartbeat and respiration right down: the perfect, faltering death scene. A half-paralysed diaphragm made her farewell sound all the more real before the chemicals dragged her under and her vital signs became imperceptible. That state wasn't sustainable, not for long, but the so-called paramedics hadn't hung about. They'd whisked her away, exactly as planned.
'I cannot tell you much. I only know what Mary deigned to tell me, and it becomes clearer with every day that she kept her own confidence. However, I do have the name of the group who were watching Doctor Watson. Their proper name.'
Sherlock frowned, ferreting that piece of information away for later consideration. 'Thank you, Mycroft. Let me know if there's any change.'
Endless. That was the best description Sherlock could come up with for the labyrinthine tunnels under London’s streets. Between those and the tube, there was a whole mirror-city down there, and the deeper you went, the older it became. Going back centuries and millennia, back to when London was barely London at all, just the earth pressing down on the brutal intrusion of Victorian brickwork and modern artifice.
'Do that again and it'll be over already,' he warned, his voice little but a rasp as his body trembled, eager for anything. All he cared about was Sherlock's touch. He felt hungry for it, desperate, aching inside and out for more. 'What do you want?'
'You'd think she'd have stabbed them instead,' John muttered. 'Gave as good as she got, but there was no sword near her body except the ones in the racks on the wall.'
In the end, he did try to smother it somewhat, if only for John’s sake. He made sure he did not have an audience if he actually found himself jumping for joy over the delicacy of a particularly wonderful case. John saw, of course, but that’s because he didn’t berate Sherlock for it. These days he tended to give him a fond look and only chide him a little bit.
Even the great Sherlock Holmes needed sleep.
The only difference was that Mary hid what she was, whereas Sherlock felt no such compunction. Everyone around him knew what they were dealing with. He did not allow them to harbour any illusions as to his personality. Mary went out of her way to conceal every unsavoury facet. That, he believed, was what John would consider her greatest betrayal.
'And through him, me.' Mycroft pursed his lips, raising a single eyebrow. He looked strange without his jacket. A bullet-proof vest took its place, and he'd rolled his sleeves up to his elbows. Mycroft was notorious for despising leg-work, but John suspected nothing on earth could have made him sit this one out. Not when Sherlock was in danger.
'I understand. The same goes for you, though. None of this is your fault.' John held up a hand, stemming any protests Sherlock had to offer. 'Just, promise me that, whatever happens, whatever we do, we do it together? I –' John ducked his head, a faint flush cresting his cheekbones. He reached out, gripping Sherlock's right hand in his left and giving a firm squeeze, as if he could somehow press his words through Sherlock’s flesh and carve them in the bones beneath. 'I don't think I can do it without you.'
'How can I help?'
'When they invaded your home, were they looking for something?'
The shot cleaved neatly into the man's shoulder. His howl of pain echoed in Sherlock's ears. John was moving, kicking the gun away and smashing the butt of his pistol into the enemy’s face. It was messy and inelegant, but it had the desired effect. He dropped into unconsciousness like a stone as, beside him, his colleague took their last gasp.
His family.
Once, before Rosie, he would have done it anyway. He would have let whoever was following him through the city and watching his damn house know that they weren't as clever as they thought, but he had a daughter to consider. Better for everyone if it appeared that he'd cut all connection to Sherlock, at least for now.
Caution whispered in his ear. A few hours ago, John had still been delirious, locked within the clammy cage of a fever and lost to the real world. Now, he sprawled against Sherlock's chest like a survivor, drained and limp. Just because he sounded as if his head was clear, it didn't mean that John had escaped the clutches of his delusions. He could not take such a gift at face-value.
She’d felt like a voyeur, being accidental witness to that. So much in one look: hope and joy and a healthy dash of well-placed fear. They’d put each other through hell over the years, what with Moriarty and then Mary.
'That's not what I wanted!'
Not, he supposed, that he could blame him for the interference. Not when the result was this: a tentative rekindling of the friendship he and John had once enjoyed and a reclamation of the closeness they'd shared when they both lived in 221B.
And he didn’t begrudge them. He didn’t. It mattered. Those men and women had died for their country. The ultimate sacrifice and all that. It just bothered him how even the dead only got one day a year. As for the survivors? What did they get? A pitiful pension and a six-week course of therapy if they were lucky. Not much more.
'But – but who... Why?' He leant forward, putting his elbows on the desk and resting his head in his hands. A tight vice of emotion clamped around his throat, and he swallowed against it, trying to ignore the way every breath had become an anxious snatch of air. 'Who is doing this?'
Sherlock was a touch more dignified, but his arms encircled her little body as if she were the most precious thing in the world. His cheek rested on the top of her head, and he looked more at peace than Greg had ever seen him.
‘No. I’d better go to the hospital for this one.’ John wrinkled his nose. The paramedics couldn’t do much to treat it, and would only direct him to UCLH anyway. It would be a long, boring wait, especially late on a Friday night.
‘Why ice?’ John managed, jerking his head over his shoulder. He couldn’t deal with Moriarty, not now. His head was too full of Sherlock. Too full of danger.
‘I know many things you don’t.’ Sherlock put just enough disdain into his voice to make Sally glare. ‘However, nothing pertaining to Ms Russell, at least not yet. It’s just another angle to cover. I suspect evidence might be a little thin on the ground.’
He would not apologise for the question, not when he could see the jagged edge of John's own uncertainty: his wish for this to be over warring with his honour. His need to keep Rosie safe at odds with his stubborn desire to work against the machinations of an undeniably suspect group.
Stumbling towards the bathroom door, he pushed his way out into the flat and stood in the corridor, trying to marshal his scattered thoughts. He needed to call the surgery. Let them know he wouldn't be in. He should clean things. Try and stop it spreading more than it already had, but he was so tired...
It didn't take him long to change and neaten his hair. Nothing could erase the haggard circles under his eyes, but by the time he stopped to consider his reflection, he decided he at least looked capable and focused in a way he had not felt in weeks. Perhaps it was an elaborate mask, but he would still wear it.
Sherlock was one of them.
Rusty brown stained the white outfit she wore, the cloth parted in great, yawning slashes. John counted five, all criss-crossing each other. It looked violent. Furious. Blood had pooled around the body, smeared by what looked like swiping fingertips. She’d been alive, he realised, struggling to move away from her attacker as the blows fell.
Their footsteps echoed on the hardwood floor, and John tried not to let the grand surroundings get to him. King’s College might not be as pompous as Oxford or Cambridge, but it still held an elitist air. Here, on Guy’s Campus, the beautiful red brick architecture was filled with high-ceilinged rooms and long, sweeping corridors. There were plenty of students about at this time of the morning, and he bristled at the occasional, judgemental look cast his way. He wished he’d thought to wear something better than his tatty old jeans and a scruffy jumper.
They expected Sherlock to be intimidated: easy social prey. They only realised their mistake when they found themselves locked in his sights, his shamming smile all teeth and his tongue biting.
'The foil is tipped and blunted, but if it were a different weapon...'
John shifted his hand, moving over the bare skin at Sherlock's wrist to give his fingers a reassuring squeeze. 'Then we'll be ready. Mild fevers tend to return in the evening anyway; it's a natural part of recovery, but think about how much better I am already. Compared to yesterday, or two days ago?'
Lips quivered around the snarl that scraped up John’s throat. A ball of fury, ragged and visceral, lay stuck in his chest, hurting his heart with every beat. If he found out who had done this… He clenched his hand into a quick fist, digging his nails into his palm. Part of him itched to dash out the doors and start tearing London apart, but that wasn’t an option. Not until he knew Sherlock would be okay.
There had been shouting, of course, clenched fists and a few too many tears on his own part for John’s liking: relief and fury all twisted around each other. Sherlock had apologised, awkward but genuine, and maybe forgiveness wasn’t immediate, but it was pretty damn quick.
That was not the John that Sherlock knew. He had never been content to let someone else solve his problems, and deep down, Sherlock suspected that had not changed. No, given time, John would succumb to his own grim curiosity. He would seek out the answers that Sherlock had promised to find. His current indifference had its root in some alternative sentiment. Guilt, perhaps, or resentment. Oh, he would never put it in so many words, but just because John had asked for Sherlock's help did not mean he was happy to accept it.
'I keep wondering if there's anything I could have done,' he confessed, raising his voice to be heard over the clatter of plates. 'To – to be enough for her. To make it so she'd never...' He trailed off, shaking his head. There was nothing logical about emotion; nothing sensible in regret, and yet here he was, trying to think his way out of it.
He was tempted to argue that, of the two of them, John was the one who would benefit the most from a few hours of solid sleep, but he knew it would be a lost cause. It would not bring John rest or relief to have Sherlock watch the door in his place, and so he settled down at his side, pulling the quilt up to his shoulders and pressing his own back to the line of John's spine in mute reassurance.
If nothing else, the thought of allowing Norbury so much as a glimpse of his turmoil sent shudders down his spine. There were few he trusted to see him in such a state, even among his friends. In fact, only Sherlock had borne witness to the splintered remains of John's emotional wreckage.
'John's ill.' He pursed his lips, belatedly wondering if he should have tried to break it to her more gently.
‘A sharp hook and strong grinding edges. Perfect for demolishing harder substance, not well-formed for plucking out eyes.’ Sherlock waved a hand. ‘Besides, even if not for the fact that this bird would struggle to cause such damage, there is more salient evidence to suggest its innocence.’
'You'll give yourself a headache,' John pointed out as he ambled through, heading for the kettle with the single-minded determination of a parent needing some caffeine. 'All hunched over like that.'
The day passed; the hands crept around the clock face, and the new phone in his pocket stayed resolutely silent. It didn't take long before he began to regret hanging up on Sherlock. By the time he stood to go home his restless anger had vanished, leaving him hollow and drained.
Those slender shoulders shifted in a shrug. 'Probably. All members of AGRA were highly-trained, very resourceful and emotionally invested in their situation. To Ajay, Mary's biggest crime was the apparent betrayal of her team, but he was shot before we could find out the fullness of what he had done in revenge. Convenient, in retrospect.'
'Indeed,' the commander agreed, 'and remember, if the helicopter does have a gunman, or the pilot lands to utilise the weaponry, they will aim for open ground to intimidate us into breaking cover. Do not do so. Make them come to you. Now, go!'
‘Where is John?’ he demanded, lowering his head and clenching his jaw as he glared at her. ‘Clearly, you never intended to meet with him at all.’
The skim of lube-slick fingers against his hole made him whine, and he cocked his legs further apart, his voice nothing but a useless, cracked litany of Sherlock's name on repeat. He was losing himself in increments, unravelling at his seams as Sherlock's fingers pressed in, smoothing the way before curling upwards.
Sherlock grimaced, not envying John the navigation of that particular bit of bureaucracy. With time and determination, he was confident they would get a full pay-out for the loss of John's house and his possessions, but it would never replace all the physical, sentimental items that had gone up in smoke.
'All right.' John ducked his head, biting his lip as he considered his options. 'I'm going to see what I can do downstairs. Maybe I can set up something to give us a bit more warning if anyone tries to break in.'
At first, John had driven himself half-spare with the same concerns, anxious and angry in equal measure that Sherlock, for all his genius, might not have figured out the code. Now, at least, he had the reassurance he had hoped for. There, hidden within neat handwriting – where odd spaces could be excused as mere quirks – the punctuation spelled out its own story in Morse.
Younger than he had first thought, and surprisingly benign in appearance. There was not much to mark his expression, though his pallor suggested he spent most of his days indoors. Only a hair thin wire curving up behind his ear suggested anything ominous: communications of some kind: an unexpected facet to their organisation.
His anger remained, and he continued to keep Sherlock at arm's length.
Sherlock didn't bother him with stupid questions or pointless platitudes. Instead, he set the TV down on the floor and turned his attention to the dressing table. With a heave, he dragged it to the foot of the bed before plonking the telly on its scarred surface. 'I'll connect the rest of it a minute. Let's see what we can do to make you more comfortable.'
‘Hey, Sherlock. I mean it.’ John reached out with his good hand, gripping Sherlock’s shirt collar and pulling him closer. ‘Thanks.’
Weak wings of panic fluttered across his mind. He had no recollection of ending up like this, and now his hands twitched against his own bare chest as he tried to map out the faceless hours of the night. 'Yeah,' he managed, another dry cough hitching in his throat. 'Yeah, I'm –' He raised a hand to his brow, grimacing at the salty patina of dried sweat that seemed to cover every inch of him. 'What happened?'
‘What about all the breakages? Are you telling me they’re not signs of a struggle?’ Anderson demanded.
The chances were good that they would be dressed in tactical gear, but even so a shot to the torso would be enough to wind them, buying them a few precious moments. That was the best he could hope for. Unlike John and the commander, Sherlock's training with firearms was limited, and he did not trust his aim nor the data at his disposal to put his faith in a headshot.
‘I’m going to Molly. If there’s anything odd going on in any of the morgues, she’ll know. If Donovan gets anything useful out of Miss Harris, let me know. I’m not sure if this is a prank or a threat, but she should not sleep here tonight.’
He hated it, but he could not deny that Sherlock's presence brought him some relief. Not from the turmoil of his emotions, but from the tight, anxious energy that consumed his every waking moment. Despite everything, Sherlock, more than anyone else, made him feel safe.
A mirthless laugh erupted from John's throat, skating the knife-edge of hysteria. He barred it behind his teeth, his jaw tense as he gave his head a quick shake. 'I can't do this.' He wasn't sure what he was referring to. Every fibre of his being wanted to not be in this moment, struggling to cope with the enormity of what he
Sherlock huffed, trying not to feel self-conscious. The gash across his face was impressive by anyone’s standards. The pain was irritating, but easy to control. No, it was the stitches that were driving him half-mad. He was not prone to smiling, but every micro-expression tweaked them, making him excruciatingly aware of his current disfigurement.
“Beware. A foe is near.”
Mycroft smirked as Sherlock’s hand twitched the wrong way, dragging a truly awful, involuntary racket out of his beloved instrument.
Sherlock grimaced, looking through the page in his grasp for a block of code beginning with a red number. 'A matter of trial and error to determine, I imagine. We shall have to decode a small section and see which combination gives us anything intelligible.'
John was right: if they were correct about the role she played, then she was a traitor to her country. Perhaps she had her reasons, but Sherlock doubted they were any more convoluted than her enjoying the thrill of her deceit. She was much like him in some ways: happy to overlook the moral dubiousness of her actions in the name of seeking her own enjoyment and satisfaction.
'Harmattan. They're called Harmattan.'
Greg pulled a face and shrugged. 'A week or two? I dunno. It's not important. What matters is I'm glad you and Sherlock have got your act together. You're happy, despite stupid, embarrassing questions from your mates.' Greg jerked his head towards the door. 'Now, shall I get you home to lover boy? I'll take a cab from your place.'
To John.
Blinking, he issued a parched groan of misery. A cool glass kissed his lips, and he drank from it greedily, too busy slaking his thirst to focus on his surroundings. Only when the water was gone did he take heed of the room around him, his vision clear for the first time in what felt like years.
Before John, Sherlock would not have given the thought a moment’s notice. Nor, in fact, would he have bothered to feed the petty demands of his growling stomach. Things had changed over the years.
'Then I would be forced to question whether or not the file was ever their main goal.'
Once, that kind of thing might have shocked him. Maybe. After all, there was a good chance that at least some people had lost their lives today. Others were in ambulances and helicopters and god knew what else with life-changing injuries.
That thought, more than any other, made John's throat clamp tight around the first bubble of a real sob.
With a hasty nod to himself, he strode over to the equipment trolley, opening a drawer and scooping up a scalpel. He freed it from its packaging in one quick rip and tucked it up his sleeve, blade pointing down towards his hand. It wasn't much – he would prefer his gun – but it would do if push really came to shove.
For now, cooperation was the best way forward.
Propping himself against the wall of Baker Street, he waited for Sherlock, his heart racing and his mind spinning with possibilities. He hoped Sherlock had a plan, because John's ideas were all reactive at best. His strategies kept getting stuck on the basics, like "Get Molly out of danger."
To John.
At least, not any more.
'A lucrative one, certainly. A single secret from this file would be an embarrassment to the government involved, but all of them? Mycroft, it could start wars.'
'Abducting Molly would be a risk. Her home is moderately central, and the location you gave John is abandoned, but far from discreet. Getting her across the city would be no easy feat. It would carry a huge chance of discovery; one which would inconvenience you at best.' He turned the problem over in his mind, pressing his lips together as he considered the possibilities. 'You didn't take her anywhere,' he decided at last. 'She's still at her flat. Alive?'
A few minutes later, Phil rang a bell, signalling the end of the bouts. The snick and clatter of swords fell silent as his voice boomed, urging the fencers waiting at the side-lines to take their place on the pistes.
Molly's in-drawn breath shivered down the line. He could picture her easily, her shoulders tense in an over-sized cardigan and her thin face pale. 'It all happened so fast,' she replied, her voice thick with regret. 'I only had enough time to recognise Mary, nothing else. She looked determined. I remember that much. Not angry or frightened – just resolved. Like she had a job to do. I'll – I'll hand you back to the Inspector.'
‘Don’t remind me.’ He sighed, fighting off a smile as he nudged Sherlock with his elbow, revelling in the quiet, deep laugh that answered him.
'I thought you said it was all right?'
'What about here?'
A cold sweat broke out across his upper lip. His gaze darted around the room, alighting on the built-in wardrobe at the far end. As hiding places went, it was obvious, but perhaps it could buy him a little time: even one minute more could make all the difference.
Those eyes roved John's face, reading God knew what in his expression, examining the slant of his brow and the curve of his lips. As seconds ticked by, the air between them grew heady and thick, leaving John dizzy. Was it his imagination, or was there something else behind Sherlock's expression, something like fondness and curiosity and heat?
Rosie slept through the long journey, sucking happily on her fingers as the scenery sped past. Even when the driver pulled over next to an almost identical car and bade them to switch, she didn't so much as stir.
John's breath whistled between his lips as he arched his back, revelling in the stretched fullness as Sherlock's hands tightened, clasping waist and thighs in a desperate effort to anchor himself rather than be swept away.
'You think they're following her?'
His certainty rang out in his single word response, and for the first time in hours there was a flare of strength in that blue gaze. 'Yes, I want to stay here.'
‘And then?’ John raised an eyebrow, trying to keep his expression innocent.
(See the end of the chapter for
Not until it was too late and they ended up in tears, in handcuffs or both.
'I killed Mary.' He wet his lips, saying it out loud for the first time. The words tangled on his tongue as if they were trying to dive back down his throat, but he forced them out all the same. 'I killed her.'
Sherlock hummed in agreement. He knew John would never mock him for showing sentiment – not like Mycroft. In this, at least, he could be honest.
John was the one who found a piece of scrap metal and buffed it to a tolerable shine before propping it up on top of a pillar drill in the far corner of the room. While the reflected image was blurred, it would still pick up movement beyond the windows, and Sherlock nodded his approval of the idea.
'No, but look, the coordinates are not in the church itself, but in the graveyard. I suspect they're pointing to a specific memorial or tomb.' Sherlock tilted his head in thought, exposing the long column of his neck. The old, cotton top he wore to bed hung low around his collarbones, and John swallowed at the sight, ignoring the flash of desire that bolted down his spine. The dream with Mary rose in his mind again, her voice damning.
He had never felt so sick at himself.
Mary did not miss the gesture. Her gaze fastened on the single point of contact, and something in her face shifted: a gleam of understanding, perhaps. Sherlock swallowed, trying not to feel as if he had just put his weakness on display. His association and affection for John remained well-known. It could hardly come as a surprise to Mary, knowing them as she did. Yet the look she gave him carried a smug edge to it, and she leant back in her chair, apparently at ease.
Before, they’d seemed special, different. Yesterday he would have bet everything he had they were the way Sherlock’s human power manifested itself. Yet now John knew more, he saw them in a different light. They were nothing to do with magic or enchantments. They were just Sherlock: perhaps, after all this, they were the most human thing about him.
John gave him the same look he gave Rosie when she was telling blatant fibs. ‘Want to try again?’ he asked. His face didn’t show it, but a hint of lightness to his voice suggested he was rather enjoying Sherlock’s discomfort.
By the time the video call connected, an uncomfortable sweat had broken out across John's back, prickling under his shirt as he clenched his jaw and stared at the woman before them.
'The coordinates must have led to it for a reason.' Sherlock examined the pictures he had taped to the kitchen floor, the better to recreate the exact order of each name. The fact that they had been listed alphabetically helped in that regard, but there was still scope for error if he wasn't careful. 'In the end, there is only one way to find out. Pass me the first page of numbers, and let's see if we can make any sense of it.'
The members of the Yard looked at him, uncomprehending. Only John reacted, turning to Sherlock in surprise before staring at the vase. ‘Really?’
‘Can you hurry up?’ John asked, giving him a weary poke in the back and urging him over the threshold into the flat. ‘I’m knackered. God knows how far we walked today. Well, waded, I suppose.’
Before Moriarty pushed the button and blew Sherlock's entire life to smithereens, he had begun to see John as.... more. Not just a friend and confidante, a companion and brother-in-arms, but a man with the potential to become his lover. Back then, he had not spoken of it. To do so seemed like too great a risk: there was too much at stake that he could lose if John did not feel the same way.
And this is the story of how they ending up in bed together.
When John had finished the letter, he couldn’t believe what he’d just read.  He’d thought whatever was holding Sherlock back related to his time away, he’d never imagined that this stemmed back into his childhood.  God this explained so much.
“Doesn’t seem like it will be needed.” Sherlock answered.
'Won't be long now,' Sherlock huffed as John's fingers began to slide effortlessly in and out now.
They both tended to Rosie in the tub and John couldn’t get over how domesticity suited Sherlock.  It was positively sublime how Sherlock lit up Rosie’s face when he’d play with her toys in the tub.  She splashed and made a mess, but it didn’t matter.  All that mattered is that this was the three of them now.
John got the kettle going and made their tea the way he always did, Sherlock’s with sugar and milk and his black.
“Well what if I’m ready now for more things, maybe not everything, but more.”  He couldn’t believe he actually worked up the nerve to say it, but he’d been wanting to kiss Sherlock now at night when the go to bed.  He just didn’t know how to ask for it.
Sherlock leaned in and devoured John’s lips as he slowly began to rock his hips back and forth and then up and down and John moaned and Sherlock smiled against his lips as he began to pick up the pace.
“Sherlock, I told you…”
Sherlock let his head drop and chuckled.  “I’ll go get her.”  He said and was on his feet in an instant and up the stairs.
Sherlock and John were lost in each other.  John let go of Sherlock’s hands, whispering in his ear, “would you like me to take your cock in my mouth and give you the best blow job you’ve ever had?”
John couldn’t believe what Sherlock was offering him. His heart was pounding in his rib cage. This was definitely not how he thought this day was going to turn out.
They pulled up to Baker Street and began unloading the boxes.  Well, Mycroft’s men did most the moving.  It didn’t take long and soon they were unpacking and putting things away.
The first event if you can believe started as a tragic event turned happy.  It was my seventh birthday.  As you can imagine (well maybe you don’t), I didn’t have what one would call a normal childhood.  I was way ahead of my peers, and that fact being widely known at my school meant I was shunned by not only the students but the teachers as well.  It also probably had something to do with my perceptiveness (yes even at that age) and the inability to keep my mouth shut.  So It should come as no surprise that I had no friends.  Mummy simply thought I was having a rough time transitioning so she had decided to hold a huge celebration for my birthday that year and invited all my classmates assuring me that they would come.  All that needed to happen was that they needed to see how I was outside of school.  It was to her great horror when not a single family showed and she called every single family and let them know exactly what she thought of them. I had begged her not to, that it would only make things worse for me in the end, but she had just ignored my protests as she always did and went about making the calls.
Of course when he told me, I was livid, I hadn’t even had the chance to say goodbye.  To this day I still hate him for it even though I know he was trying to save me from making a painful decision.  He of course had offered buy me another dog, but Redbeard was irreplaceable and I never wanted to go through any of that again, ever.
John put a fingertip over Sherlock’s mouth to quiet him.
Sherlock nodded, John tugged again only this time harder.  “I want words Sherlock.  Sentences.  I know you can do it.  That marvellous brain of yours can handle this, it can handle so much more than the little taste I am giving you now.”
“God Sherlock!” he chanted as Sherlock kept inching his way further down and when John hit the back of Sherlock’s soft palate and Sherlock almost swallowed him whole, John tugged on his hair just hard to pull Sherlock out of his focus on giving John the best blow job he’s ever had and Sherlock looked at him confused.
Sherlock shook his head no, “John, quit stalling.  You know I dislike talking things out, but you are correct when you said this needs sorting.”
Sherlock shook his head, “no, I’m rather enjoying this, but will you do me a favour?  When you go upstairs for the evening, can you take your journal along and put it somewhere away.”
John hummed and was grateful for this attention that Sherlock was giving him but was surprised when Sherlock withdrew his fingers and coaxed John to his feet and lead him to his bedroom down the hallway.
This is why they worked - they balanced each other out perfectly and as Sherlock pulled him closer bit by bit, John closed his eyes and moaned.
“Nonsense, the mess is over, it’s the cleaning up we need to work on,” Sherlock replied, “so that you can be ok with this, with us.” Sherlock said waving his hand between them.
hope you enjoy. all mistake are mine and not britpicked
Anderson just nodded, he was speechless.
“You clever bastard.”
“Mmm, yes please,” Sherlock craned his neck, he wanted to feel John’s lips and teeth on his pulse point, he wanted so much from John, but that would be a nice start.
He slowly circled his hole with his forefinger with the lightest pressure at first.
Sherlock moaned loud and long and Donovan looked at Anderson and whispered “Jesus, no wonder they wanted far away from us.”
John was hesitant, but he trusted Sherlock, which had taken a while but it had happened slowly.
“Ok, John add yours slowly and that is where everything went wrong, it bubbled over and then exploded covering them both in goo.”
“Just in time.” he smiled as he reached over a placed a kissed on her head.  “Was your food good?”  She babbled and Sherlock took that as a yes.  “Good little bee.”  he rustled his fingers through the curls on her head and sat down to join John who had already started eating is stir fry.
John redoubled his efforts and bobbed his head a few times, and then went for it. He relaxed his throat and in one swift move took Sherlock to the root, then up again, then back down, slow at first, then increasing the speed.
Sherlock began to answer, but John leaned forward and shushed him. “It’s my decision, but first I think I need to be rid of these trousers and pants so I can take care of you properly once I remove these beads.”
“Sherlock, we can do this on your time table, I don’t want to rush you.”
John wove his fingers back into Sherlock’s still slightly slicked hair, grabbing hard and pulling him up as he sat back on his knees.  “The mouth on you.  I wish everyone knew how you talk for me but I like that this is only for me.”  He grinned as he traced the fingertips of his left hand Sherlock’s lips, “but first I think I want you to show me what you can do with that wicked mouth of yours before I do anything to you.”
He shook his head yes and began to remove his clothing until he was down to his pants and walked around to the other side of the bed and snuck under the covers and kept a safe distance between them.
“John, I haven’t forgotten, I’ve accepted that I made some terrible mistakes and that it’s ok because we’ve ended up here together now.”
“John…” he whined, ‘please, no teasing.  I had to endure that dreadful dinner party of Mycroft’s that you refused to accompany me to and I'm wound tighter than a spring because I had to behave knowing that you would be unhappy if my brother texted you at work informing you of any unbecoming behaviour.”
He nodded, “Yes I did
John sighed, “look this may be a ridiculous idea, but you know how everyone at the Yard thinks we’re an item, well we should give them a show, at least an auditory one, and if they come over to look, we could give them even more of a show, minimal touching, just to make it look real.”
He became aware of Sherlock's presence when Sherlock crawled on top of him and grabbed the book and threw it across the room.
He sat in his chair after handing Sherlock his mug of tea, “I can’t believe we got it all finished in a day.”
Ultimately it didn’t matter.  As far as Sherlock had been concerned, he had been justified in his actions because after all, he was protecting John – and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade – but first and foremost John.  Most would wonder why, since Sherlock wasn’t the sentimental type, but he had come to find that John was his everything.  He just hadn’t realised it until that very day when he heard John’s voice crack and felt his hand shake as he searched fruitlessly for a pulse that had been masked not to be there all thanks to a little rubber ball.  Sherlock hadn’t expected the broken sobs that tore from John’s being.
He reclaimed his position straddling John's thighs and began to kiss down his collar bone and chest before coming to his nipple and nipped at it while pinching the other softly between his thumb and forefinger. John arched his back and moaned a bit. Sherlock smiled against John's skin and continued further down John's body, snaking one hand down and lightly skimming over the hard heated flesh, then even further until he was cupping his balls and lightly playing with them.
'I left in rather a hurry,' Sherlock replied primly. 'There's a slim chance Mycroft has sorted things out, but I wouldn't hold my breath. He's been preoccupied.'
That's what it would be; he could see that. It would not just be Sherlock he punished if he shoved him out of the door. John would suffer as well. Setting aside the obvious benefit of having Sherlock here to help protect Rosie, there was also one simple truth: John had missed him.
'What are you doing?' he asked as John came back into the living room with not only his own bedding but Sherlock's as well. He didn't put it on the sofa, as he had first suggested, but instead began to construct a wide bedroll on the floor.
'Well enough,' she promised. 'She cracked me over the head. The Detective Inspector's taking me to hospital, but it's not that bad.' A distant grumble from Greg suggested he didn't agree, but Molly carried on regardless. 'She was waiting for me at my place. I just had time to see her face. What was the point?'
Turning through pages of Sherlock's scrawl, John came to another print out. A single pair of digits with long decimal place values, stamped stark and bare on a sheet of A4.
There was a soothing familiarity about the military style in which Mycroft's people worked. John had to remind himself that he was an outsider, rather than falling seamlessly into old army habits. If not for Mycroft's presence, he suspected he would have deferred to the unit commander out of instinct. As it was, they all looked to the older Holmes for their cues. It made John wonder just how much of a bureaucrat Mycroft really was, and whether that was all a front for a far more dangerous role.
That was an understatement. Sherlock doubted he would ever be able to delete the precise noise it had made when pulled just so. Torsion and abrupt compressive force. A skilled manoeuvre, though it was hard to appreciate it in this moment.
Sherlock turned abruptly, that full mouth pinched as he saw John standing in the doorway. God knew what he looked like. Furious, probably, his arms folded across his chest and his back ramrod straight, every angle of his body screaming his rejection.
‘Like, like something had stirred things up.’ Greg held out his hand flat, tilting it from side-to-side. ‘Like you couldn’t go back to the way you were, so it was either fall together or fall apart.’
they shared coming to an end. 'Anyway. Enough about that. You're right, we're together. What about you? What's been going on?'
He neither confirmed nor denied her accusation. He didn't dare, because the words that would split his lips would not be calm statements. For the first time in his life, he could taste his anger like blood upon his tongue. Every breath wanted to become a snarl in his throat, and he could barely see for the rage clouding his vision.
'Be careful. Take your gun.'
'I suppose sleep is out of the question for you?' Sherlock asked, somewhat hopeful. He needed John well-rested and alert. He suspected the emotional toll of the coming days would be a significant burden without adding physical exhaustion to the mix.
‘Hmmm, tolerable.’ He smirked as he flopped down at John’s side, feeling awake and alive and obscenely contradictory to John’s slothfulness. ‘Miss me?’
John adored his daughter, but that did not mean his life had not become a cage.
'He's right here with me,' Sherlock promised, glancing over his shoulder and feeling a faint flutter of relief. John was no longer gazing blankly ahead, but focused on him and the half-conversation he could hear. 'Some – discrepancies – have come to light. I just want to make sure everything is as it seems.'
'However angry Doctor Watson is, Sherlock, he would still take news such as this better from you than from myself. That, I can guarantee.' There was another brief clatter of keys. 'One last thing. The likelihood of retaliation by these people for any of your actions is considerable. I will make sure Mrs Hudson is visiting her sister in Brighton, and there will be a car waiting for you outside St Paul's Church in Marylebone at eight a.m.. Do not be late, and ensure nothing incriminating is left behind. You need to leave Baker Street.'
Beyond the window, Big Ben struck eight in the evening. Darkness drew its steady veils across London's streets, and the knot in Sherlock's belly tightened afresh.
John's breath left him in a rush, and he glared at his flatmate as he trotted up the stairs and shrugged out of his Belstaff. 'Why the bloody hell didn't you answer? I thought something had happened.'
Sherlock tilted his head and narrowed his eyes, the closest to imploring John had ever seen him. Not a sham, either. He looked as if he would really rather not answer, even if he understood that silence was no longer an option.
The Adriatic Sea soughed before him, shining green and blue in the afternoon sun. Would John plunge into its depths, if he were here? Would he tease and cajole Sherlock until he joined him, risking an unflattering sunburn to join in John’s revelry?
One page. Just one, single-sided page. Should he take that as a good sign? Did it mean something, that John had not poured his heart and his anger out into a veritable tome for Sherlock to read? Did it mean he cared too much, or not at all?
'Yes. Yes, of course. I'm attempting to decide how best to approach Norbury. She is an intelligent woman, one as aware of my faults as I am of hers. She has no reason to offer us any of the answers that we seek, so we must convince her that it would be worth her while.'
Champagne had never tasted so bitter.
'I need your help.'
'Come on, up you get.' Sherlock's warm hand clasped his own, pulling him upright before looping an arm around his waist. He didn't bully John along, as most people would, but merely presented himself for John to lean on as he saw fit. He permitted him to set the pace, and a fresh flash of gratitude raced through John's frame.
Around him, the lingering hours of daylight drifted away. Hunger gnawed at his belly, but he ignored it with the ease of long-practice, It wasn't until shuffling footsteps announced John's presence that he tore his gritty eyes from the screen, lifting his head to take in the man he considered his best friend.
'And if he can't?' The question hovered between them like smoke, twisting its noxious curls through the air. 'Sherlock would never have gone with her willingly. She and her accomplice incapacitated him somehow. Mary's got resources, and she knows Sherlock's a threat. Relying on Sherlock to get himself out of this is stupidly optimistic.'
'Maybe on the couch,' he mumbled, looking around the room. He would be thinking strategically, Sherlock surmised, preferring to be central within the flat rather than out on its edge.  'I suppose even a bit of shut-eye is better than nothing.' He nodded, a decision made, and Sherlock raised an eyebrow as John busied himself.
'Molly, be careful.' Sherlock's words carried a low thrum of sincerity. 'We got Mrs Hudson out of Baker Street because we thought the flat might be targeted, but Mycroft said you refused his assistance.'
Perfect.
'Are you all right?'
'Perhaps. However, we can make it less appealing as an option, should we beat them to it.' Mycroft's smile lacked any trace of mirth, and John squared his shoulders.
'What are you thinking?' John's quiet voice cut through the air, little more than a whisper but shocking all the same. Sherlock had thought him busy putting Rosie to bed. Perhaps more time had passed than he had realised, because now John sagged against the doorframe.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, leaning towards John and dropping his voice to a murmur. John tried not to shiver as Sherlock's breath whispered over the shell of his ear. 'The bout at one o'clock, the fighter on the left is struggling to hold their line because the style of the one on the right is –' He paused as if hunting for a suitable word. 'Bordering on barbaric. Strong, certainly, but far more fierce than the sport requires. The force of some of their blows is excessive. I've seen their partner jump swiftly out of the way more than once.'
‘Then she will be out of your life by the end of the week, and through no action of mine.’ He softened the clipped edges of his voice. Sherlock coming to him voluntarily was rare. Coming to him for sympathy even more so. Mycroft generally eschewed sentimentality, but there were a few people in his life for whom he would make the exception.
He couldn’t stay, but he didn’t have the strength to leave, either. He padded about, picking up dirty cups only to put them down again, leaving them like some kind of twisted requiem to the man who had lived here.
A hiss of pain rasped over John's hearing, a cry for help and a warning all at once. Instinct took over, and John pulled the mostly-full bottle of coke from his coat pocket as he shouted something unintelligible: a raw, coarse noise designed to grab Townsend's attention.
Sherlock pursed his lips, considering his options. In the grand scheme of things, international secrets held no interest for him. They were, frankly, banal and trite.
'I hate this,' John groaned into the pillow, one hand flapping weakly at his side before he managed to roll onto his back. His dressing gown tangled around him like some lecherous vine, and Sherlock stepped forward to tug it free from John's body, revealing the well-worn white t-shirt beneath. That cotton-clad chest heaved with each breath, and another cough surged up John's throat, stifled with a cupped hand. 'Ugh.'
‘My first guess would have been poisoning, but there’s no signs of vomit in her throat or anywhere else. We’re sure the body wasn’t dumped?’
For Sherlock, that was not the case. Everybody lied. People crafted intricate personas and used them to move through the world, elevating their status or getting away, sometimes quite literally, with murder. No, for his part, Mary's biggest crime was the unfinished business she had left behind: business that had now put John and Rosie in unspecified danger.
If ever he needed more proof of Sherlock’s empathy, John had it. Mycroft was not the only sentimental Holmes, no matter how hard they both tried to deny it.
John nodded, rubbing a hand over his stubbled jaw before dropping it back to his side. 'Do you have a plan?'
'Yes, well, you know my thoughts on that,' Sarah grumbled, pulling a weak laugh from him. 'You've heard me rant about it in the breakroom enough times.'
It was as if the discordant notes of his existence found their tune, balancing one another in a perfect harmony he had not considered possible. John's heat called to him, and the first, tentative brush of his tongue against Sherlock's own made him gasp. Oft-ignored desire tore through him, leaving him trembling in its wake.
She was kneeling beside him on the pavement, indifferent to the state of her hosiery. A hand braced his shoulder and she was pressing something to his temple, soaking up the blood. She looked how he felt: sick and scattered.
It took an unusual amount of effort to look beyond the obvious, but then, that was the point, wasn’t it? Or at least part of it. This was hardly the first time a perpetrator had sought to overwhelm him with irrelevancies. Except of course, nothing was irrelevant. Not even the dice.
He had no idea what kind of strings Mycroft was pulling, but the older Holmes seemed to be in his element, blurring details and offering excuses to ensure that the truth of what had happened never found its way into the light. Perhaps if John were in a better frame of mind, he would pay more attention. As it was, he let Sherlock's baritone voice wash over him as he stared unseeingly at the scene, too lost in his own thoughts to engage with reality.
'I promise.'
How one man could be so aggravating and intoxicating John would never know.
Not an audience.
In a whirl of dark wool, Sherlock was gone. John didn’t stop him or rush to keep up. Sherlock would either wait for him or not.
He squinted, tempted to say something acerbic. As it was, she was shoving her hand in his face, almost poking his eyes out with her neat, short-trimmed nails. Fingers shaking. Fear not in his imagination, then. Unusual. Donovan was not one to show anything she might consider a weakness. A distasteful side-effect of being a woman of colour on the police force. She had to be twice as hard to get half the respect.
Norbury, or she used her as a means to branch out to other interested parties.'
'God, Sherlock. Now.' John shifted in emphasis, wondering how he could feel so full and empty all at once, hard and throbbing and desperate. 'Now.'
Heat fluttered beneath John's ribs, and he cleared his throat, ducking his head in thanks. 'He meant what he said about Rosie, though, yeah?'
The temptation to fret and pace shimmered along his nerves. The violin would soothe him, but he did not wish to disturb John's peace. No, better that he get on with the jobs John had tasked to him. He could do little to ameliorate John's symptoms, but he could shoulder the burdens of responsibility and allow him to rest.
He still answered it, though.
They had each other. The world and the Work could wait.
He owed it to
John tilted his head, his hands falling to his sides. His right clenched then stretched, his fingers fluttering as if he were trying to shake tension from his knuckles. How many times had Sherlock seen that small gesture over the years, speaking not of anger, but uncertainty.
Something flickered across Greg’s vision: his own Trait, weak as it was, showing him a glimpse. Not of the future, exactly, but a possibility.
Sometimes it was the war that daubed his dreams, all sandy tones and startling green, towering mountains and loud gunshots. Sometimes it was Sherlock's body, broken and bloody at the bottom of Bart's. Sometimes it was Mary's sad smile as she'd ended their engagement, her single accusation –
John groaned, letting go of Sherlock's wrists the better to touch him. Immediately, those strong hands dropped, skimming down John's side before clasping his hips, greedy and fearsome. Sherlock bucked and John sucked in a breath, seeing stars as his balls tightened and sweat glossed his spine.
A crash echoed through the room. The door shuddered beneath the force of the blow, banging as it bounced off the wall behind it. Two sets of heavy footsteps darted over the threshold, and Sherlock resisted the urge to peer around the edge of his makeshift cover. He itched to get a glimpse of them – to deduce their secrets and weaknesses with the skim of his gaze – but to do so would be to stick his head over the parapet. Their assailants would not want to kill them, not when the man they were shooting could be the key to them getting what they wanted, but accidents happened. It was a risk he could not take.
Now, it was Mary she needed to slough away like a snake's skin. It wasn't safe here, not any more. Part of the problem with selling secrets is that you needed a buyer. There was never any shortage, of course, but they could get demanding when their supply dried up.
‘Shagged then,’ Greg said with a nod. ‘I thought something had changed. Not long after that woman – Adler was it? – buggered off for good. Everything felt different.’ He shrugged. ‘Less jagged.’
The intercom on his desk buzzed, startling him from his thoughts. He flicked the switch, grimacing as the receptionist informed him that his next appointment had arrived.
'I can't be sure.' Sherlock folded his long frame under him, sitting cross-legged at John's side: all angles like a deckchair. 'Perhaps yesterday, I would have reassured you that it was your imagination. That this couldn't possibly be Mary, but...'
Sherlock's words cut through the air like a physical blow, and Townsend rocked back, his face eerily blank before the thunderous rage returned. Words were gone, wiped away as a strange, animal sound erupted from his mouth, half-snarl, half howl. Thin lips twisted over bared teeth and pale eyes narrowed. The sweat on his brow glittered under the lights as he tensed, muscles coiling to launch his body forward in a sudden explosion of power.
Sherlock blinked. He had been about to withdraw, to give John his space and his peace. Instead, he eased himself awkwardly from his crouch and sat on the carpet. John’s hand lay cradled in his own, resting atop the mattress. There was no squeeze of brief thanks, no glimmer of that blue gaze, no acknowledgement...
A thin cry of pain finished her sentence, and John closed his eyes, twitching his head to the side. 'You took Molly?' he demanded, speaking through clenched teeth and watching Sherlock sit upright, already reaching for his own phone. 'Mary, how could you? She was your friend!'
'Perhaps the "British Government" should reconsider.'
If it came to that, John knew what his choice would be. If he could have Sherlock as a friend or not at all, then he would settle for less, just as he had been doing for months, now. Still, the thought of knowing how Sherlock tasted – of only having one sweet kiss to sustain him – cleaved his heart in two.
He did not turn to look as Mary hit the floor. Instead, he watched John, noting the pallor of his cheeks and the blankness in his gaze. A nasty gash at his temple stood out like ink on paper, but it was his expression that made Sherlock's stomach twist with concern: resolve a thin mask for the pain beneath.
'But Rosie...'
He sighed, knowing he was right. This was right. He could feel it all the way down to his bones, like coming home after years away.  Sherlock knew it too; of that he was certain. It would not always be plain sailing, every relationship took work to make it last the years, but John was more than willing to put in the effort.
Sherlock clenched his teeth, pulling back into the lee of the nearest building with a dramatic groan. His brother turned to check on him, which was precisely what he wanted, and he caught Mycroft's tense gaze with his own piercing glare.
‘I won’t miss,’ he warned, his voice scraping up his throat like bloody barbed wire. ‘I can’t. You know that.’
John, in the weeks and months before Mary had died: sleepless nights attributed to more than just a new baby. A gleam in his eye. Increased frequency of glancing at his phone and extra care over his appearance. Conclusion? The promise of an affair. One that had not gone beyond communication, beyond potential, but a return to his risk-seeking behaviour all the same. A foregone conclusion, in Sherlock's opinion. He doubted John would have gone through with betraying his vows. It was not a new lover he sought. It was the thrill of danger.
Aggressive affection. Was that a thing? If so, John was a master. Take now, for example. Sherlock had never seen someone make toast with such ferocity. John banged the plate and slammed drawers, taking his frustration out on the furniture. Yet beneath the scowl that locked his face in its rigor, his skin carried a grey tinge, as if all the vibrancy Sherlock had once known had leeched away.
'You all right?'
Sherlock cast a weather-eye over everything and shook his head. ‘No, but it’s a good thing I stocked up on batteries. Most of these are electronic and noisy.’
'How come I'm ill and you're not?' he grumbled from his armchair. 'Not that it's a bad thing, it's just...' He folded his arms, and Sherlock refused to acknowledge the charm in his pouting. 'It's not fair.'
'I think we have both spent too long pretending that we do not know the full extent of Mary's capabilities. It was easier and more acceptable to believe what we wanted to see. To give her the benefit of the doubt at this juncture could have dire consequences.' Sherlock rubbed his hands together, feeling the cling of nervous sweat against his skin. 'She is ideally placed to emotionally manipulate the pair of us. Our one advantage is that her resurrection will not be a surprise.'
'Sir. There's a body.' The commander lowered a scope from her eye, and John glanced at it. Infrared, judging from the label. 'Temperature is above ambient but below standard. Whoever it is has been dead an hour or more.'
'Yes,' John said before Sherlock could ruin the moment. 'Yeah, that suits us great. Thanks, Greg.’
‘Tell me, John. What has my brother done to deserve such a calumny?’
When John wrinkled his nose, Sherlock smiled. 'More commonly known as a book cipher, where the numbers correspond to pages, paragraphs, words and sometimes even letters on the decoding document. Or in this case, monument. Normally, people will use a readily available tome, such as the Bible or dictionary as their key, but Mary instead chose a one-of-a-kind structure. Its nature meant it was unlikely to be removed, but its uniqueness would make the code impossible to crack without the information it offers.'
Sherlock turned back to the code, and John held in a sigh. Not long ago, he'd thought himself immune to concern for Sherlock's well-being. He'd been harsh and jagged, brutal in his grief, but it seemed that all his disdain had faded away. Now he watched Sherlock break himself apart, stretched thin on the rack of this bizarre case, and felt only an aching gratitude that he had such a friend to call his own.
'And Felisians are sort of cat-human people.' Greg sounded like he was working up to something. 'They'd see a normal doctor, like you, so you'd know about their...?' Greg waved his hand up and down his torso, a faint flush darkening his cheeks. John doubted he was looking for an overview in the differences between Felisians and everyone else. No, this was something more specific, if Greg's embarrassment was anything to go by.
Sherlock did not notice the changing quality of the light, the way mid-morning melted into early afternoon. Like John, the notion of food held little appeal. Not because of some illness, but because a bramble of worry had taken up all the space in his belly, hollowing it out only to fill it with thorns.
A quiet sound from John broke his reverie: not a cry of alarm, for once, but a soft, contented snore that brought a smile to Sherlock's lips. It was enough to subdue the tormented whirl of his thoughts and take the sharpest edge off his uncertainties. What mattered most, at this moment, was that John was getting better. He was healing, despite the best efforts of the virus to bring him low. Everything else – his questions and declarations – could wait.
The doors to the ambulance slammed closed: two more gunshots in the night. The flash of a needle, the swirl of the antidote, and Mary emerged back into the living world with a slow blink. Instinct would have her upright and reaching for her weapon, but she had trained too long and too hard to succumb. Better to take a moment and bide her time: assess her surrounding and analyse her options.
The tight noise in John's throat, half-groan, half-sob, sparked along Sherlock's nerves, as scintillating and perfect as man before him.
‘Why wouldn’t she be wearing it?’
If anything, she seemed to have made an effort at escape for herself, perhaps hoping that Harmattan would give up if they thought she was dead. Except surely she knew better than that? How could she work with such a group without realising that there would be consequences? The information she had stolen and offered to sell did not die with her, and John and Rosie became the next viable targets for the people who wanted to uncover its location.
‘Cold cases are cold for a reason.’
'I wondered how long it would take.'
'For what purpose?'
A brush of fingers to John's forehead confirmed the worst of the unnatural heat had ebbed, scattering the gritty residue of dried sweat in its wake. Sherlock nodded to himself, content, and backed away. How long had he spent cradling John through the worst of it, easing him from the deepest clutches of his torment? He couldn't be sure. All he knew was that his back twinged from being in the same position for hours, and his eyes ached with his own need for rest.
He thought they had retreated from the lip of the precipice, but it yawned before him once more. All his good intentions to wait until they were free of confinement kept slipping through his fingers, washed away by some deep, visceral need to speak the truth.
'No, the resolution is too poor, and street view doesn't go into such enclosed spaces. We would need eyes on the ground.' Sherlock dropped his phone on the mattress beside him and leaned back against the headboard. 'I shall have Mycroft send someone to explore the area: perhaps they'll be able to find whatever it was Mary decided was so important.'
A shudder ran through John’s body, and he snatched in a choked breath. It felt sparse and insignificant. Cold on his lips and dead in his lungs. God he just, he felt so useless! He’d only just got Sherlock back, for fuck’s sake. Now the aggravating git was lying at death’s door.
'Then we gain some valuable insight in to our opponents’ methods.' Mycroft folded up the plans, giving a nod to the commander. 'However, it would be remiss to assume that they will not consider alternative routes of entry. They may choose to prefer speed over stealth, and I have no doubt that Ms Morstan will have taken both potential strategies into account.'
She ran her tongue over her teeth, glaring daggers at him. She would lie out of spite; of that he was almost convinced, but instead he saw the cracks in her composure widen, her heart finally settling on something approaching the truth.
'The perfect way to catch the unwary.'
‘Oh!’ he breathed, looking almost giddy. ‘Oh, Sherlock! You had me worried.’ He cocked his head. ‘Thought I might be disappointed. It’s not often I’m wrong.’ He put his hands in his pockets and rocked back on his heels, practically flirting. Except his face had gone slightly grey, and those unearthly eyes kept darting to the side: checking escape routes.
This was something about Mary.
Of course, there was a price. For Vivian, her freedom. For Mary, her family. She had to go. Every connection associated with her old life had to be severed.
'She shot you, Sherlock.' John's quiet statement fell between them like a winning hand at a poker table. Definitive. 'I should have seen it then. Some hint of what she really was. I should have realised "assassin" was just the start.' A trembling breath whispered between John's lips as he leant forward, dragging the throw tighter around his shoulders before reaching out and stroking Rosie's wispy curls. 'It should have been the end of it for us: unforgivable. Instead...'
He moved Rosie over to his hip before tentatively touching John's arm, giving him the chance to recoil before enfolding him in a one-armed embrace. John's body was like a steel bar, rigid and unyielding even as he buried his face in Sherlock's shoulder, concealing his distress.
Besides, having Mycroft and his minions act as a middle-man between Sherlock and John was a sensible course of action. Not only did it weaken the perceived connection between them to anyone who may be observing them, but it kept Sherlock out of John's way.
John smiled, his breath leaving him in a shuddering rush as he swayed closer, pressing up even as Sherlock bent his head, claiming John's tempting lips in a cautious, curious kiss.
Shocking, silent tears trailed down John's lined cheeks, so hot they burned and tasted like the sea. He did not sob or splutter as he clung to Sherlock's slender frame. Tremors ran through him from head to toe, racing up and down his spine as his teeth chattered. Every breath sounded gunshot sharp, and he pressed his lips together, eager to stifle the noise.
'White transit van,' he whispered to Mycroft, jerking his head at the vehicle parked nearby. 'Think it's Mary's?'
John blinked, a spoonful of food hovering in front of Rosie's mouth as he half-listened to Sherlock's conversation. He hadn't thought about the ins and outs of seeing Norbury. He'd assumed that he and Sherlock would march in as they had done in the past. Rosie's presence hadn't even crossed his mind, and a hot welt of shame seared across his heart at his own thoughtlessness.
He reached into his wardrobe for a shirt, the turn of his body revealing far more recent scars: still visible, still furious. His back torn to ribbons in Serbia. The bullet hole like a supernova at the border of his chest and abdomen: one of Mary’s parting gifts. The life of a Consulting Detective was not as easy as many believed. In fact, at times, it was practically deadly.
He could go home. To London. To Baker Street.
'Aww,' Greg crooned, laughing as John sent a pathetic kick towards his shin. His chortles eased away, the lines of mirth in his face losing some of their depth as he nodded. 'Glad to hear it, though. Sherlock's hard enough to deal with at the best of times. I don't fancy having to help you pick up the pieces.'
John's heart clenched beneath his ribs, panic fluttering shadows like moth wings at the corner of his vision. It was not himself he was concerned for, but Rosie. Whatever her mother's crimes, she was innocent, and there was no more an effective bargaining chip for John's cooperation than his daughter's continued happiness and survival.
'Not yet, but I've not seen everyone fight. There might be more.'
John jerked in surprise, staring at Sherlock. He hadn't even heard him approach, but now he ushered John backwards until his spine pressed to the wall. Slowly, he slid down it until his backside hit the carpet. His fingers plucked at the lush pile, anchoring him there, and he let his head fall back with a thunk as he took one deep breath after another.
The ring of Sherlock’s phone interrupted the moment, and John gulped the rest of his tea, knowing that time was running out. Judging by the look on Sherlock’s face, a case had just landed in their lap. A good one, too, if the sparkle in those eyes was any indication.
'Which means we are once again facing her alone.' Mycroft did not sound as if the idea of approaching Mary with superior numbers offered him much comfort. John shared the sentiment. 'Are you ready to proceed?'
'Have you had any luck?' John glanced at him from the corner of his eye, his face tense as he sipped from his mug of tea. 'Found anything else?'
She probably needed feeding and changing, not to mention affection and care. He refused to resent her for it, though the urge lingered there. Part of him whispered that he had enough to deal with – that a baby as well was asking too much – but he would not succumb to it. She was his responsibility. He had failed Mary in so many respects, but he would not fail their daughter in this, the most basic of parental duties.
John bit his lip, choking back his cry as hot, wet heat engulfed the tip of him. The swirl of Sherlock's tongue set nerve endings singing. John panted, his thighs trembling and his belly fluttering as Sherlock bobbed down and back up again, laving him with merciless intensity until he was almost sobbing where he lay.
He trailed off, shaking his head. 'Norbury is happy in jail because she is safe from them. Perhaps that's the real reason she shot Mary; to both break the chain that tied her to the buyers and ensure she would be safely incarcerated should they choose to come after her.'
He pinched the bridge of his nose. 'Don't worry about it. It's probably just my imagination. Like I said, I thought maybe it was Sherlock or someone in his network. You know what he's like for keeping tabs on people. He's not so different from Mycroft in that respect.'
Out in the living room, Rosie’s Christmas presents were stacked beneath the tree, ready and waiting, but John’s gift was right here, as wonderful as it had been that first day they met.
Frost rimed the windows of Baker Street, painting ferns across the glass. The old heating went like the clappers, clanking and groaning in an effort to warm the flat. Most of the time, John loved living here, despite heads in the fridge and bullet holes in the wall. Only on days like these did he think longingly of modern conveniences, like insulation and double-glazing.
Mike’s kindness and Molly’s timidity worked in his favour. Perhaps, with different personalities, they would have put up more of a fight. Instead, they welcomed him as if they weren’t quite sure they had any choice in the matter: a weakness of character they both shared that Sherlock could use to his advantage.
'I'm ready to get Sherlock out of here,' John replied, giving a firm nod as Mycroft beckoned him forward, leading the way through the narrow wasteland between a number of outbuildings.
That was easier said than done. John had expected fewer people to turn up, considering what had happened to the captain less than twenty-four hours ago, yet by the time they got there, the place was packed. The second practice room – the crime scene – was still taped off and inaccessible. The entire team were making use of the main piste, dividing it into shorter lengths as they paired off and worked through various drills.
For the most part, John ignored her, and she ignored John. She had chosen Sherlock’s bed and, it seemed, Sherlock as well. At least she had good taste. Sherlock did not seem to begrudge her company. In fact, though John never saw it, he was pretty sure Sherlock was spoiling her rotten.
'It has been surrendered to the intelligence services with explicit instructions to investigate it for potential threats to the realm prior to its destruction. I will require any copy or parts thereof still in your possession, Sherlock. This is not a matter for discussion.'
'St Mary The Virgin Church in Hayes,' John murmured. 'It's not where we were married or anything like that. Her ashes aren't there.'
If that idea had occurred to Mary, she had clearly not given it any credence. Blinded by her own ambition, she had locked herself into a course of action that, in Sherlock's view, would end in disaster. His task was to get himself, John and Rosie untangled from Mary's plot.
More to the point, her advice was sound. She knew John well enough to know how he would respond to any and all offers of assistance. Especially from Sherlock, who had been instrumental in Mary's end. Her urgings not to give up hope, not to stand idly by, but to ensnare John in their next adventure were, on the surface, exactly what Sherlock wanted to hear.
‘Oh, so you believe him, then?’ John raised his eyebrows, delighted that he had beaten Mycroft at his own game. ‘Calumny means “false accusation”, so you think I’m wrong. You think he didn’t just pull that deduction out his… hat.’
Not that John would change it – any of it – but sometimes it was good to talk to someone who didn't question his sanity. Any of his other friends would ask why he put up with a mad flatmate, never mind the rest of it. Greg got it, at least to some extent.
'Thanks, Mycroft.'
Sherlock reached the kitchen, pulling the laptop towards him and setting to work. 'Also, she can offer us the final confirmation of Mary's actions and remove any lingering doubt.'
They could never be the Sherlock-and-John they once were.
'Pay attention to the background: see if you can figure out when and where the pictures were taken. If any do not fit the standard pattern of home/work/Rosie's day-care, then set them to one side. I might have missed something.'
'Is it?' Norbury raised an eyebrow, her gaze dancing to John before she inclined her head. 'As you say. Continue with your theory.'
'At the time, I wondered if it was the impetus for your performance, the signal you needed to put your plan into action. It was, but not for the reasons I imagined. You were not threatened by the surveillance; you were emboldened by it. Some of Harmattan were ready to splinter off, and you intended to join them.'
Sherlock grunted, his eyelids heavy and his vision sliding sideways as he did as he was told. Beside him, he heard the chair creak as John settled into it, resigning himself for a long wait without a hint of complaint.
He watched her, noting the subtle flicker of her gaze back and forth. She held herself steady, stifling the tiny movements that would implicate her next words as lies, but the hints were still there if a person knew where to look. Whatever came out of her lips may not be a complete fiction, but it would have plenty of falsehood within its foundations.
'Of course.' He hissed a breath of relief as John eased him down to the floor behind a bank of filing cabinets. The low clang of the metal suggested they were still full of mouldering paperwork, which would offer more padding should they come under open fire.
Sweat prickled along John’s hairline, but he didn’t tear his gaze from Moriarty to check on Sherlock. Power, thick like an oil-slick, tightened around him, squeezing the air from his lungs. He squeaked, and the gun shuddered in his hand as spots began to dance across his vision.
Sherlock jerked his head to the side, dismissing his train of thought. Analysing Mary's reasons would not get them anywhere. Her motives were as convoluted as her past, and impossible to prove either way.
'Does that really make it better?' Sherlock asked, doubt thick in his words.
Yet that knowledge did nothing to ease the insidious "what-ifs" that circled Sherlock's head, leaving him tight-lipped and breathless as he rummaged for Dettol and cleaning equipment. There was little he could do; he knew that. Everyone lay helpless in the face of Covid-19. He believed in no god; no higher power held the world in its control. No vagaries of fate charted their paths. It was chaos. Random. A series of factors combining to decide who would suffer and who would survive.
It felt better, being in London. For all that he and Sherlock had arrived home to an unwelcome visitor, there was still a huge measure of relief to be found in such familiar territory. John knew these walls and the streets beyond them. He knew the man sitting opposite him – had faith in him in ways he'd never trusted anyone else.
'I'm sorry,' he whispered, his own hand trembling as he stroked John's back. 'I'm sorry that it ever came to this.'
The buzz of Sherlock's mobile tickled his ear, and John glanced over, watching Sherlock wrinkle his nose as if considering the likelihood that it was his brother calling to interfere. Eventually, he sighed, arching his hips as he said, 'Pocket. You'll need to answer it.'
Losing John was not an option, and he would do everything in his power to prevent it.
A split-second of disbelief was a moment wasted, and John lunged forward, his legs aching and his arms pumping as he dashed for the door. Imagined pain raced up and down his spine, his body keening with the possibility of death hot on his heels. His bootsteps rang loud, gunshots in the eerie silence, and the sunlight slapped him in the face as he burst free.
Sherlock froze, locked in a half-stoop as he stared at nothing, his lips parted in disbelief. 'Stupid. Stupid!' he hissed at last. 'Her sword.'
'Stop.' Sherlock's fingers around his wrist pulled him up short, and John's mouth twisted in a grimace he could not hide. His shoulders slumped, and he pinned a smile in place, knowing that it contradicted the hurt pinching his eyes. He braced himself for a let-down, torn between the desire to argue – to convince Sherlock that they had something worth fighting for – and protecting the friendship that meant more to him than he could say.
'No.' Sherlock twisted where he sat, reaching up to grip John's shoulders so that they were looking into one another's eyes. 'If you had chosen that route, it would have been our undoing. Mary was a clever woman. As it is, we were fortunate she had not rigged some sort of retribution for her death: a kill-switch or some such. I suspect she did not do so because she failed to realise you would be so decisive.'
'That's never stopped you before.'
'No, but she does have Sherlock. To an outsider, her taking him is a strong indication that he has what she wants. It's unlikely that the splinter group realise that Sherlock is in Mary's custody more as leverage than anything else. She does not seem like the type to share information freely.'
John closed his eyes in disbelief. ‘You want me to pretend we’re married?’ He opened the box and sighed at the tasteful wedding band: a pale, subtle gold. Not brash or brassy. ‘You honestly think they’ll believe us?’
With a sigh of surrender, he picked up his phone, dialling the surgery's number with fingers that felt like sausages. He bypassed the appointment line and pecked in the three-digit number that would put him straight through to Sarah.
‘An hour ago, you thought that of Fae in general.’
It did not escape Sherlock's notice that he had positioned himself as a sentry between him and the door, taking the more vulnerable side of their so-called bed. Was it habit, he wondered, or a conscious decision on John's part – a futile attempt to keep Sherlock safe?
Mycroft contemplated the chess set in front of him. There was not, currently, a game in progress, at least not one within the confines of the black and white checkerboard. He played, of course, and he did so very well. There were few who could beat him, and those that could? Well, they were all members of his family.
Sherlock still occupied the kitchen, his gaze no longer vivid-mirror glass, but clear and shadowed with concern. His fingers danced over the keys of his laptop, pulling who knew what from the ether. John watched the elegant waltz, his eyes drawn to the vulnerable turn of Sherlock's wrists. He hadn't been eating enough; his angular body gave that away. Sherlock's default state was one of semi-benign neglect, and John swallowed a hard knot as he realised that Sherlock, too, had been grieving.
John lowered the mobile from his ear, a sigh shivering between his lips as he dropped it in his lap. His palms rasped over his face as he scrubbed at his eyes, trying to collect his spinning thoughts. Molly. They had to find Molly and get her out of Mary's reach, but they couldn't give her the file. Not the real one, anyway.
He lowered the Sig, looking over his shoulder at the rectangle of light that marked the door. Sherlock had promised he'd be somewhere nearby. Should he go and find him? He had been prepared for all manner of things, but somehow this – finding nothing – hadn't even crossed his mind. What the hell was Mary playing at?
John gasped, his ribs aching around his straining lungs as he absorbed the news. 'God,' he whispered, cuffing a hand through his hair and surging to his feet. Restless energy bled through his frame, and he paced back and forth across the room, trying to find some order in the chaos of his thoughts.
John and Commander Wells moved in almost perfect unison, breaking cover to squeeze off a single shot each; neither was a warning. Sherlock leaned out around the filing cabinet, surveying the scene in a split second. One twitched on the floor, clutching at their throat: a vulnerable spot perfectly targeted. They would be dead within minutes, their rattling breaths fading to nothing.
Sherlock's blissful cry curled in his ear as he tightened, his body rigid as he came in shuddering, panting spurts. His mind blanked to white and his body was lost to the surging electricity the flooded every nerve and left them singing. He could feel Sherlock twitching, coming even as John painted his own skin with his release, clumsily teasing himself through the ebbing shivers of his climax.
In that, Mary had been more honest than John. A bullet to the chest, even one regretted, was fairly conclusive when it came to ripping aside the veil of lies. She had shown him some of what she was: admitted it through actions if not words.
‘I know.’ Sherlock tilted his head, and for the first time than evening a hint of a playful smile curved that luscious mouth. ‘But I’d rather stay with you. Besides, the sooner we get you seen to, the sooner we can get you home.’
Mycroft hid a smile behind the curve of his finger. ‘I expect he will find out for himself soon enough, and while John is fairly open-minded, I suspect their philosophical differences might be insurmountable.’
John wrinkled his nose. He hadn’t thought they’d been that obvious. Greg and the others at the Yard had been peripheral to that whole mess, though of course Irene’s on-and-off-again presence had spanned months.
'Some might say the power of your weapon is excessive,' he retorted, trying to breathe through his mouth so he did not have to smell acrid gunpowder and the overwhelming iron tang of blood, which was splattered like a Pollock painting across the tarmac. The young man, whoever he had been, was faceless now. Not much remained of his head, and Sherlock could only hope that there was no one left alive to miss him.
He brought up the rear more by necessity than choice, cursing the hole in his thigh and Mary with every uneven stride. More than once his knee threatened to give out under him, but he kept his misery barred behind clenched teeth, determined not to distract either John or the commander from their goal. He might not be able to lead the charge, but he could at least make use of his slower pace to observe their surroundings, noting which doors hung on their hinges, kicked open during the splinter group's search, and which remained resolutely closed.
