He took Cas's hand to his mouth and softly kissed the middle of his knuckles, closing his eyes and breathing heavily. Cas sniffled and tears were quietly falling before Dean thumbed them away.
"I can tell you're thinking about Inias, so I am going to fuck that out of your memory. Is that alright?"
Dean smacked his bare ass on his way inside the bathroom before Dean got up as well. As Castiel was brushing his teeth a thought crossed his mind.
"Yeah. His name is Adam. His moms real sweet. I don't know why she puts up with my dad, but she's good. Too good for him."
"Fuck, Cas." He moaned. Cas dove back in with his tongue, sliding it in between both of his fingers causing Dean to tremble with need. Cas pulled his fingers out after a moment and suck his tongue deep inside of the tight ring of muscles and sucked hard before Dean was whimpering incoherently.
Later that night, Dean rode Cas on the sofa while they were trying to watch some documentary about bees. Dean fell asleep in his lap short thereafter and Cas somehow managed to carry him to bed. He looked around the bedroom and his peacefully sleeping boyfriend and prayed to a higher power that he could keep this warm feeling in his heart forever.
Five days of radio silence. No calls, no texts, no drop-ins. Five days of Castiel gone from his life and it both made him sad and angry. God how could he be so stupid as to think he was special? To think that he was the only one. Castiel once described himself as an ethical hedonist so this should come as no surprise. Still he didn't think it would hurt so much. Didn't think it should matter. They went on one date. They weren't boyfriends, they weren't exclusive and Dean was clearly and idiot to think so.
"But just because you've moved on, doesn't mean you need to try to get back and search for something that no longer exists."
And he's all alone again with nothing but a six pack and pain meds. It's the middle of the night. By now, everyone was gone. He assumed Eileen would spend the night, he just hoped he wouldn't run into her during the morning. He looked at his cellphone and it read 2:46 AM. He stretched out of bed and walked out of his room down into the hall. The kitchen was dark and he didn't bother to turn on a light so he just headed for the fridge.
"S'okay. Worth it." He grinned. The two of them shared bites of their breakfast and grinned all the way through the meal. Once the plate was emptied, Cas pillowed his head on Deans shoulder and sighed contented. The two of them relaxed a little bit in the morning before there was knocking on the door.
"Well," she said looking him up and down. "That's almost a good enough reason for ghosting me. I've gotta say though I'm surprised Clarence. Last I knew you were not the dating type."
Castiel didn't feel angry, he just felt sad. Why would Dean lie about this? Why would he hide this? Does he not know he can trust Castiel with anything? He sighed clenching the bottle tight in his hand before walking out to the living room. He hadn't even realized but he was a little shaky and his stomach was in all kinds of knots. Does this mean Dean still sees things? Suddenly it all added up.
"No. I'm not doing this. I had a shit day and I'm not going to have a shit night too. Hell I'm gonna have a great night and I'm not going to let him ruin it. Okay?" Dean snapped.
"You wouldn't," Cas laughed and looked back at the road. "Also where is all this language coming from lately?"
"I think you should wear it more often," Dean said with a hit on mischief in his eyes. "Although with those boots, you will be the death of me."
Dean was surprised he hadn't flipped out yet. Cas was his best friend. Over a decade long, and now he was in his bed giving him good morning kisses. The last time he kissed a man, he'd gotten beaten for it. A part of him was still afraid of that, but it was like Castiels touches searched out that pain and tried to heal it. He let Cas lean in and kiss him again, much more heated the second time around. It was still a lazy morning kiss, their lips slow and languid against each other's like a riptide in the summer, crashing along the shore. His kisses somehow made the silence around them explode and a world of colors appeared behind his closed eyes. Every thought in his brain stripped and replaced with Castiel. Cas. His Cas. Cas's lips pressing into his, his hands pulling Dean closer, running up and down his back, carding into his hair. The taste of Castiels mouth and the velvet heat of his breath ghosting along his face. When he finally convinced himself to pull away from the embrace of the angels lips and tongue, he had something to say, but his brain failed to string any thoughts back together. So Dean simply pulled him back and hoped that his kiss would show Castiel those three words. With the way Cas kissed him back, it only felt like understanding and reciprocation.
It wasn't the necessity of the work, but the energy it consumed that Dean enjoyed. He worked outside for hours before Cas came out with a sandwich made for him. Dean smiled and kissed his cheek in thanks for lunch. Dean reached into the cooler and withdrew two bottles, handing one to Castiel without looking at him, before then opening his own. He returned to his work on Baby, setting his already half empty bottle on the edge of the front bumper where it leaned precariously. Castiel stood, unopened beer sweating in his hand as he watched. Once Dean felt satisfied with his work, he turned back to Cas and dug into his sandwich. By the time he finished and was cleaning off the grease from his hands, Castiel fisted Deans flannel in his hands pulling him close. Dean came back to lean down to give Cas a gentle kiss. But Cas didn't want gentle. His hand reached up to fist in Dean's sweat damp hair as he licked into his mouth, deepening the kiss. Dean sighed into Cas's mouth, allowing himself this moment, before he had to pull away, chuckling as Castiel tried to hold his bottom lip hostage with his teeth.
Castiels heart sped up a little bit. Gabriel had pushed and prodded to get Cas to wear the skirt. He loved them in truth, but he was always a little self conscious about them two. And right now he isn't sure what to make of Deans statement.
"Can you roll over? I want to see you while we do this." Dean smiled as he flipped over. Once he was on his back his hands instantly flew to Castiel, pulling him down for a toothy kiss. Cas fumbled to reach the lube he set on the bed while still kissing Dean.
Dean winked and shot him a cheeky "Yes sir!" Before stripping out of his boxers and t-shirt. Cas followed right after stripping down bare with Dean. The two worked together in squeezing the paint out, color by color in strips like an actual pride flag. Once it was properly coated, Dean grabbed Cas's ass leaving blue finger prints of paint there and laughing. Cas got him right back by smearing his hand in the red and grabbing his ass and then his bicep. They laughed until the melted towards one another. They kissed slow for a moment until the realization of what they were doing became more evident. Their kissed became fast and messy. Wet and mostly a clash of teeth and tongue as they breathed each other in.
"Okay... but Sam, this will come with consequences. Making a new Death? Look how that panned out last time."
Sam went back into the main halls of the bunker when Eileen had informed him that she was back. Dean wanted to go into the empty without him regardless. Death started chanting the incantation in some older sounding version of Enochian and suddenly darkness opened up. The same black liquid that had taken Cas, spread along the wall and opened up into an empty seeming abyss. Death looked at Dean and they both nodded at each other before they were sucked into the dark emptiness.
"And I know the whole... me liking guys thing might seem new, but it's not. And with Cas... I don't know I just feel like there's so much more he can offer than anyone else. I know you're pretty open minded about this stuff, but I just don't want you to think less of me."
"It's not a big deal," Cas said. "I can see Inias any time. Your safety is much more important to me."
"So, you said you had only ever been with a man once, correct?" Castiel asked gently stroking Deans soft brown hair.
"I love it." Dean says those words and he's honestly not sure if he is talking about the painting or the painter.
Dean thought about his friends when he lived in Nevada for a while, way back in 1994. Toes in the harsh sand at the lake with his friends. That night Dean was beat so hard he ended with a broken arm, had to get stitches on his forehead. A concussion and several bruises that littered his face and stomach. Dean learned, don't mess with boys. The memory was a bitter one, so he shoved it down and grabbed a beer out of his cooler.
Castiel was having brunch with Gabriel while Dean and Sam went shopping. Gabe was talking about the current film he's working on and all about the new dog him and Sam got named Bones. Gabe and Castiel hadn't gotten around much to spending this kind of time together like they used to, so when Gabe called up he agreed.
"Are we sure about this?" Sam looked nervous, sure, but he nodded stiffly his contentment. Without another word, Dean unlocked the door. He handed Sam the bowl of ingredients before stepping inside. The place was still the cool white, like a doctors office, but filled to the brim with stark black bookshelves filed in alphabetical order. He walked in and quietly pocketed the key as Sam followed behind him.
"I'm just not in the mood to be made fun of right now, okay? I had a really great night and I don't want your douchiness to ruin it."
"Fuck, Dean..." Cas moaned and Deans eyes flew open. His eyes gaped at the angel for a moment before Cas furrowed in confusion. "What?" He panted, still thrusting and groaning softly.
Dean looked back at Death and suddenly had an idea. The chains that bound him were strengthened together by Cas's aura. So there had to be some kind of connection between the two, right?
Castiel padded into the bedroom to strip out of his robe and put on some actual clothes. He decided for a skirt today just because Dean likes them so much and he makes him feel beautiful. His skirt was a skin tight navy blue that exposed the flower tattoo on the side of his shaved thigh. He paired it with a silk button up blouse that exposed the dagger tattoo he got last month in the center of his chest. Last minute he decided to accessorize with one of Deans ties; loose around his neck, also navy blue to tie it together. One last look in the mirror and he put on the trench coat. It was heavy and warm and felt like Deans hugs. The best kind that make you feel soft and fuzzy inside and smiled as he looked at himself. For a moment he thought he might be a little over dressed, but he felt happy and didn't care to change. Castiel walked down the stairs sheepishly both nervous and excited for Deans reaction.
"You could braid each other's hair." He smirked slapping the table. Sam mocked a laugh as Dean walked away.
"Some place called... Empty? He'd been working, trying to rebuild heaven. So everything is conjoined. And then he said he had to save his father. From the empty."
"No, no. I'm just saying- that one time on your couch you asked if we could do it without the condom,"
"Can you help me?" He looked adorably flustered and frustrated and Dean couldn't help but chuckle. He undid Cas's belt a little slower than necessary and popped the button on his jeans too. He turned Cas and pushed him to lie down on the bed making them both snicker. Dean pulled Cas's pants down his thighs and off his legs before kissing a bruise on his knee he got when hit the tree. He helped Cas pull on a pair of Deans sweatpants, because he basically only wore Deans clothes now, and helped him sit up.
Castiel flushed. It wasn't a cute blush but an actual nervous one. He didn't know what to say so he didn't say anything. However he didn't need too. Inias halted their steps and grabbed Castiels chin. Castiel barely had enough time to register what was happening before Inias's lips were on his. It was a chaste kiss and Cas couldn't find it in himself to kiss back. He didn't back away though, afraid of hurting Inias all over again.
"Look, I haven't seen Inias in over a decade. He was my first boyfriend, can you blame me for wanting to catch up with him?"
"What exactly do you think you are to me? These nightmares that keep you up at night are killing you! And you lied to me! You are lying to me now! Trying to convince me you're okay, when I know those voices in your head are saying I'm not real," he leaned forward and grabbed his face. "I'm real! We are real! And you can't do this to yourself, because it's hurting me too."
The first few pages were rough sketches of hands and lips, practice doodles. There was the watercolor one of Dean that Castiel made a little while ago that still makes him blush. As he kept flipping past that though, all of them were him. If not of his whole form, then unmistakably his own eyes and lips. Simple watercolor testings of shades of greens and browns. Dean blushed to find more nude sketches of him and one that Dean had to do a double take on. It was roughly sketched with minimal details but enough so that Dean could tell what it was.
"Are you on medication for it? Because if you are and it's not working, maybe you should talk to your pharmacist. Get something that will help you. I don't want you to be scared anymore."
"Nothing." Dean said a little sternly. Just then Sams head tilted and he reached forward and touched the bruise on Deans neck from the day before. He laughed and pointed before Dean snapped his hand away. He wasn't in the mood for Sam's teasing after he practically got cock blocked. "Fuck off."
"Of course." He said pecking a kiss on the tip of Deans nose. Dean was walking back into the bedroom to grab his clothes and change when Castiel called out after him. "And Dean,"
The trip to Winslow was a long one. Luckily Sam didn't bitch about Deans driving except for twice the whole way. They made several stops for gas and food, but still, Dean didn't really eat. They drove through the night because Dean refused to stop at a motel and get behind track. The sooner they got the halo for the spell, the sooner they could use it and get Cas back.
"Dude! Have you seen the way he looks at you? Like he's always looked at you? Not to mention, aside from his business trip, when's the last night you slept alone in your own bed?"
"Now, I am interested in your style. I've spoken with Richard Roman and he's highly recommended you for my spring art show. What kind of art do you do?"
He watched Allen take the smoke up to his lips and inhale. He tried to hold the smoke in for a while before exhaling it and coughing loudly. Dean laughed, mainly to cover up for the fact that seeing him smoke was extremely arousing in a way he didn't even understand. They took turns passing the smoke back and forth until it was burnt to a nub on the sidewalk and then he pulled out another one. His mouth was numb and tingly from the nicotine and his throat was extremely dry but he still continued to smoke. Also noting the fact that they're not paying any attention to the germs of their mouths on the cigarette.
It took some digging to find David's grave as well, but when they found it, they wasted no time in digging it up to salt and burn the son of a bitch. However, they were confronted in the graveyard by Robin.
"I would love to. Wanna help me with dinner?" Castiel was surprised with the slight chuckle Dean let out.
"Dean," Castiel smiled kindly at him. "I forgive you. I was never mad at you for lying. I was just hurt and confused. I love you and I don't want to lose you."
"I know it's not necessary since we already have our promises to one another, but I like symbols... tonight I wanted to ask you," Cas took a deep breath and pulled a small black box from his trench coat. When he opened the box Deans heart caught in his throat.
"Why aren't you taking them? Why did you lie?"Castiel asked, his voice shaking slightly. Dean sighed and clenched his jaw, a look of guilt passed his face.
For the first time since he was in the institute, Castiel felt inspired. He woke in the early morning and his clock read that it was just before six. Dean was snoring softly on his stomach hair rumpled and cheeks flushed from warmth. He smiled at him before slowly crawling out of bed. He padded into the bathroom to throw on his silk blue robe before walking out of the room. He quietly closed the double French doors that they had left open on his way out. He stepped into the dark sky on the balcony where he had left his canvas the night before. He don't know how or why it happened but he just started painting.
"Please," Cyrus scoffed. "This trap, can't hold me forever. Blades? Cool, got me there. But, you need me. No other demon is going to consort with you, and let's be honest, Dean. I can tell you've changed. You don't have it in you to kill me again."
He ran into his bedroom and changed. Maybe after they were done eating pies he could take Castiel out to dinner. Suddenly that seemed like a great idea. He changed into a silk button down shirt that was a little tighter than he remembered but made it work by undoing the top two buttons. He threw on the only pair of dress pants he could find and was pretty sure it was a pair that Sam had loaned him. He might be a little more dressed up than he should be for an evening of eating pies with his brother and... well whatever Cas is to him, but he didn't care. He combed his hair a bit in the mirror before walking back out.
"Baby, wake up. I'll make you breakfast." Dean grumbled something in response that he doesn't quite remember. "You're so beautiful." Castiel whispered petting Deans head."
"No!" Dean defended. "Not at all. Just... overwhelming. In a good way. This has happened before with you."
More letters come from his father. Dean doesn't open or read them, but he won't throw them away. He's fairly certain that Sam has opened them, but if he has clearly the letters from his father haven't been significant enough for Sam to mention anything. But Dean is finally at a point in his adult life where he feels content. He's doing good in school, his brother his happy with Gabriel, holidays are coming up and... Cas.
After Dean hung up and handed the phone back Sam tried to stop his tears, most likely not wanting Gabe to see him that way. True to his word; Gabriel was at their flat in just under five minutes. He came in and immediately saw Sam's state and rushed to his side, kissing his hair. Normally Dean would've been a smart ass and make a comment or fake gag, but Sam didn't need that right now. Sam broke down crying again into Gabes shoulder and Gabe looked pained to see him like that.
Dean was in school right now and Castiel smiled to himself in knowing that Dean would be graduating in less than three weeks. After Dean graduated, Cas was going to try and talk him into visiting his father, sooner rather than later.
Dean and Cas have been home and together for a week now and things are getting interesting. They both somehow established that Dean is the little spoon even though he's a little grumpy about it. Cas does Deans laundry and makes him food and gives him kisses every time they're alone. Truly, Dean feels spoiled. Cas is so perfect and giving, Dean feels guilty because he hasn't done anything to deserve him.
That's how it was supposed to be. Dean couldn't hold back anymore and buried his face in his hands and cried a silent sob. He didn't stay there for long though, since he couldn't explain why he was crying if Sam or Eileen happened to walk back in. He moved to his bedroom still crying and opened his closet door.
"Yeah I bet she does." Dean winked and Sam rolled his eyes with a laugh. The two sat in silence for a moment before Sam sat up off the bench.
By the time he thought he was worked open thoroughly enough, Dean was palming himself through his boxers and practically whimpering. Castiel shifted above him to pull Deans boxers down past his knees. Deans eyes were closed in the darkness so Castiel simply took the condom and tore it open with his teeth before carefully rolling it onto Deans cock. He lubed Dean up some more to be sure and lined it up with himself before slowly lowering himself down. Castiel practically sobbed when he was fully seated and Deans hips were jerking involuntary. Dean was by far the largest Castiel had ever been with and he couldn't say he was surprised seeing as how Dean looked like he was molded from god himself. He took a moment to catch his breath biting his lip and taking it all in. His eyes were closed and he felt Deans thumb pry his bottom lip out from between his teeth. Dean leaned up and kissed him gently and reverently before lying flat on his back again. Deans hands flew to Castiels hips holding him in place while also urging him to move at some point. Castiel took a shuddering breath before he took the first roll of his hips.
"You got a little something," he touched his own neck gesturing. "Eileens got some makeup if you need to cover that up." He chuckled.
Dean took a shaky breath. "I'm not saying forever, Cas. But until I can sort my shit out, I can't be here. I can't do this to you."
"Oh um... thank you." Dean looked over at Castiel and Cas shot him a bright smile. Dean turned the laptop so they were both in shot. "Dad there's someone I want you to meet. This is... this is my boyfriend."
Still Dean kept reading. He read all of them until tears dropped onto the letters, smudging the ink with the salt of his tears. Soon all that was left was one more. The one he'd gotten today.
Castiel called Dean in a drunken haze with the hopes of getting some good natured loving tonight, but instead Dean had expressed concern. Maybe Dean was different. No one Castiel had ever been with - romantically or sexually- showed this much concern for him being intoxicated. After all, being stoned or being drunk was sort of Castiels norm. He always had some form of drug in his system, even if he hadn't guzzled away his penchant for wine.
Dean passed out practically seconds after he came and Castiel chuckled to himself. He cleaned Dean up before grabbing his sketch pad and sitting on the window sill, wincing slightly as he was pleasantly sore. For a moment he could forget all about Inias, and his failing career in art. He could forget about his brother Gabriel's incessant complaints that he get a boyfriend. Tonight was special. He got to see another side of this beautiful green eyed man. And to top it off, Dean asked him out. A whisper in the back of his mind told him this could be bad, but he didn't care. Dean was opening up to him. He felt trusted, adored, treasured but more than anything, happy.
He can't help but feel a little guilty about Dean. But why should he feel guilty about Dean? He and Dean aren't together. And Cas and Inias aren't together either. But regardless there is a voice in the back of his mind that says two of these men at once can only end badly.
It was a little bit passed seven by the time he got back to the bunker and he already saw the cars in the garage on his way in. Everyone was in the library when he stepped in and they all cheered when they saw him.
"Of course I could. If something is harboring that much magic, no matter the warding I could sense the energy. But what do I get in return?"
Dean didn't want this to be over just yet, but the warm hands and lips and tongue was all too much. What Dean loved most about this moment though, wasn't the aching tension or need of release, or even the sheer pleasure that had him moaning like never before. What he loved most was they way they began to lose themselves in each other. Over and over and still never know they way that he always felt like a place Dean had never seen. He grunted as he bathed in the sensation of Cas' tongue against his earlobe and the rush of blood that filled his entire body as Cas' thick head brushed against his stomach. As Cas pulled slightly away, he saw that he wasn't the only one on the brim.
The two finished breakfast in companionable silence before Castiel took their dishes to be washed. While he was cleaning up from breakfast, Dean was getting changed in his bedroom. This usually was the awkward part of the one night stand, when they would leave but for some reason it wasn't. Dean came out fully dressed in last nights attire with a big grin on his face.
"Keep it. I'd rather be human knowing that death can't keep us apart forever. Otherwise I'd have to watch you grow old and eventually you'd leave me. I'm happy like this. I have you." He said softly, letting his fingers trace along Deans jawline. Dean wanted to protest but he couldn't. If the rolls were reversed, he knew he couldn't bare to watch Cas die and he'd have to live. He leaned into the touch of his palm and kissed his wrist softly, both of them smiling softly. Dean reached across the table and took a piece of string from a book mark and tied it around the vile. He made a makeshift necklace and put it on. Cas laughed lightly, a sound so beautiful; Dean wanted to hear it forever.
"Mmm," he hummed. "Knowing you, they're the satin ones. Am I correct?" Dean blushed and nodded. "Comfortable?"
"At least he doesn't smoke all my weed like someone else I used to live with." Everyone was giggly as Cas laid Dean down in bed. Dean sighed happily as Cas tucked him in and kissed his temple before parting to go hang out with Meg once more.
"Then I'd say that's the best kind of stress relief." He laughed. "That should have you out in about ten minutes. I'll wake you if you're not already up by the time we have to land."
"So I know you were probably just looking for a quick night of fun but," he sighed hesitating finishing his sentence. "If you ever want to do this again that would be really great."
"Jack, look at me." Dean spoke firm. Jack turned to him, almost as if he was outside from himself. "I know we've had our ups and downs, you and me. I know I've said some stupid things that I didn't mean. But I'm here now, we're here, because you're family. We look after our family, Jack. And I know there are lots of things going on in your head right now. Things you don't understand. But I need you to look inside. I need you to think really hard. How do you feel?"
"I would never leave you. Especially now. Cas," this was it. He was about to say it. He's imagined this moment over a decade, and now it's happening. He's not afraid anymore. "Cas, I love you."
"My art wouldn't be what it is without that lovely, kind devilishly handsome man in the front row," Cas winked at him. "One year ago today, actually, I met Dean for the first time. I told myself that I couldn't be happy without putting my art first. But luckily, Dean didn't give up on me. We had our ups and downs but Dean is more to me than anyone could think. He is the sole reason this painting exists," he gestured to the ten foot canvas of him and Cas kissing. "He is the reason of all of my works. Dean is my best friend, he is my muse, the love of my life... he is my entire world. Honey would you come up here for a moment?"
Dean set about making coffee and even decided to make Castiel some pancakes from scratch. Castiel was still set about in his painting while Dean was dishing up the pancakes for the both of them. He cleaned up his mess before setting down the plate for Cas and himself at the kitchen table.
On the last day of his visit Castiel spent most of the day in his hotel room that Gabe paid for texting Dean and sending pictures back and forth. Cas hadn't been able to take his eyes off of the pictures of Dean in the panties and in his free time he already ordered a package for more in different colors to be delivered by the time he got home.
Dean couldn't wipe the smile off his face or calm the butterflies in his stomach. He never thought an apple pie life was in the cards for him. But he actually does have a white picket fence and Miracle and now he's going to have a kid. He still can't wrap his mind around the fact that in less than fourteen hours he and Cas are going to be parents. Fathers.
"Seeing as it is a public beach, no. Well," Cas thought about it for a moment. "Yeah no. But I can assure you there will be plenty of coitus."
Dean knew Sam was right but he wasn't going to give him that luxury so he just sighed and opened a book on the table. The three of them read multiple books for multiple hours with no breaks. Occasionally Eileen would take a break, make Sam and Dean some coffee or food if they needed it. Dean couldn't eat. He guzzled coffee like a mad man and forced himself to not even go to the bathroom until he physically couldn't hold it. His head ached from caffeine withdrawals every few hours when he hadn't had a cup. The bunker lights were both too bright, and not enough light to see.
He pulled Cas into their bedroom and pushed him up against the wall next to the double glass doors. He kissed him deep and heated, the kind of kisses he'd missed. Cas pulled at his hair, a slight sting on his scalp and he smiled into it. Castiel worked on unbuttoning Deans flannel one handed while Dean sucked bruises onto his neck. Once Castiel got his shirt off, he leaned down to lave over Deans nipples, bitting them gently in the way that drives Dean crazy. They were both gasping and panting by the time Cas shoved him back onto the bed. Cas quickly stripped himself of his clothing as Dean tried to work out of his pants.
"Yeah. I don't know man I just feel like he's trying to help us somehow. I know this place has got to be it." Sam nodded and then his eyes lit up.
Castiel ducked his head in shame. Not that he was ashamed of Dean, but because he hated those words. Words that he had been called so often throughout his entire life. Castiel looked at Dean briefly and his eyes were wide and filled with rage.
"Well, luckily for you Dean," Castiel said as he moved his hand up to the back of his neck. "I am." And just like that Castiels lips were on his.
He remembered watching the angels face as he listened to the lyrics. The way his eyes lit up at the guitar solo. He knew even then that he was lost on this clueless seraph. The way he bobbed his head lightly and furrowed his eyes when the guitar solo just kept going for five minutes. When it was over he had a small smile on his face.
The date with Inias went fine, nothing special. It was almost sad in its own right talking to him again. Hearing all about how torn up Inias was after Cas left. A part of him wanted to say "We were just kids and that was decades ago. Get over it." But he didn't. He couldn't because maybe he couldn't get over the nostalgia either.
"Not at all," Cas said closing the distance between them and capturing Deans mouth in a long drawn out kiss, tasting the distinct flavor that is pure Dean underneath his own minty tongue. "But I'm afraid I might get too distracted with you cooking practically naked." He said against Deans mouth tapping his ass as he went back into the bathroom to grab his robe. Dean rolled his eyes as he walked out of the bedroom and sure enough it was the thong.
Late Friday night Cas was sitting at home eating some grapes and mindlessly trying to put anything on his sketchbook. He always found it easy to draw when Dean was around, but when he was gone it was like the color drained from his system. But that was ridiculous, he needed to make a career in art and his career shouldn't depend on the guy he's sleeping with. A sudden knock at the door suddenly shot him out of his concentration. He tossed the sketch pad on the table and went up to the door.
"You don't need to be so nervous, Dean. I'm not going to hurt you." Castiel said as he closed the door behind him.
"Nah. I don't really want to play anymore." Dean said and Cas shot him an apologetic look. "You win Sammy."
"I don't have much of a choice, now do I?" The new Death asked holding up the translucent magic chains.
"Was that good? I wasn't bad was I? Castiel inquired, tilting his head to look at the hunter. Dean couldn't help it. His lips curled into a wide grin as he laughed, turning to look up at Cas and his confused expression.
Dean smirked and handed him the lube. He wiped his hand on the sheets and Cas scolded him with a look that Dean knew meant I'm gonna have to wash those now. Cas lubed up his fingers and reached underneath Dean. He traced his fingers on that tender spot right behind his balls before tracing back to his hole. Cas plunged two fingers in at once making Dean whine loudly. Cas scissored him open, probably taking more time then necessary, just drawing gasps, pants and moans from him. Castiel removed his fingers and Dean forced back a whimper at the loss of those long pianist fingers inside him. Cas stroked himself twice before Dean had to sit up. Castiel held the base of his cock while Dean tried to lower himself down. Dean threw his head back with a long drawn out moan, loving every inch of Castiel that filled him. Once Dean was fully seated, he trembled, his head fell against Castiels own as they breathed each other in.
"Gabriel Novak is a film director. He's fairly wealthy and has a number of homes. One here in Compiègne, one in Paris, Arles and a summer home in Marseille."
Castiel didn't know how to respond to him, so he just pulled him into another hug. They sat hugging for a long time until Dean started to calm and his sadness turned into a haze of overwhelming exhaustion.
That night, Dean continued to be haunted. Not the typical type of haunting that they can get rid of with a bit of research and a salt n' burn. No, he's tormented by memories. Haunted by feelings.
"Dean," his voice was broken and cracked and shaky and Deans eyes instantly stung with tears at the one syllable. "I don't- I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's happening but you need to come back. Talk to me," he broke out sobbing. "Please we can fix this. Tell- tell me what I did wrong. I'll make it right. Just come home. Come home to me. I need you to come home to me. I love you. Please, Dean."
"Leave it to my boyfriend to eat that many sweets and still be hungry." Sam smiled as Gabe rummaged through their fridge.
"I haven't been with anyone else since I met you. Haven't even considered it. How pathetic is that?" Dean scoffed. "That I thought-"
Later in the day they took Samantha and Miracle to the park to play. Dean and Cas sat on the bench holding hands and watching her laugh with their dog. Cas rested his head on his shoulder and Dean knew there was nothing else he could ever want more in life.
Castiel had his second date with Inias tonight. Although Castiel doesn't really know what he's doing, it is nice to see him again. Their last date had gone swimmingly and it doesn't seem like their is any tension or rush between them. For the time being Castiel just wants to distract himself with an old friend and if he's being honest: practice dating a little more for Dean.
No matter how broken Dean thought he was, how unworthy he was, Castiel knew that Dean deserved the world, and he was going to do his best to give it to him.
He stopped on the way too look at his canvas once more, silently noting the fact that there was much more green in there than intended. He strode into the archway in the kitchen to find Dean already at the stove. Castiel couldn't resist but to pinch his ass on his way to the coffee maker. Dean jumped but smiled at him nonetheless as Castiel started a pot for the both of them.
Dean was outside working on the Impala in the hot heat of the summer day. Sam and Eileen left for a little weekend getaway to celebrate their engagement and the little one on the way. Dean and Cas has spent the last two days cuddling and being stupidly romantic like they couldn't normally be in good company. Cas was inside the bunker now, while Dean remained hunched over, looking in the hood of the Impala.
As Cas rolled off he must've have sensed Deans slight nerves because he erupted in a smile that made Dean's chest ache with the discomfort of unbound happiness. He wished for a moment that he had only stepped out of his own way sooner, but was too caught up in the feeling of Cas's marble skin to think of much else. Cas rolled over to his side of the bed and pulled Dean against his chest. The hunter felt himself melt into his embrace as Cas planted a firm kiss to his damp forehead.
Dean knew that Cas kept singing, but everything faded out to the dull drum of Castiels heartbeat as he faded off into sleep.
"Thank you. Now scooch, I gotta brush my teeth too. Unless you want to make out with my garlic breath."
It was getting to the point where sometimes they wouldn't even text or call, Dean would just show up at Castiels door for a long night of much needed fun. They even started calling each other and actually having conversations about their days. It was all a little more domestic than it should be for a safe zone. They weren't dating or in a relationship. They were simply sleeping together, but a part of Cas fought with him. Just because their not dating doesn't mean that he can't care about Dean as a person or even a friend. He just needed to keep focusing on convincing himself that Dean was just that. A friend.
He stepped out onto the balcony in the darkness. There was enough light from the city beyond and the moon that he was able to make out the drawings just fine.
"He um... kinda walked in on me fucking Inias." Gabe full on spat his coffee causing some strange glances from around the café.
"Of course you would get every color of paint." Dean chuckled when he saw the paints and canvas spread across their bed.
"We've got time. I just got back from flying I don't really want to go soon. I'm still going to try and call him more."
"Really. C'mere," he said opening his arms. She leaned in for a brief hug, smiling when they pulled away. "And I know I'm stoked to be an uncle!"
"I love you too. Are you going to cum in me?" Castiel panted and Dean lost it. His orgasm was ripped out of him with a sharp gasp as he buried his face in Castiels hair. He tried to catch his breath for a moment before looking down at Cas smiling.
"I love it, Dean. I love you so much. Tout mon Amour. All my loving, is yours." He said as he leaned in and kissed him softly.
so side note, I HATE John Winchester. I just wanted to see what it would be like if he became a good father to Dean. He is very out of character in this story cuz he’s gonna die lol
"Yeah she is. Hop on in." He said and Castiel complied getting in on the passenger side. The two of them drove in a comfortable silence before Dean spoke up.
"Are you saying I'm old?" Dean teased. Cas rolled his eyes and Dean pinched his sides. "Thanks for inviting me out here. This is nice."
"I was thinking, we eat breakfast and then maybe we could go out on the beach. It's still really cold so we'll have to dress warm but-"
"Well, we binded Death in order to stop him. We can bind the new Death and make them do whatever we want."
Cas held still, letting Dean adjust to the feeling of being full. It took a little bit for Dean to feel more comfortable. Safe. Cas was right. It was just the two of them, no judgment from his father or self hatred. Cas loved him and wanted this too. He held him tighter as they sucked and nibbled at each others lips. Cas broke away to nudge at Dean's jaw line. He began to slowly kiss at it before trailing down his neck, sucking at the skin there, leaving a dark bruise. Dean moved his own hand up to thread through Cas's hair which Cas had let grow longer. Dean always liked the messy sex hair anyways,  and especially now, how it felt below his fingertips. He could feel every breath from Cas's chest, when Cas grazed his blunt fingernails down Dean's side and back up again, still kissing him softly.
He wasted absolutely no time running once he got off the plane to Dean at the airport. Dean had offered to come pick him up and once he got off of the landing he ran up to Dean, tossing his luggage and throwing himself into his arms. Cas placed an aggressive kiss on the side of his cheek as Dean scooped Castiel up and wrapped his thighs around Deans middle.
He popped the cap and kissed down Deans jaw to nip at his earlobe causing his whole body to shiver. He left little love bites and kisses along his chest and shoulders enough to distract Dean for the moment. Dean whimpered as the first press of the pad of his finger circled his entrance. Castiel smiled to himself, buried in Deans neck. He slowly worked his finger in, the ring of muscles involuntary clenching down onto his finger. By the time he was thrusting his pointer finger in and out, he cautiously added a second one. He worked slowly taking his time to stretch and scissor Dean open and was loving all the little noises Dean made as he added a third.
Once he was in the bedroom, Dean gently pushed him on the bed. Castiel closed his eyes as Dean took off his shoes. Dean lifted his limp legs a bit and forced his feet under the covers. He also helped Castiel roll onto his side so if he had to throw up he wouldn't choke. Dean went into the bathroom and came out with the garbage bin and set it next to the bed. Castiels body was numb and tingling, he was on the cusp of sleep when Dean came back in with a glass of water.
When he was in high school he started to see the shadows. Nameless people and ghost less faces that he could never see, but they were there. They would talk to him sometimes and it scared the hell out of him, but he never told anyone. No doubt he would be institutionalized for seeing and hearing things that didn't exist. But it was because it didn't exist that he began to feel too real.
Soon he got the hang of it and it went from simple shotgunning to kissing the smoke into each others mouths. The Sativa had made Cas relaxed and numb feeling while the effect it had on Dean made him very touchy. While Castiel was closing up the box once the roach was done, Dean was practically in Castiels lap kissing and biting his neck.
Inias is a little bit tipsy by the time they make it to Castiels place so he's pretty clingy and things get heated quickly. Castiel doesn't enjoy it really, but he finds himself thinking of Dean and that gets him going.
"Yes you are." Cas said conversationally, stealing a sip from Deans coffee. "I wasn't supposed to feel anything at all, and you were such a bad influence, I rebelled, fell and died more than once because I love you."
"I think Cas put it in my jacket. I don't know how, but I just know. It's like he's trying to help us."
"That's very sweet..." Cas said as if he were momentarily distracted. "But I uh, I meant going to see your father."
"I've heard yogis talk of a divine emptiness," Jack started. "The body free of its base desires. Some coiled and luminous god in all of us waiting to be discovered. To just pivot. I've followed Chucks road of excess to know the same source and know how it feels to achieve nothing. The nothing that exists after accomplishment. And I've known the emptiness of nothing to say, no reason to move, those things I've built of a Paradise above the earth. I've lived in it almost happily, because what fools the body and mind more than warmth? And more than once I've shared emptiness with someone and learned how generous I could be... right here."
"Jack fixed it. Said it was the least he could do." Dean nodded and let out a sigh of relief. He sat up from the bed and pulled Cas to his chest in a deep hug. Cas hugged him back just as deeply before tilting his head up and placing a kiss to the corner of his mouth. Dean was only about two inches taller, so it didn't take much of a reach for him to lean down and capture the angels lips with his own. Soft, tender and electric as always. When Cas pulled away he tilted his head in that adorable way he always does.
Dean crawled into bed and tucked up against Cas's side, nuzzling in cuddling and looking into the sketchbook. He couldn't quite tell what it was about yet. There were two sets of hands holding each others over top of one another. Both hands had wedding rings on them, and down in the bottom corner there was a sketch of the rings by themselves. One was a plain band, nothing on it. The other had groves on it and was engraved with something he couldn't read in the dim light of the room. Cas looked over at Dean for a moment and Dean smiled up at him. He closed the sketchbook and set it to the side before leaning down and kissing Dean softly.
Dean reached into his suit pocket and pulled out one that Castiel had found for him and handed it to the little girl.
Dean put a hand on her knee for reassurance. "Eileen, Sam would do anything for you, you know that right?" She shrugged. "Well he would. Especially for your baby. He's gonna be so happy, you have no idea. This is all he's ever wanted."
"Ah speak of the devil," Gabe said pulling out his phone. "My prince calls for me." Gabe pulled on his coat slapping some money on the table as Castiel got up as well.
"I'm sorry." Dean said tears finally wetting his cheeks. "I'm not good for you. I've got problems, and I'm fucked up and broken and it isn't fair for me to put that on you. It's better for you."
"He's not wrong." Dean laughed. Cas looked like he wanted to say something else, but he didn't. "I've got to take a shower."
Castiel woke in the middle of the night to an empty bed. It wasn't unlike Dean- or himself for that matter- to get out of bed in the middle of the night. He pulled back the covers stretching and yawning before walking out into the living room. Dean wasn't there but he could see him on the balcony outside in the dim light of the lamp he'd left on. Castiel opened the glass door and wrapped his arms around Deans shoulders, kissing the back of his neck.
"Because you just got back from super mega hell and you don't have your grace. You could get hurt and that's not happening."
By the time they made it inside Deans apartment they can't even keep their hands off each other long enough to hang up the keys. Cas kicked the door closed while hungrily attacking Deans mouth.
It had been nine days total since he left Castiel. Nine days since he saw his face, his eyes, his hair. Nine days since he saw his smile and his beautiful body. Nine excruciating nights he wasn't in their bed, didn't fall asleep to the sound of Castiels humming or his warm embrace. Nine nights of feeling like his heart was ripped out of his chest. It was too unbearable. He had to hear his voice, at the very least. Had to know.
Eileen put the cards away while continuing talking with Cas at the table. Sam and Dean walked into the kitchen and started to wash the dishes from dinner before making conversation.
Castiel blushed and looked down as he spoke. "Said that you were a dumbass and that you'd come crawling back."
"Why does this sound like a goodbye?" Dean asked his own tears rising to the surface. This couldn't be happening.
"Never have I ever, taken it up the ass." All three Sam, Cas and Dean drank and Sam and Dean eyed each other for a moment.
"Well he's officially moved in. Things are great. We had sex like four times last night and cuddlefucked ourselves back to sleep this morning."
"We'll get him, Dean. We always do. But you'd do him more good if you at least tried to rest. That way you're fresh for tomorrow. Also so you don't die from sleep deprivation." Sam tried to make the last part light hearted, but it didn't serve to make Dean feel any better.
Dean woke again for the third time that morning, and the second time to an empty bed. Dean sighed and rubbed tiredly at his eyes as he crawled out of bed and threw on his boxers. He padded out of the bedroom and into the living room where Cas had his nose buried in his sketchbook again. This time there was water color paints along the table and Castiel looked absolutely adorable.
"If you're having a hard time deciding," Balthazar spoke up. "Just know I'm talking a hefty ransom."
"Fantastic." Castiel said as he went into the entry way to take his spare key off of the empty hook. He came back out to Dean and dropped it in his palm with a smile on his face.
Dean shot him a confused glance at him but couldn't help but smile at Castiels. Castiel held up a finger as of to signal just a minute before continuing.
"He was just trying to do better," he said barely above a whisper. "He just wanted me to be happy. Wanted to make it right. Wanted to fix it and I ignored him. And now... now he's gonna die."
"Dean, it's okay." She said softly. And damn, he didn't know how bad he needed to hear those words. How much he needed that simple reassurance. He sighed and signed thank you and she nodded.
"Shame." She winked. It took Dean a minute to realize she was flirting, and when he did he felt uncomfortable.
Dean was breathing heavily and Castiel started regret saying it until Dean grabbed his face and smashed their lips together. Deans lips were warm and soft and so familiar all the same. Dean was like home. He wrapped his arms around Dean in a hug kissing him back deeply. They kissed for so long, by the time they separated their noses and lips were flushed a dark rose color and they were panting for air.
After a moment of a little bit of an awkward silence, Eileen spoke up and tried to lighten the mood a bit. She was always good at pleasant distractions. Dean huffed a little laugh shaking his head before everything caught up with him. No chick flick moments, remember? Dean Winchester doesn't talk about feelings. And based on the past weeks he's had, he now knew he was on the verge of crying.
"Why not?" Dean smirked back sitting next to Cas on the couch. Castiel rolled up a roach for the both of them.
He stayed up later that night sketching a beautifully naked Dean sprawled out on the covers with flushed cheeks and sweaty hair. His muse.
Castiel handed him a cup of coffee before pulling him in for a deep slow kiss, both of them tasting too much like dark roast. Castiel rested a hand on his hip and smirked when he felt the edges of lace on his finger tips. Dean must've noticed too because he blushed in that adorable way he does.
"Maybe we should shotgun for your first time. It makes it easier." Castiel said as he held the roach to his mouth and lit it. He inhaled slowly savoring as if dogged his system and burned his lungs. He held the smoke in for a second but then turned to Dean on the couch. He cradled Deans jaw with one hand and used his thumb to open his mouth. Deans pupils were dilated as Castiels lips brushed his and he exhaled the smoke into Deans mouth. Dean inhaled instantly, breaking out into a small fit of coughs a moment later.
Dean was so disoriented he didn't even recognize his own brothers voice for a moment. He disarmed his gun and set it on the island before turning around to see the glass bottle of milk shattered and spilled all over the floor.
"Small world." Castiel smiled back. The older of the two was quiet but if Castiel wasn't mistaken he was looking at him.
"I've changed." Meg walked right up next to Cas and they kissed each other's cheeks in a friendly manner. Still Dean couldn't help but see green a little.
Dean hasn't been able to stop thinking about what Cas said once he got back from the airport for the past two weeks.
"Jesus Christ, no! No that would not be better, Dean! I love you and I'm not doing this over the phone. You may be giving up on me but I'm not giving up on you. Not now, not ever."
Instead of sending them right away, he opted for another idea. He face timed Cas in his bathroom walking away from the phone. Cas picked up on the second ring.
"I like ya, Cas." John said. "Although I do think you're way out of Deans league. Seriously, you could do better." He chuckled.
"Ah. That little angel in there?" His tone was laced with amusement. Dean didn't respond but he didn't need to. "I can do that. But you're not going to just let me go after I do either. I'm not a fool."
"The beginning of your situation, is no place to determine the end of it." Cas said. Dean nodded considering. That was actually pretty good advice. "What does yours say?"
"I think I'm the one who lucked out here... but you're welcome." He was learning to accept compliments from Cas, even though he didn't think he deserved any praise after what he'd put Cas through. Still he smiled and accepted more lazy kissed from Cas until he fell asleep in the embrace of his arms.
"I'm fucked in the head, Cas. I'm broken and I can't have you be the one there when I fall and you can't catch me."
"But now it's all done and it looks great. When did you finish it?" Gabe asked leaving the kitchen to get a closer look.
ahhhh last chapter. FYI this has always been the happy ending I envisioned for Dean, so I hope you like it. It’s just very fluffy <3
"Well, I'm pretty sure I've got paint in my ass at this point so I'm gonna start the shower." Cas pecked his lips quickly before he stepped into the bathroom. He took one look in the mirror and saw he was a mess. He had at least six hickeys he could see, purple paint all in his hair, multi colored handprints all over his body. One in particular stood alone while most were close together. A single red handprint across his shoulder and bicep. The one Cas had given him as a joke. He smiled softly to himself before an idea popped into his head. He grabbed his phone off the edge of the sink he'd left in there and took a picture of it before actually turning on the shower.
"Of course!" He laughed through his tears. Cas struggled to stand and before he could even get the silver band across Deans finger, Deans lips were on his soft and loving. There were cheers and whistles from the audience so much applause. Once they finally separated they smiled softly, holding each others faces.
"I love you too. I promise I won't leave again." Castiel leaned forward and kissed him softly. It was grounding. It was home. He wanted to cry he was so happy but instead he just tried to put as much love into that simple kiss as he possibly could.
People started arriving early in the morning, and by four in the evening, the bunker was crowded with their friends and chosen family. Of course people had questioned why they were all invited to the bunker, but of course Dean just responded simply with: "it's a surprise for later" making everyone a little more than irritated. Sam helped Dean cook food and they made burgers on the grill for everyone. Once everyone arrived, the sun was set golden in the sky nearing the end of summer and Dean suggested that they eat outside. There was a grove of trees along a hill near the bunker and Sam and Cas carried out the picnic tables for everyone to eat and talk at.
"Dean, I am a grown man... angel. I can go on a simple hunt. Plus I've already been back for a week. I'm fine."
"Yes you are." He said as Dean licked the shell of his ear. "Why don't we take this to the bedroom, Dean?" Castiel asked smelling the young mans hair. He mumbled his agreement in Cas's shoulder and the two of them stood up. Castiel took Deans hand and led him into the bedroom. Dean was on Cas like a predator, ripping his clothes off in a matter of seconds. Castiel was clad in nothing but his boxers while Dean was still fully dressed. Dean stopped a moment and his fingers grazed right over his inguinal muscle.
"Cried. Drank. Tried to draw. Cried some more. Drunk called you. Called your Dad a sobbing mess. Drank some more."
Dean got out of Cas's grip and kneeled on the floor in front of the couch, their show long forgotten. Castiel shifted so Dean was right at his feet. Cas stroked a hand through Deans hair and Dean closed his eyes with a shiver from the touch.
By the time they made it to Ada county, they found out that they were hunting Dybbuk. According to Hebrew lore, it was a form of ghost possession. They found out the ghost was getting revenge on the boys he attended Catholic school with. The three priests who had already been killed, partook in bullying their fellow classmate named David. Apparently the men bullied him so bad, David took his own life. Dean had seen this a million times, and every few times, Dean thinks maybe he should just let the ghost finish his job. Put itself to rest. But that's not his job so he and Cas dug up to find out who was David was possessing.
"I love you." She said. Sam looked at her shocked but kissed her again. "I love you too." He responded. As much as Dean wanted to slap his brother and pick on him, right now was not the time. The three of them headed to the basement and slowly unlocked the door that lead in to Deaths library. They crept in slowly being sure to be careful. They heard Death whistling that same tune they day he went to go get Cas and followed the noise.
"... You wanna come with me?" He asked nervously. Cas turned to face him, a blank expression on his face.
He took it off the hanger and clenched it in his hands. He traced the dried blood of the hand print and sobbed into the front of it, sniffling loudly. He held it close holding onto it as if it was the answer to all his problems.
"All you do is use people." Dean said but it wasn't angrily, just defeated and strained. Still hurt.
He looked around the room a minute as if he would just pop in like he used to before he shook his head. Not anymore.
"When are you thinking about going back home?" Cas asked, voice echoed in the glass confinement of their shower.
Dean had just stopped by Cas's even though his plants didn't need watered. He just wanted to feel close to him.
"Because it's fun." Sam answered as Dean made his way over to the coffee pot and Cas sat down at the table.
"You have bipolar, how can I help you? I imagine that it's not easy to live with, especially if you're on disability for it. So how can I make it better?"
"Yeah. It's super mean but you get to pick the color and then next person has to draw four cards." Eileen explained.
"You didn't pay attention in Sunday school, did you Dean?" Dean just mocked being offended. "Angels true forms are made up of halos, wings and eyes. Kinda creepy actually."
"He said he's willing to pay eighty four grand for the one painting. And I'm bringing some of my other ones to sell there too."
Dean blushed contemplating a moment longer before complying. Anything Cas wanted, Dean would give to him. Besides it's not like Dean hasn't worn panties before. Rhonda Hurley convinced him when he was nineteen and he became addicted to the soft satiny feel. Still the fact that he was wearing them not for himself but for Castiel made him blush. He stripped inside of Cas's bathroom before reluctantly pulling them on. He took a few pictures of himself per his request but couldn't manage to look at the camera.
Cas pushed him down onto the bed with a smile on his face. Dean willingly spread his legs as an invitation.
Castiel felt a little guilty knowing why he needed to get tested was because he cheated. Even though technically he didn't since they weren't together, it still feels that way to him. And although he and Inias did use protection and neither of them finished, still better safe than sorry.
He sat up from the bed, idly wiping away his snot and tears as he picked up the jacket, looking for what caused the noise. He set it on the desk and looked around on the floor until he saw a stark black price of metal. He didn't know what it was at first until her squatted down to pick it up and held it in between his thumb and forefinger. And it finally felt like he had won something.
Dean fell to the ground before John yanked him up and beat his head on the concrete wall over and over until Dean felt blood trickle down his neck. He'd never seen John so angry. More punches came, but Dean doesn't remember how many. Just the burn of tears in his eyes, the throbbing in the back of his skull. The taste of iron on his tongue and the pain when he'd tried to open his mouth. He knew he'd gotten a broken rib or two from that, bruises everywhere on his body for weeks.
"Uh, sure." He said still confused. People know his art? He was in a news paper? Wait- he had fans? "Um- do you have a pen or something I could write on?"
"Yeah! I mean- just if you ever need a little release I would be more than happy to partake in um... that." Castiel couldn't help but chuckle at the blush that spread across Deans cheeks.
"Not at all. That was very sweet of you. I had no idea you were so good with kids." He said leaning his head on Deans shoulder.
Cas knew the name Mary and actually geared up a little at the compliment. Dean always made him sing to him like his mother Mary used to. Dean always spoke so fondly and wonderfully of his mother. So for John to compare him felt like an honor. When he looked over Dean was tearing up a little too.
"Oh." Cas said plainly as if it were any normal conversation and not a serious discussion about mental health and disability.
"Right well, stay safe, sane and consensual. Goodnight!" Gabe hollered as he left the flat. Castiel laughed to himself before walking into the kitchen to grab his keys and wallet that he had left there. A knock at the door put a small smile on his face as he went to answer it.
"Dean, I want you to know that anything I have said to you in the past, I don't mean it. And I'm sorry if I've ever said anything that made you feel invalid."
"I love you too. And we are gonna kick so much ass." Cas scoffed a laugh and Dean grinned widely before they separated. "Not to mention it will be just the two of us... all alone."
"And what can I do for-" the demon stopped when he saw Dean. It took Dean a minute and he had to do a double take when he realized the boy demon staring back at him.
"I moved here to Compiègne when I was sixteen. I was emancipated from my parents and I moved here to stay with my brother, Gabe."
There was a pretty looking gal behind the counter. In any other circumstance, Dean would have been hitting on her. But for some reason, he didn't even really notice.
They called a hospital and sure enough, Robin died of dehydration. The medical practitioners couldn't understand why there were traces of sulfur in his system, but Dean and Castiel knew. While they were there, they got Cas's arm fixed up and he had to be put in a sling for the next month. They stayed the rest of the night in their motel room, ready to go in the morning. The air was thick with tension when they went to bed, not even touching through the night.
"Hey don't forget you were the one who conned me into ditching class to smoke weed behind the bleachers."
The past few months have been fantastic. Dean and Cas have practically been fucking like rabbits and Dean is finally motivated to work on his cooking. It's nearing the middle of November now so Dean is cooking constantly. He enjoys the cooking part, where he can experiment and add things as he goes; it's the baking he can't stand. For a guy who loves sweets, pies and pastries, he hates how the segment in school with baking is so specific and too the point there's really no room to improvise. But alas he still gets through it with a passing grade that he is super stoked about.
"Who says I don't like women?" Dean shot back. "Not to mention what I do with him, isn't any of your business. I don't go and call you and your lovely wife 'fucking straits' do I?"
"My forte is somewhere along the lines of both hyperrealism and fauvism, but it varies. I often draw landscapes and places. More than anything I paint angels, and I've started to dabble with biblical accuracy in them."
Even after Dean came and was trying to catch his breath, Castiel sucked him clean until he was to sensitive. Deans mind was in a haze all the endorphins and dopamine rushing through his system in the after glow. He hardly even realized that Castiel was working himself over Dean. Dean opened his eyes just enough to see, still in a haze. Castiels mouth was parted as he let out little gasps and pants. His eyes were dark and hooded looking down at Deans body. Dean sat up on the bed and took Castiels wrist off of his member and started to work him himself.
Castiel kissed Dean soundly until Dean felt dizzy and hazy not just from the Sativa. Dean scooted back up against the headboard while Castiel crawled in after him. Each press of lips Castiel left on his jaw and neck felt like electricity coursing deep through his veins. A faint buzzing hum sounded in his mind from the drug and he found himself incredibly loose feeling. His stomach flexed as Cas left ticklish kisses over his soft abdomen down to his hipbones. Dean was floating on a cloud and he had almost forgotten what they were doing until Castiel nudged Deans thigh with his knee.
"Yeah, uh. There should be a little purple box somewhere. I don't know where he would've put it but it's got like- birds or some shit on it."
"That's ridiculous. Of course not." Castiel took a deep breath before adding: "I didn't want to be with Inias. I thought it might make me feel better, but it didn't."
"Generally, yeah. It helps me relax. You want some? It will take off some of the stress." Cas smiled.
He looked around for his boxers but the room was much to dark and he didn't want to wake up Castiel. He opted for Cas's silk blue robe hanging on the bathroom door. As he put it on he shivered at how nice it felt and how much it smelled like him. The robe was awfully short though and he pondered to himself that this must be a women's robe. But on Castiel it always looks sexy so he made do. The neighbors upstairs didn't relent but he did stop in the doorway for a moment staring at Castiel.
"I... love you, too." Of course Dean loved him. That wasn't going to change. But he hesitated saying it because of this couldn't work out, he didn't want to hurt Cas any worse by making a promise he couldn't keep.
When Castiel got home, the flat was empty. He set his keys in the bowl by the door before shredding off his trench coat and hanging it in the closet. He went into the kitchen and pulled out some chicken to thaw for dinner. He threw away a wrapper he must've left on the counter that morning but stopped when he looked into the trash. There was an envelope torn in half. Castiel tilted his head curiously before pulling it out. He found the other half and realized that it hadn't been opened, simply just torn up and thrown away without a second glance. But Castiel frowned when he saw who it was from.
"Can I have some of that?" He asked and Dean handed him the bottle. One swig and he grimaced as he handed it back. "Tastes like shit."
Dean didn't know what do say so he reluctantly took his eyes off Cas who was pleasantly chatting with Sam.
Dean finally turned his head and smiled, leaning in to a soft kiss. It was quick and then they were just looking at each other. Twelve years of unspoken feelings somehow all out in the open leaving the vulnerable. Dean looked at him and instantly wanted to kiss him again. So he leaned in again, giving a kiss and it felt as if he could still see the world even with his eyes closed. It didn't take long for Cas to kiss back in return. Warmly and freshly like both fire and ice simmering in his bones. Cas moved to straddle Deans lap and Dean found himself lost in all things, Cas.
"Yeah." Dean mumbled. Despite it being virtually painless, he still held tight onto Cas's hand. Once Pam started to fill in the letters it became a little uncomfortable, like when you scratch a spot for too long and it becomes sensitive. Soon enough she stopped and moved onto cleaning the tattoo. Castiel was done first, but he didn't look at his until Dean was done. They held hands as they walked up to the mirror in the shop. And there it was.
Dean slept in Castiels flat that night. Maybe he was desperate but he loved the way Cas smelled. Like cream pastries and wine with that always there hint of marijuana. He looked through some of Castiels sketchbooks smiling at the cute sketches of angels and cats. Adorable doodles that remind Dean so much of why he likes him. His personality. He goes through two sketchbooks of angels and animals and even one full of flowers and different kinds of bees. By the time he gets to the other ones he still flushes pink at the nude portraits of himself. Not even all of them show his face, but it is so evidently him that it almost makes him chuckle. The fact that Castiel knows his body so well he can sketch it and full multiple books with the details even getting the patterns of Deans freckles right. Deep down he considers that he knows Castiels body that well too. Every sinuous muscle movement seared into his memory. Every tattoo like a fleeting touch on his body.
Seriously it's entirely a possibility that Dean was becoming a sex addict because every minute of every day he just wanted to be with Cas. He could hardly even focus in school without thinking about making Castiel all these meals after they work up an appetite. Christmas Eve they go Christmas light looking in the Impala and Cas has the fucking balls to get onto the floorboards and suck Dean off while he's driving.
"Yeah, okay." Dean shrugged. The two of them headed outside and sat at the small little table looking out across Compiègne. Castiel took a long sip of his coffee sighing as the caffeine started to fuel his mind and body. He took a bite into the eggs Dean had made. It appeared to be a simple omelette, but it was delicious. It was seasoned perfectly and he didn't even know how Dean knew where his spices and seasonings were.
He walked out of the bathroom a golden smile on his face full of contentment and joy. Dean found Castiel in the living room on the phone wearing his usual blue robe and Dean smirked at the thought that they were almost matching. Dean didn't know who Cas was talking to, but if the grin across his face said anything it was that this was a pleasant call.
By the time he was in his own flat he tried to ignore the bitter sting of tears that threatened to fall.
"Yes. I believe so." Cas said. Dean leaned over and pecked a kiss on Castiels temple, a gesture that was so familiar for them both. The man saw and shook his head.
"Yeah, you are pretty beautiful." Dean smirked and Cas shoved his shoulder with a laugh. Dean tried to stifle a yawn but Cas must've noticed because he pulled Samantha out of his arms. Dean whined his protest before Cas placated him.
Of course they did the usual. Spray paint the devils trap and buried the box with the necessities in the center, successfully bringing a demon to them.
Things got a little better once they were on the road, but then it was that almost funny awkward. Especially with Cas. Luckily Dean wasn't the only one who was tense, but Cas's reservations were more the 'I've now seen you naked' as opposed to the 'commitment and intimacy issues' reservations.
"No problem. All though, you should really thank Dean. Hell, he didn't sleep probably more than a total of twelve hours in the past month."
"What?" He scoffed turning his face to try and look at Sam. "We're not breaking up. Not if I have anything to say about it."
Deans eyes welled with tears as he pressed his forehead to Cas's. He shook it briefly stepping out of his grip.
"Yes. Yes, very much I want." He chuckled kissing Castiel again. "But let me shower first, I'm covered in flour and cream."
"Would you maybe... never mind." Dean brushed it off. Asking that was too much. They had only been together for a little over seven months.
"You look good in my robe," Cas smirked standing back. "But I think you'd look even better without one at all."
Dean smiled and put his phone back before turning over in Cas's arms. Cas grumbled and nuzzled into Deans neck.
"Yeah. That's where we had our issues. He could hit me fine, but when he got Sammy hospitalized, I couldn't let that slide."
"You can haunt my ass anytime." Dean smirked trying to be subtle, but also trying not to laugh because he knows how to handle a haunting.
Dean tried to be quiet on his way out but to his surprise, Gabriel was standing in his kitchen eating bread.
Dean fluttering around him after the exhaustion of it all was enough to push Castiel over the edge and he came buried deep inside Dean with a loud groan. He pulled out quickly, not wanting to take to long with Dean still being oversensitive. He tossed the condom in the garbage can before collapsing back onto the bed. Castiel rolled onto his side to look at Dean and his face furrowed with concern to see that his cheeks were wet.
But how in the hell would that even be possible? But somewhere, deep down, Dean knew it had to have been him. It didn't make sense, but it was Castiel and he couldn't help but kiss the handle of the key before standing up and safely stashing it in a lock box. He sat on the edge of the bed thinking for a minute. This is a huge start. He wanted to laugh and dance and sing, he wanted to weep and yell and sob like a goddamn baby. But for now, maybe he could get some rest. He lied back in bed a moment just thinking. His eyes couldn't close so he decided to do something he hadn't tried since before the empty.
"He can't afford to stay in France and has to move back by the eleventh. He was under the impression that, that meant you two had to break up."
"I'm sorry," she said. Both were surprised to find her accent very much American. "But- are you C. Novak?"
They managed to separate long enough for them to actually get their clothes off and even then, Castiels blue stripped tie still hung loosely around his neck. Dean ran into his room and came back out with lube and condoms, smiling when Cas shoved him down onto the couch.
Castiel simply rolled his eyes and walked into his bedroom. He gathered up his dirty clothes and put them in the hamper before pulling a fresh turtleneck out of his closet and pulling it on. He pulled out a pair of dress pants and as he was pulling them on he stepped on something.
"Yeah. Lee, he was kind and sweet and practically everything I wanted, but he was having an affair with me. He said he would leave her for me, but I didn't want that. So I left."
Dean never knew it could be like this. Sex was always some meaningless thing. A means of quick release and pleasure, something to take the edge off. But with Cas it was like swimming in the deepest sea. A little scary and you never know what to expect, but beautiful and calm. Placating and peaceful, feeling free to explore the depths together. Castiel moaned into his ear and Dean held him close. Dean lifted his hips to meet in time with Cas's slow thrusts, silently urging to go faster. Cas got the message and snapped his hips out of control a bit. He hit that spot deep inside of Dean that had him moaning wantonly and clenching down by instinct.
"That's what Gabe calls me. How ironic." Castiel laughed and Dean couldn't help but smile as Cas's bright white teeth shined in the dull light of the living room.
Dean was on the balcony with the box in his hands. He would be lying if he said he wasn't shaking. He thumbed open the lid and saw the letters. Some of them were different coloured envelopes, some with little sticker seals on the front. But all of them had the same signature smack on the back of the card.
Dean sped all the way back to the motel, not even bothering to clean their stuff from the fridge. They packed their duffles and tossed them back into the Impala before the long drive back. Dean was tired from lack of sleep over the past three weeks, but he still drove all fourteen hours back to Lebanon, Kansas, speeding the whole way there.
"Thanks, Crow." Cas said. They put their shirts back on and Castiel paid for the tattoos before they headed out. Dean drove them out to lunch, and was surprised by how hungry he was after the tattoo. He ate two whole burgers while Castiel ate a chicken salad. Castiel laughed at his appetite and they talked some over food. Dean kept smiling to himself every time he remembered that he now had a tattoo, and smiled even more when he remembered Cas had the same one. Dean took them for a drive just listening to music and looking out the windows before heading back to their flat.
"Okay." Sam sighed. They drove back to the small flat Dean rented in silence. Dean couldn't help but think about last night the whole way there however.
The tension was somewhat relieved after a dinner back home, and Cas even placed his hand on Deans thigh as he, Sam and Eileen all ate dinner together. The talked a little about the hunt, but thankfully Sam didn't push more on Robin. They even got Cas laughing at some jokes by the time they finished eating. Sam suggested they play uno and Cas had never played before so everyone was excited.
They took a tour and walked around to see the locals and shops that England had to offer. It was slightly colder in Birmingham so Castiel decided to wear the trench coat Dean bought him. To be honest he would wear it even if it wasn't cold, just because he loved the way it made him feel. They held hands as they walked through the streets and laughed with each other. They walked into an old bookstore called livres français. They decided to go in seeing as how they just came from France anyways. The woman at the front desk didn't speak English, but she did ask them if they were looking for anything in specific.
Jack stepped away for a moment and his eyes shone golden. Bright and almost scary if it weren't for the number of times they'd seen him use his powers. He held his hands out and the ground started to shake a bit, their whole world a vibrating sensation. The air went stiff and silent and Dean felt Cas lean into him, his broken arm; pressing to his side. Dean instinctively wrapped his arm around Cas to hold him closely. After a moment it was utter stillness. Like being in the confines of outer space. Silent, lifeless, still, and cold. Jack lowered his arms and nodded. He walked back over to the rest of them huddled and Death started the incantation again.
By late evening, Donna and Jody were able to come over and get to meet the baby while everyone else would come to meet her later. They all made hot coco since it was now cold out in November while they all got to spend time with the baby. But of course, as soon as someone handed her back to Cas, no one else got to hold her for a while.
"Wow." Castiel said a little shocked. If there was any doubt about Deans intentions, taking him to this restaurant was a clear answer. This was a date. He smiled to himself the rest of the ride there.
"Well, I think we should head to the motel. It's getting late." Sam yawned. "Plus we got to be up early tomorrow to see your baby girl."
"Dean," Sam sighed and pulled up the chair to sit next to him. "I know whatever happened with Cas is bothering you but... you need to talk about it."
"And we are too man. For what you did," Sam said grabbing Eileens waist. "Because of you we were able to stop Chuck and get everyone back."
"If I get lung cancer, I'm gonna haunt your ass." Allen said taking the smoke from Deans thumb and forefinger.
"Yeah." Dean mumbled. Cas lowered his head again and lapped without relent at Deans entrance. Every little touch of his tongue caused Deans legs to tighten and squeeze around Cas's head. Cas didn't quite want to give up on all the noises he was pulling out of Dean to grab the lube so he just spat and sucked on his fingers before plunging two into him at once.
Before he knew what he was doing he turned around and grabbed Allen's face. He looked at his eyes for a moment and when Allen licked his lips, Dean leaned in and kissed him. It was much different from kissing girls for sure, but it felt... more intense. They kissed on the back of that alley wall for an immeasurable amount of time before Dean heard a familiar engine and yelling.
He pressed a finger to Cas' lips, preventing him from saying anything else. "Yes. It was very good.  So amazing that we would be doing it again if I could feel any part of my body."
Cas smiled brightly, the corners of his eyes quirking with his gleaming teeth. He leaned down to kiss along Deans soft abdomen, nibbling below his navel in the way that makes Deans eyes flutter shut. He kissed down his boxer clad hips and thighs down to his knees just building anticipation. Finally he pulled the waistband of his briefs; lifting his hips up, Dean made it easier to pull them down. Cas popped the cap of the lube bottle and Deans whole body shuddered at the noise. Cas kissed him deeply again and started murmuring to distract him.
"I'll get the wine." Dean said. He went into the kitchen and got four glasses and a whole bottle of wine. He poured them each a glass as settled to play.
"So, I know you said you're not seeing things anymore. Which is great- and you're happy. So I'm happy. But... has it been affecting your mood? Or is it something else?"
He had a smudge of red paint right above his eye brow and his fingers were littered in splotches of greens and browns and blacks. His hair was tousled and mused more than usual, from sex and sleep. He didn't even notice Dean come in, to immersed in his art.
"Sleep tight, Cas." Dean said and Castiel heard his feet leaving the bedroom and shutting the glass doors.
Castiels eyes widened comically and Dean would've thought he was about to reject him before a wide grin spread across his face.
Castiel brought their plates into the living room. Dean came out a moment later holding something tan and folded in his hands.
"Anything. Yeah I know, all do respect I'm not going to discuss the effects of my sex life with my brother." Dean said not even thinking. Sam nearly broke the plate he was drying when Dean said that.
"That's fucking stupid. Well, you're in our family now." John said going back to eating. Cas wasn't sure if John meant what he was thinking, but it still made him tense a little. He still hadn't forgotten about asking John for his blessing. Dean and John talked about the supposed shop where his brother Adam got a job working there now. Kate struck up her own conversation with him. She was nice, he could see why Dean always spoke fondly and quietly about her. After dinner, Dean and Cas headed to a motel in Lawrence where they were going to stay for their visit. When they got there, just for fun, Cas reminded Dean that he hadn't forgotten about the panties and made him cum inside of them without even having Castiel take off the remainder of his own clothing.
All of the students in their class made a dessert of some kind for the ceremony. There were quite a lot of people there considering how small of a class it was, most of them friends or family. Everyone was at the food table, trying the students dishes. All of them had name tags of who made what item and what was in it. Of course Dean made pie. As Sam and Dean were laughing, Cas cut himself a slice of the blueberry pie and walked over to them.
"Oh come on. You've had Chinese food before." Dean said tossing him the wrapped cookie, which Cas eyed curiously.
Castiel once told Dean that he could see all of his tattoos, but they never really talked much about it other than that. To be honest they were a little too busy in the dark of his bedroom or under the covers to really say much more on the subject. He's sure Dean has seen glimpses of them, but right now his eyes seem to be inspecting them closely.
He thought about how much his life has changed since Dean. He saw the pictures Dean and him had taken together and put up on the walls. Most of them taken on their trips, he knew there were more in their bedroom too. He looked at the couch and how since Dean moved in, it was never without a at least one pillow or blanket. He looked at the Christmas card he had made special for Dean that Dean had propped up on the credenza. There were mugs in the cabinets with funny phrases on them, tacky useless items that Dean got just to make him smile. Dean wasn't just a part of his life, Dean was his life.
"What?" Dean scoffed not even believing his own words as they next came out of his mouth. "Look Cas is hot. He's great in bed-"
"First of all, gross," Sam rolled his eyes. "And secondly, are you really telling me to practice having sex?"
"Dude! You get paid out the ass for your paintings. People from fucking England wanted you to come sell your art. The funny lesbian chick from my class just asked for your autograph. Oh, and apparently, you were in the news paper?!"
Dean rubbed his eyes and took a deep breath. He fell back into their bed for a minute and just smelled Cas on the pillows. Just smelled the intoxicating smell that was his lover. He can't believe he almost ruined this for good. Almost lost Cas from his life all because he's a grown man who can't get his shit together.
"Don't be nervous, Dean. It's just us remember?" Castiel walked over to the nightstand and pulled out a new bottle of lube and fresh strip of condoms that he had needed to restock on after their last rendezvous together. Castiel, as always, meticulously stripped his clothes folding each item, partial to him being an organized freak, but also to be a tease. By the time Cas was finally naked he crawled into the bed and straddled the backs of Deans thighs. Dean was a little tense at the first movement but then sighed as Cas slowly started to massage him.
"It's fine. I could handle a beating. Lord knows I had a smart mouth and probably got myself into trouble so it's not entirely his fault."
The past week had been stressful. Sam was finally settled and moved into Deans flat, but school was killing Dean. He was working his ass off trying to make Boeuf Bourguignon as a part of his final. When he decided to join the culinary arts he never expected it to be so strenuous. But it was finally Wednesday. It had been five of the longest days of his life since he had last seen Castiel. Normally hook ups for Dean were one time things, but he was glad that he was getting to see Castiel again. After all, Friday had probably been the hottest night of his life and he wasn't objected to having a night like that again.
He tried to reason with the things that weren't there. He talked with them. They didn't listen though. Surely he was insane, talking to things in his head that weren't there. If someone came into that motel room they would've put him in a mental institution for talking to the wall it would seem. But after that didn't work, he caught back up with his doctor and was informed that he could come by and pick up his new prescription.
"You be nice to your wife, kids are tough. I know how heavy little Dean is." Dean said ruffling his nephews hair. Sam leaned in and kissed Eileen in apology before they cleaned up Deans Jr.'s toys. They gave their hugs goodbye as Sam and Eileen left. Dean turned back to Cas after closing the door and wrapped him in a hug. So many words were spoken with the silent gesture. They went off to bed and Dean scooter back into Cas's chest as his husband held him close with a hand over his heart. Just when Dean thought he was about to fall asleep Cas spoke softly to him.
"But it's just that. Sex. That's all this is nothing more. I don't want a relationship, neither does he." Dean finished standing up and grabbing his coat.
"Because I like you. But I can't just keep sitting around in the periphery of your life while you keep pretending you don't want more."
"I wouldn't object. We sure worked up an appetite last night." Castiel smiled. Dean threw his head back in a full hearted laughter, the sound so beautiful.
Dean obliged and took a swig of the water before sighing. Cas popped out the Xanax and Dean took them all at once downing half the water bottle with it. A bit of water dripped from the corner of his mouth and Cas pressed his thumb to catch the stray droplets, dragging the water on his bottom lip.
Dean has had his hands all over Cas's back about a million times, felt every ripple and roll of muscle underneath his fingertips, but never has he been able to see the sinuous movement of Cas's body as he moves inside someone. It's so beautiful that Dean doesn't even process what he's seeing for a long moment, but then the man underneath Cas let out a choked moan and Dean dropped the bag full of food he was carrying.
"Well, pick on Cas. I would've been up and out here thirty minutes ago if it wasn't for Kissy Mc. Kisserson over there."
"My thoughts exactly. So I've been looking through this book and I think it has something to do with angels."
Dean turned more onto his side to face his sleeping companion. He traced his fingers along the bow of his lips, the lines of his eyes and forehead. The curve of his Adam's apple and the sharp angle of his collarbone. He held his hand to his chest feeling the steady rhythm of his heart and thought of how much it would hurt to never feel that again. He didn't know why but he felt as though he could write a sonnet about this moment.
Dean broke down into tears. He'd never heard Castiel cry. Ever. And now all he could imagine were those beautiful blue eyes being shot and red as tears flowed from them. All because of him. He wanted to go back home. As far as he could tell his medication experiment was working, but what if something happened again? What if the next time he had an episode,  what if that was the time he snapped? What if all those voices telling him nothing he loves is real, telling him the only way to be sure is to experience death, what if he listened? Castiel would be the one to find him. Cas would be the one who would have to find his dead body, and it would be in their home, forever tainting it.
They made it to the airport in just a little under thirty minutes. Dean was shaking by the time they went through security and Castiel had to hold his hand, all the way until they boarded their flight. Balthazar paid for their tickets, and even insisted they ride first class when Cas mentioned his boyfriends fear of flying. Once they boarded their seats in first class, they were shocked to find that they were the only ones in there. Dean was still gripping Castiels hand tightly but he was taking deep breaths at least.
Cas was surprised by how much he missed Dean. They had practically spent every waking minute together for the past month and even though he hadn't even been gone a week he found himself missing the way Dean smelled.
Their trip was over in a blur and they flew back to Compiègne on the first of April after their ten day art show. Dean still hated flying, but he was happy to be back in their flat where things were safe. For the most part. Castiel was taking showering the night they got home while Dean brushed his teeth.
"Bedroom." Castiel managed in between breaths. Dean nodded willing to give Castiel anything he wanted as he sauntered towards the glass doors. Once he was in the bedroom he took a deep breath and decided to grab out the lube and condoms- well condom, they were going to need to buy more- before Cas got back. He set them on the bed before making work of his belt and the buttons on his shirt. Dean was pulling the shirt over his shoulders when Castiel came back in. He had a beautiful smile on his face that made Dean flush in every way possible. He was carrying his stash and Dean eyed the box curiously.
"Dean, I think you're misunderstanding. I'm not just talking about losing you to the confines of heaven or hell. I was worried about you leaving, because I would ruin our friendship."
Cas took one look at the vile in Deans outstretched hand and smiled softly. He grabbed Deans hand, closing his fingers around it and pushing it back to Dean. Dean gave him a serious questioning look before he answered.
"But I just wanted to tell you, cause... you're like my best friend. I don't have many people y'know."
Cas had mentioned that Gabe was rich, but he didn't expect this. The place was much larger than Dean anticipated for a beach home. It was fully furnished with all white and black modern furniture. There was a large flatscreen in every room and at least fourteen pillows on each bed. And of course because it was Gabriel's place, the house was decadent with nude statues, sculptures, paintings and even random nicknacks of men and women, some even actually fucking. Dean just laughs to himself about it before going into the master suite and starting to unpack.
"I guess it has a little." Dean realized. "It didn't affect me much before, but that was years ago, and to be fair, I didn't have a smokin' hot piece of ass in my bed every night." Dean winked trying to make light out of the conversation.
This was usually the part in the relationship that didn't go to hot. People thought Dean would be crazy or dangerous or simply not worth him. Dean hadn't been manic in years but he still had his moments. He had a good thing going with Cas, and he didn't want to scare him off.
"I can't believe I almost lost this." He murmured more to himself than anything. Cas burrowed his face in Deans neck whimpering and breath hitching as he got closer to orgasm.
"Jack. I know I- I'm probably getting annoying. But please, please bring him back. He's like your father too y'know, so... just please. I can't- I can't live without..." he sighed and trailed off. He didn't know how to finish that sentence. And to be honest, he didn't know if he could force himself to say it out loud.
Castiel was on the podium talking about his latest painting which was the two of them kissing at the beach. He could tell that in the painting, it was the same beach they were at the first time they said I love you. The canvas was massive and Dean smiled when Cas first finished it. The drawing was quickly broadcasted to media and all sorts of LGBTQ+ establishments wanted to work with Castiel Novak.
"So how was that?" Castiel asked, his voice rough and scratchy probably from having Dean all the way down his throat not fifteen minutes ago.
"Right." Cas scoffed. They ate a small breakfast in silence before Gabe asked: "So what's going on with you and your two boyfriends?"
Suddenly he felt a tap on his shoulder and Dean looked up to see Death. Dean didn't know why he trusted him to wake Cas up, but he did. Dean moved out of the way slightly, one hand still gripped tight to the lapel of his trench coat. Death leaned down close to him and in a flash he pulled out an angel blade. He sliced a small insert under his chin before Dean yelled and pushed him away.
"Cas..." Dean panted and swallowed, nervous for what he wanted to happen. "Cas, I want you to do something for me."
"Woah, what crawled up your ass?" Sam said slightly amused still. Cas leaned in to Deans ear which had him blushing even before he said anything.
"You got a better idea? Jack is MIA, and the only angel we got a shot in hell on living, is Cas. And we need this damn thing to bring him home."
His body was still heavy with sleep; he wasn't sure he could move if he wanted to. He tried to squeeze Cas's fingers to thank him, to let him know... but he couldn't tell if he really did or if he only imagined the movement. He felt his hips rocking a little, because his dream had him still swimming in ecstasy, searching out the main man in them. His mind was bleary and he was only aware of the hand holding his, warm familiar lips and soft sheets. His head rolled back and forth, like it's not even part of him, and he heard his own voice making weird high noises, like a wounded animal.
"Like hell!" Kelly snapped. "Our circumstances may not be ideal, but Jack is still my son. I'm going with you."
"She's still with that asshole, but she seems happy enough... and Ma and Dad... they do miss you ya know?"
"Jesus," he whispered. "Dean, we can work this out. Together. Just- just come home and we'll talk about this. I am willing to do whatever it takes to make this right."
Dean looked around as if he'd be able to spot something. Anything. But he couldn't. He took a step forward and the ground made a noise as if he had stepped in water, but it wasn't wet. Death walked forward nonchalantly, idly flipping his pocket watch. He leaned down and pressed his hand to the ground. There was a slight rumble that Dean felt in his feet. There was a slight noise like nails on a chalkboard but it was distant. Suddenly Dean saw Deaths scythe sliding across the floor to him. Death picked it up and tested the weight in his hands before turning to Dean.
In the drawing Dean was on his back in the sheets, hands grasping at the fabric. There were shaded spots along his neck and chest that he assumed were meant to be hickeys. But his eyes nearly popped out of his head at the portrait of Castiel in there as well. Of course Dean couldn't see Cas himself but it was unmistakably him. His feather tattoos along his back, muscles rippling as if the sketch were moving. But the most jaw dropping sight of all was the action. In the drawing Castiel was fucking Dean and it should not excite him as much as it did.
He took the Impala and drove for a few hours until he ended up at a beach. It was a fairly large beach, and looked even bigger without many people there. He pulled out his cooler and walked over the lot and down the set of concrete stairs to get to the sand. As soon as his boot clad feet hit the ground, he stopped. He wanted to experience his first time at the beach like he always said he would. Toes in the sand. He took off his shoes and walked forward towards the sound of the crashing water. The little grains between his feet felt weird, but he found it grounding. He thought briefly about how he never went to the beach as a kid. John was always on a case, but they were never near a coast, and if they were, Dean had to watch Sam. If Dean ever wanted to go swimming in his youth, lakes and waterholes was where he went.
"Look, the queen? Rowena? She's practically family. If you help us find the halo, or whatever, we can talk to her about getting you a promotion. Something better than a salesman." Cyrus pondered on that for a moment.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean- I really just don't want you to get hurt. I know you're strong, you're the strongest man I know... but the thought of losing you again, it kills me. It's not that I don't want to hunt with you, cause you're a pretty badass hunter. So we can do this hunt together, okay? You and me. Can you forgive me?"
"That's amazing," he said leaning over and pressing a kiss to the corner of Castiels mouth. "I'm so proud of you. I don't know how I got you."
Cas expected Dean to be different on the meds, and he was but not in the way he was thinking. Dean was for the first time in a while, enthusiastic. Happy seeming, even. They lived in the domesticity of their new arrangements and routines, building a life around each other. They wake up, Dean usually made breakfast. Then they'd shower, more often times together before Dean headed out for school. Castiel would paint and make phone calls until he got home and then they would eat dinner and cuddle on the couch with bad television. Before bed, Cas would wash his face while Dean got in the routine of taking his meds every night before they hopped into bed together. Castiel couldn't ask for anything more really. Even though they hadn't really had sex since Dean got on the meds again, he couldn't ask for that. Deans nightmares weren't haunting him and he was feeling better, so that was all Castiel could ever hope for.
The weeks up until Cas had to go to Arles for his art, Dean spent every second not in school with Castiel. Ever since that one night together, they haven't gone back to what it was before. Dean loves having Cas inside of him. He loves to submit and give Castiel whatever he wants. If Cas asked Dean would probably worship the ground he walked on. They've gone on a few dates, but cut each one short to get back to one of their flats and fuck.
He pulled Dean into his bedroom not bothering to shut the glass folding doors. They were kissing again just as strongly and sweet as before only it was more heated now. Castiel kept rolling his hips against Dean causing him to groan every couple of thrusts. After a few minutes of deep kisses and minuscule movements of hips, both of them were moaning and the gravely hollow sounds that came from Castiels throat only served to turn him on even more.
"I thought it might help you relax." Castiel said placing the box on the end of the bed. He looked and noticed the lube already set out and he smiled before turning to kiss Dean gently on the lips. "You're so good for me."
"I told him my flat is just down the next street." Castiel answered. For a moment the blue eyed man looked him up and down and bit his lip in approval. Dean could feel his cheeks heating and he needed to stop that. He had never blushed so much in his life than he had just being around Castiel. Soon they were in front of an old building that looked quaint and sweet. The bricks were white and ivy grew up them onto the balconies of the flat. Castiel paid the cab driver before taking Deans hand and pulling him out of the car. They held hands all the way upstairs to the third floor where Castiel stopped to unlock the door. Once they got inside he turned on the lights.
"No it's fine. What are you working on now?" He asked going over to take a seat next to Cas on the couch.
And the demons that once haunted Dean and made him think that nothing was real, that he couldn't be happy, didn't exist anymore. He had a life he never could have even dreamed of. He finally had a bakery where he got to cook all the things his mother used to make him and even more for all the locals to try. He was married, to a good, amazing, beautiful man. A man who promised to stay with him through sickness and in health, a man who he can never get over how much he loved him. And he has a son. An adorable baby boy who looks an awful lot like Cas, and that only serves to make Dean love him more. Once Dean and Cas promised that all of their love was for one another. But now, all of their love is for the three of them. An eternally happy and grateful family full of love.
Castiel never saw Inias again, he did leave him a note however. A note he left on his window sill in the hopes that if Inias ever came back for him, he would stop there and find it. He never found out if Inias got the note, but so much time has past that he doesn't even remember what he wrote. And he is certain that any declaration in there is forgotten by now. But still that note had been left for him.
When Dean woke up the next morning, his first thought was... warm. He smiled even before he opened his eyes at the firm, warm body pressed up against his own. He could feel Castiels hair tickling the nape of his neck, along with his hot breath ghosting behind his ear. Dean shivered a little at the feeling, causing goosebumps to cover his arms and chest. Cas was spooned right up against his back, no space between them, despite the fact that they had fallen asleep not even touching. When Dean shifted away a little bit, Cas pulled him in closer and tighter mumbling his disagreement of getting up into Deans neck. Dean chuckled slightly before relaxing into his embrace. His phone buzzed on the nightstand and he reached over to thumb open the text.
He remembered the first time Inias told him he loved him. It was in the warmth of an April night while the two were sweaty and tangled in bed together. They were just kids and Castiel didn't know any better so he said he loved him too.
He kissed every inch of Castiels body he could reach until he came down to his soft, loved tummy. Much like Dean, he wasn't super defined. He was still in shape, but there was soft skin below his navel that Dean just had to nuzzle into. When he reached the hem of Cas's boxers he gulped slightly, but he pulled them down with no more hesitation. He nearly gasped when he saw what was really hiding underneath.
"Oh fuck, Cas." He moaned wantonly. From this position, the thrust forced the Castiel to press a blinding pressure up against his prostate. The feeling more- more- when Castiel thrust up.
"Back when we were trying to get the Mark of Cain off your arm, Cas had to work with me, behind your back. We got into a lot of fights and he finally admitted it was because he was in love with you." He chuckled. "Boy that was crazy to hear then."
Damn his father, damn Chuck, damn Billie, the empty, heaven, hell, good and evil. Because Dean Winchester wasn't made to play along and follow the rules. He wasn't the Michael Sword, he wasn't the ultimate killer, he was just a lover. And much like his fallen Angel, in this moment, he knew that he was lost. That they were writing their own story now.
"My dad." He sniffled and looked up to stop his tears. "He said he has six months. All he wanted to do was see how I was doing. Wanted me to come see how he was doing. And I was too selfish."
"Why? Are you trying to tell me you have something?" Dean eyed him from where he was brushing his teeth.
He quickly stripped his clothes and took a less than five minute shower before throwing on his robe and walking out to find Dean.
Snow was falling by the time they made it to Castiels apartment and his nose was flushed red and adorable.
They wandered around the store looking for a while, just seeing if anything peeked their interest. Dean found an old copy of Les misérables, so they opted to buy it for fun. As they approached the cash register the nice lady was gone and there was an older bald man with a frightening stare.
"Oh. Yeah okay." He sighed. If Castiel was certain he almost saw a look of disappointment on his face.
Castiel didn't know how to respond. He wanted to say it back, but he couldn't get the words out. When Dean looked up at him eyes wide and almost regretful, Castiel threw on a smile and pretended he didn't hear it.
"I don't mind at all. I haven't got to celebrate thanksgiving since I was sixteen. Kind of miss it." Castiel blushed when Deans eyes swept over him. God he's so cute. And on a second thought Dean certainly doesn't. One quick look down at his flour covered shirt and he was up in an instant.
He eventually started to take medication right before college. The humming was still there but he didn't see the shadow and the didn't talk to him about death anymore so he knew it must be working. Even once he stopped taking them the shadows never really came back but he would still hear the faint whisper, like a mirror of his own voice telling him he existed. The fact that he existed as a human being, flawed and broken and alone, doomed to eternity haunted him. Haunted him to the point of self infliction, trying to take away that fear of existence.
"Look. I've got three months, max, left. I'll be damned if I'm gonna spend them being all scared and sad. I'm gonna stay up till sunrise on the roof and work on old cars cause that makes me happy. I've made peace with my fate. And all I've ever wanted from life was for my boys to be happy. I know now that you are. Cas is your Mary. And I'll die a happy man with that knowledge." He smiled.
"Anything." He panted and nipped at Deans earlobe making him keen. Dean couldn't say it out loud. He knows he's not ashamed of Cas or any of the sensual touches and things they've done in bed together thus far, but he couldn't voice it. It was a little... emasculating. Made him more vulnerable than he'd been in a very, very long time. Cas seemed to sense his hesitation though, because he stopped his kisses and passion to softly cradle Deans face in his hands. "Dean, it's just us. There is no judgment here, you and me. I don't ever want you to hesitate when you want or need something. Okay?"
"That feels nice." Cas groaned and Dean smirked. Sam gave them an amused glance before turning his laptop around. Sam explained all the gory details of how three priests were crucified in Ada County. He showed them all the police reports and they all agreed thoughtfully that this looked like a case.
"Partially. But come on. We were kids. That was ages ago. We're completely different people now, it's time we move on."
When he woke up the next morning, his neck was stiff, his eyes were glued shut and his nose was dry and sore from rubbing and blowing it last night. He sat up and groaned at the ache in his muscles from another restless night of sleep after a fit of tears. He rubbed the crust from his eyes and got out of bed. He shuffled tiredly into the kitchen, smiling at Eileen at the table.
She was beautiful. So small and fragile, like the feather of an angel, so precious he never wanted to let her go. She had barely there, curly light brown hair and blue eyes that could give Cas a run for his money. She wore a simple white dress that was too big for her tiny frame, and the cutest little sandals. Dean never thought feet could look so cute, but on her they just were. Dean wanted to cry when Cas took her out of his arms but then he wanted to cry for a whole different reason. The smile on Cas's face was brighter than the sun and as he looked down at her. When Cas looked up at him his eyes were watery with tears and he knew he had to kiss them away. Even when she cried Dean and Cas just smiled at her because she was too precious to do anything else.
He'd always been a little suicidal. He just never did anything because he had a very low pain tolerance. He also was afraid of death. He didn't want to die really. And for a long time he couldn't have because of Sammy. If Dean left, then no one could protect him. But if Dean left now, who would protect, Cas? Against his better judgment he listened to the rest of the voicemails. Most of them sounded the same. Begging and pleading in a fit of tears. One was massively slurred so Dean could only imagine he'd gotten drunk. And the last one was unbearable. The last one just sounded so much more heartbreaking than the others. Even considering it didn't sound like he was crying much, he sounded exhausted. Tired. Like he wanted to give up. He realized he sounded like he did.
Dean blinked at the screen, his heart rate speeding before shutting off his phone. He grabbed his cooler, leaving his half full beer behind in the sand. He shoved his boots back on and ran up the steps to the lot where his car was waiting for him. He threw his stuff in the back, ignoring the remnants of sand still clinging to him and hopped in the drivers seat. He ripped out of the parking lot and sped back towards the bunker. He made it back in a little under an hour and loudly entered the bunker. Sam and Eileen were digging through books on the shelves when he came down the stairs.
The reaper stood there with warning and contemplation in his eyes. So long so, Dean got antsy and thought about taking it back. But finally the reaper smiled.
"Yeah." Sam sniffled. Dean smiled at the two of them before turning back into the fridge to pull out a beer.
When Dean cautiously peeked his eyes open again, the shadow was gone to his relief. He focused on Castiel again, his head thrown back in pleasure, his chest beautifully flushed in arousal where his shirt exposed it. To avoid seeing anything again, he grabbed his tie around Castiels neck and twisted it around his fist. All at once he flipped their positions and Cas was pinned beneath him on the floor grinning up at him. Like this everything was zeroed in to him. A fleeting memory of Cas's words from months ago crossed his mind as he began to thrust forward slow and filthy.
The four of them sat in the living room each having at least once slice of the many pies Dean made. Castiel and Sam talked and bonded over their love for philosophy and old books while Dean tried to warm up to Gabriel. Gabe was a little too busy stuffing his face to talk which was fine with Dean as he would much prefer to watch Cas. The way his long fingers handle his fork, the way his pink tongue darts out to lick a stray bit of cherry pie. Dean tries not to think about all the places that tongue has been while in good company, but still finds more distracting thoughts looking at this angel like man in front of him. Cas only eats about two different slices of pie before he's full but he swears that they are amazing. Gabe however ate more than any of them could with a grand total of five pieces of pie.
Their whole existence was flawed, every other version of Dean and Castiel obeyed what was cut out for the plan of god. But not them, still to this day, they're existing to rebel.
Dean turned back to Cas, who was still mildly confused, but nodded anyways. Dean took Cas's hand in his and intertwined their fingers. The angel looked down at their mingled hands in confusion and Dean simply smiled. They walked over to Death and he said another incantation, soon they were being warped and sucked out of the pitiful cold darkness. They popped right back out into Deaths library and then turned to Death.
"Any old how, your boy toy and Sam invited me over for dinner so I'll see myself out. Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
"I'm going to tuck her in, then I'm going to tuck you in too. Don't worry, she'll still be here in the morning." Dean sighed with a smile before getting up too. Dean walked towards their bedroom while Cas put her in her freshly decorated nursery.
Castiel was dreamy. Dean wouldn't have been surprised if he was an actual angel. What with his bright blue eyes that should make the ocean ashamed for not being as blue. His messed up dark sex hair that Dean just wanted to run his fingers through. His oddly strong features like his nose and lips. He was entrancing.
Dean woke up the next morning around ten and instantly threw up all the alcohol he consumed last night before- and after- he was at Cas's. Thinking about what he saw only made him puke harder until his stomach muscles clenched and ached from convulsing.
"Dork," Dean scoffed. "I wasn't thinking something big. Just maybe like a phrase. Something meaningful."
Dean and Castiel got married in June the next year. They had a small wedding in their own backyard that Charlie had decorated for them. And yes, Castiel finally convinced Dean to wear a dress. He had blushed about it, but all in all it was just for fun. Although, Dean wearing that tight white dress was a true sight to behold.
"I could get used to your morning kisses." Dean smiled. Cas hummed his agreement before they both sat up. Dean held Cas's hand out of bed and walked him into the kitchen with intertwined fingers. Sam and Eileen were already at the table which had several plates dished up for them.
"I um... Kind of. I mean I went to college back in Lawrence. I've always wanted to be a chef so I decided to get some culture and started school a little later."
"Don't be." He chuckled nuzzling Cas's nose. Castiel leaned forward to kiss him but Dean pulled back. "Absolutely not."
"No, you don't get to decided that for me!" Castiel cried out. "I love you! I love you more than anything! You can't leave me. You said you loved me too."
"Until we get our tests done. I think it will be fun. By the time we get to go bare we will be incredibly frustrated then." Dean smiled.
Dean smacked Sam's shoulder to get his attention. Sam gaped once he saw the feather the same as Dean did and they both broke out into bright grins. Sam patted Dean on the back and he leaned down to throw his glasses and the jug of holy oil, back in the duffle bag. He zipped it shut and threw it over his shoulder.
The room was a lot nicer than some of the other motels they had stayed in. If it wasn't for the sign, he'd think this was at least a three star hotel. He set the duffles on the table and made his way into the kitchenette. Cas took his time observing the room a little bit and Dean just watched him.
"About what's going to happen?" Sam nodded. "It says that Jack Kline is going to get trapped. You see, he didn't just go in to pull Cas out, he went in to make a deal."
Dean was outside the bowling alley with his friend Allen. He met Allen in the begging of eighth grade and they instantly became friends. Dean was about halfway through his freshman year at the time and it was the longest place he'd ever stayed at. He still slept in a shabby motel room and had to share the Murphy bed with Sam, but it was better that the streets, that's what his father told him.
Inias was his first boyfriend. Castiel was sixteen at the time, a Junior in high school. He still lived with his parents Chuck and Naomi and his sisters Anna and Hannah. He met Inias in art first, and then in French. They became friends at first simply sharing antidotes and notes in class. Castiel had never imagined that he would catch feelings for Inias.
Dean laughed to himself as he pulled out of the parking lot of the school to head back home. Once he got back to his flat Sam was already home doing the dishes in the kitchen.
"Well, I've dated probably three people in my lifetime. As far as hook ups go, there has been countless one night stands, and you."
"There are fragrant acres where evening comes long hours late," it took Dean a moment to realize, Cas was reciting poetry. "And the still unmoving air, cools the fevered hands of fate. Meadows where the afternoon hangs suspended in a flower and the moments of our doom drift upon a weightless hour. And we who thought that surely night would bring us triumph or defeat, only find the stars are white clover at our naked feet."
Dean quietly stripped out of his clothes until he was in nothing but his boxers before he quietly crawled into bed. He didn't want to wake Cas, but he was tired too. Once he pulled up the covers and got in it was so warm and inviting. He knew this was where he belonged. Castiels eyes moved behind his eyelids and Dean couldn't help but smile. He pulled the blankets more over him and scooted close enough to kiss his forehead. When he pulled away, Cas jumped awake suddenly scared at the intrusion.
"You changed me, Dean." Castiel said with tears in his eyes. In spite of the tears, he was smiling. He was happy. Dean couldn't comprehend what was happening.
"Dude, what?" Dean fully turned to him a glare in his expression. Sam feigned innocence so Dean pushed again. "What? What's got you all giddy? You get your rocks off this morning or something?"
"That's why I picked 'em." He smirked. They both laughed a little, easing their nerves for going to Kansas.
"Oh stop being so dramatic Gordon Ramsay," she punched his arm and he rolled his eyes as he walked away. "Congrats guys! I'm so happy for you!"
"Hate to interrupt but your little nerdy lesbian won't leave me alone. I have paintings to sell, checks to give." Balthazar said.
Sam, Eileen, Dean and their daughter Jade came over to celebrate as well. Sam and Eileen told her stories about how him and Cas and Dean always used to bicker and fight. Told her all about Team Free Will and how she too is a legacy that will lead on whether or not she chooses to hunt monsters. Even Jack left Samantha a present, it was a snow globe that showed the gates of heaven. When she'd asked where the gift came from, Dean had answered by saying it was from her brother Jack, who was god. Dean had never seen Samantha smile so widely. Although Dean really didn't want Samantha to get stuck into the life he did, he wasn't surprised when she wanted to hear stories about how her Daddy and Uncle Sammy killed the devil. Even as they tucked Samantha in to bed and Cas read her the first chapter of their love story, they made sure there was holy water and salt under the bed before laying to rest for a night of dreams that couldn't compare to what became true for the both of them.
It was just a little after seven when he got there and Castiel was far more enthusiastic about seeing Dean than Dean anticipated. The two barely get five words in before Dean ends up fucking Castiel on the kitchen counter rough and fast. Dean loves the noises Castiel makes when they're together and he can't help but wonder what it feels like for him. He'd been curios for a while now but he had been too shy to ask about it. When Dean was with Lee, they were only together for about a month and although it had been great, they never did anything like that in their sexual experimentation. Cas was something else. He was different.
"It's... amazing. I mean, I have quite an extensive vocabulary, and yet I can't even find a word that truly describes how happy he makes me."
Lay me down onto the bed of your flaws. Hold yourself above me, let your wings graze the ceiling as I show you just how much of an angel you are.
"Aren't your legs cold?" Dean asked suddenly. Cas looked down having almost forgotten he wore a skirt out in public. Suddenly he blushed and looked around as it waiting for scrutiny, but no one was looking.
"Yeah. There was this angel, Balthazar. Apparently he had this big collection of stolen goods from heaven. Do you think you could find it?" Sam chimed in.
"No he is our father. Biological father nothing more. Dads don't beat their sons so bad that they end up hospitalized. Now you may be able to forget about that Sammy, but I can't."
"Yeah, dinner can wait." Dean said licking his lips and picking up Cas's bags. "We'll just tell them your flight was an hour late."
"What do you need me around for anymore?" Dean asked taking another swig of his drink. "What did you ever need me around for?"
Maybe it's the whiskey that had him completely oblivious to the noises coming from inside Cas's place all through three tries to get the key in the hole and turn the lock, but Dean's confronted with it as soon as he enters the apartment: Cas had some guy shoved face-down on the couch and was fucking him from behind.
"I got his phone info and stuff. I was gonna set up a Skype call tonight if you wanted to say hi to him with me."
Dean comes over to Castiels Wednesday night since he doesn't have school on Thursdays. Castiel is in a much better mood than he had been Sunday evening when he gets there. In fact Cas is in such a good mood that Dean just barely gets his key out of the lock before Castiel is attacking him in a breathtaking kiss.
Dean didn't let go of the feather the entire way. He kept it tucked in the lapel of his flannel, not letting it go, even when he was just using the restroom. With his luck some demon, monster, bad guy would come and steal it, so he kept it close to him.
"Well you are," he kissed Deans neck. "Beautiful," another kiss. "Exquisite. Irresistible. Handsome. Ravishing. Divine. Stunning. Absolutely heavenly." He said in between kisses to Deans collar and shoulders. By the time he was done adorning Dean in praise he was flushed red, not just from the shower.
"No harm. No foul." He said holding up his hands. "I get it. I'm not super fond of this trap however. Kind of a pain in the ass. But now, I'm a demon. And you," he said pointing at them. "Need me. So... shall we make a deal?"
"You kidding? You're perfect." Cas rolled his eye but Dean just kissed him soundly before he could object.
"Hands on the back of the couch, on your knees." Dean adjusted himself and without warning Castiel started prepping him, more roughly than he ever had before. He didn't give Dean time to adjust after he shoved to slick fingers deep inside him, he just started scissoring and pumping quickly from impatience. Dean was whimpering with every brush of his fingers that hit Deans prostate and once Cas decided he was stretched enough, he leaned down to pick up the condom. As he was tearing it open Dean startled.
The smell of the water was placating. Dean closed his eyes and just breathed for a moment. When he opened his eyes he had to adjust to the brightness of the cool sun in the water. He looked over at a group of little kids playing in the sand and smiled to himself. He watched them for a moment before far off his eyes caught the attention of someone else. He could have sworn he saw Cas. But when he looked again, he was gone. Like he just vanished. And suddenly the beach was no longer calming. He sighed and took his phone out of his back pocket and checked the message.
"Dean, I love Gabe. And I love Dad, but Gabe isn't really interested in meeting Dad. And to be honest I'm not really interested in Dad meeting Gabe. How do you think that reunion would pan out?"
"Okay," Dean said hesitantly but pulled it out of his back pocket nonetheless. He handed it over to Castiel after he punched the passcode in. Castiel opened his contacts and added his own number in putting his name as Cas in the phone. He quickly texted himself and handed the phone back.
"I- I don't think you're going to like it much. Well, with what you have told me for so many years," he struggled to get it out.
It was the first week of December now and Castiel was constantly happy. He found himself falling asleep thinking about Dean and waking up the same way.
"You can turn around if you want. I'm decent." Cas turned to him and blushed when he saw him shirtless. "I have some spare sweatpants and a t-shirt in that drawer over there. Feel free to get comfortable."
They spent the rest of the day, buried in books, glued to their seats, guzzling coffee and aspirin. Dean was starting to understand how Kevin must've felt translating all the tablets. But Dean at least had a decoder and had an understanding of most of the Greek and Latin in the books. Every time he wanted to give up after a book he reminded himself of what he could finally get if he just stuck with it. The rewards. If they figured out this spell, they could get to Deaths library, find a reaper, offer it some kind of promotion to become Death, by well, death. Then they would bind the new Death and get Dean into the empty. He would find Cas and get him out of there, take care of Death later. But most important, he would have Castiel back.
"Ugh fine. Sam let's go to my place." Gabe said and then Dean was left to an empty flat nothing but thoughts of Cas and alcohol to distract him.
He got dressed quickly into a black henley and a blue denim flannel over it. Once his boots were tossed on he grabbed his keys and wallet as he went out to get Sam in the living room.
"Well, I'm alive at the moment, so I'm good." Dean and Cas suddenly felt sad by the remembrance that this would probably be the last time they would see him. "No, don't cry over me. I swear, anyone who even thinks about crying at my funeral is getting an ass whooping from the grave."
"Kiss me!" Cas laughed leaning down to try and kiss him but Dean just flopped his head back and forth avoiding him. "Fine. I'll brush my teeth." Cas sighed before climbing off him.
Cas came into the bathroom and they hopped in together as they cleaned the paint from each others bodies and hair. And Dean smirked the whole time he cleaned his spend off of Cas's face at the memory of putting it there.
But then Cas would smile brightly at him and everything would fade away to the beautiful man he was proud to call his.
"Of course I can forgive you, Dean. I love you." He said. Dean came over and wrapped him in a hug where Cas nuzzled under his chin.
"They made it quite clear that a gay son was no son of theirs. They made that bed and now they have to lie in it just like I had to when I was a kid and had to move all the way out to France to pathetically live with my brother."
"Are you sure?" Cas asked. Dean rolled his eyes and scooted down closer until the blunt head of his cock was nestled in between Deans cheeks as an answer. Cas pushed in slowly drawing a long moan out of Dean as he stretched him open. They held still panting as they both got used to the feel. Castiel had never felt anything like this. Dean felt wetter, softer, warmer like velvet around his cock and he allowed himself to become lost in the sensation.
As the slick mess of sex smeared itself against them both, Cas peppered Dean's stunned face with gentle kisses. Dean realized he had never known a peace like the peace he felt in this moment. For a moment he didn't care about anything else but the body of light he had tucked in his arms. He wound his hand through Cas' thick mop of brown hair to pull his lips in for a kiss that resonated to the tips of his toes. The two of them laid there panting, sweaty and messy, but neither seemed to care. They held still for a long while trying to even out their breathing. Dean had never had such an intimate experience with anyone and it made him a little nervous after a while.
"I believe so. I have you." He smiled. Dean leaned in and pressed their lips together. A soft chaste kiss that simply said the three words he wanted to say most. Cas nuzzled into his neck and Dean went a little stiff. The last time he hid his face Deans neck, he had been moaning his name and shaking. And Dean did not need to be thinking about that right now. "Are you embarrassed of what we did?"
Dean comes over the next night sober and cleaned up which is a relief. He glances into the living room, still slightly uncomfortable before Cas drags him out onto the balcony.
Not twenty minutes after Dean left, there was a knock on his door. Castiel got up from the couch and walked over to the entry way to open it.
"I don't even know what it is," Cas said as Dean laid back on the bed, Cas following overtop of him. "Tell me what you want."
After the phone call hung up Dean went to the bathroom to wash the dry tears off his face. He looked into the mirror and saw Cas crying in his reflection. He bit his lip. He knew it wasn't real. But it hurt like hell. After that he closed the bathroom door and covered the other mirrors in the room because if he was going insane, he wasn't going to see Castiel that way.
"Shh. I've got you Angel. Cum for me." He whispered and made direct eye contact as Cas came screaming. His brows furrowed, jaw went slack, lips wet and swollen pink. Those lust filled blue eyes staring at him as he spilled between them all over their intertwined hands. Dean let go of Cas's softening dick and quickly stroked himself at the sight of Cas beneath him catching his breath. Before he could finish though, Castiel found enough strength apparently to flip him back over.
The waiter came by with their menus and of course Sam got some frilly rabbit food, Eileen something similar but at least it had chicken. Dean grimaced at the menu for its lack of red meat and carbs.
"We can get through it together," he pleaded. "I'm here to help you. When you first told me about your bipolar and your trauma, I told you I wanted to help. Have I not been helping you? Am I not doing enough?"
"Kelly, this place... it's like nothing you've ever known. I'm the reason why he's in there right now, and I need to find him. I will bring him back, I swear, but you can't come."
"Well I don't know about that but he certainly has a nice ass." Dean chuckled as Castiel leaned in for a kiss.
He and Allen were fairly close, and whenever John was off hunting some fang, Dean would go spend time with him. He told himself he just liked him as a friend but the truth was, Allen peaked his interest far more than a friend. He had black curly hair that desperately needed cut much like Sam's. He had soft honey brown eyes with round framed glasses. He looked much older than he was in truth. As much as he always wanted to be alone with Allen, he didn't trust Sam to be by himself. So he'd taken Sammy to the bowling alley with them and he was inside playing with the other kids just a little older than Sam. Dean managed to trick Allen into having a cigarette. Dean had stollen a pack of menthols from a connivence store that morning.
"What's going on?" Cas asked. "Who's here?" Sam looked sorrowful and his lips pressed into a thin line. Dean heard a shuffling and turned behind himself to see someone he never expected. Cas followed in suite and all of their gazes were fixed on the woman walking out of the shadows.
"I've never really thought much about it, but," he panted with a little chuckle. "They're hot on you."
Pretty soon both of them were gasping and panting for air, just a breath away from each others lips.
Sam and Eileen both mock "awwwed" and Dean rolled his eyes suppressing his blush. He took his coffee mug back from Cas and when he frowned, Dean ruffled his hair and got up to pour Cas a cup of his own coffee. He sat back down at the table and dug into his food along with the others. They ate mostly in silence and then Sam and Cas teamed up talking about the domino effect Dean had on Cas. All the way from the mission of having Dean and Sam being Michael and Lucifers vessels, him going against his brothers and sisters, falling and fighting a war with Raphael, even purgatory. All of it he did because of Dean.
"Hey!" Dean said from behind him. "More like thank you and the Winchesters. God was a pain in the ass." Cas chuckled a bit at that.
"Go fuck yourself." Dean muttered, flipping Sam off and ignoring his laughter as he left the kitchen. He walked back into the bedroom to find Cas propped up against the headboard, adjusting his sling. "Sorry it took so long," he smiled setting the plate down on Cas's lap. "Sam's an asshole."
With that he hoped into his car and started up the engine. Just as he was shifting gears his phone buzzed again.
When he blinked to full consciousness, he felt Castiel shift, placing hot, wet open mouthed kisses to his neck. His eyes were still closed when Cas kissed up to his jaw, murmuring to coax him out of the sleep he thought he was still in.
"Ah yes I've heard it before," Castiel acknowledged before singing attempting to sing it. "Close your eyes and I'll kiss you, tomorrow I'll miss you,"
"Nothing." Sam shrugged but kept grinning. After a short pause he spoke again, mischief in his tone. "Where's Cas?"
"Don't you get that you are?! By doing this you are hurting him! I've been with Cassie since he was sixteen years old. The kid left his boyfriend back home who he claimed he was in love with. And yet I have never seen him more hurt and heartbroken in my life. So let me tell you something. You've got fourteen hours. You go to him. You sort this shit out. You fix this mess and do whatever it takes to make it right."
"Eileen, I would love to catch up. Care to join me in the library?" Cas asked. She shrugged and signed "sure" following Castiel out of the kitchen. Sam smiled after them and put his hands in his pockets with a happy sigh. He turned his attention back to Dean and moved over to the bench and gestured for him to sit next to him.
"You know you can say it, right. You've fucked me enough times I think you're in the clear for saying gay slurs."
"Yeah. The first time you uh... well our first night in September I cried. I think it's just from the stimulation, cause trust me. That was amazing." He smiled.
Dean took one last look in the mirror with the intention of putting his clothes back on, but then he moved. The smooth slide of the silk was to comfortable for him to want to change out of. So instead he just put his clothes back on over top and wandered around Cas's flat. He watered all his plants before sending Castiel the pictures smiling when Cas typed back.
Sam took one look at their hands and smirked. "I'm surprised Cas likes you before you've had your coffee."
The bottle was almost completely full, and he hadn't gone in for a new prescription. This was the same bottle he got months ago. He stopped taking them.
He told Sam about it and the insolent little shit made fun of him for about an hour about how Dean "actually the had balls?" But in the end Sam had suggested Dean take him out in the Impala to a nice restaurant and then go walk through the city. Dean just now had to work up the courage to ask Cas out again. But luckily Cas was coming over today.
The place smelled rancid and Sam was definitely sure there was some kind of dead carcass rotting up in there. But the place was a bust. They searched for hours, but there was nothing even remotely heavenly or ancient. The closest to ancient they found was the skeleton of a rat stuck in a trap that had to have been at least ten years old. But no halos.
