Nothing came close to Cas’ little sighs of content; nothing came close to the way his body melted under his touch. Nothing came close to having him in his arms, finally.
And Sammy would laugh at his serious face, as he tried to work as best as his little hands could, trying not to get his palms sliced on the sharp edges. They were already full of tiny white scars from the incidents during the years.
?’. And he will not be very articulated around the second cup, words usually come during breakfast or
He violently tugged at the covers, trying to untangle himself from their trap. Dean knew that there was no way his body would allow him to fall back asleep, but he could still try.
“Nah, feathers. I’m with you” he said, flashing his most charming smile at the Angel, to at least try to make it seem like he wasn’t terrified of what was waiting for him, “Let’s go and kick some demon’s ass!”
So, finally, Dean took in the room they had just appeared in; no one seemed to have moved since he had left, when he disappeared right in front of them, which gave him hope that the number of days he had feared were gone by, had yet to pass. Jack was still sitting cross-legged on the cold floor, nervously chewing on the plastic ends of the strings of his grey hoodie, a hand-me-down that Dean himself had passed on the kid a few years back; his complete attention was focused on the ball of fur that rested over his lap, Miracle laying on him, seemingly asleep, as Jack petted him absentmindedly. Rowena was seated at the edge of the devil’s trap, ever the Queen, her posture perfect, outwardly unfazed by her surroundings, if it wasn’t for her gaze, fixed on the flaming bowl that Dean had lit up before vanishing off their collective sights. It was now going out slowly, being put out by some invisible force, as she watched it apprehensively. Sam and Eileen stood nearby as well, leaning against a bookcase with Sam fretting with his hands, an action that Dean hadn’t seen him do in such a long time, not since they were children anxiously waiting for their father’s return, and Eileen rubbing soothing circles on his arm and back, comforting him and silently assuring him that everything would be alright.
For someone who hadn’t exactly been raised to physical affection, not since he was four at least, Dean had always loved the simplicity of a hug. He could hide his face whenever the emotions overtook him, or whenever he didn’t want anyone understanding just how nice it felt to be held. It was shameful, growing up, to feel emotions outside of fear and relief, adrenaline the only hormone that was allowed in his system. John Winchester didn’t tolerate chick moments and Dean tried desperately to fall behind him in line, ever the perfect little soldier.
“I love you, Castiel, with everything I have and am,” he finished, removing his face from its hiding place, uncaring if he had tear-streaked cheeks and puffy eyes. This was Heaven, after all, and he was sure he didn’t look that ugly anyway.
. “When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me forever.”
But he was still a hunter on a job, and once that was done he’d have to move on to the next rather quickly. He had wasted too much time and it wasn’t a good thing. And the Angel had orders to follow, even if they were brutal and inhumane, and Dean was sure he’s also had to move away quickly after wasting too much time on a single case.
“I love you,” he said, voice still muffled on the lapels of Cas’ jacket, uncaring if his back would start hurting soon at the weird angle his body was. He had to say it as soon as he could. He had wasted too long not saying it.
and he didn’t have the words to help Sammy through his own grief. He was pathetic, the moment his brother needed him was also the one when he couldn’t help.
“For us?” Dean asked, his heart soaring up with joy. He had always wanted just this: a place he could rest, with him. But he still asked, needing the confirmation. He couldn’t believe his luck, even after everything he had done to ensure his happiness.
“No." It seemed like it pained him to admit failure and Dean could understand the feeling all too well. The angel probably had orders to follow as well and someone not to disappoint. "My assignment is slightly far from done. Now hold still so I can erase your memories," he said while slowly raising his hand.
At least, if he had to go, he reasoned, he would go with the most precious and perfect sight ever created.
He crossed his arms over his chest, a gesture he had seen many humans do as well in typical situations as the one he was currently in, "I am not
Really, if any of you have stood in between my brother and my now brother in law's powerful eye-fucking sessions, you are entitled to financial compensation from both grooms. Trust me, I know what I’m talking about, and Charlie probably has already estimated how much money they owe us. And I also know ‘cause I was prelaw, before Dad decided to kindly fuck off and led us into a goose chase that ended in shit.
He tried to apologise, joke it off, but there was no point in denying his intention. He did want to marry Cas, especially because it would be incredibly blasphemous just to think about, and he wanted to spend every day of his, of their lives, together. Dean Winchester, the hunter who believed he’d die young in the middle of a fight, wanted to retire from active duty and grow old with his Angel.
Additionally, I also got Sam and Eileen and I get to watch her kick his ass at literally everything on a weekly basis, which is awesome. And, I’m just gonna say it: best Aunt and Uncle ever!
"May I know what you ordered for me?" he asked as soon as the waitress was out of earshot. The hunter merely shrugged and said "Something that you'll like. In case you don't, I'll eat it." The sheer arrogance of that short sentence made him almost want to
Dean, no. I know it’s your wedding, but it’s my speech and this room is already full of your massive ego, you gotta learn how to share the spotlight, man! Seriously! Do you even know how long I’ve had this thing prepared? Why do you think it took us so little to organise the wedding? I, Charlie, Garth and Kevin had had plans for a long time for this day.
“No,” he claimed, once he had managed to somehow fix his bangs. He was definitely taking a page out of Sam’s book, letting it grow a little bit, and he was constantly blowing strands out of his face like some sort of new-age Lola Bunny. “But I heard Claire shout about Garth.”
Dean knew he would not be able to tell anyone, especially not John Winchester, the truth about what had happened, and he knew that he would have to quickly think of a plan to deal with it. He could kill countless monsters, terminate ghosts and now he could add to his resumé “
He had to remind himself that John Winchester wasn’t there. Just because the shadow of his father was constantly looming over him, that didn’t mean that he couldn’t enjoy his temporary freedom whenever he was alone. He was an amazing liar, after all, he just needed to man up and be discrete around certain topics.
He was locked in so tight inside of his mind, that he didn’t even realise the approaching footsteps were getting closer and closer rapidly, until they faltered and stopped altogether. He couldn’t hear anything outside of the ringing in his ears, couldn’t retain a single sound that wasn’t the faint and livid voice of burning shame inside of his head.
"Black to be exact. I suppose we could track her down thanks to your research. Demons are not exactly an intelligent species and they are creatures of habit."
And he was already moving away from him. Not that he blamed him, who would choose someone as broken and devastated as him?
He cared. For the first time in his life, since he had memory, he had someone that cared, that made sure he was fed and warm, instead of letting him fend for himself. He didn’t care because he was good at throwing knives, or because he could take punches and slaps without flinching, or because he was a caretaker, or because he sacrificed his life for others, dying in the middle.
He lived amongst the largest collection of supernatural artefacts and knowledge, had the literal keys to Death’s wards in a dusty old box, hidden on a random shelf in one of their storage rooms.
"There’s a body over there. Doesn’t that mean that the deed is done and that son of a bitch’s gone for good?”
In the meantime, I think we can all agree that we haven’t heard as many embarrassing stories as we liked about these two. Sam’s plan was good, but he got side-tracked. And I think, as Dean’s actual father, and whoever disagrees can see the end of my shotgun after this, I think that I’m very qualified for this job.
The young female was wearing a short, pale blue skirt and a white shirt below her apron, her hair tied up on the top of her head. Her thoughts were simple and clear, one said
He and his siblings did not know of those emotions personally, but after millennia spent watching and guarding humans, Castiel had grown to understand the feelings, at least on an empirical stand-point. He knew what it was supposed to be like.
Unfortunately, his rambling didn’t have the expected effect. Castiel was, once again, tilting his head to the side. That was the last drop. Dean had to be alone with his thoughts for a few seconds to recover, otherwise he’d explode.
“Do,” he just admitted, only to rectify when the former angel made a sound of misunderstanding at his meaning: “I still do, feel like that. And yes, I didn’t know, but not knowing is safer. Besides, when have things gone right for me?”
It was stark, the contrast with the missing tan trench coat, but it made his heart swell nevertheless.
In the end, it was the former angel who replied to her question, being the one who was actually out of sorts: “Yes, I’m fine,” he said, way too quickly for it to be an actual description of his well-being, but satisfying to the others nevertheless, “I feel… different. I… I’ll be fine, thank you. As Sam said, we do have more pressing matters,” he continued to elaborate, smiling strained at Rowena, who simply patted his arm away.
He could sleep for an entire night without being bothered by them, his mind occupied with domestic pieces of a life that he yearned for but that couldn’t have.
Rowena stepped forward, as best as her limitations with the devil’s trap painted on the floor allowed her, and opened her mouth to speak, certainly to assure Dean on yet another foolish quest, looking at him with wary and gentle eyes, but Sam interrupted her before she had gotten even a word out: “So what, you just gave his grace away? That wasn’t yours to deal with!”
“What now?” Cas asked softly, breaking the silence with that delicious voice of his. Dean never wanted to stop listening to his voice.
He just kept on wrapping and preparing him, like he knew Sam was doing upstairs with Kelly’s body. But, unlike his little brother, he knew that he wasn’t just draping his best friend up in some old curtains.
Not that he wanted to: it was a regular occurrence that Sam and Eileen stayed at the bunker, it was still their home as well. The two lovebirds had found and taken over an old bookstore in Lincoln and had moved there almost immediately after defeating Chuck and, while it was relatively close, it was still a two and half hours’ drive, which meant that they stayed overnight every time they swung by the bunker, whether for company, to do research or for family dinners.
He could feel, without turning around, Castiel slowly taking off his coat and suit jacket, loosening his tie, undoubtedly uncomfortable in his newly human body, and rolling his sleeves. It took all of his power to stay rooted on the spot, to not turn around, to not look.
Castiel could have easily chosen to remain in that position for the rest of eternity, he realized without an ounce of regret. But that would not be fair to the Hunter, who had his human life to live to the fullest of extents.
He could clear his head as he passed over houses he didn’t know on streets he had no business at, and, especially as of late, all of his problems seemed easy to solve and small behind the wheel. After all, now that he had retired from active field duty and the biggest scare in his career would be a paper cut while turning old dusty pages, his life had settled into a comfortable routine that monsters couldn’t break down. Especially since he didn’t have to move from place to place, running around like a fool.
It was comforting, knowing that he had a family he cared about and that cared about him, so at odds with all that he had imagined in his future.
“No, just bouncing around the thought with you, but I think Sammy’s gonna be busy on his own adventures with Eileen,” he replied, whispering the last part, like it was a secret between the two of them. His brother had all grown up now and Dean wasn’t as terrified as he once had been at the thought of separating. Not now that he had people he cared about and that cared about him back. “But we can go. You, Miracle, me and Cas?”
Not his forsaken father, not his manipulative siblings, not the sterile Heaven he had been forced to endure. Just the broken man that had been both his demise and salvation. The one he had rescued from Damnation and that had rescued him back.
But, although the sentiment was there, linked with the ability to forever mock his brother over his frowning, he didn’t even have the time to cross over the blinding portal that his knees gave out as they all collectively jumped up in his aid. He had finally crashed down after all the excitement and fear and happiness and dread of the previous days, for the first time in his life feeling each and every one of his years resting on his back.
No one cared if he crashed into a tree, lost consciousness and burned down in the driver’s seat, but someone would care if he ruined the paint job on their own cars ‘cause they parked too close to said fucking tree and a branch might have fallen off, smashing the window, amongst the list of damage he’d cause. They would care then. About the car, not about him.
Hell, if anyone had told 26 years old Dean that in 15 years he’d be this happy, he might call it wishful thinking, alongside of ‘
It took Dean a couple of heartbeats to fully register the Angel’s words. “Hold on a sec there, buddy” he said, sitting up immediately and widening his eyes, “You mean it actually existed?”
A testament that would never see the light of day, a reminder of hope and wishes shattered and lost into the capricious wills of heartless beings.
in a way that was brutal and human and marvellous. Dean clung to his lips, chasing them and never letting them go, holding his breath to not waste a single second of their limited time, and Castiel couldn’t bring himself to care either. Not when the fear and the knowledge of their imminent separation clinging to his being, not when every single thought he had was replaced with
Not to mention that I have several weapons nearby, as does every single person in this room, and I ain’t afraid to shoot you. Again.
And Dean’s heart fully stopped then, or at least it had to. There was no universe in which he might’ve been lucky enough for anything in their conversation to be real, which meant that he must’ve landed in Heaven, living the best version of his reality. Or perhaps, he was locked down in Hell, and that was his torture, forever.
That usually meant that whatever it was, was easy to kill, too easy for his father's expertise; something that would've only wasted his time.
“God, I love you so much!” he exclaimed, returning to his original position, hugging Cas so tight to his body that he couldn’t tell where either ended and the other began.
“I leave for a couple of days and you start summoning cosmic entities without me?” he asked, affronted, as if he already knew the entirety of Dean’s plan. Which he had never divulged, conscious of his brother’s reaction.
The door was still open, ready for him to cross. There would be no turning back now, if he ignored it all he might just be able to pretend that this wasn’t his final goodbye. He might pretend that Cas was back at the bunker, or away somewhere, his perfect and stupid face happy and alive. He could pretend he was alright. That he was going to come back to him, like he always did no matter how untreatable Dean was.
“As if you even need to ask!” he commented, putting on his shirt and leaning down to grab his bag and belt, purposefully pulling an Elle Woods in front of his still shirtless husband.
He had always longed for a normal life, one of those that populated the magazines and tv shows, incompatible with the harsh reality they lived in, with their picket fences and apple pies on the windowsill, and, when he had had the chance to shoot his shot all those years back, it had backfired miserably.
They were still the best hunter in the Universe and the fallen Angel of the Lord they had always been, they still fought and killed and saved lives, but they were also Dean and Cas, who slow-danced in the kitchen as the oven cooked their meals while the radio hummed some song from the main room.
Regarding his surroundings, he exited his Baby, leaving her perfectly parked. The panic he felt when the angel zapped them away was something he didn't want to experience ever again.
Nobody except Dean and Kevin got that reference. Really, babe, even you? I made you watch the Office! Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. You guys need to expand your horizons, ‘cause that was pathetic.
Now, I don’t have something prepared, unlike Sam and Claire did, but seeing what happened to your brother, maybe it’s for the best. So, buckle up, son, you and Castiel are gonna hear some sweet things.
He had always been beautiful, so much that it hurt to look at him for too long. Especially when he had to keep his heart quiet, ignoring the way it roared at him to get closer. But here, surrounded by his angelic grace, with the calmest and most content expression Dean had ever seen on his face, he looked every bit the angel he was. He had understood why humanity was so enchanted with angels the moment he had first seen him. He understood all of the paintings and all of the poems.
The following day he got out of bed alone, without daring to disturb his hunter’s sleep. He knew that the best thing, for both of them, would be to disappear, to leave him alone. But he had become selfish since knowing the eldest Winchester, he felt and wanted and yearned.
They had wasted too much time pretending and pining in silence and Dean wasn’t going to make the same mistake twice.
And now, he could share his knowledge, albeit with a less clumsy kid and, hopefully, with a lot less blood and injuries.
They had divided after leaving the little diner, Castiel zapping away somewhere to scan the area for the demon, effectively leaving Dean alone with his mind for the first time that day. He was reaching back and forth between the new information he had just received, adding it to his previous research and his previous knowledge mentally. He’d file it all on his wall of evidence when he’d get to the motel, but focusing on it helped him not get too lost in his thoughts.
“Yes, you are. Your heart rate went up to 120 beats a minute and you started to talk nonsense about female anatomy. I cannot understand the reason behind such stress.”
The sight was quite singular and familiar all in one: broken pieces of furniture and glass scattered on the floor, typical; a strange cylindrical-ish shaped knife that seemed both practical and impractical at the same time, unorthodox but rather common; the body of the thing he had tracked down there with several superficial wounds that were not bleeding, although they seemed rather deep. Definitely weird and freaky.
He loved his husband dearly, with every single atom of his body and soul, but he was first and foremost an Angel of the Lord and he had destroyed his beloved kitchen one too many times trying to make
A sudden loud crash put his mind out of the bitter memories, bringing him back to a present where John Winchester was long gone, yet his actions still weren’t. His poisonous teachings were still holding him back, his cruel words still twisted in his chest like a knife.
his mind screamed at Castiel, for once wishing to be read. The plan actually worked as the angel was now looking at him with a perplexed and slightly hurt expression. Dean then sighed, running again a hand through his messy hair, before saying: "Listen, Cas. Never say something like that in front of me ever again or I'll stab ya. Again. I take my pie very seriously."
Dean closed his eyes, shutting out his rapidly blurring vision as it locked in tight with the angry red lines painted on the floor. His chest began to heave out of control as he slowly fell to his knees, unable to hold his own against the war that was raging inside his brain, still with his hands clasped on the old stool, his only anchor to reality.
shebang, but he was a straight cisgender man on thin ice due to all the flannels he kept on wearing, so his opinion didn’t count.
And so, as he had gotten up to aid Dean transporting the plates to the table, waiting for Sam and Jack to join them, he had to force himself to utter nonsense about how he was still an Angel of the Lord, about how human customs did not apply to him, about why would he need to abide the laws od mortals when he was a celestial creature, about how they still had a world to save and a role to play.
Suddenly his voice started to work again and he took full advantage of it to scream at the angel and try to escape him. “No, don’t you fucking dare..!”, he couldn’t even finish the sentence that he was again being zapped away, nausea hitting him twice as hard.
He stopped on his tracks. The demon was weakened by the formula and yelled at each word, but managed to utter pieces of sentences that Dean wanted only to forget in between breaths. He stared at her before the last row of words. Demons lie, that much he had always known from every piece of media and literature he had ever read, the lied and manipulated and deceived.
The hunter blushed bright red and once again Castiel could not detect the emotion behind such action.
Plus, he had had to go all the way and declare his affection and his deepest secrets, so that had been fun!
“I see you have arisen” Castiel greeted, his deep voice adding to Dean’s distressed state. He flopped back down on the bed, hand and gun hanging to the side, as he closed his eyes and willed his blood to stop moving downwards so quickly.
"You could simply not follow me. I am confident I will succeed in my mission even without your assistance. "
It was better like this, he reasoned as he felt his soul leave his body. He had no way of knowing what would come next and, for once, he didn’t need to prepare for the worst. Because there would be no worst and that was the only consolation Dean needed to finally rest in peace and tranquillity.
How come a small ant-like the Hunter managed to figure a pattern in the demon’s activity in the town while he had not made a single progress since coming into the scene?
“This is better, isn’t it?” he asked once Castiel’s hands had made their way under his shirt, softly tracing the countless scars he knew were there.
A memory of similar screaming appeared in his head, something that inhabited his nightmares and his deepest fears.
per se, he had still thrown a wrench in their Heavenly plans one too many times. He doubted they’d let him set a foot on their white floors anytime soon.
The hunter was nervous. That much could be understood even without hearing his stream of thoughts, which was something Castiel was not doing. He did not think his companion would have appreciated him inside his mind and therefore he was keeping himself respectfully out.
Jack had lost one of his fathers, the one that had always had faith in him. Sam had lost one of his oldest friends, the one that had been with them the longest, sticking around when everything was hopeless.
His mind was momentarily occupied, choosing to focus entirely on that feeling instead of replying, but he eventually did. “That would be correct. Or you could send a letter.” Castiel did not know much about letters, but he had always been fascinated by the Postal Service. It would not be a bad thing to get accustomed to it, he reasoned.
Finally, he raised his head to look at him, reading concern in his deep blue eyes. Dean wouldn't help himself: he began laughing at the scene uncontrollably, leaning back to fully lay on the bed. Castiel looked even more confused than before.
“I have a motel room. That’s where I’m staying. I suppose you probably live somewhere fancier, don’t you?” he asked the angel.
"No funny business when we go in. It's a little bit messy, but don't you dare touch my stuff. Everything is in its place and if you move something I won't find it. Capish?"
When they had begun their research, Dean felt confident. He had managed to have a freaking Angel agree with him, after all, so he must’ve been doing something right.
‘Cause one thing’s for certain and it’s that it wasn’t for the best. I got turned into a fucking werewolf, no offence Garth! So, you can see why that wasn’t
He had always thought, back in his youth, that he had only one father and that it was best to keep him in his life, no matter how much it hurt him to follow orders blindly. But, like Jack, he had more dads than most. And Bobby Singer was the best father he could have wished for, Dean had realised as he drew from his lessons to raise his own son.
They both knew that the Empty existed and that perished angels and demons went there, once they died, and they didn’t need some old pompous bastard telling them about the empirics of the process. What they needed was a starter, some spell that could lead them in there, a key of sorts. Anything would have been better than reading whether or not they were a material place or purely spiritual, inaccessible in both instances.
He didn’t really know how long he had been on the road, nor in which direction he was headed. All he knew was the roaring of the engine beneath him and the road in front of him, accompanied by the thunder in his head.
“Why are you telling me this now?” He watched as the hunter’s eyes began to swell with tears, as he blinked them away furiously. Castiel could only imagine the strain of the thoughts that were occupying his mind at the moment, could imagine the pain he was causing and the sorrow he was about to bring down on his beloved.
“I’m going to grab a bucket and a mop,” Castiel said from behind him, his tone even and collected, if not resigned. Those had been the first words that had been directly spoken at him, without anyone else hearing, besides his initial ‘
He knew that he was being unfair and salty, but couldn’t care. Sam had gotten everything he had ever wanted, with little to no consequences, and now he had also found Eileen, who was amazing and incredible and perfect for him. And he knew, deep down, that he shouldn’t have been envious of their relationship, but Dean couldn’t stop himself from comparing them with him and Cas, who never even had the chance to happen freely.
“Quite an unfortunate situation, I must say. His mission was almost compromised by. But, in the end,
Dean wanted to believe them, had believed them, for a while. For the time necessary to win, to fight, to stay alive.
It had become somewhat harder, to keep his emotions hidden and at bay. They were so utterly human and wrong compared to his stoic grace, and they had caused him pains and problems during his time with the Winchesters. First due to his lack of knowledge and of recognition in their regards and then in his lack of action once he figured out exactly why it would feel nice to be around the hunter, uncaring of all the grim spots of self-loathing and traumatic experiences in his magnificent soul.
It had been a dream of his, especially since Sammy had left to try and do just that. And it seemed possible around Castiel. But in the real world dreams were nothing.
and that he wasn’t a girl, therefore he shouldn’t act like one. He could feel the burning imprint on his face, as he remembered how he couldn’t stop crying over how unfair the world was, before he learnt just how truly awful it might be.
And so they worked in silence. Dean knew he was being selfish, he knew that Sam had also lost a friend, but Castiel was
in his description, the chapter gave a theoretical spell alongside the recollection of what to expect on the other side, meant to open a portal to the Empty’s dimension, which the author then proceeded to define as cold and void, that gave out a sense of claustrophobia even though there were no visual limits and borders. It made sense, for someone to not find anything when the Empty was still asleep, unbothered by thousands of millennia, with all of their inhabitants quiet as well, in their preferred state.
Instead, he simply calmly exposed the facts that laid on the table, literally, despite the hunter being too strict with himself to notice: “We do not need to research anymore. Look, you have already identified the perfect formula. We can plan the attack tomorrow after you wake up. There is no need for you to torture yourself like this.”
“Of course, I have! Have you met me? And I would never get a spell second-hand from someone who got possessed by the Devil, I’m better than that!” he replied, losing his internal battle about maintaining calm and poise, and all but screaming at his brother, arm still raised up, ready to begin the chant one way or another. “I am 90% overthinking, Sammy. Trust me, I know what I’m doing!”
But, of course, the world was burning and dying and there was nothing to do anymore. Just sit there and wait for the show.
And he decided that he would be fine, that he would just need to keep his mouth shut, his feelings locked in tight, as he had done for so long. Just because he had a tiny crush on his former angelic best friend, it didn’t mean that it should be spoken about. For all Dean knew, the feeling might be fleeting, might pass as easily as it had come.
She was now face to face with him, her eyes seemed to pierce into his soul in a very non-pleasant way. “Perhaps, like this, next time you see Castiel and he sees you, you will not know each other and you’ll refrain from stepping all over our plans.”
Castiel had gone around the room, hugging and being hugged by their family, and now, the joy had left its place to confusion, for fear, for doubt. And, while Jack might have been able to supply all of the missing answers that Dean hadn’t given just yet, too lost in his own head, he knew that it would be best if he was the one speaking.
and then proceed to badly mouth along with the lyrics, butchering it with his raspy voice and making Dean’s heart swell and grow a tenfold.
“Dean” Castiel called, urgency in his voice. He finished the words and stared at the girl as a black mass of smoke emerged from her mouth, the motion so similar to vomiting yet so inhumane.
But in the end, he had left nevertheless. And who could blame him, an Angel of the Lord, perfect in every way, for it, when even John Winchester couldn’t stomach to be around his son for too long? His father had, more than once, admitted of having to take a break from him and his constant messing.
His companion chuckled and went back to his eating as well, leaving a dense yet comfortable silence around their table.
And the Empty, they were the only justifiable ones. He had woken them up, he had caused them pain, and it was only fair for Castiel to bargain with his life for Jack’s.
One thing he liked about his Uncle, was that he didn’t drink himself to sleep almost every night. He didn’t raise his voice at them, he didn’t force them to dig graves on their fucking birthdays, he didn’t belittle them for getting a good grade, ‘cause that shit didn’t matter. But he couldn’t be with his Uncle, so he should be thankful for living the way he did. For living at all.
He passed a hand over his face, breathing slowly and closing his eyes. “I’ll read everything I can find on exorcisms and such. We’re doing this right” he said, staring deeply at Castiel with a resolution that he had never seen before.
He casually walked towards his rented room, cool on the outside and freaking out on the inside. His mind was still wrapping around all that shit that Castiel had casually dumped on him. Not that he would ever admit it. He was afraid of losing even one of his memories, including the bad ones. Plus, he was curious to see how this little adventure was gonna end.
Still, Castiel kneeled on the hard ground of the bunker, letting the cold tiles take his warmth as he looked up at his beloved. He had feared that the gesture might have felt minimal, wrong,
“I am not used to the consumption of alcoholic beverages and I believe neither is my vessel” he answered his knowing smile, chest puffed out in pride as he managed to let himself into an upright position without stumbling too much.
', as you kindly called it, is the way we move from place to place. I warned you it would not be pleasant to your human body. I believe it caused you a migraine and several other unpleasantness."
“And I love you, Dean,” Castiel said back, teary-eyed as well, as he gently caressed his cheeks again, stroking his thumbs over the wrinkled skin as his mouth broke in another blinding smile.
“The famous Dean Winchester,” a voice called from everywhere and nowhere at once. And, sure enough, in front of him, they appeared, seated on top of a throne, towering over him menacing and welcoming at the same time, a paradox that shouldn’t have been possible.
He had interrupted the Angel before he could finish the sentence. He had chuckled, remembering how he himself had had asked John Winchester the same thing when he was five years old. He had decided, then, to give the Angel the same reply his old man had used: “
Sam’s eyes softened at that, as if he was just now beginning to understand Dean’s situation. He still doubted, especially with all that was unspoken between him and his Angel, but the sentiment warmed him up still. The knowledge, at the back of his head, that his brother might approve and accept him, if he only was brave enough to share his part.
He had known from both Castiel and Jack that the Shadow could take on different faces of those that populated them, but they had somehow settled on Meg Master’s, for whatever reason. Truth to be told, Dean’s blood did start to boil when Cas recounted that little detail. He still hadn’t forgotten the short-lived affair between the angel and the demon and, while he could make absolutely no claim of his own, he was still jealous of what they had.
Dean couldn’t help himself from laughing, holding onto the dog and cuddling the beast. How could have he forgotten! He had taken him home once everything had settled down, forcing Sam to go and get all the necessary supplies while he and Miracle made a trip to the vet to check him out. He was terrified of another bad news, of another tragedy, but Miracle was in perfect health and acquainted himself with the bunker straight on.
Yet, his traitorous mind tainted his vision, making doubt and shame creep over his face. That nasty voice just wouldn’t stop talking, pouring venom in his brain and torturing him from the inside.
If it wasn’t for the support system Jody and I had with each other to help us through their mutual pining, and for her telling me that no, I was not crazy, it was real and in broad daylight for anybody to see, but them apparently, I would’ve definitely locked myself up in a psych ward. Again.
“Good, although I did wonder why nobody showed up to get me up here. Making me do all the work myself,” he joked, playfully shoving Cas’ shoulder with his and casually leaning his head there, making it rest on the spot. He closed his eyes for good measure, enjoying the way Cas’ body seemed to radiate heat and love.
To add fire to the explosion, said Angel had swung an arm around Dean’s waist and was now clinging to him for dear life, heat radiating from the place Castiel’s hand rested cosily on his hip while his hand held tight Dean’s shirt. He had desperately tried not to think too hard about it.
Nevertheless, he could easily drive around clearing his head during the day, while still being productive, so that his brain wouldn’t eat him up for being a lazy asshole that deserved nothing. All he had to do was letting Baby take him wherever he needed to go, trusting her with his life.
He moved towards it, to check if it was alive or had bitten the dust, and to test it for silver or fangs or literally anything that came into his mind. Nothing tested positive. Not that he was foolish enough to believe it would.
"Fine! But your name's a mouthful. Is Cas okay? Tiel doesn't sound that nice but we could make it work. Or maybe Cassie?" he finished the sentence with a wink. Although the thought of that name brought a rather bad set of memories, he wouldn't have minded calling him that. Or anything. He wouldn't have minded keeping talking to him, period.
Castiel closed his eyes and breathed heavily, letting the situation sink under his vessel and reach his soul.
The thing is: I still have nightmares and I’m so glad I moved out of the bunker straight after Cas got back, ‘cause my brain already needs bleach from all I had to endure in the past decade, nay in my entire life. I don’t wanna risk having to claw my eyes out myself ‘cause someone forgot to put a sock on the handle.
“Believe it or not, Dean, but I do wish not to harm an innocent, as I had guaranteed you earlier. You do not seem to understand how easy it would be for me to simply complete my mission without you meddling.”
The only reason that might have made sense, would be if your lives were being broadcasted on a television series! What are you two? Dragon Ball or Naruto? Which, in actuality, now that I think of it, is very close to the reality of the events: Chuck was, after all, busy writing your entire lives for his own amusement and entertainment. I am merely glad you lot got to
The answer is simple: my asshole dumbass brother was closeted. And I didn’t have that many suspicions.
I mean, seriously, dude! Peanut butter and fucking tuna is not a good combination on any single level of creation and I do not care if you are the All-Mighty, you are so wrong. There’s a reason why Dean had to put a sign on the kitchen door that says: ‘
’, usually reserved for whenever Sam came disturbing them before his first coffee, and somewhere inside Castiel’s brain, he had decided to apply the same method to the cosmic entity who was Heaven bent in their termination.
Dean wanted to wait until the last possible minute, he wanted to believe that his prayers had been answered, he wanted something. He needed something.
Dean had to admit that they made a very pretty picture and he almost wished he had his phone at hand, snapping on the camera to make the memory of their reactions last longer. If given the chance, he would have definitely commissioned a portrait of their faces, all worried about his safety.
Dean had prayed to Jack all night, that first day, begging for a sign that he was back, that he was alright, that they would’ve met again. All that he had gotten back in the morning was a single white flower, placed on his pillow, next to his head. It was a miracle, really, how he hadn’t crumpled it in his tossing and turning during his sleep, in his restlessness. It was perfect and at the perfect time.
When Billie was around, she always told him that her most fervent wish would be to just send him away, in neither of those places. It was way too easy coming back from there and she liked for things to stay dead. Instead, she would chuck him and Sam in the middle of the Universe and just leave them there, for eternity. She would have created a limbo just for the two of them, or maybe she would have sent them into the Empty, to remain asleep and harmless to her plans.
“What would you prefer?” Castiel asked, unsure of what would be acceptable. He had no idea of how to action the electronical device the hunter had pointed at and he was confident that their work had reached his final step, which could wait a couple of hours to be executed.
“I love this song!” he yelled happily, laughing at how effortlessly blissful he was. It was just so easy, being happy with Cas.
“She’s coming” Castiel uttered, bringing him out of his mind, just in time for him to scatter away to a corner an disappear in the shadows as well as he could.
Still, Dean felt like he should have replied nevertheless: “Yeah, it’s fine, buddy, but don’t talk about my brother when you have your tongue down my throat.”
“Yeah, no, I get it. I mean. Usually, after a hunt, I go get shitfaced and I just…” he trailed off, flunking his hands around in circular motion, as if Castiel was supposed to continue the conversation on his part.
One of the only places he felt completely safe was behind the wheel, which was still accurate from his childhood, and his Baby was still one of the best things that had ever happened to him, Cas included. Besides, he was in a much better space now than he was at 16, or at 26, or even a year prior.
The bartender had approached them slowly, carefully watching as Castiel seemed lost and was watching intensely the light reflect off the bottles. To Dean, who had just spent two days with the Angel and now knew his mannerism, it was endearing and so incredibly cute, but to a stranger, especially one used to be around drunken people, it was probably a sign that they had taken too far.
He wasn’t really used to letting himself go in any way, not before Castiel came into his life with a storm and sparkles at least.
He tried not to think too much about him, but failed miserably. He had just seen the dude eat his first burger and the image was burned on his eyelids forever, no turning back now! Except that the
“This way, the next time I am assigned a mission in the area I will not have to introduce myself again. I did particularly enjoy working with you, Dean. You are an extraordinary hunter.”
Instead of launching himself straight into the process of drawing weird and archaic symbols with his blood then and there, Dean chose for once in his life to be cautious, retorting to sending a copy of the spell to Rowena, the Queen of Hell on his speed dial being more than welcoming with her help.
The old man had just slipped it into his hand a couple of months before he got killed, silently and without comment. His only reply at Dean’s confusion, when he had told him that it was best to give it to Sam, since he was the one who would get out, was: “
It made sense, now that he thought about it: vampires and werewolves and djinns and ghosts and shapeshifters, they all existed. It was logical that other supernatural entities were real or, at least, had once existed. Dinosaurs were a thing after all, and they were huge!
And when he had come back, Dean’s life had been alright again. He had his best friend back from the dead, all thanks to the demonic little kid who didn’t seem so bad after all.
Cas would probably need to help him, his knees had finally given out after years of use. It was a shame they didn’t have Bobby’s wheelchair anymore, but he reasoned they could find one pretty easily and then Cas would push him around in their hunts, some sort of payback for him dragging the Angel around the country.
He was just so concentrated in the way his hands were working, fixing the buttons of his flannel that were perfect, yet always seemed crooked, and checking the bandaging on his hand, making sure that his wound had closed and stopped bleeding, while he tried to sort through his head for a ladder to get out of the mental hole he had been digging with his overthinking, that he didn’t even realise that all around him there was quiet now.
“I meant it you as in you. Dude’s hot but you’re pretty inside” Dean admitted before being able to process his own words. Heavy drinking while knowing that he was pretty much head over heels had been definitely a terrible idea.
"I put wards around the entire perimeter, this way she will not be able to leave. She also has to look for a new vessel to inhabit in order to not remain in a gaseous, semi-solid form."
His Uncle and his father had argued and fought and yelled and he knew, deep down, that it was his fault. After all, it was always his fault. It was his fault Sammy had gotten a cold, it was his fault the motel had cockroaches, it was his fault what happened to their mother.
Out of every possibility he had thought about and calculated before they entered Death’s Realm, their current situation wasn’t on the list.
Because now he knew that he could lay his claim on the former angel, just as Castiel had done on him all those years prior in Hell.
One moment he was leaning against a wall, waiting for the bell to ring, to tell him to get into the classroom, and the next he was on the ground, his vision black and his breaths rushing out of him. There were voices all around him, he was aware of that, yet he couldn't do anything. His mind was spiralling down, fear crept on him, and all of the possible scenarios of why his father had hung up on him abruptly took a dark turn.
He did not understand what the hunter was talking about, but judging by the seriousness of his speech and the gravity in his tone, he decided not to push the situation. They had lost already too much time and he was supposed to finish his mission quickly.
?” Sam asked, the panic rising in his voice barely audible and discernible from his usual tone, to a non-trained ear. But Dean knew by heart every single change in pitch that his brother did, no matter how minimal or quiet it was, and he rushed with his reply, reassuring and calming: “I mean that the Shadow did say that, after the explosion, all of their previous occupants were now awake and so they just… removed them!”
Luckily, Jack seemed to share his sentiment, suppressing a yawn with his hand, causing Dean to laugh with him as they both got up at the same time.
He had been right, of course, seeing how terrified and ready to throw everything in the air he looked. “Okay, who called you?” he inquired, looking directly at Jack.
And now, he was working on his own happiness, doing what he loved with the people he loved, happily married to the love of his life and with a network of people that cared about him, not because he was a Winchester and a damn good hunter, but because he was
He had been so incredibly mistaken; he had thought in the same moment he realised how deeply his feelings ran. His wasn’t just a crush on some untouchable celestial being so far out of his league he couldn’t see him properly.
“He’s my dentist! I don’t wanna get on his bad side!” Claire fired back, hugging her phone to her chest with the least apologetic expression ever.
He shot a quick text to his father, telling him that he was ready to jump into the next job. He knew that John Winchester would grill him for taking so long and would want to know everything that had happened, if only to tell Dean how many mistakes he had done. He would have to skim over some details, completely avoiding any mention of Castiel’s vessel, but he could do it.
But lately, he hadn’t had the need to chase the bottoms of bottles, to get lost in the way the liquid burned his throat and wiped his mind clean, void of thought, even for a short while.
.” The voice was almost drowned by the thousands of opposing ones, reminding him how stupid he had been and how idiotic it would be for him to believe all that nonsense, but, somehow, Dean managed to cling to it, letting it be his lighthouse in the sea of self-deprecation he always had to deal with.
They moved in tandem, exchanging breaths and small gasps. Somehow, his loosened tie was taken off his neck, his trench coat long forgotten on the floor next to them, alongside the Hunter’s jacket. They lost each other in the fluid motion of entwining, arms wrapping around Castiel’s neck to bring him closer, fingers digging in his hair as he was unable to process his own actions and sounds.
Dean looked up at Jack, removing his eyes from Castiel’s unresponsive body for the first time since he brought him back. His kid was kneeling next to him and he probably would have noticed him, if he wasn’t so lost in his pitiful mind. He silently watched as he moved his hand, slowly, as if he was terrified of the possible outcomes. For someone who had all the powers in the entire Universe, Jack was still too young and inexperienced to have all that weight resting on his shoulders.
“Well, goodbye, Cas. Goodbye, Kelly. Goodbye, Crowley. Goodbye, Mom.” That was all he managed to say, blocking all images of Cas out of his mind. Better to do this quickly, better to ignore the gnarling pain inside of him, better to keep it all locked down.
Dean whipped around immediately. He blurted out a quick “What?” as his mind tried to understand the true meaning of his words. Perhaps he wanted to work alone, take advantage of the books he had brought without the human distracting and annoying him.
He didn't set the kitchen on fire with Jack trying to bake me a birthday cake, which was inedible, but still wonderful and touching.
They simply leaned forward, peering down at him with curiosity, rooting Dean on the spot. He doubted that he would be able to move freely with their gaze on, scrutinizing his every breath. “You’re bold, I’ll give you that. I assume you’re here for a reason, aren’t you?”
He returned his face to the crook of Cas’ neck for good measure, sighing deeply and happily as his Angel rubbed his back, smoothing out the aching muscles.
He always thought that he had enough bullets, and yet monsters kept on overpowering him. He always thought he knew his own limits, and yet he kept on breaking down his own barriers for the people he loved. He always thought that Castiel couldn’t reciprocate, because he was an angel of the Lord and love was a very human emotion, but his Angel just loved to prove him wrong.
Dean tried to speak, to apologise, to beg for forgiveness, but his voice gave out at the mere thought of whispering the other’s name. He didn’t deserve any of that, after all. And so, he kept on staring directly into Castiel’s deep blue eyes, drowning into them and holding into them at the same time.
The rough features on the hunter's face softened. He merely nodded once, before quickly telling him the number of a room he already knew. He flew there without warning.
He’d have to go grocery somewhere in the near future, but, for now, he’d be fine with the little he had at his disposition, used to making do with what he could find.
It was such a stark contrast, between their first kiss and this, their last. The first one had been a natural act, as natural as breathing, it had been calm and collected and thought of. Castiel himself had dreamed of that moment countless of times, before it had finally happened, after one of their many nightly conversations, when they were both happy and comfortable in each other’s presence, even more so than usual.
training that had kicked in while his brain had decided to take a short cut at the stranger's voice, but those only hit the wall after the creature had vanished once more.
"You do not need to do anything, Dean. I can simply appear directly inside of the room and disappear without having anyone see me, if that is what concerns you."
As soon as the semaphore turned, he hit the gas and drove as fast as Baby could, sprinting on the pavement, equally excited and scared at his discovery.
“I am. You know, ghost hunting, monster-killing guy. That’s my job," he said with a refined cockiness he didn’t know he had in himself.
His father needed him more than the opposite. He could survive alone, his old man couldn’t: he was good with weapons, he had more than decent tracking skills and, most importantly, he could take care of his little brother. Nothing mattered in his life, his father had taught him, nothing but his little brother. And Sammy was his responsibility, whether he liked it or not.
Optimism, he’d need optimism. Something that he had never once had in his life, his vision always grim and dark, tainted by the harsh reality he lived in. But then, Cas had appeared out of nowhere, taking in stride all of his stabbings and putting up with his bullshit, giving him the opportunity to see the world through different lenses. Removing his red glasses that only showed anger and sorrow, and replacing them with kinder ones, pink stained, still aware of all of the ugly their Universe could use against them, but softening each blow with his presence. And he had tried to fight it, used only to violence and agony, but Cas had been so patient with him, building a broken man out of his shards and restoring him to his prime, making him better with his touch.
He smiled at the feeling, slowly shaking his head to test his theory. Of course Castiel wouldn’t leave him to be completely hungover.
, as the kids call it; I also ate a sandwich that Cassie had painstakingly and meticulously prepared for himself after he returned to his Grace.
He lived each day as if it was his last, each hunt as if it was his final one. He loved more passionately than any human Castiel had ever encountered, but he fully believed he was unlovable and damaged, which couldn’t have been further from the truth. And Castiel had spent every waking moment trying to make him understand just how wrong he had been.
“Wait, there is…” he began. He watched as Dean’s eyes widened imperceptibly, his attention full on Castiel’s words as they both ignored Death’s constant knocking. As if either of them could forget.
"I happen to know that those are her preferred pronouns. Demons, and Angels as well, do not properly have a gender. We are, by definition, fluid beings. I myself have been granted permission to use many vessels throughout my life, not only male ones but also females and, on several occasions, neither or both."
But, sure enough, his memory was lacking some important pieces from the previous days, he realised when a massive beast jumped on his bed and started lapping at his face. He was momentarily pulled down on his back by the sheer amount of dog strength, bracing himself as Miracle made himself comfortable on his sternum.
“So, here’s the plan,” he explained, gesturing to the table full of books and scrambled notes, “We go to bed now, it’s getting pretty late, and, in the morning, we split all those books that I haven’t even touched yet, we get back to searching and we find a way to get Castiel back, alright? ‘Cause me and him have a little bit to talk about, with some unfinished business, to keep this PG. And then, off we go to our well-earned vacation.”
,' where his mind would go on the road as faint music that was his and at the same time wasn’t played on the radio stations he grew up listening to. He would black out and drive without noticing the miles, it was a miracle that he didn’t crash into anyone or anything. That he didn’t run his car down a ditch or through a house that was just off a turn and that couldn’t be missed easily but that somehow he had missed anyway, too wrapped up in his fantasy.
He hastily kicked the covers out of the way, hand hovering over the gun on his nightstand, refusing to hold it just yet. There might have been a small chance that his memory was simply hazy and foggy, that it was just Sam coming back from his ungodly run at the crack of dawn, if only it wasn’t for the fact that he clearly remembered Sam leaving the previous morning to go to Eileen’s and staying the night there. And, sure, he might have come back early, but his instincts told him otherwise.
Again with the head tilt. "Nothing. Don't worry about it. Now, wanna head back to the motel so I can show you my perfect and accurate and awesome research?" He said while emphatically wiggling his brows.
Indeed, the kid rose his hands up, freezing them in the air under Dean’s accusatory gaze: “I only said I was back, for good this time!” he said, turning his head from Dean to Sam and vice versa, unsure of what to do.
But every Franz Ferdinand must die somehow, every single vase must overflow with one single drop, everything must come to an end.
And, Dean, while our detour was fun while it lasted, I am glad you found your way back to your angel. It was kind of depressing knowing that even with the Mark doing its course, you still wanted only him. Don’t you agree?
"Are you kidding me?! I'm a hunter." he said proudly, "I've seen several of those at different stages. Plus some other pretty disgusting stuff as well."
Yet, he couldn’t. He wasn’t strong enough, the man who had fought God and won, succeeding in avoiding every single apocalypse that got put in his path, wasn’t strong enough to tell the voice of his father to go fuck itself, that he was tired of hearing the same hypocritical bullshit that he had to deal with throughout his childhood, that still haunted him in his adulthood.
“He’s still stuck in the Empty, probably giving them a headache as we speak,” Dean joked, hoping to ease the tension that had just been created, “I just figured that there must be a way to pull him back here, somewhere in these books. I mean, there’s literally everything here so, I’d be surprised of the contrary.”
Part of him wanted to collapse on top of Castiel, burying his head in the lapels of his jacket and remaining there until the sun stopped shining, letting all his emotions out, all of the fear and happiness and rage and hurt and despair and love and pain, hiding there as the weight of his entire life finally crashed down onto him. He was thankful for his seated position; he would have definitely fallen otherwise, as relief permeated every corner of his being. He wanted to yell out in happiness, for his love was back and they were finally free and suddenly the world didn’t seem such a terrible and dark and twisted place.
Castiel noted, wondering why he had not managed to retain that particular information earlier. It gave him an older attitude, so at odds with his young age.
His only regret was leaving his little brother behind, after all of those years when he had to be both Father and Mother to him. But, at least, he knew that he wasn’t alone.
Because he was happy. He finally had everything he had always dreamed about, a home, a great and wide family, and the love of his life by his side, until the very End.
And, for once in his cursed life, he wanted to be selfish, to be greedy. He wanted something he had never dared to hope and dream about.
Which had been the main reason behind his ally-ship with the hunter: he did not want to spill useless blood.
that bitch angel had said. As if it needed to be said, he already knew all of that. Dean didn’t need the reminder, he lived his life and he knew who he was.
This, being behind the wheel of the Impala, he could handle. Step by step he might've also been able to grasp the full picture in front of him, but for now, he was content just being there.
“What do you say, son, you think we’ll be able to get him back?” he asked once they were in front of Jack’s room, Miracle running off to the one Castiel had taken for himself. The dog had decided, that very first day, that he was going to sleep on that bed and literally nowhere else in the entire bunker, and, so far, he had taken residence amongst the remaining trench coats and ties that Dean hadn’t moved to his own wardrobe yet.
He didn’t have to answer, the Shadow just kept on staring him down, as if challenging him to stand his ground. And he knew better than to fall for the traps of someone as ancient and as powerful as them, at least not again.
’ the kind voice in his mind whispered reassuringly as he almost finished with the weirdly shaped letters inside. It was really weird, for once he felt confident and calm, as calm as one could be minutes away from facing a freaking demon, stuff that was not exactly ordinary even in his usual life.
I was there, after all, the night you two met after he raised your ass from Hell. I wanted to scream at you to stop flirting with him.
“What are you willing to do?” they asked eventually, staring off into an invisible distance, indistinguishable from the rest of the darkness and nothingness that engulfed them. One thing Dean knew, for sure, their name was spot on. “How far would you go to save the one you love? You’re so in love with the angel Castiel and he reciprocates so much, it is the reason for both your demises! It’s poetic, don’t you agree? He saved you and he damned himself in doing so. And now, here you are! Standing in front of me with all your tiny might, bold enough to ask for him back. Tell me, Dean Winchester, Messenger of God’s destruction. At what extreme will you throw yourself, to get your angel back?”
He hung up, not bothering to listen in case his eldest son had something more to say. Not bothering saying '
…Balthazar, for the love of everything that is good and holy in this fucked up Universe that Amara rebuilt from scratch from Chuck’s destruction. What the actual fuck do you mean the Cartwright Twins, minor league Canadian Baseball team.
The house was tidy and cosy, and it definitely belonged to a while lady: cushions everywhere, ornamental ones that had no purpose at all other than being cute and aesthetic; self-help books and plants everywhere. Conveniently for them, there was a carpet on the entryway, a circular beige one that was hideous but still somehow managed to blend in with the atmosphere.
And Dean had then reached back with one hand still on the steering wheel just as they entered the I-70, managing to catch the book in the exact moment it fell down, keeping it open and using his finger as a makeshift bookmark, before grabbing an old receipt that was laying around and sticking it in between the pages to keep the kid’s place. Jack had complained one too many times about how annoying it was to not know exactly on which page he had stopped reading and Dean just wanted to avoid the extra stress, doing everything he could to make his kid’s life easier.
“Now, you understand why Castiel cannot remain an angel,” they just stated, a matter of fact, a non-negotiable point in their contract.
“Don’t worry,” Bobby continued, turning to look back at him, “you’ll have time to see everyone again. The whole gang is here. Rufus lives down that road, not far, and he’s always back here bothering me about gardening tools. Somehow he managed to bag Aretha, that old git! Don’t know how, though.”
How weird it was, to know that both he and his brother had died more than once and would probably die some more before it was their final time.
And, whenever he needed to bitch about Karen that brought store-bought cupcakes to the PTA meeting, with her cheetah print dress and fake designer handbag and her horribly blended foundation that was three shades darker, as she passed them as homemade despite having met him at the store when she bought them, he could. And he did. To his husband, nonetheless. To his Angel husband who had then commented on her recipe with the same demeanour he once used to command armies, tasting every single bit of the additives the company put to make sure they didn’t rot on the shelves and listing them in their chemical name, as the label said were there, in front of all the other PTA ladies, publicly shaming the scammer while looking delicious doing so.
That had, indeed, been the last of Dean’s worries. As if Jack, the new god, the new ruler of everything, would have let him go anywhere else once,
Technically I didn’t, ‘cause I was dead and in my place there was AU Charlie, which sounds straight out of fanfiction!
Nobody would notice if he disappeared, he reasoned as he sped up on dark roads, without a single destination in mind that wasn’t simply
Dean’s story had to start with a little bit of acquired happiness, otherwise, he would have never recovered from the loss of his best friend. From the loss of the only person that knew him better than himself. From the loss of the love of his life.
Dean immediately sprinted to the other side of the room: “You keep your filthy paws off of my silky mind. Imma keep my memories, thank you very much. Besides, you might need my help!"
But he was scared and weak and traumatised and had decided that the small crumbs of seemingly platonic affection the angel could give him were enough. He didn’t care about how much it killed him to think of Cas as an unreachable high, a distant light that shone brightly onto him, untouchable lest he got burned, because all he needed was to be close to him, to have him in his life, however inaccessible he might have been. He knew that little was better than nothing, no matter how late it came.
His mind couldn’t stop replaying the moment he realised that Castiel loved him back, just as much as he did. His words had hurt more than bullets, letting Dean know that all the time he had wasted holding back his tongue and his heart was futile. If only he had been braver, less of an idiot, he could have had the love of his life in his arms. He could’ve been happy.
Now, if only he could be left unsupervised in the kitchen without smiting every single pot out of existence…
And so, Dean braced himself for the inevitable pain, again. The suspense was killing him more than any shot ever could, but he knew that the sooner the blow came, the sooner he could get up and continue ignoring the pain in his head.
He had enjoyed his time with the hunter, had been impressed with the human. Was it sadness, The dark emotion longing in his Grace, tainting it, that mocked him from the inside as he understood that his time in that small town was coming to an end?
He didn’t even feel the piece of metal go through, when he pushed and was pushed against it, not until his lungs had begun to burn with each passing breath and until blood started to rise in his throat, pulsing and itching up in tandem with his fading heart, making his words more difficult and his thoughts more scattered.
Still, it was nice nevertheless when his suspicious and knowledge came true, when Cas pressed the right buttons to make the radio settle on
But now? Now that he could do more than just stare from a distance at the radiant sun that was his Angel, too afraid to break his fragile happiness with his ruinous hands?
Nevertheless, he still got out of bed and started his day, his room seeming empty without all the bottles littering the floor. It was for the best, he reminded himself the previous night before he could grab a beer or a glass of bourbon. His head was clear and worked best without the clouding liquids.
No, instead he always stood near his father, making sure their family wasn’t separated and destroyed, as he should, never feeling the boulder resting on his shoulders lift, dragging him down with each step he took.
"Well, I do not know the difference between the two, but I can assure you, no demon has been faced by a female
He was holding himself up straight only because Cas would’ve wanted him to. Even if all he could think about was to curl up and disappear, leaving the world behind in his grief, he knew he couldn’t. He had work to do.
Thus, he set foot in the black ring, careful not to ruin the barely dried blood on the floor. He could immediately feel the energy sweep through his body, an ancient power awakening the closer he got to the bowl.
He probably was, Dean realised as his heart constricted at the sight, avoiding his deep blue eyes: it had been entirely his fault that Castiel was now out of his usual element, lacking his natural strengths, disoriented and so utterly human. “It’s best this way,” he continued, his voice soft and gentle, undoubtedly holding his anger at bay, “I will live life as a human, which has always seemed fascinating to me! And I will never go back into the Empty, once my time comes.”
The new god, to his part, had the decency to look a little bit sheepish as he went down the stairs, taking two steps in one: “Sorry!” he exclaimed, foregoing the last steps in favour of jumping them, landing straight in front of Dean.
And I don’t know what else to tell you two, ‘cause I’ve told you everything! I always tell you everything! And I know that Pops’ working on emotions and ‘
“I mean. You’ll be gone now or…” he asked sheepishly, unable to hold Castiel’s gaze as another rush of blood coloured his cheeks.
he quoted, unable to use his own words. He knew that it was a cheap cop-out, but citations and quotes had always worked best to express his own emotions, better than his own mind ever could, and he desperately needed Castiel to know his true meaning. Couldn’t risk it.
And Dean was a hunter, fearless and powerful, a perfectly oiled murder machine that had managed to kill the unkillable, on countless occasions. Yet, he couldn’t move, he couldn’t speak the words that were burning the back of his throat, that wanted to be yelled and screamed and free. He couldn’t even bring himself to hold the former angel’s gaze, terrified and dumb and an idiot.
But, they were both humans who needed to breathe. Still, neither wanted to move far away, already having spent too much time apart.
cards which they wasted no time in using. And now, he had to rectify, rushing to wipe out the remaining world that rebelled, struggling with his goal of omnipotence. Because, no matter how powerful he was and how hard he tried to make the entire Universe follow his plotlines, he had missed something. And he was terrified of it enough to decide that whatever plan he had to keep his entertainment going was not worth the chance of the Winchester ruining it.
His heart would always sing at that, so much that his traitorous brain needed to swing by and remind him that it meant nothing, that he was an angel and that angels couldn’t feel. And, when they did, they didn’t fall for someone as worthless as a lame and pathetic hunter.
to many. I did crash a few to collect a contract or to execute one. It’s astonishing, the number of people willing to bargaining for something while jealous and drunk.
Jack had been practically vibrating out of his skin as soon as they got in the car, wanting to tell Castiel all about his first solo hunt and how great it had been, and he had awoken both him and Claire at the crack of dawn with an already packed up Impala and two cups of coffee, ready to leave and get back home. Dean had briefly wondered if Jack hadn’t already flown back to the bunker only to be sent back by his husband, excited as he was.
Dean and Cas are my fathers. Along with Sam, of course. But I don’t call him Dad, I just call him Sam. But Dean and Cas, I do call them Pops and Dad.
He then felt the need to change the subject, not trusting himself to talk about Sammy after everything. "But now, onto business. You want something to eat?"
They waited until the sun was down to light up the pyre. It took him and Sam the remaining of the day to assemble everything, putting each little piece of wood with meticulous precision. It had to be perfect and Dean welcomed the splinters of wood that dug into his hands, he welcomed the pain in his back.
, he died! Really, for someone who had aced his SATs and was known as the smart one out of the two of them, Sammy was being particularly dense, on purpose.
Seriously, I can’t understand which one of you hit the higher jackpot. On one hand you have arguably the best hunter in the world and on the other you have the best angel in creation. I’d say the scale’s pretty equal, I guess. ‘Cause you both are compassionate and caring and loving and a dozen of other sweet adjectives that I will not say, especially for Dean, ‘cause his ego is already big enough!
“Fine, the kids had fun and that’s all that matters,” he answered honestly, walking back to lean against the closed hood of the Impala and bringing his husband with him, their hands linked.
The moment the room emptied out, Dean could’ve sworn that the temperature had just dropped down a thousand degrees. If it wasn’t for his knowledge on lore and folklore, as well as the painstaking scouting of every single corner of the bunker he and his brother had done all those years prior, he might’ve missed the feeling in his bones for a ghost.
Dean knew that Castiel would become just like Sammy, a painful memory that reminded him that he was far better off alone and that the people around him were better far from him, where he couldn’t hurt them with his messes.
Except that he couldn’t, not this time. There was no soul duct tape, no magical cure for a broken heart. A spell could backfire, he could lose all his memories of Cas and that was a fate worse than death. He would rather have the bittersweet memories in place of a working mind any day.
For those who don't know, Juliette is Crowley’s hellhound, an absolute sweetheart when she's not trying to kill you.
It wasn’t until the footsteps halted, a noise so clean and sharp in the otherwise emptiness of the bunker, that he realised his face was on fire, except for two streaks that ran from his eyes to his chin, parallel and perfectly cutting down both of his cheeks.
He had casually mentioned that he was old, older than he’d thought he’d get, by a long shot. He had claimed that his luck was all because of Castiel, because he rescued him out of Hell and saved him so many times during the years, that without him he probably wouldn’t have found the strength to wake up every morning. And then, just as he finished flipping breakfast into the plates, before turning around and without looking, he had mentioned how Jesse and Cesar were fully retired in a quiet little place in the woods, fully warded and their own. He had whispered that it might be a nice thing to do, ‘
When Jack got up and lit up at the prospect of a different kind of morning he hadn’t experienced yet, Dean was reminded that he shouldn’t launch himself fully in plans of rescue and revenge, as his father had done all those years back, ruining both his and Sammy’s childhoods. Life had so much more to offer and, even if it would have been perfect and ideal to share it with Castiel, he shouldn’t waste his sacrifice locking himself up and punishing himself for his inability to protect those he loved.
’ his brain reminded him, but he was done hiding. He had kept himself hidden all of his life, always pretending to be fine, always pretending to be normal, always pretending to be straight, to not like both. He had always done whatever he had to in order to survive, in a world that didn’t look kindly at him, with a father that wasn’t nice about this sort of things.
Dean Winchester was very familiar with the concept of Death. Hell, he had even met the Bastard a couple of times, then proceeded to kill him and meet his successor.
The more he thought about it, the more he realised how fundamentally wrong he had been. That wasn’t his mind speaking rationally, but rather Chuck’s plan in motion. And sure, he would definitely need some therapy, now that that whole debacle was over, and granted that he would need to find someone who didn’t lock him up at the first mention of anything supernatural related, but he finally understood that his life could offer so much more than a regular hunting job until he passed out of cardiac arrest on a hideout.
I am aware that you all knew me, or of me at the very least, but Sam always tells me that it’s polite to introduce myself in situations when I have to speak up or give a speech. Like, the other day, in class, I had to give a presentation on my history project about Washington and everyone before me started with one-liners, that’s what Pops calls them, but I had nothing prepared other than what I had studied and the entire soundtrack of Hamilton, so I just introduced myself, again!
“Well, just in case you need a refreshing…” he trailed off, leaning upwards and placing his lips gently over Cas’.
He truly appreciated the company. Without Sam and Jack and Cas, the bunker was way too empty, all the space wasted on only one person.
his mind screamed, shame coloring his face as he looked down at his scribbled notes. His father always scolded him on his handwriting, claiming it was unreadable and impossible to decipher; Dean had once tried counteracted, telling him that
But, unfortunately, that seemed to have been a one-time deal. That first time, it was the Empty themselves that had spat out Cas back, just so they could go back to dreamland, just so they could take out the distracting Angel that had awoken them, causing them pain. And Jack, albeit powerful, was still learning what he could and could not do, and pulling angels out of there wasn’t amid his powers. Especially now that they were awake and incredibly pissed, even if they were confined in their own pocket of space.
He ignored the pain in his chest, raw and unbridled and so very human, as he averted his eyes and avoided collision with the hunter’s. He didn’t deserve to see the love that was for him in the hunter’s soul, he didn’t deserve to watch as his own face crumpled in silent understanding, because Dean Winchester would always understand.
One of the less shitty school counsellors, that had taken pity on him in the short time he had stayed in one place, had tried to make him understand what was happening with his shit brain, telling him that he wasn’t fucked up in the head or stupid. Dissociation, she had called it, once he had started to talk about what happened in his mind, how he thought and how he felt, and amongst that word was a grocery list of diseases that mean he was crazy, a nutjob, an idiot.
demon's house. Usually he would have to wait until his father was ready to eat and not to disturb him if he was working just because
Anyway, I’ve basically raised these two idjits and I tried to give them some normalcy and stability, and with how careless John was, it was a miracle they turned out right. Although, I can’t take full credit, nor anybody else can: it was all Dean. I’m just happy I could help them whenever I could and I’m damn proud of how my boys turned out.
And indeed, they were right: although the author considered the Empty and the Darkness as two interchangeable things, calling them both the
Castiel nodded understandably, “I am rather aware of that. If it brings you comfort, you do not even resemble the sea creature.”
Because, Jimmy Novak didn’t smile, not like that. It didn’t reach his eyes and he didn’t have the same warmth that you do. His entire body didn’t shake with laughter half an hour after he was told a joke, just ‘cause
Usually, whenever he had to leave a place, Dean didn’t feel anything. He had no roots, no attachment anywhere. The only constant was his Baby, sometimes his father was in the picture, but since Sammy had left for Stanford, he was utterly alone. Dean tried to not let it affect him, tried to avoid thinking about what life might’ve been if only one thing in his life worked out, but he never lingered on the empty feelings at the bottom of his stomach, moving on as quickly as he could.
And Dean didn’t find it in himself to get even slightly affronted at her actions, so happy with the fact that she was comfortable enough around him to be carefree like that. It had taken them a long time to get where they were, and Dean wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.
He hadn’t realized Castiel had moved to sit down on the floor next to him, not until his vision cleared, tears still streaming down his cheeks, and his eyes tried to find him across the room. He moved too silently, that Angel of his.
He now looked at his lap, unsure of what to say next. Eventually, he blurted out a quick "I have never eaten human food."
“You are being stubborn.” Castiel couldn’t understand why. He was aware that the humans were aware of the consequences of insomnia and he had not detected any physical chronical illness in the hunter. It was utterly illogical.
But it hadn’t appeared out of nowhere, his deep love for his Angel. He thought it might’ve been there since the moment they met in Hell, when Castiel had rebuilt his soul from scraps, seeing him in his most vulnerable and pitiful state. And Cas had stuck around after that, giving him hope that he might not be alone in his feelings, that he might be lovable.
Behind his closed eyelids, he could see a dark figure approaching, ready to strike. He wanted to scream for the stranger to run, to save themselves, that he would take the blunt, like he always did. But his throat wasn’t letting the air pass through, wasn’t making a single sound. He tugged and pulled at the stranger’s hand, solid and warm and comforting over his own, trying to convey his message as best as he could in his broken state, but they were unwavering, unmoving.
Castiel knew that it was human tradition for the postulant to get down on one knee, in front of the receiver of the proposal, but they had never been known for respecting traditions. Both he and Dean preferred to make their own rituals, to find a way to compromise Castiel’s heavenly background and Dean’s human habits. They were the middle ground, perfectly intertwined in each other’s lives.
And with that knowledge, he closed his eyes and took a steading breath. “When Jack was dying, I made a deal to save him.”
His only regret was leaving him like this, dying in his arms, the roles reversed after so many years. He was upset about leaving so soon, but he had to. Sammy knew that.
It had been her idea to record their reactions at the sight of the Castle, her phone propped over the console while the radio quietly played some country music. After all, it wasn’t every day that either got to be in Arrington, Tennessee, location of Taylor Swift’s very own ‘
He had done it, on a whim. He was officially on the run, alone. He had done something he had always dreamt about, something that he knew he need to start living, instead of only surviving.
John had left them once more, for a couple of months. He had rented and already paid for an apartment for the time being as he left his sons behind. Dean was 17 and with Baby, he could go and do whatever he needed to. Again, another mechanic could use a hand, which he was very glad to give him, especially when it came with a few bucks more than usual. The routine was simply: the two Winchester boys would go to school; Dean would finish before lunch and head to work, Sammy had to stay there also in the afternoon for classes and projects; whenever he was done, he’d pick up his brother either directly at school or at a friend’s house, Sammy always managed to make friends; home, homework and a home-cooked meal and then repeat the next day. Dean was exceptional at following schedules and had no problem keeping up, as long as Sammy was okay.
He disconnects the call, Dean rolls his shoulders, neck popping from the long night in a hospital chair. Gripping the steering wheel, he takes one last breath before pulling out of the spot. Out on the main road its already full dark; most of the traffic is people heading home after whatever work they needed to get done on a Saturday.
“Very good,” Castiel smiles and without further prompting places his index and middle fingers against Dean’s lips. Opening automatically, Dean takes them deeper in his mouth than the thumb and begins to suck. Castiel sighs contentedly and continues, “Reward is perhaps even more simple, but then again you want to be my good boy, don’t you?”
The sixth floor is clearly marked with the way to the cafeteria. It’s a big atrium with bright lighting and giant potted plants all over the floor, modern wire tables, white leather booths. Its fancier than some restaurants Dean’s been to. He looks around the space and doesn’t see Becky right off. Picking a table in a spot somewhat in sight of the doorway he can't be accused of hiding from her when she arrives. If he could avoid a public scene all the better.
He closes his eyes again. He can feel the doubts creeping back into his conscious mind. He grips himself tight in a fist to force them away. Stroking his cock roughly; it's almost over, it was almost over.
Half the time they’re passing each other on the way to or from work. But mostly Sam doesn’t come home at all. He says been staying at a hotel in the city.
“No, it’s okay, it’s been a few weeks now, most people in our industry are aware. Yes, the owners consolidated several positions which allowed for increased salary cap with our players. We’re in the process of adding 3 new members to our roster.”
He hangs up without another word and settles back into the booth. The grin on Dean’s face looks tight enough to hurt, but his eyes are gleaming and defiant. Seems his potential sub has a bit of a bratty side too.
They tuck into their meal and make appreciative noises over the tender meat, rich mushrooms, and creamy potatoes. If Cassie could cook all his meals he’d be 20 lbs. heavier, but he'd be in heaven.
His focus on the pill bottle narrows to a pinprick and then there’s a hand shoving his head between his knees.
“I told him Benny and Vanessa were fighting in the courtyard. And Benny was trying to drive home drunk.” She whispers back.
Alastair told them what happened; and based on Castiel’s reaction to seeing him, it was pretty clear there was some bad blood there.
He stares into his drink; a small, sad part inside her thinks he might actually say no. She crushes the doubt under the heel of her Louboutin’s.
He rests his head in his hands and he can feel the burn of tears behind his eyes. It’s all catching up to him now.
Inias snorts and it starts a fit of giggles around the booth, “You’ve been sighing for the last hour.”
The doctors hard blue eyes soften with pity and Dean looks down quickly at his work boots. They're still covered with drywall dust from the site, but there's a smudge of something brown on the tip of his right shoe. Squinting closer the light hits his toe and he’s looking at Castiel’s blood. He must have stepped through the pool of it that collected on the ground.
It seemed like no matter what he did, that man would follow him like a dark cloud. Tormenting him and the people he cared for the rest of his life.
“Yeah, I did... you got here fast. Easy for a lawyer to get out of a speeding ticket I assume.” Dean makes no move to leave the porch.
He sighs, he had been totally deluded to think she would be done with him after a single encounter. That first night, after he threw up, he begged off having sex again. Becky rebuffed his protests, but he was able to negotiate down to performing oral sex on her instead.
Immediately Dean starts to clear his mind. He's done the whole yoga thing, a very bendy ex-girlfriend dragged him to a few sessions years ago, so he knows how to do the breathing. He does it now, taking a deep breath through his nose and exhaling through his mouth.
Dr. Gardener comes out from around the corner, two thick mugs of what Cas hopes is coffee in his hands. He’s an older man with a soft baritone voice. Cas felt an instant connection with him during their first session when Dr. Gardener shared that he was also orphaned as a child.
He barely shakes his head when the hand on his cheeks digs its nails into the soft flesh and his eyes fly open in pain.
“Oh please, Castiel. Anna lives for this kind of thing. She’ll probably spin it that she was the one to tell the mother in the first place.”
“I moved around a lot. Lived on the street again. Crashed with whoever I was sleeping with at the time. I didn’t move in with Mick and Ketch for a few years. He sighs in shame. It burns in his throat.
Heat rushes to his face, betraying his need for composure at the opened ended question. It was a simple one, and he should be able to answer, but the implication weighs heavy on his mind. He’s never had to talk to Cas like this before. Yes, they’d been friends for a lifetime, but they left most of the heart-to-heart conversations back in their early 20’s. Back before Dean got sober, when every word between them felt like a battle. And an apology was on his lips as soon as he stumbled in the door.
“Dean,” Castiel pulls his attention away from the girls. His face no longer looks tired or worried, the smile plastered there is brighter than any Dean had seen before, “did you just say what I think you just said?”
“I know, I was just assuming you’d be cozied up with Castiel.” She laughs and he fumbles his mug. Hot coffee burning his fingers.
Scrolling through the website he skips over the pictures of the building and grounds, searching for the part that references the owners. And there it is, staring him in the face,
The adults share a small laugh, but Jack doesn’t join them. It was such a change of pace from last night and the ballgame earlier. Jack had asked him all manner of questions in the last 24 hours about himself, his home in Kansas, the baseball team, his car, his family. If he had been any older if would have felt like an interrogation. But tonight, he was eerily quiet.
“Dean, if you still feel the way you did that day at the police station, I need you tell me now,” Castiel’s face twists in a mixture of regret and longing, “I know I betrayed your trust; however, I must tell you that my feelings towards you haven't changed in the slightest. But one word from you and I can promise you won’t hear from me ever again.”
But the way Dean looked at him; angry, confused. It ate away at Castiel all week. He wanted to tell him everything. Even the parts he wasn’t supposed to talk about.
The creeping heat is back along his skin, it starts at the base of his neck and works its way up to the tips of his ears. They were completely right, but he was not about to give them the satisfaction of knowing that. Or embarrassing him any further for that matter.
I couldn’t barely be friends with you let alone have a relationship with you. You are the last person I would ever want to be with!”
The two men hand over their licenses and Dean’s only a little hurt when the guy barely gives his a glance. You are not too old to be here. Besides, it’s a work thing. There won’t be a whole bunch of 20 somethings running around making him feel worse.
“She had a midday appointment but should be back by 3:00 Mr. Darcy.” The receptionist glances at her calendar and then back up at him. Her eyes ripe with confusion behind her glasses.
A shout from the umpire rings out over the crowd. “You’re out!” Henderson is tagged as his fingers just brush the edge of the bag.
“That squirrelly guy? The one who talked to me about ghosts for 90 minutes back on 4th of July? So what?”
Gabe’s face turns a little serious, “Now, scooch in close. Act like you like each other.” He motions with his hands at the two of them. And doing as their told they adjust till they are hip to fuzzy hip.
He smirks and leaves her to it. Everything on the counter looks like a torture device. He didn’t want to stick around for her to try anything on him.
Obviously, Dean’s ad has left out a key detail, he has no idea who to look for and short of shouting out his name, there’s no indication any of these men might be the Dean in question. The man with the book and the frothy green drink looks up to find him staring, his eyes light with pleasure and Castiel takes a confident step forward. But as just as he’s about to say hello, his shoulder is bumped by a young woman. Brushing past without an apology, the woman wraps her tiny frame around the book man as they share a very passionate greeting.
“It wasn’t a sandwich. It was Salisbury steak, or possibly a reanimated liver. I didn’t eat it.” Cas grumbles.
“Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t think of it like that.” Cas’s cheeks burn in shame. He keeps hurting Dean over and over. “Do you want me to go sleep on the couch?”
Sam looks stunned. “Dean, I’m fine. I know you think I’m killing myself here but it’s not like that. I have a great team, and they’re really all working hard for this launch.”
The compliment warms him much more than he thought it would, stepping past him, Dean walks to the kitchen to find some acceptable vase for the flowers, “Thanks. Can I get you a beer or anything?”
“Fuck!” Dean arches off the bed, but a strong hand shoves him back down, “Please! Please sir, I need to see you. Wanna watch you suck me off.”
Despite an odd and infuriating start to his morning, the rest of Dean’s day only improved after Castiel left. No other potential Dom’s came into the shop, and he was able to get the editor of Pride News to remove the ad without issue. The threat laced voicemail he left for Sam had his blood pressure back up around boiling but by then the lunch rush had started to trickle in and there wasn’t time to dwell on his brother's antics any longer. Which was fine, he always came up with better retaliation when his temper cooled.
A wave of cheers rise out from the building behind him but all he can hear is the beating of his heart and the roar of blood in his ears.
She hands him a blank business card and he scrawls his number on the back side. Putting it back in her clawed hands, he turns to leave. It almost looks like she leans down to throw it right in the trash, but it may have been his imagination.
He looks over at Cas now, the other man’s eyes a storm of despair. Castiel reaches across the table and takes Claire’s hand. She glances up at him and Dean sees the same look on her face that Sammy and Adam had given him a thousand times. A look of hope, that together they can face anything. That together they are stronger.
“You said that last Halloween.” Charlie grumbles. She’s sitting on her bathroom floor next to him. He groans again, he knows he was a handful last night. But it wasn’t that bad. Not as bad as last year when he pulled his pants down and showed everybody his dick. Yelling “pudding!” at the top of his lungs.
Cas stills and looks back at Dean over his shoulder. They both stare at each other for a moment, a thousand thoughts fly through Dean’s head. But only one really matters; he loves Cas, and he’ll spend the rest of his life showing him how much he’s loved.
“Race you to the shower!” And he cackles as he bolts for the door. Castiel laughing and cursing from the bed behind him.
A faint ripple of laughter flows through the crowd. He takes the moment to pull Cas’s hand up to his lips, kissing the skin softly. A tear rolls down his cheek and he wipes it away before going on.
“That’s spying Cas!” Dean shouts again and tugs at his hair. This was crazy, he’d been going out his mind wondering if he’d been wrong about every assumption he ever made. Rationalizing that if psychics were real than who knows what else could be out there? Now that was all a freaking lie, he’d been deluding himself for weeks!
Tears roll freely down Jess’s cheeks as she hugs him tightly, as much as she can around her growing belly. He looks over the top of her head at his brother, who’s face is slowly crumbling.
“Ah, thanks for the drinks Alastair. I’m sorry our evening got cut short.” Dean doesn’t know what to say. He doesn’t know Alastair well enough to offer the right type of comfort.
He nudges Dean and the man slumps forward on to his back. Slowly he drags off Dean’s boxes and uses them to wipe off his hand. Dean’s eyes are half closed, he reaches out blindly for Castiel’s arm.
With every roll of his pelvis, Castiel’s cock bumps against Dean’s prostate. His body tingling all over, like one giant nerve ending. His own dick pressed firmly between their bodies, coated in sweat and precome. Their thrusts just barely stroking him, he needs more friction, more pressure, more anything.
“He was in danger! You let him walk right into a lion’s den and you did nothing! I thought you cared Cas. Didn’t you say protecting family was the only thing that mattered?”
He stops himself before he falls further down the rabbit hole of bad memories; Cas was asking him about Benny. Not knowing what significance he played in Dean’s recovery, only that he was someone Dean had said very little about till today.
He takes a shuddering breath, “That man... That man is my boss. He must have seen us in the stands, and he came over to... put the fear of God in me, it seems.”
Emma continues, “So when the new semester started, we had a whole unit on genetics and family traits. Remember we had to ask our parents a bunch of questions about freckles, and eye color, and all that?”
She smiles, but her eyes are sad. She puts her arm around Cas and he feels a warmth in his chest he hasn’t felt in years, maybe ever. She nods her head at the picture in his hands.
“I’m not worried about her, she gave me her personal number well before you said your colorful goodbyes.”
Castiel hangs his head, he knows just what websites this will be up on. And he knows all their friends and family will be liking and laughing at the pictures for weeks. Oh God, their cousin Cain was going to make so many memes of this.
He may not have wanted to be a father at twenty-two; but at thirty-two he started to think about settling down. And now at thirty-eight his biological clock was ticking loud enough to have him wanting to chuck it against the metaphorical bedroom wall. He didn’t want another kid, but a long-term commitment, even marriage... hell yeah, he wanted that. Especially if it came in the form of a certain blue-eyed Dom.
The thought of Dean desperate with want stirs something deep within Castiel. He hadn't been lying Monday night, he had repeatedly entertained the idea of ending their discussion and dragging Dean to the floor of his office. He had also fallen asleep almost every night this week with the phantom touch of the other man’s tongue sucking around his fingers, palming the growing bulge in his sleep pants at the memory.
She rocks against him and his hands come up to grip her ass. Pumping her body up and down on his dick. On every down thrust she grinds her hips into him, making these small mewling sounds in frustration. He finds her clit with his thumb and starts swirling it around, matching the rhythm of his hips.
He doesn’t give them as much time to think it over on this round because half the audience is still laughing from the previous joke.
The boy in question is piled up in a mass of blankets and pillows on the floor, he had insisted on making a “fort” to watch the movie in. He doesn’t stir when Cas calls him. Castiel stands and peaks over the edge of the couch, his face instantly softening in the glow of the TV screen.
Bobby calls to someone off the phone, “Listen, the women are getting restless. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Five hours of Dean running his hand through Cas’s hair. Dean sucking on his fingers, pulling the tips slightly into his mouth. Dean kissing him hard and quick on the mouth anytime traffic slowed.
He sulks all the way back to the subway station, his coat wrapped around him against the wind and the rain. Both of which had picked up considerably during his disappointing altercation.
Needless to say, that was the last Dean saw of Crowley. Sam about put the fear of God in the other man when he showed up twelve hours later with a shiny new spreader bar and a smirk on his face. The younger Winchester wouldn't even let Crowley in the door. Towering over the much shorter man, Sam told him in no uncertain terms to never come near his brother again. And if he so much as breathed a word in Dean’s direction, Sam would rip his soul out through his throat.
Dean snorts, “Oh I want to, I’m sure I'm going to have a very harsh argument with myself later about it!”
“You’re right though Adam, Ms. Collins is a very difficult woman. A bit like a terrier in heat wouldn’t you say?” Alastair winks a deep blue eye at the younger man and Adam honest to God blushes right down to his shoes.
He needed to apologize, but Sam wasn’t answering his phone. And it didn’t seem like he was coming home tonight either.
He looks up guiltily at Bobby and Ellen, one frowning, one smiling. He blushes right down to his shoes.
“I don’t want to fight either,” he whispers, his lips grazing the shell of Castiel’s ear, “but promise me you’re going to find someone to talk to about this.”
He‘s well into his third beer and talking with a guy named Aaron about Vonnegut; when he spies Sam being lead off the dance floor by a woman Dean doesn’t recognize. Sam leans down to say something in her ear and she throws her head back in a boisterous laugh Dean can hear from 10 feet away. Oh this has got to be Eileen he thinks. She was certainly pretty; long dark hair, tight jeans, and a kind of black lacy top designed to get men thinking about lingerie.
Her eyes widen slightly and at the short inhale of breath Dean is acutely aware that everyone in the room has stopped speaking all at once. Their focus tuned right in on the insult he just uttered.
“No, you’re working,” Cas pauses, Dean can hear the sound of a car door closing, “I’m just going to get him out of the heat and maybe he’ll feel better.”
Dean and Castiel blink away their rapidly cooling anger, finally noticing they’re both toe to toe in the hallway. Emma stands off to one side, deer caught in the headlights of their argument with tears running down her cheeks. Dean’s chest heaves as he stares at Castiel’s shaken expression; what was he about to say? Was he really going to throw away everything they had over one argument?
There’s only two chairs on the visitor side of the beat up metal desk so Adam has to stand against the door.
Pants and boxer briefs fall the the floor, his own cock hard and ready. Cas pushes up on his elbows, clearly staring. Dean can’t help but smirk a little.
Yup, there it is. We need to slow down; things are moving too fast. Let’s keep it casual for now. He was so utterly stup -
“Yup, going to grab a nap and then Ellen’s swinging by later to drop off groceries. Herbert and I are safe and sound.” She rubs her growing belly affectionately.
And now they were leaving! Castiel was carrying Jack through the stands, pulling his phone out in the process. He was probably trying to get a hold of him. On cue his phone vibrates, Dean hustles up the steps and ducks into the nearest bathroom. He pulls his arm through the sleeve of his costume and grabs the phone. Ripping the stuffed head off he struggles to answer with his gloves on.
Uh oh, ice cream was Eileen’s break up comfort food. What was it with the women in his life today? How could something have gone wrong with her and Sam within 12 hours?
Briefly sneaking a glance at Cas’s Instagram, the verified @CNovak_GarrisonBooks handle provided by Charlie was easy enough to search for, he found it just as sparce as his own. A few posts surrounding his last release, a book of poetry that Dean hadn't read but was currently saved in his Amazon cart for later. And some photos of a windmill in a lush meadow weren't enough for Dean to form much of an impression, but no matter, Charlie had found plenty once she got the go ahead to start digging.
“Gentlemen? Can I get you a drink?” Kate is still standing at their table. Her eyes darting back and forth, becoming more confused by the second.
Castiel blinks rapidly, that was actually kind of perfect. And he did have a few packets tucked in the cupboard. His smile grows as the idea takes root; Jack was going to love it!
“I’m sorry I woke you both up. I had nowhere else to go.” Cas’s voice trembles and he pushes down the despair that threatens to consume him. He needs to get this out, he can’t break down again.
Gabe had also acted stranger than usual; he’d have to find him tomorrow and ask what the deal was. Maybe he knew the new guy who took over for Alfie and was playing some elaborate prank on him. That had happened two years ago to Sam, Gabe had somehow convinced everyone in the park to tell him it was Tuesday, for five days straight. Gabe was kind of a prick on the surface, but deep down he was a pushover.
Castiel’s heart skips a beat as he opens the door. Dean stands on his front porch in a fitted white tee shirt, showing off some very impressive arms, and a pair of faded jeans. He removes his aviator glasses and tucks them in the vee of his shirt front. His green eyes twinkling in the summer sun, a smile plastered on his gorgeous face.
It’s getting near last call and the room is spinning a little bit. He thinks it may be time to splash some water on his face, find Sam, call it a night. As much fun as he was having, Dean was getting tired. And the beat that thrilled him earlier now banged in his head like a drum.
“Please, my uh, hands are going numb.” They weren't yet, but he’d rather start negotiating now before they started to hurt.
“You’ve been holding out on me Cas.” He leans over and rubs his nose against the back of Cas’s neck. “All those times, locked up in your room. I thought you were reading, but you were really doing this.” He trails kisses to Cas’s earlobe and bites the soft flesh there. Cas slumps back against him, fighting to keep his body upright.
“Well, if you’re not going to guess, I’ll just tell you.” She sighs again, and Dean would really love to reach over and smash her smug face into the table.
“Right so then we had to put all that info into these things called Punnet Squares and present it to the class.” She smiles a little, proud that he remembered her goofy assignment and it stuck with him. “My presentation was yesterday, and the whole time I was up there, Claire kept whispering to her friends and they were laughing the whole time.”
“Uh, it was going to be. I never got to present it,” he frowns eager to change the subject, “Claire if you like Vonnegut you should check out Jeffery Eugenides.”
Even with her mishaps, Emma seemed to be having a great time. She joked with Claire over their wild shots, and when a few of her school friends stopped to say hello she introduced the other girl to them without hesitation. From his vantage point, Castiel could see his niece's shocked face when Emma threw an arm around her in a familial gesture. Her generous heart and friendly disposition so much like Dean’s, it warmed his own heart to see how much Claire had relaxed around other people, especially kids her own age.
She grabs the key off the nightstand and straddles him to unlock the cuffs. He breathes a sigh of relief, it was over. He could go home soon. But he doesn’t hear the familiar chink of metal and he looks up to her face, twisted in a manic smile closely above his own. The key poised just outside the lock.
“Meg, it’s Cas. Before you say anything is there any way you can get like a couple dozen people together for a party Sunday night? I’ll pay for everything, but you need to host it.”
“Me too, I guess that works out nicely.” Castiel smiles again and Dean can’t help but smile back. The man’s grin was a little infectious.
“Hey,” he grabs her shoulders to stop the rambling hysterics she was working herself into, “take a breath, Em I won't lie to you this is really bad.”
“Cognitively he’s doing fine. He can name numerous objects by sight, and he was able to answer some more complex math equations. He can read and write without discomfort. He was also able to walk virtually unassisted to the restroom several times.”
With part of their lofty inheritance Castiel and Claire had the home, which both Darcy children grew up in, converted into a public space for most of the year. The gardens and grounds, the extensive library, sculpture and portrait gallery, and several sitting rooms were all open to the public six days a week, from April through November.
“You will receive market value for this house and the property. But by next fall you will no longer own it and you will be legally required to leave.”
Cas rolls his eyes and sits down on the bed opposite him. He looks around and shakes his head. Trying very hard to suppress a smile.
“I have to tell him I’m ready to come home. And hope he still wants me there.” Cas feels lighter. The thought of going back to the apartment, back to Dean giving him hope.
“It’s going to be a good one brother.” Benny claps a hand on his shoulder. They had been friends since college, the three of them. Bonding over a love of 80’s movies and bad diner food. And when Dean had been in the hospital, and shortly after physical rehabilitation, both Charlie and Benny were there with a mini-DVD player and take out at least once a week. He owed them his sanity those first few months, without them he didn’t know where he’d be. He didn’t want to know.
They walk silently up the path, it’s not so cold once they’re back out in sunshine. Dean can smell lemon grass, verbena, honeysuckle; the gardens are already in bloom with a riot of spring colors.
They’re finally skin to skin and its more amazing than Dean could have imagined. The muscles in Cas’s back and arms tense and stretch under Dean’s hands. Sneaking a peek between their bodies, Castiel’s cock hangs heavy and thick, the sight of it makes Dean’s mouth water.
“Okay, okay,” Dean whines as Castiel sucks a hickey just above his left nipple, “I know what it is I'd like to do. But I have to tell you a story first.”
“What’s the favor?” he asks warily, coming up with several prepared excuses to get out of whatever it was she wanted.
She relaxes her nails and its permission enough for Dean. He swiftly unties the knot, and it falls open. He snakes a hand inside the robe and his fingers brush gently against her skin just above her navel.
“Clearly,” Claire deadpans, “maybe just tone down the heart eyes a little when there’s minors present.”
Castiel fights the urge to shout back, they weren't heavy when he brought them all out. Jack, like most six-year-olds had an aversion to cleaning up after himself. Especially when he was the only one who made the mess.
Even with his nerves scrambling, he has the wherewithal to calmly turn and lay down on the bed. Once on his belly, he brings up his arms around the pillow inhaling the clean scent of laundry soap, and a citrusy smell that he recognizes as Castiel’s shampoo. The cool sheets are whisper soft against his skin, and if he wasn’t so freaking turned on, he could probably fall comfortably off to sleep right here.
Guilt overwhelms him. It had been over a week and he still hasn’t told him about Becky, the awful deal he made with her, and the sex she was basically forcing him to have. And now his brother was leaving, Dean couldn’t stand to burden Sam with his problems. He only would have canceled his trip.
“I have run out of favors for you.” He was never volunteering to help her, ever again. He has been at the Waldorf for what seems like hours now and he’s done very little besides soothe Eileen’s nerves, intimidate a few members of the waitstaff, and make mindless small talk with strangers.
It all could have been so different, he thinks, if he had asked them for help all those years ago. When his dad died Ellen and Bobby asked him if he wanted Adam to move in with them. At the time it felt like giving up, and he was trying so hard to hold things together for his brothers. Now looking back, he should have said yes. Adam would have had a more stable upbringing, and Dean could have finished school. He’d let them all down, by just being stubborn and afraid.
“God you’re just a kid, I dunno about this.” He pulls his cook’s hat off and runs a hand through his dark curly hair.
Castiel stares, this was not how he thought meeting Dean was going to go. For one Dean was still wearing his shirt. And furthermore, he had no what Dean was talking about.
She addresses the two of his brothers, but her eyes never leave Dean’s. A bead of sweat runs down his spine.
A series of expressions pass over the Dom’s face in that moment. How is it possible for someone to look both sexy and shy at the same time? Castiel catches the tip of his tongue between his teeth, canine tooth glinting wickedly. “I may know yes; it's been suggested more than once I should have become a phone sex operator rather than a writer.”
For the rest of you heathens, I hope you enjoy! This chapter is a little shorter than what you're used to from me. But 5,000 words of pure smut proved much harder than I thought. *Title of your sex tape* LOL!
Without a word Dean drops Gabriel to his feet and the other man starts brushing imaginary dust from his suit. Everyone is yelling at once, Cas looks over to his uncles and they are still arguing, albeit now they are doing it in harsh whispers.
Okay maybe not lousy... it was kind of fun to get all dressed up. He felt like 007 in his tuxedo and he may have even ordered a martini because... reasons.
Dean runs the map of the city in his head, he could make that. Even at this time of night there wouldn’t be too much traffic.
“Yes we do, Gabe are you staying in town? Could we meet up later? I’d love to catch up.” Cas isn’t eager to let his brother go so soon after seeing him again.
The ivory silk of her dress clings to her dancers build, her long red hair swept off to one shoulder in romantic waves. Showing off the long line of her neck and her spine, the dress is cut low enough in the back to make a La Perla model blush.
“Early? What do you mean?” His head is pounding again, as his second hangover of the day waltzes into the house.
He holds out his hand. This time Castiel does know what to do with it and he grips it tightly in his own.
“Oh I think as soon as I’m out of your sight you won’t give me a thought ever again. Which is completely understandable, I know my presence has been barely tolerable to someone of your... stature.”
He’s almost to the lobby doors when the elevator bell chimes softly behind him. The doors woosh open and someone steps off the car.
Cas is standing right in his face now. “So, this is your opinion of me? Thank you for explaining it so fully. Perhaps these offenses could have been overlooked if your pride had not been hurt.”
Later, after they ate the dinner Dean lovingly prepared, the three of them settled around the coffee table to play a few rounds of Uno before Jack’s bedtime.
He turns to head inside and feels a tugging on his hand. He looks down and Dean has his warm palm clasped firmly in his. That familiar current, of which he now knows is love, courses through his body and he glances up to Dean’s face.
Burning shame coldcocks his anger right off its feet. Everything he’d been trying to hide for months spilled out into the night. He stares down at the grass, unable to meet his brother’s eyes.
He wakes fully in the dark; the bed cold, sheets tangled around his limbs. Adjusting to the absence of light he can make out bedroom shapes; a dresser, a closet, a chair, the bed he’s sitting on. He's naked and a little chilled, the window (the one that let so much light in before) cracked open. An early spring breeze teases goosebumps on his skin. Was it so cold before, in the light?
Dean almost drops the phone in shock. In the year since he reconnected with his estranged daughter, she had never spent more than one or two nights at his house. Neither of them had any illusions that the other wanted to change the custody situation now that they knew about each other, but that didn’t mean Dean certainly didn't think about it. And what it would have meant for Emma to spend half her time with him for the last sixteen years.
Strength training equipment, free weights, yoga blocks, resistance bands; anything you could think of had its own area. And everything looked brand new.
“One minute, I’m not ready to move yet. Is the room spinning?” She lets out a giggle and he flinches involuntarily at the sound. “Besides,” she croons, “I have something to ask you.”
He hadn’t heard from him; but Dean hadn’t tried to call either. He knew Cas wanted to be left alone.
Meg hugs Castiel and whispers “talk to him. He wants to apologize. And you need to tell him about your past.”
They walk down the stairs to the bar. Mick is already there talking to this Dean person. It looks like Mick’s telling a bullshit story about his time in some vague British goon squad, because the younger man throws his head back in laughter.
Castiel moves like he wants to take a step closer to Dean, but holds back at the last second, “You must know... Surely you must know.”
Castiel smiles wide, his pink gums peeking out over his teeth. The next song starts, and he walks purposefully down the aisle, his eyes never leaving Dean’s. Reaching the alter he steps up and slips his fingers into Dean’s. Waves of devotion radiating from the man he was about to marry. He could already feel his eyes stinging, and he throws up a silent prayer to not blubber through the whole thing.
“Yes, to-night. Our date, or whatever. If it’s a date. Do... do you want it to be a date?” Oh man, he was hemorrhaging cool. No way Cas was going to want anything to do with him.
They walk along the same path; Dean speeds up a little to see if she’s going to turn off behind him and then slows to see if she’s following. They both make it to Castiel’s door at virtually the same time.
They are in the parlor, a fire is roaring and soft music plays in the background. They were having a very pleasant Sunday until their wayward nephew burst in, unannounced, and decided to have a tantrum.
Caught in Castiel’s gaze like this, Dean thinks he’d agree to whatever the man wanted. He’d freaking roller skate behind the Angel’s bus tomorrow if Cas asked him in that husky baritone voice of his.
Sam and Adam glare at him; do something! Their eyes shout at Dean in silence. He was the oldest, it was up to him to get her out of here.
The Angels were up 2-1 but the bases were loaded with the MudDevil’s at bat. It was entertaining to watch Dean enjoy the game as Gabe or Jack did. Castiel liked baseball enough, but it wasn’t his whole life. He had only really gotten into it after Kelly’s death and was desperate to find anything to pull Jack out the depression that he was showing signs of even as a toddler.
Ignoring the nurse, he steps closer to the bed. Shoving his hands in the pocket of his coat to hide the tremor he feels there.
“No, she just congratulated me, and said she was looking forward to working on the launch together. But she sounded weird.”
The sun has just set below the tree line and the patio lights flicker on. Guests mingle about, sipping drinks and sampling food, chatting before the next part of the reception starts.
“Toasted butternut squash ravioli with a sage and apple glaze. Crispy brussels sprouts with cranberries.”
It didn’t make sense, if he’d been that disgusted then why did Dean look so... haunted when he came to the door? It was like he was wasn’t even there. When Castiel shoved the letter in his hands, his skin was like ice.
Snow is flying and swirling around the street corner. Dean waits outside the Chinese place for Charlie to finish picking up their takeout order.
“This is your brother’s floor. You should be able to find your way from here.” He’s back to haughty indifference again and Dean hangs his head.
With Dean still facing away from him, Castiel drinks in the sight of naked flesh. He's seen Dean bare more times than he could count, but every time it felt like he’d been given a wonderful gift to unwrap and play with. Reaching out with his free hand, he caresses the hard line of Dean’s shoulder blades, reveling it the way the other man trembles under his touch.
Dean bows his head, their pain, their love it’s too much to face. His heart aches for them both. But especially for Cas; as older brother, as protector, he shares the same burden of responsibility. But to lose both parents at the same time, in a horrible accident, Dean couldn’t begin to know what that was like.
