“Let’s see,” he spoke to himself. “Maybe I just need to concentrate.”
. And it would’ve been John’s fault, because he had left him there, alone.
“He says some things are easy, like sitting, but the skull felt really heavy. Takes him effort,” John paraphrased.
“My god, was that really the name? They weren’t very creative,” Sherlock commented, raising his eyebrows. “Anyways, you know how the ghost can go anywhere he wants?”
Why couldn’t he have that? What even was the point of living, when Sherlock couldn’t?
Catherine turned her face towards John, remembering all the stories she’d heard about him. It wasn’t always him who told them to her; he’d always been so reserved. He had told her about the war, though; how he’d been shot and sent home, and how he’d never forget all the friends he’d lost in battle.
, wondered Lestrade,
and neither of them had the faintest idea why or what for.
at the beast; he had cast a spell upon it.
He cocked his gun and ran. Just like he had suspected, he found Roylott, wand pointed at John.
“Oh”, said Helen. “Alright.”
Suddenly, he felt disoriented. What was he doing here? He was sure he had to be somewhere else. Hadn't Lestrade called earlier? Damn it, yes, he'd phoned and said to drop by the Yard. Something about paperwork… couldn't wait…
Immediately, the tips of their wands illuminated, and the place came into view. Scattered all around were cages of all sorts and sizes, each containing magical creatures, most of which looked like they had gone days without eating. Sherlock ignored the names of most of them, but there were some, such as unicorns and dragons, which he vaguely recognised from folklore.
Yet here Sherlock was, all chances of having the future he’d dreamt for the two of them ripped away from him, his sacrifice being the proof of his sentiment. All that remained was the evaporating fog of his hopes, blurry, fading; impossible from the very beginning.
“You’re bloody brilliant”, John said. He approached Sherlock slowly, standing just a few centimetres from his face. Tiptoeing, he planted a soft kiss upon his lips. “D’you know that?” he asked under his breath, looking into Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock grunted, burying his face in his hands. He hated having to explain everything. Most people never understood, no matter how many times he repeated himself, and it drove him mad.
“Six hours? That’s what you’ve been doing all night?” John asked, half-laughing.
Sherlock sighed. "Yes, obvious", he rolled his eyes. "Now focus! Miss Stoner, I need you to tell us everything you've omitted so far. Including Mr Roylott's being a wizard."
Sherlock shook his head. “It’ll have to be like this.”
“I think...” Sherlock said, still shocked. “I think I figured it out.”
“WHAT THE
John sighed. “You can’t just tell her you’re going to make her relive her sister’s death and act like it’s nothing”, he said.
Even though Sherlock refused to admit what John had done, there was only one way to describe it: magic. John had done
Mycroft had smirked. "I occupy a minor position in the British government. It was easy enough to access all of your legal documentation."
He came closer to the cabinet, wand still in his hand. Pointing it at the padlock, he spoke, “Alohomora.” The cabinet door unlocked. Clearly Roylott hadn't thought to protect it from wizardkind. He must've thought he only needed to worry about Muggles.
“I don’t actually know much”, she started. “Grimesby married Mum when Julia and I were sixteen, so I guess he was… forced… to tell us. Didn’t really have a choice; we were all living together.
The three officers went down the cabinet, and Sherlock did his best not to rub his eyes at the sight of it. He was still struggling to believe that a simple piece of furniture could actually be
Sherlock drew his hands to his chin. “Did Julia ever stop asking your mother to leave Roylott?” he inquired.
But magic? Magic was a kind of art Sherlock did not know. It was Picasso: unpredictable, strange. Every stroke of the brush was there, in the right place, but still not where one would have expected it to be.
“Please. Eat something, anything,” he begged. “Some biscuits, at least.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “We won’t make it come. It will do that on its own”, he said.
“No, it isn’t,” Sherlock replied. “It took me a while to get it. Apparently some things are easier than others. Sitting is a piece of cake, but with the skull it felt like I was carrying a piano. It’s exhausting.”
, but John had seemed immune to it. The question, now, was this: could
“Except me”, Helen murmured.
This couldn’t be good. He took a deep breath, telling himself not to let worry affect him. She might have simply got up to go to the toilet; she was probably alright. But, deep inside, he wondered. Had they been too late? Had the Lethifold, perhaps, found its way back to her flat?
John looked him in the eyes, surprised at Sherlock’s confession. “You’re not mad at me?”
“Shouldn't we try and find the, er, beast… thing?”
Finally, Sherlock opened his mouth. “What if I weren’t your friend?”
“So, um... if you don’t mind me asking,” said John, “how did you know?”
But John knew him like the back of his hand: he was only human. He had, he must have, feelings.
But because of that, there was nothing Sherlock could do to keep himself entertained. No John, no drugs, no violin, no experiments... and he never thought he’d say this, but he missed
Sherlock was trying his best too, but nothing he did would ease John’s depression. In fact, John kept trying to ignore him. He’d pretend Sherlock wasn’t there. And it
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And that means…?”
“Yeah, me too, but it is what it is. We can’t bring him back, can we?” John replied.
“Hm?” John asked. He’d been too lost in his thoughts.
John chuckled. “I’m fine, don’t worry”, he said. “Besides, if there really is a killer cape out there, I wouldn’t wanna miss it”, he half-joked.
Sherlock didn’t insist. “Alright.”
John frowned. “Just three weeks?” he asked, confused.
“Whatever happened to Julia, Helen witnessed it”, Sherlock said. “The most logical hypothesis would be that someone wearing a black cape came here and murdered her. Perhaps they wore it to avoid being recognised. It’s unlikely, though, because why would they conceal themselves if they thought Julia was alone?” he asked, more to himself than to John.
“Sure, dear. I think I’ll do the same.”
be a wizard”, he realised. “Sherlock, you’re a genius!” he smiled.
, thought Sherlock, grunting as he put the book back in place.
"John-"
John was having a bad grief day, as Sherlock called it. He supposed he should have expected it. But he couldn’t bear seeing him like that: absent-minded, silent and, worst of all, crying. He had to help.
Sherlock nodded.
Suddenly, John understood. He picked up his wand and shouted, “Colloportus!”
John sighed, doing his best to calm down. “I know you did”, he said. “But… Sherlock, you can’t defend yourself against a Lethifold. What if it had escaped when you opened that door? I could’ve lost you”, John said softly, putting a hand on Sherlock’s cheek. “Please don’t ever do something like that again.”
Mycroft sighed. “My brother’s death was... part of Moriarty’s plan.”
Sherlock smirked. “Brilliant”, he whispered.
Under the debris, a Ravenclaw struggles to breathe. She’s young – no older than thirteen, perhaps – and it’s a miracle John even hears her call for help. He moves the fallen bricks aside, holds her as though it’s his own life that hangs by a thread. He performs Episkey on her, tries to keep her alive as he hurries to the hospital wing.
“Exactly!” Sherlock exclaimed. “So it’s been covered up. Besides, Helen’s stepfather is hiding something. That’s why he threatened us”, he explained.
The survivors still cheer. They notice only Voldemort’s body, but not all the other ones lying in the Hall. And John decides, then, that the war, the deaths, will never have been worth it in the end. Not if no one’s learnt their lesson.
“I loved you, Sherlock,” he confessed. “I still do. But it’s stupid, because you’re dead and there’s nothing I can do about it now. I had so many chances to say it, but I never did. I wish I had,” he said, biting back the tears. “I don’t know if you felt the same, but at least if I’d told you, things could’ve been different. We could’ve been more than friends, or something... who knows? But I didn’t take my chance when I still could. I’m sorry.”
Sherlock murmured something, almost inaudibly.
John had never done magic in front of Sherlock. He would never have exposed himself like that if it hadn’t been a matter of life or death. Therefore, it was safe to assume that the creature was magical too. If it hadn’t been, John would’ve shot at it with his gun, wouldn’t he? Magic must’ve been the only way to fight it.
John shot a deadly look in Sherlock’s general direction, begging him to shut up. He wasn’t in the right mood for this kind of one-sided conversation.
Mycroft smiled back. “It’s the least I could do.”
He couldn’t remember what was going on. It had become a bit of a blur. He quickly scanned his surroundings. He was at St. Bart’s. He could see John. There were some people standing around something on the pavement. Were they...? Yes, most of them were from the homeless network. But why were they all gathered up? Oh, it must be a corpse. Surely. Was it Christmas after all?
“Yeah,” John said. “Yeah, you’re right.”
“I no longer doubt that,” Sherlock elaborated. “There wasn’t a moment where I thought it wasn’t going to happen eventually. Do you see? I no longer doubt this. You. Us.”
Sherlock felt his smile widen. "I shattered it."
No reply.
He shrugged. "My brother works in an expensive office where they barely allow people in, let alone pets."
As if to underline his words, the detective proceeded to empty his own glass with four large gulps, setting the glass down with a huff. "See?"
"John? Where are you going?"
Using the door to catch his weight, John hopped upwards and pressed his paws down on the door handle, using all his weight to tug it down. There was a click and the door gave way beneath his weight, swinging open and allowing him to return to all fours and enter his home.
"You can have a pot of the stuff if it means you'll eat a proper breakfast," John said. "And I'll be the one who decides what a proper breakfast is, because if you do it, you'll eat half a dry toast."
Out in the street, someone starts up a jack hammer and they both grimace.
All too soon, it was evening and Sherlock excused himself to take Redbeard for a walk while John made sure Rosie ate dinner and then got her ready for bed. He walked around Regent's Park, thinking of the promise he had made to Mrs Hudson and wondering if fulfilling it would destroy him for good.
John smiled. “I'll buy you books about magic, I promise. It's too much to explain in just one night”, he said. “By the way, d'you know where my wand went?”
Whatever had attacked them fit Helen’s description. It must’ve been what killed Julia, and now it had come to kill Helen as well. It wasn’t anything like Sherlock had ever seen before, and John had driven it off with
TRIGGER WARNING: Discussions of Domestic Abuse
. It was monstrous, eerie,
He will continue to help the ill and injured, but from now on, it will be in the muggle world.
John forced a shy smile. “Thanks, Mycroft. For telling me.”
Sorry that this chapter was a little shorter than the previous ones, but I did it for the cliffhanger. Sorry about the cliffhanger as well.
Also, this fic is almost coming to an end. There will be one more chapter and possibly an epilogue.
He hummed. “And you watch telly. You know why I’m here. I’m here because–” he paused, his voice breaking.
-Brief descriptions of corpses (they're not relevant; you might as well skip them if they make you uncomfortable).
He shook his head. He couldn’t keep thinking about that now, not when he had more important priorities. “John, please don’t–”
John had clenched his fist. "How do you know that?"
He kept watching the CCTV that night, even after John had gone to bed. After an hour staring at the empty living room though, he was beginning to wonder if he too should get some rest and go on with his investigations in the morning. But suddenly, something caught his eye.
, he thought,
“Shit,” he exclaimed, just then noticing Lestrade rushing towards them.
When night fell, Catherine went back home to Harry, and Sherlock was finally left alone at John’s bedside. His gaze fell on him, old and fragile; and
“I’ve meant to tell you sooner, but I just didn’t know how and–”
he thought to himself. He was no expert, but they certainly looked dangerous. Sherlock didn't think a dragon was the kind of animal you could buy at a pet shop.
They’d just arrived at Helen’s flat. Luckily for their investigation, she had inherited it from Julia after her death, so gaining access wasn’t a problem.
“There’s stuff that you wanted to say,” Ella spoke, “but you didn’t say it.”
“What did you do that for?!” Sherlock complained, noticing the door was locked.
He shook his head to deny the claim but John was not to be deterred and a moment later his mouth was on Sherlock’s aching erection and he was no longer willing or able to argue. Instead, he let his head fall back and groaned, trying to keep his hips still and refrain from thrusting up and
They kissed for several long minutes until Sherlock managed to gather enough brain cells to take in John’s state. He wanted him in his mouth rather desperately but could tell he wouldn’t get to enjoy it for very long if he tried, so he merely shoved his hand past John’s waistband and took hold of him. He set up a swift, smooth rhythm, keeping a careful eye on John’s face and altering the speed of his hand as needed. It wasn’t long before John’s mouth dropped open and he came with a strangled groan, roughly thrusting into Sherlock’s hand and collapsing on top of him.
John let his fingers tease at the waistband of Sherlock’s pyjamas. “Yes?”
“Which ones were yours?”
“Lestrade texted about a murder.”
The brothers shared a long look. Finally, Mycroft gave the tiniest smile. "They will of course have to be informed."
At 8pm, Mary buys herself a bottle of water in a shop less than 5 minutes away from the pool. She is carrying a smallish duffel bag that looks like it has something long shoved into it.
"That will be enough of that," he said. "I suppose I should be glad you didn't have ready access to a knife this time around, eh, Weronikia? Poor Freddy wasn't quite so lucky, was he?"
"I play the violin when I'm thinking and sometimes I don't talk for days. Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other."
With that knowledge in mind, John did not expect to find much - if any - information on one particular Psy on the internet and was therefore surprised to discover that not only did Sherlock Holmes' name have several mentions, but that he also had his own website.
Perhaps it was the
John felt a surge of amusement at the sight of this small woman standing opposite Sherlock's six foot one. What she lacked in height, she made up for in personality.
He sighed. "Can we please not talk about it? Not ... not now."
"You, smiling. It's the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."
"John," he said, nudging John's leg with his foot.
John watched Sherlock busy himself with his datapad, occasionally sipping his tea, and fought the urge to walk over to him.
John gestured with his cup, barely preventing tea from sloshing over the rim. "I was touching you for what must have been hours and you don't even have a headache. You've been more relaxed than I've ever seen you. You're
They were almost asleep when John remembered. "Oh, wait!"
And, judging by the way Sherlock's transport was repeatedly betraying him, it was only a matter of time until he met someone who struck his fancy or at least caught his attention long enough for Sherlock to decide that perhaps scratching the itch would help make it go away.
"Good," Sherlock muttered.
The cab ride passed in silence, their driver one of the less chatty cabbies. John was glad for it - he had vivid memories of what happened when a talkative cab driver got on Sherlock's nerves and wasn't keen on an encore while he was unable to soothe ruffled feathers.
He made it all the way to his bed, collapsing on the edge of the mattress with his elbows on his knees and his face buried in his hands. He felt mildly sick.
we are in love, rather than the other way around."
“Go and pick a dog,” John told him, smiling.
"I can hardly claim he hasn't got a point when his presence is indeed influencing
It was late morning, judging by the angle of the light coming in through the windows, so clearly it was his day off. There was no shift at the surgery that would allow him to still be home at this time of day otherwise.
“Uh ... late March I think? I remember Murray had brought shorts and flip-flops.”
He thought he could die happy from now on. No matter what the world threw at him, in this one moment he had John and that was all that mattered.
She smiled politely at Sherlock. "Now, sir, I understand you are worried about your friend, but there are certain rules and one of them is registering at the front desk. That's what it's there for."
Sherlock frowned at him. "It's a paw and he cut it. Incidentally, I need you to find the person responsible and arrest them."
Two Psy lay on the floor, motionless.
"There is nothing to talk about," Sherlock informed her stiffly. It really was quite cold in here. He wished he had brought his coat.
Lost in thought, he followed Sherlock through London's darkened streets until they reached the Chinese restaurant at the end of Baker Street the detective had mentioned. It was still open, as Sherlock had said, and John breathed a contented sigh as they slid into a booth by the window.
"Still at Baker Street. I left him with Mrs Hudson, told her not to let him out of her sight. I think she knows."
John nodded, as if inventing your profession was perfectly normal. "And what exactly does that mean?"
After an endless minute, the lead scientist approached them.
“Sounds more like you were doubting me,” John pointed out.
"Oh, he managed to convey the message clearly enough anyway," Sherlock told her with a dismissive wave of his hand.
John rolled his eyes. "How heart-warming."
“John would be the groom?”
Sherlock thought.
"Done," the Psy in question said just then, tearing John from his thoughts.
"Poor Molly will need a holiday after this," Lestrade muttered. "Or would, if she weren't Psy."
“You looked like you needed it,” John replied, eyeing him in return. “Those circles under your eyes look a bit better at least. When was the last time you had a proper night’s sleep?”
*****
John blinked at her. "You just said it yourself, though I wouldn't quite put it that way. We're letting people draw their conclusions and not correcting them. He's just trying to help them toward the wrong conclusion."
"It's under the floor boards," Sherlock said, letting go of John's hand and carefully maneouvering around the old furniture, piles of wooden planks and replacement roof tiles that always seemed to find their way into attics.
"Not if you want me to stay over here, where I can't throw all my nice little resolutions out the window and drag you up to my bed and not let you go for days."
He was some sort of setter, John thought. Certainly looked as if he had an Irish Setter somewhere in there, with his soft reddish-brown fur. He was wearing a collar with a tag, his name on one side and a phone number on the other. John assumed it was Sherlock's and wondered if he should maybe save it. He decided against it. If Sherlock wanted him to be able to contact him directly, he would say so. At the moment, it didn't look as if Sherlock even wanted to be in the same room with him.
It has occured to him that having her first word be "Daddy" or some variation thereof might cheer John up, so he tells her at every opportunity. It is surprisingly difficult to teach her without John noticing - it would be easier if he could just point at him and repeat the word until she realises there is a connection there.
*****
"Well, I hardly see why I should blame you for whatever you find," she said firmly. "I do not believe in shooting the messenger, as the saying goes. To be quite honest with you, I do not believe that anything you find out could be worse than what I am already going through." She drew back her shoulders. "Ask what questions you like, and I shall do my best to try and answer them."
Molly was a good audience. She didn’t ask stupid questions and gasped in all the right places.
He shook his head, clearly upset with himself, and grasped Sherlock's hands. "I truly didn't know. Didn't dare to hope, really. I'm sorry it took me so long."
He pulled his phone from his pocket and hit speed dial. “Mycroft, John’s moving back in. Get it done.”
Two days after he moved into 221b Baker Street, John came home to find Sherlock on the sitting room floor, surrounded by sheets of paper. It shouldn't have been unusual at all but John froze in the doorway, his mouth open.
As if his thoughts had summoned her, he heard Mrs Hudson's door open and close downstairs and her footsteps on the stairs a moment later.
He could feel John sigh and nod. "All right. Come on, get up," he said, pushing at Sherlock's shoulders. "You're having a quick shower and then we're going to sleep."
At any rate, he was glad to be rid of both the bandage and the injury, and Sherlock seemed equally pleased to see him firmly back on his feet - or paws, as it were. They went for a quick walk in the park so John could go about his business and then hurried back home. Sherlock seemed eager to move and John wondered how much of that was due to his friend wishing to avoid any more women trying to flirt with him.
Lestrade shot him a pitying look. "Listen, I know you never liked these speculations but it's not like they were entirely unfounded. So I suppose I get why he wouldn't talk about his husband to you, what with your history, or rather lack thereof. But he's hurting badly. And I can't help him through this. He needs you."
"But you would do it all over again," John said.
*****
'Professional hit' had been the most likely conclusion at the time, even as the motive continued to elude them. So ... motive should be her first step.
"Too late for that now," Sherlock said, his voice quiet. John thought he could hear a note of regret.
Lestrade put his own gun down and very carefully stepped forward, approaching slowly. From this close, he could smell both John and Sherlock and instantly understood the cause of the low growl coming from deep within John's throat.
Suddenly, Sherlock took in the bottles of scotch hidden underneath John’s jacket. Stupid, stupid, stupid! The worry had made him ignore obvious, vital details. What was happening to him?
He shook his head. They were alright. They had to go on.
“I’m fine”, John assured. “I’m fine, Sherlock, really!” he repeated when Sherlock kept checking him. “He just disarmed me. I’m okay.”
John frowned. "What?"
. Because Sherlock bloody cared about him, but maybe if he didn’t, Moriarty wouldn’t have threatened him with John’s life. Or maybe he would’ve told Moriarty to sod off, and who cared if it was John who’d died instead? At least Sherlock would’ve lived.
“I... I wasn’t planning to die. Moriarty had threatened to kill you, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson if I didn’t commit suicide.
brilliant. Roylott had considered every little detail. He had planned Julia’s murder carefully and coldly. It was, magical or not, at least a 9 in Sherlock’s scale.
It was the only way. Sherlock knew it was risky to ask. While he
“I’m so sorry he did that”, Helen apologised, upon hearing her stepfather had paid John and Sherlock a visit. “I should’ve told you. He’s a bit… impulsive”, she said, opening her door and showing them in.
John looked at him, confused. “You think Roylott’s a wizard?” he asked. “He can’t be, I would’ve met him before. Wizarding communities are very small”, he said, frowning. He sat down on the bed, head in his hands. “No! Wait!” he exclaimed suddenly, looking up. “He’s American. If he moved here after I left the wizarding world... He
“Yes,” Mycroft said, his eyes lost in the flames. “The rest of the plan was followed regardless. We couldn’t risk the snipers seeing the airbag and thinking we were after them. Such an error would’ve put your own life in danger, so we moved it out of the way and... let you see Sherlock’s body.”
“Just go away,” was John’s reply, muffled by a pillow.
He was angry in a way, but not at Mycroft. Perhaps it was the realisation that Sherlock never wanted to leave him, but had to, without the chance to say a proper goodbye before it was too late. Perhaps it was the fact that he’d tried to stay, but life had ripped him away from him and there was nothing anyone could’ve done to stop that happening.
John Watson deserved a happy life, not this.
. It would’ve been a good way to escape his boredom, but he didn’t need to sleep. Therefore he couldn’t. Oh, how he envied John, who was in bed upstairs.
“So I’ve got that appointment on Thursday,” he tried to chat as he sipped his tea. “With Ella.”
They were momentarily blinded by the brightness of John’s Patronus. It came out of his wand with ease - unlike Dementors, Lethifolds didn’t make it hard to cast the Patronus Charm - and it was shaped like a hedgehog. Despite its small size, it was effective: the Lethifold slid back underneath the window, fleeing.
, he thought,
Nothing happened. Roylott wasn’t there. Peeking out the door, John was glad to see Helen still asleep on the sofa. This was good. They could keep her in the flat; she wouldn’t know a thing. She would be safe.
“What the bloody hell was that all about?” he asked as soon as he’d closed the door.
Sherlock looked around. “There”, he said. “Next to that cabinet.” He walked towards it and bent down to pick up John's wand.
But he had to.
, but I'm letting you know just in case).
PS: The next few updates will take a little longer. I'm sorry.
John clenched his teeth. He’d have to speak for his friend, but that didn’t mean he wanted to. “He wants to know if you liked it.”
“Oh, no, you won’t”, Sherlock said between gritted teeth. He began to pull the mop slowly, trying to bring the creature closer without scaring it away. He was almost there, he could almost grab it, and…
“Great,” smiled Greg.
Ah, the bravery of the soldier it was now. Pretending he was coping well, trying to show logical reasoning to hide the heartbreak. John had always been one to think with his heart, no matter how much sense he’d always managed to talk into Sherlock; and yet he’d constantly try to prevent his emotions from escaping into the outside world (in all futility, if you asked the Holmeses).
"Welcome to
They were most likely Roman numerals. If there had been more numbers, he would have assumed it was a date. He knew their wedding had been in early March and that clearly wasn't part of this engraving. But perhaps it was some sort of binary code? If so, John had no idea what it might mean.
"I would have thought him being rich would help," Lestrade argued. "There are poor Psy."
Sherlock found himself nodding. He had no idea what was happening but for some reason he couldn't fathom, he had said what he wanted out loud and the world hadn't ended and nothing seemed to be on fire.
While they were talking, Sherlock had already slipped on a pair of gloves and was carefully examining the body.
"Sherlock?" Now John definitely sounded intrigued.
"And if we were keeping a record, I would be happy to write it down," John said, scraping the last morsels onto his fork. "There, done. Can we please go home now?"
*****
he thought to himself, rather despairingly.
"I figured you might like to celebrate," he said when John gave him a questioning look. "Freedom at last."
John nodded. "Good. Glad you agree. So please sign the bloody papers so I can get my life back in order and start planning my actual wedding."
"All in due time," Sherlock said. "Ah. I believe they have discovered a crowbar and are making an attempt on the door. Come on, John!"
Sherlock looked surprised and equally pleased to see him. "John. What are you doing here?"
Lestrade was more than halfway through his pint and just contemplating whether he should order another one or leave it at one drink for tonight when Sherlock spoke.
Lestrade grimaced, no doubt imagining something gory. "I don't even want to know. Anyway, I don't have a case for you this time. Just thought you might want these."
"Course not."
"Bloody hell."
He read it slowly, first in disbelief, then with mounting horror.
*****
John laughed, dragged his pants and trousers back up and pulled Sherlock in for a slightly clumsy kiss. It felt as if he were conducting a strip-search of Sherlock's mouth, moaning at the combined taste of them on Sherlock's tongue, and when he finally pulled back, there was a low heat in his eyes. "Let's get you cleaned up and then we can just ... forget about dinner and stay in bed all night."
John's hands seem to burn right through the fabric of Sherlock's shirt and into his skin, he's so aware of his touch he can feel every little flex of John's fingers. For a moment, he imagines he can feel John's pulse there.
"Any time, John."
"Not at all," she said quickly, grinning. "It... works, somehow. Ty, I know you're making a face behind my back. Stop it."
One corner of John’s mouth twitched into a rather sad smile. “Knew they call you a genius for a reason.”
Then again, if he were human, they would not have ended up in this situation in the first place.
He allowed Mycroft to carry Sherlock all the way to his room and watched as the Psy carefully deposited his brother on the bed.
"He's a doctor," Sherlock said with a shrug. "You know, all the talk about lung cancer and so on and so forth." He took a defiant drag from his cigarette. John decided to berate him for that later. "What about you, then?"
John blinked, realising how the order might have sounded in the context of what had happened earlier. He shrugged it off. "Because you look dead on your feet. This is a hotel, Sherlock, guests are expected to relax. You look like you haven't slept in a week, probably because you haven't, so I'm ordering you to do so now. This bed is more than big enough for the two of us."
To be robbed of one of these advantages so soon after discovering it was simply unfair.
John glared at him. "None of your business."
“Sherlock,” John tried again.
They nodded at each other and Lestrade turned and walked away, leaving Sherlock alone in the hallway with some interesting new ideas to consider. Perhaps it was time to make use of that comb and brush Mycroft's people had packed.
John cursed, writhing on the mattress at the relentless, curious licks and kisses Sherlock bestowed upon him, each touch a delightful surprise to both of them.
A quick nod and then John was blessedly alone.
It suddenly occurs to her that the reason Mrs Hudson was never able to find renters had nothing to do with mould.
He flipped open the folder and was just about to turn the cover sheet when his brain caught up with what he was seeing: Leonardo DaVinci's
He could still feel John's snarl vibrating in his bones, a deep, thrilling sort of terror that had made every hair on his neck stand to attention as instincts hard-wired into his genes all jangled awake to raise the alarm.
He groaned, waiting for his pulse and breathing to calm down, and finally very carefully moved his hands. The motion sent another shiver down his spine, the aftershocks of a truly spectacular orgasm travelling through his entire body like seismic waves.
Sherlock smirked, accepting his momentary victory in the naming game. "Lead the way."
"Allow it?" He knew he was repeating half the conversation but he just couldn't help it.
To his surprise, Sherlock started stroking his head in an almost absent-minded manner, like any dog owner might to keep their companion calm during a car ride.
“John, we’ve been over this. No need to apologise,” Sherlock chided him softly. “Believe it or not, it did actually occur to me that the funeral might trigger more nightmares.”
"Ah, Shon, 'ow 'ood o' 'ou 'o 'oin uff," Sherlock greeted him.
"Hm, yes. She doesn't like people making a fuss."
She really doesn't know how it happened - how keeping Holmes alive became part of her life. But it is and there's no point arguing. She'll never be friends with him, she thinks, but she doesn't hate him, either. And she supposes anything that isn't open hostility is already a step forward.
Too small. His voice sounded too small for this conversation, betraying all his pain so easily.
"Let me guess - more tests?"
Crime picked up, or at least Lestrade called Sherlock about crime increasingly often, and they fell back into their usual rhythm of crime scenes and visits to Barts and Scotland Yard and post-case take-out or late-night visits to restaurants in whatever part of the city they happened to be in at the time.
"Mrs Hudson and Mycroft? What have they got to do with anything?"
There was no reply when he knocked, but he hadn't expected one. Slowly, he pushed the door open and then stayed standing there for a bit, staring at the figure on the bed as his heart squeezed painfully in his chest.
Sherlock bit back a groan. Any sound might wake John and this peaceful moment of bliss would end and he didn't want that to happen. He tried to snuggle deeper into the bed without actually moving.
True to his word, Sherlock returned to Mr Hendriksen's office immediately after dinner that evening. This time, he brought John with him.
"Let me get this right. We're getting married in a month - four weeks - and Sherlock is dragging you off on a case to the middle of nowhere?" Mary sounded absolutely scandalised.
Instead, he made dinner. He needed to be kept occupied in the kitchen for as long as possible, so he began cutting up vegetables for soup and, once he had enough, kept cutting and slicing and dicing until he had enough to freeze several bags of carrots for days when he didn't feel like spending too much time preparing his dinner.
light, this is what you would see:
Sherlock let out a shuddering breath and held John tighter, still in disbelief that he was allowed to do this now, right here in the middle of their sitting room. "And you're really sure about this?"
A look into the future:
"Well, I might want to go to the loo before forever starts, then," John suggested, wondering if Sherlock could feel how hard his heart was beating all of a sudden. The sheer joy might kill him. "Let me up for a minute?"
Leaning forward, he dropped the best man's speech onto the floor as well and buried his face in his hands. If Sherlock had wanted to make a move, to tell him the truth, then their week away from London would have provided him with the perfect opportunity.
No, this had been better. John would never forget seeing Sherlock walk through the door and Rosie launching herself into his arms. Not for as long as he lived, he was certain, and probably not after that, either. The joy on Sherlock's face as he had held her had been beyond description.
Mud and rain and moss and leaves and wood - scents of the forest, which was no surprise considering they'd been walking through it only last night. The stale scent of cigarettes was a surprise, however, but it was faded and he quickly realised it was nothing but the remnants of the smoking habit Sherlock had given up on not so long ago. Apparently, the scent was too deeply ingrained in the fabric of the coat to dissipate any time soon - or possibly at all.
"Sherlock. This is unexpected."
He steeled himself. It had been at least half an hour since John had said these outrageous words - plenty of time for him to change his mind. Sherlock wasn't entirely certain how he would deal with having this snatched away from him now.
"You're right," John said, his thumb swiping along Sherlock's jawline in a very distracting way. "It would have been rather tiring. I dislike the idea of us having to hide. But I do like that we can now start our little game with the Yard in earnest."
But Sherlock wasn’t done yet. “The British Museum had a sarcophagus shipped all the way from Egypt but couldn’t afford to actually buy it, so Soane bought it instead for 3,000 pounds - an unspeakably huge amount of money at the time - and had it lowered into the cellar through a hole in his ceiling. And then he apparently held a 3-day-long party with all of London's high society to celebrate his purchase.”
John groaned. "Oh god."
John shook his head. "He tried to speak when I attempted to rouse him in the flat but he was too out of it. We'll have to wait for him to wake."
He could feel Sherlock turn into a statue next to him, not moving a muscle.
It was late, the doors to the flat were closed and Mrs Hudson had gone to bed at least an hour ago. He could indulge himself a little. Perhaps if he got it out of his system now, he could maintain his composure better the next time he met John in person.
Sherlock decided to start practising as soon as John came out of the bath.
*****
“Good morning,” he said, eyeing John carefully. He looked ... normal. It was disturbing.
John shoved his phone back into his pocket, mentally ticking off task one from his list of things to take care of:
It was only after he had left the room that Sherlock realised he had been so overwhelmed he had forgotten to hug John back.
Luckily, she won't have to risk her career and personal integrity for any such thing. Not with someone like Mycroft Holmes apparently only too happy to lend a hand.
Sherlock whimpered again and the sound morphed into a moan halfway through. His skin felt very hot.
Sherlock was surprisingly warm, though he could not hope to match John's natural body temperature that humans would have classified as a mild fever. He hummed as Sherlock pressed closer, his arms tightening around John's body. The Psy swayed a little where he stood, which may have been a contributing factor. John tightened his own grip in response.
It was never going to be okay, no matter what happened. They were already so far past the point of no return, he didn't even know why he was fighting it any more.
"This licking thing really needs to stop, John. What is it about wrists that's so interesting?"
She isn't at all surprised when they reach the ghostly underground station to find Sherlock Holmes and John Watson standing on the platform. Down the tunnel behind them, there is a lot of activity.
No one in full possession of their sanity would ever walk away from someone like Mary for the sake of someone like Sherlock. He knew that much beyond a doubt, even though sometimes he had allowed himself to hope. But he had always known it was nothing but a dream, a childish wish that would not come true.
"Yes, yes, all of this is fascinating, I'm sure," Sherlock interrupted. "Can we get back to the case now?"
murder..." She didn't sound convinced.
She made them both tea in the morgue's small staff kitchen and within minutes he found himself sitting opposite her, telling her everything they had learnt about Mary in the intervening time.
It took almost six hours until Sherlock blinked and opened his eyes while Judd sagged in his chair, both of them rubbing their temples.
John wished he could groan.
There was nothing for it but to wait. Sherlock had never been very good at waiting.
“This was a good idea,” John said, licking his ice cream. “I realise I say that every time we go out but we
"William," Sherlock promptly lied. "William Sigerson. John and I arrived today."
"You barge in here with no greeting whatsoever, not as much as a 'how do you do' and start making demands like I'm some sort of trained monkey. So no, I won't sign anything. You're not in a position to ask anything of me, John. I have already gone above and beyond for you and it hasn't bought me anything. So pardon me for not wishing to continue down that path."
With the way Sherlock was looking at him, John actually believed him. Sherlock wasn't one for hyperbole, after all, and he never said something he didn't mean unless he was actively lying. There was no reason for him to be doing so right now.
The room was changed entirely now. Gone was the desk they had set up, and there was no sign of the two Billy bookcases they had put up against the far wall on either side of the window. Pale green curtains were hung in front of that window now. The smell of fresh paint hung in the air and the room itself was painted a warm yellow, with a row of cartoon elephants parading along at about hip height. John’s gaze followed them to the crib that had been placed in the corner.
"Seriously? The freak got a dog and named him after his flatmate?"
Of course, the idle thought was merely a distraction from the fact that he could feel Sherlock shaking because for some reason he was plastered against his back, his arms wrapped around Sherlock’s torso and his face pressed to the back of his neck.
Sherlock shrugged. "I'd keep bees, of course."
Upon leaving the breakfast hall some time later, they almost walked into a group of guests who had apparently been waiting for them.
John shooed Sherlock out of the flat and to Barts right after breakfast. “I can feel your restless energy from across the room. Go annoy Molly for a bit, conduct some fun experiments, don’t bring back too many body parts and have a good time. I’ll see you tonight.”
They stared at one another and John knew he was winning. Sherlock was simply too tired to hold up his end of the stare.
There was nothing John could say to that.
They were still in their box, cushioned on white satin and sitting in plain sight on the desk in the sitting room. Precisely where John had left them. He walked across the room to retrieve them, determined to grab the box and leave before Sherlock's absence became too depressing for him to bear.
He ruffled John's head again and got up, leaving the tiles on the floor as he walked into the kitchen and started making tea.
"Seen a lot of action then, have you? Been in trouble too, I bet."
That earned him a round of titters from the officers that had slowly sidled closer, desperate not to miss the show.
John wrapped both arms around his friend's lanky body and pulled him down, crushing Sherlock against him as he struggled to breathe through the shock that was finally catching up with him.
Smiling, Sherlock allowed himself to be led through the entrance. “Can we call him Johnny?”
He shrugged, deciding to play it off. "It was not quite the trip I expected," he confessed. "Sherlock's been acting even stranger than usually."
"A brilliant madman," John promptly said.
"I know what it is, John. Mistletoe is used in medicine to treat respiratory and circulatory system problems and to catch birds in South Africa. What I want to know is what it is doing dangling from our ceiling."
"How's your head?"
He shivered again and had to abruptly stop his pacing to grasp hold of the mantelpiece. "Fuck."
He was just rinsing his mouth when the door to the bathroom was opened and Sherlock poked his head in. "Did you get lost in there?"
"This is where you live now? Cor, John, that's not half bad," Tyson said as he stepped into their sitting room.
Sherlock thought. "You could work with me."
Mrs Holmes nods sadly. "My son has changed a great deal in the last couple of years," she says. Her tone makes it clear she doesn't necessarily consider all of it a good thing.
Sherlock did take John to see the museum the next day and they spent an entertaining two hours roaming through the old Victorian building, laughing about the statues and frescoes and trying not to giggle as one of the museum’s volunteers went into great detail about the election process depicted on the paintings.
"I can't really imagine you as a police inspector," Patrick told him thoughtfully. "A lawyer, on the other hand ..."
Sherlock sighed - and told him a half-truth. "I told you when we arrived that we would simply let people assume what they do. Yet the moment someone did, you got ready to tell them all about Mary and how we were merely good mates and then got angry with me for preventing you from doing so. We're hardly unknown faces, John. Fake names and the remote location are rather thin disguises as it is; you giving them further information about us is hardly going to help. What do you think will happen if the killer realises who I am?"
"I will," he said, stepped around Mycroft and left.
Thank you so much for joining me on this adventure and for trusting me on this ride despite my refusal to indicate how many chapters this would have until the end.
John smiled. “And that surprised you so much you had to stop and process?”
John made an estimated guess. "Your liquor?"
The smile playing around Sherlock's lips grew more profound. "Indeed, why not, John?"
The maid, Emma, hurried away, leaving Sherlock alone with the cook.
*****
Sherlock made a soft noise in his throat and John pulled away.
John noticed Sherlock was distracted by the conversation and gave a vicious tug, wrenching his head to the left and putting some of his weight behind it. The branch slid from Sherlock's grasp and they both stumbled. John gave a muffled bark of triumph around the branch in his mouth. He wondered if he looked half as smug as he felt.
"Goodbye, John."
Sally gapes at him. "Who does?"
Within minutes, John’s head was lolling forward and he moaned as Sherlock dug in, pressing down on a particularly tense knot.
That was what it came down to, of course.
"Talk about what, John? It's just transport. I didn't think you'd care."
"Definitely," Sherlock sighed. "I didn't sign."
He turned to John: "I'm reasonably certain they don't intend to physically harm her. If murder was the goal, they could have found an infinite number of less dangerous methods to achieve their end without risking exposure. But they went to all that trouble to take her toy and her bag. What's in it?"
Sally thinks its fascinating how he can pretend to be so cold and aloof and yet she knows he once threw a man out of a window for scratching Mrs Hudson's cheek. She has seen the dents on the bins.
in love with you ... and you asked me to be your best man."
But when he opened his eyes, he found himself staring at the unmistakeable cable knit of John's favourite jumper.
"That's one way of looking at it, I guess," Lestrade said. "Obviously from a professional standpoint I really can't condone murder, but personally I have to say I'm glad it all worked out all right for you, John. Though I suppose I would have been happier if it had done so without someone dying."
John stared at Sherlock, tried to find any hints of a lie in his face or the tone of his voice, but all he saw was honesty and a mute resignation that suggested Sherlock didn’t really expect him to believe him. There was something else in his eyes, too, a shadow John didn’t want to know about, didn’t want to see. They already had so much darkness between them. Perhaps it was time to let in some light.
Sherlock shook his head. "There are too many possibilities. Perhaps it was an accident. Perhaps we are dealing with a copycat. It is too early to tell. I shall have to wait for Dr Hooper's autopsy report before I can come to any conclusions. However, I would appreciate your medical opinion in the meantime."
Sherlock nodded but it was clear that he didn't understand this at all. John decided to let it drop. There was only so much he could do.
John watched him go and forced himself not to stare at his arse.
"I will take over from here," a cool voice said behind him and Lestrade whirled to find two Psy males standing in the doorway. One of them looked like a soldier, though he seemed to be using a prosthetic arm. The other looked like ... well, like the Psy Councillor they sometimes saw on the news. He had the night-sky eyes of a Cardinal.
"I'm so glad you're feeling entertained by this mess," Lestrade said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
John froze, listening intently to figure out what had made Sherlock stop in his tracks.
"Where?" Sherlock demanded, interrupting before their locked gazes could turn into a dangerous staring match.
He thought about the possibility of this continuing for another two months or so until they could really see the results and another shudder racked his body.
She nodded. "Good point."
"Mystery writer, eh?" John said, smiling. Then he frowned. "And what are we? Friends? In a relationship?"
"Fascinating," Sherlock said, and the tone of his voice suggested he would be taking notes if he thought John would let him. Screw that, he was probably taking notes in his head. A genius like him likely didn't need to write things down to remember them.
Sherlock blinked. "It's a ring," he said slowly, as if he thought Lestrade was a bit slow. "You should know, you've got one yourself. Or used to."
******
He had never felt more alive in as long as he could remember, never felt this sort of mindless obsession with another person's body.
The sudden absence of a half-naked, warm body caused an interesting mix of relief and acute disappointment as John felt himself cool down both literally and metaphorically. He knew he was the one who had said they had time and could go slow and he wanted Sherlock to be sure, but he would be lying if he didn’t admit he also just wanted Sherlock, period.
Sherlock looked so pleased with himself, it made John's heart squeeze affectionately.
John hopped onto the seat next to Sherlock and put his head on his lap as soon as Sherlock had fastened his safety belt, mimicking their position on the long and hellish ride back home from Baskerville.
Sherlock had tried to keep the afternoon and evening relaxed and as lighthearted as possible but he wasn’t surprised when John still woke up shaking just after 2 am. If it only took a bottle of lemonade to keep nightmares at bay, Sherlock would make one every day.
Here's a little secret: John isn't very good at making tea. It's reliably free of chemical additives that don't naturally belong in tea, but that's about all that can be said about it. Sherlock, on the other hand, makes tea as if he learned it in a tea ceremony somewhere in rural China in the 19th century. Except for the chemicals, of course, but he does make an effort not to put these in these days and even washes out the cups beforehand.
Lestrade sighed. "Look ... you and John have a rather unique relationship. You're close. And a lot of that is because you talk to each other all the damn time. You don't shut up, ever, either of you. But now he can't talk back. Listen, from what I've seen, you guys work because he follows you on your mad adventures and you listen to him when he tells you to be sensible."
By now, his cat was getting increasingly agitated and that agitation manifested in John's increased need for physical contact and the almost desperate desire to find and bed a willing partner.
"Jam," Sherlock said instantly. "Raspberry."
The officer poised his pen. “At what point did you first become aware that something had happened?”
Sherlock, seeing no reason to waste time better spent on research, said: "John, what are skin privileges?"
And still John didn't text, or call, or visit.
Something else occurred to him and he asked the question more to distract Molly from her course of enquiry than because he really wanted to.
Unable to stop himself, John stepped forward and raised his hand to let it trail down Sherlock's face from his left temple across the arch of his cheekbone towards that full mouth, allowing his fingertips to linger ever so slightly on his lips before dropping away. "Good. I'll give you more things to consider in time."
Mrs Hudson insists on saying grace before dinner, though she does add her thanks for Sherlock's safe return and 'if murder has to happen, at least make it interesting for my boys'. Sally tries not to giggle into her plate.
Even now, after six months, it was hard to remember his return as anything but a nightmare. To John perhaps it had been less so - at least all he had had to grapple with was Sherlock's initial lie, which was being drowned out by the joy of having him back. Sherlock, on the other hand, had come back to see everything he had fought to come home to slipping right through his hands. And he couldn't even talk to John about it.
"Nothing we can give him, at least," Molly agrees.
He spotted Harry in the crowd and dragged John towards her without sparing John's parents another glance. "Did you find us a good place to stay?"
All thoughts of apologising and making a run for it were swept clean from his mind as his entire being focused on the precise feel and taste and sound of Sherlock Holmes beneath him. He tasted of toothpaste and the tea John had made for him earlier and beneath that of something impossible to define that tasted like Sherlock's voice sounded - sinful and forbidden and dangerous. Everything John lived for.
Sherlock blinked up at him and beamed. "Oh, John! Just in time, I wanted your opinion on something."
Johnny whined at her.
And the only possible reason that came to mind was John's approaching wedding.
He nodded vigorously, making her laugh. "That's my boy. Now then, I'll leave you to it. Sherlock, do remember that John needs some kind of exercise even if he is to stay off his paw until it heals. Time to put that big brain to use and find a way to play with him."
"You didn't call," he said softly. "You made me her godfather and you didn't even
"Transactions?," John echoed.
"I could if it was necessary. But I can tell you that the murderer wasn't one of them."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and decided to change the topic, acutely aware that John's hearing would quite likely allow him to pick up on their conversation.
Hands bracketing his hips, fingertips worming beneath the waistband of his pants.
Sherlock remained silent for the rest of the ride home.
"Not while I'm on the case," Sherlock said and gave the woman a cursory glance. "Have you been with the company long, Mrs -?"
But it wasn't okay, Sherlock thought desperately, looking down at John and wondering when it had all gone so wrong.
For the first time ever, John witnessed his brilliant mate at a loss for words. "Fantastic," he murmured, gathering Sherlock close. "It's fantastic."
Even with his medical training John could barely imagine it. To changelings, even a loner such as himself, touch was integral. Packmates frequently greeted one another with hugs or kisses, and while those skin privileges were only given to people they trusted - friends, lovers, packmates, mates - they were essential for their mental and emotional stability.
"Nor do I wish to know," Sherlock told him, not entirely truthfully. "It has no impact on my work or our living arrangement. He refuses to shift, so it is beside the point. If he wishes to tell me, he will do so in his own time."
They had briefly touched on Psy anatomy in his training - physically speaking they were the weakest of the three races but their psychic abilities and ruthless goal-oriented thinking made up for any physical shortcomings. Still, their bodies were slightly more breakable than even those of humans. In terms of physical resilience, changelings had the advantage.
Sherlock moaned softly and his voice shook a little as he continued. "Y-you think? Anyway, Mycroft had all the papers ready within the hour. Looking back and given your words, I think he's had them ready from the day you moved in. He had his underlings hack the registrar's office's systems and fooled them into thinking we had a long-standing appointment that they had somehow missed. We went there, all our papers were in order, they decided it must have been an oversight on their part and we were married. It took less than half an hour. Afterwards, we went back home and had dinner and watched something on the telly and you eventually went to bed. I stayed up all night and when you came downstairs the next morning, you had no recollection of what had happened. And you already know why I chose not to mention it to you."
Instead, he simply hailed a cab and left.
"You were watching me?"
Sherlock smiled. “Even then. Funny you should say that, incidentally.” He gestured at the sitting room. “Mrs Hudson and I already made a start yesterday. We spent some hours reading old case files and compiling a list of people who uttered threats against you, me or both of us.”
Sally blinks. "He what?"
He remembered John aiming his gun at the Golem and his voice, firm and furious.
John sighed. "That's what I thought you might say. People always assume we're a couple."
gesture. "You can't tell me you've never thought about it."
Sherlock spent the afternoon sitting cross-legged on the carpet, playing with Rosie while John kept himself busy around the flat, sometimes watching them but mostly doing the laundry and the dishes and finally preparing dinner.
"Do you know, I think I might actually go to bed," he said when he had finished his dinner. "This normal sleep cycle is really messing me up, John. I blame you for all of it, I hope you are aware of that."
"I'm not that short-sighted yet to miss it, my dear, even without my glasses."
When Sherlock spoke, his voice was barely more than a breath. "Anything you ask me to."
Sometimes Sherlock wonders if John truly understands how hard it is not to open his mouth and just say it, how much he struggles not to reach out and grasp his hand in the mute hope that he won't pull away.
“Mm-hmm. Wouldn’t have thought it possible but he did it. Of course it all came back down. It was disgusting and we haven’t let him live it down.”
He thought the noises differed from the usual sounds but couldn't be bothered to open his eyes and see why.
"Mmmh, every year or so my transport decides it's been neglected long enough. It happened shortly before we got the Baskerville case. The case and your transformation distracted me for a while but once we settled into some sort of a routine there was no putting it off any longer."
“I’m fine,” Sherlock muttered. “I’m fine. Just ... let’s get this over with.”
"You were talking to me," John argued. They had, in fact, spent every night talking on the phone for hours.
She considers this as she helps Mrs Hudson peel potatoes and prepare the pigs in blankets while the turkey roasts in the oven.
“I told you, it was broken before I started,” Sherlock insisted, rolling his eyes. “I was trying to fix it.”
"Fake it?" John repeated. "I think you've forgotten who you're talking to."
John is sad and grieving and heartbroken and missing his wife and feeling guilty for almost-but-not-quite cheating on her and Sherlock can do nothing but be there and wait for him to recover and help look after Rosie.
“Walking around London with you,” John said. “Just ...being. There’s nothing like it. I know you love this city like it’s a part of you and I get that, too, sometimes. When the light is just right and the air is warm and we can just exist in the moment. London can be so beautiful in the most unexpected moments.”
Sherlock sat, straight-backed and clearly trying to appear haughty. "Yes?"
"I'm afraid the work will not wait any longer. John, I'm sure I can trust you to keep an eye on my brother."
“No, you don’t,” Sherlock scoffed. “You hate it ‘cause you can’t explain them.”
“I agree. And you said you still don’t know how this works?” he inquired, eager to find answers to his doubts.
Sherlock resisted the urge to ask who that was, hinting a small smile instead. “What I mean to say is, it turns out that was actually inaccurate. I can’t do that.”
John could never have forgiven himself if something had happened to Sherlock before he returned. In fact, he had been sick with worry since he'd left for the Ministry. Of course, if he had gone there for other reasons, he still would’ve been dying to run away. To go back home, away from that society he no longer felt a part of. But that night, knowing there was a bloody Living Shroud wandering around Muggle London, perfectly able to kill Sherlock within minutes, John had hastened through the Ministry like a bat out of hell.
Mycroft’s lips rose slightly. “I see he hasn’t changed much.”
“So you liked it?” Sherlock asked again.
. It could only have been him. The only other possibility would’ve been that John had done it, but why would he? Even if he had wanted to be found, to be helped, there was no reason why he would sign it like Sherlock.
“What?” asked Sherlock. “What is it?”
Helen flinched.
He sighed, ruffling his curls. He wouldn’t find answers to his questions by just sitting there.
“I’ve got a theory”, Sherlock answered. “But John and I would have to stay the night to test it.”
, thought Sherlock, glancing tenderly at John.
, Sherlock told himself.
A red light came out of the tip of his wand. John’s flew away from his grasp, and Sherlock lost it. In one swift move, he fired. Roylott fell to the floor, blood dripping from his forehead. He was dead.
“The plot thickens”, Sherlock said under his breath.
“John?” Sherlock called. “What is it? What’s going on?” he inquired, looking at John with confused eyes.
John wasn’t here. If Sherlock had to be honest, he didn’t even bother to figure out where he might be. He was still trying to get his head around the fact that he was dead. And God, was that hard to take in; mostly because he’d never believed in an afterlife. And now that he did, he realised it wasn’t even interesting. It was merely a non-corporeal existence. He could still see himself, though, as if he did have a body. But he couldn’t do anything. He couldn’t play his violin, nor turn the telly on, nor use his mobile. He couldn’t even grab his nicotine patches. Everything he tried to touch, he went through.
As always, thanks to Steph and
“I’ve made an appointment with Ella,” John was saying as he opened the door to the flat and put down the Tesco bags. Sherlock was about to ask who that was when he was interrupted.
So there had to be a reason. Sherlock was a proud man, he liked showing off. He couldn’t have lied about his genius if it wasn’t for something. And the worst thing was, John would probably never find out what drove him into jumping off the roof.
John lifted an eyebrow.
“Oh, thank God you’re okay!” came Helen’s voice from the bedroom, and John sighed with relief. She rushed towards them. “I was so worried!” she said, her voice shaking, as though she was about to cry. “I heard noises, and then I couldn’t find you anywhere, and I… I thought that thing had killed you both.”
Trigger warnings for:
“I am truly sorry, John,” he began.
“So, is it some sort of a new project?” John asked a few minutes later, setting down his tea and toast on the kitchen table.
John nodded. “I love you, Sherlock Holmes.”
. Sherlock had managed to move something and he hadn’t said a word about it.
“My therapist.”
John hesitated. “Can we do this another day? I’m not in the mood for this.”
on the
“I see,” he said, deep in thought. “I presume you haven’t told anyone about this.”
“You suspect him?” John asked.
He meant it. He’d known John for almost two years now. And he had noticed that John was different from most people, but… he’d thought it was just one of his quirks. He had not suspected for one second that John could be hiding something as big as this from him. He was his best friend. Sherlock had thought John trusted him.
Sherlock blinked, taken by surprise. “John, I... you don’t have to apologise,” he said.
“Alohomora”, John said. The door opened. He put a finger to his lips, signalling for Sherlock to keep silent, and whispered, “Intrusus Revelio.”
are very impressive.”
“The Ministry of Magic.”
He’d become so engrossed that he didn’t notice the sun rising, nor John climbing down the stairs.
Sherlock gasped, smirking as the answer became obvious to him:
Sherlock laughed at this. Soon they were both giggling, unable to stop themselves. The idea of a cape murdering someone was so ridiculous, and yet here they were, awaiting it in a client’s bedroom. It was impressive how they always managed to get into the most bizarre situations.
Behind him, Sherlock was so silent it was as though he had stopped breathing. And though John was no expert in legilimency, he could still sense every emotion that crossed Sherlock’s mind. Confusion. Fear. Doubt.
"I… I have to obliviate you."
“It’s open!”
“Agh, it’s useless!” said Sherlock, his foot running through the coffee table as he kicked it in exasperation.
Then he heard that phrase again. “He’s my friend,” John was saying.
“Nah,” Lestrade said. “You go first. I’m good.”
Perhaps it would be easier if Sherlock were completely dead, and not speaking to him from the afterlife. Then, he could simply mourn him, with everything that implied, and then it’d all be over with. He quickly shook his head, refusing the thought. Sherlock shouldn’t be dead at all and that was it. This should never have happened. Sherlock should be here,
“Indeed”, said the male officer. He looked at Sherlock. “And you are…?”
to say, so hear me out first.”
“What was that?” Sherlock asked, trying his best to maintain his composure.
There were a lot of things Sherlock still didn't understand; so having figured out something along this mess was good – better than good. He smiled back at John.“What do we do now?”
“Sherlock”, John called, interrupting his thoughts.
Sherlock stared at the animal, open-mouthed, as it casually took his mobile and slipped it into a pouch on its belly.
“Me? No, I’m fine,” lied Sherlock. “Shock is boring.”
"I mean, don't
with John. It was never a coincidence that had kept him here; it was fate.
Helen put a hand over her mouth, her eyes wide open in horror. “You mean that… Oh, Julia”, she sobbed, burying her head in her hands.
Sherlock nodded. “Yeah, I just… I’m okay”, he half-lied.
Still feeling dizzy, Sherlock decided he’d better stay close to his friend. It was merely a hypothesis at that moment, but he guessed him teleporting must have something to do with being away from John. Once the dizziness passed, he’d allow himself to figure it out. As for now, he’d walk alongside his friend in absolute silence – after all, John needed time alone to think.
Inside, it was warm. Ella showed John to an armchair by the window, then took a seat in front of him. But for minutes, neither of them spoke a word. They just stared at each other, the storm softly banging against the glass.
Looking at Sherlock now, telling him he had to obliviate him… it seemed impossible to do. How could John gather enough courage to wipe Sherlock’s memories of magic? How would he look him in the eye when they were back at Baker St and not let the guilt show on his face? How many times would he have to Confund him from now on, whenever Sherlock realised there were blanks in his memory? He couldn’t. He couldn’t.
“I asked, where could he be? Roylott”, John repeated. “We’ve got to find him. Now.”
Mycroft blinked in confusion. Surely he must have imagined something? It must be due to the sleep deprivation. There must be something in his coffee, he must be mistaken.
Ten minutes allowed a lot of thinking, Sherlock decided. Especially now that the immediate danger had passed.
,” Sherlock spoke, his eyes filled with fear and impotence. “Please listen to me: don’t do this. Stay alive, for me. I didn’t die for you to do this to yourself.”
John had lied to him. All the time they'd known each other, John had lied about who he was, about his past. He hadn't confided in Sherlock enough to tell him that he could do magic, but now he asked Sherlock to trust
“Okay, that should do,” said John when he was done. He rubbed his wand in his hands, then pointed it at the handle. “Alohomora.”
“Don’t worry, big brother, I won’t haunt your house. Baker Street is much more fun,” Sherlock said with a hint of excitement.
“Now, if you two don’t mind”, Loptson said, rubbing his hands somewhat excitedly, “we’ve got a beast to catch.”
He grabbed a notebook and pen from his trouser pocket. There was only one way to test his theory.
“Moriarty wanted Sherlock to commit suicide. That way, he’d have the perfect ending to his story. We’d anticipated this. Sherlock would jump off the roof and land on an airbag. You couldn’t see it, neither could the snipers.”
John went into the kitchen and fetched her a glass of water. “Here”, he said, handing it to her. “I could also give you something to help you sleep, if you want”, he offered. He supposed Helen was too anxious to get any sleep at all.
He somehow wanted to be angry at Sherlock for not having said anything, or at himself, for not having realised sooner. And yet, in this moment, how could he feel anything but joy?
“But I’m here,” Sherlock said.
“You needed to think, I didn’t want to interrupt that,” Sherlock replied. “And I’ve tried to give you your own space any way. Like here at the flat, when you go upstairs and I just stay here trying to work out ghostly physics.” He smiled, fondly, though John couldn’t see it.
“You should probably eat something before you leave. You haven’t eaten all day,” Sherlock said.
“Hmm?” Sherlock said, coming back from his train of thought.
The cab ride didn’t take too long, but John was anxious still. He hadn’t seen Ella in what felt like a century. He didn’t know what to expect, or even where he’d start. This wasn’t regular grief. He wouldn’t have phoned Ella in the first place if it had been. But if he didn’t know how to deal with these tangled emotions, how would his therapist? Should he even tell her the truth?
When the sun arose, John decided it was pointless to keep staring at the ceiling. Reluctantly, he put a dress robe on and headed downstairs to the kitchen, pointlessly trying to ignore the pain in his leg. Rays of sunlight shyly made their way through the closed curtains, greeting him into a day he did not want to start. He’d just put the kettle on when he felt a presence behind him.
“Then we won’t have lost more than a night”, Sherlock replied. “We can think of a different theory in the morning.”
The practice was about as large as Helen's flat. They were close to the entrance door. Roylott was nowhere to be seen. John signalled for Sherlock to stay behind, and he approached the back of the practice, wand at the ready.
“Well then,” Mycroft sighed, standing up. “I’ll be on my way. You know where to find me if you need anything.”
When John opened the door of the flat, it was quite obvious that Sherlock remained invisible to him. He walked to the kitchen and put the kettle on.
And then the realisation hit him. Sherlock was dead. Surely he must be upset about that? He wouldn’t let John know. That was Sherlock, the emotionless machine. The ‘sociopath’, as he liked to say. How could he let anybody know that he was upset about anything? How could he swallow his pride and tell anybody, even himself, that he was grieving his own life?
It made sense, now that John thought about it. How else could Roylott have got hold of a Lethifold? It was one of the most lethal beasts in the world; no one could have laid their hands on one without breaking a few laws.
, he thought,
“It’s fine,” he half-lied. He guessed he understood why Sherlock had kept his distance, but he’d still hoped events had played differently.
Why was his heart not willing to listen to any of the rational thoughts that arose in the back of his mind? Why did he keep waking up on soaking wet pillows? Why were his hands shaking as they tried to suppress the feelings? The doubts would turn to pain and make their way down to his leg, which he knew shouldn’t be hurting but couldn’t stop it from doing so.
Ella leaned forward.
John gave him a sad smile. “You couldn’t be. People just believe what they want to believe.” He paused. “So why did you... why did you do it?” He asked, his tone weak, as if he were afraid to find out. “Why did you kill yourself? And... why did you lie, about yourself, about everything?”
He hadn’t stood there long, waiting, when a small animal climbed up from inside the cabinet. It had black hair and what looked like a duck bill. Sherlock wondered, for a brief instant, whether it was a platypus; but he soon disregarded the idea. Platypi had longer, flatter bills, and slightly fairer hair. This creature, on the other hand, was furrier, and its hair was much darker and its bill less flat than a platypus’s.
, he thought,
But then, those last two words clicked in, reminding him of all he’d done just a few hours prior. The curve on his lips dissipated as a sudden realisation hit him.
“I’m just–” he began to speak, but was interrupted by one of the bottles being kicked away by Sherlock, who’d taken John’s distraction as an opportunity.
, John thought. He’d forgotten he wasn’t the only one grieving here, even if that wasn’t Sherlock’s point. John wanted to say
Why was he dead?
be separated. They were the ocean and land, constantly in need of each other’s touch. They were every colour of twilight, night and day becoming one; and Sherlock’s fall was dusk, when the sun died so the moon could come back to life.
“Oh, I see he hasn’t told you,” Mycroft spoke. The shock was finally washing off; thank God. He could speak more easily now. “I was watching the CCTV last night. Nothing out of the ordinary, except for a floating skull,” he said, raising an eyebrow.
To John’s annoyance, Sherlock didn’t seem to bother hiding his opinion. “See you still love telling lies, big brother,” he said. “What’s next? Saying you’ve lost three pounds?”
Back in the living room, Sherlock had been paying attention to Mycroft and John’s conversation, but after last week, he’d promised himself he would never get slow on any deductions again. So when, out of the corner of his eye, he saw Lestrade noting something down in the kitchen and discreetly looking around, he knew exactly what he was trying to do.
(See the end of the chapter for
“But he’s always been very secretive about it”, she continued. “We never found out what he does for a living, or how magic works. All I know is he threatened us with magic constantly”, Helen sighed. “He still threatens me, even though I moved out years ago.
Sherlock paced from one end of the flat to the other, mumbling to himself, lost in deep thought. John knew just by seeing him that talking to him was pointless.
Sherlock frowned, confused. “But you… you did. In Helen's flat.”
So now, being forced back into the wizarding world, John was desperate to get away.
“Sherlock... are you alright?” he asked.
“You’re not imagining this, John,” said the detective, as if he could read his thoughts. He was, most likely, actually deducing them. “I’m here.”
dead, yes. But I’m here. I’m standing by the window, can you tell?” He asked. “I don’t know if the distance is noticeable, as I’m not actually using air to produce sound. You might want to make yourself another cup of tea, by the way. I’d do it for you, but... you know... I can’t exactly touch anything. I suppose I haven’t gone through the floor because gravity doesn’t apply to non-corporeal beings, but I’m still trying to figure out how being a spirit works, so I can’t be sure yet.”
, playing his violin at four in the morning or shooting at the wall. He should be here to smile at him, to ask him to come along to a crime scene, to calm him down after a war nightmare; but
“We had a complex case yesterday, you said you’d barely rested from it”, Sherlock said.
God, how wrong he was.
But he hadn’t been, no. He was a genius, a mastermind. John knew firsthand. It wasn’t just his military record that he could read from his tan or Harry’s drinking habits from John’s mobile. It was the traces of Anderson’s affair with Donovan in his deodorant. It was the Woman’s password in her pulse. It was a policeman’s drug addiction in his chin and a saleswoman’s false identity in her fingernails.
As a slightly uncomfortable silence began to fill the room, Sherlock decided it best to change the subject of the conversation. “So, any plans for today?” he asked.
John put the newspaper down and looked towards him. “Who?”
“Sherlock?” John called again.
It was then that Helen noticed the wand in John's hand. Her eyes went wide open, the pieces clicking into place, though she seemed rather confused. "You're a… a-"
"Why not?" Sherlock demanded. "She's our client."
. If Sherlock still had a heart, he would’ve heard it beating loudly against his eardrums. Because, God, how he loved him. He had so much to be grateful for. Fate had let him remain by John’s side for nearly a lifetime, and yet those forty years were just a heartbeat compared to eternity.
John chuckled. “The Lethifold”, he corrected. “I dunno. I'm not qualified to deal with those things.”
“I’m sorry”, John said, trying to keep his voice from trembling. “I promise, Sherlock, I’ll explain everything, but I need you to trust me on this.”
He tried to keep his dignity as high as he could, his tone firm. But his eyes betrayed him, pained, searching for an answer they couldn’t find.
John nodded. "Great", he said. "Right. I, er…" he sighed. "We have to take him by surprise. If we don't, he'll escape." He paused, twitching his wand in his hand. He looked back up at Sherlock, somewhat nervously. "Do you trust me?"
“What about this flat, then?” Sherlock asked. “Wasn’t it hard for Julia, living upstairs from your mother’s practice?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ve haven’t been to my grave yet. I’d like to,” Sherlock confessed, somewhat tenderly. “Just for a little while. Please,” he begged.
“Oh. Okay”, Helen nodded.
“John,” he called. It was nearly a whisper.
His words were honest. He had tried to suppress his feelings for Sherlock for so long, thinking they were unrequited. He had spent so many nights dreaming of holding Sherlock, kissing him, sharing every bit of his soul with him. And now here they were, finally together, like they deserved to be.
John frowned, but he didn’t complain as he turned back to the kitchen. “So... I still don’t believe you, although I’d like to” he said, looking round as he grabbed the kettle. “Why are you here? Unfinished business, like in the movies?”
John looked at Sherlock, silently asking him to respond. He couldn’t see Roylott’s motives either.
“Just… stay here, okay?” John commanded.
“Yeah,” John said.
“Could you stop it? It’s not funny. You’re dead. You can’t be here. You won’t even let me mourn you in peace, for God’s sake!” he said, his tone growing louder.
“Why would I?” said John. “I wouldn’t want to end up in a madhouse,” he smirked.
But then again, John wasn’t most people. John would put up with Sherlock when everyone else would call him a nutter. John would be patient with him when he was a bit ‘not good’. And yes, perhaps John couldn’t deduce things at a glance like Sherlock could, but he
, he reasoned,
From his bedroom, John also heard Greg arriving.
John's lips formed an
That was why he’d come back to John, why only he could hear him and Sherlock couldn’t walk away. It all made sense! The reason he was here was that he
John hadn’t stopped drinking throughout his speech, and he’d already had more than half of the bottle. Sherlock hoped that he’d either lose his grip on the others soon, or that Lestrade would get here fast.
He shook his head and walked back to the door, then turned and whined, jerking his head towards the door.
Then again, Sherlock's behaviour had been off during the entire trip so far and they had only arrived yesterday, for god's sake. His sudden willingness to share his personal life - or what personal life he used to have - had already been highly suspicious on its own, but this sudden outburst ... well.
Mrs Hudson smiles at them both and then turns to Sally. "So, dear, how has work been?"
But of course it was his letter. If the way Sherlock put it away so carefully wasn't a strong enough hint, then the tears certainly were.
John nodded.
"No, I'm not," John protested and yawned.
"Damn right you're going to rest," John told him. "I'm only letting you up from this sofa to get you into your bed and I won't hear any arguments about it either."
*****
It has been happening on and off these past two months as they slowly settled into life after Eurus, once they returned 221b to its former glory and John finally moved back in for good after they converted the room next to his into a nursery for Rosie. Sometimes, Sherlock goes quiet and gets that look on his face, usually followed hours later by a question with too many emotional hooks to answer without tearing open your own skin in the process.
They made it in seven, much to his pleased surprise.
Sherlock hadn't known what to expect but it certainly wasn't for John to be so accepting of the fact that he had booked a double room for them. But John wasn't merely accepting - apparently he was so pleased with the room he intended to stay the full week regardless of how quickly Sherlock solved the case. That was ... well, he didn't even know what that was. Not at all bad. Good. Fantastic.
"Thank you," Sherlock said, accepting the file and opening it with a flourish.
one way or the other!" John groaned again and dropped his head onto the table with a dull thud. That couldn't be comfortable. "Please, Sherlock, can we take a break from this? Just once? I'm desperate here."
"Because there was no sign of a murder weapon anywhere and in a house that old, everyone who has secrets will be hiding them in the attic. Narrativum, John. People always feel compelled to do what they have read in a story somewhere. It's ridiculous. All this wilderness around us and you can bet the killer left the weapon right here in this house. It's just waiting to be found. Now, if you will excuse me."
That, of course, warranted another kiss and it took several pleasant minutes before Sherlock remembered his concerns.
Shuddering, John curled up a little bit tighter and listened to the sound of the rain smashing down outside. It sounded like standing right next to a waterfall but he knew from looking out the window that it really was nothing but strong rain hammering down onto the buildings and pavements - and, in many cases, the unlucky inhabitants - of the city.
Just two weeks later, Mary's patience was nearing its end.
The ride home passed in silence, both of them lost in thought and all too aware that the back of a cab was not exactly the most secure place to discuss all that they had just learned.
John moved forward instantly, putting his massive head down in Sherlock's lab, a low rumble in his throat. Sherlock lifted his hand to John's head and ran his fingers through thick black-and-orange fur. John's ears twitched and he closed his eyes in obvious pleasure even as Sherlock marvelled in the complete and utter lack of an adverse reaction in his head.
"Come here," John murmured and Sherlock, still half convinced this was the best dream of his life, shuffled closer until they were pressed against each other.
"I see you have already discovered the advantages Sherlock no doubt pointed out to you in your recent conversations," Mycroft said.
"It is sensible to distinguish between people depending on how well you know them," Sherlock agreed. "Psy will at times be more willing to give discounts on prices to genetic relatives or members of the same family or work group."
John groaned at the picture Sherlock was painting in his head. "Oh, god yes. You can have all of that, love. All of it and more. But not all at once. Wouldn't want to overwhelm that beautiful brain of yours. And it will be, I promise you that."
my shoulder, if you must, but don't ever look down at your feet while dancing."
"And he still hasn't shifted?"
That was the thing with sentiment - it got more real when you acknowledged it.
He took a small step forward. "John, mind if I approach? You know I won't do anything to him but we might want to check Sherlock over for any injuries. You don't seem like your medical skills are going to be of help right now."
Perhaps that idea had played into his saying yes when John had suggested getting married.
"Lestrade gave me a lecture when you were gone," Sherlock reminded him. "He wanted to make sure you were all right. Said we both needed me to pet you."
Sherlock felt himself begin to tremble, hands flailing for something to hold on to before settling on John's shoulders and hanging on tight. "John..."
The stared at each other until the waitress came with their drinks. John took a sip of his water, hoping the distraction would be enough to stop Sherlock from trying to question him further.
Sherlock sat in his armchair with his datapad and watched as John prowled around the sitting room.
There is almost a metre of space between them and Sally frowns a little. Nothing too revealing, then, unless they are overcompensating.
"Don't be ridiculous," Sherlock snapped. "I was merely caught off-guard."
It was frustrating but also oddly relieving. There was nothing to indicate that this had been anything more than revenge, nothing to suggest that John might get caught in the crossfire or aftermath of any of it. Sherlock couldn't in all honesty claim not to feel a bone-deep sense of relief at knowing that John was not in danger. Not this time. If anything, the killer had done him an immense favour. Them both, actually.
He lowered his gaze. "The entire time I was away, all I wanted to do was come home to you. Everything I did and endured was for the sake of getting our life back to the way it was before Moriarty showed up. And when I finally came home, you were gone."
"How does that translate to you revoking his skin privileges?" Emily asked. "That sounds more like he would have done so."
He kissed Sherlock's neck again, licking a long, wet stripe up towards his jaw.
"Must have slipped my mind," Sherlock shrugged. "I didn't expect you to worry so."
Sherlock, who was already crouched beside the body to confirm what they all suspected, looked up in confusion. "What does that have to do with anything?"
Sherlock stood and turned to wink at the soldier standing in front of him. "I'm going to have a coffee."
Donovan explained about Sherlock's parents.
His eyes narrow and she can almost feel the weight of his gaze on her increase.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him but his expression was very serious when he replied. "I am well aware what you are to me, John."
"Mary makes me
"Great idea," he said. "Once we're back home, I'll call the wedding off."
"No more dissonance," Judd confirmed. "Though you will still get a warning when you get too close to losing control over your TK. It will no longer be tied to pain, though."
He couldn't remember a time when he had felt that bad about himself and his own actions. But he could make this right.
I want. I simply don't care about the bloody
A man came around the corner of the building and stopped dead when he caught sight of the detective casually leaning against the cottage.
Sherlock gave him a look. “I assure you, there will be no wrangling. I prefer to think of it as ... coaxing.”
That voice went right past John's brain to settle in his chest, a deep baritone that he was sure would have had his ears perking up if he had been in his other form.
"We will," he promised.
"Two of which didn't give you much in the way of surprises," Sherlock pointed out quietly.
In the beginning, Sherlock had been so tense John had wanted to reach out and touch him, to pet all the tension out of his body. He had refrained from doing so, however, not wanting to distract his mate or accidentally cause some dissonance through the physical contact.
The speech was another thing Sherlock wouldn't get around to giving, another thing to be discarded and thrown away like a piece of trash, having outlived its purpose. It seemed a shame.
"It's not poisoned, love," Mrs Hudson tells him. "But I know for a fact that you haven't eaten anything since that slice of toast you had yesterday around noon. Eat up."
This time, John hugged him.
That night, lounging on her sofa with Dante curled up in her lap, Sally thinks that maybe there is something they can do, her and Mrs Hudson and Molly.
"Stubborn boy," the landlady said softly, scratching John's right ear. He tipped his head back in bliss. "You make sure he eats something, John, even if you have to drag him to the fridge by his sleeve."
He tried to step back but Sherlock wouldn't budge.
Sherlock lay in the dark and stared fixedly at the ceiling, hyper-aware of every sound John made, every single movement of his body on the mattress. Had he always been this conscious of John's presence? Had it been like that on the few occasions they had shared a bed before? He couldn't remember. All he knew was that he was too scared to move, now that John was in bed with him, for fear that he might do something stupid and unplanned, such as accidentally roll over and press John into the mattress and -
The next afternoon, a couple of hours before Lestrade would pick him up for his stag night, John found himself inside the sitting room of 221b Baker Street once more. Part of him had expected to see Sherlock there, bent over the seating plan or pacing as he went over the timetable all over again.
Sherlock didn't protest as John half led and half dragged him out of the pub and to the curb. "Can you try and stay upright long enough for me to hail a cab?," he asked. Perhaps that hope was a bit optimistic of him - no cabbie liked having a drunk passenger - but there was no way they were going to make it back to Baker Street on foot.
That threw him. John didn't need anyone watching his back. If Donovan, who didn't normally have a kind word for Sherlock, was going out of her way to talk to him and ask him a favour, something was very wrong indeed.
John gaped at him, unable to form words or even thoughts in response to this declaration. He tried, though. "You ..."
"This is great," he commented. "We should do this more often."
Grooming!
This time, there were several unusual factors.
"You told me to say something before the opportunity is gone," he repeats. "But you didn't say how long you needed me to wait."
Someone who made it a habit to store body parts in the tub and kept a colony of ants in one of the kitchen drawers obviously wouldn't pause to wonder at the presence of police tape in the fridge. Of course.
"What for?" John asks. "For respecting my personal boundaries for once? For not wanting to make me even more pissed off with you? If anything, I should be sorry. I can't believe I never noticed anything off about her. I lived with her for one and a half years! I wanted to marry her!"
Speaking of the devil, there were distinct sounds coming from the bathroom. Apparently Sherlock had awoken and the alcoholic beverages he had consumed had decided to come back out the same way they had entered his body.
Reluctantly, John paused by the door and waited until Sherlock had shrugged on his coat and grabbed his phone off the table.
Sherlock sighed and turned to face him. "So they think you're gay.
They spent the day lazing about the flat and playing hide and seek. Sherlock would take one of John's tennis balls and rub it in various spices he unearthed from a drawer in the kitchen and then hide it somewhere in the flat for John to find by scent alone. Other times, he stuffed the kong with treats and sent John in search of that, the treats being his prize for finding the kong.
Unable to stay in bed any longer, he eased himself off the mattress, making sure that Sherlock was still fast asleep. The detective had let go of John's arm sometime during the night but he did remain pressed impossibly close and John moved slowly so as not to wake him.
"You're not supposed to be here." There was a pleading edge to his voice that made John almost physically sick with shame. "You're supposed to be on you-your honeymoon."
"No," Sherlock said. "I suppose they don't."
"Well, I must be off. Thank you for your cooperation."
They reached Baker Street by early evening and the only time Sherlock had spoken had been shortly before their arrival when he called Angelo to order their usual.
If he had not believed that the man before him was mated, this last statement would have convinced him. His own worry for John was the main thing that had kept Sherlock clinging to the remnants of his Silence. To have that acknowledged was more reassuring than he had expected.
Because John is asleep, or perhaps dozing, snuggled into the pillow and covers, a patch of sunlight falling onto the bed and making his skin glow. He looks like an extension of a sunbeam himself and Sherlock is overcome with the urge to reach out to see if his fingers will pass right through him. He thinks they might. He thinks John looks ethereal.
"Sherlock?" Mary asked, baffled. "You married
He swore he felt Sherlock’s lips on the curve of his shoulder. “Dangerous words indeed, John.”
"As I already said, if I can decipher your thought process, I may be able to emulate it and thus solve cases more efficiently without having to consult you on changeling minds."
Hours later, after John had returned home to the flat he shared with Mary and was lying in bed, unable to sleep, he found himself thinking that it seemed a shame this marriage had never had a chance to be.
And, well, if he really went ahead with helping Sherlock build a resistance to touch, at least some of his need for skin privileges would soon be met by the most unlikely person in his circle of acquaintances.
The way his fingers curled around John's and held on tight and how his hands didn't shake at all when the put the engraved titanium ring on John's finger, a perfect match to his own.
"So long as it doesn't give me a nosebleed anymore, I think I will be fine," Sherlock told him, smiling.
"It says here," and she turned her screen so John could look at it, "that you are already married."
Well then.
"This is Johnny," Sherlock introduced him.
"I'm not riding in a car with my brother for three hours," Sherlock announced as they turned towards the parking lot.
"So we're back to square one? There's absolutely nothing?"
. His daughter has been abducted. This is a picture of her with her abductor." Sherlock rattled off the address of the nursery. "This is where she was taken. Spread the word. If anyone has seen or heard anything that helps us find her, there's a reward in it for you."
But that, too, might be a distraction, and he did not want him to accidentally spill hot tea all over himself.
He did relent the stick after a while, wanting Sherlock to throw it again. This time, Sherlock chose another direction and John raced after it.
"Shifting," John interrupted. "I don't ... shift ... anymore."
The ball flew through the air and the dog set off, racing after it at impressive speed.
They thanked WhiteSpot again for their help in setting up the call, asked for secrecy regarding their mating and the entire call ever having happened, and hailed a cab back to their flat from the other side of the park.
"You already know I sent her the bee for her birthday. I told you last night I would never abandon her. And I haven't. I knew I couldn't stay around to see her but I didn't want to just leave her behind without a clue that I existed. You made me her godfather. I wanted her to know me.
He pulled the door closed behind himself and with the glass divider between them and the driver raised, they were finally alone.
Not knowing is okay. Not being ready quite yet is also okay. Both imply a future of knowing, of being ready eventually.
"Dogs listen to those they respect and you have not done anything to earn Johnny's respect, Perkins," Sherlock said, looking vaguely amused. "Donovan, Lestrade said you are to accompany us to St Bart's. I need to take a closer look at the bodies."
"Let me guess," Sherlock said. "The easy way is me handing over the money and then being beaten up and the hard way is me being beaten up before you take my money?"
Sherlock turned his head a little to judge the angle of the light shining through his bedroom window. "About eight."
Sherlock tilted his head, trying to figure out if she had an ulterior motive for asking. But this was Molly; he doubted she had ever had an ulterior motive in her life.
Sherlock flipped through it and quickly found the number he wanted.
*****
He looked harried and now that Sherlock took the time to really look at him, he could see the signs of stress and long shifts at the clinic. John was telling the truth.
His hands were shaking and his breath was coming in uneven gasps - admittedly this might be due to the kissing - and there were more tears where the first one had come from.
John pulled back a little so he could look him straight in the eyes. "I really do mean it. It feels ... complete ... now that you're here."
John stilled. “You said... you said
on writing letters. He hadn't actually started yet. Should probably do that.
Perhaps he was already dead and this was heaven.
"They aren't poisoned," a deep voice rumbled beside him.
Another thing John simply could not get used to was Sherlock's aversion to touch.
This was perfection.
One beat, two, and Sherlock becomes aware of what he's doing. There's no time to panic and so he tilts his head a little, sighing against John's lips.
He clapped Small's shoulder one last time and turned towards the door. "Come on, Sherlock, we're done here."
Sherlock wanted to bang his head against a wall in frustration.
John nodded, gave his arm one last squeeze and went upstairs.
Despite the tense conversation, they finished the meal in companionable silence and John was surprised to see Sherlock pay for them both.
" Mrs Hudson exclaims, teacup rattling against the saucer.
"I might have," Sherlock conceded. "You wouldn't."
"He celebrates it, though. Or at least he did once," Molly says and tells her about that one disasterous Christmas when Sherlock apparently managed to insult John's girlfriend of the week and Molly herself before completely shutting down when they found a dead dominatrix.
"True, I suppose. And you are ...?"
For a long moment, Sherlock merely stared at him blankly. Then, ever so slowly, his expression morphed into something else, the corners of his mouth turning down and his chin jutting forward, jaw working as he tried and failed to hold back tears. He looked absolutely wrecked by the suggestion.
"Yes."
And if Sherlock wished he could have more ... well, that was his bloody problem, wasn't it?
John snorted. "Give me some credit, will you? After all this time, I'd be a bad friend indeed if I didn't notice when you get a spell of cabin fever."
"Yes, John," Sherlock says and if he's being sarcastic, he's very subtle about it.
"You're a good boy," she said and patted his cheek. "Now be off with you and good luck!"
John did come along, but only made it to the front door before Mrs Hudson took notice of him. "And what's that now? A dog? Really, Sherlock, I'm not sure your flat is a suitable environment for any living being, including people, and you're bringing home a
John finished his meal and experimentally licked the bowl in case he had missed any crumbs.
"What is it?" he demanded, feeling dread rise in his chest. It couldn't be good.
"I'm going out on a whim here and say that he means 'no'," Lestrade commented, chuckling.
"No pets on the seat," the driver said as Sherlock wrenched open the cab door.
"Good," John said. "That's good. Let me know when it goes to court, yeah? I want to be there."
Sherlock sighed and glanced away. He really didn't want to have to look John in the eye when he tried to come up with some sort of an explanation.
He rounded the final corner and there was Sherlock, lying in a half-curled position on the cold cement floor right beneath one bare light bulb, an overturned chair two feet away from him.
He swallowed, clenching his fingers around the papers in his hand. "Sherlock."
Perhaps they should actually talk about this but it seemed so much easier not to, and really what was the point when they both knew or at least suspected the truth by now?
Sherlock blinked owlishly at him and it took a moment or two before something like awareness returned to his gaze. "Pardon?"
His bed had never looked more inviting and Sherlock wasted no time getting in.
The results were both predictable and inevitable and the goose exploded at approximately the same time as the tree's fairy lights' plug succumbed to the stain and popped out of the socket.
"You can work once you're fine," John tells him. "Now rest."
“Naturally,” Mycroft confirmed. “Goodbye, brother mine. Look after your John, will you?”
John shrugged, shook his head, shrugged again.
Psychometric Telepathy might have been useful - creating a telepathic link to someone else by touching an object linked to them would certainly be useful when it came to finding murderers, but would also make the work incredibly dull. He much preferred following a clear line of clues to the solution to such tricks that could only be described as cheating.
And so Sally finds herself visiting her parents and letting her mum shove several boxes of Christmas decorations into her arms.
“I shall endeavour not to. I quite like your arse the way it is.”
"And it doesn't matter if she has broken Silence," John added. "Because they're turning a blind eye on her, aren't they?"
Unable to put into words what he felt, he carefully traced the scar again. It was a long, straight line leading diagonally across Sherlock’s back. There were several additional lines, running almost parallel to the first one, some crossing over it. Sherlock was tense as the strings of his violin beneath his hand and John had to fight back the nausea as he mapped out the lines and put them on a mental image of a human back.
He swallows, licks his lips, tries to figure out if Sherlock really is saying what John thinks he is.
Her face lit up at the memory. “I was! It was so lovely of you boys to ask! It was all very sudden, of course – I had no idea anything had changed until you came down and asked me to come along, John. You looked so happy and excited.”
"Here," he said, stepping forward and shoving the paper he had had clutched in his hand into Sherlock's. "I wrote you a new one. A better one. Don't be a stranger to her."
That, on the other hand, he could not agree with. If the Council ever found out, they would put John's head on a spike - both as a warning and as revenge for the recent high-profile defections. He didn't care what would happen to him so long as they left John alone. Distance was key. The Council had no grasp of emotion whatsoever, they would not be able to understand that John meant everything to him if he stayed well clear. And if they tried to test his Silence ... well, he had been successfully lying to them since he was a child.
"Yes of course. Which is why I plan to confront her with my theory to see how she will react. I walked past her desk on my way out - like many office workers, she keeps running shoes under her desk so she can wear them on her way home and her possessions were in one of those neat backpacks joggers use. My guess is she'll be running home from work, so all we have to do is find her address and wait for her there. Depending on her reaction, we can decide what to do next."
"I promise you, Greg, that I am the absolutely last person he wants to see right now."
Far too soon, he reached the top of the stairs. The sight of the familiar sitting room door, half-open as always, sent a pang through his heart. He wondered how much of the flat had changed since he had fled from it.
"Yeah, he arrived at the hospital barely five minutes after we did. Stayed for almost three hours, hardly even looked at his phone the entire time."
There was neither time nor the opportunity to get relief and he really had no idea how a dog would even go about that, save for humping someone's leg.
The first thing John became aware of was the stench. That, and the noise. They assaulted his nose and ears mercilessly and he groaned, wincing at how weird it sounded. More like a whine, somehow. But god, the stench. Someone had definitely overdone it with the disinfectant. It burned all the way from his nose down into his lungs with every breath he took. How did other people stand that?
John snorted. "Yes, well, compared to you no one is."
And perhaps in time he would find a way to make John stay. Perhaps, in time, 221b would feel like home again.
Sherlock breathed in and out, a little shakily. "What?"
He had a point there, so John decided not to waste any more time. He was itching to reach out, had been desperate to wrap Sherlock up in his arms for months now. The very thought of holding him close and breathing in his scent and maybe licking along his neck again just to see if he could ...
"Hmm, I've always wanted to do that," he confessed, squeezing Sherlock's arse.
John thought he might hyperventilate. He thought he might choke on the dust in here or all the words he wanted to say but somehow couldn't.
John flicked one ear at him and nudged his calf with his nose. Sherlock smiled. "You could shit on the carpet in his office to make your point."
And of course John wasn't that drunk. He'd been in the army, after all. He could hold his liquor. The point was, he didn't have to as long as Sherlock was there to keep an eye on everything while John kept both eyes on him.
As the connection was built, he watched John sit up with a curious expression, clearly suspecting whom Sherlock was calling. He hoped John would remember his role in their ruse well enough to play the part convincingly.
Sherlock shook his head. “But-”
Sherlock didn't have enough experience with how other people felt these things to know if that was in any way possible. Perhaps it was. Human emotion had turned out to be more complicated than he had anticipated on every single occasion he had encountered it. Surely that had to mean it was possible after all.
"Nnng," John said, not very helpfully. "God, yeah, let's. We can just ... later, we can ..."
"Well, I was thinking you could play us a little something," Mrs Hudson says whimsically. "It's been a while since I last heard you play something that didn't sound like a cat that should be put out of its misery."
It wouldn't have been so bad if only he had thought to pull on his jeans first. But he hadn't and Sherlock was left staring dumbfoundedly at strong legs and red (his brain almost flat-lined at the sight) pants.
"Now, you have a better idea of what we're low on," Sherlock said, picking up a basket. "So I'll let you decide."
Sherlock didn't.
Sally nods and murmurs her thanks and before she knows it, she is alone in 221c.
This is it.
"You have entirely too much fur," Sherlock commented, using one hand to direct the spray and the other to carefully comb through John's fur with his long fingers. "How did you manage to soak up so much mud in so little time?"
He wondered if he would ever see John again after today.
"Or than to make small talk," John added in an exasperated tone that Sherlock suspected wasn't faked at all. "I apologise, the lack of an internet connection makes him a bit short-tempered."
"What next?" Donovan asked, jogging towards him. She had shifted and found some clothes to put on and had managed to return just in time to see the four disappear.
“All right,” he found himself saying, before he had quite finished thinking it through. It was hardly as if John could get any less interested in him. Seeing his ruined back wasn’t going to make him feel even less attracted to Sherlock than he already was. And ... well, it would be ... reassuring, in a way, to have a doctor he trusted take a look at the injuries and give him an honest verdict.
He steps into the flat and Sally pulls the door shut behind her, then takes the stairs at a deliberately normal pace so as not to appear like she is fleeing. She totally is, though, and she walks right into Mrs Hudson's flat, closes the door behind herself and sags against it, burying her face in her hands.
He stared down at John, trying to rally his thoughts into a sensible order.
Lestrade took a deep breath. "Sounds good to me. You heard the expert, boys!" he shouted to some of the Constables, who hurried over immediately. "As soon as the evidence crew is ready, I want this body taken to the morgue, care of Dr Molly Hooper. Understood? Off you pop. John, can I have a word?"
"An interesting meeting place," Sherlock noted. "Conveniently close to our flat, which suggests they already know where we live but didn't feel safe in meeting us on our turf."
Sherlock blinked and sat up. "Did they agree to it?"
He dragged Sherlock down half of Broad Walk before the first sounds of unusual activity reached him, and he promptly turned in that direction. Sherlock let himself be pulled along, walking in long strides and appearing rather amused by John's eagerness to get to the action.
It had fallen from Sherlock's pocket at the Yard and the light had been too dim for John to make out any of the words.
A trick. Of course. Nothing but a bloody trick to discourage an unwelcome admirer. And here John had thought there might be more to it. For just a second, he had been ready to consider the possibility of this being precisely what it had looked like - that Sherlock wanted him.
"I'm sorry, John."
"Mmh, you do smell like apples," Sherlock muttered and John watched one corner of his mouth turn up in what was probably supposed to be a smirk but fell short and turned into a soft smile instead.
Sherlock sighed again - this was precisely why he hated sentiment. It only served to mess everything up.
"Get these off me," he demanded, grasping John's hand and unceremoniously guiding it back to his trousers. "Right now."
Sherlock swallows. "John ..."
"Patrick Wiltshire," the man introduced himself. "Sorry, should have introduced myself right away. I'm afraid I'm not at my best right now."
"Having sex with a man," John said, as if that was the most obvious thing on earth.
It's the weirdest possible word choice to ring in a lazy Sunday morning, but it works all the same.
"Absolutely."
In the meantime, he took a nap, listening to the soothing sounds of Sherlock roasting a human toenail with his Bunsen burner.
"That was surprisingly fast," Sherlock observed. "They finally fixed their second scooter. I suppose Mrs Patel finally made her husband cough up the money."
". He couldn't help himself. He wanted to know what it was that Sherlock had had planned for tonight, their one last adventure together that they hadn't gotten around to doing.
, she thinks) “-was bugging me about them. Turns out they were all connected. I started investigating them all over again and then I found one Hannah Langley, who used to live in the flat just across the street from one of the victims. I went through the newspaper reports, called the papers and asked for all the photographs they had in their archives from the scene. And there was a picture of the street and a woman who looked just like Mary coming home with groceries. The landlord identified her as Hannah Langley. She moved out a week after the murder. And I thought, what are the odds that an assassin would get close to you? So I searched your blog and I found other mentions of assassins there."
And he hurried out the door before John could remark upon this completely uncharacteristic display of excitement or question him on where he was going.
Staring at the dimly illuminated form of his best friend sleeping on the too-large bed, he allowed his mind to wander.
"He'll never come back," he whispered once he managed to get his voice back. "He's gone already and I can't bring him home no matter what I do."
"So I'm right, then," Sherlock said, satisfied. "I will find out sooner or later, John."
John shook his head. "I don't need one."
," Sherlock said. "Which would have put us back to square one regarding hospital admissions. So I chose not to mention it. And then the decision was taken out of my hands."
Sherlock and John spent time together almost every day for the following week, with no small thanks due to a new case Lestrade brought to them the very next morning that kept them occupied for a full four days before they caught the killer. There was the good old legwork, interviewing of suspects, talking to potential witnesses, no less than three autopsies, one of them performed on a budgie, and, finally, a breathless chase through the dockyards and a maze of containers and ship loading equipment until John finally tackled their suspect to the ground with a TV-worthy move that would have made several rugby teams consider signing him up if only they had seen it.
Sherlock opened his mouth, no doubt to claim the 'sacrifices' had all been for science and were therefore legitimate, but at that moment the door opened and Patrick Wiltshire entered the room, looking like someone who hadn't slept much and was in desperate need of coffee. He nodded at them - or rather, Sherlock - on his way to the coffee maker and didn't pay them any further attention while he waited for the black liquid to run through.
"You ... hmmm... haven't told me when you knew," he murmured against John's lips. "When did you realise?"
John wondered what else Sherlock had done, how many other gifts Mrs Hudson had given Rosie that had actually come from Sherlock. Would he ever have the chance to learn?
They made a left turn and Lestrade steered the car along the outer edge of a rather long park. He found a suitable parking spot and parked the car. "There we are. Remember, no telekinesis, no funny stuff, try to keep your mouth shut for as long as possible. And for the love of god think carefully before you do say anything."
The detective had closed his eyes in the universal "Oh god please let the ground swallow me now" gesture and was blushing even more deeply now.
They turned to see James Marquis, immaculately dressed as always and holding a glass of brandy. Sherlock eyed the bespoke shoes and tailored suit, did a quick calculation of the likely price range on display, and couldn't help but wonder what a man like that was doing in a remote hotel in Scotland. Clearly he was not here for a holiday. Equally clearly he was not here to amuse himself.
Sherlock shrugged. "Our mental abilities have so far kept us safe. We may not be as physically resilient as a human, never mind a changeling, but neither of you possess or use telepathy."
"Thank you. You know ... for coming."
And then Sherlock pulls back, slowly, as if afraid John will drag him back down. He doesn't, letting his hand fall limply to the carpet.
"What about you?" Sherlock asked.
"You all right?"
“Understood,” he murmured. “It won’t be like last time. I won’t let it.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at him but John saw the corner of his mouth twitch in a hidden smile.
He shed his clothes quickly. John would likely give him at least an hour, just in case, and that probably included time for a shower afterwards. He barely took the time to throw his shirt and jacket over the back of the chair next to his wardrobe before pulling off his shoes and undoing his trousers.
“Oh shit.”
Sherlock didn't respond.
"I can demonstrate again if you like," John said, turning down the hob and coming over. "Here"
And then he had arrived and parked down the road, far enough away for the car to not be visible from the house, and had walked the rest of the way.
A moment later, he had to struggle to hide his smile when John abandoned Sally mid-pet to return to Sherlock's side and lean against his legs, his nose pressed to his thigh and cheek rubbing along the side of his leg.
Sherlock grinned. “You really do. But I do recall mentions of a trip to Edinburgh. Perhaps we should consider pulling that forward until the media frenzy calms down a little. I really don’t know why they have to make such a fuss.”
"It's only been half an hour," John said. "Relax."
Sherlock moved to cup his face in his hands, angling his head a little to kiss him even more fiercely.
John shook his head, got up, walked over to where Sherlock was still standing by the coffee table, and nudged his leg in the direction of the dog bed.
Sherlock blinked. "You are correct."
*****
John laughed. "No. But I suppose it would have been quite nice to be the one to tell
"Why not? It's
When John finally pulled back to breathe properly and opened his eyes, he found Sherlock staring back at him with a dazed expression, his hair a mess and lips red and swollen. John took one look at him, moaned and dove back down for another taste.
"Procedure," Sally said happily. "No officer goes out alone. Heaven knows I don't particularly want to be stuck in this car with you, but I'll be damned if I miss the chance to see you eaten alive."
Small lowered his gaze again, the corners of his mouth twisting down. "She killed my sister."
John’s heartfelt “Thank god” made them both chuckle and tighten their hold on each other a little.
"Fun?," Eliza asked, sounding shocked. "A young man has been killed!"
“But what if-”
"You've been to a war zone, I won't refute that you have your fair share of traumatic memories to choose from." The DI looked around to make sure that Donovan was back at her desk and that Sherlock was still absorbed in the case file on the other side of the room. "I'm just ... worried about you two, actually. You got pretty close there. Everyone with eyes in their heads could see it."
"Well, it was that or just let him fall to his death," Sherlock said calmly. "Obviously I never would have allowed that. It would reflect badly on my status if I, as a Gradient 9.9 TK, were unable to prevent someone from falling to their death."
John squeezed his hand and beamed up at him. "And I haven't even introduced you to chocolate yet."
Mrs Hudson reached for the papers. "A divorce?! Well that's a bit out of the blue, don't you think? It's been two and a half years. Granted, you were dead for most of them, but really. I'm sure you can talk him round when he returns. Divorce! Well, I never!"
John takes the bags from him and peers inside. "Baby lotion?"
John stepped back into the sitting room, threw the towel over one muscular shoulder and crossed his arms. "I'm not sure I believe what I heard. Since when are you interested in skin privileges?"
"All right, all right, I'll keep looking. Give me some space."
He struggled to his feet and shook his head to get some of the confusion to fade. Changelings healed quickly, if he had suffered a concussion, it would be gone before he knew it.
"Please."
Molly, of course, was already at home for the day but texted back promising to send him the required pictures first thing in the morning.
"Oh but he won't mind yours, will he?" Donovan asked.
Here we are again, at the end of yet another one of my fics.
Perhaps Lestrade sensed his deteriorating mood because he dropped the subject and turned the conversation to some of his own pack's antics, regaling John with stories of misbehaving juveniles and the challenges of balancing pack life and the job.
"There," Sherlock said, shoving open the attic door and pulling John inside before closing the door behind them. It wouldn't do to be overheard now. Several of the other guests had seen them barging into the building and watched Sherlock drag John up the stairs by the hand, obviously in a rush. It wasn't difficult to guess what they all thought they were up to, so they had bought themselves at least an hour of uninterrupted time before someone would come looking for them. Sherlock clearly didn't intend to need that long.
"What are you good for, then? This person did not dispose of dangerous glass shards in the bin but rather on a footpath in Regent's Park. Which is why I had to take Johnny to the vet this morning."
Mrs Hudson reached out and patted his arm. “You’ll make sure they’re found, whoever they are,” she said. “I know you will. And in the meantime, between the two of us, we’re going to look after John as best we can.” She nodded firmly. “It will be different, this time around.”
It would be so easy.
"I'm sorry but I cannot grant you your licence."
"Just make the introduction," Sherlock sighed. "And I'll do the rest. Just ... make it clear I'm not ... you know."
The man, Alexander, was still on his mind, as was John's reaction to the entire episode. How was it possible that John still didn't have a clue? As if Sherlock would ever so much as consider taking anyone home while that ring was still on his finger. As if he would ever consider doing it once the ring was gone.
Mycroft curled his lips, clearly disturbed by the idea of anyone doing something so disgraceful as rolling about in soft grass and having a good time. "Very well. We shall certainly try to have this all sorted out as soon as possible. The team has made some promising progress and experimented on isolated cells with very good outcomes."
Lestrade grinned. "Have fun getting soaked. Just walking the three steps from your front door to the car is going to get us half drenched."
“Go to bed,” Sherlock told him. “It’s late and you’re only going to strain your neck if you fall asleep here.”
Her eyesight was much better than average to make up for the difference, though. Ravens didn't require a good sense of smell. They had other ways of finding prey.
He took a deep breath. "Now piss off the lot of you, I want to get dressed without people gawping at me."
*****
That was the only reason John was currently stopping himself from going after him. That, and the look in Sherlock's eyes. Clearly his friend had been dreading this moment, had probably hoped John would never find out, and just as clearly he didn't wish to talk about it.
Perhaps it was something in his face or the way he sat, perhaps it was his choice of words or a combination of all of this. Either way, Molly cocked her head and asked quietly: "Does John touch
She did, albeit hesitantly, and John wagged his tail harder.
And Sherlock, conveniently absent for the big event itself. Sherlock, who had called Mycroft
John snorted at the idea. There was nothing about their friendship that could be so easily defined. It wasn't a case of Sherlock leading and him following. Quite often, Sherlock ended up depending on John, after all. They had more of a balance to their interactions. Then again, an alpha without a pack was nothing.
*****
He knew he was drawing attention - there were already screams and gasps in his wake. In Soho people had been amazed but John had left Soho behind quite some time ago and he was still running, letting the mating bond around his heart tug him in the right direction. It was there, strong and sure, and that was all he needed to know that Sherlock was still alive.
"Acceptance."
But he hadn't and before he knew it three years had passed and now this was their reality and he hated it.
Sherlock blinked at him. "Yes of course. She's the most brilliant woman I've ever seen. She'll tell you she's only dabbling but I have her books somewhere in the flat. And they're still threatening her with a Nobel price."
And he pressed his mouth firmly to a specific part of Sherlock’s lower back, just at the waistband of his pants.
Sherlock flinched, once again refusing to look at him. "Ah. Yes. That."
John found himself staring back, unable to break the intense connection as Sherlock's gaze grew heated.
But, to be fair, that is hardly his fault. Sherlock has been behaving exactly as he always has, and that is precisely the problem.
He hung up.
John and Sherlock stepped to the window and watched him walk down the street. He was halfway down the road when the Teleporter appeared beside him. They were both gone a moment later.
or something of that nature.
John smiled, the tension between them dissipating. "Really?"
He wished he knew how to make it better.
"You looked so much like a dog there," Sherlock said. "The position of your limbs, the expression on your face ..." He trailed off.
John nodded. "All right."
Lestrade thought.
"Well," Sherlock said slowly. "We do have all day and absolutely no plans whatsoever."
"How do you even end up unconscious under a bonfire?" Hennings asks, shaking her head. "How high do you have to be to think a pile of firewood would be a great place to crawl under for a nap?"
*****
To his surprise, Sherlock's face softened and he shrugged. "I can't help it, John. You know we can't risk it. Just consider the advantages - you certainly won't have to worry about not being able to catch up with me if we have to take down a runner. In fact, I'm quite sure you could do that all on your own. The Nova Scotia Duck Tolling Retriever is bred for hunting, after all. And what are most petty criminals to me but sitting ducks?"
"Yes," John agreed. "But that is where the similarities end. You did it to protect me, to save my life and that of others. You came home as soon as you could and apologised, once I finally gave you the chance to do so. You didn't abandon your own child. And don't even try to tell me that her motives for doing this were anything but selfish. All she ever did was try to keep me and none of it was ever done with my happiness in mind, as opposed to every single thing you have done for me. I may have been a bit slow when it comes to the two of you, but I am well aware of the difference, Sherlock. You are in every way superior to her and the only good thing that came from ever having met her is Rosie."
"I'm not," John told them, shrugging. "Circumstances required me to dust off my old camos. Now, how about that bath? I won't say no to a good meal either."
His sister Harry, on the other hand, hugged John long and hard before subjecting Sherlock to the same treatment. "Thank you," she murmured in his ear, "for making my brother so happy. I have never seen him so content."
It was too much. He was sitting here, in the small, dusty office of the chaplain, when he was actually supposed to stand out there in the church and make his vows.
"Oh." He frowned, feeling his enthusiasm for the wedding preparations evaporate. What point was there to it if John didn't feel enthusiastic himself? "So ... you don't want this, then?"
John stared.
"I can't believe you went out and got yourself a ring," he murmured. "And you had it engraved, too."
"I take back what I said earlier," Sherlock grumbled. "You being a dog is infinitely preferable to you being human. I don't even want to know what sort of commentary I'd be subjected to right now if you were capable of speech."
"Yes," Lestrade confirmed. "Spread out on the kitchen floor with the knife in his back like that."
"I saw no reason to divulge that information," Sherlock replied calmly. "The changelings trust us little enough already. Either way, it is of no matter in this case. The murders were too sophisticated, the targets too specific and difficult to reach, for anyone below Grade 8 to have been responsible." He paused. "Unless of course the Council sanctioned these hits?"
