Still. Amish, plain living was all Castiel had really ever known. These last few months notwithstanding, he had lived plain for almost 16 years. It was comfortable. It was familiar. It was the life he wanted for himself. If he could have that life and Dean he would want for nothing.
When they got close enough to see where the main community road met the highway, there was a car in view. As they watched, a lanky adolescent boy climbed out of the back seat and stood watching them, bouncing occasionally on the balls of his feet.
“Duly noted.” Cas fidgeted before he got between the sheets. “You should probably know that I’m... well, I’m gay. So if you cuddle me and my body has a reaction, don’t take it personally.”
Pretty soon, they were recreating his dream fairly accurately, though Dean quickly realized that the reality was a thousand times better than the dream. He was loving kissing the real Cas so much he wasn’t even sure if he wanted to go any further yet. Then Cas’s wings started caressing him again and he decided maybe they would have more time for kissing after other activities were finished.
They were waiting for him downstairs, so he took a deep breath and headed out of the room. On his way down to the lobby, he started to relax, since nearly every person he saw stopped to tell him how good his costume looked. He’d have to tell Charlie how great she had done. Not that he hadn’t helped, but she did the bulk of it. He just took care of the details.
Cas, as usual, was straddling him on the couch and Dean slid forward as he pulled Cas toward him. Cas, no doubt knowing where this was headed, did not stop Dean. He merely adjusted his arms on Dean’s back to hold him closer. Dean moved from kissing his mouth to kissing his neck and Cas let his head fall back.
, Cas. I can't! I need... oh, fuck, I need... Your tongue is so... Mmmmm. Please! Fuck, please, can't take it. Need something inside, Cas. Need you to open me up and fuck me." He gasped again as Cas gave a particularly skilled flick of his tongue. "Fuck, might not even need to—ah, fuck!—prep me at this point. You could probably—fuck!—slip right in...."
“Dean!” Sam said, in his most strident “Dean, you’re being a dipshit” voice. “What the hell? You just let some dude walk up off the street and snow you into some ridiculous story because you think he makes a hot Xena?”
Dean had gone along with it because, well, he wanted Cas to have friends. Cas deserved friends. Especially since Dean was kind of a crappy friend, in that he wanted to be oh-so-much-more than that, but had not yet managed to come around to saying anything.
Cas looked confused for a minute, then upset. “Got done early. Was tryin’ t’surprise you. S’prise,” he said, with a sheepish smile.
“Sassy. Lucky for you I like that. I mean, you can’t blame me for asking. You’re not free right now. You’re failing at immersion therapy.”
“Yeah, man, of course, sorry. Look, let me get you some aspirin and I’ll get some food ready while you rest up a little more, all right? We can talk about this after you’ve eaten and gotten rid of your headache, yeah?”
“Push me, Dean. Test my limits. I want to be....” Cas blew out a breath and looked away from those piercing green eyes. “Show me how to be as good as you are.”
“You’re just trying to up the testosterone to estrogen ratio in your favorite, old man,” Jody scoffed, coming up to lay her head on his shoulder and kiss him on the cheek. Then she grinned at Dean and Cas. “But you boys are most welcome to join us. Should be quite a party.”
Cas smiled and shook his head. Then he looked over to where the camera still sat and considered Dean’s earlier offer. When the idea made his very spent dick twitch, he felt he had his answer.
“Nah. Wanted to, believe me, but just didn’t sit right. I don’t like killing when the person or monster or whatever hasn’t killed someone else, you know? They were scumbags, that’s for sure, but....” Dean shook his head. Then he grinned. “My buddy got them arrested for something else, though. They didn’t get out for a long time.”
“You sure you won’t mind me hanging out with you guys, Cas?” Sam asked, though he had to know the answer by now.
“Really. Well, that’s just because I’m more awesome than everyone else.” He smirked as he indicated to the bartender that he wanted another beer.
for me... it broke through Naomi’s hold because, for the first time, some part of me started to realize what these feelings I had for you were. I didn’t fully understand until I fell, but I do understand now, Dean. I love you. If you’ll have me—”
Dean knew his hand was shaking as he reached back, but he couldn’t be bothered to care what Aaron or Ava thought about that. He was being given permission to touch Cas and he wanted it so badly. Having Cas pressed against him like this, the way Dean had dreamed about in the darkest recesses of his mind for so long, it was changing him in subtle ways. His brain could no longer understand the concept of pretending he didn’t want this. His brain only had the ability to instruct him
Dean’s smile was a kind of magic. “Yeah? Well, you’re in luck because I know the place that’s got the best bacon cheeseburger in the whole state. Their pie isn’t the best, but maybe we can swing by that place some other time.” Dean’s smile faltered and it was like the sun ducking behind a cloud without warning. It left Cas feeling chilled. “I mean, if you wanted. I know you don’t, uh, like me much.”
“It’s treating me really good, Bobby. I gotta stay here a couple months still, but I had court today and it went great, so I think I should be clear after that.” He was happy to have good news to report for a change.
"Ashamed of what we are, what we have together—or what I thought we had, anyway," Cas said with a sniff and a haughty look.
He went to church while they did their chores and then met them again for lunch. With Dean’s help, it was getting easier to make his own choices about things, at least when it came to activities. He went into town frequently, though usually not on Sundays. He decided to spend the afternoon finishing the wooden bookmark he was making for Sam. He thought he could get it done before it was time for the younger boy to leave.
All the while, Cas keened and writhed, hips rolling constantly, as though in search of something to ease the ache.
“Um, I was scared to call Bobby because I figured he’d turn us in or something,” Dean said as he sat back down. “So we just kept moving for the first week. Sam really wanted to call Bobby then, so I let him, but I wouldn’t let him tell him where we were.”
“Well, I think....” Dean scratched his head. “I think we just keep on being us, except now, maybe I get to kiss you and hold your hand and... um, stuff.” Dean could feel the blush spread across his skin like a rash. The smile Cas gave him was worth all the embarrassment, though.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel said on a yawn. He saw Dean’s mouth curl up into a smile and then a few seconds later, he began to snore softly. The soft sound lulled Castiel to sleep.
“Cas, wait, we talked about this. We were gonna be together until you had to go back, you said. You told me –“
That seemed to be the right thing to say. Cas seemed intent after that on kissing every single inch of Dean’s body and Dean couldn’t find it in him to object. He felt like he should be doing more for Cas, but he felt too limp and lost to really do much more than writhe and moan under Cas’s mouth and hands.
Cas said a teary, "I love you, too, Dean," before his emotions overwhelmed him and he pulled Dean into a too tight, too brief hug.
Cas looked at him, a little broken, and Dean dropped the tough guy act when they were in the car again. He reached over, against his better judgment, and lay a hand on Cas's shoulder to get his attention. When Cas turned those laser blues on him, he left his hand there for a moment.
Dean didn’t answer right away. He closed his eyes and seemed to lose himself in the rhythm of rocking in and out of Cas. Cas did his best to do the same. His aching erection was trapped between them, the skin of their stomachs rubbing against it obscenely and making him even more desperate for release.
Dean immediately felt more relaxed. Then Cas began to cover him in kisses. The machismo part of him wanted to protest, but the real Dean, the one that sought out one night stands mostly as a way to be touched, reveled in it and celebrated. Hadn’t he always secretly wanted this, deep down? To be worshiped like this by loving lips and hands? And
“So. Yeah. Three years of being idiots. That long enough, you think? Could we maybe, I don’t know, have really hot sex now?”
The next day, in addition to his usual desire to have Sam stay, he was not looking forward to Sam leaving for the added reason that he was afraid of the Campbells reaction to his decision. A part of him kind of thought they might be at least a little relieved, but they still might be vindictive or keep Sam from visiting him when he was on his own. He was afraid to find out.
Dean snorted and shook his head, walking toward the kitchen. He was pretty sure there was an unopened bottle of Patron in the cupboard behind the more often used liquors. It took him a minute, but he finally found it. Finding shot glasses proved slightly harder, but he managed after only a few minutes.
Cas shoved his phone back in his pocket, hoping she'd have some quick answers, but his phone remained silent. The ride to the restaurant was tense because the close proximity only enhanced the pheromones, but Dean did his best to distract them both. Cas tried to let himself be distracted, but it was difficult when all he could think of was how much he wanted to shove his nose into Dean's hair and scent him... and that was just for a start.
HOWEVER. I do have an excuse, as I have had edits and proof reading on the actual book!! It's called Not Just Passing Through and it comes out this spring! Follow
Dean was distracted by Cas’ hand and mouth, but when they pulled up to the house in question, he let out a low whistle.
Castiel bit his lip, understanding finally that he was no more a certainty for Dean than Dean was for him. He also realized that he had given Dean just as big a reason not to trust him. Dean had left the apartment that morning thinking they were going to be intimate when he returned, only to be told when he got back that he wasn’t to touch Cas at all, even platonically.
Cas dropped his head, but Dean caught his chin with one finger. “You know I wouldn’t stop you from experimenting yourself, don’t you?”
All denominations of comments accepted, but no foreign currency, please. Please consider tipping your writer with a kudos. Thank you for letting us service you. ♥♥♥
“Sore muscles are something I can fix without grace,” Cas said in a quiet rush. “If you would permit me.”
Since he’d already had one orgasm, the droplets that spread across Cas’s torso were meager, but Castiel seemed to find them fascinating nonetheless, watching them fall, rapt, as he filled the condom inside Dean at the same time.
Dean felt better than he had all day. “So if I turn them down, chances are they won’t be that disappointed – and they’ll probably be willing to let Sam come stay with me ?”
“Oh, my God. Did we—” He dropped his voice to a more library-appropriate volume. “—have sex?” His eyes were wide with shock. He wished—not for the first time, but the most strongly he ever had—that he’d never sustained that stupid concussion. If it hadn’t been for Crowley and his stupid antics...
He checked the sun as he hammered another nail into the side of the Miller’s barn. Soon, he was meant to meet with Jacob Davidson. He had been tasked with helping him guide the new English boy through daily chores for the next week, until it was time for Castiel to start his time of self-reliance. He wasn’t sure how he felt about the new task, but he would do as he was asked. He would be released to do what he wanted soon enough—and he knew how he felt about
If his wide blue eyed stare was anything to go by, Cas was pretty fucking surprised himself. The note, now that Dean thought to look for it, was lying on the ground. He pointed at it by way of excuse before bending to pick it up and then walking back inside.
“Shit, man, don’t make me wreck the car,” Dean said as Cas’ hand suddenly swooped much higher up and over onto Dean’s crotch.
Dean sighed, frustrated and annoyed. He’d waited long enough, hadn’t he? Still, he could wait a few more hours, now that he knew it was actually on the table.
Sam shrugged. “Need some time alone, that’s all. I’m sure Cas here won’t mind keeping you company.” Sam patted Cas’s shoulder.
There was no reply, which was probably just as well. He was so unprepared for seeing Cas right now, but he knew it was probably for the better, if there was a chance in hell of them saving their friendship. The most difficult part of the next fifteen minutes proved to be resisting the urge to watch the video again. He knew he should delete it, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to do that yet.
“Uh, okay,” Dean said, turning around to face him. “What about money? I don’t think I can loan you any, dude,” he joked.
Dean was genuinely distressed by the lost time, but Cas didn’t seem to be. In fact, he shrugged when he heard the year.
“Says here your name is David, so I assume that means you’re on a case?” The smile dropped. “Please tell me that’s not your brother you’ve got in there.”
“You told me what happened there,” Cas reminded him, as if he wanted to spare Dean talking about it again.
From what he had gleaned, the best ideas the author had been able to produce for coping with being in love with a best friend who did not return your feelings were to either trick the best friend into having feelings for you—via a series of elaborate schemes—or to find one or more other people with whom to have sexual intercourse. Castiel did not see either of these as viable options. He resisted the temptation to throw the book across the room or into the fireplace.
Dean had somehow faked a smile and gotten out of the room under pretense of needing a shower. All he had really done in the bathroom was let a few tears of disappointment leave wet trails down his face for a few minutes while the water ran.
“I—yes. I’d like to go out with you.” Looking at Dean was better than touching anyone, as far as Cas was concerned, but he felt it prudent not to blurt at least that one thing.
Dean blinked. “Yeah?” he asked breathlessly, unsure why the air was now so electrically charged and thick.
Cas pulled out with aching slowness and Dean shivered at the way it tingled his sensitized nerves. Then broad hands wrapped around his hips and he was yanked back onto that cock at speed and with force.
in church. Everyday for him is praise the Lord and shame the devil. Everyday is prayer and good deeds and hard work. And his beliefs, his
“Dude, I totally made that joke in my head! I mean, I am, kinda, but still—we’re totally drift compatible, Cas.” Dean grinned and slapped the bar top.
Cas walked over to where Dean was sitting. He slid a hand over Dean’s sweaty brow and up into his hair. Then he pressed a gentle kiss to his forehead.
come back, but Dean didn’t dare hope for that. He knew what living plain meant to Cas, maybe even better than Jacob did. There was a bit of melancholy that settled on him after that.
Dean’s ego enjoyed the stroking enough that he had agreed, and now here he was. Playing Spin the Bottle in his dorm like a middle schooler, with Cas—the guy he’d been fighting a gay crush on for weeks now—sitting right next to him.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas said with a huge smile. “I’m staying.” He pulled Dean into a tight hug, then he was pulled away into hugs with Sam and Gabriel and, to no one’s real surprise, even Bobby.
“Would you like to have supper here, so we can eat it while it’s still warm?” Cas asked, setting his purchases on the table.
“Um, I have no idea. We’re stuck in an elevator somewhere below the eight floor, that’s all I know.”
Dean stumbled through the door with Starla in tow, to find Cas sitting on the couch. Dean barely spared him a glance, but he jumped up and ran toward them, trying to halt Dean’s progress to his room.
Well this was just sad. Dean loved male strip clubs as much as the next bisexual, and he certainly wasn’t opposed to strippers in cowboy hats and sequined chaps strutting their stuff in sexy boots. Unfortunately, the cowboy who had just finished his set and was giving a lapdance clearly had no idea how to read the room.
“Dean, I’m human now, but I still remember my angelic transgressions. What I did to you there... I have a mountain of guilt over it. However, I need to go back and see if there might be anything else of value in that room. We never checked when we took the tablet.” He picked at a thread on his coat. “Besides, I also have the very fond memory of how you saved me in that crypt. You broke Naomi’s hold on me with your lo—” Cas cleared his throat suddenly to cover his near-slip. “When you said you ‘needed’ me.”
Castiel painstakingly explained it to Dean, who was only half listening to the words and fully just enjoying the sound of Castiel’s voice.
He was just finishing a sandwich and was snacking on some peanuts when his main cell phone rang. When he picked it up, there was terrible static on the line.
He looked up to see Cas looking at him in wide eyed surprise. Dean smiled more. “Meeting you was worth it, Cas. Best friend I’ve ever had,” he told him sincerely.
Cas and Dean stood side by side and watched him go. Cas could feel the tension drain from his body with every step Jones took away from him.
Cas pulled him abruptly back into a kiss and then pulled Dean forward by the hips, grinding their erections together. “Don’t you dare stop,” he growled against Dean’s mouth.
“Yep,” Dean told him, without a trace of the guilt or shame Cas had felt previously. Then Dean gave a cocky grin and Cas felt his attraction spike up, which he hadn’t known was possible. “What can I say? He’s super hot.” Then Dean leaned forward and whispered conspiratorially. “But don’t worry, Sammy. I hear he’s got a cute brother for you.”
If Dean before had been radiant, Dean around his brother was a bonfire that shone for miles. Castiel was finding it increasingly difficult to hold himself back from growing attached to this Englisher with whom he was bunking.
“Yeah? Awesome. She say what caused the whole tub in the bed thing? Shit like that doesn’t just happen. I heard a second crash too, what was that?”
. He didn’t know why it seemed so much more intimate than the blowjob... or maybe he did. Cas was in places no one else had been. Much the way Cas had been inside his soul and his brain, he was now entering his body, with the same delicate, loving touch Dean had come to depend on.
Castiel felt the sin of pride beginning to warm his face, so he cut it off. “Tomorrow you will meet many more of my people. I am sure you will find they are likewise pleasant.”
Dean grinned. “Nope. A younger one. His name is Sam, but I call him Sammy half the time, just to wind him up. And dude, if I could bring him to a strip club and get him a lap dance before he realized it was a male strip club? I would so do that.”
He flagged down a sales person and they took down the pertinent information about the mattress he wanted and started to walk with him to the register. On the way there, however, he spotted a comfortable-looking recliner and stopped to look.
“Yes. Please. I actually like these people. Well, not your dad and his wife so much, but the rest of them I like. And I like you and... I’d like your family to like me.” Cas’s eyes were open and seemed to be trying to will Dean to understand what he was trying to say without him having to say it.
Castiel used his lips and tongue to shut Dean up. Dean kissed back greedily, too hungry for the remembered taste to fight too hard to explain himself further just now. Then Cas was pulling away, just enough to growl at him.
Supper, as it turned out, was chicken pot pie, the thick sauce inside the buttery crust studded generously with carrots, peas, onions and potatoes, as well tender hunks of chicken. Dean knew he’d never tasted better in his life. He avoided moaning around his fork on the first mouthful, but it was a struggle. It was too hot to eat as quickly as he did, but he’d rarely tasted anything this good. The fact that it was a type of pie certainly didn’t hurt.
Cas broke the impasse by reaching down and taking Dean’s cock in his soapy hand. Dean started to return the favor, then had a better idea. He got them lined up and helped Cas take both their erections, so that they were frotting inside his fingers. Dean gripped them from the other side, hand partially overlapping Cas’s.
Dean rolled his eyes and turned to where Cas was standing, looking bemused. “We take some getting used to, I guess. You heading to bed, too?” Before Cas could answer, Dean’s face lit up. “No, first, you gotta have some of Bobby’s hot chocolate. You mind, Bobby? It’s kind of a tradition for us to have hot chocolate before bed and yours is the best.”
“You’re the one who wanted me to grow breasts, Sammy. Which of us is the child now?” It was Dean’s turn for a smug smile, knowing he had won this round.
Dean was happy to have the day off. He'd been working nonstop for about two weeks, with only a day or two off in the three months before that. He was taking all the shifts he could, trying to add enough to his savings so that he and Cas could put the down payment on a place of their own.
Cas still wasn’t there when Dean arrived, but that was all right. That meant he had time to sit on the couch and sober up before Cas got there. So he made himself some coffee and—having read somewhere that it helped—did a little working out while he waited. He wasn’t sure if the pushups or the caffeine were more to thank, but soon he had a clearer head. He went through almost the whole pot of coffee and almost two episodes of Buffy on Netflix before he heard the key in the lock.
,” Cas repeated irritably. “Look, you’re hot for me and that’s fine. It’s reciprocal, just FYI, but the guilt you’re feeling over it? That’s distracting as hell.” When Dean said nothing, Cas continued. “I get it, your brother doesn’t know and you’re scared. Trust me when I tell you he doesn’t care.”
“Whoa, man, this place is fucking huge! Are there servants and shit?” He looked a little sheepish, half expecting Cas to laugh at him for his naive question, but he didn’t.
“Our intention to consummate did factor into my decision, but it was hardly the only reason. I have a life that doesn’t allow a relationship like ours. I am sorry, Dean. You knew this when we started.”
“Guess I still can, huh? You don’t want me, fine. I’ll find someone who does and I will fuck their brains outs till I forget your name.”
Putting his lips to Dean's ear, he whispered, "I need to be buried inside you, Dean. I want to knot you and make you mine. If you don't want that, tell me now and I'll stop, but you're bringing out my Alpha and he
Cas obligingly sat up, taking the glass between his hands and drinking deeply. Dean sat next to him with an arm around his shoulders.
“Look, I was still processing it, and we had the party and then you reminded me about the camping thing... so that’s why I didn’t bring it up before, but... you remember Chuck from the party?”
Cas hated lying to Dean, he really did. He couldn’t risk telling him the truth, though. Dean already seemed not to like him very much. It wasn’t his fault Cas had this stupid, ill-advised crush on him. Neither Sam nor Dean seemed to remember, but Cas and Dean had actually met several months prior to moving in together.
Cas smiled genuinely, showing all his teeth and more than a little of his gums too. “I think if this storm holds, you should show me your room as soon as dessert is over.”
Dean smiled back and then nearly tripped over his own feet exiting the office. He wasn’t entirely sure how he managed to make it back to his own, but the next thing he knew he was sitting at his desk. He couldn’t concentrate on work. Novak—
“Get in here and gimme a hug, boy,” Bobby said as he flung open the door before Dean could knock. Dean couldn’t remember seeing him smile like that in a long time. Maybe ever.
“Wait, no, but he’s supposed to be at work right now. He can’t be in Lawrence. It can’t be him.” Dean’s brain willed it all to be a misunderstanding, prayed for his words to be right.
His guardians shared a look, sad smiles passing between them. It was Pap who spoke first. “Of course you will be, Castiel. To be truthful, we have suspected for some time that once you were out among the English, you would choose to stay there.”
He took both of them in hand and started to rock his hips. Dean hadn’t done much in the way of frottage before and he wasn’t sure if he regretted it or if he was glad he’d saved it for experiencing with Cas. Those blue eyes were boring into his, locking him into the moment. All he could see was blue and all he could feel was Cas and Cas’s dick on his own, hot and hard and just the perfect texture for friction.
If she had wanted assistance, Castiel wondered if he would have offered his own, as well, so they might spend more time together. Since she did not, he would never know. He felt relieved that Dean was coming with him to the barns and it confused him still further. He did not feel in control of himself.
“Well, if it does, we’ll just find a new way,” Cas said. Something about the statement gave Dean a warmth in his chest.
The trip back to the cabin was more or less a blur. He had the gasoline jug in one hand—he’d found it lying a yard or so away from Cas, thankfully not spilled—and the lead for the sled in the other. He knew he quite nearly ran, but was careful of the terrain. The trail was fairly smooth, but he checked his footing anyway. He couldn’t risk an injury himself.
Every touch felt better, even kiss more mind-blowing, every caress more intense. Dean just felt so good all over that when Cas slid inside him and wrapped a hand around his freshly hard cock, his brain whited out for a second. It was too much and he couldn’t process how good it all was.
Dean snorted into the head of his fresh beer. “Yeah, that could be it, too.” He wiped his mouth after sipping the frothy drink. “So, how about you? You never said. Do you, uh, have a preference? Or are you just drinking with me to be nice?”
He didn't wait for a response, just headed to the bathroom. As he washed the gunk off his hand, he decided it might not have come from anything they'd eaten. In fact, looking at his shirt made he pretty certain he'd actually bumped into it somewhere instead of spilling it. At least, he didn't remember any of them eating anything lime green. He was vaguely nauseated as he removed his shirt and found that his stomach was also sticky.
Cas’s face was setting off all of Dean’s warning bells, but he couldn’t do anything to stop what he knew was coming.
He realized instantly that he’d said the wrong thing. Dean tensed up and turned away. Guilt, Cas knew, was eating Dean up inside. As if Dean was responsible for all his time on the streets.
Dean felt him relax all over as they made eye contact. He risked sliding forward a little more. This time, when he tried to pause, Cas thrust up himself, seating Dean further inside him. Dean took that as his cue to keep going. He backed out slightly and slid forward again until he bottomed out inside Cas.
Castiel waved and followed Dean inside. He and Dean passed the time easily enough. Gerda had sent supper back with Dean earlier, so he cooked it for them. Then they read and talked a bit before their hot chocolate ritual. Everything was going well until they stood up.
Dean squatted down to try and reach a box of napkins that had fallen behind the other things on the bottom shelf. He heard the door jingle and then Charlie boomed, “Yo, Winchester! Where are ya?” Dean jerked in surprise, banging his head on the bottom of the bar. As he stood up, hand pressed to the knot that was no doubt forming, he saw that the hot guy was looking unsettled by Charlie as well. Those pretty blue eyes were wide and slightly terrified looking.
I just want you guys to know that waking up to all the notifications from your comments made my morning and reading all your comments lately has pretty much been the highlight of most of my days. My stories couldn't exist without you and so I give you all the hugs and kittens :) And this particular trope is dedicated to one of the first people who went from commenter to friend, the incomparable
He swallowed hard, then took himself in a tight, unforgiving grip. Stroking his dick like he was mad at it—because he was—he let the memory-slash-fantasy spin out in his head. The feel of Cas’s tongue, the feel of Cas’s cock, the sounds they’d made together. The taste of Cas’s cock in his mouth.
“Thank you for cleaning up after the party. Can’t believe it’s the same kitchen I left an hour ago.”
Cas felt heat wash through his body at Dean’s words. He kissed Dean again, then pulled back almost immediately.
Dean looked at him in concern, seeming to sense his discomfort. “Well, hey, um, you guys are all good and stuff, right? Like ‘help thy fellow man’ and all that?”
Dean had stoked up the fire to get it ready for making dinner, and it was probably just about the right time to throw the cast iron skillet in there to heat it. That way, once they got Cas’s things back to the cabin, he could pop the steaks and peppers in there and they would cook fairly quickly. He also needed to shove the foil-wrapped potatoes in the coals, if he wanted them to be baked in time.
Dean picked something up from a bowl and started fiddling with it. When he held it out, Cas realized it was a key.
Dean stared after him and fell heavily into his seat. He still had pie coming, so he opted to stay and eat it. Since Cas was gone, Dean supposed he could eat Cas's dessert too. Considering he'd been about to run out on Cas, he felt oddly dejected that Cas had left first. He'd really liked the guy, for more reasons than the Alpha-Omega crap, but he wasn't going to be bound to someone because his hormones told him he should be. A tiny logical part of his brain argued that all love was just hormones reacting, but he ignored it.
“Just that I can’t wait to try this stuff,” Dean said, trying a smile on for size. He thought it didn’t quite fit on his face.
- "person a: my ex is here please be my fake significant other and person b: hey I'm a good friend I can do that except well I'm in love with you but you're my best friend so I'll keep quiet" and laY ON THE ANGST before the happiest fluffiest of endings
He was crying again. He’d been trying to deal with it, but it just hurt so goddamned much. He’d barely gotten any time to be with Cas in a real relationship. Why had they wasted so much time trying to hide what they felt? He could have had all those days with Cas, if only he hadn’t been too stupid. And now it was too late. For everything.
The voice was definitely familiar, but he couldn’t identify it until he turned around. When he did, he was pretty sure his day—and his brain—had reached its capacity for weird. Given his line of work, that was saying a lot, he thought.
He was barely a breath away, but Dean could feel every millimeter of the distance between them. He felt like Cas was drawing him in, as if there were a gravitational field, pulling them together. Then that breath became nothing, and their lips met at last.
Refusing to allow himself to second guess, Dean surged forward, but not too fast. When his mouth touched Cas’s, it was light and sweet. But Cas’s hand came up to the back of his neck and pulled him in tighter, pressing their mouths firmly together.
Hi there. How are you today? Have you hydrated? Taken your pills? Taken a deep breath? Hugged a buddy? Texted/messaged a friend/relative/etc? Okay, well take care of those things and then come back and read this. :-*
“Jacob, I’ve made you something. I forgot to give Mam and Pap theirs, too. Do you think you could deliver them for me after I’ve gone. I think…saying goodbye again might be too difficult.” He handed Jacob the small figurine. “I know you could do better yourself, but I wanted to make you something as a thank you for all your help. Not just recently, but through the years.”
Dean felt that blanket fly away. He grinned. “Awesome. I’ve got two hours until my brother gets out of school and needs the books.”
“The same demon that killed my mom infected him. Demon blood. Didn’t turn him into a demon, but it made him pretty well immortal. Not to mention, made him hate himself. He had the same blood in his veins that ran in our mom’s murderer. He felt... unclean, you know?”
Jacob gave him a rare smile. “I am pleased to hear of your decision, Castiel, as I think you know. I am here because I knew you would likely be here today, one way or the other.”
Cas stared at the sight in wonder and Dean thought maybe he was finally getting close. This was confirmed when Cas grabbed onto his hips and started bucking up into Dean.
from the very moment I touched your soul in hell and knit your body back together, something very intense and new for me, but then when I came to know you as a living, breathing creature, even that feeling paled. You are a singular entity, Dean Winchester. In all of time and space, no other being has ever called to me this way. I love you. I believe that I have for a very long time.”
Dean sat in silence, staring at his phone. He thought about what Chuck had said. Was he still mad at Cas? He didn’t think so. He was pretty sure he’d forgiven him a long time ago. Still, it was nice to have an apology anyway. It made it easier to have good feelings—and good memories—for Cas. And he really wanted to.
, Cas was shifting again, pulling his fingers out and aligning himself once more. He lifted Dean’s other leg too and then Dean felt the head of his cock against his ass. He was nervous for a second, until Cas bent down to kiss him. Then he relaxed and Cas slowly pushed his way inside.
Dean smiled slightly. “Thanks, Cas. Um... so when they died, I was 14. Bobby didn’t think he was father material. He felt like letting us go into foster care and maybe get adopted was the better choice.” Dean licked his lips and stared into his mug. “He, um, he had a rough childhood. His dad was kind of horrible and Bobby was scared of ending up like him. I didn’t know that at the time. He’s told me since then.”
Cas shrugged and smirked. “You’re hot too. I get off shift in fifteen minutes, if you want to follow me over to my apartment.”
"Amazing," Cas said, then settled in to get comfortable as they waited for the tie to be over. "I've had great sex before, Dean, but that was... My God."
Sam, who’d been sitting next to him on the couch when Dr. Barnes called, reached out a calming hand to his shoulder. His eyebrows were drawn together and the corners of his mouth looked like they were melting. Dean noticed all of that instead of what the doctor was telling him.
Once they finally made it outside, they played Pirates for a while, followed by Cops and Robbers and Hide and Seek. Castiel had never played those or a bunch of other games before, so Sam and Dean declared it their mission to play all the things he wasn’t familiar with—which was almost everything. Then they all went inside for supper, followed by an hour of television before it was time for Sammy’s bath.
“Nah, I don’t mind. I need the practice for when I live on my own, right? Let’s see,” he said, searching through the icebox. “How hungry are you? I could make grilled cheese, if you’re pretty hungry, but if you’re not, I could bake this chicken Mam sent down?”
“Yep, yep, yep. Got that kale you needed. But not too much! Just enough,” he said with grin that made his face feel weird.
“You may,” Dean said, pulling Cas away from Gabriel so they could speak more privately. “Speaking of brothers, I think mine is into yours.”
Cas nodded, surprised at Dean’s perception. “I honestly have no idea why I’m telling you any of this. I’m normally as reticent to share with strangers as I am to be touched by them.”
“That’s not possible,” Dean teased back with a grin at Cas. “But it is pretty damn cool.” He flinched. “Darn cool. Pretty
Cas sniffed another bottle before Dean could finish. This one was filled with dull purple gray sand-looking stuff. Cas only looked confused when he pulled away.
“Whatever,” Dean continued in mock offense. “I’m going to take a bath, so I can wash off the scent of your bitter betrayal.”
On an ordinary night, Cas would have heaved a long suffering sigh at Gabriel’s ridiculousness. This wasn’t an ordinary night, however. This was the night Cas met Dean. He was pretty sure his life was about to change for the better. He couldn’t wait.
Dean listened as Cas explained how he’d ended up doing carpentry instead of planting and then he talked about his own experience with the pie crusts, ending the story by saying, “She even asked me to come back. Said she’d show me how to do filling next time. I guess that means I did a good job, huh?”
The voice was unlike his son’s, but the eyes were similar. Though Cas’s eyes were a deeper, more complex blue, Chuck’s eyes had a piercing intensity that held Dean in place.
Currently, he was Castiel Novak. His real name was Cassiel, and it was nice to be back to something similar.
Slowly, Cas stepped out of line and turned toward the voice. Incredibly, he saw Dean running through the terminal toward him. His cheeks were red and his eyes were wide with a mix of emotions. Fear and hope seemed to be at war in them.
“Was written a long time ago, by men, Cas.” He held up a hand. “I’m not denying your belief in God, Cas. If you say He’s up there, then maybe He’s up there. But you tell me that He’s all powerful and all knowing and all forgiving, right?” Cas nodded. “Then do you really think he would torture you with a love you weren’t supposed to feel? A love that doesn’t hurt anyone?” Dean looked away. “Except you, if you go back home... or you and me if you deny it,” he amended quietly, making eye contact again.
Dean tested the water, forcing himself to resist stroking his erection until he was safely in the tub. The stream seemed warm enough, so he stepped in, pulling the curtain across. He dipped his head under the spray fora moment, trying to clear his head. Instead, his thoughts reminded him of how rimming had felt and a little shot of precum escaped his throbbing, untouched cock.
The weather wasn’t ideal, but he figured that was kind of the risk a person took when they went to stay at their cabin in the woods during winter. Plus, unlike Sam who hated the cold intensely, Dean loved the snow.
Castiel sighed, having not yet made up his mind. “Would it be all right if I tell you tomorrow? I had thought I might ask Jacob whether he thought it was a good idea.” He hadn’t thought of it, but it would buy him a few more hours of time – and it was not a bad idea, now that he’d had it.
Once he bottomed out and lifted off again, Cas set a steady pace of bobbing and licking and stroking his balls. It felt so amazing, it wasn’t long before Dean could tell he was close.
Castiel stood, too, taking the dishes back inside before they walked back to Dean’s things. “What is Led Zeppelin?” he asked, looking at Dean’s shirt.
"Um... okay. I'll have to let you look at it by yourself, though. I've got the kids and I can't show you around right now," she said and sounded worried.
, Cas.” His eyes were red with unshed tears and he talked through clenched teeth. "Things were going so great and then I got back and you dropped a bomb on me, man!"
“I love you, Cas. Never gonna stop. Tomorrow, guess we’re gonna both know if there’s anything to that life after death shit, huh?”
They walked inside with Dean following Cas. The foyer was large and open, with tiled floors that echoed with their footfalls. Cas led the way up a staircase the swept up in a curve to the right of the door. Another swept up to the left.
After half an hour of Dean licking his lips and thrusting his hardon in Cas’s direction, however, the angel couldn’t take it anymore.
By unspoken mutual consent, they pulled away and cleared their throats, wiping their eyes quickly. “So,” Bobby said in a rough voice. “It’s yours. It’s got water, but no electricity.” Bobby looked sly suddenly. “ I figure, if you wanted, you might be able to turn the land into some kind of farm like they have over in that Amish village.” Bobby gave Dean a pointed look. “You’ve got about five grand to buy building materials with.”
“Okay, I know it takes you a while to get your thoughts together, so I’ve tried to give you a minute, but it’s been two full minutes and you haven’t said anything, so... maybe speak?” Sam said, sounding more amused than annoyed. He dropped his voice a little. “What’s Chuck doing here though? That’s weird for you, I bet.”
Dean laughed. Castiel was not a typical fanboy at all. “No, gorgeous, I don’t mind.” Dean scratched his head, embarrassed. “Uh, listen, since there are still so many people outside, I have to hide in a speaker box. You should probably join me.”
,” Sam said in mild annoyance. He flicked his eyes back and forth between Castiel and Jacob, though, for longer than his previous attempts at eye contact, as he explained. “It was only
Those of you who are kind to me week after week, my love for you is immeasurable and I will respond to your comments soon.
A few minutes later, the three of them were piled in Bobby’s car and heading down the road. Since Cas understandably had questions, Dean filled him in as they drove. Before five minutes had even passed, though, Bobby was pulling into a driveway. The property was fenced in, but there were no neighbors to be seen. From what Dean could tell, it looked like maybe there was a creek running across the back of the property, if the line of trees was anything to go by.
"No, sir. I’m Dean. Gabriel’s been promoted to manager of our fine store. However, I assure you I can provide you with the same quality coffee you've come to expect." He winked and then stared back at Cas expectantly. When Cas didn't answer, Dean spoke again. "Now then, would you like your standard order? I show the current wait time for the dispensary system is one minute, eight and one half seconds for your usual beverage of choice."
Unlike in the dream, Cas’s wings being present meant Dean had to lie on his back for the sixty-nine. Cas stood up beside the bed and Dean let his head hang off the side slightly, to give him a better angle. Back in reality now, he knew that he had zero existing moves, unless the ones from the dream counted. He hoped they did because he was flying mostly blind, having never been brave enough to be with a man prior to now. He was pretty sure that the hurried and incomplete handjobs he’d shared with that kid in Omaha when he was fifteen did
Cas grinned. “Not unless you wanna turn on the lights and give all the neighbors a good show,” he said in a low rumble before he closed the distance and allowed the kiss at last.
!” Dean reiterated, pointing at Cas with his fork before taking a large mouthful. Too large, really, not that he’d admit it.
This is it, kids. The finale. Please do enjoy. I hope it makes up for yesterday's cliffhanger. I'd originally intended to post this later yesterday, but I felt like death. Still pretty sick today, but somewhat less deathlike.
So they headed to a housewares store while they waited for Bobby to arrive. Dean started to grab the cheap plastic ones he saw first, but Sam got distracted  by some funny ones and made Dean keep looking. Cas wasn’t really participating and Dean and Sam started arguing good naturedly about a few sets.
"—tell him, then I will. He's going to figure it out, the very next time he looks at that letter, so you may as well confess. Do you think we're stupid?" Sam asked, causing Dean to frown in confusion.
“No shit, Samlock. I want a beer to take my anxiety from a roar down to a whisper. You really think that’s any different than somebody else popping a Xanex for the same reason?”
“I’m going to get my GED, actually,” Dean said without looking up from his french fries. “Might take some college classes once I get some money saved up.”
“Well, for starters, he thinks I’m pretty, too, just more in an aesthetic way – I’m not his type, apparently.” Cas tilted his head in contemplation. “I think he might be into my brother Gabriel, though,” he said, half to himself.
“Yeah, and my roommate and coworker has been looking for an excuse to kick me out, so that gave him one.”
“Maybe later,” Dean whispered as they broke apart long enough for Dean to move to Cas’ neck. “Want you all to myself right now.”
Mary pointed a fork in her direction, however. “You’re not off the hook, either, young lady. If Sam knew, you knew. So you were both holding out on us.”
In two hundred years, he would say that, aside from learning a few new languages and skills, and other than Balthazar taking and leaving at least six new wives, nothing whatsoever had really changed. His life was quiet, safe, and predictable.
Cas stared for a moment, then laughed. “You think because of what happened with April that means I’m
angry. At first. But when I needed you, you were there. And that’s all one can ask from a friend, isn’t it?”
The better-looking one turns gorgeous jade green eyes in his direction and Cas gets an overwhelming sense of attraction that isn’t originating from himself. It is coming from the green-eyed man and directed at Cas. Then he also gets a flood of guilt and shame that most definitely is not his own. Cas can’t remember the last time he felt either of those emotions.
In this position, there wasn’t a lot Dean could do in terms of thrusting back. Mostly what he could do was lie there and take it. He couldn’t even really reach down and stroke himself, but he didn’t really mind. However, he did think of something he could do to not only increase his pleasure—and maybe Castiel’s as well—but also help make round two more likely to be comfortable for him.
“Thank you, no, I believe I can stay with my brother. I’ll just make a few calls and I’ll stop by in a few minutes to pick up the check, all right?”
“Yeah, don’t need us cock blocking you, amirite?” Charlie teased, complete with elbow nudge and the worst wink Dean had ever seen.
Dean warily took a bite, expecting either to prove Cas wrong and find out it was greasy beef or be horrified by the taste of vegetables where he expected meat. Instead, while he could tell it wasn’t a greasy cheeseburger, he was pleasantly surprised by the flavor.
Finally, the lawyers were done talking and it was time for the judge to speak. He continued staring at Dean for another thirty seconds before he glanced down at his desk and lifted the file he’d brought in with him. He held it up, remaking eye contact again.
“The super can’t meet with me until after one and I need to run some errands. Would it be all right to leave my things here until I’ve met with her?”
Jacob had instructed Castiel to take bench in the back of the courtroom and he watched the proceedings from there. Cas wondered exactly how many times Dean had been before a judge. He knew it had to have been quite a few. He hoped this time was a better experience for him.
“I’m only forward when I know it’s a sure thing, Cas. All those women you’ve seen me hit on, I knew they were into me. The guys were always a little trickier, but same deal. But you... you’re a whole different beast, man. You don’t act like other people—which is fucking great, actually. It just means it’s harder to read what you want.”
“So, um... Can angels date humans? Is that allowed?” He shook his head, realizing that didn’t sound the way he meant it. “I mean, obviously, you’re allowed to have sex with us, but... can we, you know, have relationships as well as relations?” he asked with a small smile. He hoped it hid the turmoil in his brain and stomach.
“It’s cool, man, I shoulda made sure it was shut. I don’t know how that happened.” Dean faltered briefly. “We’re good, though? I didn’t, like, scar you for life or anything?” Dean asked, going for a joke and missing by a mile when his voice came out high and fearful.
He leaned forward and kissed Cas soundly, then returned to his knees between Cas’s spread thighs. The vibrator had Cas letting out so many involuntary noises as it relentlessly probed his prostate. Then Dean leaned over and sucked the head of Cas’s cock into his mouth and Cas thought he might black out from the intense pleasure.
He should have taken the damn job with Bobby when he’d offered, but doing things the easy way wasn’t in Dean’s nature. He was an idiot, and this time it might cost him more than a few months in detention. For the first time, Dean truly regretted the actions that had brought him in front of a judge. He never did when it was for Sam because it was for Sam. When it stopped being for Sam, he didn’t regret most of what he did afterward because it had felt like his only option.
make it without you. He won’t get over you. So you gotta wake up, all right? And, you know, you’re my friend too. My brother in law, which is still weird to me.”
. It was drooling precome and his balls throbbed with the need for release. He lasted for perhaps a minute before he was babbling again.
He rationalized that he was good with girls, so he’d probably be good with guys too. It wasn’t like he didn’t prep girls with his hands too, just in a different place, right? Still. It
Cas got up and moved closer to where Dean was sitting, leaning forward with his hands between his knees. Dean wanted to speak, he really did... but he also wanted to know what more Cas might say to Sam. His soul was beautiful? Cas had never told him that.
"Hey, no problem. We can stop by, get the key and then bring it back and ask any questions," he assured her.
The rest of Sam’s visit was equally enjoyable, especially during the quiet times when they weren’t doing chores. Castiel felt like he learned a lot about Dean as well as Sam. In Sam’s presence, Dean was more open, more himself. He was funnier and less reserved. Most of all, though, he was a kind big brother who was constantly thinking of his little brother and what he could do to make his day that much better.
Despite a valiant effort at distraction on the part of Cas’s mouth and hands, Dean wasn’t able to keep the bad thoughts shoved aside for long. He tried to lose himself in kissing and groping, but his mind kept bringing his thoughts back around to having to drop out of school. He didn’t know if it was the flagging erection that tipped Cas off—he’d certainly tried to keep kissing and touching, in spite of his thoughts—but it wasn’t long before Cas pulled back and looked at him with wary concern.
Cas shook his head. “I don’t know, Dean. I need... I need time to think. Please? Don’t be angry with me again!” he pleaded desperately, nearly sobbing again.
Dean figured a day would come when he stopped treating Cas like his every breath was a gift, but that day wasn’t today or any time soon. For now, he was ecstatic every time he got to see those blue eyes. He hoped that never changed.
“Wait, so... this whole time? Does this mean—Cas, does this mean you want more than friendship too?” Dean was terrified to hope, but that definitely sounded like what Cas was saying.
The court appearance went even better than the last, and took less time. When they were finished, they took a taxi to a few neighborhoods Dean suggested and had a look around. Castiel knew right away that the second one they visited was the one where he wanted to try to get an apartment.
He didn’t speak of his thoughts to Dean. He just enjoyed their time together and became evermore affectionate with him. They had experimented more with sexual practices – after he and Dean had sat down one night and Dean had explained to him the many options available to him – but they had held off on penetrative sex thus far for many reasons.
By the time Castiel had turned him around with his back against the wall, he was a blissed out mess. Dean didn’t think he’d ever felt like this before, at least not when his penis hadn’t even been allowed to join the party yet. He remained plenty hard but untouched and he was strangely okay with it.
“Nice to meet you, too, Cas.” He signaled the bartender to refill Cas’ drink. “So you’re a big Xena fan?”
They lingered as long as they could, but eventually it was time for Cas to get ready for the cab that would be coming to take him to the village. Dean pulled him into a hug and Cas nearly stole his breath with how hard he hugged back.
Castiel hesitated. It was really Jacob’s story, but he didn’t know how to explain to Dean without giving those personal details. He hoped Jacob would forgive him. “Jacob is a homosexual.”
Dean groaned, but didn’t move. He watched, paying special attention to Cas’s lithe, athletic body. He wasn’t ripped like a body builder. Instead his body exuded strength and movement and grace in a way Dean had rarely seen outside the ballet. His ass alone was sonnet-worthy—not that Dean intended to start writing poetry to how hot the guy was, but still. He could’ve.
Dean bumped him with his hip. “Yeah, yeah, I got my own blisters. I just mean, you know…A year ago, could you have imagined this?” He stared at the house for a moment before turning his gaze to those deep blue eyes. Eyes that had first captured him nearly 12 months ago to the day.
She was Xena-tall, with a muscular build. She was tilted so that he could see she had slightly slimmer hips than Xena, but her ass filled out the skirt nicely. He thought the hair was probably a wig, but it was a nice one. The outfit looked really well made. He wondered if the woman had bought it or made it herself.
Then that huge hand was wrapped around Dean’s cock and he wasn’t thinking much of anything. Cas was kissing him again then.
Cas’s nimble fingers opened Dean’s button fly as if by thought alone. Before he could remove them and free Dean’s erection, however, Dean stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.
Dean gave them one more firm stroke and then let go, kissing Cas briefly before he flipped over underneath him. Cas pressed soft kisses to his neck and shoulders and further down, kneading the muscles after his lips had moved on. Finally, he had reached the based of Dean’s spine and Cas heard Dean’s breath hitch when the next kiss landed on his rim. Cas used his long, thick tongue to lick a path across the puckered opening, drawing a moan from Dean.
Based on the prompt: 'pose as a couple for a case' trope. Dean and Cas posing as a couple and having to keep up couple-y appearances, which leads to them both discovering some truths about themselves and each other and the unspoken nature of their bond.
It took him ten minutes because he wanted to get it right. He was careful with each letter and drew it slowly and methodically. He may have noticed that Cas’s breathing quickened with every pencil stroke and deliberately drawn it out to make sure Cas was a mess by the time he was done, but who could prove that?
I was thinking I needed to finish this and two people in two days concurred with this assessment, so have a new chapter! It's still not finished because *insert vaguely Dom-like reference implying you're good at waiting here*.
“My siblings and I knew the only way to survive was to do the same. Vampires have a few special powers aside from immortality. We can communicate telepathically to a degree. We can shrink ourselves. And we can fly.”
Castiel was confused by Dean’s obvious reluctance to sleep in a room alone. Then, remembering what Jacob Davidson had told him of Dean’s family history, he thought he understood. He hesitantly clasped Dean on the shoulder. “It is hard to lose one’s family. I lost my parents when I was young, too, and my brother... he chose not to stay here after his time in the world.”
“About six months. He had three months at the village and I’ve had nearly three months in the city.”
"Castiel, I'm afraid we will have to shelter here for a while. We will get you to the phone as soon as the rain lets up."
“Yep, yes, that is a thing that should happen.” Dean paused in taking off his shirt as a thought occurred to him. “Hey, um, do you actually, you know, like the beard?”
He glanced at Castiel once more, this time searching his face before turning toward the road again. “While you are the most devout at this moment, something may occur that changes your decision to stay with us. Or, it is possible that Dean may decide to embrace our ways and stay. The future is not as set as you might think.”
When the wagon stopped, Jacob turned and said, “Hold a moment, Dean. I would speak with you privately.”
Though the angle was uncomfortable and the lighting dim at best, Dean soon had Cas’s other hand free. He stopped to remove the dangling cuffs from Cas’s left hand and then it was time to formulate an escape plan.
ABO is new for me, not really my thing, usually, so forgive me if it doesn't live up to what you're hoping for. Also, if you're not into that sort of thing, hopefully you'll give it a try now because
Sam had an engineering question, which Dean was always more than happy to help him out with. Whenever Dean needed an obscure fact, Sam helped him. It was a nice quid pro quo they shared. Finally, after Dean tried once more to scar his brother for life—”Double D’s, Sam-o, whaddya think, huh?”—Sam let him go, with assurances that Dean was “gross,” “immature,” and “the worst brother, ever.” Dean took that as a sign that he was getting better at messing with Sam’s head.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said, looking over his shoulder to make sure Sam wasn’t paying attention to them and he dropped his voice. “That’s kind of why I’m here. I’m worried about you. You don’t take naps, Cas. And in the store, you seemed… upset.”
Dean looked over his shoulder to find Cas still standing there, looking flustered. When Dean caught his eye, he snapped out of whatever was going on in his angel brain and scurried away in a hurry. Dean sighed and ate his cereal with a sick feeling in his gut. Shouldn’t he be over these not-feelings by now? He’d ignored them for years, surely they’d go away soon.
Cas nodded and Dean immediately started thrusting into him in earnest. It didn’t take long for either of them to be sweaty, panting messes. Cas didn’t mind so much, knowing his much-needed orgasm was imminent.
Cas lifted up only enough to remove his shirt and use it to clean them both up. Then he lay back down on top of Dean, pressing a kiss to the hollow at the base of his throat before settling slightly off to the side. Dean’s arms came up and wrapped around him. It felt natural. It felt nice.
Dean logged off without waiting for a reply. Sighing heavily, he steeled himself for calling Novak on the phone. He and Castiel Novak had gotten off on the wrong foot early on—namely because Dean had felt an instant and ridiculously strong attraction to Novak and, due to the fact he was dating a super jealous woman named Anna, had overcompensated by being a complete tool—and he’d never been able to get back on track.
I'm not sure this is going exactly where you hoped, RP/PB... but I'm trying. You know these boys. They wanna just always wanna get to the good stuff. To paraphrase Chuck: Slow burn angst is hard.
Crowley’s eyes narrowed at the bungling of his name, but he didn’t even bother responding to Dean at all. “Castiel, darling, why don’t we have lunch? Catch up. I’ve moved back into the area.” He stepped closer and tried to reach for Cas’s hand, but found it was being held in Dean’s already. “You know, I really did have feelings for you. Jail didn’t change that.”
“Well, hey, don’t rush out on my account. If you need to stay another couple of days, it’s cool with me.”
know that bisexuality—and pansexuality and asexuality—are real things. I would never try to say otherwise.” He sighed. “It’s just that I was quite sleepy and surprised and, in my experience, when people say ‘I’m not gay’ they generally mean ‘I do not find men at all attractive’ which obviously was not your meaning and I’m sorry.”
Before they were halfway to the porch, the door opened and a young man stepped out. His light brown hair was long and curly and for a moment, Castiel didn’t recognize him. Then he smiled and Cas realized that this was Gabriel. He had changed significantly in the past few years, but his smile was the same.
Uncomfortable with the feelings the wink gave him, Castiel snapped, “I don’t think making good decisions is what brought you here.” He glanced back and Dean looked stricken. Castiel immediately felt terrible. He stopped walking and said, “Forgive me, Dean. I did not mean that. You will not be judged while you are here. I am out of sorts today and should not have taken my bad mood out on you.”
Dean dealt with his feelings, as he usually did, with humor. He turned around again, splaying open his legs and making sure the robe showed most of him.
Dean was on his knees, practically vibrating with anticipation of what was to come. Then Cas gave him a command that threw him.
Dean bit his lip. “Dammit, I just got that to go down,” he said as his dick threatened to spring back to life.
As he finally came down from his orgasm, he was covered in slick and come and he didn't care. He wished again that Cas's come was part of the mix. He finally realized that Cas himself was in the same half-dead state as he was, eyes heavily lidded and drugged looking. He smiled at Dean when he caught him looking.
“Dean,” she said when he’d only gone a few feet. “Are you all right? You’ve been... off... the past few days.”
Sure enough, as he was walking to visit old man Enoch, Cas fell into step beside him within a few minutes.
He resolved to speak with his guardians while Dean took his bath. He showed Dean how to get it all going and then he headed over to his home. Mam and Pap were happy but surprised to see him. They had opted to have dinner in the house by themselves and Castiel wondered if he was interrupting them.
noticed and his rude return fire to Dean had been more a product of keeping up appearances than any real vitriol on his part. He actually liked Dean and understood his hesitancy. However, since he didn’t have any reason to know Dean wasn’t actually a dick (that anyone knew of), he pretended to hate him.
An hour and a pair of pants later, Dean met Cas and Sam in the library. “All right, so what’s this case that’s got your panties all dewy, Sam?” He ignored Sam’s eye roll as he took a seat at the table.
He couldn’t let himself think about who the other person might be leaving behind. Had they had a significant other they were having to say goodbye to? That wasn’t so bad, if they were in a relationship. Dean wasn’t going to stop them having their fun. He certainly had no intentions of stopping his. He’d agreed to be faithful for the first six month, but after that, he’d do what he wanted.
Castiel went completely still. He glanced up at his brother, but saw no fear or disgust in his face. He licked his lips and tried to find his voice. “We, um…” He trailed off, then sat up straighter, steeling himself for a bad reaction. “Yes,” he admitted, tilting his head toward one shrugging shoulder. He managed to maintain eye contact, but it wasn’t easy.
Cas pulled him closer and made Dean look him in the eyes. “Dean,” he growled. “I never wanted the first time to be like this.”
“He did it because his fiance asked him to, right?” Dean was looking at him with what appeared to be amazement. “I never told you what happened to my brother when I was a kid, did I, Cas?” Dean asked, turning away from him.
“That’s not who she is!” Dean responded vehemently. More quietly, he said, “We had a mom. She’s not her.”
Dean, heart pounding and mouth dry, managed to get the key in the lock and open the door without having a full-blown panic attack. Once in the room, though, he fell forward with his hands on his knees and tried desperately to breathe. He felt a light touch on his lower back, however, and the panic passed.
Cas’s hands slid down to Dean’s shoulders, pulling him closer. “I think we could start with a kiss.”
Cas slumped slightly, seeming defeated. “When you disappeared, I thought something had happened to you. Then I realized I heard music from in here and when I saw you, I realized what it must have been.”
Castiel looked around idly as they walked to the check out. “I do know of somewhere, actually. And to be honest, they have better pie than what you’re buying there, but I don’t know how you feel about burgers. It’s not very upscale, I’m afraid.”
When the doorbell rang a few minutes later, he sighed and heaved himself up. He plastered on a a smile before he swung the door open to find only Charlie and—
Cas snorted and Dean smiled. He looked far happier than he had when he’d come out of the bedroom. Cas couldn’t help staring at him. Dean really was quite lovely to look at. Cas forced himself to return to the matters at hand.
He was halfway through the joint – and halfway out in a bubble in space – when he heard the front door jingle.
Castiel is a supernatural being who has lived alone for centuries. He never expects that to change... until he meets Dean.
“Lisa isn’t an idiot. She could just tell that it wasn’t working. She knew my heart wasn’t really in it.”
Cas shrugged. “The technique I used earlier to calm your arousal also works in reverse. We’ve wasted enough time not doing this, haven’t we? Why waste more?”
Dean pressed his lips to the juncture of pelvis and thigh, soft curls just barely brushing against his face. He kissed across to the other side, deliberately bypassing Cas’ erection. This time when Cas said his name, it was higher pitched, a reedy and begging sound as Cas’ hiked his left leg up to give Dean access to where Cas wanted him most.
Thankfully, Dean seems to know what he needed. He rolled them to the side slightly and grasped Cas’ erection firmly before rolling back over. Now when he rocked forward, his motions not only pressed his penis against Castiel’s buttocks and testicles, but also thrust Cas into Dean’s fist.
“No, I don’t—actually, yeah, man. That would really help. I honestly don’t think I can do this on my own much longer. Waiting for the other shoe to drop is killing me.” Realizing his choice of words, he grimaced. “Fuck. This is a really fucked up situation, you know that?”
Anyway, this is the end of this one! Don't know which one I'll work on next, but I am going to post it here and NOT in a new one, okay? Okay.
“I’ve given one handjob and one blow job and I’ve gotten two handjobs and one blowjob from guys. It’s about the same with girls, except I actually had sex with one girl, one time.” Cas gave him a look. “What?”
“Bela, she—Cas, she showed me pictures. Of you and some guy in a hotel. I mean, you weren’t naked in the pictures, but you’d snuck off to a hotel with another guy and there were pictures of you two hugging and laughing and—”
“Shut up,” Dean said, but there was a small smile playing at his mouth. “I know who Mapplethorpe is. I read.”
“Well,” he said after another awkward silence had lasted over two minutes. “I suppose I should let you get down to the beach. No sense you putting it off on my account. I know what the ocean means to you.” His voice almost broke on the last sentence, but he held himself in check.
“You’re tossing and turning because it’s weird being in bed with someone you’re not touching. So get over here already.”
The plain people, as the Amish often called themselves, did not wear jewelry, but they made it and sold it to the Englishers quite often. Cas had a knack for woodcarving, like Jacob did, and when Dean was depressed over Sam’s leaving that first time, Cas had carved him the necklace, which he had tied to a leather cord. Dean hadn’t taken it off since.
The Friday after the Starla incident, Bobby had asked Dean to come to the house after he finished his first car and now Dean was standing in the living room, waiting for the older man to show up. He had no idea what Bobby might want to say, but he hoped it wasn’t about Cas leaving. He was not ready to deal with that yet. He had another week and he was not going to think about it until then.
“Rufus has told me a lot about you, Jacob. Nice to finally put a face to the stories,” Bobby said with a smile. “He’s supposed to be here in just a little bit. Had some paperwork to finish up first, I think. So,” he asked, turning back to Dean. “You’re all free and clear now? No more juvenile detention as long as you keep your nose clean?”
his cool a few seconds later was the elevator car suddenly coming to a screeching—literally—halt. Almost immediately, the tiny room was plunged into absolute darkness. Dean could hear a little gasp from the other man, but it was almost lost over the pounding of Dean’s own heart.
You should probably brush your teeth. I'm afraid the sweetness of Destiel might cause cavities otherwise. Please feel free to continue saying things to me, and I will try to get back to all your comments old and new very soon. Maybe even this afternoon. ♥♥♥
“No, Cas. Just you.” This time the prolonged eye contact felt heavier, but maybe that was because Dean was trying to convey “I love you, you fucking moron” using only the dilation of his pupils.
In the end, Cas thought they chose a mix of both. They tried a little bit of everything when it came to foreplay, but they didn’t do much of it for longer than a minute or so before moving on to the next thing. Before more than ten minutes had passed, they were both naked and caressing each other’s skin with hands, mouths, and any other body parts within reach—which meant most of them.
Dean started to freak out and get embarrassed, but then he realized that Bobby wouldn’t have moved out the bunk beds or made the suggestion about the mattresses if he wasn’t okay with he and Cas bed-sharing under his roof.
Dean realized he was playing with his necklace again and forced his hand down to his thigh. He sipped his hot chocolate—which was now cold chocolate, but he didn’t mind—and asked Cas about the rest of his day. He listened to tales of stares and awkward questions, laughing at some of Cas’ descriptions and reactions.
Cas gasped when he entered the room. Unbeknownst to Cas, Dean had come home at lunch to get everything ready for the scene. Restraints were hanging from all four posts of the bed and a selection of toys were laid out on the side table they reserved for the purpose.
Dean handed him the baby and carefully sat next to him on the loveseat. “He has them sometimes. Dad... I think he’s drinking again. He was telling Sam stories yesterday. Scary stories. I think that’s what did it.”
“I... yes, I would, Dean. Thank you.” He went quiet, but Dean could still feel tension in his body and suspected he had more to say and wasn’t sure how.
Dean had been prepared to yell if the guy got handsy with his nude ass, but Mortie didn’t even reach in his direction. That was a blessing, at least. Dean moved where he was asked, even though it put him far too close to Cas’s junk. Or not close enough.
Bobby looked at him and Dean suddenly realized where Sam had learned his classic “sick of your shit” face. “Boy, that’s not enough.”
Cas sighed heavily in the dark and Dean thought that would be the end of it. He lay there, willing his breathing to regulate, wishing his limbs limp, trying to relax. Instead, he felt a tension building and he didn’t know why. Then he heard Cas draw in a breath before speaking and realized he was the source of the tension.
Before long, they had both lost their remaining clothes and, wow, being naked with someone was new, but it was
“Bal, do you expect me to clean up after you forever the way I did when we were children?” Castiel had yelled when Balthazar explained his predicament. “This is not just a pile of toys you’ve left on the floor, it’s a
Dean—wet and naked Dean—lay in the bathtub. His head was tilted back, eyes closed and mouth open. He was gloriously beautiful, but that was not what made Castiel’s eyes bulge in their sockets or his skin flush across his whole body. Dean’s hand held his full erect penis and he was stroking it with speed and single-minded enjoyment.
But she climbed directly over Cass on all fours first. She plunged her tongue deep into Cass’s mouth, suckling at her lips and losing herself for a moment in the sensations. When she had drunk her fill, she moved across Cass’s cheek and down her neck, inhaling the heady floral scent she had enjoyed so much earlier in a more intimate way.
Jacob let them finish their tea and then he drove them to the phone in his buggy. Dean gave him the number and let Jacob do all the talking. The younger men listened as Jacob explained to Mrs. Campbell who he was and where Dean was staying. He asked if they could bring Sam down for a visit to stay with Dean over the weekend.
Dean hadn’t known his roommate Cas for very long. He was a friend of Sam’s who had needed a place at the same time Dean was in need of a new roommate. He was plenty nice to look at, but Sam had made it clear he would be mad as hell if Dean hooked up with him. Dean had therefore done his best not to get too close to the guy, since the more time they spent together, the hotter the guy seemed to get.
“You take care of yourself, Castiel. Check in with us every few days once Dean takes over the milking by himself, all right?” Mam told him.
"Whoa, Cas, take a breath. It's okay. Um. So, my girlfriend and I broke up. And...." Here, he hesitated, very unsure if he should be this open, but unable to stop himself in the end. "I can't stop thinking about you either."
“When the first man arrived, I was confused. He had some sort of drum in his hands, but that wasn’t the weird—”
Cas muttered something under his breath that might have been “a little hard not to notice you” or might have been football scores, but Dean chose to believe the former. Then Cas cleared his throat.
When he got to the chair, however, he realized he was thirsty. He set his notebook down and headed for the kitchen to get some juice. When he opened the icebox, glass in hand, he froze. The egg container was completely full again. Cas had come back in and was now gone again.
“That’s me,” Cas said and Dean was shocked to hear how much deeper his voice had gotten since the last time he’d heard him speak.
“You’re... what? Are you serious? You’d better not be messing with me, Dean.” Sam sounded like he wanted to believe it, but was skeptical.
Dean’s eyes widened and he felt his face go slack in shock. “Wow, buddy, you weren’t kidding. That’s fucked up. Looks like Grandpa Henry had some issues, huh? Hey, are you sure you should—”
Castiel’s eyes were wide with fear. “But how do I know he will even stay with me? If I leave this life, get shunned, and then he leaves me, what then, Jacob?”
“Sure, little brother. Any friend of yours, right? Come on in,” he said, turning to head inside. “Are you guys thirsty?” he asked over his shoulder.
Balthazar stopped in at the shops and bought a few things, letting it drop that he was visiting the castle. He flirted with everyone and generally tried to leave them with a good impression of the family who owned the castle. The days of mobs with torches were mostly over, but Bal knew they could return all too quickly without maintenance of goodwill. He knew Cassie would never think to do these things for himself.
“No, definitely not. Can we talk later though?” Dean felt like an ass because he hadn’t responded to the sister stuff yet.
Dean smiled. His brother really was pretty awesome. “So,” he said, pulling Cas back against him. “Nap and then shower?”
Then he told Cas how glad he was to get to see the real him, though and the look Cas gave him was like a rope tied to the middle of his chest. It drew him toward Cas, ever so slightly. Dean kept himself from closing the distance, but with the recent interactions, he felt brave enough to stand his ground. He looked at Cas with a question in his eyes.
Surprise and relief coursed through Dean and he felt his shoulders relax. “Man, all this time I’ve been feeling so nervous because this was all uncharted territory for me and you seemed so experienced,” he said with a small laugh. “Turns out it’s new for both of us. C’m’ere, Cas.”
Balthazar came quickly, but he didn’t use his powers of flight for the last leg of the journey, figuring it was better for Castiel if the townspeople saw him receiving a visitor. They wouldn’t have seen the man himself since he had “moved in” a few days before hiring Dean—and that had been a few years back now.
Jacob had business in the city today, so Dean and Cas were not having lunch together like they normally did, but that was okay. Dean had already come up with a plan and he was grateful for the time to himself to get started. Bobby looked at him a little funny when he sat on the porch with the wood and the carving tools, but Bobby always looked at him funny.
Dean sighed and took a long draw off his beer. “Sam, I just... as soon as I saw him... I don’t think I’m in love with Lisa,” he whispered.
“So, is that what we are, Cas?” Dean’s voice was very soft now. “I mean, you did kind of kick me out, so, I don’t exactly know where I stand.”
“Dean, you’re in no condition to drive. Please. I promise not to be a dick—or even speak to you, if you don’t want. But take a minute and get a hold of yourself before you try to drive, all right?”
4 - Other stuff I can't remember - OH! I started on the next Trope ficlet, but was not allowed to post/finish until I did the SGBB thing.
Dean easily reciprocated the hug, allowing himself to breathe in Cas’s scent the way he normally refrained from doing. It would make it look more natural, he told himself.
“Not like this, but I wanted it,” Cas said, opening his eyes so that Dean could read the truth there. “Wanted it so long, Dean. And now... I need it. Please.”
"Damn, Cas!" Dean laughed as relief swept through him. "You scared me, man. Yeah, I mean, I've been with people, but it's never been, you know... like that. Passionate."
Jacob’s flat expression cracked for the first time and turned to one of shock. “What are you talking about, Castiel? He’d have told me.”
Forty-five minutes later, Dean was finally back at his desk. He hadn’t had much time to dwell on his private embarrassment, given that he’d had to finish the meeting and answer questions. Still, now that he was back in his office alone, he had more than enough time to feel like an ass again.
At breakfast, they were both too tired – and nervous—to speak much. They finished their food, washed their plates and got dressed, once again packing their dirty things in their bags. They had just finished dragging the bags onto the porch when they saw Jacob rolling up in the wagon.
Sam couldn’t make Dean’s face into his annoyed face, but he gave it the old college try. “Oh, I don’t know, Dean, maybe because I woke up with a curse box in my hands? Or y
"Yes, Dean, I know. I got lecture after lecture when I hit puberty about how to treat Omegas," Sam's tone was wry, but there was a thread of concern underneath. "What's happening? Did some Alpha pull something on you?"
Cas’s tongue went a little deeper and touched him even more intimately. Dean wanted to grind back against his mouth, but he didn’t. He loved feeling Cas’s stubble rasp against the insides of his ass cheeks and how his chin probed at his taint just so. Dean was so hard he was leaking and all he wanted was to live like this forever. He could feel himself opening up easily under Cas’s perfect attention and when the first finger slipped easily inside him, he wasn’t even surprised.
Castiel stared at him for a long moment with narrowed eyes. “I can’t tell if that’s the sweetest thing anyone’s said to me or the dumbest.”
“No. He was shunned and I never had a chance to get his phone number or address.” Castiel thought back to that time and frowned. Then he saw Dean start to unbutton his shirt and snapped back to the present. “Oh! I should get you some sleeping clothes. I was about to change into mine.”
“Hey,” Dean asked the cashier in charge of the VR booths. “How much to watch the playback on the helmet from that guy who just left?”
Dean kept smiling, undisturbed. “The promise of pie later is good enough, Cas. A sandwich will be just fine. Thanks, dude.”
“Nothing, man. Eat your burger.” Sam took a bite of his own and waited for Dean to take a mouthful. “By the way, I’m booking my own room tonight.”
Dean opened his mouth to say more, but closed it in the face of Cas’s unwavering glare. He set down his own empty mug in the sink and walked out of the kitchen toward his room. Sam watched him go with a look of concern. Then he turned back to Cas, brow furrowed.
“I should fucking be over you by now,” he cry-yelled into his pillow. “This shouldn’t fucking hurt anymore!”
“Dean. I would much rather you explain the situation to me than remove your shirt when you clearly don’t want to do so.”
“You took very good care of him, considering your age, Dean,” Castiel told him quietly. “You only stole what you needed because you felt you had no other choice. I do not fault you for that.”
“The Men of Letters were perverts and deviants,” Cas spat angrily. “Either that or they had a sick sense of humor.”
He kept his eyes on the table as he talked, then sipped, not wanting to make Dean feel pushed. He had been incredibly curious about Dean's life and had only gotten a smattering of vague statements, but not even enough that he could string together a brief story.
“Dean?” Sam was giving him “Face of Brotherly Number Twenty-Seven” from his stockpile of expressions.
Then Dean’s cock was pressing against Cas’s rim. Cas rolled his hips up, craving that fullness like nothing else. They both gasped as Dean slid inside.
“Oh, that’s no problem. I’ve got an empty room you can put the mattress in and there’s plenty of space in the living room for the chair.”
The “judges” started with Ed and Harry2.0’s station. Their cake was a little lumpy, but it looked decent enough, otherwise. Dean hadn’t paid them a ton of attention, but he hadn’t heard any squabbling from them the way he had from a couple of the other stations, so he figured they’d hadn’t done too badly.
He stripped down then, trying to forget what it had been like doing the same with Cas in another world. His dick, however, refused to let go of the memory. It sprang fully to life, aching with want for something that didn’t exist. What little blood was left in his brain supplied him with more ammo for the fire: the way Cas’s lips had felt under his own; the taste of his tongue; the rasp of his stubble.
Dean couldn't stop moving. He'd gone from inert throw pillow to perpetual motion machine with one text. He'd replied with his address and hadn't stopped running around since. Why hadn't he just told Cas to fuck off? Hadn't that been the plan at the restaurant? To high tail it out and not look back? Cas had given him an out and he'd been a wreck ever since and he didn't understand himself at all. What did he actually
The rules stated if a player forfeited and refused their turn with the name they drew, the group chose for them and they had to stay a full
Sam shoved both his hands back into his hair and dropped his head to the table dramatically. “My entire family is crazy. This is literally the weirdest family on Earth.”
Far too soon they were in Jacob’s wagon, rolling down toward the gate. For the first time, however, the Campbells were not waiting at the gate when the wagon arrived. Given that their real parents had died in a car accident, both Sam and Dean were beginning to be concerned when twenty minutes had passed and they still hadn’t shown up.
Then Dean sucked in a deep breath. “You think he will? Cas that would be...  I’d really like that. Please do that. And thank you.” A noise escaped him then which was obviously a sob, but neither boy commented on it. “You’re just...  a really good guy, Cas. A good friend.”
“In my time, we could be shunned if we did not find a spouse. That is no longer the case. You could live out your days here without a wife and, if Dean lived here, you could meet in secret and have the life you no doubt dreamed of when you came to me today asking for Dean to live among us.” He shook his head. “But what happens the first time Dean falls asleep in your bed—and forgets to go home—and Rebecca decides to bring you breakfast, only to find him there?”
When he was dry and dressed again, he stepped back out into the room. Sam was nowhere to be seen. Cas was sitting on the bed, looking a little lost. Dean cleared his throat and looked away.
Before they could do more talking, Cas kissed him. He kissed him until they were both calm and then worked up again in a different way. Only then did he pull away, panting slightly with the pounding of his heart making it hard to breathe.
Dean blinked at him and then shook his head really fast, dazed. “Dude, you’re... I don’t even know if there’s a word for it.”
"Gabriel, the last thing I need is a lecture right now. I asked you over for commiseration, not condemnation." Cas sat heavily on the couch, staring at his own feet morosely. "I already feel terrible enough."
Castiel most definitely did not get the joke, but he thought it was best if he didn’t push for an answer. He suspected he might not like any answer he got. He had seen exactly two movies in his life and he was certain Dean had seen neither of them. Of the number of movies Dean had undoubtedly seen, Castiel was sure he would enjoy very few.
And that's it. The final trope in the challenge. Bless you all for coming along with me on this. I had so much fun, not just writing, but talking to all of you. This month has been amazing and I love you.
“I think you already know what to do. You probably just don’t want to because you know it’s gonna be hard to do. People are going to get hurt.”
Tonight there was leftover pie and large glasses of milk instead of hot chocolate for their late night snack. Dean laughed a little. In his former life this would barely be late evening for him, but now it was late night? He couldn’t believe he was usually in bed and asleep before 10 most days, but that was the case. Living plain had certainly changed him.
Cas took it slow, but he was far from gentle. He slid into Dean slowly but with force behind each thrust. He unerringly skimmed Dean’s prostate each time. Only skimming, though, never pushing it too hard or making it too much. Just enough to make every nerve in Dean’s groin tingle and burn and heat up like magic.
"Yeah? Next time maybe we'll try cayenne and cinnamon. It's awesome with the marshmallows or without," Dean assured Cas as he frowned in confusion. “Trust me.”
The pair of them managed to remain in high spirits until mid-afternoon. At that point they were both exhausted, disheartened and hungry. They'd skipped lunch in favor seeing another prospect, but it proved worst than the last.
It turned out that prep with an angel was a bit different than prep with a regular person. Dean could feel his hole gently stretching without the aid of a finger, which was odd, but not entirely unpleasant. Then Cas—who had gotten lube from who only knew where—was sliding three fingers into him easily. Dean thought he was just testing the stretch, but then those fingers went straight for his P-spot and Dean nearly came off the bed with the intensity.
Dean laughed. “That’s pretty handy, huh?” He scratched the back of his head. “So, do we still need to go to this party? I mean, do you really need to keep that job? Although, if I’m honest, I wouldn’t mind punching that Gavin guy in the face. Whether you have a boyfriend or not, no means no. What a fuck head.”
Cas looked at Balthazar for a long moment, then at Dean for a few beats, and finally his own lap. He nodded.
grades that I could have skipped, and it’s probably only because Dean did such a good job teaching me stuff. Anyway, my, um -“ His eyes skipped to Dean and then quickly away. “-my parents and I decided it would be better if I just stayed with kids my own age for now. Next year we’re gonna reevaluate the situation.”
Dean felt something warm in his belly. He still considered arguing, but they didn’t really have the time.
“Yeah, Lisa is great.” Dean was at a total loss for words now. All he wanted to know was why Cas was in town and how long he was back for and any other details about Cas’s life that a father might possess. Instead, he said nothing.
He decided to drain the soiled water and wash his hair in the sink basin. It would give him extra time away from Dean. He was horribly embarrassed about having thought of him while engaging in such an act. His cheeks burned as he lathered his hair. Then a sudden thought occurred to him as he was rinsing the shampoo—Dean’s again—down the drain. Dean would have been thinking about something, too.
Jacob surprised Cas again by patting him on the knee. “You are a wiser boy than I was, Castiel. Much wiser. I wish you all the happiness you deserve.”
“Yeah. Just thinking about stuff. Excited about Sam coming. A little worried about you,” he admitted, finally turned to look at Cas.
Cas agreed with that assessment, which was one of the reasons he wanted to say yes to Dean so much. “Thank you, Jacob. You have been very helpful.”
“It’s all right. I appreciate breakfast I don’t have to stand in line or beg for or cook myself. Egg preference is hardly important when compared to such things.”
He watched his seed floating in the water absently as he slid down in a boneless heap. He felt the water lapping at his ears distantly and he panted and made waves. When he finally came back to himself, shame threatened to overtake him, but he reminded himself that this was rumspringa. He was meant to try these things now, so that he could deny himself later. He felt a pang of loss at the idea.
“It was meant to reveal Dean’s feelings toward me and, if they were not similar to my own, to make mine for him go away.” He growled in frustration. “It did neither. Instead, I slept and had bizarre, nonsensical, highly sexual dreams.”
Then Dean’s lips were touching his again and most other thoughts disappeared, aside from the desire for more and the recognition of the pleasure. Dean’s lips were soft and supple, moving over his with clear skill, and yet a certain shyness Cas hadn’t previously noticed in their kisses. When Dean’s tongue cautiously began to slip into Cas’s mouth, Cas readily accepted it and stroked it with his own greedily.
“Oh. Cas, I’m sorry.” Sam smiled sadly. “Guess when you’re an angel no one gives you the ‘don’t fall for a straight guy’ talk, huh?”
“Cool. I can do all that. It kinda sucks that the one thing I’m good at is cars and you guys don’t really have those,” Dean said with a laugh.
“Oh, sweetheart. We’re just getting started.” Dean chuckled at Cas’s frustrated groan. “Now, come on, Cas. You’re above begging, aren’t you? In fact,” he said, trailing a hand lightly up Cas’s cock. “I don’t want to hear you beg anymore from here on out. You’re better than that. If it’s too much, use your safeword. Otherwise, you take what I give you until I think you’ve had enough, all right?”
All these thoughts were running in the background as Dean stroked his erection and his forebrain overloaded with pleasure. Before he was ready, he felt his orgasm building. His breath picked up and he felt his whole body tense and then—
This time when they stood in line, Castiel remembered what Dean had told him about the girls in the village. He noticed their attentions this time and it made him uncomfortable. He managed not to be curt with them, but it was difficult. When Dean noticed his discomfort, he reached over and squeezed Castiel's shoulder lightly.
After having that thought, he made Cas wait while he tasted it. He didn’t want Cas to taste it if it wasn’t good. He forked up a bite and slid it into his mouth, prepared for the worst. Then relief and pleasure washed through him as he realized that the pie was not only acceptable, it was actually really, really good.
There was a horrible popping sound, a little bit of feedback, an ominous hiss and then utter silence.
“I’m afraid I’ve never seen that movie. I think bisexual counts as at least an acquaintance,” Cas said with a smirk.
“Uh, yeah, I guess so.” He tried for a small laugh that he hoped didn’t sound as terrified as he felt. “That’s what they do in the movies, right?”
"I overheard you and Sammy talking. So I know everything. Well, I know the basics, anyway. And I went down to talk to Mom about it and realized I thought I should be mad about the lying, but honestly I'm not. It's actually freakin' awesome that you'd do something like that for us. You shouldn't have lied about it, but I know you thought you were protecting me from myself 'cause I am pretty stubborn about accepting help." He leaned close with a smirk. "Almost as stubborn as you with a stack of library books, insisting you were gonna walk four miles home." He winked and leaned back. "The truth is, though, all you'd have had to say was, 'Think about Sam and your mom' and I'd have been onboard. So next time you think up a crazy scheme, you better talk to me. Capisce?"
Once in the water, however, the image of Dean lying just where he was rose once again behind his closed lids. He ignored his reaction as best he could. He picked up the bottle labeled “body wash” and used a small amount to lather himself. He hoped Dean would not mind. If he did, Castiel would buy him some more on his next trip to town.
The guy had his jeans tucked into his boots, for fuck’s sake. Real cowboys wore their jeans over their boots so they didn’t get shit in their boots—literally and figuratively.
The judge was silent for a moment, as if waiting for Dean to respond, so Dean just shrugged, helplessly and shook his head. This was all new territory. Rufus Turner was a wild card and Dean wasn’t sure yet if he was the good kind or the kind that made you take extra cards and lose your turn. The shrug seemed to satisfy the judge and he nodded.
When Dean did not speak, a sudden thought came to Bal and he sprang back to his feet, reaching for his weapon.
. He was a little scared. He hated juvie, but at least he knew it. It was familiar. This place was strange in so many ways.
“I believe your address is only about an hour or two from where I am living. I am sure that Dean will be willing to drive me or, if not, perhaps I can take a bus.” He chewed his lip, trying to remember how far away exactly Dean had said the town was.
A little while later, Dean came over with a free muffin “For letting us have our moment,” and Chuck accepted it graciously. When he walked out, he dropped a twenty in the tip jar and gave them a jaunty wave. Once outside, he moved to a discreet vantage point so he could watch them read the message he’d written on it. When Dean read the words, apparently out loud, both boys started to laugh.
, so... yeah. I think I, uh, you know, lo-love you.” If his voice was a little muffled and rushed together on the last two words, Cas didn’t seem to mind.
For his cheek, Dean had earned himself fifteen minutes of nonstop prostate stimulation which left him hoarse from screaming. As Cas combed his fingers through Dean’s sweaty hair during after care, he noticed Dean didn’t seem to mind.
When he looked up again and finished his story, his eyes were haunted. When he was done speaking, Balthazar clapped his hands and stood up.
“Can you bring your friend here before you take them home? I wouldn’t ask, but the new refrigerator is here and there’s a storm coming.” Her voice was almost frantic now.
Thursday night when they all sat down to watch tv, Sam pointed out, “Y’all really need a coffee table.”
Castiel was shocked, but Mam just drew her other hand to her mouth and giggled before withdrawing the hand from Dean’s grasp. “Well, Dean, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. While I appreciate your chivalrous gesture, there are others around here who might not take so kindly to such affections,” she said it with a warm smile, to let him know it was not an admonishment.
Cass nodded, eyes bright with unshed tears. Deanna reached over and pulled her into a hug, inhaling the soft, sweet scent of her hair.
Dean considered being angry with Bobby for keeping this from them. He thought of all the times he’d stolen food when he had money he didn’t know about, but deep down, he knew that wasn’t Bobby’s fault. It started before Bobby even knew about the money – and Dean had taken Sam and run before Bobby had a chance to tell them anything. Bobby had done the best thing for everyone.
“Cas, what—” He stopped talking as his mouth caught up with his eyes. “Holy shit, Cas, I can see your wings, man!” His voice was reverent with awe. “I thought... I thought they lived on another plane of existence or whatever.”
“The dream where we had the best sex of my life and you told me you love me? That dream?” Dean asked, getting off the bed and walking toward Cas as he did so.
paying me attention.” Dean ran a hand through his hair, huffing out a long breath. “And then the drinks started coming and I just... I let her. And I just kept letting her until we were in a cab together.”
Dean made a face and mocking sounds as he snatched up a shirt. "Cas, I think we gotta find a new butler. I don't think Sammy here is up to the job. I bet we could train a dog to open the door, or something."
He was relieved when Cas broke out of their little staring contest to take a bath. Dean was afraid he might blurt out the words that were beating a drum against the front of his brain. He’d never said those words to anyone except family and even then only his mother and his brother. Not his dad and not Bobby. They were scary words. Words he wasn’t sure he should say.
Dean had barely finished knocking when the door swung open as if Cas had snatched it in a hurry. He looked as terrified and excited as Dean felt himself, and it made Dean relax, ever so slightly.
Dean felt his skin go slightly pink. “They were a prank gift from mom on my last birthday. She even hung them up there.”
"I—oh. I was going to ask you out anyway," Cas said, a smile creeping into his voice. "So I suppose that's agreeable."
He smoothed a hand down Cas’s torso, from neck to hip. He briefly considered teasing Cas with a lot of nipple play, but he was dying to get the taste of Cas on his tongue. Besides which, Cas had told Dean to test his limits, and Dean thought that required more direct forms of stimulation.
A few minutes later they were all seated in front of plates full of salad and spinach alfredo pizza. As soon as Cas took his first bite, the whole table knew from his unseemly moan that he liked it as much as they all did.
“Yeah, I mean, it landed me in an elevator with you so, I think that means I won,” Dean said, smiling.
When the program ended, Cas turned off the television. He drew his knee up to his chest and felt wave after wave of anxiety and nausea roll over him. He had thought he could handle not living plain in order to be with Dean, but giving up all contact with his Amish family? His guardians weren’t his parents, but they were the only family he had. Jacob Davidson was like an uncle to him.
Dean didn’t try to take things further between them until sometime near the end of their first month in the apartment. They’d been kissing more ardently than usual and for a bit longer. Dean’s hands slipped down so that his thumbs aligned over Castiel’s nipples over his shirt and he began making small circles over the fabric.
“Actually, one of the things I needed to ask was if I could stay a few more days. They have to clean the vacant apartment.”
Cas hurriedly clutched the bag to himself. “It’s personal. I’d rather not share it with you, Dean. I’m sorry.”
Usually that was enough to soothe the ache and make him back off. Cas was dealing with so much else right now. Losing his connection to his brothers, walking away from Heaven, becoming human for good—any of those things alone was enough burden for one person. All of them together, well, Dean wasn’t sure how Cas was still standing upright sometimes and not collapsed in the corner crying. Dean was pretty sure that’s where he’d have been.
Castiel couldn’t believe it was already the night before his time with Dean in the city was to begin. He was overwhelmed by all the emotions he was feeling. As the day wore on, he became increasingly aware of how much he had changed over the past three months. He had been so frightened of rumspringa, and of having to live in the city and make decisions.
“Hey, sugarbutt, you ready to head back to our room? I was hoping we could get in some of that naked cuddling and intimacy Ava was talking about.” Dean’s voice was benign, but he was glaring daggers at Rob as he said it.
“Pfft, dude, let’s go back in.” Dean wrapped an arm around him and pulled him toward the house, kissing him on the cheek as they went.
So, in case you missed it, I added, for the first time ever, a check mark in the f/f box. I have now written my first ever femslash. I'm pretty darned excited about it, if I'm honest.
“You need to come back, is what I’m saying. My brother... you’re it for him, man. Like I know he’s it for you. And he can’t... I mean, he
“Aw, shit. Dammit, man, that’s almost as bad as witches.” Dean sighed heavily and reached for a cassette in the glove box. “All right, I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
It had been easier than he’d thought to adjust to sleeping in separate rooms, but mostly because they both left their doors open and had their beds so that they could see each other across the hall. However, it was only a couple of weeks into their arrangement – a few days after kissing had escalated to more – when Dean suggested that Cas sleep with him in his bed.
Cas kept right on fucking him as he shook and jerked and splattered them both. Blue eyes bored into him as he lay there, panting. Then Cas came too, thrusting so hard into Dean that he shoved him backwards a few inches, as if he needed more than all his dick to be inside Dean at the moment of bliss. Dean reached down and put his hand just above Cas’s pubic hair, wanting to feel the twitching muscles.
He pointed out a few more places and they talked a little about the spots he’d mentioned, but then it got quiet again. Not long after silence fell once more, though, Dean slid his notebook over to Cas, with a message written on it.
Cas took one more small bite and pushed away from the table. They grabbed their dishes and took them to a table near the back of the serving area. Cas showed him where to scrape out the food and where to put the other dishes. Then he led him around to the door to the kitchens and located the cook again.
“Sure we can! No reason for you to freak out over this. Let’s practice.” He smiled and stepped closer again, this time reaching for Cas’s hand. “I mean, it’s not that different from what we’ve already been doing, but since you’re mostly new to this stuff, it makes sense you’d be skittish. We’ll start simple, okay?”
Dean enjoyed the look of comic terror on Cas’s face when he got swept into a hug as well, possibly a little too much. He didn’t care. It was funny as hell. Plus it meant Mom liked Cas, and there was nothing he didn’t like about that. He liked Cas too.
“Well, gentlemen, this has been fascinating, but I believe I’m going to retire for the night. I’m quite exhausted.”
Then they stepped back together and Dean was pretty sure he’d led a better life than he’d ever realized. Because he had died and this had to be heaven. Nothing on Earth had ever felt this good, so there was no other explanation. By unspoken agreement, they made their way back to the bed, Dean lying on his back, with Cas above him.
"Oh. Believe me, Steve. He does it for me. Like you wouldn't believe. For me. To me. With me." Dean's voice got soft and sweet. "He's amazing. I don't know what I'd do without him."
find something worthwhile in it, but not even the lesser among them, he thought, deserved the vapid idiocy this book provided.
“I think... if I tell him about the apartment, and make sure that I come over to see him a lot... I think he’ll be okay with it. He’s the only reason I even considered it, instead of turning her down right away.” He wiped a hand down his face. “I think I’m gonna take a bath and go to bed. Thanks for, you know, everything.”
Dean’s eyes welled with tears at the declaration. “I need some time with this, Cas. I didn’t let myself want it because I thought it was impossible. Hard for me to switch my brain over now, you know?”
“It’s okay, Cass. I don’t care what parts you used to have or even particularly which ones you have now.” Then Deanna pointed at her. “Unless you got tentacles down there. I am
He rubbed his hand over Cas’s chest and stomach to try and get the blood flowing. His skin was so icy that Dean didn’t even have to ignore any arousal—he was too steeped in fear. What if he never got to tell Cas how he felt?
Dean knew he’d done it deliberately. The other two chairs were much closer together. Cas subtly moved his chair away from Dean’s as he took a seat, and Dean was simultaneously relieved and disappointed – which seemed to be his natural state lately where Cas was concerned.
“I can’t have my future hubby risking his pride and joy in this downpour,” Cas said with a teasing smile.
He teased Bobby about the spread, which got affectionate grumbling as a response, but Dean couldn’t keep the smile off his face. Everyone at this table was family and it made Dean happy to be here. He felt tears prickle his eyes, but he stole things from Sam’s plate to distract himself—and his little brother’s hilarious indignation was enough to do just that.
She threw Dean an apologetic look that didn’t help him a single bit. His heart still thundered in his chest like a wild thing. Before he knew it, Anna was taking the first turn and putting her hand on the bottle.
He grabbed Cas’s wrist and all but dragged him from the room. It didn’t occur to him that Cas, still being an angel, could only have been dragged if he let himself be—at least not until they were already standing in the hallway. Cas had a smug expression on his face that Dean didn’t understand.
Dean took a deep shuddering breath, nodding. “Yeah. I love Bobby, but when he sent us away…it really hurt. I didn’t get it at the time. I do now. If nothing else, juvie has given me plenty of time for deep thinking and I’ve realized he was trying to do the best he could for us.” He forked up another bite of pie, but he didn’t eat it. “He would have kept us, like I said, but I wasn’t hearing anything he was saying.”
“Mm. Well, thanks, I guess. Not that I’m opposed to grinding on dudes’s laps, but honestly, he’s not really my type, anyway.”
“I have always done carpentry throughout the day, since I was old enough to wield a hammer, Dean. I would enjoy making a table for us. How large would you like it to be?” Cas pulled out a small notebook and took down the measurements Dean gave him.
"That's fantastic, man!" Sam told him, patting him on the back while he hugged Gabriel. "I'll go to church with you whenever you want."
The instant Dean’s fingers latched onto the last pie on the display case, a second set of fingers grabbed the other side.
, Cas.” He grabbed his head as pain spiked through his temple. “Gah, I need to take something for this.”
The day started with Dean being unable to locate a single clean white T-shirt or decent pair of underwear—despite knowing full well he had just done laundry the day before. He’d made do with a so-called “wife-beater” tank—which was a Godawful name, no matter that he understood the origins—and the sole pair of underwear he could find, but he wasn’t pleased. Evidently Sam had decided the prank war Dean thought ended two weeks ago was still in full swing.
After a while, he heard voices in the hallway. It was a giggling girl and a much lower voice that Castiel did not want to believe was Dean’s. He told himself it couldn’t be. Surely Dean wouldn’t be so cruel. Bad enough for him to lay with another, but
“Don’t move, please,” he asked, risking another glance as his hot companion. “I’m Dean, by the way,” he said in a low voice as he turned his gaze back to his work.
Because of the non-gendered words Cas chose, Dean decided to bite, after all. Hot unattached guy who had checked him out? Yes, he could do with some of that in his life, even if flirting in the elevator for a little while was as far as it led.
The pain was too great and Dean gratefully let the anger boil it away. “Yeah, I knew. And I was willing to take whatever scraps you were willing to throw me. We didn’t have to do anything tonight, Cas. Or ever. I would’ve…” This time, Dean stopped himself, letting the anger take charge again, needing it to fill the hole where his heart had been. “Whatever, I don’t need this. I’ve been in the city for over 2 months, I coulda been out fucking whoever I wanted all this time.”
Dean’s whole face lit up, either at Castiel’s words or the sight of the pie plate. “Dude! You’re the best! Thanks, that is awesome!”
Cas gave him a curious look and picked up the coffee cup. He sipped and smiled at the buttery and bitter flavors on his tongue. Then, just at the end, a hint of spice.
It wasn’t. It was a hovel. However, Cas had decorated it well enough that it felt inviting anyway. Dean stepped toward the sitting area and turned around, expectantly.
“Hey, Sammy.” He walked over and put a hand on his brother’s shoulder, squeezing in a silent thank you. “Bobby and Charlie still around or did they go home?”
Castiel had only been King for three days when his cousin Balthazar came begging for a favor. Never one to take precautions, Bal had managed to impregnate a barmaid near his home kingdom. Out of wedlock, naturally, and on top of that, she was married to someone else. As both she and her husband were of Moorish descent and coloring, she knew her husband would immediately know of her infidelity and so paid the midwife to tell her husband the child had died and spirit the baby away to Balthazar.
Dean started to say no, but one look at Cas’s face told him to accept the offer. Once they were back outside, Cas didn’t make him wait for an explanation.
“The judge is going to be there?” Dean asked in surprise. That was definitely new information. “Why?”
Dean missed his parents’ answers, as he imagined a life without Mom, Dad or Sammy. He didn’t like to think about it. He hated to think about this other kid who’d never had a brother and now had no parents, either. There was no choice, really. Plus, he could use another friend.
Mary appeared suddenly from the stairwell and told Cas, “It’s probably a good thing you passed up marrying me then. I only wanted you for your body.”
Dean cleared his throat. “Um, I’ll try, but... is there anyway for you to, I don’t know... turn that off? The mindreading thing?”
If he’d thought their cocks rubbing against each other was heaven, he’d been wrong. It was nothing compared to Cas sinking inside him. Even before Cas’s cock reached his prostate, he felt on the verge of orgasm. His erection was harder than he could ever remember it being before. His balls drew tighter and he rocked up into Cas’s thrust, taking him deeper.
, now?" Gabriel's usually smirking face was uncharacteristically stern looking. "Cassie. Bro. Why the hell would you run out on the hot guy who gives you the feels?
Finally, Cas walked through the door, triumph written on his face. He held the lube in one hand and the condoms in the other. He tossed them onto the bed and set about stripping down to the same level of undress as Dean.
“Oh!” The word seemed to leap out of him of its own accord as the pleasure of orgasm swept over him in a rush of waves.
He walked toward the dining room where they were packing their gear and heard harsh, lowered voices as he approached. He frowned as he was able to make out Sam's words.
After that, they logged off and didn’t respond to further mental prodding, either. Dean gave up and went back to work.
Cas swatted his behind. “It’s your ass I’m more interested in.” He picked his phone up from the table where he’d set it down. “What’s your number?”
Bobby had no problem with them coming over to work on the table the next day, so they left all the wood where it was and Bobby made them dinner. It had been an exhausting evening, so when he suggested they all spend the night, no one objected. Dean wasn’t expecting to get pushed against the door again like the first night they stayed, but evidently Cas was the nostalgic sort.
Reality crashed down on his head and he shoved at Dean, harder than he meant to, and mumbled an apology he was not even sure was in English as he rushed away. He stood in the bathroom for a moment, taking deep, shuddering breaths, as he tried to regain control of himself. He knew as he stood there that he could not spend the night in the same room as Dean tonight.
“Every time he has moved since he left, he has sent me a letter with the information and instructions to give it to you whenever you went to live among the English.”
“Young man, I believe I’ve had enough of Winchester men telling me what to do in my own house, don’t you?”
Gabriel looked so pathetically grateful that Cas could have kissed Dean. Not that he hadn’t wanted to already.
“Man, Bobby is gonna love you, Cas. I can’t wait for you to meet him. I haven’t been here in ages. Ooh, I bet he ordered pizza for lunch! Oh, yeah, I hope he was able to get permission for Sam to come visit, that would be so cool.”
Dean laughed, but it sounded hollow, even to him. “Oh, I not only kept on stealing, I kicked it up a notch. I started taking cars, breaking into houses – empty ones, where the people were on vacation, but still.”
"You mighta noticed I wasn't exactly complaining," Dean said wryly. "But, yeah. I'm not normally so keen on the whole grab and kiss myself. You, uh... I guess you actually bring out the Omega in me," Dean admitted.
Dean groaned aloud, not happy at the reminder of something he did his best to forget. He’d asked Cas on what he thought was a date. He hadn’t used the word, but he’d believed his meaning was clear. They’d spent the evening talking on their shared couch, getting closer and closer by degrees until there was barely any space between their bodies and none between the pair of bent knees—one belonging to each of them—in the middle.
“Hey! You wanna see your new room?” Dean asked, walking forward to grab Castiel by the hand. “Come on, Sammy let’s show him!”
“Dean, my husband and I have been talking and Sam has told us how well you are doing here. He says you’re going to take a job with Bobby when you get out?” she asked with a searching look.
People with heart conditions may wish to consult their doctor before reading smut. Women who are nursing or pregnant should take precaution when reading smut. People reading smut at work may experience acute embarrassment and arousal, similar to that of a sub with a humiliation!kink. Others may experience extreme euphoria, inability to make eye contact with family members, inexplicable delight or arm cramps. Please smut responsibly.
The other man smiled and nodded. There was a distinct lack of curiosity that Dean found comforting. It was nice to not feel like the subject of gossip and speculation, which is what he’d half-expected to experience from the people here. He was happy to have been wrong.
He was disappointed when Cas’ hand pressed him away, but then Cas spoke and Dean’s brain went offline for a second. He was pretty sure his eyes had just gotten twice their normal size. Did Cas just say they could start kissing and touching when they moved in together?
“Gonna call the Campbells and see if I can’t get that brother of yours over here at the same time,” Bobby added. “That sound okay to you?”
Here, Dean hesitated again. “Well, actually, um…I was planning on getting an apartment with Cas until he has to come back? And then I’d stay there and Sam could visit and everything.”
Dean tried to be as polite and discreet as he could, stealing Sam away at the earliest possible moment. They stood off to the side of the backyard and Dean looked around at everyone else while he struggled to find his words. Lisa’s friends were taking turns seeing who could make Bobby blush by flirting with him—which Jody was watching with amusement. Garth had Chuck cornered and was giving an impromptu puppet show while Chuck just looked vaguely nauseated.
“I’m sorry, have you met your father, John Winchester with whom you share a few traits both positive and negative? Do you think Dean would openly hit on a man in front of you or anyone else?”
Cas ran toward the beach as fast as he could, wishing he hadn’t had to stop to pack first. He’d left his luggage with a bell boy, but with any luck, he’d be transferring it to Dean’s place soon. He hadn’t been running much since he got to the island, but it seemed he’d been keeping up with his exercise well enough. He was barely winded when he came into view of the bar.
“Dean!” Cas gasped in surprise, staring down at the mess. Then he ground himself into Dean as deeply as he could go and Dean felt Cas pulsing inside him at last.
♫"Left him lost and broken, like no other had before... His body died some years ago, but around here... love lives on."♪ - Dwight Yoakum, Mr. Johnson's Love
"Okay," Cas said, then blew out a breath. "I guess I need to start before that last day. Back then, did I ever tell you what coming out was like for me? I mean, I know I told you it hadn't gone exactly well, but I don't know if I told you specifics."
Cas smiled. "I did, Dean. He was very supportive. He made me think about things in a different way."
Castiel dropped his gaze and walked to retrieve the book he had dropped earlier. “I do not receive many of them, as a rule. However, we are taught that pride is a sin, anyway. All my gifts come from God, so--”
Dean sighed. “You really wanna argue semantics right now? ‘Cause I was under the impression that you wanted my mouth on your dick, but if you’d rather have a debate—”
Castiel swallowed hard, pinned in place by those green eyes. “I... I don’t, um....” He licked his lips, unable to keep his eyes off of Dean’s mouth. He cleared his throat and straightened. “You need to tell us what we want to know, Winchester,” Castiel said in his toughest voice.
“Huh?” Dean double checked his phone and found no text after his own last one asking Cas about getting together. He held it out to Cas. “No text. You sure you hit send?”
To his surprise, both Mam and Pap were there when the door opened. “Castiel!” Mam cried, pulling him into a hug. “It is very good to see you. Are you back to stay with us for good, then?” Something in her face told Cas she didn’t think he was.
She pulled her Impala convertible up to the curb and patted his hood before running up the walk to Cass’s door. She chewed her lip as she waited for Cass to open up. As soon as she did, Deanna nearly fell off the porch.
Using the arm he’d freed, he grabbed Cas’s left leg and hoisted it up toward Cas’s shoulder. It let him get a slightly different angle and go just a little deeper. Then he proceeded to slow fuck Cas until the latter was spewing a filthy mix of curses and Dean’s name in a high soft voice that Dean thought he’d never get enough of.
“Deana. I don’t use feminine hygiene products of this kind. I use what you call Diva’s cup. You should use it too. I will go buy.”
“Oh, yeah?” Dean asked, smile turning flirtatious now. “Well, I’m still kind of new in town. Maybe we could grab a drink sometime and you could show me around.”
“As long as the ‘rents say it’s cool, Sam, you are welcome anytime,” Dean told him, grinning. He was a little worried that this was too easy, but he was going to hope for the best, anyway.
The clueless cowboy smiled, in an attempt at flirtation. “You want a dance, you gotta wait your turn, stud.”
His timer went off and Cas drew off of Dean’s lap with a smile he was not feeling. He saluted Dean as his female friends shoved money into the straps of his g-string. Dean stared for a moment, then did the same.
“Asshole,” Cas chided, but he was chuckling as he said it. “Get the doctor and ‘s get this over with.”
As soon as they hung up, Dean shook off his shock and took a quick but extremely thorough shower. With a voice like that revving his libido all night, if Dean didn’t get laid afterward, he was going to be very disappointed. He grabbed a dark green button up—the one everyone said brought out his eyes—and threw it on over his best boxer briefs and the jeans that hugged his ass the best. He scrubbed a little gel into his hair and then went to stand by the front door like a teenager waiting for his prom date.
He honestly couldn’t tell if he was overreacting or under reacting. All he knew was he had a bathtub in the middle of his bed and no place to sleep.
Cas did need his keys, but really, what he wanted was to have a moment alone to breathe and to send his best friend a text. He quickly fumbled his phone from his pocket and fired off a message to Meg.
What he hadn’t expected was for Dean to avoid him like the plague. If Dean was so averse to him, why did he let Cas move into the apartment? It made no sense. Of course, Dean was always nice enough when they did speak, but they spoke so rarely, usually because Dean seemed to make an effort to run off as soon as Cas spent more than a minute or two in his presence.
Dean snorted, shifting to look down at Cas around his hair. “Does this mean we’re gonna try and make a go of this thing for real?”
Sensing the guy was uncomfortable, Dean told him. “Hey, if you’re not into dudes, that’s cool. I’ll still buy you a drink and you can drink it over there. A costume that good deserves a drink, though, man.”
Cas stared at Dean for a long moment, then dropped his gaze and his shoulders. “I don’t hate you, you know. I never did.” His voice was soft, but he could tell when he risked a brief glance back up that Dean had heard. “Dean, I’m—”
So now Sam and Jess were forcing him to go to a tasting for all the dishes that would be served at the wedding. The kicker, naturally, was that he and Cas would be the only ones there. He was supposed to not only apologize but “make nice with the pretty man.” Of course, he should have known that Sam and Jess would see right through him and know exactly why he was being so weird.
“Of course, Deanna!” Cass rushed to assure her in that smoky voice Deanna loved so well. “It’s just... there’s something I think I need to tell you. Can we pull over up here?”
Dean laughed. "One track mind, huh? I can respect that." He cleared his throat. "Um, I'm... wearing a suit."
Dean was slumped over in the chair, still tied as he had been when Cas’s mind had wandered into the fantasy.
"Sounds super fun," Sam said, sarcasm heavy in his voice. "So real estate is your plan? You gonna buy other places besides ours?"
Cas was nowhere near asleep when they heard another loud thunderclap, slightly further away than the last, but still very close. He jolted upright at the sound, but Jacob told him to be calm. “We’re safe in here, Castiel. Lying on the floor is the least likely place to get struck by lightning,” the older man assured him.
Instead, Castiel had met Dean and his world had changed. He now knew love and attraction and he was already living life less strictly then before. He intended to embrace English ways while he was living with Dean, at least to a degree. He was excited for the prospect.
Dean grabbed Cas's chin and tilted it up to make him look at Dean. "Cas. This was incredible. I'm gonna want to do it again as often as possible. And maybe you're right. Maybe we can't be together traditionally, but... let's be together in a way that fits us... okay?"
“For not pressing your advantage and trying to make me stay. It would make it so much harder on me if you were to do that, but you haven’t and…I want you to know how much it means to me.” He dropped his eyes and raised them again. “Because I know how much you want to ask me to stay,” he admitted.
He showed the boys to the room Sam and Dean used to share when they stayed here. The old bunk bed was the same as always. Dean let Cas have the top, even though it was usually his, because Cas said he’d never slept in bunk beds. Dean put their bags down on the floor and started to walk out to the bathroom, but Cas closed the door and grabbed his arm.
“Yeah, well, you go do your thing. Get yourself right. We’ll hold down the fort till you get back.” At this, Dean paused, concern evident on his face. “You’re coming back, right?”
a bunch of his notes. He’s gotta finish the damn thing by tonight and write an essay, so I need, like, a copy of the book, obviously, but if there’s some sort of annotated version or something that can help him out replacing the notes he made?”
“Nah, it’s cool, Cas. If you want the top bunk, it’s yours. I’m getting kinda big for it anyway. I could use the extra space.” He shrugged. “Unless you don’t want it.”
“This is very nice, boys,” Mrs. Campbell told them after the walking tour. “You said the couch folds out into a bed?”
Dean had a life. He had a house and a spouse—practically, anyway—and a kid—sorta—and the whole nine. Apple pie life, picket fences, etc, etc. He was happy. He loved Lisa. And Ben. He loved his life.
“Well met, Dean. I hope you will enjoy your stay with us,” replied the lanky man who stepped into line behind them.
?!” He glanced at the dildo still in his hand and tossed it behind him, skin flushing even darker red. “I said
Cas had quickly convinced Dean that if they were going to do it properly, they needed to wait until at least Saturday. That gave them both plenty of time to prepare, mentally and physically. Dean pointed out it also meant Cas could have at least one more orgasm with Dean before he started his ‘sex fast,’ but Cas had just rolled his eyes.
For the next few minutes, Dean was lost to sensation, as Cas worshipped Dean’s skin with his mouth and hands. He started with his face, then worked his way down Dean’s throat and over his chest, kissing, licking, biting and stroking everything in his sight. Dean didn’t know if it felt half as good for Cas as it did for him, but he hoped Cas was enjoying it at least. Cas’ lips were so warm and strong and his tongue was doing insane things to Dean’s nerves.
Cas pulled him close for a kiss, smiling the whole time. The kiss was starting to lead somewhere good when Cas pulled back, grinning.
The year Dean turned ten, his mom and dad called a family meeting on what seemed like just a random Wednesday, just after school had let out for the year.
“Hey, I love making out. Haven’t gotten to do it much lately. And for an angel, you’re not half bad at it.” He added a wink for good measure. If he hadn’t known better, he’d have sworn Cas’s skin had grown pink.
“Dean, you did what you thought was best. You made a difficult choice and no one could fault you for it except an idiotic system that would rather put you in harm’s way with strangers than leave you caring for each other on your own.” Cas’ voice remained quiet, but it was vehement. He was angry and not at Dean.
“God, your skin is like a drug,” Dean murmured as he kissed his way down Cas’s neck and across Cas’s shoulder. “You’re like one of those frogs people lick to get high.”
“I see,” the judge said, pursing his lips. The bailiff handed him the papers and he tapped them on the desk. “Dean, I was already decided on what to do about you. I think that’s pretty obvious. This letter, however, shows me that you have turned a corner in your life, son. I am releasing you into the care of Bobby Singer. When you reach your 18
Cas stepped close and pulled Dean into his arms, almost close enough to kiss. “No, Dean, I’m begging you to move in with me. I’ve missed you every day for two years. Come home. Please.”
Cas ended up eating nearly every crumb, despite his protests of too much. Thankfully, both of them were still hungry for the chicken whose glorious aroma was filling the kitchen. Cas insisted on carving it, since Dean had cooked and sliced up the pie. The meal was delicious as well, Dean thought, and he was happy to know his cooking skills were so improved.
“Hey, for what it’s worth, I’m real freakin’ glad I’m not gonna be alone tonight,” Dean broke in. He rubbed a self-conscious hand against the back of his neck. “I don’t do so good on my own in strange places.”
cock. Dean was pretty sure he’d stopped breathing and was actually in some hallucinatory state or possibly dead.
Cas slipped his arms around and pulled Dean to him again, not for a kiss, but into a tight hug. “I’m very happy, Dean,” he whispered into Dean’s hair. “Happier than I’ve ever been. Thank you,” he said softly, kissing Dean on the side of his head before pulling back and letting go.
“Taste it, Cas,” he urged, nibbling at a wedge of Mam’s cheddar. The combination was delicious. “And eat a bite of cheese with it.”
. Dean had pretty large shoulders, but Cas’ hands easily covered them. One wrapped around the back of his head and held him in place, but the other began to roam free over as much of Dean as it could reach. Since neither of them was wearing much in the way of clothing, this was escalating more quickly than Dean was used to, but he had no plans to call a halt. There was no part of him that was not 100% on board with what was happening.
Dean belly laughed, eyes lighting up in surprise. “Cas!” he exclaimed when he had his breath back. “Isn’t it, like, against the rules for you to talk like that? Where’d you even learn that phrase?”
Cas didn’t look smug, as Dean might have expected. Instead, he just looked really pleased and maybe a little bit surprised, like he hadn’t actually thought he could impress Dean. Dean shrugged it off and finished the burger while Cas went to get the final course. Sam and Jess weren’t doing the whole traditional cake thing, so the last course was going to be some kind of dessert.
Dean Winchester was standing next to his dad at their usual lookout over the city. It was a good vantage point and they could see—since they both had supervision—a lot of dark alleys from there. From the corner of his eye, Dean saw a man about to get mugged. However, before he could tell his father, he realized the guy getting mugged was actually defending himself rather spectacularly.
He started reading and was so engrossed in the text that he didn’t hear Dean get out of the tub or walk down the hall. He jumped when Dean spoke to him from the doorway, though from being startled rather than from embarrassment.
Dean went into the bedroom to see what he wanted, then saw that the box of toys had not only already been signed for, but Cas had it on the bed and opened to display all the items inside.
It occurred to him sometime between entering the store and standing in front of the coasters that he’d made a table he couldn’t keep, for a home he couldn’t stay in. Then he realized that they were picking out coasters that he would only get to use temporarily. He hadn’t even known what coasters were until that very day and soon he’d be without them again.
Cas kissed Dean and then gently helped him get off of his lap. He grabbed wet wipes from a drawer, handing one to Dean and taking another for himself. They got cleaned up and dressed in silence. Dean was starting to feel vulnerable and awkward by the time he buttoned his last button. That was the best sex, ever, and he was afraid he wouldn’t get to have it again—or the job had been a lie.
Cas just stood there, unmoving as Dean spoke and then went back into the house as soon as he stopped, with a mumbled, “‘s fine, Dean,” that was an obvious lie.
When Mary called Ellen, however, they decided it would be best if Ellen brought him over instead. Dean helped his parents rearrange some furniture and get the extra bed set up—both Dean and Sam had insisted it should go in their room with the bunk beds, so the new kid wouldn’t have to sleep alone in a strange place—while Sammy watched television in the living room. They were just finishing up when the door bell rang.
“‘The hots’?” Cas asked with some amount of distaste. “Is that a way of saying they are interested in courting with me?”
Before that new status quo could take effect, though, Dean had to find a new place to live. He was scrolling want ads on his phone while he absently spooned cereal into his mouth. He was about to click on a listing when his phone chimed a new message.
Dean grinned. “Dude, you talk like a grownup. Hey, you wanna go out back and play on the swing set?”
“Dean,” Sam said, keeping his own voice quiet and even, which should have been a tip-off that he was preparing to deliver bad news. “Do you think maybe he meant to send it to Daphne and just hit the wrong D on his contacts list?”
The green eyes studied him for a moment, no doubt seeking truth—and then softened as Dean relaxed. “Thanks, Cas.”
Dean waited for a full minute before he finally shoved it in his pocket and went back upstairs to his room. He’d distracted himself by trying to decide what to do when he got there, but when he got there and realized Cas still hadn’t gotten back to him, he was a little surprised. Since Cas rarely had anything he
Dean laughed at the tears in his eyes. He could laugh at them, now that he had Cas for real. This wasn’t one of his daydreams. Cas was really here.
Dean was already more than sick of the royal we and he wanted to punch Mortie in the nose. Cas, on the other hand, seemed fascinated. Dean scoffed. Dude was an angel. Shouldn’t he know better than this horseshit?
Whatever Cas heard in that word, it spurred him on. He increased his speed far beyond that of a normal human, Dean thought and started putting slightly more pressure on Dean’s P-spot. Dean felt his balls drawing tight, his skin pulling hot and taut, his pleasure concentrating.
Cas frowned, but said nothing as he pulled on his socks. When he was completely dressed, he turned toward Dean. The earnest look on his face gave him away before he even started speaking.
He approached the table from the back and spotted the hat right away. It was too dark to see much else, as it was the beginning of a new dance show, but the guy had the hat tilted low on his face. He whipped out his fake pad and pencil and prepared to do his Clark Kent pre-dance spiel.
When he returned with lunch, Dean was surprised that Gabriel wanted to get together so quickly, but was more than willing to drive Cas there. “It’s only about 45 minutes from here, I think. I can take you over there and then go to a store or something.”
Weak excuse or not, Dean nodded. Cas smiled in a way that made Dean feel a little scared of what was about to happen. That smile was not innocent and friendly. Dean might be in trouble.
Cas shook his head. “Not everyone. Plenty of people make their own suppers in their own houses, most nights. However, we find it increases our sense of community if we try to eat together at least a few times per week.”
“I’m not sure. They seem to be ingredients for spells, but they might also be pre-mixed spell agents.” He lifted the stopper off a bottle of sparkly yellow... stuff. “I might still be able to tell by scent alone. I have retained some of my angel skills. Perhaps that’s one of them.”
His smile said he wanted Cas to remember his name and Dean decided then and there that “D” was a jealous son of a bitch who was not averse to metaphorically pissing around his territory.
Cas didn't know what to say. He'd never seen Gabriel as somber in their lives as he had appeared in the past ten minutes. He'd never heard of this woman before. He truly couldn't remember a time when Gabriel cared about being an Alpha.
He continued calling out to Cas as he walked, hoping he’d reach a spot where Cas could hear him and answer back. The longer he walked without hearing Cas’s voice, the more scared he became. He knew running was a stupid idea, but his instinct told him to anyway. To rush, to get to Cas as fast as possible. Hypothermia from getting hot enough to sweat was a real risk, however. He could walk fast, but running was just not in the cards.
Pulling back only enough so that their lips were no longer touching, Cas murmured, “I will find you very soon, Dean. You have my word.” He pecked Dean’s lips again and then he was gone for a second time.
“How about if you use that mouth for better things, like getting me hard again so I can boink you into the mattress?” Cas could have been reading an article on tape worms and in that growling voice and tone, it still would have been sexy, so a silly word was hardly any roadblock at all.
“Yeah?” He walked across the kitchen and peered in the door. “What’s up? I leave money in my jeans again?”
Dean pursed his lips. “Yeah, all right. I mean, when you healed me, that was great, but you took off after that and fucking left me there, man.” He sighed and stared into the distance. Finally, he nodded. “All right. You wanna leave right now?”
The logical part of his brain was calling his anxiety brain a dumbass, but Dean’s mood had sunk, anyway. He shut off the TV and made his way back downstairs, hoping a snack would cheer him up—or at least take his mind off his stupid self-doubts and worry for ten seconds. He was midway through making a seven layer sandwich when the doorbell rang. He knew no one else was downstairs, so he made his way to the living room.
“Double whiskey neat... with your cherry. Yes, please.” Cas said it mostly to see if he could make Dean blush again. He didn’t blush, but he did stumble slightly.
Chuck smiled softly and clapped Dean on the shoulder. He gave Lisa a little wave before heading back toward where he’d been standing before. Becky was nowhere to be seen. Dean couldn’t help but wonder if Chuck was disappointed or relieved.
Dr. Barnes sighed. “What I am telling you is that, unless you have Power of Attorney, this order supersedes your status as his spouse. I’m sorry. He should never have been put on life support in the first place. We only learned about it because his attorney notified us to—”
He wanted more than this, but he was afraid. Before Dean could walk away when they stood up, Cas grabbed his hand.
She beamed at him. “God guides my hands and the food is blessed with it. I am glad you enjoyed it, young man. God bless,” she said, patting his shoulder as she passed on to the next set of people. Cas nodded at her in greeting.
Pamela sighed and drug a chair up to the table. “All right boys, listen up. The white drink was a romantic truth serum. Blue eyes here was supposed to drink that so he’d have the balls to confess his love. The green one is a love potion. Number seven, as it happens. It’s a little dodgy where consent is concerned, but I figured green eyes might get his head out of his ass and realize what a catch you were if he got a little push.”
Cas snorted. "Well, in the interest of saving your life, then," he said, then got himself into position and slowly, slowly slipped inside.
"Partly, yes. I'm on a short visit right now, but I'll be back permanently later. I wasn't going to come looking for you, for the reasons I mentioned. But then—"
“Hey, language, kiddo,” Dean corrected automatically, even though he appreciated the sentiment more than he could admit. “Thanks, though.”
“Angels, huh? Wow.” She sounded awed at first, but then she continued. “Hey, next time you two see your new pals, can you find out if they have sisters?” At Dean’s incredulous look, she replied, “What? I could use a hot angel too, you know!”
He was less sad than he had been about not sleeping there tonight, he realized. He was actually somewhat excited to be sharing the dormitory room with Dean. It occurred to him for the first time in a long time that he was actually lonely and having Dean around was already relieving that feeling.
“We’re a pair, aren’t we?” Cas asked. “I’ve been relationship-free for years because of some asshole, and you’ve been in a series of relationships that all went south before they ever really got going because... well, I don’t know why. You’re a great guy. People are idiots.”
Bobby chuckled. “Because Rufus Turner has been one of my best friends for half my life, idjit. Who do you think called him and had him get himself on your case?” He cleared his throat. “But I asked you a question.”
Cas smiled a little. “Of course, Sam. I would enjoy the company. Bobby, you said there were nails and hammers I could use?”
on Cas’s face? It looked like hope. Dean didn’t trust his voice—or his interpretation of Castiel’s expression—so instead of speaking, he just nodded.
It was everything. The feel of Cas’s heat and pressure around him was almost too much. If he hadn’t squeezed the base of his dick at the right moment, he might have had his own premature ejaculation issue. As it was, he nearly screamed with how intense the pleasure was. Then he made a realization.
He closed his eyes and whined, then ground his hips forward again, evidently feeling another wave of...
Cas kissed him in answer. Dean lost himself in the slide of Cas’ tongue against his. It really was an amazing feeling. Dean grabbed hold of Cas’ face with both hands and tried to communicate with the kiss just how much he was enjoying all of this. How glad he was it was all with Cas. He knew it probably wasn’t getting through, but he figured that was okay.
Dean had to laugh at how proud of himself Bobby looked. “Sneaky old bastard,” he said affectionately.
Dean thought about how damned good he’d felt up until the last moment. Then he thought about the width of the cock between Cas’s legs.
As Dean poured his drink, Cas let his gaze rove over the bartender’s well-built form. The man really was unreasonably sexy. Unfortunately, Cas failed to realize that Dean had looked into the mirror and caught him checking him out.
“Me, Sam. He just needs me. You stay here, hold down the fort. Don’t take any cases, just in case things go south, but I don’t think they will. Cool?” He said it all in a rush, hoping he’d avoid any further questions from his brother.
At Dean’s worried look, Cas softened. “Of course. Still, you’re right. It was my idea and I might make myself wait, anyway.”
Within seconds, Dean could feel his orgasm sweeping through him. His hips jerked and stuttered, thrusting him into Cas’s fist without rhythm. He might have felt embarrassed by how quickly he’d come, except for how pleased by it Cas obviously was. There was no room for embarrassment, in the face of so much adoration.
“Thanks, Mr. Shurley. It’s nice to meet you, too.” Dean turned back to Mam then and asked, “Ma’am? Where did you want this milk?”
"The thing is," Dean repeated after a beat. "I've been trying to figure out a way to do something. Ask him something. So that it was just right. Just perfect. And I think he might have given me the best idea, by making me call you."
“i’m moving and i know this is a long-shot but want my dog?? you’re the only other person it ever liked and i hate you but i love it” au
“All right,” the green-eyed man says, thrown a bit. Cas doesn’t even need his abilities to see that. “Um, we’re here to see if you can help us with some recent deaths.”
“My sister’s nightgown was on fire and we had to get out. I clutched her to me to carry her out and I got burned.” He gestured at his arms. “They did grafts on my arms, but by the time they were done, I didn’t want to go through any more for my chest.” He smiled vaguely, obviously back in the past. “It put her out, so her burns weren’t even as severe as mine. She only had to have a few minor procedures.”
Castiel couldn’t keep up his strokes for long after he came. He quickly became too sensitive. Instead, once he was finished, he moved Dean’s legs, spreading them, and then bent his head down to engulf Dean’s erection with his mouth.
Castiel knocked on the back door to alert Mam to his presence. She might be ready for the milk to be poured into a vat already, in which case they would wheel the barrel over to the cheese shed. She smiled when she opened the door and made sure to smile at Dean also.
Dean was pretty much happier than he had ever been in his entire life. It hit him one day when he was working on a car at Bobby’s. He was happy. Right now, everything in his life was pretty much great. He had a good job that he liked, an apartment he shared with Cas – who he loved – and he got to see Sammy just about as much as he wanted to. He wasn’t hurting for money and he wasn’t worrying about whether he was gonna get busted for stealing his next meal.
“Oh, um, well, we talked about how much I like being naked.” Dean laughed. “I also like recording myself, I guess? And one day I was looking at some porn site and I noticed a link at the bottom, asking for submissions. They paid ten bucks, or something.” He shrugged and finally ate the ketchup soaked fry. “So, I sent one in, mostly just for the thrill of knowing people might see it but never know it was me, you know?”
Mam Shurley was outside when they arrived and Castiel introduced her to Sam. She reiterated her invitation to dinner and both Sam and Dean confirmed that they would love to break bread with her and Pap. She showed them where to put the milk and then they took the cart back to the milking shed and Castiel put the cows out to graze for the day.
Once inside the room with the door firmly closed—though not locked because his room, infuriatingly, did not have such a device—Dean felt nerves claw their way up his back and throat. Before the panic could take hold of him, though, Cas did and instantly, all his muscles went lax. He swam in that blue gaze for a moment before those strong, pale lips were closing over his own.
