"Yes, especially the boots," Steve said softly. "I wish you'd try and get some sleep. You look tired."
"So he's just using the Chitauri as his own personal shields," Tony muttered, wrinkling his nose in disgust. He supposed he shouldn't be too surprised. Thanos had essentially used Loki as his own personal errand boy during the Battle of New York, giving him the guise of commanding the Chitauri army as a way to both stoke Loki's bruised ego and ensure his compliance.
"Well, I don't think being curious is a crime, Captain Rogers," Anthony said, and Steve could've sworn that he saw a hint of a smirk playing on Anthony's full lips. "But since we're still quite a ways away from dealing with anything out in space, I'm afraid not. This information only covers normal flight operations and is designed as an addendum to the flight materials that you've already received."
Dad let out another sigh, punctuated by a muffled, “C’mon, Tony!” from Obadiah Stane, who must’ve just wandered uninvited into Dad’s office.  Again.
"I know," Steve answered. He rubbed at his aching jaw with his free hand, surprised that he still had all of his teeth for how tightly it was clenched. "But I'm not sure that'll matter all that much if he's able to convince all of the others to go along with him."
"He has had it pretty easy this year," Tony added. "Usually he's out three or four times a winter with some respiratory crud or another. Maybe puberty's actually agreeing with him. It seemed to cure his eyesight, so why not his lungs too?"
“That’s… not why I’m here, Mr Stane,” he stated, in the same voice Tony had heard him use with his subordinates hundreds of times.  “But since you’ve asked, allow me to introduce my compatriots here.  First we have—”
"It's no problem, kiddo." She glanced down at her desk, signing a piece of paper. "You guys all doing okay up there on the upper floors?"
" Tony whimpered, his blunt fingernails digging into Steve's shoulders as he started to move, starting with just gentle rocks of his hips. "
"That's 'cause we're all gonna be landing in Wakanda together," said Tony. "Those of us who made it off Titan after the snap won't be starting out there again. That'll be part of what's different this go-round."
and after growing up in a country that hadn't seen peace in over seventy years, Tony found that he was now craving it with every single cell of his body.
SHIELD's mobile offices were only about a hundred or so metres away, set up inside a series of high-security trailers, the outside of which was being guarded by two tall, bald women wearing dark red armour and carrying long, pointed spears. Steve was still about five metres away when the two women snapped to attention, crossing their spears in front of the main trailer's entrance.
Smiling, Steve dipped his head to kiss him again, whispering a soft, "Thank you" against his lips. "Goodnight, Tony."
"Take it out, Wanda!" Natasha cried as Wanda landed directly in front of the churning gears, pushing the red light underneath them. A heartbeat later the gears lifted off the ground, separating in the air before each of them slammed back down directly on top of a herd of war dogs.
"Oh. Well, I hope it is soon, my Death Star set should be shipping in the next couple of days. We still gonna ask your Auntie Nat if she wants to help us build it?"
With that, Steve paused again, his back ramrod straight as Tony studied Obie’s face, which was now about as grey as the ashes still dropping from the burning end of his cigar.
"No, that's not what I meant," Grandma whispered. "A strong heart means that you’ll never quit. That you'll stay with it until the end of the line." She smiled down at him. "Before the serum Steven was never physically strong, but he more than made up for it with his heart. And I can see that very same strength in you."
“Hey, hot stuff, there’s no need to be thinking like that,” Tony said soothingly.  “Aren’t you the one who’s always saying it’s never good to dwell on the ‘what ifs’?”
Bruce frowned as he tapped the keyboard, displaying a file written in Russian that JARVIS quickly translated. "This is the initial list of names that we found at the Mongolian bunker. The first name is Donald Gill, the second Morris Bench, the third Mark Raxton—"
let it happen, which meant that he had to be ready. No matter what, when whatever the hell it was that was coming came, Tony had to be ready to protect them.
"No, I know it's not," he whispered. He leaned forward, pressing a firm kiss to her lips. "Gwen, I—I love you. I always have, I was just too afraid to say it out loud. But right now I need to go and help my dads, okay?"
"Thank you," he said as he caught an errant drop with his wrist. Even if Peter's resting vital signs were no longer considered normal for a boy of his age, it was comforting to know that at least one of the three of them was getting some halfway decent sleep.
Closing the proposal, Tony turned his attention back to Natasha's equipment, tweaking settings here and there until the delicious smell of roasted garlic and Parmesan cheese started to waft into the lab from the kitchen, almost as though Steve was physically beckoning Tony to come out and eat.
Slowly, Peter's stiff body began to relax as he breathed in a slow, deep breath. Then his head whipped around to look at Steve, his eyes narrowing as he noticed Steve's bruised and bloodied nose.
"No. Not gonna hurt you," Steve murmured into Tony's hip as he spread his fingers wider, finding that spot inside him that had him seeing stars. "Need to make sure you're ready."
Tony's eyebrows knitted into a frown. "Mmm, we'll see," he grumbled. He wound his arms around Steve's neck, tugging him closer. "Now, I believe that we were starting something here."
Steve shook his head, shuddering as more tears dripped down his cheeks. Natasha had been saying the same thing for weeks now, absolutely insisting that it couldn't be over. That the snap could somehow be reversed.
“I really missed you today,” he whispered as they broke apart.  “And I am really looking forward to this weekend.”
The mess could wait, though. He still had two more bags to get through. May as well save it all till the end.
"Yes, it is," said Grandma. "One of the worst things I heard people say about him was that he talked funny. Joseph had this sort of lilt to his speech that I found incredibly romantic, but apparently others said it made him hard to understand." She frowned, shaking her head. "And when I was finally able to work up the courage to explain to my father that I wanted to marry Joseph instead of Matthew, well… let's just say that it didn't go very well."
He broke off then, biting his bottom lip so hard that Peter winced. Keeping busy had always been Dad's way of dealing with loss or grief or worry or any other negative emotion because it kept his mind too occupied to dwell on things that were rotten. But as soon as he paused for more than a minute or so, that was usually when the floodgates blew open.
And during that time Steve had missed not only Peter's championship Decathlon competition, but also him getting ready for his first big dance.
"Hey," Auntie Nat said soothingly, reaching back to pat Peter's knee. "It's gonna be okay. Like Sam said, it was probably just a strong gust of wind or something, and you know your papa just likes to be cautious. And thorough, especially since the septre's still being stored up there. He said they're just gonna do some quick investigating, maybe ask some of the SHIELD people if they saw anything, and then be back sometime tomorrow."
Peter's eyebrows shot up under his hair. "Oh, you're using your made-up name? Then I am Spider-Man."
"I love you," he murmured, hissing as Tony took Steve's cock in his hands, slicking it up with the lube before lining it up. As soon as he felt himself breach Tony's body, Steve dropped his head back, moaning wantonly up to the ceiling as he gripped Tony's hips. Tony felt
"I'm gonna miss you so much," he whispered once they broke apart, hugging her as closely as the centre console would allow. A traitorous tear escaped down his cheek, one that he quickly swiped away. "Please, promise me you're gonna be careful! You never know when you might run into some badass British supervillain or something, and then Spider-Man won't be there to save you, so—"
Pursing his lips, Steve rips the label off his juice bottle and balls it up, launching it at Natasha’s head as she skips giggling back to her desk.  Then he hefts himself up from his chair and retrieves the label, tossing it and the bottle into the recycling bin.  Once back at his desk, Steve opens up the Nike grant file and starts scanning its cover letter for typos, shaking his head about thirty seconds later when he realises he’s read over the same sentence three times.
“Uhh, yeah!” Peter exclaimed, licking his lips as he held up the box.  “I’ve never seen these in real life before!  I thought this set was only a myth!”
"Yeah, that makes sense." Papa had told Peter a bunch of stories about all the trouble he'd had adjusting to his new body, including one time when he’d misjudged a corner so badly while running that he’d ended up crashing right through the plate-glass window of a clothing store.
"Yeah, but once you figured out that Steve wasn't just some random pilot?" asked Tony. "What about then?"
And he still was, there was no question about it. There was no doubt in his mind that the procedure ended up saving his life, as he had grown up with such severe—and costly—lung problems that he likely wouldn't have lived much past his nineteenth birthday having to rely on the medicines that were available to civilians.
"Oh gods, it's a kid," one of the medics said as soon as he laid eyes on Peter. "What's his medical history?"
"Somehow, I'm not quite sure that I believe you," Steve said, gasping when Tony sucked hard on the fragile skin of his pulse point, marking him. It would fade by morning, as they always did, but Tony still loved to see them on Steve's smooth, pale skin.
He had knowingly risked his own life to save Steve's, under the assumption that he was beyond saving. If anything could be considered more heroic or selfless than that, Steve wasn't aware of it.
"I'd actually like to defer to Captain Rogers on this one, Mr Chairman, with your permission of course," said Tony.
Mr Rogers chuckles.  “The front crawl will do fine, little guy.  Can you go down and back for me please?”
"Oh, Captain! I'm so glad to hear your voice!" Scott nearly shrieked. He raked his fingers through his disheveled hair, gesturing towards his van. "Um… I know—I know this is probably gonna sound pretty crazy, but… well… I think—I think I might have an idea on how to fix all of this."
"It's just not right, Steve," Tony said as he stopped at a red light, gripping the steering wheel with white knuckles. "No kid should ever have to go through what you and Pete had to go through."
Winter Soldier's eyes flicked up towards the colonel, his upper lip twitching into a defiant sneer as his metal fingers curled around the arm of the chair. "Нет," he said again. "Я не соблюдаю."
With a quick shake of his head, Peter pushed that unpleasant thought to the back of his mind, concentrating next on his need for a suit. It would have to be dark in colour since his usual red and blue would be easier to spot, so black or dark blue would be best, and putting one together by Friday evening definitely presented a problem, but…
"Don't think I could say no to that if I tried," Tony murmured. He slid his hands up Steve's back to his shoulders, rolling his hips up to meet Steve's. They were both hard, and despite the fact that he'd already gotten off three times in the last seven or so hours, Tony was more than ready to go again.
"Awesome!" Peter exclaimed, his stomach already rumbling at the prospect. He hadn't yet figured out how Papa managed to take the most basic of dishes and make them taste incredible, but he wasn't about to complain about it. Papa's mac and cheese was almost considered legendary amongst the occupants of Avengers' Tower, and his french bread wasn't too far off either.
"You feel helpless," Gwen cut in. "And that's totally normal too, and anyone who thinks otherwise is just a big jerk."
I’m always eager to hear what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment!  😊
And Tony would never fault him for it either. It still filled Tony with rage that it took the government leaders over a month to decide to allow the surgeons to attempt to fix Rhodey's spine after his accident, by which time the damage had grown too severe for him to ever attempt to fly again.
"Tony, please," Steve said, far too calmly for Tony's taste. "Beating yourself up over something that you can't control won't help anything."
Fury scoffed, tapping his palm on the desk.  “Right before you called, I received word from one of our undercover agents in a neighbouring country.  Now, given that this is still unverified information, I have to take it with a grain of salt.  But if what she’s been able to uncover is true, then I have good reason to believe that the entire STRIKE team has been taken over by HYDRA.”
"And I think Clint and Nat should head down to Florida like they originally planned," said Bruce. "Then once Peter activates his chip, Clint can get in contact with us and we can all converge."
Peter nodded, folding up the top of his chip bag. "Well… we were able to beat them back once, right? And if we can get Wakanda to help us, then I'm sure we'd be fine. I mean, if even a fraction of all the rumours about their awesome tech are true, then we should definitely be okay. Right?"
"Not too bad," answered Tony. "Looks like Colonel Phillips is gonna get the designs of both of the new airliners tomorrow instead of just the one."
to be confused with the Hawks Nest, otherwise known as the very same outcropping on the opposite side of the dome.
"You're welcome," she said, with the slightest of smiles. "Now, I think you should go make yourself presentable for your boys, okay? Otherwise they might not recognise you when they get back."
"Mmm," Tony grumbled, pursing his lips as he made one final adjustment to the compass. Then he stepped back, looking Steve up and down. "Well, I gotta say that you do make one fine-looking time-traveller, hon. Probably the finest I've ever seen."
"Tony?" he said again, high-pitched and frantic as he shook Tony's shoulder. "Oh God, sweetheart, wake up!"
"That the so-called Meridian government got their hands on at least half of the created doses?" said Colonel Phillips. "Then you would be correct, Captain. Although apparently their initial experience with the serum wasn't all that great, so they ended up scrapping the whole super-soldier idea altogether."
He could tell Steve was nervous by his ramrod-straight back and tight set of his jaw, but no one who didn't know him well would've been able to tell. To the outside world he just looked like Captain Steve Rogers, war hero and leader of the Avengers, and Tony's sexy-as-hell husband.
Gulping, Peter tapped to expand the section, his belly swooping with the realisation that the bill sponsor must have deliberately hidden whatever this was deep inside this particular bill under the assumption that most people would be unlikely to come across it.
"Did you see any ships?" Steve suddenly asked, his heart starting to thud. "When you were flying here, did you happen to see any ships out there?"
With a heavy sigh, Peter closed his laptop screen and hunched over, folding his arms on top of his stack of books as he struggled to keep his eyes open. He knew it was rude to not pay attention in class, but the honest truth was that he just didn't need to. Everything Ms Warren was discussing he already knew, and thanks to how often he got to work with Dad and Uncle Bruce on their stuff, he could probably even teach the class himself by now.
"She's not my girlfriend," Peter said quickly, wincing when Uncle Bucky took another one of his pawns. "She's just a friend."
"Tony!" Steve cried as Tony slid his hand between their bodies, curling his calloused fingers around both their erections and stroking them together, pleasure pooling deep in his gut when Tony let out another loud moan. "Sweetheart, I can't—I—oh God,
"Hmm," said Tony. "How 'bout that." Then he raised his arms, launching every single volt of it directly at Voldemort, letting out a shout of victory when the alien shattered like a dropped piece of crystal.
"Well, seeing as how you felt the need to carry me over here, I'd say that it is," Tony said between kisses. "So, hot stuff, what's the next part of your plan, hmm?"
Which, since it would be out in space it would be already difficult—impossible—anyway, but if the Langaran military government could be summed up in any single word it would be 'paranoid', so Peter needed to make sure that he left no room for any of their excess paranoia to possibly hinder the project.
"I'm gonna go see if I can get in touch with Director Fury now, little guy," Papa said. He patted Peter on the shoulder. "And I'm sure Dad's already expecting you."
"Okay, so then you gotta promise me that you're gonna tell him," Peter had stated. "Dad doesn't like secrets and he's really overprotective of me, so please don't wait too much longer."
"And then Thursday night I'm gonna be going with Uncle Sam and Uncle Bucky to the Mets game, so Dad will be picking you up from school after Robotics Lab, okay?"
"Insect!" Thanos snarled as he pushed Peter into the thick red clay that covered the ground. Peter gasped, kicking and squirming as he tried to loosen Thanos' death grip on his windpipe.
"Here here!" called Rocket from his spot next to Thor. "Lemme at 'em! Oh, and good speech, by the way. Very inspiring."
Both of which made him very happy. Because despite his best efforts to tell himself to tread slowly, he was already so protective of both of the Starks that it scared him.
"No, what you need is to go back to sleep, sweetheart," Steve said, gently but firmly. "You're exhausted, and there's nothing in the lab that can't wait until morning."
"Yep," Tony said. He tilted his head up to meet Steve's lips, grabbing onto his face when he tried to pull away too fast. Steve was dressed in Tony's favourite blue t-shirt—the one that exactly matched his eyes—and with his blond hair still damp from his shower combined with the brown leather jacket slung casually over his arm, Steve Rogers was the absolutely picture-perfect example of perfection in human form.
"And I only mean in like 'now' terms, all right?" added Rhodey. "Something tangible I can actually provide for you that might help?"
"Yes, he definitely does," agreed Steve. He glanced up at the wall clock. "Think you can be ready in about ten minutes? I thought we might take the bike this morning since it's so nice out."
"Hey Mr Stark!" Ned said, waving as Dad rolled down his window. "Hey Captain Rogers, how're you guys doing?"
“Well, well, well.  How good of you to finally show up,” Obie said before Tony had even had a chance to cross the threshold.  He carried a highball glass in one hand, which wasn’t all that unusual, even if Tony thought it was a bit early to be indulging in his thousand-dollar-a-bottle Scotch.  Tony glowered at him as he crossed the room to his desk, making a point of setting down his coffee cup before turning to look at him.
"What the—?" Steve heard from the bed as he attempted to roll over, his damaged ribs making him feel every single centimetre of movement. He refused to look as Tony sat up and poked his head over the end of the bed, already bracing himself for the lecture he was about to get.
It took Steve's mind about three seconds to process the fact that Tony was actually giving him permission, during which Tony's beautiful brown eyes flicked between his own and his lips so expectantly that Steve could barely breathe. Once he finally made the connection he wound his arm around Tony's waist, drawing him closer as his other hand came up to cup his cheek.
"Bruce is there? Why?" Tony grabbed onto Steve's hand, gripping it tightly as he stepped through the portal, his eyes going wide as they landed on Bruce.
Dad pursed his lips, shooting Peter a sharp glare over his shoulder. "I don't need either of you worrying about me, Pete. And Papa knows that too."
Steve slumped down into the chair as Tony wheeled him away, his heart starting to thud when he realised they were heading towards a bank of elevators instead of the exit.
He sniffed, trying to ignore the tear zig-zagging down his cheek. "But anyway, before I go I just wanted to tell you that I'm sorry, Steve. I'm so sorry that I wasn't good enough to keep all of this from happening. I'm so sorry that I wasn't as good to you as you were to me, and to Pete. He loved you so much, honey. You were a hero to him even before he knew you, and for that, I'll always be grateful. You brought out the best in both of us, and I love you for it. Well, I love you for a lot of other things too, but that's a pretty big one." He paused again, choking back more tears. "Please, don't feel guilty about this. You have no reason to feel guilty for anything. All you need to do is remember that I love you, Steve. And I know you will, 'cause you never forget anything." He broke off again, his throat so tight he could barely swallow. "I'm pretty tired, and the air's getting pretty thin, so I'm probably gonna be going to sleep soon. And when I do, I'm gonna pretend that you're holding me up against your chest, with your arm over my waist, so I can stay warm for as long as I can."
Peter shrugged. "Pretty much anything, I guess. I don't get to go outside very often so it's mostly stuff I can see through my bedroom window." He shifted closer, lowering his voice. "I'm also helping my dad a bit with one of his side projects, but I'm not allowed to talk about that. It hasn't been approved yet."
"Yeah, see ya," Peter said as he climbed into the truck's backseat, slumping into the plush leather chair with a sigh.
“Sure.”  As he pulls on his clothes, Peter tries to listen to what Dad and Mr Rogers are talking about, but their conversation is quickly drowned out by the arrival of a group of six little kids and their parents, probably there for a swimming lesson.
"I'm afraid I don't have much more to tell you," he began. "I just put Hill and three other trusted agents on a plane about fifteen minutes ago, so hopefully once they get on the ground out there we can get some more concrete information."
"Sweetheart," Steve said as he shrugged out of his jacket, tossing it somewhere off to the side before reaching for Tony, pulling him close. "Can I—?"
Steve cleared his throat, folding his hands on the table in front of him. "As it stands right now, Senator, I highly doubt that I'll be able to give you an answer that will satisfy you, but what I can promise is that it will be the absolute truth."
"Mmm," muttered Steve. He wasn't about to say it out loud, but he still didn't quite trust SHIELD. Even with Fury's ongoing vetting process for his people, the fact that they were still finding rogue HYDRA agents embedded in SHIELD only a little over a year ago rankled him. "If you think that's best, then I'm sure it's okay."
Peter watched carefully as the camera panned along the coastline, afraid to even blink in case he might miss something. But after three hours had passed with nothing but more waves and birds to show for it, Peter was both exhausted and fried, and still behind on his homework.
"Phoenix One, standing by," replied Steve, his calm voice hiding the nervousness that only Tony could hear. He had held Tony so tightly the night before that it had been hard for him to breathe at times, but Tony hadn't minded in the least. Especially since when they'd driven to visit Peter earlier in the evening, Peter had asked him if he could stop calling him Steve and start calling him Papa instead.
Of course, Peter seemed to have connected most of the dots of what had happened—if not all of them, which presented its own dilemma. Like Tony often said, sometimes Peter was just too smart for his own good, and Steve knew that he and Tony were going to have to sit down privately with him at some point and explain everything that had happened, as difficult as it was going to be. It would be far better for Peter to hear it all directly from his dads rather than try and put a bunch of jumbled pieces together on his own.
Steve nodded against Tony's shoulder. "Yes. Especially today." He pressed a kiss to Tony's cheek. "Ready to get some sleep now?"
"Holy shit, that was a close one, Rogers!" called the voice of Tomis Syler, one of Joseph's two wingmen. "You all right?"
"All right," Tony said. He carefully brushed the hair from Peter's forehead before pressing a kiss there. "You'll tell him I'll be back as soon as I can, won't you?"
Image Peter only stared at Stane, sucking in a deep breath as he regarded him. Then he deliberately squared his jaw, turned his head, and trained his bruised and bloodshot eyes on the grey, concrete ceiling.
Maria Stark hadn't even been home at the time, having left Tony in the care of one of Howard's SHIELD colleagues, Mr Edwin Jarvis, a man who had been honourably discharged from the Langaran army due to an injury and to whom Tony would eventually grow so attached that when he passed away almost fifteen years later, Tony felt as though he had lost the only father who had ever truly loved him. It was as if Mr Jarvis had been sent by the gods themselves for how much he cared for Tony, teaching him everything from how to ride a bike—"
"You really shouldn't listen to silly rumours," Gwen said, sharply enough to cut through the blood rushing past Peter's ears. "And besides that, I highly doubt the
But now, things were different. And while Tony still channeled a lot of his energy into Peter, he now had a partner with which to share the burden. Someone who loved and protected both himself and his son without hesitation or prejudice, someone whose arms chased away the horrible memories of the freezing-cold Afghanistan cave when they woke him in the middle of the night, and whose voice spoke words of such devotion and adoration that Tony often was convinced that he was a poet as well as an artist.
"As long as it doesn't get too much colder out here," answered Tony. "Otherwise, I'm gonna head back inside and you two nanuuks can stay out here and watch 'em by yourselves."
“Well, I don't really mind either way,” says Steve.  “But just know that you don't have to call me Mr Rogers.”
"Unfortunately, Captain, I am unaware of the location of the other two stones," Thor said sadly. "Or rather, three, now that the Mind Stone has been taken. Both the Power Stone and the Time Stone remain hidden even to me. But I must reaffirm my desire to remove the tesseract from this place as soon as it is feasible. Having two stones in one place is far too dangerous, especially with the risk it presents to your people."
"C'mon, buddy, I think we need to get you something to eat before you pass out, yeah?" Dad said. "And then right to bed after you do your homework."
“Uh huh.  Thank you,” Peter said happily.  He leaned against his father as the elevator started its ascent, closing his eyes when Dad wrapped his arm around his shoulders.  For Dad to actually block Obie’s calls for an entire weekend was a huge deal, and Peter was very grateful for it.  Obie spent more than enough time bullying Dad during all hours of the week, he didn't need to do it on the weekends too.”
It just didn't make sense, or at least it wasn't making too much sense at four in the morning when he was drop-dead exhausted. Peter was enhanced, that much was true, but it wasn't like he was the only enhanced person out there. Papa, Uncle Bruce, Uncle Thor, and Uncle Bucky were also inherently enhanced, meaning that their abilities didn't depend on specialised equipment like Dad and the rest of their family members. But why was Peter being singled out as the target for all of these experimentally enhanced people? Why not Papa, who the senate was personally targeting with their smear campaign, or even Uncle Bucky, who had already been caught in HYDRA's clutches once before and who was also still sensitive to the trigger words?
Natasha gave him a shrug. "They're a bit shaken up, but they've lived through a lot worse, so I'm sure they'll be okay. Clint's keeping watch over them in the living room at the moment though, so if you're planning on heading in there anytime soon—"
Tony cut off as Obie’s grip on his shoulder suddenly tightened, almost like he was trying to give him a Vulcan nerve pinch.
Steve gave a nod, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed. "Yeah, I wanna make sure we find out as much as possible. How long's it gonna take?"
"Yeah, you did. Say, speaking of kids, has Sam been out to see Riley's wife and son recently? Just wondering how they're doing."
Since it was a beautiful, sunny day outside they took Steve's motorcycle, arriving at the cozy restaurant Sam had chosen just as Sam was helping Bucky out of the passenger seat of his car.
"We're all teammates here, Scott," Steve said in his Captain's voice. "And there's no need for that kind of formality among teammates."
he thought bitterly. Even if it did turn out to be something innocuous, Tony knew Steve wasn't going to be able to let it go for a while.
“Good race, Alexei,” Steve says.  A tear escapes from his eye as Shostakov grins and thanks him, one that Steve hopes will blend in with the water droplets dripping from his soaking wet hair.  Then he offers Jacques and Bucky his congratulations and makes his escape, managing to make it all the way to the cool-down pool before completely breaking down.  As soon as he’s out of sight of the television cameras, he drops his stuff and jumps in, allowing himself to sink all the way to the bottom as his mind swirls with an uncertainty that he never considered and so certainly never planned for.
"You're absolutely right about that, Captain Rogers," he said quietly. "In fact, I'd go so far as to say that most of my life has been a complete waste, leaving me as just another lonely old man." He glanced over at Peter, lying motionless in the capsule waiting for everything to begin, and then looked at Tony, his lower lip twitching slightly. "But yours won't be, Tony. You've got someone here who loves you despite the Stark name that was spoken like a curse for so many years. Despite every single strike that you ever had against you because of me. And so will that boy. Because of what he did, he'll be able to grow up revered as a national hero, and I guess… I guess after everything… it's the least I can do to help ensure that."
Yet another raid where they didn't find Steve, or really anything else that was useful. Out of the three HYDRA bases that they uncovered, only one looked like it had even been in use during the last fifty years, and which was far too small to be anything other than an outpost of sorts.
"Okay, so… what're you gonna do about it?" asked Bucky. "I mean, I'm not really sure what you can do about the kid, but you're gonna try to fix this with Tony, right?"
Peter chuckled as he pulled on his seatbelt.  “It’s so funny that neither of you can see it when it’s so obvious.  Good thing I can.”
"Yeah, we have," Sam said as they swerved around another walker. "But the stadium's pretty big, so there's plenty of room for you too."
Regardless of who the aircraft belonged to, it appeared to be making a beeline towards the massive Langaran power plant facility located in one of the neighbouring mountains, which meant that Joseph needed to take it out. Immediately.
"Sam!" Steve said suddenly. He pointed to his teammate's left hand, and the ring sitting on his third finger. "Um… do you guys have some news for us?"
"Shit. I really have corrupted you," Tony breathed as he wrapped his legs around Steve's slender waist.
But the alternative; swimming out to the prison through the choppy-as-hell, freezing cold Atlantic Ocean was absolutely
"No," replied Dr Strange as he shook dust from his long maroon cloak. "Well, yes, actually, he did. But now it doesn't matter anymore."
He had almost been out of time, something that Steve had repeated to himself about a million times in the last few hours.
"No, maybe not," Steve said after a short pause. "But Tony, didn't you tell me that Dr Strange mentioned something about fourteen million possible outcomes of the battle with Thanos?"
Steve’s cracked, stinging lips curl into a smile.  “Well, I think he’s pretty awesome too.  But at the moment, I’m a bit more interested in what you think of me.”
"No, fathers are supposed to be human, which is exactly what you are," Tony cut in. "Or I guess superhuman in your case, so Pete's even extra lucky. Now hush, will you? This isn't an argument that you're gonna win."
"Tony!" Steve suddenly said, struggling against his damaged abdomen to try and sit up. "Tony? Is it—are you—?"
“No, we do not, sir,” said JARVIS.  “And at this time I am unsure as to the reason for their assembly.  I would appreciate some more time to continue my search.”
"Oh," Peter said, feeling like a fool as realisation dawned. Uncle Bucky had said something very similar to him not too long after that fateful dinner, and Peter had just brushed it off as yet another one of his old-fashioned ideas on courtship. But maybe… if he'd been right all along, that might mean…
"Nah, I've got some snacks in my backpack, so I should be fine once it gets here," Peter said as he headed into the smaller of the two bedrooms. "Whoa! I've got an awesome view of the mountains in here!"
The fact that he could barely stand to even look at Steve at the moment wasn't helping anything, but the sight of the immense pain and self-loathing in his husband's blue eyes was just almost too much for Tony to handle. Absolutely none of this was Steve's fault, but Tony knew that there was no way that Steve would see it that way because if their roles were reversed, neither would he.
Steve tightened his grip on Tony's hand, his heart lighter than it had been in days. This was the perfect example of the kind of optimism he needed to see at the moment.
Which is exactly what he did once he got home. After downing a massive mug of Papa's hot chocolate and taking a quick shower, as soon as Dad and Papa exited his room after tucking him in, Peter pulled out his two networked laptops and got to work, programming his JARVIS overrides Hufflepuff ten through fifteen while his dads worked—and argued—in Dad's lab, discussing the very things they didn't want him to overhear.
"Yeah, well that's good," said Uncle James. He pulled the car onto the street, a smirk playing on his lips. "She's cute, by the way."
“Um… it was fine?” Peter replied, his eyebrows knitting together as he scanned Tony’s face.  “Did you hear anything from Papa today?”
"No," stated Thor. "It should in fact be me who makes this initial attempt, for I am far less likely to be affected by—"
“Eh, you know,” replied Tony.  “Just had a meeting that was a bit tense but… it’ll be okay.  What about you?  Your customers keeping you on your toes?”
“That’s exactly what I’m telling you,” said Fury, so matter-of-factly that Tony’s blood instantly transformed into ice.  “‘Cause based on the evidence that we have, that’s exactly what’s happened.”
Sucking in a shuddering breath, Steve reached a trembling hand to cup Tony's shoulder, only to have him jerk away again, nearly tearing his heart right from his chest.
Lang practically collapsed in relief. "Oh, thank you. Um… after what happened, I'm not sure if he'd even wanna talk to me again, and—"
"You did?" Peter exclaimed through a mouthful of chicken tender. "How? The FBI agent in charge of his case won't even tell my dad hardly anything, and he's the one who tipped them off!"
being such an open book all the time. No matter how hard he tried to hide stuff, both Dad and Papa were able to pretty much read him perfectly with just a brief glance, and his aunt and uncles only took a few seconds longer.
After finding a parking place about a half a block away from the store, Tony cut the engine and tipped his head forward, thudding it against the steering wheel.  He would’ve never admitted it in front of Peter, but he was scared.  Like, the scared shitless kind of scared.
"Yeah, I figured that out too," Peter said. "And it'll be even worse if they find out that our government was planning on using it to build weapons of mass destruction, so—"
"That's just fine, Peter," said Steve. Then he moved back to the doorway to allow Tony and Sharon to hook up the various monitors and check Peter's vital signs.
"She is almost eighteen years old," said T'Challa. He turned to Steve, giving him a knowing look. "Not too much older than your son, I believe."
"Try not to worry, Стиви, yeah?" Bucky whispered as Peter and Gwen stepped up to the curb, waiting for the light to change. "I'll keep a close eye on him."
"Well, as long as you and Gwen enjoyed yourselves," Papa said. He smiled as he handed Peter a package, carefully wrapped in brown shipping paper. "This came in the mail for you today."
That had also been the first time that Tony had shown his tender, nurturing side with Steve, which Steve had already seen him demonstrate in spades with Peter.
"Hopefully not that deep or he'll still be sitting here in the morning," said Bucky. He punched Steve on the arm, playfully, but still hard enough for Steve to grunt. "See ya."
Of course, he hadn’t counted on Peter Stark setting foot inside it either, but that was already so beside the point it was almost laughable.  Steve had been aware that the infamous CEO of Stark Industries had a son, but what he looked like or how old he was wasn’t common knowledge even amongst his former commanding officers who regularly interacted with the man.  Steve supposed that right there should’ve been a pretty big clue as to how protective Tony Stark was of his only child, but given that Steve had never before been inclined to think anything positive about him, he simply hadn’t made that connection.
As silently as they could, they tiptoed closer to where Strange was suspended, the long, silvery spikes now sticking out all over his head and body. The alien had his back to Tony, still monologuing in that skin-crawling, soft-ass voice that reminded him way,
grateful for, as it never failed to embarrass him when he had to ask JARVIS to do it himself. He supposed he should be grateful that his parents obviously loved each other very much, as he knew that wasn't always the case, but he really,
"Reentry angle for Captain Rogers has been calculated, sir," JARVIS said. "Time to reentry will be exactly three minutes and four seconds on my mark. Mark."
"No, don't think so," Peter said, shaking his head. "Both of my dads have gone through 'em before, and they're fine."
"Well, in case you hadn't noticed, neither of my dads are here at the moment," Peter cut in, scowling at his screen. "Which is exactly the problem that I'm trying to fix."
"Look elsewhere for a means of conversion," Peter repeated, twice more as he tried to force his tired mind to keep working for just a little while longer.
"Uh huh," Peter said, obediently heading over to his workstation and pulling out his trigonometry textbook. Steve had gone out with Bucky and Sam to run some errands, promising to bring Peter's favourite pizza home for dinner afterwards, so Tony headed over to his own workstation, slipping the vial of particles under his holographic projector.
Steve’s heart gives a flutter as he remembers lying in the hospital at twelve years old, struggling to breathe as the doctor explained to him and Ma that he was going to have to quit playing on his baseball team with his friends because his weak lungs couldn't take any more severe asthma attacks.
Now it’s Steve’s turn to frown.  “You think Strucker was already gone by the time we jumped down here?”
"No, we don't," Natasha said firmly, nearly drowned out by Hulk's roar as he grabbed two of the speeders from midair, slamming them together. "All we know is that it's here somewhere."
"My mom's dead," Peter said shortly. He looked down at his plate, breathing in and out slowly and very much aware of both Gwen and Mr Stacy's eyes on him. "I never met her."
"Yeah, I need it for a new school project I'm working on," said Peter. "Just one of the regular laptops though, nothing too fancy. I just wanted to let you know first."
Sam grinned, popping the last of his scone into his mouth. "That's better," he said. "See, you are learning."
And once again, the stark contrasts between military hospital care and civilian care were made blatantly obvious. As a civilian, Steve had always been pushed to the back of the line, one time nearly passing out on the floor of the emergency room as he and Ma waited for him to be seen, whereas now it seemed as though the doctors and nurses had been specifically waiting for him to come in.
"Okay, okay, just don't let up," Dad said as he took hold of the gauntlet. "Pete? Need your help here, buddy!"
He was cut off by a repulsor shot that flashed so close to his face that it singed the overgrown whiskers covering his chin. He cried out, raising his hands in surrender as he took a step forward.
"Steve Rogers," Steve said with a nod, gesturing towards Bruce and James. "And this is Dr Bruce Banner and Colonel James Rhodes. They're the ones who found the pager in D.C."
Tony had never pushed Steve to talk about it afterwards, and Steve definitely hadn’t volunteered to do so.  During the war, soldiers were called “chicken shits” for daring to express even the slightest amount of fear, and that combined with the permanent chip on Steve’s shoulder from when he’d been so small and sickly was not something he was prepared to let go of so easily.
"Yes sir!" Steve answered, shooting Bucky one final look before making a beeline for his aircraft. He climbed up the ladder, settling inside the cockpit as one of the groundsmen handed him his helmet, blue with a white star painted on each side.
"He's gonna be all right, Bucky," said Steve. "You know Peter, he'll bounce back like he always does."
“Oh, good God, will you just quit with this whole Stark Relief Foundation nonsense?” Obie interrupted.  “Tony, that was never meant to turn into some big thing!  We only created it to shut all those damn anti-war protestors up!”
Was this finally it? Was this the actual universe they had been searching for? The one where everyone, their entire team, was there, together on the battlefield, preparing for Thanos to arrive? Despite all of his efforts to the contrary, Steve's focus during the Battle of Wakanda had been horribly split, as his worry for Tony and Peter's safety had been nearly crippling.
"What, so he's thinking that Killian or Stane somehow managed to buy off some of our guys before they kicked the bucket?" Tony asked, incredulous. "Really?"
"Yes, well, so did Thor, and from what he's been telling us, it was all pretty awful," Papa agreed. "But the worst part was that Hela was so powerful that he and Loki ended up having to destroy Asgard in order to defeat her."
"Try and get some good sleep tonight, okay?" Papa said as he kissed Peter's forehead. "Hopefully we'll get to see Dad tomorrow."
Stacking his laptops and m&ms on his bedside table, Peter shuffled into the bathroom, finding Dad already in position when he came back out. He crawled underneath his covers, burrowing down as Dad pulled them up to his neck and brushed his hair off his forehead.
And now he was going to have to live without him for the next two—maybe three—weeks, a thought that brought an instant frown to Tony’s face as he set his phone down on the counter, eyeing it as if it had personally insulted him.
Unfortunately, they hadn't found much of anything. Everything in the place seemed to focus on the computer data and the strange-looking stasis pods in the opposite laboratory.
“It’s a custom for soldiers to give these to their sweethearts,” Steve had explained as he looped the ball chain over Tony’s neck, trailing his fingers down to where it framed the arc reactor.  “Sort of as a promise that they’ll always return home to them.”
"Oh, so this is starting to become a thing now, hmm?" Tony said, rather cheekily. "You end up getting up way too damn early, which makes you want to take one of these afternoon naps of yours, which then only makes you wanna stay up all night again." He twisted around in Steve's arms so he could face him. "You do see where this is going, don't you?"
"And I've told him multiple times that he doesn't need to be worrying about me," Tony said, cringing at his own petulance. All he was doing was making things worse. "Look, I promise I'll talk to Sam about this stuff sometime soon, okay? But right now all I wanna do is get this questioning over with so we can figure out what the hell Hank Pym was after."
what you're talking about!” he said through clenched teeth.  “And if you think I’m gonna stand here any longer and let you—”
As the elevator climbed up to the Tower's top floor, Peter's ears picked up the thundering beat of AC/DC coming from Dad's lab, a beat that instantly dropped to one-third the volume as soon as the doors opened into the penthouse. Peter and Papa's ears were both so sensitive to the loud noise that Dad had programmed JARVIS to drop the volume the moment he detected their presence in the penthouse.
"Thereby keeping a constant flow of energy to each satellite, which would then be channeled into the various power plants," Tony finished. He tilted his head, rereading Peter's notes in amazement.
Steve could only shake his head as he tapped on the link, briefly squeezing his eyes closed as it loaded. Just like they had been a couple days ago, the news report was more speculation than information, but he couldn't deny that it was definitely not good.
Steve grinned.  He could definitely think of a few things Tony could do with him, beginning that very night once they tucked Peter into bed.
The work helped to keep his mind occupied, Stacy had told Steve yesterday, but Steve could tell that underneath his tough exterior, the man was barely holding on.
"You're welcome," she answered. Then she shot him a smile, gathered up her books, and headed for the door.
"Babe, why're you still watching that garbage?" Tony said as he came into the bedroom, cleaning his hands with an old towel. "You know it's just gonna make you upset. That guy blows the most hot air I've ever seen in a politician, and that's saying something."
"Tony, please!" Papa cried, the pure agony in his voice causing tears to well in Peter's eyes as something metal crashed against something else metal that sounded a lot like Papa's shield. "You know me! You know there's no way that I'd ever—!"
"Mmm. Don't want you to go," Tony murmured a few minutes later, once he felt capable of speech. His eyelids were so heavy he could barely keep them open, and his limbs still felt leaden, like they'd been filled with wet sand.
"Please," Gwen whispered once they broke apart, their foreheads pressed together. "Please be careful!"
"Aw, yeah!" exclaimed Sam, playfully knocking Bucky on the shoulder. "See? I knew you could do it, man, I knew you could!"
"Yeah, I can tell," Papa said as he briefly squeezed Peter's knee. "I talked to Dad right before I came to pick you up, and he told me that he's hoping he'll be able to come back home either tomorrow or the next day."
“Yeah, yeah, Cap, I know,” Tony says.  He attempts a smile, one that comes out looking more like a grimace as he takes hold of the shield with one hand, placing his other on Steve’s hip.  “Here.  On the count of three, yeah?  Three… two… one… go!”
Surely he couldn't be the only person to have actually read the thing, or who would protest such a horrible injustice.
But, since Papa and Dad still refused to let him start training with the team again, the arm-wrestling and his sparring sessions with Uncle Thor were all that he had.
"Tony!" Steve choked out as Tony's fingers finally slipped underneath the soft fabric and curled around his aching cock. "Please, teastaíonn níos mó uaim!"
Then again, Dad was the best at dealing with an anxious Papa. It still amazed Peter that Papa could be just on the verge of one of his super-overprotective fits, but yet just a couple of touches and some soft words from Dad and he'd be almost back to normal again. It really was incredible to witness, even if it was kinda sad at the same time.
about your oath! My son is in danger!" yelled Tony. "And the Avengers have made no such oath, so how dare you stand here and tell us that—!"
He broke off as he saw General Okoye emerge from the Wakandan army, accompanied by five of her warriors and another young woman, whom Steve recognised as T'Challa's sister, Shuri.
"It was for me," Uncle Bucky said. "Stevie, though, he just seemed to accept it. For him, it was normal."
I do have more stories in the works.  I am currently working on a Reylo story that I am extremely excited about as it will involve another one of my very favourite fandoms, as well as a sweet Superfamily one-shot and plotting out my next Superfamily multi-chapter 😊
Tony's jaw dropped open, his angry retort dying on his lips as his panic-laden mind finally realised why Howard wasn't concerned.
you allow your greed to overtake your own sense of decency and morality, however meagre they might be!  How
DUM-E let out a rather mournful beep as he stopped next to Tony, a fresh cup of coffee attached to his appendage. Tony patted him as he took the cup, which was only about two-thirds full because of how much had spilled on the short trip from the coffeemaker over to Tony's workstation.
Tomorrow they would try and save the world, so now all Steve wanted was to savour the moment. Savour his gorgeous husband lying naked in his arms as the sweat cooled on their bodies and their heart rates ticked back to normal.
"Peter hasn't told me anything about you, sir," Steve interrupted. "As I'm sure you've noticed, he is an extremely polite young man. His father and I just want to make sure that he's kept as safe as possible, and since he became ill while at your home, we just felt that—"
"Ah, he's always been like that," said Uncle Bucky. "Стиви has one of the biggest hearts I've ever seen in a person. He was always looking to help people, even when he and his ma barely had a roof over their heads or food on the table. But he always hated being so small and sickly. He would pick fights with guys that were twice or even three times his size, but then he always hated when I'd jump in to make sure that he didn't get killed. Even if he never said anything, I knew he hated it. It helped a bit after he got the serum, but he still never liked showing any pain or anything he might consider a weakness, especially around the rest of the Commandos."
"Shit," he breathed as he plopped down onto his seat, his heart thudding as he dug into his pocket for his earplugs. He had been trying to not use them or his glasses as often lately, thinking it was way past the time for him to be used to his genetic enhancements by now. But with how on edge he was with Dad out of town and the general uneasiness in his family, he hadn't yet been able to get through a day without them.
"Which is still supposed to be a secret," Tony said quickly. "Look, as soon as I get JARVIS uploaded into the simulators and we make sure he doesn't cause any bugs—which he won't, 'cause Pete designed him—then Phillips is gonna be announcing the purpose of the missions." He swallowed hard, biting his bottom lip. Just an hour or so ago he had ranted to Steve about how they couldn't have any secrets between them, and yet here he was breaking that very vow.
"This needs to come off, honey," Tony ordered, leaving no room for argument. Steve immediately obeyed, tugging the shirt over his head and tossing it onto the floor, a loud moan escaping his throat when Tony glided his palms up his abdomen to his pecs, brushing his thumbs across his nipples.
“Oh, you don't have to worry about that, Mr Reeves,” Peter said, licking orange dust from his fingertips.  “My school’s one of the best in New York City.”
Steve glowered as he looked away, too embarrassed to even meet Tony's eyes even as his entire left side was now throbbing with every beat of his pounding heart.
Shifting in his chair, Steve brought Tony's hand to his lips, kissing it over his wedding ring. He had lost so much weight on his journey back to Earth, over seven kilograms, that even his fingers, normally slender and long—
"Yeah, but not as cool as what Carol did to the second one," answered Tony. He ruffled Peter's hair as he quirked an eyebrow at Steve, giving him his
"I know that part wasn't," Steve said. "But, Tony, we almost lost Peter, and—and that was because of me, and—what if your father hadn't been able to make that serum, then—?"
"Yeah, I was afraid of that," Tony muttered. "But without the tesseract would the project still be able to go forth using its original parameters?"
To Tony’s shock, Obie suddenly burst out laughing, pinching the bridge of his nose as he stepped around to the front of his desk.  Then he leaned against it, crossing his arms.
"Master Peter," JARVIS suddenly said as he swung towards the next building. "May I inquire as to what you are doing?"
"Oh, that's okay," Peter said quickly. After the rather tense afternoon he'd had with his grandfather Peter was looking forward to relaxing a little. He picked up his own notebook and pencil, flipping to a clean page.
“I’ll send them over in a few minutes,” Fury said after a short pause.  “I hope I don't have to tell you just how classified these are.”
"That's a huge relief, Carol, thank you," Steve said. He glanced down at Tony, his brown eyes pleading with Steve behind his glasses. "Ahh, do you think it would be okay if we—if Tony and I could—?"
"Okay, so… how many do we win?" Tony asked, dread burning a hole in his gut as Strange swallowed hard. The wizard's eyes narrowed, and for a moment, Tony could've sworn that he almost looked sympathetic.
"Hmm," he said as his eyes landed on a rather large file, titled Alternative Budget Proposal, sponsored by some senator from Nebraska that Peter wasn't familiar with.
"Shh, sweetheart, it's okay," Steve whispered as he kissed Tony's forehead, brushing his thumb along his cheekbone. "Go back to sleep."
And maybe, if he was lucky, his dads would be so impressed by what he had found that they wouldn't be as mad at him for disobeying.
"But what difference does a year make, really?" Peter demanded. "I mean, is there really such a huge difference between seventeen and eighteen? I know you and Dad seem to think so, but then your ma used to let you walk all over Brooklyn by yourself when you were four, so—"
“And, last but certainly not least,” Tony continued, shooting Steve what he hoped was an affectionate wink.  “Captain Rogers is also the man that I’m in love with.”
And not once during their entire conversation did Tony mention Howard Stark, or the fact that he had a son.
"You know I don't mind," Tony said with a frown. "But I have to say, you seem particularly concerned about this, so… should I know why?"
Only, he hadn't. Because, despite what he had thought, he actually wasn't in a plane about to crash into the frigid Arctic water, he was in his bedroom in Avengers Tower. The bedroom he shared with Tony, his husband, which also meant that Peter was sleeping in his own bedroom just down the hall.
A massive thank-you to my wonderful betas, allthesinnersandallthesaints, JeBeeEh, and She’sLikeTexas ♥️
A few seconds later Tony's repulsors sounded again, this time aimed at the southeast guard tower, accompanied a couple seconds later by the sound of a body hitting the ground.
“Oh my God, you guys!” Peter said, throwing up his hands in fond exasperation.  “You’ve been married for over a year already, why’re you still acting like newlyweds?”
True to his word, Thanos didn't care who he killed in order to accomplish his goal. Just so long as he came out victorious.
Steve chuckled as he watched Peter scramble towards the house, no doubt to retrieve the forgotten toothbrush. As soon as the door closed behind him, Steve took Tony's hand, tugging him up to his feet. Peter's sudden appearance had managed to quell Steve's raging desire just enough for him to be able to stand without embarrassment, so he figured he may as well try and take advantage of it.
"But neither of them are in the inner circle, buddy," Tony stated. "And you know how closely that inner circle guards itself. You get one of them in the wrong mood and they'll—"
"Are you kidding me?" Steve said. "Peter, when you grow up, you're gonna be the best of all of us. And that is a fact."
"And your people can then access this place if they wish to speak to their ancestors?" Steve asked. He couldn't help but think of what it might be like to be able to see his ma again.
“Just be careful when you start mixing all that stuff together, yeah, bud?” Tony says as he lays a twenty dollar bill on the table for Mags.  “Don't need you to go and singe off your eyebrows when you're getting ready to start swimming every day.”
Lost because Tony couldn't bear to even think about attempting to face a world where his son was dead, and now—
against all odds, Steve had been given a second chance at something that really had no business granting such a thing.
"Bruce already did." Sam tucked Peter's covered head under his chin, readying his wings for takeoff as he glanced down at Steve. "You get him out, yeah?"
Steve sniffed as he gathered Tony close again, rubbing soothing circles on his back. "Sweetheart, you're not gonna lose either of us. I promise."
"All right, J, give me another demonstration of the targeting system," Tony said as he made a final adjustment on his monitor. He stepped back, running his fingers along his goatee as the holographic drone hovering in the centre of the lab opened one of its weapons ports and proceeded to fire.
"The drones are just about ready," Tony finally murmured against Steve's collarbone. "I've run every possible scenario that JARVIS and I can think of on 'em, so…"
Steve flinched, burrowing further into Tony's neck. "I know you're right. I just really, really wish that you weren't."
"X-302 pilots, this is Colonel Phillips," Phillips's gruffy voice said through the comms. "Comm check."
Which Tony knew was just ridiculous. Usually someone had to at least talk to him first before they realised they hated him.
And, it would appear, twenty-eight years of rationing lifesaving medical care to those civilians. Especially civilians with the last name of Stark.
, DUM-E suddenly disappeared. Peter's eyes went wide as he dropped to his knees on the lab floor, using his magnifying glass to search for the bot he had loved since before he could talk. He was finally able to locate him right where he had been standing, now at about one-millionth of his previous size.
Before the sandman was even fully formed he let out an earth-shattering roar, sending another freezing-cold bolt down Peter's spine just before he swung his massive fist right at Peter's head. Peter ducked just in time, jumping out of the way and launching a web at the sandman's arm, which ended up going right through it.
Meaning that Thanos and his minions were now being forced to search for the Soul Stone the old-fashioned way. By digging for it.
"Yeah, true. And don't forget the guys constantly plotting to kill off the leaders at any given time," stated Ned. He looked back towards his bedroom door as Peter heard Ned's mother's voice in the background, calling for him. "Ah, sorry dude, but I gotta go now."
"As soon as Thor snaps his fingers and Thanos and his army are gone, the Soul Stone will be returned. You have my word," Steve said. "I know how important the stone is to your people."
"I'm not going on a date, Buck," Steve snapped. "And even if I was, it'd still be none of your business."
"Ah hell," grumbled Uncle Sam. "After that mess down in Georgia I think we've all earned the right to some boredom. Haven't we?"
"Oh, I know it," said Grandma, rather vehemently. "Not as well as you or your father, but I do understand."
"He has, Captain," JARVIS answered after a short pause. "And Mr Wilson did also inform Master Peter that he would be unable to maintain his confidence if they did not improve within a reasonable amount of time."
"I would generally agree with you, Mr Wilson," said JARVIS. "Be advised, I have adjusted the oven temperatures to reflect this finding."
" he said again. He pressed a light kiss to Tony's lips, his thumb brushing across his cheekbone. "I need to say this, and I need you to hear it. Please?"
"We're asking so much of them, Tony," Steve had said as he'd held Tony in his arms after making love the night before. "We're asking them to potentially give up their freedom, their livelihood, even their lives, and yet—"
The soap back in hand, Tony tipped his head back, closing his eyes as the hot water rained down over him and letting out an almost embarrassing moan as it pelted against his shoulders and neck, the muscles there so rock-hard that Tony could almost hear an audible
"You know Peter's perfectly capable of making his own breakfast, sweetheart, but I can take a hint," Steve gently admonished. "I'll be back soon with your tea."
"I've even personally witnessed it," added Ned. "One time when I was staying overnight I spilled pop all the way down my shirt, and Captain Rogers offered to wash it for me. And he didn't even shrink it or anything."
Alt-Steve gasped, his eyes nearly bulging as dozens of the golden circles began to appear, showering the battlefield with sparks. "
"I suppose I can do that," Steve said after a short pause. He pecked the tip of Tony's nose before reaching down over the side of the bed for their discarded t-shirts, handing Tony his. "I'll meet you in the lab, okay?"
Swiping the sweat from his eyes, Steve bent down to pick up the shield, placing it back on its shelf. Then he stepped back, sucking in a deep breath as he made a feeble attempt to talk himself out of what he was contemplating.
Doctor List smirked, his eyes crinkling behind his thick spectacles.  “My colleagues and I have been very eager to meet you for a long time, Captain.  Very eager indeed.  I have been studying the work of Abraham Erskine for most of my life, but unfortunately I have never been quite able to replicate the miracle that he created in you.  As a scientist, this has been immensely frustrating for me, as I’m sure you can understand.”
Tears pricked Steve's eyes, both from worry and from how upset Tony seemed to be. Like he was furious that Steve had the nerve to be worried about him.
"Yes. All right," answered Steve. He'd only been introduced to the tall, broad warrior right before the battle began, but he supposed if King T'Challa had trusted him enough to have him close to his side on the front lines, then he must be okay.
"Updates incorporated and diagnostic completed, sir," JARVIS said a few minutes later. "No problems noted."
"Oh yeah," Steve answered, without hesitation. "Yeah, everything's fine, I just—just give me a couple minutes, okay?"
He had always known that Justin Hammer was a jealous, petty man who shamelessly used anyone that he could in order to try to get ahead, but this went even beyond that.
"Okay, fine," replied Peter. "But… what's going on? Did something happen that I don't know about?" He and Gwen had started to discuss possible college choices over the summer at Gwen's suggestion, but only casually, as Peter hadn't really wanted to think about it all that much. He'd always figured that he'd either wind up going to Columbia, his preferred choice at the moment, or MIT, Dad and Uncle James's alma mater, and since he and Gwen were still only juniors in high school he had decided that he didn't need to worry much more about it yet.
"Yeah, maybe so, but honey, you wouldn't be the only one," Tony said. "In order for this to work, we would need both of the remaining space-capable aircraft up there deploying the satellites, which would mean—"
Peter was going to be available pretty much the entire summer while Gwen was gone, so all he was asking was to spend as much time with her as possible before she left.
"Die, blanket of death!" someone else yelled from a few feet away. Peter immediately jumped up, his suit's spider legs activating as he took off towards the Flash Gordon mask-wearing dude who had kicked him. He leaped up, ready to pounce just as the dude tossed some sort of electrical rope at him. As if it had a mind of its own, the rope quickly coiled itself around Peter's body as the guy yanked on it, causing him to crash onto the floor. The guy immediately grabbed for Peter, hauling him up and pointing the end of his blaster right at the side of Peter's head, his strong arm pressing against Peter's windpipe even through his suit. Peter's belly swooped in fear, his heart thudding as he scanned the area for Dad.
"And after that, he promised he'd take me somewhere where the mosquitoes aren't the size of goddamn birds," grumbled Bucky. "Which is just about anywhere else."
"Well, damn. If she can teach you to move like that, I might ask her for some ballet lessons myself!" Ned exclaimed. "You think she'd teach me if I asked her?"
Warmth burst across Steve's chest, and he slipped his fingertips underneath Tony's shirt, craving the feel of his skin against his.
handle it—spiraling into a vicious whirlpool of alcohol, drugs, and sex—that he very nearly managed to get himself killed on numerous occasions before finally being pulled from the brink of destruction by Rhodey, his friend from university, who for some reason had decided to take Tony under his wing despite there being absolutely no benefit at all for him to do so.
Which, now that the registration act had been killed, he was hoping would be sooner rather than later. He had noticed that Dad had already started work on a new set of uniforms for the entire team, including Uncle James, as well as discussing with Pepper about possibly taking legal action against Quentin Beck for the theft of Stark Industries property.
His boy really did spread joy and happiness wherever he went.  It was like he was the human incarnation of a double rainbow.
"I dunno, 'bout a seven, maybe?" Peter replied, flinching when Dr Cho hit a particularly tender spot on his knee. "It's already a bit better than it was at Gwen's house though."
"Ah, sure." Replacing the slide with the one containing the incredibly detailed diagram of the X-302's rocket booster, the diagram that Peter had drawn for him, Tony sucked in a deep breath. He was now getting to the most important part of the presentation.
"Mmm," grumbled Peter. He should've known that he couldn't hide anything from Papa. And everyone always said that he was the perceptive one.
Steve gave a nod, ignoring the fact that JARVIS couldn't see him. "Yes, please tell him that I will. As soon as I can."
"That was kinda the point of it, Dad," he said quietly. "But anyway, I'm fine. Papa's the one who's hurt."
"I'm afraid he won't be able to leave here again, Mr Stark. Not until he's able to have his operation," the lead doctor somberly told Tony once Peter was finally stabilised.
Her clinical, no-nonsense words hit Steve like a blast to the chest, and he gasped, groping for Peter's hand under the blanket and squeezing it tight. At the moment he didn't think he could survive it again if that was in fact the case, survive all the weeks of waiting, of physical therapy and tube feedings and begging and pleading with Peter to wake up over and over again.
True to his word, not even five minutes later Steve had reappeared in the garage, looking as dashing as ever in a blue long-sleeved t-shirt that exactly matched his eyes, and a pair of fitted jeans that showed off his magnificently round ass to perfection.
"No!" Steve gasped. "Oh God, please, no!" Carefully, he took his son into his arms, pressing his ear to Peter's chest to listen for a heartbeat.
Steve glanced down the hall, making sure they were still alone before leaning down to whisper in Tony's ear.
"Dad!" Peter yelled as he dove down, landing in front of his father just in time to catch the alien's hammer before it would've pummelled him into the grass. His heart thudding, Peter poked his head around the hammerhead, his eyes narrowing as he glared at the alien. "Why don't you pick on someone your own size, ya big bully?"
"I know, babe," Tony said somberly. "Which is why we need to get that stuff decrypted as soon as possible, and hopefully before the entire government has fallen under President Cole's spell, 'cause if that happens—"
He then moved down to Tony's abdomen, dipping his tongue into Tony's navel before following the dark line of hair down to his erection, giving him a few teasing licks as he lubed up his index finger and gently pressed it inside him.
"Yeah, I see it," Tony responded, low and tight, his arms not wavering a single centimetre. "Does anyone have eyes on Steve or Pete?"
"Oh, sorry, Papa!" Peter said, barely breaking stride. "Uncle Sam said we've still got twenty minutes till the food's ready, so Pietro and I are gonna go play frisbee golf."
"You know, the three of us, we're all gonna be okay," Papa said. And it was a statement, not a question. Like he was willing it to be true.
"Guys, I'm coming!" Peter croaked past his tight throat, sniffing as more tears threatened to fall. Dad wasn't just worried, he was
Tony's upper lip curled into a sneer. "Not unless you call drowning himself in whisky and mooching off my mom until she dropped of a heart attack ‘recovering’, then no, he didn't." He dropped his gaze to his plate, tearing off another piece of his roll. "Mom worked really hard to keep the roof over our heads once Howard got arrested, but we were still in so much debt when she died that I'll never be able to pay it all off. If it hadn't been for the government deciding that I was worthy enough to attend university, I'm sure we would've been out on the streets as soon as I turned seventeen. Mr Jarvis helped me when he could, but his military pension wasn't huge and I never felt comfortable accepting his credits."
Breathing in as deep a breath as he could manage, Steve attempted to relax his arms and legs, using the biofeedback method he had researched the morning after his first bad nightmare.  Since those nightmares had seen fit to begin tormenting him more and more often lately, he had actually become fairly proficient at the method, and soon found himself actually drifting off again as he tried to refocus the pain burning through his body as a means to stay warm instead of harm.
"Hmm. Well, maybe it's a pheromone thing or something." He trailed his fingertips down the length of Steve's arm, lacing their fingers together and chucking as he did so. Steve's tendency towards being extra sappy was apparently starting to rub off on him. "Now, I thought you were tired?"
"Yeah, I think we're all looking forward to it," said Steve. "It'll be good for the team to decompress a bit."
"But then, I met Peter, and then I met you, and together the two of you took the broken shell of a man that I was and managed to piece me back together with such unconditional love and devotion that I'll never be able to—" He broke off, unable to continue as a single tear tracked down Tony's cheek. "I love you, Anthony Edward Stark, and in front of all of these witnesses, I promise to love you and only you, for the rest of my life."
"I'm here, Tony," Steve said, followed by a huge rush of air. He quickly tapped the commands for his orbit into his navigational computer, unbuckling his mask once JARVIS took over. "I made it through."
—!" He cut off as his huge right foot tripped over a boulder poking out of the ground, landing smack onto his front and skidding for several metres.
"Yeah, you're pretty cool yourself," Tony whispered back. "Now, get outta here before your stomach starts eating itself."
The jazzy tones of the Glenn Miller Band swept through the penthouse only a second later, with Steve's lips twitching in mild amusement as he recognised it.
"Call me, Tony," Tony interrupted. He'd always hated being called Mr Stark as it always made him want to turn around and look for his father. "Please."
Peter shrugged as he launched his backpack at the living room couch, cringing when it sailed right over the back and hit the floor.  “Um… just be yourself?  I know it sounds cheesy, but you're a lot more fun to be around when you're not acting like Obie.”
I do apologise for the longer waits between chapters lately.  My oldest daughter was diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder in October, and trying to figure out her meds and appointments and insurance has become like a full-time job 😞.
Instead of responding Steve ducked his head to kiss him again, sliding his hand under Tony's shoulder.
Tony smirked as he took another sip of his beer. "You know that'll mean fewer distractions for Pete though, right?"
level, not completely level, which in his mind should've been an automatic clue that he was innocent. Because if he in fact had been tampering with the tesseract with the intention of causing an explosion, the resulting fallout would've been massive enough to completely wipe Langara off the planet.
cried Captain Barnes. "Stevie, Danvers, did you see that? I just took that fucker out with only the guns!"
"Oh, yeah," Peter whispered, and Tony winced. At only sixteen, the poor kid had already been through enough nightmare-inducing traumas for three lifetimes.
"And you," Tony said, his voice wobbling ever-so-slightly. He frowned, pressing a hard kiss to Steve's temple. "Babe, I know you probably don't wanna hear this, but we need to get you to the hospital too, okay? I've been trying to get your gloves off of your hands ever since we came over here, and… well… honey, they're fused to your skin. The fabric burned into your skin, and from the melted state of your boots I'm pretty sure that your feet are just as bad, so—"
"Since you are indeed answering these questions under penalty of perjury, I don't believe that will be necessary, Mr Stark," said Davis. He tossed his top paper off to the side, letting it flutter to the floor. "Moving on, then, I was wondering if you might tell us how you came to be involved in the agency known as the Department of Damage Control?"
And while Steve knew it was just another of Tony's defence mechanisms—both Tony and Peter had admitted as such—it still hurt pretty badly in the heat of the moment.
"Well, maybe they can help him get excited about it." said Peter. "Since they'll be the ones actually setting up the satellite system."
Dr Cho cut him off with a nod and raised hand as she pressed her stethoscope to Peter's chest, while Bruce stuck warming packs in Peter's armpits and behind his knees and prepped him for an IV. "There are rales in his lung sounds but he seems to be moving air well, so whatever water is still down there should be able to work out on its own."
"Oh, sure." Peter opened his notebook, skipping over several pages until he came across an impressive drawing of a squirrel sitting on a windowsill.
Tony said again, this time not even trying to hide his whine as Steve finally moved down to his ass, cupping each cheek in one large palm and squeezing gently. He squirmed on the bed, gasping at the friction of the sheets against his crotch as Steve's index finger slipped into his crack, slowly dragging along the length of it. "Honey, now you're just teasing me!"
"Yeah?" Tony said, low and tight. "Well, then thank the gods that I'm nothing like you, because there is no way in
"Gods, I hope you're right," whispered Tony. He sucked in a deep breath, eyeing Steve warily. "This is all your fault, you know. If you hadn't been so goddamn charming, and sweet, and altogether
it! Mr Beck just finished putting the final touches on it only this morning, so why don't we get him into position, all right?"
Howard Stark had apparently helped to create the very serum that had not only saved Steve's life, but had also enabled him to become the top-notch pilot that he was. In addition to his enhanced height, strength, agility, and senses, Steve's reflexes were also much faster than normal, a trait that had turned out to be very useful during a dogfight.
"No, probably not," agreed Tony. "Ah well, who knows. Maybe he'll be extra tired tonight. It was the first day back at school."
"You're welcome," Tony whispered, just as Steve's large hand curled around his shoulder, pulling him into an elated hug.
They also had begun identifying the various questionable SHIELD installations across the globe, with Steve already putting together plans to raid them once Thor, Clint, and Natasha all returned from their other assignments.
“Look, I’m not saying you have to take that particular blonde, just that a blonde usually looks better on your arm when you're in Black Tie,” Obie continued.  “I’m just trying to help you, Tony, so you don't need to bite my head off here.”
A cold sweat broke out across Peter's body, and he let out a hard shiver as he grabbed onto Gwen's hand. "Uhh, I think—I think we need to get back inside now. Like, right
Dad reached for Papa's hand, rubbing his fingers across Papa's knuckles the way he always did when Papa was being extra twitchy. "Now that we know what they're trying we have a bit of an advantage, and we still have the majority of the public opinion on our side too, don't forget that."
"He will," Tony choked out, wishing he could at least wipe the goddamn tears from his eyes. "He will make it, and he's gonna make it again. He's gonna come back."
"Unfortunately there's not much to do for mono besides supportive care, as I'm sure you're aware, being as intelligent as you are," Tony said. "And Pete was sick for over a month the last time he had this, so… I know it sucks, but there's really nothing else we can do about it."
“Gee.  Thanks for the vote of confidence,” Tony muttered.  “Got any suggestions on how I can do that, Mr Relationship Expert?”
"Yes," he repeated. He turned in his chair, locking eyes with Colonel Phillips. "We did it, Colonel. The tesseract is working."
That had only lasted about half a day, however, and thanks to a couple of fierce scowls and a stern talking-to from Uncle Bucky, and another barrage of questions from Uncle Thor as to why JARVIS was having to relay every single question and answer between them, Peter decided to forgive his dads and attempt to move on.
As soon as the final word was uttered Peter's eyes rolled back into his head and he went completely rigid on the bed, almost as though he was having a fit of some kind. Tony let out a frightened noise, taking one step towards him before Steve grabbed him around the waist, halting him.
"No, no, I won't," said Uncle Bruce. "Hey, you take it easy, okay? I'm gonna give you back to your dad now."
"Then we'll just have to make sure that he doesn't get them," Steve said in his Captain's voice. He glanced down at Tony, quirking an eyebrow. "Tony?"
"Move in where?" asked Peter as he lifted his head, his eyebrows scrunched together. "We got a new house?"
Dad came up to Papa then, slipping his hand into the crook of Papa's elbow. "C'mon, honey, you've been on your feet long enough."
Steve smiled, that wide, crinkly-eyed smile that made Tony so weak in the knees it would've been embarrassing as hell if Steve had had anything that resembled an ego. But somehow—and Tony had yet to figure out exactly
“Yeah, well, not for lack of trying, right?” Obie said, so coldly that Tony’s heart skipped.  “I mean, they almost got the whole damn thing straight from the horse’s mouth!”  He shot Tony a look, one so cold and accusatory that Tony’s hands clenched into fists.
Apparently Justin Hammer, and Quentin Beck, for that matter, had thought it was a good idea to put their suits' secondary power relay in a vulnerable spot. It was the ultimate in arrogance to think that nothing would ever be able to actually get behind the suit to target it, since severing that connection was enough to cause a catastrophic power failure in the entire thing.
"Mmm," Tony murmured, blinking his eyes open as Steve moved to get off the bed. His fingers curled around Steve's wrist, holding him in place. "Where d'ya think you're going, hot stuff?"
"I'm sorry, Tony, but not exactly," Sam cut in. Tony immediately turned on him, and Sam raised his hands. "Hey, without Steve here I'm supposed to think like the Captain, so… I'm just wondering if we can actually trust this location is all. I mean, how do we know that Peter didn't leave this here just to throw us off?"
But even better than that was the expression on his radiant face, one that caused tears to prick Steve's eyes.
And it still worked even now, apparently, because barely a minute later Peter felt himself start to drift off. He forced one eye open, glancing up at Dad to find him with his eyes closed and his head tipped back against the headboard. He wasn't completely relaxed, with his tight jawline and stiff shoulders, but it was the closest he'd been since Papa was taken away, and Peter knew it was probably the best that he would get until Papa came home again.
Peter instinctively wrinkled his nose. "I don't really have an opinion on how hot my parents are, or any of the rest of them. They're just my parents."
Gwen sniffed again, nodding before she blew her nose. "Yes, I will. Thank you, Captain. And I hope—I hope Mr Stark will be okay soon."
, babe, have you looked at yourself in the mirror lately? But having abs of steel and arms strong enough to lift the Quinjet still doesn't disqualify you from nightmares, as not-awesome as that is. And, if I do say so, you're usually so concerned about everyone else's mental health that you tend to forget about your own."
“Better?” Steve murmurs as his arm comes to rest on Tony’s waist.  He should’ve known that they would fit so perfectly together.  Like two lost pieces of the same puzzle.
"Not everyone has all of the opportunities that you do, Peter," Gwen cut in, giving her economics notebook a particularly hard shove into her backpack. "Some of us actually have to work our butts off in order to get noticed by the big-name colleges that your father probably has in his back pocket."
Tony thought, rolling his eyes as he peeked over the edge of the platform. He was busily studying the shimmering spikes when he suddenly felt something odd tap him on the shoulder. Whipping around, Tony raised his repulsor to find the wizard's long maroon cloak hovering in midair, almost like it was awaiting orders or something.
Peter offered Gwen his arm as they stepped through the doors, grateful that he'd at least remembered to bring his earplugs to help dull down the booming music. It was just after 8pm, which meant he had about forty-five minutes before he'd have to leave. He had purchased a cheap plane ticket to Savannah, Georgia during school earlier that day which departed from JFK Airport at 1030pm, so Peter was going to have to hustle in order to get there on time. He had already cloned his phone, hiding the duplicate underneath a loose floor tile in one of the boys' restrooms, and had stashed a change of clothes in his locker so he wouldn't have to wear his nice suit on the plane. His new black Spider-Man suit was already underneath his clothes, with the mask tucked down inside the neckline.
"Steve was doing his job," said Uncle Bruce. "Just like you and I would have if we'd've been there. Although, I probably would've made an even bigger mess than the HYDRA guys ended up making, so… maybe it was a good thing that I wasn't there."
"Aww, but it's just not fair!" Ned insisted, thankfully a bit quieter. "I mean, I always kinda thought that Wakanda wasn't even a real place. You know, like Atlantis, or that Nidavellir place that you read about in your mythology books, and now you're telling me you guys get to spend spring break down there? And what'll come after that, space? Some other planet that we've never even heard of? I mean… geez! How come I can't have parents who are superheroes? I'd give just about anything to see a place like Wakanda! Just once!"
"Yes. He refused to help them, said he would rather die first," Wanda said. "His parents were killed in a work camp during one of the last big wars, so… the thought of working for people like that, he just—he couldn't take it." A tear rolled down Wanda's cheek that she quickly brushed away. "He tried to escape here one night, but he—this place, there wasn't enough metal in it for him to be able to get out, not with me and my brother, so they caught him again, and—"
Steve propped himself up on his elbow and gently turned Tony's face towards him, the lustful gleam in his blue eyes apparent even in the dim light of their bedroom. "Is that an invitation?"
This was going to be when he proposed, first to Peter, and then to Tony, and while intellectually he knew that the chances of either of them turning down his proposals were slim, a small, very nervous part of him still believed that they might say no.
But as Tony held Steve in his arms later that night, unable to calm his racing mind enough to fall asleep, he couldn't help but think about what 'whatever it takes', was going to end up taking from them next.
Next week’s chapter will post on Wednesday, November 25th, as both this week and next week are going to be extra busy at my house.
"Ma was an active-duty nurse up until about a year ago, sweetheart, and she was a damn good one," added Steve. "She kept me alive for eighteen years when a lot of doctors told her that I'd be dead long before then, so I know she would take excellent care of Peter."
“I know a family is still a family even if the parents aren’t married,” he began.  “But, Tony, if it’s okay with you, I would really love it if you would do me the honour of becoming my husband.  I love you, and I love this family that we’ve built together, and I want it to be official.”
As soon as they tucked Peter into bed, Tony took Steve’s hand and led him to their bedroom, outfitted in furnishings and fabrics in varying shades of blue, Steve’s favourite colour.  And there, on their brand-new bed as snowflakes fell outside the windows, Tony made love to Steve for the next three hours, showing him over and over again just how much he loved him.
Wars and conflicts weren’t just going to go away on their own, after all, and since the difference between war and peace often came down to whoever wielded the bigger stick, it was imperative that Stark Industries, the main weapons manufacturer for the U.S. Military, constantly came up with bigger and better stick designs to ensure that the military could always maintain the upper hand in whatever conflict occupied their attention at the moment.
"Then I will be sure to go for the head," Thor said firmly. "And I assure you, Rabbit, I will not miss."
," Tony breathed, already a bit lightheaded from the warm, humid air and the deluge of sensation coursing through his body. He reached around Steve's body to grab his ass, giving it a hard squeeze and delighting in the high-pitched squeak he pulled from his husband's throat. "Just tell me where and how."
"Tony, I think we should table this for tomorrow," Papa said, shooting Dad a rather pointed look. "Right now I think we should get Peter into his room with some heating pads and some hot chocolate and just let him rest, okay?"
"Uhh, sure," Bruce said, clearing his throat. "Your Highness, based on what I saw, I think we can expect quite a big assault. Thanos is the most powerful creature in the universe, and if the size of the ship that he attacked us with is any indication, his army is massive."
"At the risk of being a bit too sentimental for this crowd, or delaying the inevitable chow-down that I'm about to witness," Steve began. "I just wanted to let all of you know how grateful I am for each and every one of you. Our jobs are hard, and I know that I ask a lot of you every time we go out into the field. But I also know that there's no way this team would be the same without any of you. Thanks to your hard work and dedication, we are a well-oiled machine, ready to take on whatever the world throws at us next." He shot a quick glance at Tony, smiling at him over his coffee mug. "To the Avengers, our team. And, like the many enemies that we've vanquished, may we leave this dinner table crying for mercy by the time we're done here."
"Yeah, honey, I love it," Tony whispered as he looked down at the shiny band encircling his finger. He smoothed Steve's too-long hair from his eyes, cupping his stubbled cheek. "Almost as much as I love you."
"Holy shit," Peter said as the words practically jumped out at him from the screen, like a poor-man's version of 3-D. It was still written in Russian, but from what little of the language he had managed to pick up thanks to Uncle Bucky and Auntie Nat, Peter could tell these were actual words written in the Cyrillic alphabet, instead of just random combinations of characters.
And now there was yet another Langaran test-pilot widow, and yet another Langaran child growing up without a father.
"Don't be afraid to grovel," said Bucky. He gave Steve a rather knowing wink. "Just between you and me, I've been known to do that from time to time."
"Because it wasn't yet time," Dr Strange said, a bit gentler. "But I promise you, it is now. We must get to Wakanda."
In the meantime, spending time with Peter had already considerably brightened both Bucky and Sam’s moods.  Especially when he started referring to them as ‘Uncle Sam’ and ‘Uncle Bucky’ after only knowing them for a couple of days.
"Oh man, I am definitely looking forward to that again," Bucky said as they exited the hangar, heading for the locker room. "That was incredible!"
"A fact I happened to notice, even though I'm the subject of those files," Steve said sharply. "That doesn't seem fair to me."
"Yeah, and he thinks the exact same thing about you," Peter said firmly. "He's even told me so. You really have nothing to worry about, Dad. I
"Or, HYDRA didn't care if they were killed or not, as long as they completed the mission," Bucky said with a scowl. "Seems like they're getting pretty desperate if they're using disposable soldiers now."
And, if it also happened to help Tony live a bit longer, well, then that was perfectly fine with Steve.
"Yeah, hon, I kinda already guessed that since you're not currently glistening with sweat," Tony said with a wink. "Still waiting on the why, though."
"You all right?" Dr Strange asked as he scrambled up, offering Peter a hand just as Dad came zooming back in, rapid-firing missiles from the back of his armour, engulfing Thanos in a massive orange fireball. But only a second later Peter's relief turned to shock as he watched Thanos somehow absorb the fireball into the gauntlet and shoot it right back towards his father.
Steve huffed out a sharp breath, his shoulders sagging. "Well, can you at least tell me if there's any of the serum left? I know the project was originally designed for six participants, but—"
“Oh, thank you,” Steve whispered as he patted Peter’s back, the boy he was proud to call his son.  “Thank you, little guy.  I love you so much.”
"Yes, sir," Tony said. He quickly gathered up his papers, tucking them under his arm as he hurried from the hangar.
going to tell you that this flight you're about to undertake could quite possibly be the most important flight that you ever take in your entire lives. I am also
Peter said, because he did.  Papa had spent the last year showering both Peter and Dad with so much love and affection that sometimes Peter felt like he might drown in it.  He’d even booked a table at their very favourite restaurant on Peter’s fourteenth birthday, the Friday before Obie’s trial began, just so he could ask Peter if it was okay for him to formally adopt him.
"Ya coming, Stevie?" he said, smirking. "I'm sure Mr Stark has other things to do besides sit around here while you stare at him."
"Thank you," Steve said. He didn't bother adding that he knew Tony had already looked through the data at least once while he'd been awake the night before, and that he hadn't liked what he'd found.
"No," Steve said, sounding so much like a snarky Peter that Tony almost did a double-take. "No, I'm not gonna just let you sit here and brood all night over something that you had absolutely no control over."
"I'm not gonna let it happen," he murmured under his breath, a bit too loudly when Papa turned towards him, one eyebrow raised in question.
"Wanna see you," he whispered as he tugged impatiently on the shirt. Steve took the hint, reaching behind him to tug the shirt off over his head, tossing it onto the floor. Tony's breath hitched as his hands roamed freely across the soft skin and hard muscle of Steve's pecs, brushing his thumbs lightly across his nipples.
He was a former soldier, after all.  Well used to the imprint of teeth marks on his tongue as he snapped to attention yet again.
Tony thought as Peter pushed the stretcher out of the building, loading it into the medical chopper.
"Oh, I know that," Steve said as he pinched the bridge of his nose. "And I wouldn't expect anything less from him. I just—Nat, he shouldn't have to be! This was supposed to be a fun weekend for him, getting to spend some time with his lady friend, and now—"
"Well, yes," Thor answered. "I believe you Midgardians also share bedtime stories with your offspring, do you not?"
"Too late!" Thanos suddenly growled, catching the gauntlet just before it would've passed over his fingertips. Launching Gamora and Dad off to opposite sides, he immediately grabbed onto Mantis's leg, throwing her from his shoulders. Then he ripped off Dr Strange's ropes and leaped towards Peter, grabbing him around the neck.
And to make things even better, once again Ms Sharon had heard all of it too, causing her to act even more smothering with him. Most of the time he didn't mind the extra attention that he got from her, but he hated that she felt like she had to get even more lovey with him after he'd overheard more bad news.
"All right, then," Steve said, rather awkwardly. "Mr Stacy, it was nice to meet you, sir. I hope you have a good rest of your day."
“Oh, I’m sure,” Tony says, rather resignedly.  He flashes his warmest smile at the old Italian lady.  “Good thing we have you to take care of us, eh, Mags?”
“You’re welcome,” the man said as he picked up his book again, opening it back up with the same slow, calculated movements he’d used when he set it down.
Steve winced, squeezing Tony's hand. Tony had told him a little about his life before Peter was born, about how different he'd been back then, but not all that much, and Steve had never really felt like asking for more specifics than Tony had offered.
"Ah, sure." Peter's breath hitched when Gwen took his hand, lacing their fingers together as they walked over to the refreshments table. She was such an awesome girl, and he was already feeling horrible for having to ditch her.
"But you are," Natasha cut in, her expression morphing into one of such anticipation that Steve's belly swooped. "He's talking about somehow reversing the snap. Of bringing everybody back. And in order to do that, we'd need—"
"You like that, don't you, baby?" Tony whispered as he did it again, waggling his eyebrows when Steve let out another moan. "Yeah, I know you do."
"She won't find it," Steve cut in. "They're not gonna fire it again, not now when there's all kinds of eyes looking for it."
"Sam went right in front of me, Steve," James said softly. "I tried to reach him, but by the time… there was just nothing left but ash."
"Yeah, yeah, hot stuff," Tony said with a wink. Steve chuckled as Peter immediately rolled his eyes, leaning down to press another kiss to Tony's lips.
Rhodey leaned closer, lowering his voice. "O'Brien said that as long as you can come up with all of the simulations that they've asked for, then he'll go ahead and authorise the conversion of three of the X-302 aircraft."
But as incredible of a gift the box was, it gained a large measure of bittersweetness when, after Ma’s death, Steve discovered that she had also commissioned a second box, in preparation for the medals that Steve was supposed to win when he defended those three Olympic titles.
“Oh, I can’t remember the exact name of it off the top of my head,” said Obie.  “You know, some Chief of the Army who’s gettin’ some award, or something like that.  Lots of brass’ll be there, though, so you’re gonna have to be on your A-game for schmoozing.  I’d recommend a blonde this time, they always seem to compliment you better than brunettes.  Maybe you can take that chick from
"I see, Captain," Davis said with such a smug look that Tony felt a wave of nausea pass through him. "And if I may, what exactly is your opinion on the Spider-Man?"
"No, but you probably didn't tell her that you weren't supposed to be—you know what, nevermind." Tony let out a heavy sigh as he stepped into the family hug. "I'm too tired to argue with you about this, Pete, but you absolutely cannot say anything about Papa's mission until he says it's okay, you got that?"
With wide eyes, Steve hurried over to the food line, barely noticing what he was grabbing as he filled his tray.
"Okay Control, JARVIS says I'm three minutes away from my go/no-go point," Steve said. "I'm running my final calculations now."
"Tony, it's—it's Peter!" Steve choked out, his fingers curled around Tony's arm, clinging to him as if his very life depended on it. "I didn't—I didn't catch him! I didn't—and then he
"What the fuck is wrong with you goddamn people!" Tony screamed, anguish hitting him the chest like a spear when Peter curled into a ball in his lap, his hands clasped tightly over his ears.
"Okay, and part of that preparation includes the very best uniforms and equipment that I can come up with," said Tony. "And for you, me, and Pete, that includes nanotech uniforms."
As he continued his search, Tony's mind buzzed with details, as well as various offshoots of potential problems that might arise. It was a testimony to how much Steve had managed to influence him over their years together that Tony was trying to even come up with a plan, instead of simply winging it like he'd done on all of his initial missions as Iron Man.
“Well, Captain… Rogers, was it?  I must say that that’s a very tragic story.  However,” and he dragged his eyes over to Tony, narrowing them into slits, “I’m still unsure as to what any of this has to do with me.  So unless you have something else that’s of interest, I'm afraid that I must ask you all to leave now so that Tony and I can—”
Tony's eyebrows knitted together as he reached for one of the waters, stifling another cough. "Honey, we've talked about this. I need to—"
Tony thought as he let out a confused groan, one that grew instantly louder as he pulled onto the street and the bright morning sun hit him square in the face.
What Steve wasn't prepared for was for Tony to emerge from the bathroom shirtless, something he hadn't done since before the Battle of Wakanda. Nor was he prepared for him to slide underneath the covers and immediately crawl into Steve's lap, pressing his lips to Steve's before he even knew what was happening. Steve whimpered as Tony licked into his mouth, his hands curling around Tony's slender waist as Tony's fingertips glided down Steve's front to slip underneath his thin tank top.
"Mmm," Peter said as he rubbed at his nose, briefly disrupting his oxygen tubes. "And what do you like to do when you're not patrolling?"
"Tony," Steve said quietly, turning to his husband. "Sweetheart, we need to get Peter back to the Tower. Right now. We can call George Stacy to look after him, but I don't want him out there in the city while—while—"
“Then whose was it!” yelped Dad.  “If not mine, then whose?  I should’ve known something, or… suspected
"Yeah." Peter fell silent then, his eyes narrowing as he studied the hologram floating in front of them. "How's this coming?"
“Mmm, you and me both, honey,” Tony said as he pecked Steve’s lips again.  “How in the hell did our lives get so damn busy anyway?”
"Fine," Peter said into Steve's chest. "Are you gonna try and go back to sleep when you get home, though? 'Cause, no offence, but you seem like you could use it."
“Yes, sir,” replied JARVIS.  “However, I do believe Mr Stane will be pleased with the results of your successful simulation.”
"Hey," Tony murmured, sliding his fingertips over Steve's lips. "But you did, okay? Pete's gonna be okay, Bruce and Helen both said so. You caught him, honey. You caught him before he could fall."
"All right, then," said Dad. "Go on and have some fun. Or, at least as much fun as you can have in a house filled with geeks eating pizza and drinking Dr Pepper." He glanced over at Ned, eyeing the hat he was wearing. "Nice hat by the way, Mr Leeds. Looks very… distinguished."
"I had my reasons," snapped Phillips. "Not the least of which was not wanting to upset Sarah any more than she was already. The serum was sound and the procedure was foolproof. Stark's involvement with its development was not necessary information."
"Yeah, I think I'm gonna get going too, Steve," said Sam, nudging him in the arm. "I got some stuff to go over before we start that fancy new class tomorrow."
What he wouldn't give to have Tony even speak to him at all. Acknowledge that he still existed, even if he wished that Peter had made it instead of Steve.
"Yeah, but surviving's not the same as living," said Tony. A soft smile spread across his lips as he remembered Mr Jarvis telling him something similar the day he turned seventeen. "Which is why as soon as Pete's better, the three of us are gonna move out to that cabin on the lake and start doing some living. Yeah?"
“Buddy, I know Steve’s not okay,” Tony said, clearing his throat.  “But… I don't think we can help him the way that he needs.  He needs more than we can give him, and—”
"It's okay now, Papa, I've got you," Peter said, tears stinging his eyes as Papa attempted to open his, nearly swollen shut and so bruised they were almost black. The uniform he was wearing had the HYDRA symbol stretched across the chestplate, but it was so covered in blood and dust that it was barely recognisable.
"You're thinking because of all the extra scrutiny we're under that someone might find out about it and use it against us?" Steve asked.
Aside from Thor, who was an actual god, Steve was the closest that living, breathing humanoids came to being indestructible.
A wall that actually turned out to be a human. A tall, blond-haired and blue-eyed human who from the feel of him was built from something a lot harder than normal flesh and bone.
Tony’s lower lip was trembling as his eyes flicked from his and Steve’s joined hands to the titanium ring etched in thin stripes of blue and red, sparkling in the dim light of the pub.
"What did your papa mean about sensing something weird?" Ned asked as they approached the door. "I've never heard him say that to you before."
He left the rest of his sentence unfinished, but Tony caught his meaning anyway. Being with his friend would force Peter to act as if everything was fine, a tactic that Tony was all-too-familiar with.
"Well… no, Steve, we can't be a hundred percent positive," said Bruce. "I mean, we're working with a hundred and fifty year-old Russian Bible that's got at least seven different language dialects within the translation, and that's not even including all the different variations of the modern translations. So no, we can't be absolutely sure. But I also can't see how we're wrong about this either."
Thank you so much for all of the wonderful comments!  I’m so glad you guys are enjoying the story!  💖
"Peter, it's okay," Papa said soothingly as he drew him to his side. "Whatever it is, we'll be ready."
"Okay, bud, just… calm down, okay?" Tony said. He huffed out a sharp breath, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Pete—"
"And you need to stop downplaying it all the time!" Steve snapped, a bit too forcefully when Tony's head jerked back in surprise. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that, but please, don't do that, okay? Don't always try and deflect it away when I give you a compliment. Please?" He brought Tony's hand to his lips, kissing his knuckles. "I love you, and I'm so grateful for you and for everything that you do, and I don't only mean the glasses. I mean everything that you do for me, and for Peter, and for the rest of the team. We wouldn't be half as good at what we do if it wasn't for you, and that is a fact."
Peter nodded, leaning back against the pillows and closing his eyes. Through the windows, Steve could see Bruce inputting his final settings and commands, with Natasha and Clint standing off to the side in the anteroom. His heart swelled a bit at the fact that almost their entire family had insisted on being there to support Peter. James hadn't been able to get away from D.C. and Thor had been called away the day before for yet another issue with his brother, but even they had both taken the time to get in touch with Peter to wish him luck.
Heat bloomed across Steve’s chest, and he dipped his head, brushing his lips across Tony’s in a gentle kiss.
“Thirty minutes,” Steve whispers as he drapes his towel across his neck and gathers up his warm-up suit.  Thirty minutes gives him just enough time to do a quick cool down and talk to Phillips, who no doubt will have a few somethings to say about his race.
Tony's belly gave a swoop at the mention of Bucky, but he chose to ignore it, stamping the ugly green demon back down into the dirt where it belonged.
"Yeah," he finally whispered. "Okay." He cleared his throat, tucking his head back under Steve's chin. "But that confounded noise doesn't mean that you have to get up or something now, does it?"
"Hmph," Peter grumbled under his breath as he picked up his tablet, opening the file he'd created for his Government assignment earlier that day. He was supposed to look through the various bills scheduled for debate in the Senate and come up with his own opinions on how he believed the debate might go, based on who was sponsoring the bill, what the bill entailed, and how many people could eventually be affected by it. It seemed to be a rather dull assignment, but since his Government teacher was a rather dull person, he supposed he shouldn't be too surprised.
The circles grew to include most of the New England coastline, along with all of Maryland, Virginia, and a good portion of the North Carolina coastline.
Wanda's frightened eyes went wide, and she swallowed hard, closing her hands into tight fists as she nodded.
The hologram flickered as it became overlaid with a similar schematic in red, displaying what appeared to be a fully-functional component.
Wrapping his arms around his front, Steve slammed the back of his head into the wall, trying to knock himself out. But like a cruel joke, all he managed to do was magnify the pounding in his head to an even more unbearable level.
"You mean the new king," Peter said. He tipped his head back, looking up at his papa so adoringly that Tony's heart lurched. "'Cause wasn't their king just killed?"
Steve's eyebrows shot up, and he leaned closer, lowering his voice. "Oh, really? Does that mean Colonel Phillips has already decided on who's going?"
"Well, he does play baseball too, and he drives a motorcycle," said Dad. "And he goes out for a run every single morning, which I still don't understand how anyone can find that appealing, but hey, it'd probably be like freaky scary if he was too perfect, don't you think?"
As much as it hurt to leave him behind, Steve knew it was still the right thing to do, and he knew Tony thought so as well. Peter had already been targeted by their enemies way too many times for Steve and Tony to feel comfortable leaving him unless it was absolutely necessary, and until Steve believed otherwise, it was not absolutely necessary.
heard is an answer to my question!” barked Tony.  “What is the plan for getting Steve out of there?”
The only difference between the new bike and the original was that this one had a second seat, so Tony would be able to ride on it with Steve once they got home.
Tony chuckled as his son instantly transformed into the perfect gentleman as Rhodey introduced him to Carol, his “It’s really awesome to meet you!” bringing proud smiles to both Tony and Steve’s faces.
"—that by the time you get approval from the government it should all be ready," Peter finished. "I mean it, Dad. This has to happen, and not just for me. If this works every single living thing on the planet will benefit, and that's worth a lot more than just one person."
"Peter!" Steve shrieked, immediately clutching his sore chest. "Oh God, Peter, are you all right? Where's Dad, little guy, why aren't you with him?"
"And I'm sure you can guess the rest, mo grá, you're pretty smart," Steve murmured. He was already cursing their twelve-plus hours flight time. "But why does your undersuit have to be so form-fitting?"
he rasped as he saw what appeared to be a massive circular-shaped spaceship hovering in the air over some buildings, about twenty or so blocks away.
As soon as the door had closed behind Pepper, Tony slumped back in his chair, pressing his palm over his skittering heart.
After finishing his food, Steve bid his still-bickering friends goodbye and headed back to Shuri's lab to find his husband and son both sound asleep on Tony's table. Peter, who was only a few centimetres shorter than Tony now, was curled up against Tony's left side with his head resting on Tony's chest and a handful of Tony's shirt clutched in his fist. Tony's arm was draped protectively across him, his thumb hooked through one of the belt loops on Peter's jeans.
“Always a pleasure, Mags,” Tony says.  He chuckles as Mags tugs him down so she can kiss his cheek, planting another kiss on Peter’s before reaching underneath his hood to ruffle his hair.
"Oh yeah. Captain America: the greatest military strategist who ever lived," said Gwen. "Isn't that what the chapter in our book was called?"
"Uh, are you sure about this, Cap?" Sam asked as he piloted the Quinjet over the skies of Africa. They were aiming for the coordinates transmitted to them by King T'Challa's security people, but from what Tony could see, there was absolutely nothing below them that resembled anything that looked like a country, much less a highly technologically advanced country.
Sucking in a deep breath, Steve glanced over at T'Challa, whose expression hadn't wavered in the slightest. If anything, he appeared even more determined to defend his home.
“Right.  ‘Cause I’m not already?” Peter muttered as he picked up a single popped kernel, eyeing it like it had somehow offended him before popping it into his mouth.  Tony watched him as he chewed, biting down on his own bottom lip as he tried to keep his gurgling emotions in check.
"S'eve? What's—okay?" Tony mumbled as he shifted under Steve's arm, turning to face him. Guilt flashed through Steve's body like a flare as Tony's eyes struggled to blink open, finally giving up as his palm thudded on Steve's shoulder. "What's—what's—?"
“Eh eh eh!” Tony exclaimed, holding up his hand.  “There’s no need for any ‘howevers’ here, is there?”
He felt Steve's smile against his temple. Steve always loved hearing stories about Peter's childhood, and would often ask Tony for them on particularly bad nights.
"He—he's got a heart condition," Tony forced past the knot in his throat. "ASD and partial anomalous PVR."
Natasha rolled her eyes, giving Clint another sharp elbow to the leg before getting to her feet. "C'mon, Hawkeye. Wheels up at 0500, and I still have to bleach my hair."
"Which is something that you could've simply asked me directly," Phillips said. "Now, cut the crap and tell me the real reason why, hmm? So we can all get on with our evening?"
Papa flinched as a shiny blue light suddenly flickered across the lenses of the glasses, his eyes going wide as soft humming noise filled the lab.
"Thor!" Steve practically squeaked as he finally scrambled up to his feet. But Thor paid him no attention as he began marching towards the two aliens still standing by the open force shield, picking up speed with each step as his companions took off after him.
Which was also the year that Tony had started phasing JARVIS into the rest of Stark Industries. Having finally worked out most of the bugs with the UI at home, Tony began implementing JARVIS into the SI mainframe in small stages over the course of several months. He had also implemented pretty strict—at least at the time—safeguards against tampering, but he supposed it wouldn't have been too difficult for someone who knew what they were doing to make some minor changes to JARVIS's programming without his knowledge.
Panic washed over Steve like a tsunami, stealing all the air from his lungs. If HYDRA had already managed to capture Peter, then that probably meant they had Tony as well, and then—
"So, you wanna tell me what's wrong?" she asked as they headed out of the gym. "I don't think I've ever seen you drop your pen as many times as you did today during practise, and you've been acting funny ever since you got to school."
"Yes, he did," Steve said with a heavy sigh. "He made me promise that I wouldn't take him anywhere unless he got much worse."
"Good idea, Captain Barnes," said Anthony. "Now, you might've noticed in the X-302 flight manuals that those aircraft are using a brand-new power source that not only is far lighter and less noisy than conventional jet fuel, but also semi-renewable."
“What?” Tony yelped.  He glanced down at his front, growling in frustration when his eyes fell on a list of AC/DC tour dates from late 1990 and early 1991 instead of their
"Steve, c'mere," Tony said softly. He tugged on Steve's hair, bringing his head up so he could kiss him. "I'm—I'm—"
—even more work from him. Three additional simulation programs for the X-302, an update on the performance of the X-301s, his opinion if the X-204s were ready to be retired or if they could still be utilised for possible combat manoeuvre training—
"Nevermind that!" Blaster Guy yelped, his arm tightening around Peter's neck. "What the hell are you guys doing here?"
Finished with his dusting, Steve crossed the item off of his list and checked the clock.  Only ten more minutes till closing time, and then he could go home with his boyfriend and the boy he thought of as his son and cook them all a homemade lasagna dinner.
"Yeah, and you're the one who was just telling Steve that we still need to play by the rules, Barton," Tony snapped. "So which is it?"
"Mmm," Tony groaned as Steve's long, deft fingers worked their magic, turning his back and shoulder muscles to jelly. Out of the corner of one eye Tony watched his beloved boyfriend, his features etched in concentration in the faint moonlight streaming in the window, and the pink tip of his tongue poking between his teeth, just like it always did when he sketched.
And yet, even in his terror, even as he struggled against what had to be absolutely excruciating pain in his attempt to keep himself whole, his last words were meant for his daddy, to help comfort him.
Tony watched as Steve's throat bobbed as he struggled to swallow, his tight jaw twitching. "Yes, I know," he said softly, clearing his throat. "So, if this theory is true, then have we identified the water monster yet?"
Peter exclaimed. "Why isn't there a way? Uncle Sam doesn't care that you lost an arm, 'cause he didn't only love your arm! He loves all of you!"
He felt Steve's lips press against the top of his head. "Tony, it's all right," he whispered. "I'm right here."
"Which means you'd better start looking for a place to stay for the night," Bucky said. "'Cause you aren't coming back."
If Steve thought the sound of his leg breaking was horrifying, the sound of it popping back into place is about a thousand times worse.  The slide of the jagged ends of the bone against his bruised and bleeding skin accompanied by the hair-raising
The flash of brilliant white light that followed Tony's snap was blinding, the rippling echoes of it amplified across the entire plain as the six infinity gems dropped to the ground and Tony collapsed against Steve, his entire right side sparking and sizzling like he'd been burned with one of Peter's Bunsen burners. Steve's own right side was burning and tingling too, but he completely ignored the intense pain as he gathered his husband into his arms, brushing the damp, matted hair from his forehead.
"I didn't jump right back in to committing crimes," Lang snapped, immediately clapping his hand over his mouth. "Oh, wait, I—I didn't mean it like that, Cap—Captain. Rogers. I just… look. I went to prison because I got caught trying to do what I believed was the right thing. And I accepted that. I accepted the fact that maybe I could've tried a different way to fix what was broken, a way that wouldn't have kept me away from my daughter. I mean, she was still a toddler when I got locked up, so that really was pretty stupid of me. And it also cost me my marriage, but… that's a whole other story. Anyway, once I got out I tried to get a job so I could pay off my back child support, but… it's not easy for a convicted felon to get a job that pays enough, and especially in San Francisco, and since I'm never gonna be allowed to work in my field again, I—I guess I just got desperate. I mean, my wife's new fiancé is a cop, and God knows he'd like nothing more than to toss me right back into that prison and lock me away forever."
Tony nods into Steve’s chest, letting out a soft chuckle.  “Well.  Guess I should’ve asked you about that a long time ago, yeah?”
, Peter thought as he pushed open the door, noticing that its accompanying chime wasn't the high-pitched sound he’d been expecting.  It was much lower, almost like the sound that certain metals made while underwater.
"Oh my God!" Peter breathed into his polar bear's neck, his belly swooping at finding his own name spelled out in a HYDRA document. "They really were trying to get me?"
"I love you too, babe," he whispered. He slowly trailed his fingers in feather-light strokes up Steve's arms, then down his chest to his waistband, tugging impatiently. "And we're both still wearing way too many clothes."
And, for all of his internal grumbling, Steve is grateful to have the position.  While it does possess a lot of its stereotypical attributes, Empire State is a nice enough place to work.  Steve’s superiors treat him well, staying mostly hands-off and allowing him to run his department as he sees fit, and his co-workers are excellent.  Even people he would consider friends.
"But we still had JARVIS randomise stuff for us," Peter added as his mask retracted, his sweat-dampened curls springing up in all directions. "Otherwise it wouldn't have been fair."
"At the moment nothing besides getting this baby up in the air," Steve answered. "So if you don't mind, I'd like to—"
Their way that included watching old home videos of Peter, and laughing at his silly toddler and little-kid antics. Of going through his room, and then deciding that they weren't quite ready to do anything with it just yet. Of still occasionally crying, and yelling, and even screaming at the unfairness of it all. At the unfairness of losing so much time that they could've had with him.
"I'm afraid these odds seem pretty insurmountable, Buck," he said quietly. "But that doesn't mean I'm going down without a fight."
There were still about ten minutes remaining before he expected Steve, so Tony decided to crawl back into the bed, propping the pillows behind him before reaching for his glasses that were resting on the bedside table, on top of what looked like a sketchbook. With a rather wry grin, Tony picked up the sketchbook and began flipping through it, noting that Steve seemed to be just as talented at drawing as Peter, something that Tony hadn't thought was possible.
"Yeah, me too, but honey, we'd also absolutely have to get Pete somewhere safer than that hospital bed of his, because—" He broke off, looking away as tears rolled down his cheeks. "Because if anything were to happen to him, or to you, I don't—I don't—"
"No, Dad, he hasn't," said Peter. "I'm not sure what he's been eating, but he's never tried to skim anything of mine."
"Stand by," JARVIS said as the camera slowly zoomed closer. Peter's heart started to thud as the sharpening pixels revealed the dark grey outline of a building the size of most hockey arenas.
"Good," said Dad, just as Peter heard Uncle Bruce call out Dad's name in the background. "We gotta get going, bud, okay? We'll call again once we're on our way home."
Steve rasped, gasping as a burst of pleasure shot down his spine like a rocket. "Please, mo grá, I need your gorgeous mouth on me! Teastaíonn uaim tú a thabhairt dom teacht!"
"Peter! Oh my God, are you okay?" Gwen shrieked as she practically dove onto the ground next to Peter, reaching a tentative hand towards his cheek but then changing her mind as she glanced in Papa's direction. "I thought you had gotten trapped in there or something, so I told my dad to—" She paused as she noticed Peter's bleed-soaked sleeves and scraped-up fingers. "Oh my God, you're bleeding! Mr Stark, he's bleeding, aren't you gonna take him to the hospital?"
All of which would create literally thousands of jobs, covering most of the planet. And, thanks to Colonel Phillips, who at the request of the new Langaran president had agreed to stay on as Commander of the Air Corps, Dad was now in charge of overseeing the design and manufacture of both the new commercial airliners and the airports themselves, while Papa had already been tasked with overseeing the training of the hundreds of new potential pilots in both classroom instruction and practical flying experience.
“Dad!” Peter hisses, rolling his eyes when Dad just laughs.  They quickly fall into step behind Mr Rogers, who leads them down the stairs to the first sub level.  Peter can smell the chlorine coming from the pool area even before Mr Rogers opens the door, his eyes going wide when they step out onto the pool deck to find the university’s swimming team just finishing up an afternoon practise.
"Uh huh." Peter gave a sigh as he leaned back against the seat, briefly closing his eyes. He wished he could be more excited about the dance, especially since Gwen seemed to be, but at the moment all he could think about was the fact that Papa wasn't going to be there to see him get ready, and that it seemed almost wrong for him to be having fun while his papa was missing.
Steve grinned, shaking his head as his two friends continued their bantering. He had never personally visited New Orleans, but he'd heard enough about the area to know that he probably wouldn't enjoy it very much in the dog days of summer.
"Eh, guess it's not too bad," Tony said to his reflection once he was done. He'd try to squeeze in a shower later, once the simulator sessions were done and before he headed out to visit Peter. The cadets' locker room was usually pretty quiet during that time of day.
Tears welled in Steve's eyes, spilling down his cheeks before he even realised they were there. And Tony said
"You know, this was not part of my plan," Steve said as he practically ripped Tony's shirt from his body, dipping his head to trail kisses all across the scars littering Tony's sternum, framed by the chain that held Steve's dog tags. "You're just incorrigible. You know that, right? What am I going to do with you?"
"Shit!" Bucky cried, audibly sighing in relief a second later. "Gods, Stevie, I thought you were a goner there for a second!"
"I think myself, Sam, Bucky, and Nat should be enough," Steve replied, earning an affirmative nod from both Bucky and Sam. "If for some reason something else goes down, then Tony, Bruce, and Clint can always join us later."
"Then you don't have to, little guy," Steve said firmly. He placed his own hands over Peter's ears, partially covering his eyes as he followed Bucky and Sam to the parking lot. "You just dive right into the car, okay? Uncle Sam will have us out of there in no time."
“Um… do you have any idea why almost all of the clinical drug trials that Stark Industries was participating in were stopped six months ago?”
"Eh, I guess that's true," said Peter. "I bet Dad likes you better in this uniform though. And it'd be kinda hard to say your vows with your helmet and mask on."
It had never even occurred to Tony—or to Howard, for that matter—to ask for Peter's heart to be checked when he was a baby, especially since aside from being a bit small he had always seemed to be perfectly healthy. The type of defect that Peter had usually wasn't genetic in nature, so it had never even crossed Tony's mind.
They had theories, of course. Bruce, Natasha, Clint, and Bucky had been working almost nonstop in Tony's lab ever since they brought Peter back to the Tower, trying to discover the identity of the mystery assailant and who might've programmed him to attack Peter. They were hypothesizing that whoever it was had ties to either the Mongolian HYDRA base or to the group of thugs trying to steal from Damage Control, with Steve going even further and suggesting that the two were somehow linked.
"Shh, sweetheart," Steve murmured as he drew Tony into his arms, tucking his head under his chin. "That's the same exact thought I'm having right now. What if? What if we do all of this, if we dare to hope that—and then it just
Peter froze for a second, unable to move as he stared at Gwen's crumpled body, his heart so lodged in his throat that he couldn't breathe.
Peter's lips pursed at the mention of his father, and he slumped back against his pillows, carefully crossing his arms.
“Oh, that’s okay,” said Ned.  “I guess I’ll just see ya on Monday then.  We’re gonna be gone at my grandma’s house all day tomorrow.”
"Yeah, well, tell that to him," grumbled Tony. Three heartbeats passed until he froze in place, glancing up at the ceiling. "Wait. You know that I'm kidding, right?"
"Well, maybe we can all go together sometime?" Gwen suggested. "The three of us? I bet that'd be fun."
“Nope, he was a guy, probably not too much younger than you,” said Peter.  He bit down on his bottom lip, wondering if he should even bother.  “Did you remember to—”
During the Compound's remodel last summer to better accommodate the Maximoffs, Tony had added a new outside entrance that led directly into their bedroom suite, allowing them just a bit more privacy in what had become quite a busy household. It was especially nice for Steve, since he usually woke up so early for his runs, and had also proved to be useful for times like this, when Steve absolutely did
With a final kiss, Steve headed down the hall towards his locker room. Tony watched him go until he disappeared around the corner, then unlocked his office door and stepped inside, booting up his computer.
"Yeah, sure," Steve shot back. "Says the guy who was almost an hour late for his own first date, hmm?"
"That's the HYDRA bunker in Siberia where we found the Winter Soldier stasis pods! Sam, keep going, Bucky knew this might happen!"
Or at least, he thought so. But in the three or so seconds that it took for him to step back from the window, somehow an entire army of the same kind of sentry suits that had been circling the perimeter of the prison had assembled in the corridor outside of Peter's cell, with Justin Hammer standing at the forefront, looking on like a proud father.
“Thank you, Miss Potts.”  After switching off the intercom, Tony leaned back in his chair, tilting his head as he studied the schematic in front of him.  He had originally developed it as a way to manufacture control chips for an innovative line of personal computers, but it wouldn’t take much to alter it to fit his new specifications.
It seemed like something out of a cheesy rom-com, but it seemed like as soon as he met Steve, everything in Tony's life started to look up. Peter was as stable as he could be, his work was going far better than he ever could've anticipated, and with the additions to the JARVIS program that Peter kept coming up with it was looking more and more like his plan for Project Phoenix was going to go off without a hitch, therefore bringing an end to over seven decades of war.
"So you don't think there remains an immediate threat?" Steve asked, his fingers twitching in Tony's.
"He's honestly the sweetest kid I've ever seen, Buck. And I'd say just as smart as his father, if not more so."
"Dad, I know you've never trusted the Air Corps too much, except for Uncle James and Auntie Carol, but you gotta believe me on this. Steve's not like the rest of them. He's nice and funny and kind, and he loves you. And he also told me that he loves me like a son, and Dad, I don't think he'd lie about that stuff. I don't think he
“Nope!” Tony yelped, raising his palm at the screen.  “You have now lost every single right that you had to call me that.  From now on, I am only Mr Stark to you.  Or better yet, Iron Man.”
"Pete," Dad said, and Peter's heart gave a lurch when his voice broke. "Please, bud, try and get some sleep, yeah? You know Papa wouldn't want you to be stressing yourself out like this."
In fact, Peter could already beat Papa in arm wrestling at least half the time, and Dad was figuring that Peter's strength would only increase as he continued to grow.
They were quiet for several minutes, so much so that Tony almost felt himself drifting off to sleep until Bruce suddenly let out a loud noise, somewhere between a whoop and a yelp. Steve instantly was on his feet, practically vibrating as he held out his hand to help Tony up.
"Yeah, I do have a bit of that, don't I?" Tony said with a wink. He tilted his head, his eyes sweeping across Steve's face. "Do you think she knew that you… that you were…?"
"Sketchbook?" Sharon said, replacing her stethoscope around her neck. She reached for Peter's wrist next, checking his pulse. "I didn't know you knew how to draw, Steve?"
Ned had just correctly answered the year that the Soviet Union tested its first atomic bomb when Papa appeared, taking up his usual spot in the gym's doorway. But he had barely gotten his arms settled into their crossed position when Mr Harrington suddenly gasped so loudly that he cut Gwen off in mid-sentence, gulping as he pushed his wire-rimmed glasses up the bridge of his nose.
"No!" Tony yelped as he grabbed onto Steve's forearm, barely stifling another junky cough. "There is no way in
"Oh, you know I love it when you think like that. It's a date." Tony pecked Steve's lips one final time, giving his ass another firm squeeze. "Now, get out of here before I go out there and try to convince Thor to make dinner for Pete, 'cause I'm pretty sure if he tried that we'd no longer have a kitchen afterwards."
Tony's lips twitched, his tongue poking out to wet them as he studied Steve's face, his expression slowly transforming into that self-loathing look that Steve had seen far too many times before.
"Which is basically what Strange did on Titan," said Tony. "Guy took a sneak peek into all of the possibilities in about three minutes flat."
Tony shook his head, swiping at his nose. "I think it's brilliant, Pete. Absolutely brilliant. You're a genius, there's no doubt in my mind."
And if that were to happen to someone else, if Steve were to be responsible for a kid developing an injury like his, then…
"That's not all that surprising though, when you think about it," said Uncle Bucky. "They've been gone for over a week and haven't even gotten to talk to you everyday. It's bound to make 'em a bit jittery."
The thought of there being universes out there where they weren't together, or hadn't even met, did not sit well with him.
"Really?" Ned said. "Dude, that's so cool! Are you gonna let us come over and see it once you get it set up?"
"Okay, but what if we can't defend them?" asked Wong. "Bringing both stones together might just make it easier for Thanos to get his hands on them."
"Thanks," Peter said. He twisted to avoid a student's swinging backpack, then barely a second later ducked underneath another student's flailing arm at the same time as he pulled Gwen around a third, who was for whatever reason choosing to walk backwards.
"I am sure that Adrian Toomes was involved in most, if not all of the diverted wreckage," Tony said evenly. "Now, as to where he stood in the chain of command that was involved in diverting the tech in the first place, we still don't know, as Mr Toomes is still refusing to talk. But what I can say is that all current Damage Control personnel have been re-vetted, and that the convoys should be able to proceed on schedule from both the D.C. and New York sites."
"Oh, yeah," Gwen said nonchalantly, rolling her eyes. "They're probably just fighting over who gets to use the blue controller for their PlayStation. Apparently the blue controller works better than the red one, helps Nathan Drake jump a split-second faster or something like that. Don't worry about it. As long as there's no visible blood and everyone's conscious, they're fine."
Stepping inside Peter's sauna-like bedroom, Steve breathed out a short sigh of relief as he saw that yes, his little guy was in fact sleeping peacefully. A lump rose in Steve's throat as his eyes swept across his precious son, huddled down underneath his many layers of blankets with his stuffed polar bear clutched to his chest. Carefully, so as not to wake him, Steve brushed a stray curl from Peter's forehead before leaning down to kiss him, patting him gently on the shoulder once he'd stood back up.
Once again, a huge thank-you to my wonderful betas, allthesinnersandthesaints and jehbeeeh, and to all the amazing people in the POTS discord server.  You guys are awesome!  💖
"And we got to know each other. He wasn't impressed at all that I was a pilot. He almost seemed repulsed by it, actually, so—"
"Dad!" Peter said as his mask retracted, his curly hair flopping every which direction. "That was so cool what you and Uncle James did to that ship!"
"Yes sir, as well as the proper training of the pilots who will be charged with delivering and positioning the satellites," JARVIS said. "That is the only factor which dips the odds below one hundred percent."
"I don't know, Tony," Papa said warily. "Does he really seem like someone that we need to be worried about?"
him. One because he'd honestly never had a successful romantic relationship in his entire life, and two, he just could not afford to get too distracted from his work. He and Peter had come way too far for Tony to jeopardise it all now just because he'd fallen under the spell of a pair of bright blue eyes.
Thankfully, thanks to Tony and Peter’s unconditional love and acceptance, Steve didn't have to worry about his environment being unsafe.  Sam had spent quite a bit of time talking with Tony and Peter, offering them information on supporting someone recovering from PTSD, and had commented to Steve afterwards that he had never seen someone as inherently perceptive as Peter.
Like Lorriane said, the name sounds familiar, although Steve wouldn't know from where exactly, and for some reason he doesn’t feel comfortable googling it to find out more.  His initial impression that Stark is some super-rich guy was kind of quashed when Lorriane mentioned that his son took swimming lessons at the Y, since the Y isn’t exactly where all of the rich kids tend to hang out.
"Oh c'mon, Tones, you know I only bring out my humour on special occasions," said Uncle James, who was wearing his fancy dress uniform too. "There's no humour allowed in the Air Corps."
"It looks—it looks—" Tony shook his head, still practically stunned speechless. The tesseract was not only working, it was putting out almost twice the amount of energy that he had predicted. At this rate, they would be able to run their entire world for centuries, and that was just based on the numbers he'd had a chance to eyeball.
"Seems like that first attack didn't take out the entire payload after all," added Sam. "The soldiers are all making their way up to the third floor."
"Yeah, he might've mentioned that to me a couple of times," he said. He cleared his throat, reaching for the smaller of the two boutonnières sitting on the dresser. "Uncle Sam just brought these up a couple minutes ago. Aren't they nice?"
Tony nodded, sniffing as he turned his head into Steve's chest. "Tell me again, honey, please? 'Cause I'm just—I think—I just really need to hear it, and—"
Steve huffed, trying to swallow the last of his sandwich past his bone-dry throat. He wasn't shaking anymore, at least, but his ears were still roaring from rushing blood and he suddenly felt too exhausted to even stand. Thankfully Bucky took the hint, guiding him to a corner table inside the near-empty mess hall.
"Tell me what you want, mo grá," Steve murmured as he tore his kiss-swollen lips away. "Conas is féidir liom tú a shásamh ar maidin?"
"That's good, J, tell him thanks for us," Tony replied, shooting Steve a look of relief. They had asked Bucky to send them updates every half hour during the movie, knowing he could do so without Peter finding out.
a bunch of times in some of his online forums, and had seen a few pictures of what the book covers looked like.  But in all of his travels to England and elsewhere, he’d never been able to actually find one of them.
Tony's head thudded against Steve's collarbone. "Long as you don't forget to take the occasional peek at your gauges and stuff," he said. "Wouldn’t want them to get jealous or anything."
that we need to fix your ship, Quill," Dad said slowly, like he was scolding a very small child. "We need to get off this goddamn rock and back to Earth. Now."
" Tony begged. He brushed the sweat-dampened hair from Steve's forehead, pressing another kiss there. His arms were trembling around Steve as he held him close, his ear pressed over Tony's heart. "You don't have to tell me how close I came to losing you. Gods, Steve, I don't—I can't even think about it. I can't—what would I tell Pete, huh? How could I ever explain that to him? He just got you, he can't lose you now!"
"Oh God!" Steve gasped as he hurried over to his son, falling to his knees beside him and brushing the matted curls off his forehead. Peter's skin was cold, far too cold for such a burning hot room, and his skin was as pale a blank canvas.
"That's 'cause he's gotta play the strict uncle right now since he's the babysitter, while I'm just—"
"It's gonna be okay, sweetheart," Steve murmured, almost as much for himself as for Tony. He pressed a kiss to Tony's head just as the elevator
“February 18th, 2019,” Steve continued.  “Due to rampant tissue damage caused by severe infection, Sergeant Barnes’ left arm is deemed too far gone to save.
The sound of an electronic lock clicking open stopped Tony in his tracks, and he looked over at the door in a panic as Steve stepped inside, obviously fresh from the shower and carrying a loaded tray of food.
"No, I'm pretty sure that I didn't either," Steve said. He let out a soft groan when Tony's long fingers wound around to the back of his neck, kneading the tight muscles there. "Mmm, that feels good."
“Well, hopefully you’ll get the chance,” said Tony.  He tugged on the tight collar of his shirt, making a final minuscule adjustment to his tie as Steve smoothed out an errant ribbon on his jacket.  “Honey?  You ready?”
Or give Gwen even more reason to hover. He already got more than enough of that from his dads and the rest of the adults in his family, thank you very much.
Tony shook his head, tears spilling down his cheeks as he leaned in to press his lips to Steve's, whose eyelids were barely still open. The pain medicine must've affected him more than Helen originally thought. "I'm not going anywhere. I
"Oh," Steve whispered, gasping as the smouldering embers of the anguish he'd been carrying ever since the snap suddenly flared back to life. All this time he'd been trying to convince himself that he and Tony just needed to move on, that they needed to acknowledge that Peter was never coming back and try and pick up the pieces of their lives. But now—
Plopping down onto his chair, Tony took a big gulp of his coffee and pulled out his phone.  Even though he never talked to Steve about his work, just getting to hear his voice for a couple of minutes always helped him feel better.
About a thousand different emotions all crossed Steve's bright blue eyes at once, and he reached for Tony's hand across Peter, giving it a single hard squeeze.
Steve twisted his head, planting a quick kiss on Tony's arm. "Me too, sweetheart," he said. "Me too."
"Steve," Tony said softly, cupping Steve's cheeks in his hands. "It's getting late, and you have another patrol in the morning. Why don't we just get back to the base, hmm? We can work all that out tomorrow?"
"I'll try, okay?" Peter answered, his heart dropping at the look of anguish on Gwen's face. "I'll at least text if nothing else."
And when it didn't, when Steve felt nothing more than the incredible orgasmic bliss that he’d come to crave with Tony, he was able to relax just a little bit more the next time.  And then a bit more the next time, and so on.
"I know babe, but like Bruce said, if we try and rush through that decryption, we risk losing more of the files due to mistakes," said Tony. "We've already lost more than I'm comfortable with, so we're trying to be extra careful with the rest. We'll figure it out, it's just gonna take a bit more time."
"Well, Peter, I guess your reputation really did precede you," Gwen said after Mr Harrington announced that practise was over. "I never thought there'd be anyone who could keep up with me during those questions."
So why did Steve do it?  And what’s he been up to since then?  Was he able to get some help for whatever injury he was suffering from?
"But I still don't want you exhausting yourself with all of this, okay? You want to still work in it, fine, just don't overdo it. You need to save up as much of your strength as you can."
The fish sufficiently fed, Tony recapped the container and exited the room, heading back to the kitchen to put on some more coffee. He leaned against the counter while it was brewing, fighting the urge to ask JARVIS if Peter's bus had left for the museum yet. He had offered to drive Peter and his friends there himself, but Peter had declined, giving Tony some excuse about the school's liability insurance stating that all of the students needed to arrive together, or something to that effect.
"Steve? You're still gonna help with the mashed potatoes, right?" Sam asked. "I got about fifteen pounds of 'em already on the stove that're just waiting for a good beating."
"Not as excited as the pilots were." Tony's heart fluttered as his mind immediately drifted to Captain Rogers, and how damn good he had looked in his flight suit.
Steve needs to be completely focused on his task at hand, which means he cannot become distracted with thoughts about how badly the man he thought he was in love with managed to screw him over.
"That was the original plan, yes," said Phillips. "However, due to shall we say, extenuating circumstances, we were forced to stop with just you."
"All right, little guy, just try and remember that once you drop your ski, your first instinct is gonna be to lean towards that side, and that's what's causing you to fall. So try and put most of your weight on the other side before you drop the ski, okay? That'll help you keep your balance once you're just on one."
Now, stuck on the precipice of losing both his child and his husband, Steve was no longer sure he could go on. No longer sure he could stand back up after getting knocked down.
, Tony dumped it off in the kitchen before continuing on into Peter's room. Peter had set up the five-gallon fish tank that Bucky had bought him for Christmas on his reading table next to the windows, thinking that Finley, the fish, would enjoy the occasional look out on the city while he was away at school. This all despite the fact that even though the fish's tank was massive for such a tiny fish, it also featured so many tank accessories that it closely resembled one of the flea circuses that had been so popular during Steve's boyhood years.
“And Pete, and you, and everyone else who works for Stark Industries.”  Tony let out a sigh, his hands resting perfectly on Steve’s biceps.  “Yeah, this weekend’s gonna be good for all of us.”
"Sure, little guy, I'm fine," Steve said quickly, attempting a smile when Peter raised an eyebrow. "I'm really glad I was able to see you today."
But the one time that Tony had attempted to show Steve what Rhodey had sent him, Steve practically hit the roof, telling Tony over and over that he could handle himself just fine, and didn't need anyone to help him.
"There's more incoming outside the dome!" he called from about fifty metres up, pointing towards the mountainous forest surrounding the city. "Steve, I'm pretty sure this is it!"
