Dean did a quick tally in his head and realized that this was indeed the fifth mission on which he and Charlie had ended up in this scenario during their three years of service together aboard the
“Cas.”
“Do you think a re-gen unit could make my nipples grow back?”
Results were indeterminate.
Castiel nodded, keeping his eyes trained on Captain Harvelle’s. “Captain. What are your orders?”
In case of compromise, all standard Starfleet vessels are equipped with a self-destruct button. He heard that somewhere. He doesn’t remember what it means. Or why it comes to him now. For all he knows,
“No, I’ve been keeping track,” Charlie shook her head, her eyes bright despite the dreary atmosphere of the cave. “I don’t mean trouble in general, but this specific scenario: the men’s shirts off, cuffed to a wall, tastefully beaten, prisoners of a matriarchal warrior tribe… it’s kinda becoming a thing for us.”
“Yes, brother,” the Programmer says. The heat of burning Grace licks at their vessels even from here. The Programmer wears her third body. Michael wears his fourth. They have been dutiful so long their Grace outlived their birth vessels. The ultimate Seraph fulfillment.
“Barely broke the skin,” Bobby remarked. “Why didn’t you just let Castiel heal it?”
Michael smiles. Spurts and coughs. Ringing and pulsing. A dark and heavy cloud. A good little soldier who does not cry. He did not mean for this to happen. This was always meant to happen.
“I will do everything I can. Get Captain Harvelle.”
. Of course, that didn’t mean Crowley was any less creepy.
“Dean has, ah…” Chuck laughed awkwardly as he examined a synthetic fry. “A very charming physique. Arresting features. Robust… stature. Is he, um, seeing anybody?”
Dean remembered the stories from his preteen years, before their official Starfleet lives began, when they spent their days floating through space with nothing to listen to except Dad’s rampant political opinions. Project Genesis had been big back then. As far as Dean was concerned, whatever was being dredged up now was all conspiracy  theory.
“There are rumors,” Ellen countered.
“Sorry I asked,” Dean muttered.
“I’ve heard of you,” Ellen said calmly. She performed a slow turn, taking in the scene. “The factions, and the, ah…” she pointed at Meg with a quirked eyebrow. “The zealots?”
“I came to prevent Meg from stealing your Seal,” Crowley sighed. “Which, by the way, you’re welcome.”
Crowley returned his focus to Ellen. “You may have heard the rumors about Project Genesis.”
“Too emo for you?” Dean sat on the bed, propping his elbows on his knees.
Dean frowned. “You think
The Seraph’s whimsical blue eyes blinked once before he turned away from Dean.
“This better be the last time I ever have to beam up with the landing party,” Kevin griped, but before he had even finished his sentence, the world around them was dissolving into the bright, angular scene of the
“My position vexes me as well,” Castiel replied carefully, “but I have deduced, by logic, it is rather the company I am in that is the root of that problem.”
up,” Ruby summarized. “Azazel, stolen seals, kind of a perfect storm.”
Dean nodded quickly. “Sure. Yeah. Yeah, we can iron out the kinks as we go. I’m adaptable.”
, Commander Castiel has my tricorder, he’ll tell you!”
“You’re going after him, then?” Dad asked. His voice was croaky. He still smelled like smoke, but Dean had been breathing through his mouth all day so it wouldn’t bother him so much.
When they had grown up a little, the brothers talked about it. Sam said what she’d done was unforgivable, perhaps, but understandable, and Dean insisted it was inhuman, disgusting, wrong. And then Dad died and Dean had realized the opinions he held weren’t exactly his own and now everything was so much more complicated than it once had been.
Dad’s face was limp, grayish, like all the tears he’d cried yesterday had wrung him totally dry. Like a washcloth. Like a juicebox sucked thin.
, to remind them of that.
for a quiet guy, he could really holler
Doctor Singer nodded. “Okay. And tell us what… tell us what you can do.”
Dean had never suffered from sleep paralysis demons like Sam, but he imagined Castiel's effect was similar.
Castiel had asked. Apparently that was humorous. Dean had thrown his head back, his huge eyes crinkling into slits, his nostrils flaring, all of his square teeth on display and his entire inner throat angled to maximum visibility. And he’d
He’s—”
“Nope,” Ellen sighed, sounding positively bummed. “We have work to do.”
“It’s just school,” Sam said, because suddenly it seemed like
Repeat.
Dybbuk growled.
“Claire Novak drives alright, for a girl,” Dean joked absently, lying back and repositioning himself on the biobed. Immediately, Castiel came forward to the bedside opposite Bobby, observing Dean like some apathetic zombie. Above Dean’s head, the K3 monitor began beeping and whirring as it displayed his heartbeat and pain levels (currently hovering at average statistics) with bright orange and green bars. As Bobby pulled out his handheld scanner, Dean furrowed his brow with confusion. “Hey, Ellen takes me plenty seriously. That mission was dangerous.”
Castiel, however, approved of Dean’s prevention of a tribble infestation. As sweet and endearing as they were, the things were born pregnant, and the more they ate, the more they’d procreate. Dean loved a fuzzy ball of love as much as the next human being, but he didn’t trust anything inherently against birth control.
A vice-like grip pressed into Castiel’s temples and his limbs tingled with oncoming numbness. The prodding in the back of his nasal cavity intensified as if a worm were burrowing into his brain.
Dean sighed. “Look, you read my damn mind. It’d be nice to at least know a little bit about you.”
[11/22/2020 UPDATE: I published this months before Dean ended up being violently impaled by a big rusty iron pole and holy fuck I apologize for any flashbacks it might trigger in new readers. I promise, I promise on my cat's grave, this one ends well. This was not foreshadowing or a reference to canon. It was simply a terribly unfunny (okay kind of funny) coincidence.]
Dean scoffed. “That’s a dumb question. Everybody cries.”
The damn pity cheeseburger. Dean’s new digestive track. And of course the heat exhaustion was nothing but a catalyst. Sam should have known.
, using
“Sam suggested I adapt to social distancing in a more human manner,” Castiel said. “He says I might enjoy myself if I loosen up a little. He lent me your old pajamas.”
“Be quiet,” Castiel ordered.
tour of our facilities.”
Cas nodded once. “And your mother?”
The six yet-unpunished crew members glanced between each other awkwardly, but received little more than a light scolding from the captain for their inability to keep a simple mission simple, to keep the ensigns out of trouble, and to keep Dean and Charlie out of chains.
“He can be healed,” Castiel reported. “Our combined abilities will likely be enough.” He rubbed his fingertips against his thumb to chafe off the sticky blood. His other fist hurt. “In fact, he’s been healed before. His body displays the signs of repetitive, almost periodic cycles of destruction and mending.”
He’s goi
How do you feel?
“Little early for
Castiel did not disagree. “Can you elaborate on that?”
“Okey-dokey,” Crowley said finally. “Evidently we still mistrust each other. Healthily so, I suppose. I propose you take the Seal, return it to your Seraph bosses, get back to your mission, and if you’re really still so concerned about our intentions — even after I’ve so explicitly demonstrated my alliances to your side — give Naomi a ring.”
“…I was hoping Dean was dead,” Ketch said, his tone darkening, “when we saw him. Did you see him?”
“Your hair looks nice,” Dean said through a mouthful of milk mush.
Dean recognized Castiel’s knock.
“Thought you’d be hungry,” Sam pulled a face.
“So, Cas,” Dean began, tuning a dial on his machine to better track the sparkly rocks littering the ground. He had no idea what he was looking for, and these felt as good a place to start as any. “I didn’t know you’re a little brother.”
going to be a piece of cake. He flailed his legs furiously at the Rosencian’s hip area as the appendage tightened against his windpipe, hoping his heel would hit some sensitive bundle of nerves. Fuck proper fighting etiquette, Dean Winchester would not die getting asphyxiated by
Sam just sat on the bed, watching Dean, not reacting at all save for the subtle bob of his Adam’s apple. Lying to Sam sucked. Because Dean knew Sam never believed him, but Sam would always pretend like he did. And he was very, very bad at pretending. Both brothers knew what was really going on here, but Dean wasn’t about to say
“But I don’t recognize this vessel,” Sam remarked. “Four parsecs. Should I raise shields?”
Sammy stirred. Dean pretended, for a moment, that he was Momma, with a red shirt in the closet and a bedtime story in her head, and rocked Sammy back to sleep.
“They must have avoided the bluff,” Dean placated himself, trying not to consider the alternative. He groaned as he shifted his body. “Hey, Sammy, get up. We gotta move.”
out loud. Not with John in the room.
Next chapter:
Ellen blinked. “Uh, sure. In any case, he’s certainly eager to get home. And with the Federation’s reliance on Shurlion’s triticale supply, you understand how important it is no incidents occur between—”
“Do they.”
* * *
were rehearsing this scene?” Castiel raised his eyebrows.
proficient in the language of sarcasm.
Castiel was caught entirely off guard, his eyes shut and his hand pressed against the comet-shaped burn on Dean’s left shoulder (which, strangely, fit perfectly beneath his palm and fingers — Castiel was beginning to think that the accidental shape of a comet may in fact have been an intentional handprint). His focus was buried deep inside Dean’s humerus, his Grace knitting his severest fracture back together at the root, when Dean’s right arm shot out and caught Castiel by the front of his shirt.
“Jody, Jody,” Singer said softly. “Alex, prepare the stasis chamber.”
“Dude, leave it,” Dean dismissed, turning pink thinking about how awkward it was going to be delivering a mission report to Ellen with no shirt on.
Sam nodded, wide-eyed. “Looks like.”
“Yes,” Chuck said, “but Seraphim are like spiderwebs. Pure and beautiful and nearly unbreakable. I wouldn’t mind if they took over the galaxy. In my experience as an ambassador, they’ve proven very uncorrupt.”
I'm sorry it took so long to get this up, but for some reason I had it in my head that the chapters have to be super long. I think from now on I might be sacrificing chapter length to achieve more frequent updates, but we'll see how it pans out.
“Little flippers flew through that shit and I can’t pick it up.”
“It’s a container, Dean,” Ellen said.
Ketch whimpered something unintelligible and gingerly eased himself off of the Hellhound’s back.
“Leave it, we’ll fix it later,” Dean said quickly. Castiel looked positively drained; it must have been a bad break. “Just lean on me, we’ll be fine.”
Jo go on that mission. Ellen coulda had Cas send her back anytime.” Bobby shook his head, swapping his scanner for a reader tube, hovering it above Dean’s ears, eyes, and throat. “It’s reverse psychology, Dean, and that ain’t my doctorate talkin’. She knows she can’t control Jo, so she doesn’t try. I think she’s figured out by now that your ticker is wired just like her daughter’s.”
Dean Winchester was unconscious within the large metal-and-glass canister of the stasis chamber. A sheet, rather than the usual infirmary wardrobe, covered his body. It had been too risky to handle him any further before he had displayed advanced signs of recovery. Castiel lifted the lid of the stasis chamber and the machine slowly elevated Dean Winchester to an operable level, a cool hissing mist billowing away from the body. Castiel gently pulled the sheet downward, revealing the upper half of what remained of Dean Winchester.
* * *
“About damn time,” Castiel said. “Although I still prefer Bernie’s relief plans.”
This was the third group grief session Ellen (or Bobby or Jody — Dean didn’t really know who was spearheading these) had mandated since his
Sam mouthed
Sorry for the long hiatus. And also sorry that we all went through that traumatic haphazard homophobic bullshit of a finale.
Apparently, Dean was singing in his sleep again. Nonsense words and profanities, mostly — something about painting on dead bodies, a ditty about Susan Sontag, and the inclusion of the disturbingly obscure phrase “popula-
Dean narrowed his eyes at the Seraph as Bobby probed around his navel using an instrument with a name he couldn’t remember. “And you knew about this?”
— and Rufus caught him around the chest, pinning his arms to his sides. One of Dean’s kidnappers peeled off the group to rush Sam and Rufus instead.
“Probably best if you head out for now,” Singer said. “Don’t wanna overwhelm you on your first day, and I think Ellen could use the support.”
The youngest nurse jumped, heading to the other room. “On it.”
Rufus’ voice erupted behind Sam — he must have followed him — and he obeyed, ducking and nearly sending himself tumbling over his long legs. A projectile whooshed over his head. It flew hundreds of yards, sailing over Dean, and hitting the dog square in its muzzle, where it burst into a black cloud of dust. The Hellhound howled.
Dean touched his stomach, thought of his sore shoulder and tight muscles, and felt a chill over his skin. Dean knew Castiel was doing his job and all, but he still couldn’t help but
"What do you think?" Ellen hollered from behind them. “Klingons want the Seals too!”
“No,” Castiel said. He shook Dean’s arm until he opened his eyes. The howling cut off and was then replaced with a large, sharp growl. But this time, when Dean winced, everybody else did, too.
His irises were so blue it was nauseating.
“I would spay it,” she protested glumly.
. “We’ll still see each other.”
Dean opened the door. “Looks like it’s a good day,” he said, beelining for the tray in Sam’s hands and not even making eye contact. He retreated into the room, Sam following him before the door could slide shut.
Me: I'm going to write shorter chapters
The man turned. His face was handsomely soft and his eyes were cleverly kind but he was, unmistakably, another Klingon.
* * *
The good little soldier did not mean to make a friend. He will not cry.
Sam tried to picture his mom, and like always, he struggled. He could visualize photographs, but they didn’t really help. He tried to force into his mind every sparkling golden strand of her hair, every soft crinkle of skin at the corner of her eyes. The glint of light on her teeth. The shape of her hands — what it would feel like to wrap his little hand around her giant adult finger, a tiny boy toddling behind his mother. Sam gripped his knees.
There was nothing of interest except a portrait of a dark-haired human in a red tunic hanging on one wall.
Dean winced against the restraints, stretching his arms as straight as he could, and inched his leg out, trying to kick the key within Charlie’s reach. His thighs and left arm screamed with the strain, and Dean growled with frustration, toeing towards the key —
“A flattering observation.”
“Yeah, and vessels,” Dean said. “Some impending starship shootout?”
“You can sense it from here,” Michael says. “His turmoil.”
“Flowers!” Sam exclaimed, and Dean ducked, just narrowly missing a branch of the hallucinogenic orange blossoms. Unfortunately, missing the branch of blossoms meant he stepped directly into a loose swatch of mud.
And for now, it was fantastic that the Seraph seemed to be at least somewhat on his side about the whole mind-reading thing. Even though —
The hunter and the angel sat in silence for a few moments. The air was thick, but not any thicker than it had been for the past week of quarantine. It was quickly starting to feel like they were buried alive, like they were running out of air.
“Hey,” she deadpanned. If the attitude Crowley addressed the officers with could be described as detached amusement, hers was absolute nonchalance. “Ruby. Klingon. Would like to stop the apocalypse.”
“And avoiding confrontation is your form of control?”
STARDATES
“Castiel, we managed— are you alright?” Captain Harvelle asked as Castiel froze and touched his temple.
“He won’t bite,” Crowley said.
more pissed off. She unclipped something from her waist —
“Mister, you didn’t have to go through the turmoil to even get us to this point,” Ellen chided. Kevin let out a sheepish
“D—Dean,” Castiel gritted out. The healing had weakened him and now his head was aching and the room was spinning and, in some disturbingly familiar way, the tears spilling down Dean’s cheeks captivated him. Castiel swallowed, trying to raise his voice. “Doctor Singer—
in a situation together made for a very unappetizing mouthful.
and it’s too much. It’s always too much.
“If it’s any help, I’m officially prescribing the trauma-erasure-via-mind-meld procedure,” Singer offered.
“Kind of useless out in the middle of nowhere, no?” Ketch said. “Only the dinky unit? Bit of an excess.”
The worst part of being human is probably that need to “talk about it”.
“I’m saving it for later,” Dean said snidely. “Don’t want your bad attitude tainting my enjoyment of it.”
“My perception of the fabric of time is rapidly disintegrating,” Castiel said.
Naomi blinked robotically. “There is no reason to.”
me if I’m cool with it. Communication, man.”
“One little redshirt,” Dad snarled. “You Seraph bitch.”
Sam turned around to leave so fiercely his hair whipped out of its perfect shape. He paused in the doorway. Dean was hit with a strange wave of deja vu. But not totally. Like the deja vu of hearing a tornado alarm going off and knowing it’s only a drill but still fighting down the urge to lock down your valuables. The sudden surge of that untethered panic to
Jody blinked. “No, I, uh, believe you. I’m glad you stepped in. I’m sure he’s fine, but I’ll check, just to be certain.”
“Really?” Crowley chuckled. “Don’t tell me Starfleet officers are rusty on Kronos’ current events.”
waste the effort to save you if we weren’t on your side?”
Castiel crossed to the door and opened it in the face of the victim’s younger brother, who jumped, likely shocked he did not need to buzz in.
“I cannot—”
Cas blinked slowly, unoffended. “I was chosen to enroll in Starfleet Academy because our elders believed I was best suited.”
,” Dean was saying, his hand held out to Commander Ketch with his palm splayed upward.
“It is quite fascinating,” Castiel agreed. Nurse Mills gave him a cryptic stare as Nurse Jones returned from the other room, reporting that the stasis chamber was ready. Doctor Singer reached as if to take Castiel by the arm, but did not touch him. Instead, he walked, and Castiel followed.
In all honesty, Dean wondered that too.
His movement sparked the other unconscious officers to stir. Sam and Castiel joined Dean at Crowley’s side, Ruby hanging a few yards away, Meg remaining frozen stiff. Ellen, Ash, and Jody sat up, clutching their heads.
It was hard to tell from his position in the mud, but it looked to Dean like another female Klingon, slightly smaller than Meg in stature, and
“It’s Meg, actually,” the Klingon said. Her voice was eely and slick and her Standard was flawless. It reminded Dean of somebody he once knew. Castiel’s weight on his side grew ever heavier.
“Yeah. But would it grow them back?”
“Well, the dates and facts.” Cas’s lips almost smiled. “But it’s different to hear you recount it.”
Dean twisted in his cuffs, trying to locate Kevin through the dark chaos, and caught his eye just in time to see him sit up on his knees, beaming, holding up that dainty metal key.
“No, Sam, I did not get in a car accident,” Dean said, subconsciously rubbing a finger over the slowly-receding dent on his forehead. “Just slept funny.”
“Starfleet is wrong.”
Sam glanced back at Dean. Tornados whistled in his heart.
Dean moved a hand to rest on his weapon as they followed Rufus. “Sam, I’m keeping you out of the Rack if it’s the last thing I do.”
“We don’t have to pretend that nothing is different, because everything is,” Lieutenant Winchester was saying from the podium. He had been speaking for ten minutes already, having opened with a mindfulness exercise and a tearful tribute to Commander Turner. He now seemed to be transitioning into his next point. “I hate that this loss, this huge loss, is what reminds us that we’re a family here, that it’s not just a job. And it took me so long to realize that, you know? That what we do is at least as important as who we do it with…”
“No,” Dean said, cradling his arm. He squinted his angry eyes at Castiel. “So you were just saving up for a big reveal the whole time?”
— ERROR
Castiel took Dean up on the offer, putting his weight into Dean’s good side.
“That’s an interesting way to say your prayers,” Dean remarked.
Of what, he didn’t know, which was probably the worst part. Dean’s safety? It was like a drone in Sam’s head at all times, but that wasn’t new. There was something more. Maybe it was the nightmares — how he kept dreaming about the nights he lost Jessica and Dad and Dean. When Castiel healed his leg, Sam had looked up and seen Dean surrounded by Klingons, being dragged away, his face twisted in fear. It was a trick of the light, and the deja vu faded as quickly as it came, but Dean’s facial expression remained the same. And then Ruby had up and revered him for the most inhuman actions of his life. He was haunted.
“Did you have to drag
“Don’t touch any orange flowers with purple dots,” Jody warned as they stepped into the jungle. “Castiel can’t heal you from their hallucinations and my hypos will only do so much.”
“And how did they lead to your impalement?” Singer asked.
So, yeah, mission accomplished.
Castiel recalculated his approach at light speed. Unlike Zachariah, he found it illogical to overcompensate for a lack of empathy — it would be more effective to lean into it.
“On that we agree,” Crowley said. “Like I said, Azazel’s death and the disintegration of our core leadership is what’s sparked this ridiculous surge in Lucifer’s Klingon following.”
A very very bad and somewhat inaccurate analogy: the Federation is a public school district and Starfleet is a bunch of sixth graders on safety patrol.
“You…” Castiel frowned. “You are asking me to intercept your emotions.”
“Stop,” Dean croaked.
Oyster-smelling mush sprayed across the cave, plastering to Dean’s cheek — God, if he had to keep smelling this stuff, he really
Castiel gently pushed Dean’s brother aside and gripped the iron spike, extracting the length from Dean’s abdomen in one smooth slide, and tossed it away. Castiel lifted the bloody tunic and pressed his hand against the hot, gaping wound. After a few seconds of exertion, Castiel felt the warm, static sensation of healing flesh under his palm and, suddenly, Dean was shoving him away.
I was gonna upload this last week but my city was hit by a derecho: an extremely destructive in-line hurricane (in the Midwest! Crazy, right?) that lasted for three hours and knocked out the power across the city. We lost a bunch of trees and had no electricity or internet for five days. My college is in the state and their power got knocked out too, and since we’re learning remotely, they had to postpone the start of classes by a week. Life is insane.
“So, what about you?” Dean prompted. “What’s your lore?”
“Welcome aboard, sir,” said one, voice shaking, as he hurried forward to escort Castiel off the transporter plate.
“Gesundheit, Mister Ketchup,” Garth said, clapping him on the back as the security officer coughed violently.
The party assembled themselves on their pads, Castiel cutting in to claim the circle beside Dean just before Sam could. The last thing Dean saw before he felt the Vega Prime heat wave was his brother’s pertinent eyebrow raise.
At this point, the Seraphim culture was so absolutely creepy, it was comedic. Dean would have laughed if Castiel didn’t look so disturbed. And if Dean wasn’t
When the interviews were completed and Castiel had read Dean and Sam Winchester’s files, he went to Sick Bay. The officers were in the throes of an intense surgery and his services were not immediately required. He let them be. Seraphim did not feel disappointment; it was merely frustrating to remain hypothesizing about the victim’s condition and history rather than forming his own observations.
A hand pinched the joint of the Rosencian’s neck and immediately, the tentacles at Dean’s throat released, air flooding into his lungs, and Dean coughed violently as the blood pumped back through his body in a hot rush. The Rosencian crashed, knocked out stone cold, to the floor beside Dean. Tossing the limp tentacle out of the way, Dean gingerly massaged his throat (looking forward to Sam’s BDSM jokes just as eagerly as the eventual bruises) and glared up at his savior, who was most definitely
“There,” Ash said, sitting back on his haunches and wiping his dirty hands on the nearest leg, which happened to be Ketch’s. Ash grinned as he dug a tool out of his belt. “Seal’s just a few feet below. Can you feel that, Castiel?”
Dean held back a whiny groan. “Cas, we’re gonna spend how many weeks together in this bunker? Sam likes his alone time every once in a while. He’s got a point. We’ll get sick of each other fast if we don’t hang out in moderation.” Castiel was still staring at him with The Face and Dean softened his shoulders. “I’ll play a board game with you later. But first I need to drink my beer and ruminate on everything I hate about the world in private.”
He told Cas about his Dad
“Ash,” Ketch responded. His eyes met Castiel’s, and he nodded in greeting, his beady eyes widening. Castiel glanced at his wrists: one solid gold line and one dashed. Lieutenant Commander. “You’re — you’re the Seraph. You’re here.”
Instead he clicked his teeth together, seething, racking his brain for one of Ketch’s most embarrassing Academy incidents to pay him back for the jab about the choking thing (which had truly been only one time, and they had both been drunk, so it didn’t count anyway).
“Yeah,” Sam said. “But to make Dean chill out, I have to get something first. You can come with me and I’ll teach you the secret, if you want.”
“You know what,” sang an accented voice from behind Dean, “I believe it flatters him.” A red-sleeved, muscular arm slung itself around Dean’s shoulders, and he turned to see Arthur Ketch smirking down at him from his slightly taller height (Dean maintained it was his regulation-breaking platform boots, specially imported from Cyranon). He jutted his chin at the slice over Dean’s nipples. “I hope that’s not infected.”
officer, not a medic. Although his education was extensive in xenobiology and alien physiology, Castiel’s actual talents were based on instinct and nature, not study and practice. Castiel’s presence was what humans called a “blessing” in case of injuries in the field, but without a doctor’s extended assistance, he was merely a walking bandage.
On either side of the hundred-foot-wide plateau the officers walked down were deep, expansive quarries, where valuable resources besides dilithium were found. Grime-coated prisoners passed them on the path, some dragging balls and chains, others free to wield their pickaxes with only handcuffs signifying their status, still others trailed by guards holding them at gunpoint as they moved into their positions.
Captain Harvelle held up a finger to Castiel, then waved away the rest of the landing party, ordering them to stations and the mess hall. She turned back to Castiel and put her hands on her hips. “So, what do we do?”
“What, kill you?” Meg scoffed sweetly. “'
This story is so self-indulgent and I hope the nerdiness of it doesn't scare people away too much. I'm super excited for the next chapter! I began this fic with a really intricate idea for the plot and I finally figured out the ~lore~ to back it up. Oh yeah, it's all coming together. This is gonna be so angsty and romantic.
He hadn’t cried in that meeting like the others. Instead he’d sat and stared and forgotten to breathe and felt the tide of the universe shifting around him, screaming that he wasn’t supposed to be there, a yanking dread that wasn’t dissimilar to the echoing
“I thought you would be excited to leave,” Dean said quietly. His voice cracked. It was doing that a lot lately, but this time it sounded different. When Sam glanced up at him, he saw Dean was very tense.
Sam was silent.
in Naomi’s personal craft was a great honor. As he was a Starfleet officer and she was merely connected to Starfleet through her alliance with the Federation, her company signified more than just the Seraphim dedication to intergalactic peace — it demonstrated the faith she held in Castiel. She stood by his side, observing, as Starfleet’s Constitution-class ship grew bigger on the viewscreen. Wide top disk, elongated nacelles, blazing Bussard ramscoops, elementary design. Castiel would remain there, one Seraph among four hundred humans, for the final two of its five year assignment to “explore strange new worlds” and “seek out new civilizations.”
This chapter was super fun to write (even if the pacing gave me HELL) and I’m very excited about the next direction it’s heading. Lots of shit is about to go down. (A derecho, per se.) By the way, if you want a visual of the EV suits, google "star trek tos space suit" and it should pop up. They are so dang cute.
“Understood,” Castiel, Sam, and Charlie nodded.
Castiel gave a curt nod, accepting the heavy chest from Sam. “Aye, sir. I will see you on the bridge.”
“Name. Rank.”
“Get this,” Sam laughed. “Trump actually okayed a relief package: ‘free testing, expanded funding for food security programs, and paid sick, family, and medical leave for workers at companies with 500 employees or fewer.’ And they’re looking into providing direct payment to taxpayers.”
and that he still feels the same way now. But he knows that if he does it now, they’ll never make it home. He’ll crash the car or have to pull over when everything becomes
the idea of getting old, hates the aches and pains and hates the signs of aging, but Cas cherishes them. It reminds him that he’s human, reminds him that he gets to spend this time growing old with
When Jack brought everyone back -”
“You don’t need to do that,” Dean grumbles back, almost too quickly. “We turned out just fine. Plus, I think I can speak for both of us when I say that we’re just glad that you’re back.”
Sam just snorts at him. Dean can’t see his face, but he’d bet twenty bucks that he’s rolling his eyes right now. “Dude, don’t tell me you’re already getting rusty. It’s only been a few weeks.”
looked like when he first saw Cas standing in front of him in the dim light of the garage, as well.
He laughs, and after a second of fake bitch-facing Sam joins him. Shaking his head in loving contempt he gets up and goes inside, still grinning.
The weight of Cas‘s body is heavy in his arms and in his heart as darkness gradually spreads through the room.
“I‘m not–”
And Dean– Dean‘s lost for words, shaking his head slowly in a futile attempt to wrap his mind around this. Because he remembers Detroit, remembers it so fucking well, but at the same time he also remembers his father‘s storage in Rover Hill, remembers time travel and Bible Camp and years in hell that have been only months on earth. For so long he‘s believed that Cas is gone and at the same time refused to believe it, and now there‘s this being, less than five feet away from him. Frowning at him, head cocked sideways like a flustered bird in a gesture that is so Cas–
The doc throws him an indulgent half-smile. “Believe it or not, medical expertise can flourish even in a place like this.”
“Yeah, right.” Miller casts Cas a wary glance. “He was just one of these guys, he had a huge collection and he kept talking about it 24/7. No self-respecting woman would have been seen dead within ten feet of him.”
“Taken alone, the circumstances of these people‘s deaths are not very mysterious,” he states eventually. “But it is highly unlikely all three of them should have died of the same condition, especially one as atypical of their age as this one.”
“You‘re not just gonna use your angel mojo?” Dean asks with a nod towards the bandages and plasters.
“Well, like, two weeks before she died? All of a sudden she was being really secretive and, like, all holier-than-thou. And she kept making these lewd comments about Edward.” Brittany scrunches her face up in disgust, clearly more appalled by this than by Megan‘s untimely death.
Dean opens his eyes and Cas is still there.
“What are you doing, Dean?” Ca– the other one asks as he follows him, confusion clear in his voice.
But this person won‘t look at him and the lines around his eyes are only two days old. Dean raises to his feet, dusting imaginary dirt off his knees with shaky hands.
“Happy?” Dean can‘t help the bitterness creeping into his voice.
Cas looks at him in a way that clearly says, ‚Stop being such a baby‘, then heads straight for the stairs. “I will search the upper rooms,” he calls over his shoulder, leaving Dean to glare after him.
“I figured so, too. Still, there‘s not one trace of someone or something unnatural killing them off,” Dean says, “no suspicious symbols, no mutilations, not even a freaking hair out of place.”
“Right,” he continues in what he hopes comes off as a casual manner, “but before we do that let‘s get some more facts. No need to ruin their weekend right now. Hey,” he adds after a second, “at least now we know why you‘ve been sent here, I guess. To help me kick some demon-ass.” He grins at the angel broadly, and after a moment of hesitation Cas‘s frown eases away, the corner of his mouth curling up ever so slightly.
Dean tosses the fork back on the table and rubs his chin in irritation. “Come on, Cas, you know what I mean. Three years of silence and then you suddenly turn up in my motel room at fucking 4 a.m.?”
“What am I supposed to do?” he roars, burying his face in his hands. He rakes his fingers through his hair so hard he can feel the paths of his nails burning against his scalp.
“As much as I appreciate you stroking my ego I think they‘re also there to see you and Bobby.”
“You mean at the anniversary of Lucifer‘s defeat.”
“I knew it,” he says, his voice eerily calm. “Those memories I had – they didn‘t feel right. Like a distant dream, a story told to me by someone I don‘t even remember. Maybe it wasn‘t so much that I hadn‘t–,” he falters, “that she hadn‘t given me all those powers, but I simply didn‘t remember how it felt to use them.”
“You killed those people,” Dean snarls, “how? You‘re a shapeshifter then? A demon?”
They start research right after they‘ve gotten breakfast. After two nights with little to no sleep Dean‘s starting to feel a little bit rough, but the coffee they‘ve gotten is strong and black. Back in the motel he flops down at the table, booting up his laptop, while Cas sits on the bed and starts skimming through the books Dean has brought with him. They work in quiet concentration, the silence only interrupted by the rustling of pages, the scratching of a pen on paper, the occasional tapping of Dean‘s fingers on the keyboard.
“This just gets better and better,” Dean mumbles around the neck of his bottle, taking another swig. “I‘d never think I‘d say it, but God, I almost miss Sam talking nerdy right now.”
But Dean‘s the hunter here.
“Except their hearts, did you find anything extraordinary about them? Tox screens, wounds, suspiciously deformed organs?”
“I don‘t think I can leave this town,” Cas says.
“Please take a seat,” she says.
Four hours later the sun is already low on the horizon, a golden reflection on the hood of the Impala as she rolls through the outskirts of Osiris. They‘ve been driving in concentric circles first, starting at the city center, then widening until they‘ve covered the whole town. But for the last hour or so Dean‘s just been steering his baby aimlessly through deserted streets, following Cas‘s brisk clues.
Fortunately their arrival at the motel means he‘s spared the embarrassment of further attempts at covering up his slip. When they enter their room he points to the bed.
Sam, Bobby, even Rufus for Christ‘s sake, all the survivors have carved their niche, living somewhere in relative peace and quiet. It looks like Sam‘s about to get tied down for good with that Rachel-chick, and it‘s been a long time since Dean has felt the need to take care of his little brother. Hell, these days it‘s probably the other way round.
“There‘s the last victim‘s strange behavior,” Cas answers, sliding a page over to him, “we should start by interrogating his sister-in-law.”
“I guess we should check out that stripper,” he gives in with a tiny sigh. At Cas‘s frown he corrects himself, “The girlfriend, I mean. Guess that means we have to go back to that bar.” He grimaces at the thought. No way the owner of that place is going to give them any information easily after what went down there last night. But then Cas just nods gravely and Dean starts grinning again. After all they‘re not only more or less certified Federal Agents on an important investigation, it looks like they‘re on a mission from the man upstairs himself. No way some redneck ale-draper can stand against that.
Placing a finger on his lips he motions Cas to be silent, already moving forward to step between the angel and any possible threat as his instincts kick in. His heavy boots make no sound on the wooden floor as he creeps towards the open door. He can feel Cas follow him soundlessly, can feel him move next to him as he presses himself flat against the wall and carefully peeks around the corner.
“Mind your tone, boy,” the witch snarls, glaring at him with narrowed eyes. “Because I may be a heartless bitch, but you, you‘re just
A mousy-looking woman in her late thirties shuffles into the office, wrapped up in a mustard-colored cardigan. Her forehead seems lodged in a constant frown that only deepens when she takes the files. While she‘s gone the sheriff launches into another speech about the waste of time this whole thing is going to be for Dean, and when she returns ten minutes later, Dean can‘t help himself but greet her with the broadest, most grateful smile he‘s got. After that she actually blushes when she hands him the papers and their fingers brush for a fleeting moment.
Cas‘s fingers move softly on his skin, barely grazing his arm as he carefully cleans the wound. The cut is long, stretching from his wrist all the way up, almost reaching the sleeve of his shirt, but superficial. No sewing necessary and silently Dean thanks God for that, because no matter how many times he and Sammy treated themselves like that, it just hurt like hell.
“A party?”
, he thinks almost desperately,
“Possibly,” he says and for a moment their eyes lock and Dean can feel that electricity race up and down his spine that he‘s already come to expect from these encounters. Clearing his throat he tears himself away from the hypnotic quality of Cas‘s stare and puts the finishing touches on a line that resembles a minor hill fort by now.
It‘s Cas.
“Shut up,” Cas says, quietly. Dean‘s head whips around, staring at him. The angel is pale, even paler than usual, his eyes wide and trained at the woman before them.
He says his thanks and goodbyes and flees the office as fast as he can. Even a morgue has to be better than this.
“It was Cas, wasn‘t it?”
At about 2 p.m. Dean cracks and calls Bobby.
Later, much later, Dean lies awake, watching Cas in the pale moonlight filtering through the curtains.
“Sure,” Dean replies brusquely. Cas gets up using Dean‘s thigh as support and Dean has to suppress a moan as the angel‘s hand presses down on the inside of his leg, warm and heavy.
He‘s taking out his keys to unlock the Impala when there‘s a flapping noise behind him. He spins around, so fast his hand catches on the handle of the door, skin tearing, but he doesn‘t even notice. His eyes scan the parking lot, gleaming with neon light, reflected and real, his heart hammering against his ribs almost painfully hard.
Dean remembers how it felt when he punched Cas, back in the angelic green room. Didn‘t really matter through the mess that was the next days, but his hand hurt for a week. Like hitting a brick wall, literally, and now there‘s this guy punching Cas right in the face, and Cas–
Cas is watching the crumpled body with almost scientific scrutiny, the bloody silver knife still in his hand.
“Great,” Dean groans, as he falls back in step next to Cas, “you do remember you‘re an angel and we hunt ghosts though, right?”
“Cas, look–” he begins, but the other one interrupts him.
Then he‘s gone.
No matter what the future holds for him, he‘ll figure it out, now that he has his angel back at his side.
“Not this drawing,” Cas says, his brows furrowing even deeper, “but something like it, something–” he stops and starts rummaging through the Sheriff‘s documents. Finally he pulls out one of the crime scene photos, a detail shot of the art teacher‘s bed room, showing his limp form draped over the mattress. Cas puts his finger on the wall behind the dead guy‘s head.
“You don‘t need to bother with finding one anymore,” Cas, the other Cas, says, the bitterness in his voice cutting through Dean like barb wire. “You won‘t need it. Go.”
“Alright,” he says gruffly, getting behind the wheel. “So, let‘s get going. Not like we haven‘t wasted enough time already.”
There isn‘t really anything more he can think of to say now, and Cas is just standing there, eyes trained on the blood pooling at his feet.
After a few steps they can clearly see the house and the anxiety in Dean flares up until he can feel his skin crackle with tension, like hordes of tiny ants tip-toeing down his arms. It looks exactly like on the pictures. Two stories, the white paint slightly chipped, its roof the scintillating green of rusting copper. A couple of steps away there‘s an old willow, her hairlike branches slowly wafting in the evening breeze.
, he thinks,
There‘s no answer, but even from his hiding place Dean can feel the tension in the room, a pressure on his chest and static on his skin as he holds his breath, waiting for Cas‘s answer.
It doesn‘t take five minutes till it starts ringing again. Bobby‘s number this time.
“Who wants to know?”
He‘s so out of it, he doesn‘t even notice the black smoke cascading down the demon‘s lips and chin. And then, suddenly, the hands around his neck disappear. The other guy collapses on top of him and he can breathe again, deep, long gulps of delicious air. For a moment he‘s busy just lying on his back and inhaling as deep as he can while being buried under 200 pounds of dead demon vessel. But it doesn‘t take long for the last ten minutes to jump back to the forefront of his mind, more precisely the fact that there had been three demons. And Cas.
“We‘re gonna find a way, I‘m gonna figure something out, Cas,” Dean says urgently, the repetition ringing shallow in his ears. He goes on with a stubborn fierceness that burns through his almost-capitulation, that feels blessedly like himself again. “Dammit, I‘m not going to let you just die again!”
“Sure you can,” he says calmly. “Sure I can, too.”
There‘s a split fraction of a second where he can‘t believe what he just heard. Then he‘s on his feet, gun drawn and trained on her. Next to him he can feel Cas jump up, can hear the slithering of Ruby‘s knife out of its hilt.
Osiris, it says, population 2973.
There is another silence, longer this time. Then Sam says resignedly, “Well, call me if you need help.”
“So I guess we‘ve cleared where you‘ve been and why you‘re still him,” he starts, nodding towards Cas‘s body, “but I guess the biggest question is, why are you here? And please don‘t tell me there‘s another apocalypse waiting for us to run into the ground.”
With a roll he comes to his feet again, and then his training kicks finally in. Instincts drilled into him through years over years, fights over fights, take over and he charges before the guy even has time to turn around. Burying his hands in the man‘s hair he grabs his head and smashes it into the wall, right next to the imprint of his own crash as hard as he can, once, twice, until dark red smears appear on the faded tapestry. Out of the corner of his eyes he can see Cas, the knife in his hand as he‘s being circled warily by the other two demons, and then the guy‘s elbow hits him squarely in the ribs, knocking the breath out of him for the second time.
“An article? You?”
For a second there‘s silence, making him wonder if he overdid it but then Sam just sighs heavily.
Because this is how it is: When he‘s awake his subconscious can‘t seem to grasp that Cas is gone, and in his dreams, it can‘t do anything but.
“Oh,” Dean says, his brows twitching together. The woman and Cas stare at him questioningly, and there is something so bizarre about this combination that it breaks him out of his surprise. He clears his throat, coughing a couple of times for good measure, then flashes his best professional FBI-smile.
, he thinks grimly, yet somehow–
“Alright.”
They leave the car before the last bend. The low sound of the doors clicking shut resounds like a gunshot in the green silence around them.
“You tell me right now what‘s going on here or I swear to God, I‘m just gonna blow your brains out now and leave it at that!”
And then there‘s just him and his baby, speeding down the dark road as fast as possible.
Slowly he lets his eyes wander around the room, careful to avoid any sudden movements. His hand creeps under his pillow, nestling up against the cool handle of the gun lying there. A dark figure is standing next to the rickety table, unmoving.
Cas is still standing in the middle of the room, head cocked, watching Dean with detached sobriety. “Do you really think those three weren‘t the only ones?”
“Fuck this,” he snarls, jerking around and pointing his gun at the witch again, “and what the hell are you laughing at? You enjoy this? You fucking enjoy this?”
The expression on the other one‘s face is still doubtful as Dean gets up and strides over to the bed.
Dean grins. “And I‘m happy to see you still haven‘t grasped the concept of rhetorical questions. So while we‘re at this little Q&A-session we‘ve got going on, I have another one for you: Where the hell have you been all this time?”
Slowly the day passes by, minutes melting into hours melting into late afternoon. The sunlight filtering through the threadbare curtains turns bright, then golden, then darker and darker. More and more Dean finds himself aimlessly staring out of the window instead of focusing on the screen in front of him. The empty paper cups of thin, oily vending machine-coffee are piling next to his elbows, propped up on the table, but he just can‘t shake the listlessness taking over his whole body, his mind.
“Dean,” the other hunter continues insistently, “listen to me, boy, if she‘s–”
The next morning they go to the same diner they went the day before, sitting in the exact same booth. Dean even orders the same, only this time he hardly manages to finish everything off between not being able to take his eyes off Cas and grinning his head off.
“Yes.”
It‘s only a split second that Dean is standing there stunned, unable to do anything else than stare at the glossy darkness covering the man‘s entire eye, pupil, iris, whites. Only a split second that his brain is screaming at him,
Dean cringes inwardly, but just slams the trunk shut and gets behind the wheel. So much for subtly trying to accomplish something. Whatever he was trying to accomplish.
One part of his mind, the bigger one, examines her closely, searching for hints and signs he doesn‘t even know. The other one makes him smile slightly compunctiously, lies tumbling out of his mouth with ease as he makes up a story about some deadline and a boss that expects them back at D.C. beginning of next week.
“Look, Cas,” he starts for what feels like the tenth time, “why don‘t we just give it up for today and head back to the motel.”
But there‘s also Cas, standing right next to him, crowding his personal space as usual, and despite everything he can feel the corner of his mouth curl up.
As he pulls up in front of the house he leans forward to get a better view of the empty windows.
There‘s a slutty blonde standing next to Cas, eying him surreptitiously. When she presses up against his side, long red fingernails running slowly over the back of his hand, Dean narrows his eyes in anger. Even though he‘s not quite sure on the whole ‚his angel‘-deal yet, no one feels him up while he‘s around, that‘s for sure.
“You don‘t say.” With a huff Dean grips the steering wheel tighter. “Cas, please tell me you‘re not being kryptonited by some sorry-ass demons all of a sudden or so God help me, I will find Fate and punch it in the face.”
He doesn‘t look back as the door falls shut behind him, but all the way to the Impala he can feel Cas‘s gaze burn in the skin of his neck. Confused, and hurt, and betrayed.
Because suddenly it hits him: This is it. This is the point where he can turn his back on his old life full of crap and live like a normal person for once.
This time the words ring surprisingly true in his ear. The other Cas‘s eyes widen, then the corners of his mouth turn upwards almost imperceptibly.
“Bullshit,” Dean replies, maybe with a little bit too much force. “Not the first time we let something live that should be dead, won‘t be the last time either. There‘s got to be a way to pull this off, there‘s always a way if you dig deep enough.”
Cas makes a sound almost like a huff. “I knew from past experiences that you disapprove of such measures. Also it seemed more convenient to converse with you wearing a vessel you‘re already accustomed to.” He cocks one of his eyebrows, his head tilting ever so slightly. “Don‘t worry, there‘s no one in here but me.”
“I have the feeling I have seen this before,” Cas replies, not stopping his attempts to burn holes through the paper with his eyes.
“Yeah, OK, it‘s no big deal anyways.” Dean pats Cas‘s shoulder comfortingly, which earns him a astonished look from the angel and he pulls his hand back quickly. “Let‘s just go on with this thing and we‘ll worry about everything else when we need to.” They‘ve reached the Impala and Dean rounds her, fishing his keys out of his pockets. “You OK with that?”
“I mean, uh, not with me in a– you know, in that way,” he rushes out, the words stumbling over each other. “I just meant, when you‘re there drinking beer with me. You know, as in friends having a beer. That‘s all.”
“What?”
“I don‘t know, that Henderson-guy‘s house? He‘s been dead for over a week, so there might not be anything useful left, but at least we‘ll have the house to ourselves.” With a frown he starts the engine. “You know, they‘ve sure got him iced up in that morgue for a long time. Makes you wonder how much the sheriff actually believes all his talk about this being all natural deaths.”
He has the feeling this is something new, Cas‘s mere presence throwing him off track so much. Maybe it‘s just because it‘s all so fresh, Cas coming back from the dead. Or maybe it has been this way before and he just hadn‘t realized. He doesn‘t really know, but at the same time, he doesn‘t really care either.
“I see,“ Dean says. He exchanges a quick glance with Cas, then nods towards the woman. “I think that‘s all we need to ask for now. Thank you for taking the time to answer our questions, Mrs. Miller. We will get back to you in case something comes up.”
From his angle he can only see part of the hall and the kitchen, but it‘s enough. Movement, people, at least three, possibly more. They are rummaging through the drawers and cupboards, and if the noise they are making is any indication they don‘t know that Dean and Cas are here.
The girl under the white linen can‘t be older than fifteen, maybe sixteen. Her long hair is dyed a dull black, heavy makeup obscuring her closed eyes but not hiding the pimples on her forehead and cheeks. She’s a bit on the chubby side, and exactly the kind of girl Dean wouldn‘t have spared one look at back in high school.
“Oh, she did. Just I‘ve never heard of a heart attack on a patient this young. I‘m actually thinking about writing an article on her,” the coroner answers, closing the cabinet much more carefully than Dean before. Dean raises an eyebrow.
“Why?” Cas presses on. “He was acting strangely. He attacked someone he wouldn‘t have attacked normally. These are all signs of demonic possession.”
His brain is blank, his mouth dry, but he forces the words out. Has to, because he needs to hear them as much as he needs to speak them.
Cas reaches for the door bell when Dean puts a hand on his arm, holding him back.
Cas raises an eyebrow in mild reproach, but the smile continues to glint in the corner of his eyes. “We still have a hunt to finish,” he says evenly. Dean winces.
Dean nods. “Yeah, that so improbable?”
the guy, but–”
“Something
Dean just wants to kiss him right then and there.
Dean tosses the phone to the back of the car, too far to reach while he‘s driving. His gaze is set on the dusty street stretching in front of him, his jaw set firmly, his hands gripping the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles turn white.
Dean frowns, but then a new thought occurs to him and he shoots Cas a worried glance. “They were demons, right? Not some Tulpa-kind of thing?”
“Dude, you said you‘d be there.” Even through the static crackling in his cell he can hear the pissed off edge to Sam‘s voice.
As he steps back into the main room he sees Cas at the bar, getting new drinks and a feeling of pride swells in his chest. His angel is getting them new alcohol.
“You know, actually,” he says as casually as he possibly can, “maybe one of us should stay at the motel, do some more research. You mind doing that?”
And then, all of a sudden, the pressure is gone. She exhales sharply, just once. Dean watches horrified, panting heavily, as she slides down his body and onto the floor.
, actually, but as soon as Joe and I were together, he suddenly got it into his mind that he and I were meant for each other.”
“Dean.”
He jumps up so suddenly the other Cas tumbles back in astonishment.
Somehow it feels like past and present overlaying itself, the memories of the real Cas and the ones of this one interweaving and shifting into his mind. His rational mind knows, they are two different entities, but his heart keeps having trouble keeping them apart. Two versions of one truth, a thin line he keeps threatening to fall off of. A duality that keeps tearing at his will, his mind, his existence again and again, tearing him apart and putting him back together countless times. Only this time, he himself doesn‘t know what will turn out on the other side.
“There is?” The hope in Cas‘s voice mirrors the one springing up in Dean, and then–
But he doesn‘t, and in the onslaught of questions this is his only answer.
“OK,” she says hesitantly, her gaze still fixed on Cas. “Well, he started talking to me, complete nonsense. Then he tried to drag me out of the shop, and when I didn‘t want to follow him, he actually started wrestling me to the ground.” She gives a nervous little laugh, shaking her head in disbelief. “Andrew, of all people. Getting violent? Against a woman, against
Until the next time he sees someone with blue eyes, or a sand-colored trench coat, or the black wings of a crow fluttering above barren autumn fields, and he‘s falling apart all over again.
A noise from the kitchen.
And then the decision gets taken out of his hands as heavy footsteps come towards them. Dean hardly has the time to get out his gun when the first of the men walks through the door.
Then Dean‘s at his side and there‘s nothing he wants to do more right now than look after Cas, but there‘s still this fucking son of a bitch yelling at them. So with a punch of his own that bundles all his fury he sets him flying so hard, his back hits the wooden floorboards with an audible thump.
“Now.”
“The hospital?” Deans asks, slightly terrified, racking his brain for memories of angels mind reading. Because yeah, that last train of thought might‘ve led to some inappropriate thoughts about a certain angel and several role-playing-scenarios he himself might like to act out some day or another (and where had that thought come from?) but the hospital, really?
But dammit, Cas has only been back for two days. He can take it slow, or not at all, as long as the angel stays this time. He‘s not gonna mess this one up just because his hormones suddenly go wild.
Fortunately the waitress, a dark-haired teen with braces behind bright red lipstick, chooses this moment to come over to their table. Bracelets are hanging off her wrists by the dozen, little glittery pearl things clinking against Dean‘s cup and he stares at them intently as she pours him another coffee, glad about the distraction.
“How do you know?”
“Yeah, exactly,” Dean says, gesturing with his beer bottle. “How the hell did those sons of bitches even get here? You‘d think the first demons back on our plane would be top brass, not Hell‘s grunts.”
“The girlfriend. She could know something that could be important for the case,” Cas explains slowly, enunciating clearly, as if explaining something to a five-year-old.
“The last victim showed strange behavior,” Cas points out.
After all, he has a long way to drive.
“Who‘d have thought,” Bobby says in lieu of a greeting. “The prodigal son calling in.”
“What are you doing, Dean?”
In all the years he‘s spent without Cas, all the years he‘s been desperately wishing for him to be back, he‘s never really questioned why. Why it has always been Cas, had to be Cas, and not one of the many other people that died for them. Well, he was pretty clear on the fact that his feelings for the guy exceeded normal friendship, but that‘s where his thoughts stopped, cause Cas was a bona fide angel for God‘s sake, and in Dean‘s book that‘s where all sappy Sam-thoughts of anything going on between the two of them just stopped. Besides, there‘s his male vessel and Dean doesn‘t really swing that way.
“I see.” With a groan the man leans forward, pressing an impressive beer belly against his mahogany desk as he finally gives Dean his ID back. “You know, son, hate to tell you,”
He throws Cas a glance, furtive but going for casual and failing miserably at both. He still doesn‘t know where it‘s coming from, this feeling he has to keep the angel out of danger, yet he can‘t shake it off. Not like he‘s trying very hard.
“Just– just all this weird stuff, I don‘t really think it meant anything,” she says, absent-mindedly playing with the end of her braid. “Something about wanting to leave town with me, and when I refused he kept insisting that this was not what I had said before, even though we
Cas doesn‘t answer, instead focuses on his beer, but he looks pleased. Which in return makes Dean feel pleased, and then like a chick and then like a complete idiot. Again.
“Oh, believe me, I would. But what‘s even more important,” her voice softens again, “if I really did, what would happen to you? Would you just fade and disappear? Or live at your hunter‘s side, a happy, long life? Where do you see yourself,
And all Dean can think about is how it would taste if he came in his mouth.
He turns to a body on a gurney in the middle of the room before Dean has the chance to respond. He draws back the white cover with a practiced, fluid motion. “And last but not least we had this one coming in.”
“As soon as you remember something, anything, no matter how sketchy, you tell me, understood?”
“Disgusting,” he grounds out between clenched teeth. “You‘re disgusting. You go on and on, about how high and mighty you are, how old and wise, but what you really are is just a low-life, heartless bitch.”
“Sorry,” Dean signed sheepishly, fist to heart.
Reluctantly, Dean stood up and went to open the door, revealing Eileen, Sam, and their toddler, baby Dean. “Hey guys, come on in,” he said, giving all three of them a hug on their way in the door. He picked up baby Dean and held him in the air, much to the little tyke’s delight. “How’s my little man, huh? Are you excited for Christmas movies?”
They walked back into the living room, where Cas had moved the alcoholic advent calendar to the end table next to the Christmas tree and was now setting up the DVD player.
“I would like that very much, if that’s what you want too.”
Dean had a hunch that she had never visited his shop before, and when he checked out her tires, he knew for sure. The tread was completely worn in patches following a diagonal pattern, and in certain spots the underlying steel tire belt was visible. Dean would never have let her drive off the lot with those tires.
The mom left work right away after the cops notified her, and - Cas perused the subsequent report - she had mentioned instances of paintings falling off the walls, doors slamming, furniture being moved, but nothing close to the destruction of that day. The police had chalked it up to a very clever home invader and told the family to invest in a better security system.
Musing about the nature of humanity along the ends of the toy aisles, he had walked past a little red creature that started singing at him. He finished his shopping quickly after that.
Dean only half-listened to the rest of her tirade about ‘Mr. Singer’s’ negligence, and wished that he’d had a second cup of Cas’s excellent coffee before he left that morning.
Castiel pushed the box into Dean’s hands. It was beautifully wrapped in red and green plaid paper, corners tucked in so neatly it looked professionally done. Dean fondly remembered Cas practicing during their first official Christmas together. He’d turned gift-wrapping into an art form in just a few short days.
Then, Charlie and her girlfriend, Kara visited on the second Saturday in December for an early holiday dinner, bringing a poinsettia as a gift for the hosts. This one had white leaves, and it stood out amongst a sea of red.
“God rest ye, merry gentlemen, let nothing you dismay…” Sam sang off-key.
“I love you.”
Moving was a chaotic affair, but they got settled in right in time for the holiday season. During their very first Christmas in their new home, Jimmy lifted Claire all the way up to the top of the tree so she could put the angel back in its place, where it remained, watching over them, until it was finally time to rest.
What a little shit, coming up with the perfect gift. And he knew it too. Dean leaned over and kissed him on the lips, running a hand through his soft, black hair. “God, Cas. This is amazing.” Dean kissed him again, all soft lips and lingering sighs and feeling the rough stubble of his cheek under his thumb. He parted his lips and Dean pressed in, silky, tasting sweet mint on Castiel’s tongue.
Jimmy was of the mind that Christmas decorations looked best when they were left up year-round, but his parents always made him take everything down after New Year’s. The ornaments were put away, the lights were wrapped up, and finally, Jimmy’s dad lifted him all the way up once again so he could reach the angel. He cushioned it carefully in tissue paper and set it back in its box, not to be opened again until next Christmas.
It also allowed him to feel human drives; hunger, thirst, desire, pain. All the risks and rewards of freedom.
Sam nodded and went to the kitchen to put in an order for delivery. Eileen took Miracle out to the back yard to throw his ball, leaving baby Dean to once again help Cas clean up their snacks. Dean went upstairs and laid in bed on top of his electric heating pad. The truth was, his back ached something awful. It had never been the same since he’d been thrown onto that piece of rebar, in a vampire hunt years ago.
The smell that pervaded the house was wonderful; garlic and rosemary under the scent of sizzling steak. Cas’s stomach growled, and he realized he hadn’t eaten since yesterday. It was easy for an angel to lose track of such things, but Dean always took care of him.
Sam’s growl was furious. “Leaving alcohol out where Dean can reach it?”
“So you’ve never seen Rudolf before?” Dean asked, peering intently at his nephew.
A burst of snow accompanied him through the front door and he hurriedly shut it against the cold night air. Inside, It was inexplicably loud. Dean froze for a moment, reaching instinctively for a gun he wasn’t carrying before he realized that there was no immediate danger.
Dean sat down next to him and wrapped an arm around Cas’s shoulder. “Are you coming to bed, baby? It’s getting late.”
They received the third poinsettia from Eileen. She said that she and Sam had each gone shopping separately and bought a poinsettia for each other. They didn’t need two, so she thought Dean and Cas might like it. Dean had no choice but to accept the gift; he wasn’t rude. The kitchen table was now the most festive area of the house.
Dean was already home when Cas, bypassing the struggle of opening the door with his hands full, teleported into the kitchen.
There were rumors of trickery, sabotage, and bribery, fueled by the relative anonymity of the winner. She was an outsider, just moved into town, a wild card in a community center that was populated mainly by bored, middle-aged housewives. And she had stolen their prize.
“I’ve never seen that knife before,” Cas said, implying a question.
It was nearly five in the morning when they were finished, and Dean finally set the Christmas-tree-shaped frame in the living room, across the room from the real Christmas tree. Cas brought the poinsettias and set them into the loops ringing the frame, building a Christmas tree out of poinsettias from the ground up.
Cas was, however, sometimes baffled at their choice of gifts.
“You need to get these cleaned or replaced,” he said, thinking about the two bored kids sitting in the back of the minivan.
Cas leaned into Dean’s side, wrapping an arm around his waist. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
They shook on it, and half an hour before noon, the pie was cooling on the countertop.
Flinching mightily, Dean nearly flipped the contents of the pan straight onto the floor. He chuckled weakly when he saw who it was. “Jesus Christ, man. Could you try knocking first, or something?”
The box was covered in a thick layer of dust when he found it again. He and Amelia had finally put their down payment on a house, and Jimmy went home to collect the childhood things that hadn’t fit in their apartment. Brushing the dust off, he opened the box and smiled at the little angel inside.
“Nope! First time ever!”
It had sat in the grandfather’s garage for over a decade, and though the body and the interior were in generally good condition, it needed a tune-up. The lucky new owner had also requested a conversion from the original steering to power steering, and an addition of brake boosters to up the stopping power without compromising the integrity of the original brakes. There was plenty of work for Dean to do.
After a lifetime of conditioning, Dean was on his feet and already downstairs before he was even fully awake. “What happened? Vampires?”
“What is it?” Sam asked. His voice was hoarse from the constant loud singing.
“Jesus Christ, Dean. He’s three!”
As it turned out, they had recently purchased a painting of a sunset from a charity auction. All seemed normal until Cas tore off the paper backing, revealing the signature of the painter; it was not created by some local artist as the family had assumed, but by someone who went down in history as a serial killer. The alizarin crimson was fortified with actual human blood, and the victim had become a restless spirit, tethered to the painting and unable to rest.
He led her and her kids inside, where he proceeded to order the tires she needed and called her an Uber for good measure. Soon after, she left her keys and contact information in an envelope and (to Dean’s great pleasure) got the hell out of his office.
The clock on the microwave showed 1:31 AM. Cas hadn’t realized how late it was; the vampire hunt had taken longer than he thought.
“Toddlers get into everything! Everything.” Sam gazed into the distance, evidently experiencing war flashbacks, before snapping back to Cas. “You’re supposed to be an angel, and you can’t watch him for a minute?”
Dean stared at Eileen incredulously. He’d had very little experience with fairies in his lifetime, but from what he’d seen before, well… a Christmas curse wasn’t out of the realm of possibility. “Okay, so, she won the pie and got cursed earlier today, you guys went to visit this afternoon, and now Sam’s got her curse? How’d that happen?”
After gathering up his gear, Cas teleported to her location and began to investigate. Blood samples taken from patients on her floor were regularly going missing, and in the last few days, patients had complained of strange puncture wounds appearing overnight. People who were already ill or in recovery from surgery were becoming dangerously anemic.
It was curious, this human impulse to show their love by feeding each other. Taking care of each other’s most basic need, giving the blessing of not needing to worry about where the next meal was coming from.
“Yeah, then he’ll be unstoppable,” Eileen signed, looking fondly at her son, who was “helping” Castiel carry in a tray of popcorn and snacks. They set their offerings on the coffee table and passed out small plates.
“You need to fix this now!” she screeched.
After that rocky start, the rest of the day passed much more pleasantly. Dean spent a couple of hours replacing the master cylinder and brake lines on a PT Cruiser, called up the owner, and sent them on their way.
“Santa Claus is coming’ to town,” Sam sang, which Dean took as an affirmative.
Dean had established his auto shop not too long after the end of the world had been averted. What with the difficulty of job searching with no resume, he had found it easier to start his own business, instead. The benefits of setting his own hours were numerous; he could pick up a hunt every once in a while maintaining a steady income.
“Yeah!” Baby Dean cheered and giggled, and Dean set him gently on the floor.
He was surprised to see Eileen’s car in the driveway, though not particularly concerned. Eileen, Sam, or both visited often to consult on a case, have dinner, or just catch up.
Cas burned the painting and the spirit finally moved on. In their gratitude, the family had insisted he take home the apple pie that had been cooling on the counter and shoved a plant into his hands. Arms full of ghost-hunting equipment and the family’s generous gifts, Cas left, waiting until he reached the cover of shadows before teleporting home.
Word of her condition quickly spread. The same vindictive old birds who thought she had cheated said she got what she deserved. Others said it was some sort of marketing stunt, though, for what product, no one had an answer. She was even featured on the afternoon radio show and attempted in vain to describe her predicament through song lyrics.
Sam’s voice filtered up the staircase. He was singing “Santa Baby,” and sounded utterly miserable about it.
“Our baby is fine,” Eileen signed and then ruffled baby Dean’s hair. “Besides, he will be really popular in high school when he can tell his friends he had his first drink when he was three.”
“We won’t make that mistake if we ever have kids.”
As it turned out, Snowflake wanted the stocking for that exact reason. The more love and sentimentality an object holds, the more power it can provide for the fae.
Picking up the advent calendar, Dean went into the kitchen to put it away in the liquor cabinet. What a little legend, that kid. Dean vowed to teach him how to drink whisky eventually, though not until he was twenty-one.
Cas answered, and listened to the tale of a nurse Dean had helped out long ago with some kind of supernatural problem. She was now convinced that one of her phlebotomists was a vampire.
He kissed Cas’s shoulder. “And how does that make you feel?”
Days passed, and more poinsettias appeared as if magnetically attracted to Dean and Cas.
Pouring four glasses of Macallan, Dean sighed. John had not been an affectionate father. Hell, he’d been downright dictatorial, but that knife had always managed to make Dean feel that he was worth something. “It was in that box on the dresser,” he told Cas. “I haven’t used it in years. It was just… I don’t know. A reminder.” He handed out the glasses.
Dean blinked. “What’s wrong with Sam?”
Miriam argued that it was special to her. It had been a family heirloom for a very long time, and it meant a lot to Miriam to see it hanging on the mantle every Christmas. It helped her feel closer to her mother.
Raising his glass in a toast, Dean began, “Well guys, although it’s been said many times, many ways… Merry Christmas to you.”
Cas secretly liked them. They were so full of life, spirits humming with the simple joy of being a plant with plenty of light, water, and warmth. At night, they were quiet, and Cas liked to sit on the kitchen floor and listen to them breathe. Soft yellow light from the Christmas tree spilled from the living room into the kitchen, and Cas gazed at his flowers with a tranquility he hadn’t felt since he’d first told Dean he loved him.
Snowflake bowed to Dean before disappearing in a snap. His hand closed around empty air.
Nobody noticed that Dean had arrived until he planted himself in the middle of the living room. Cas and Eileen started talking to him at once, and he could neither hear what they were saying over the cacophony nor understand Eileen’s rapid signing; he wasn’t completely fluent in ASL yet.
“Besides disprove the redshirt theory,” Lieutenant Commander Bradbury butted in brightly. “I mean, you were accident-prone before, but now you wear gold, and on your
“Know thine enemy,” Meg declared. “I read Terran. Boring, but I read it.”
“You interrupted my prayers,” Castiel said.
“What?” Dean gulped.
“Fanks, gov’na.”
As many wounds as possible had been cleaned, but still, the unfortunate creature before Castiel was barely recognizable as a human. The medics had at least finished setting his shattered arm — Castiel was grateful for that, as skeletal injuries always took their greatest toll on him — and all that remained visible of the wounds was a horrific burn on his shoulder, shaped like a comet with five flaming trails. Dean Winchester’s other limbs were all but shredded, his organs still on the brink of collapse, his nervous system a disaster, and the several regulators attached to the patient — around what was left of his nose and mouth — obscured much of his face from view. In fact, it seemed the only thing the torturers hadn’t desecrated were the man’s eyes, peacefully hidden beneath the delicate, almost shiny curves of his eyelids.
Dean grinned. His teeth were square and satisfying.
The helmsman thudded the heel of his boot against the trunk of the biobed while his mind worked. Castiel was not sure if he was searching for the words to describe his accident, if he was having emotional difficulty reliving it, or if he was struggling to remember it at all. It would be so much easier if Castiel just put his hand on Dean’s face and sifted through his memories — quick, surgical, simple. Castiel would be out of sickbay and back to retrieving the Seal in less than a minute.
A giant spike had shot from a hidden cannon on the side of the hill, pinning Dean to the ground by a dark building, impaling the older Winchester through his gut. His tricorder was tossed to the side, his golden shirt darkening rapidly around the iron pole inside him. Sam fell at his brother’s side and pawed at his brother’s face, light-headed with grief and denial. Dean fluttered his eyes open weakly.
“Ow,” he muttered.
“Well, I’m a
CHAIN OF COMMAND
“Or I made it up completely,” Dean mused, and somehow that was worse-worse-worse.
A total nut-job, really — obsessed with reviving our oldest religion, slaying all weaker races, bringing about the domination of Klingon rule across the galaxy… Can’t say I was ever a fan.”
“We manifested him,” Kevin remarked when he saw the first officer approach.
Zachariah slapped on his God-forsaken smile again. “It appears Naomi has succeeded in relaying our intentions,” he said.
Dean was still breathing. He realized he’d squeezed his eyes shut. He opened them slowly.
as your backup officer.”
do while serving his time-out.
We put our sixteen-and-a-half year old kitty to sleep on Tuesday (kidney failure) and I just wanted to say that working on this has really brought me some comfort. She was very much a Castiel-like guardian angel presence in our lives and I miss her sitting beside me on my futon while I write. I see her in the clouds and the flowers and the indentation on my pillow. She lived long and she prospered. Rest in peace Sadie, I will always love you.
Castiel was nodding, but his brow was knit tightly over those droopy blue eyes. It wasn’t until Dean observed Castiel’s confusion that he realized the kind of stupid faces
“Calling the Commander by his race is disrespectful,” Kevin said.
“Your nipples?”
— and the two nodded to each other calmly, almost gentlemanly, as Dean slipped into his room. Castiel then walked away.
“Can’t pick what up?” Sam asked.
workforce jammed in the meeting hall, and tried to focus on the fairy lights under his fingers.
Sam cocked his head. All he knew about the infamous Project Genesis was that it began in a research facility with a team of humans, Klingons, and Seraphim, and a falling-out among the leading scientists had led to an interplanetary arms race. It had been a much bigger deal when Sam was little, but recently there were rumors that the project was resurfacing.
Ellen, Sam, Ash, and Jody had the decency not to remark on Dean’s apparent cooperation when he and Castiel strode into the transporter room. Ketch did not.
“What were you doing down here, Mister?” Captain Harvelle shot back. Dean averted his eyes.
“Oh, shit,” Dean said happily.
and abstained from offering any further insights.
gonna throw up.”
“I’ve been
He whisked away the swelling in Dean Winchester’s jaw, formed his eyebrows into a discernible shape, faded the bruises on his neck into a natural color. Freckles appeared over the new skin of his cheeks. His eyelids remained closed, but in a final push of his Grace, Castiel could sense that beneath them his irises were green.
“Yeah, Sammy, I‘m alright. It wasn‘t a walk in the park, but I‘m good. Really.”
“Don‘t need to. Know what he would‘ve said and it wouldn‘t have been about how to trap her, you can bet on that.”
“Yeah, well,” he continues, taking a long gulp of his own bottle, “this whole thing‘s just weird. I mean, where did those demons come from? What did they want in that house? Were they looking for us?” He licks his lips absent-mindedly, re-playing the whole scenario in his head, before he‘s looking back at Cas. Who to his surprise is blushing, then nervously clears his throat.
“I‘m sorry I can‘t offer you anything,” the woman says, smiling. “I wasn‘t expecting company.”
“Yeah, whatever,” he shrugs, as Cas is getting into the passenger seat. “You still got your angel stick of death?” Cas shakes his head and Dean hands him Ruby‘s knife. “Then I guess you better take this. And now,” he says as the Impala starts purring under his hands, “let‘s just get this hunt started.”
“Yeah, well, the files. They‘re not much though, what with those people dying of natural causes.” The sheriff casts Dean another skeptic glance. “But I‘ll just have Christine copy them for you. Christine!” he yells, making Dean flinch at the volume.
“No one,” Dean says calmly.
He grabs the bag, now almost full, and heads to the bathroom, accentuating every word with another item that‘s shoved in with the rest of his belongings. “We‘re getting out of here and that‘s my last word.”
With a violent snap he pushes the safety back on, jerking the gun downwards. Turns around. Cas is staring at him, his eyes so dark they seem almost black and his expression so helpless, so desperate, it would break his heart right there and then.
As it becomes clear there‘s nothing more to come, Dean suppresses a sigh and leans forward in the visitor‘s chair. “Sir, I know I‘m crossing into your territory here, but my boss sent me here, wants me to do a little in-depth check, you know how it is. We just want to rule out we‘ve got another serial going on.”
“Everything OK?”
He can see clearly how the angel looks up in surprise at the woman‘s touch. How she leans forward, presenting ample cleavage in a low-cut bodice. Cas‘s lips move but Dean‘s too far away to hear the words themselves. The woman just smiles at Cas uneasily but the guy next to her, a heavy-built guy with a shaved head and a bull‘s neck that up to now seemed to be just another drunk, suddenly spins around and fixates Cas with blood-shot eyes.
“Dean, are you alright?” the angel asks him after Dean almost chokes on a piece of pie that went down the wrong way when Cas licked his lips.
He decides to go through the living room first. Not much there, though, the EMF remains silent, no sulfur, plasma or anything. The only thing even remotely interesting is a dirty wine glass under the couch that bears a distinctive red lip print.
Cas‘s gaze flicker from his face to the plaster trickling from the wall and back. Resignation is back in his eyes, so deep that Dean‘s own bones ache with it.
“How do you wanna know?” he says, bitterness giving his words too much of an edge.
“Southern Utah, three people died of heart failure in less than two weeks.”
So there was nothing that‘s prepared him for the wave of need and want that‘s currently raging through his body.
He looks up in surprise at the soft edge of Bobby‘s voice. But then he remembers a figure slouched in a wheelchair next to a bed, a gun in limp hands and blood splattered over a white pillow. So he just nods at Bobby, then turns abruptly, swinging the bag into the container a few feet away.
“Ok,” he says.
Dean leans forward, eyes narrowing. The photograph is only black and white and grainy and slightly blurred, but still he can make out the picture hanging on the wall pretty well. It shows the same house as Megan‘s drawing.
“Yeah, about that–” he starts, then falters. How do you explain an angel of the lord, all righteous and dutiful, that you‘re not into hunting down evil anymore but instead dreaming of doing the whole white-picket-fence-thing with him? Besides, something inside of him stirs uncomfortably at the thought of leaving this unfinished, at the people that are going to be hurt for certain if they don‘t stop this now.
“Yeah,” Dean starts, his mind already putting together a little story about why they don‘t have them here, and about what‘s wrong with them in the first place, when suddenly Cas places his pictures on the table. Carefully he slides them over to her.
“That behavior they were mentioning, when did that happen? When he was attacking you?” Dean asks.
“You are,” Dean says, and the lie burns his tongue.
Dean pulls himself up to his full height again, glaring at him in disbelief. “Did you not hear what she said? I kill her, you die. So no, I‘m not planning to kill her.”
Cas huffs out a helpless laugh that‘s far too close to a sob. “God dammit, Dean, didn‘t you listen? I‘m killing you! I‘m not Castiel, I‘m not real. I‘m not even alive.”
“Bobby, I need your help,” Dean cuts to the chase, ignoring the sarcasm in the other hunter‘s tone.
Dean knocks him out cold right there and then. Not like he gives a rat‘s ass about that kind of talk from a guy who‘s just hit Cas. When he gets up, breathing heavily, red hot rage still clouding his mind and vision, the silence around him rings loud in his ears. A circle of people has formed around them, and in between the shocked and alarmed faces he sees too many angry ones.
For the past twenty-four hours, Castiel had been suffering from a particularly strong migraine. The timing coincided precisely with the moment he had beamed down to Rosencia and witnessed Dean doing stealthy somersaults between buildings for no reason other than his own amusement. As Doctor Singer had patched Dean up in sickbay afterward, and as Castiel had checked the helmsman’s mind for damage, he had nearly lost all his focus due to the electric buzzing beneath his skin. Once Dean had returned to the bridge, Castiel had borrowed Doctor Singer’s equipment to determine if he was, perhaps, allergic to the older Winchester.
“You were wrong.”
The attacker was just a few feet from them now, but Sam’s eyes were on Dean’s face. His big brother. His big brother, who carried him out of the fire, and now Sam was going to watch him die in one, just like Jessica, just like Mom—
want to revive him?”
She would be disciplined for disobeying orders. And while Chancellor Alastair had remained impassive on the situation so far, Starfleet knew that was not going to last long. Much of why Castiel had been transferred to the
“Go away,” he called.
Castiel did as well; it would be much more complicated to deal with a walking headache constantly displaying gratitude towards him than it would be to deal with a walking headache functioning on a foundation of ignorance and sarcasm. It was much easier to be a Seraph on a ship full of humans when the humans weren’t attempting to form “emotional bonds” with him. The way Sam looked at him, with his eyebrows knotted up and his face so horrifically open and tender, was stressful enough.
with an exasperated shake of his head, but he actually seemed to be in a fairly good mood. Dean had a feeling it wouldn’t last. Whenever Sam was in the same room as John — whether he was flesh and blood or just a portrait on the wall — things either got real sappy or real stormy real quick. Dad had that effect on people.
She hurried to Dean. Castiel turned back towards the building, thinking of Naomi’s mantras.
” Dean shuddered. Castiel only had the strength to catch his breath and pull himself to his feet. He turned to Captain Harvelle and the rest of the landing party, who were now gathered at the base of the bluff.
“The thought had not occurred to me,” Uriel admitted.
Sam took a few steps forward at the mention of Dean, his thin eyebrows scrunched up tight on his forehead.
in there—”
not the ho-hum milk run they’d organized for him and Jo the day before.
“Yeah, maybe I’ll break my leg more often,” Sam joked.
Apparently Dean was mistaken, and Sam was done pretending. “Getting killed isn’t doing your job right,” he stated.
Dean blinked. “I did, too.” The last time Sam would have seen it, the thing was hanging around Dean’s neck, and Dean was being beaten and gagged by Gehennian slave traffickers. Dean had no memory of what happened to it afterwards and therefore had no idea how it ended up on his floor. “Guess I brought it back up with me.”
“Spectacular,” Harvelle said. “That means you can escort Dean back upstairs.”
If wading through the jungle had been hard, running through it was impossible; every few steps, a root sprung to life and grabbed Dean’s ankles, thick and heavy vines threatened to bash in his head, and the leaves pushed back with as much force as they were struck.
Sam’s brain was pounding; he tasted blood in his mouth. As he lifted his face from the dirt, faint flashes of light cut through the dissipating black cloud. The ringing in his ears was replaced with the whistle of phaser fire.
“Cut conservatively,” Dean called as his brother disappeared. He glanced at Castiel knowingly. “Pretty soon Sam’s not gonna have any hair left at all. Then we’ll know it’s the Apocalypse.”
“I swear I was just getting some readings—”
“That technique has not been used in many cycles,” Naomi said. “Why do you propose this method over a simple reading?”
“Same here,” Singer said. “So, here’s hopin’ our skill sets balance out.”
Even through video, it was improper for Castiel to meet her eyes. That was a strange difference, working with humans — the eye thing. Human eyes were meant to be studied; in fact, understanding humans proved more difficult without eye contact. Seraphim were the opposite.
after Rufus Turner took a phaser blast for Sam.
“This Mister Crowley has proven his loyalties to us,” Naomi said. “At least in that he has proven he acts in his own best interest, and he firmly believes his best interest is acting as our ally.”
This crew loved Dean. Love: an alien concept to a Seraph, and definitions were of little assistance. “An intense feeling of deep affection.” Castiel did not know affection, either. Yet in those moments, on this ship, when he felt something was wrong… Perhaps the wrong feelings, those Gabriel and Anael had felt and been extinguished for, perhaps these were feelings that humans gave names such as these to. And perhaps, in humans, they did not feel so wrong. It hurt to think about. Castiel tried not think about it, but he could not avoid it, not as he felt the steady pulse through the soft skin of Dean’s palms, not as his essence coursed through every vein in the man’s body, not as he gently felt upward into the man’s brain, hoping for a glimpse at what affection was worth, what love was worth.
“I can’t stop thinking about it,” Captain Harvelle said, much quieter and slower than she had spoken before.
* * *
He brushed past Dean into the hallway and the door slid shut. Funny how Castiel didn’t seem to value privacy until it was his own that was at stake. Must be that no-empathy thing.
. “I’m sorry.”
“I hope not,” Castiel quipped.
“Dean,” Sam hissed. He grabbed Dean’s arm, probably thinking they were about to die. As Dean stared into the Hellhound’s soulless eyes, he couldn’t say he felt differently.
Castiel took a step into Dean’s personal space. “I do not obey your orders,” he rumbled, cocking his head, “and you do not give them.”
“Purely in the metaphorical sense,” Castiel said.
Castiel put his hand down and turned to Bobby, blank-faced, and Dean broke eye contact with the Seraph so fast his eyeballs got whiplash. “He’s fine, Doctor.”
“Turns out Zachariah was telling the truth,” Harvelle said. “The mission was pretty simple, after all.”
“Sir,” Castiel turned to Ellen, a distant look in his eyes. “This ship is a Seraphim vessel.” A collective murmur of confusion crossed the bridge as the science officer’s gaze wandered about in thoughtful concentration. “I can sense them. It is… Zachariah and Uriel.”
And now Dean was not only speaking but
Castiel cocked his head. “I asked you first.”
While researching whether everything in Star Trek took place in the Milky Way (it does) I came across Voyager 1's last picture of Earth and the passage by Carl Sagan about the pale blue dot and I have not cried that hard in a long time. I officially don't believe in Alternate Universes — what the hell do you think all those other billion GALAXIES in the universe are?! In the original Star Trek series, they only explored SEVEN PERCENT of the entire Milky Way galaxy and already met so many other worlds and civilizations. So therefore. All the billion galaxies in the universe are alternates of our own.
“Do not call me ‘dude’,” Castiel muttered.
“No. I was sent for a purpose,” Cas said in a totally not creepy way. “Naomi and my superiors believed I had the correct disposition to interact with humans. I was a very good soldier, considered incorruptible.” At Dean’s confused reaction, he elaborated. “I have proven devout. And level-headed. Zachariah finds my status illogical; he believes he should have been chosen. But he, like many in his regiment, has great pride.”
Winchester entered the room and lowered himself into the seat. Although his skin was washed, he still stunk of death, his blue tunic mottled with various species’ blood ranging in color from violet to red to pink to green. Castiel slid the door shut and returned to his position. Winchester continued glancing fervently at Castiel, all the while carefully avoiding eye contact, jiggling one knee with his hands folded on the table. When Harvelle still did not initiate the interview after several seconds, Castiel prompted her.
Dean concurred, and, having heard enough of the conversation and being a fairly poor contributor to it, took the opportunity to slip away behind a boulder and get a better view of these mysterious buildings. He began following the curve of an abrupt hill down for about a hundred yards until he came up behind another boulder. Peering around the edge, he found he was just outside of a dark stone building. Tricorders were great and all, but there was nothing like a little look-see to help form a proper plan.
Andrew
“With Castiel,” Sam said. “I mean, it seemed like you got along alright today.”
“Commander,” said Sam Winchester’s voice. Castiel turned in that direction and tried to blink him into focus. He had difficulty reading his expression when it was covered in tears.
“I claimed Starfleet would
Sam prevented a murder by wrapping his hands around his own neck instead of Dean’s. “Exactly. He
“We had it under control, Cas,” Dean said, but the words came out so hoarse even
“Never did like Clifford, the big ugly bitch,” Dean said.
"I don’t think everything happens for a reason. I just think we should make what’s happened worth happening."
“Just professionally,” Chuck explained. “I gotta know all the big names, you know.”
The two men stopped outside Dean’s bedroom door, the hunter’s hand resting on the knob and the angel standing with an absent-minded expression as he gazed at Dean. They shared a sigh. Neither of them had anywhere to go, so why did it feel like they were wasting time?
“Shh,” she hissed. “Don’t you hear that?”
“Crowley,” Crowley responded, taking her hand with remarkably human charisma, “King of the Crossroads. But that’s just a nickname. I simply make deals.”
“I swear to God, Ketch,” Dean hissed, doing a record fast count to ten in his head to stop himself from wringing the Brit’s neck. “Are you gonna help me get back on security, or what?”
Right as Castiel’s hand, frozen to his side, was beginning to twitch, Dean spoke up.
“The secretions render the victim, ah…” Chuck dabbed at his beard with a napkin gingerly. “I’m not sure how to say it in Standard.”
Sorry, I don’t speak
“You still have this?” Sam held it up. It was the Idolian amulet Sam had dug up when they were kids. “I thought you… lost it.”
Dybbuk huffed deeply, staring at the puddle of puke like a forbidden treat. Sam gagged.
Sam glanced up with a petulant expression, then cocked his head. “Speaking of faces, what’d you do to yours? Get in a car accident?”
“Well, I think it is an effective wellness strategy,” Castiel said. “Your pajamas are admittedly quite comfortable.”
Sam would not have noticed the hostiles had Rufus not distinguished them. They were a trio of young Klingon prisoners, their pickaxes trained on the Starfleet officers. The away team kept their heads straight on the road ahead of them, proceeding toward the warden’s office. Sam’s fingers twitched at his sides.
Sam stopped mopping up Ketch’s mouth-water from the table and looked up to see Castiel walking towards the group.
While you assisted his physical recovery, Mister Winchester could not regain a sufficient quality of life without a telepathic intervention.
“Anael was her colleague,” Cas said, nodding. His unsettling eyes panned back to Mom, which Dean took as a signal that he didn’t need to elaborate. He liked that about Cas. He couldn’t always connect all the dots, but when he did, they were the dots that really mattered.
Dean flashed his teeth brightly as if he hadn’t been pitching a hissy fit for the last half day.
“So, Dean,” Doctor Singer prompted.
and Castiel's eyebrows shot up — one of the few facial expressions he was beginning to develop. “I see. A figure of speech.”
“Castiel is a little weird, but he’s a good person,” Sam responded, preventing Dean’s lecture.
It took several moments for Dean’s vision to focus enough to take in his surroundings.
Castiel pulled up his chair and leaned over Dean again, splaying his hand over the man’s peaceful face — his thumb to his chin, one finger against the soft skin below his eye, one at the curve of his brow—
Castiel’s role as a healer was a complex one. It seemed obvious that an individual with such useful abilities should use them when needed, but Castiel was the
Castiel was listening, but he found it difficult to focus. As he scanned over the human faces in the gymnasium — Doctor Singer and Nurse Mills pale and solemn, Captain Harvelle comforting her daughter, Lt. Commander Ketch wringing his hands — Castiel realized that he was struggling to narrow in on any single piece of data. All the emotions: so many minds he’d have to violate with his own to actually understand.
Sam groaned. “Now
* * *
Castiel hadn’t taken the event lightly. He’d spent the next week sifting Dean for clues as to what he meant until he’d annoyed him enough to receive the silent treatment. He stockpiled lore on creatures with flippers and made himself a chart with events in their recent history that may have emotionally scarred Dean deep enough to make him dream about not being able to pick something up. Sam, meanwhile, had precisely documented the moment in his journal, giving it a special bookmark to not only commemorate its originality, but Castiel’s overprotective reaction. He quoted the flipper night frequently, to Castiel’s distress and Dean’s embarrassment, until it wasn’t funny anymore. It took years.
Sam tried to be a good officer… how? Dean knew Sam liked the science, the people, the mystery, the adventure… but ever since he was a kid, Sam had no interest in what the “space cops” stood for. He would’ve been better off if they’d left him in the dingy
“I said, course correction, Mister Winchester. We’re drifting a little.”
Castiel hypothesized that even a study of an extreme case of Humanity — this ex-redshirt Winchester — would serve as a rather helpful subject to compare all further case studies to.
This is a very long chapter.
“Yes. Briefly.” Castiel’s thoughts were preoccupied by the hostage as well — less so with his appearance, but the lengths the torturers seemed to have taken to keep him alive during his imprisonment. He was looking forward to a chance to sit down alone with the hostage, study him, heal what he could, perform his duty. His fist ached.
Three weeks ago, you completed your private trials and boarded the
So here they were: wandering through a mess of tall grass and boulders and steep, maze-like hills, looking for any kind of clue besides the Seraphim Telepathic Superhighway to assist in the recovery of Seal Number One. The planet was some Class M globe of little importance in a solar system of even less importance, but it happened to be the location of the closest Seal; only a few light-years off the
Lying to Sam sucked. Because Dean knew Sam never believed him, but Sam would always pretend like he did. And he was very, very bad at pretending.
me. I need Lilith not to blow it all up.”
Castiel nodded. “In theory, I may be able to bury his trauma for him, and allow him to wake up as the Dean you know and love.”
* * *
The door slid shut behind Sam before Dean could whoop his ass.
“Of course,” Zachariah continued, “
“I didn’t realize your mental radio thing was so precise,” Ellen commented, referring to the supposed telepathic link Seraphim shared with one another.
Cas helped too, those clever fingers kneading away the tension, performing a little angelic miracle to take away Dean’s pain. But he was busy downstairs.
“He was cursed,” Cas said at the same time Eileen said, “He double-crossed the fae.”
There was a merry sparkle in Eileen’s eye, and Sam crossed over to help her have an impromptu conversation about the dangers of alcohol with his toddler.
“Sam ate the pie,” Eileen signed.
Castiel’s kiss told Dean everything he needed to know.
Dean and Cas got another poinsettia each after they successfully hunted ghouls in a farming town in Texas.
Locking the cabinet, making sure to double-check, Dean leaned over Cas, pinning him to the counter with his arms on either side of his waist. “He’ll come around. You’re just too… irresistible.” He kissed Cas gently. And again. And again.
“Alright, you need four new tires and a wheel alignment. I can check and see if I have any available for your car, but I might need to order ‘em in. You’ll need to leave your car here until then, but uh… I won’t charge you for parking,” he added because he knew it would piss her off.
One of his favorite memories was putting the angel on the top of the tree. While he was still small enough, his dad would pick him up so he could reach the very top, and together, they would recite one of Jimmy’s favorite verses:
Dean pulled back to look Cas in the face. His eyes were soft, and his lip twitched, as if unsure whether to smile or not. “God, Cas, what did I do to deserve you?” He hugged his angel tight, and Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. “You want to have kids?”
Cas had no idea which angel had performed that particular miracle, but it sounded on-brand for the heavenly host. Most angels only helped humanity when it served the glory of the Lord. Or maybe Cas was just a cynic.
Dean stood and stretched, back twinging from sitting still for so long.
Dean pulled up a picture on his phone, and a slow smile spread across Cas’s face.
When the movie ended, baby Dean declared it a rousing success and repeated many of his favorite lines. Eileen taught him the signs for “Silver and Gold,” which he learned quickly and turned around immediately to teach it to Sam.
Either way, it didn’t explain why the family had given him one. They didn’t know he was an angel, right? The plant symbolized sacrifice, success, happiness, or purity; was it perhaps a wish that he would experience one of these? He’d take success or happiness, but he’d sacrificed far too much already, and he was so far beyond purity that it was almost a joke.
“Dean?”
“For God’s sake, guys! Learn how to take turns. So, Sam is cursed? Why was he messing around with fairies anyway?”
“My hands were full,” Cas explained, finally setting everything down. He put the pie and the plant on the table and returned the duffle bag back to its place in the basement before returning to Dean.
Eventually, Jimmy became too big for his dad to lift, and too short to reach the top of the tree, so he stopped putting the angel up. In fact, he forgot about it. The little cardboard box sat in the back of the closet for years, and other favorites took its place. There was a baseball glove that he got when he joined the team in junior high, and a personalized photo ornament of Jimmy and his first girlfriend (which somehow found its way into the bin after they broke up), and a little figurine of his college mascot that his mom gave him when he graduated.
“I love you too, Dean.”
Rubbing his forehead, Dean sighed. Messing with the fae; Sam should have known better.
The vampire’s head rolled onto the floor in a spray of blood, fangs still extended.
“I called you seventeen times,” Eileen said at the same time Cas said, “Misfortune has befallen your brother.”
“Yes.”
He handed baby Dean to Eileen and headed back downstairs, gesturing for Sam to follow him into the kitchen. Riffling through the fridge, he realized he didn’t have any cream… “Think Baileys will work?” he asked Sam, grabbing the bottle out of the liquor cabinet.
“Mm?”
Dean didn’t recognize her and had half a mind to throw her out, but it was still early in the day. He’d humor her for a minute, if only for the satisfaction of watching her face turn red when he revealed that he was the owner.
From downstairs came Sam’s despondent voice, singing the lyrics to “We Wish You a Merry Christmas.” Dean laughed. What a dummy.
The knife was gone, as was the Irish cream in the bowl.
“Do you like it?” Dean asked, kissing Cas’s shoulder.
Moments later, a tiny little man in a well-tailored three-piece suit appeared on Dean’s kitchen table. He regarded Sam and Dean with a sour expression. “I’m a very busy man, and these constant interruptions are putting me behind schedule. What do you want?”
His desire to curl up next to Dean conflicted with his fondness for his flowers. It was so peaceful to be surrounded by the warmth of plant life. He rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, indecisive.
The winter holidays seemed to motivate humans to give more than any other season. Perhaps it was simply the darkness and lack of plant growth in winter that pushed them to share resources, but… they took care of each other.
Until a loud ringtone woke him up again. One of Dean’s burner phones was ringing. Cas went upstairs to their bedroom and fished it out of the drawer.
Dean loped out of the kitchen and upstairs, where he chucked his phone on his bed before getting ready for the day. It slid off the other side of the bed, and by the time he went back down to eat with Cas, he had forgotten about it.
Let’s just say that a particular river in Kansas was full of incredibly vigorous fish, and leave it at that.
When they had arrived, they found all the doors and windows closed and locked. Inside was indeed smashed up; the dining table was broken down the middle, stuffing was ripped from the couches, glass littered the floor from shattered picture frames and ceramic decorations. There was nobody in the house.
Nurse Lorena drove Cas to her coworker’s house, and they arrived just in time to stop the vampire from exsanguinating a former patient. Apparently, he had copied the patient’s address from their chart, and knowing that they were still in recovery and thus unlikely to put up a fight, he’d kidnapped and attempted to drain the patient of their blood.
But Miriam was unwilling to give it up, and she attacked Snowflake with an iron cut-out of Santa that hung from the wall. He vanished and reappeared instantly, good-nature all but gone.
A security system wouldn’t work against a poltergeist, if indeed that was what the family was dealing with.
They went to bed then, and Cas drifted to sleep, comforted by the feel of Dean’s body next to his and the silent hum of the poinsettias below.
After, he would look up at the little angel, illuminated by the Christmas tree lights, and imagine the hope they must have brought with their proclamation. The Savior! It was all so wonderful, so inspiring. Jimmy felt blessed that God and the angels were watching out for him, literally, from the top of the tree.
Hunters might not get paid for doing their jobs, but it was not uncommon to receive gifts of appreciation. These gifts ranged from invitations to sit down for a home-cooked meal, boxes of snacks and drinks, a good bottle of scotch, gift cards to restaurants… actually, the gifts took the form of food quite often.
Though angels did not, as a rule, feel hunger, Castiel understood it intimately. He’d been human quite a few times in the last decade, and he knew the dull ache that could only be filled by sinking his teeth into something delicious.
“Alright, but be warned - my patience is wearing thin. Double-cross me, and the next curse will be much more painful.”
And that was how Sam came to learn of the strange events of the last two days. The radio show host made an earnest request for listeners to help if they had any information about her condition and then proceeded to keep her on-air for another hour so she could entertain the city with Christmas carols.
“I had an idea.”
“There might be one good thing to come of this.”
No one was bold enough to accuse her to her face, but the joy of winning had been spoiled. She returned home in a foul mood with a half-eaten pie, only to find Snowflake waiting on the kitchen table. He was holding a sock.
“Good. Dean learned how to ride a tricycle recently, so he’s been a little terror.”
“Well, I suppose only a fae can break a fae curse, so we better call Snowflake back. You two stay up here with Dean Jr., and I’ll go see if I can help Sam.”
Baby Dean sat on the couch with his mom and dad, and Miracle trotted in and jumped up on Eileen’s other side, leaving Dean and Cas to sit in the armchairs off to one side of the couch.
The doctors were baffled. She had no neurological deficits, no signs of substance abuse. A battery of psychiatrists determined that she was not suffering from a psychotic episode; her behavior, memory, and reasoning were all intact. She simply couldn’t stop singing.
Later that evening, Kara wished Cas and Dean good luck as new plant parents and they said goodbye at the airport.
Then came an idea, a genius idea to outdo all the others. She had no hope of winning the contest by craft alone, but perhaps she could win by cunning. On Saturday night, she left out a bowl of cream, and in the morning, she found a tiny person, about eight inches tall, taking a nap on a pile of freshly folded kitchen towels.
If only he had bothered to retrieve it, but the past could not be changed, even in the face of future torment.
When Dean got back from his jog on Sunday morning, Cas was making breakfast in the kitchen. He shed his coat and gloves and went in to say good morning, wrapping his arms around Cas, who was scrambling eggs in a pan.
If Cas, with all the power of his angelic grace, couldn’t break the curse, then what could?
Cas stepped over, and if his wings were visible, Dean knew they would be drooping. “Sam, it’s my fault, I didn’t put it away well enough.”
For her rudeness, he placed upon Miriam an evil curse. She would be forced to sing Christmas songs until she learned that naughty people didn’t deserve nice gifts like award-winning pies.
“You good?” Sam asked. Dean turned up his nose at him.
“...Aaaand looks like it’s a bad day after all.” Dean smacked his lips and put the burger back on the tray.
“The drugs used on him in the Rack have shuffled his memories together,” Castiel said. “I do not— In terms of details, I am not sure what was a hallucination or a reality. I am certain he was held in a dark room and mutilated to the brink of death every day. His torturers healed him between each period of abuse. He does not remember how. He only remembers the details of the techniques, and one face — it is a Klingon face, but not one I recognize.”
“I was really hoping we wouldn’t have to come out here,” Dean admitted when he noticed Sam noticing him.
“Not the burger, Sam, the damn deal with Ellen. And I know you got screwed over or whatever, this wasn’t your plan, but…” Dean was in seething older brother mode already and he hated himself for it but, hey, if it was going to be a bad day, it was going to be a bad day.
“We’ll comply to— to any customs that must be honored for the procedure. Please consider the mind meld, Naomi.”
“The replicator machines must hate you, man,” Kevin shook his head. “Anyway. Captain Harvelle requests your presence.”
, exactly, but sometimes, a feeling struck.
“Castiel hello I’m Captain Harvelle I’m so glad you’re here sorry about the rush this kid is my friend he’s in real bad shape we’re doing the best we can it doesn’t look good thank you for coming welcome aboard.”
A small laugh rippled through the room, which was fascinating for several reasons. One: many of the attendees were still crying, so the laughter sounded sad, which was another paradox Castiel hadn’t encountered yet. Two: not a single laugh rang bells of bliss in Castiel’s ears like Dean’s had.
dead.
He doesn’t sleep; he can't sleep, not when he’s fastened to a hard slab and left to bleed, not when his naked limbs are little more than frozen meat now, not when his blood feels crystallized inside his veins with whatever they gave him. Everything jolting, rigid, awake. No, not “awake.” Simply “not asleep.”
would be enticing enough. “I would appreciate it if you also observed greater patience and diligence.”
throw up on you again,” he warned. His eyes glinted with maliciousness. “And hey. Don’t make your new Klingon girlfriend jealous.”
“Not planning on it.” Sam winced hard and pinched the bridge of his nose. “
“Vega Prime’s another Class M,” she said. “A bit populated, but we’re beaming down in the wilderness. It’s a jungle down there. Literally. The foliage is thicker than Gorn bone, so set phasers to disintegrate.” She looked up pointedly. “And avoid the fauna. We don’t wanna be vaporizing any Bambis.”
s, the doctor finally calmed himself down enough to laugh at Dean’s morose pout and Castiel’s exasperated glower. Dean got up on the sickbed with his arms crossed, refusing to meet Castiel’s eyes, and Doctor Singer got to scanning.
“Damn, tell us how you really feel.”
“At least we helped Ketch beam up the Ambassador,” Jo offered. “Mission accomplished, right?”
A Seraph could heal almost anything. But the greater the injury, the greater the toll healing took on the Seraph. And the greater the chances were he would get something wrong.
How do you feel?
“Kevin, hurry!” Dean urged, helplessly watching Charlie wrap her arms around the Rosencian’s armored neck and kick fiercely at the tentacles waving about. Kevin scrambled across the floor, searching for something, and Dean winced as the guard slammed its back into the cave wall beside him, squashing Charlie against the wet rocks.
“Maybe,” Harvelle muttered. “But he doesn’t even know what he should be grateful for.” She glanced to Sam, and then to Castiel. “And I hope he never knows.”
“What?”
Castiel found that a bit ridiculous, as, depending on what Dean had seen, it was likely Castiel would be asked to go back into his head to mend that damage anyway. But Doctor Singer seemed moved by Dean’s words.
the Captain’s daughter. I hear things.”
Dean made a face. Castiel decided the man was hideous.
“Won’t hurt it,” Sam protested, light-headed.
” Sam screamed. They couldn’t beam them up. Not now. “
“You hit your head?” Dean squawked.
“So… a bootlicker?” Sam supplied.
Just before Dean’s finger twitched over the trigger, she raised the weapon and threw it, the entire damn thing, at Crowley’s head.
A large shadow passed over their heads and, a moment later, the huge body it belonged to landed in the mud with a ground-shaking
“Loaded question to ask a Seraph, no?” Crowley jutted in. “Long story short, yes, Lucifer was real — at least, a real nasty fellow. By ‘banished’, Castiel means he was  thrown in The Cage, deep in Leviathan space. Now, whether he was thrown in there for defying the Great Father, or for committing war crimes, or just to self-isolate for a bit, that’s a bit more subjective.”
“Indeed,” Castiel asserted.
“Just gotta jimmy off this panel…” Ash got to his feet and paced a circle around his spot in the ground. Dean leaned over, trying to get a view through the bushes of what Ash had found, and saw the mud had been cleared away from a three-by-four metal panel embedded into the jungle’s floor.
“What was that, Lieutenant Commander?” Ellen barked sharply from the captain’s seat behind him.
as soon as he put weight on his ankle, the ground shot up to meet him again. “Stylistic choice.”
* * *
“You wouldn’t rather just read my mind?” Dean checked.
The Seraph swallowed. “I… I don’t…”
It wasn’t related to anything human this time, though, because Castiel’s ears were ringing faintly, the whites in his field of vision glowing just a little brighter. The Seal was nearby. Castiel looked around, studying the lone black building and the hills it was nestled in, before returning to the group with Dean’s tricorder.
“They’re never going to find us,” Kevin groaned, and Dean and Charlie sighed, exchanging glances. “Stop making fun of me! I’m going to die here and it’s all because of your stupid plans that always go wrong.”
“No, I shouldn’t,” Dean said, despite his smile. “It’s yours, Sammy.”
Time, being relative, is all in your head.
“Yeah, but I haven’t gone down yet without a fight,” Dean insisted, positioning his elbow on the stone. “It’s not about brute force, Cas. It’s about endurance. Stamina.”
“I have been
Sleep.
You made an excellent team with Captain Ellen Harvelle and did not face much difficulty assimilating yourself into the
“Yeah, who are you, really?” Sam demanded, training his phaser on the Klingon. “Why should we listen to you?”
— that gruff, angry, complex voice transforming into something light, vibrant, simple: Castiel thought of a soft tribble in his palms. And it wasn’t music, but it had a melody to it, something that felt sacred like the Hymns of Elysium, and Castiel had turned away because sacred things — like the Seals, like their Grace, like the Hymns — these were not meant to be experienced by otherworlders, and Castiel felt hot inside to see that sanctity generated by one of them. Hot with repulsion, or embarrassment, or something else, he didn’t know. He wasn’t supposed to know.
“Dean, your rice krispies are getting soggy.”
In a book, or in a lecture, the city of Perdition was fascinating. In person, it was still fascinating, but in a much fouler, disturbing, and distressing sense.
By the time they made it back up to Gehenna’s surface, night had fallen. A volcano was erupting on the distant horizon, and red ash floated across Gehenna’s purple sky. The away team was now on the farthest edge of the quarry, beyond the warden’s office, preparing to beam up — Sam and Rufus discussing final terms with the warden, Dean and the security squad making their way up the twisting, rocky path, far behind them.
Dean found the hallucinogens. We are fine.”
Therefore, the overwhelming surge of information from their partnership caused Castiel to neglect additional data.
The landing party was no joke this time around. Ellen herself was beaming down, along with Nurse Mills (as Bobby refused to shut up about molecular displacement sickness every time he had to use the transporter machine), Ketch, and of course, Castiel. Filling out the team were a security officer named Mick Davies, the formidable Charlie, and the Winchesters. Kevin remained contentedly in his seat on the bridge. Jo, presumably, was still grounded.
from the Rack!”
“Are you hurt?” Castiel asked. He was covered in bluish-black mud, but already getting to his feet.
And the brothers sat on the bed and enjoyed each other’s company. And Dad drank at the helm. And the stars flew past beyond the
Red = security or engineering
He can’t tell if he’s still bleeding or if the hot tracks down his temples are tears. Sometimes when his eyes open many of the wounds are gone, like they reconstruct him in the darkness, just to cleave him apart again when the lights come back up. Never so much to make the pain ease.
The space station was on the small side, but nevertheless teeming with life. Dean loved these things; they reminded him of his childhood, when Dad would dump him and Sammy off at one and they could spend a few days just running about like vagabonds, panhandling credits and artifacts off the well-to-do and learning street — well,
Catching Ellen and the others up was much simpler now that everybody’s bodies were in one piece and their phasers had been safely holstered. Much like Sam and Dean, beyond the specifics of faction politics and Lilith’s motivations, Ellen had a fair grasp over the situation on Kronos — any less, of course, would be concerning, given her occupation.
well-being.
Kevin shut his eyes. “Every time I witness it, a year is shaved off my lifetime.”
Bid Sam sweet dreams.
happen to a Klingon?” Dean scoffed.
“Watch yourself,” Rufus snapped at Sam, putting away his phaser.
Dean’s entire face jumped to life at the first sign of humor. “I
Dean glanced to his right at Sam, who, as navigator, shared a position at the helm with him. His brother pretended he hadn’t noticed the slip, too busy wiping nonexistent lint from the crevices of his own pristine buttons.
Although Dean was in the middle of a strike, camped out in his quarters, so he was absent today. And therefore Chuck of Shurlion was occupying his spot as the lunch hour’s special guest star, educating the group on his harrowing escapades leading up to his rescue from Rosencia.
The buttons on the helm were yellow and red and blue and white, stark against the black surface of the computer’s counter, and they blinked like little fairy lights beneath Dean’s fingertips. The more he studied the difference in hue between his new shirt sleeve and the amber calibration button, the more he was convinced that what he’d observed in the darkness of the cave was correct: this model of tunic was a muted chartreuse and definitely
“But Zachariah called you ‘baby brother’.”
“It’s not a church group,” Sam said, and even though he was still talking, his eyes were flat and Dean knew he’d already won. “It’s… another group vigil. Not just for Rufus, you know, for…” He trailed off, because saying it was “for Dean” would be weird. But it was for Dean too, and he knew it.
“Naomi,” Captain Harvelle interrupted above Castiel’s left shoulder. “I am biased. I want to get my best pilot, and my friend, back to living his life. Happy. And I want his brother and my crewmates to be happy. But aside from that, I want the truth. I want to know what happened on Gehenna and I feel that you do, too.”
This Hellhound was larger than any Dean had seen before, larger even than the one on Gehenna, and in the direct sunlight all of its disgusting features were completely visible. Its beady eyes were blood-red, the drooling fangs up to ten inches long, the charcoal fur rippling with the thick muscles underneath.
Mister Winchester was held captive in a dark room. He was routinely tortured to the brink of death and healed afterwards in a repetitive cycle. His captors utilized an unidentified hallucinogenic drug to further disorient him and prolong his ability to remain awake during the torture. While there were many torturers present, he only remembers one Klingon face clearly. The face does not match any face in any databank; it is possible he is misremembering said face.
“I can’t— do this.” He pushed his long hair back and turned to Castiel, his expression chaotic and pained. “You have to finish this.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s best not to lose it.
Now, losing the red tunic was one thing —
going to throw up — before the Rosencian roared with rage and spun around. As a normally silent creature, its voice was terrifying; thick and bubbly like a snot globule was caught in its throat, an overtone scream of high and low pitches rattling the humans’ eardrums. As it lunged for Kevin, the ensign ducked beneath its legs, and Charlie sprung an astounding height upon the towering creature like a feral cat scaling a tree.
Castiel also felt that taking care of the Earth was a proper angelic duty. He wasn’t interested in being an agent of fate, or a tool in Chuck’s arsenal. But blessing the Earth with life gave him great joy and contentment in his role as an angel. His grace was a gift he could give to wild things.
“Yes.” Dean kissed him on the cheek. “Yes, Cas. Let’s adopt a kid. Can we go now?”
Just then, the doorbell rang. Dean sighed and buried his face in Cas’s chest. “They’re early.”
Snowflake regarded him with interest. “Why should I? They were both rude to me. You know, in my experience, humans are like dogs. Positive reinforcement only goes so far. When they misbehave, you gotta bring out the choke chain.”
“She’s getting there, Dean,” Cas said, a hint of mania sparkling in his eye.
“Think we can do it?” Dean asked.
They could no longer use the kitchen table for eating.
Draining his power in that way allowed Castiel to experience mortality with Dean. His vessel aged, so subtly that Dean hadn’t even noticed yet, but Cas was determined to grow old with him. They had their eternal youth to look forward to in the afterlife.
The fae introduced himself as Snowflake the Elf, and asked Miriam why she had summoned him. She asked for only one thing; for him to bake her a perfect apple pie that was guaranteed to win the competition. In return, Snowflake would be allowed to select one single item from her home and take it back to Avalon.
“Have a glass of wine,” Dean said, handing him a cab sauv. He leaned his back against the counter, watching Cas and his cooking at the same time. “Tell me about your day, baby.”
Though she realized upon closer inspection, it was not a sock, it was a stocking, and it was her late mother’s Christmas stocking at that. Miriam’s mother had given it to her before she died, and Miriam planned on giving it to her own kids when she had them.
Cas chuckled, returning Dean’s kisses. “We still have to figure out the logistics. Work, hunting…”
“How are you doing, Dean?” Eileen signed, settling down on the couch next to Sam.
It had broad red leaves with tiny yellow blooms in the center. The lower leaves were dark green. A poinsettia.
“Snowflake is stronger than me,” Cas said in a serious tone.
“Hmm?”
There was some sort of chaotic frenzy in the living room; Eileen was shouting and signing rapidly to Cas, who was holding a screaming baby Dean. Cas patted his back, but nothing seemed to soothe the child and he continued to wail in between deep, gulping breaths. Meanwhile, Miracle was barking at Sam, who was standing in the corner… singing. Loudly. And badly.
A few days ago, a teenage girl came in with a car that she’d inherited from her grandfather. It was a 1969 Pontiac GTO Judge, painted in the signature Carousel Red, with a 366 bhp Ram Air III engine, black vinyl bucket seats, and authentic wood paneling on the dash. Dean had nearly cried tears of joy as he’d watched her roll in, and it was his great honor to get this car in working order.
Everyone groaned.
“WhaddIdo?” Dean asked, heart pounding from the adrenaline surge.
Miriam, as she was known, was new to town and had not made many friends yet. She watched the ladies at the community center and envied their close-knit group; they went to barbeques at each other’s houses, arranged playdates for their kids, and took great pride in organizing monthly events to bring locals together. Miriam wanted in, and she thought that if she won the baking competition, all the ladies would be so impressed that they would invite her into their inner circle.
They didn’t win. However, they came in at a close second points-wise, so the manager whipped up a consolation prize. She gave them each a poinsettia from the bar’s holiday display. Dean tried to re-gift his immediately, a strategy which backfired spectacularly. One friend had a cat and worried that it would get poisoned by eating the leaves, and his other friend said she was allergic. Dean highly doubted this story, but he ended up going home with three poinsettias, anyway.
Once again, Cas and Eileen both tried to talk over each other, and he held up his hand in exasperation.
He kissed Cas goodbye and headed to work.
Dean wrapped himself around Cas’s back and they stood in silence, admiring their work. The poinsettia tree took up a lot of space; they’d had to stick an armchair in the hallway just to make room. But it was gorgeous. Flaming red leaves provided a dense covering of foliage; there was scarcely a gap between individual plants. Every so often, there was a white poinsettia, gleaming like snow amongst the rich red.
“Hello, Dean.”
He’d lost count of how many poinsettias they had collected. They covered every surface in the kitchen, and the last few had found their places on the coffee table in the living room. Inconvenient, but utterly charming. Cas smiled.
Sam was shaking his head again, but this time Dean ignored him. No object could be worth as much as blessed silence.
Rapidly, Dean took a mental count of all the alcohol in his house. Most of it was in the liquor cabinet, locked, besides a couple of beers and a bottle of wine in the fridge. Regardless, all of it was too high for baby Dean to reach. Then, Dean realized. “The advent calendar…”
So, although Castiel understood humanity’s gift-giving impulse on a personal level, he found it quaint and charming nevertheless. In times of hardship, humans reached out for each other instead of turning away, they gave more generously instead of less. Despite the flaws of their species, Castiel believed they were good at their core. He wasn’t sure he could say the same about angels.
So it goes without saying, but Sam already knows the answer to that unspoken question, Dean is sure of it.
“I don’t mean to sound like a
that he should give Dean what he wants, because he’s being
“My work there was done,” Cas explains, as if it’s nothing, as if he didn’t just make the most difficult decision that any
And if he could do that, then he can do this, right?
Two years after the end of the world, after Castiel is taken and they kill God and Dean recieves a gnarly scar from a stupid piece of rebar in a decrepit old barn in the middle of nowhere, Dean finds himself nursing a beer after a long day at work, feet kicked up, watching The Lord of the Rings with Sam on a random Thursday night, and things feel… well, they feel normal.
“Alright asshole, I know you’re there.”
Eileen manages after a long moment of stunned silence, smacking Sam’s arm to get his attention as she speaks. She can’t take her eyes off of him, and honestly, Dean can’t blame her.
“Just a few more minutes…” Dean insists, his voice warm and syrupy as he pulls Cas flush against him under the cover.
“You wouldn’t
Cas, who doesn’t look away when he gets caught staring at Dean when they’re getting ready in the morning, or when they’re sitting in some dingy dive bar, or when they’re driving together. Cas, who holds Dean like he’s something precious, something delicate, like he might slip away if he isn’t too careful. Cas, who kisses him like every time might be the last and who
you -”
But eventually, they have to part, and when they do, Castiel offers him a gentle, knowing smile and soft words. “It’s good to see you again, Dean,” he says, and judging by the warm tone of his voice, he means it. After all, Cas always means what he says.
hear him these past two years. On one hand, he wants to feel relieved, because how embarrassing would it be to be standing here, knowing that Cas heard every single late night plea, every tearful apology, every drunken confession and desperate prayer? But at the same time, he almost finds himself wishing that Cas could have heard him. At least that way, it would make this conversation that they’re teetering on the edge of a little bit easier. At least Cas would
Because Dean knows that they ring true (there
Dean huffs out a laugh himself as he attempts to imagine John as a doting, loving father, making sure that their kids are up to date on their vaccinations.
could ever make. Sacrificing eternal life in Heaven with his brothers and sisters, with Jack, with countless people that he has lost for…
Dean’s voice is rough when he finally manages to string together the complete sentence, a gravely tone that sends shivers down Cas’ spine and has him digging his fingers into the meat of Dean’s thighs. Everything about Dean is beautiful, from his striking green eyes to his calloused fingers and the gray flecks in his hair and stubble all the way to the sharp lines of his collar bones and the trail of hair that leads down his navel, the hard cock jutting out from between his hips and the raspy sound of his voice now, as he asks for just a little bit more.
It’s hard to reconcile and it’s even harder to get used to being
, because what if it all gets ripped away again?
furniture - a well worn sofa and a handmade coffee table, the kitchen table where they share breakfast most mornings and dinner nearly every night. He takes in the photographs that litter the southern wall - photos of Sam and Eileen, of Charlie and Bobbe and all of their found family that make his heart swell every time he looks at them, a candid photo of him and Dean just after they had moved to Colorado, Dean’s arm thrown casually over his shoulder as they stand in front of the grill on the back porch of this very house.
Dean assesses his
Dean Winchester is beautiful. Some people might call him ruggedly handsome or simply attractive or even
And that’s enough to nearly break him. Dean feels the agony and grief and guilt seizing up in his chest just as it had two years ago when Sam first asked him what happened and he
Now, Dean can’t imagine ever going back.
And for the most part, it feels good. It feels good to relax after a hard day’s work, sharing comfortable silence with Sam as they watch a movie that they’ve both seen countless times. It feels good not to worry about what’s waiting for them around the next corner, what’s lurking in the shadows, what might shatter their delicate peace.
thought sends a thrill up his spine. Dean’s sighs of pleasure and soft moans not only fill Cas with just a little bit of pride - because
But, he isn’t the same man that he was two or five or ten years ago. Sure, talking about emotional trauma is still a challenge. Sure, he still feels weak when he lets his guard down, even around Sam or Cas, but he knows that it feels worse to hold it all in and wait for it to inevitably boil over. It always leads to an ugly fight or a long-awaited breakdown, and those are messy and avoidable if he just
And it’s strange, really. Part of him is petrified. He feels more frightened of this, of bearing it all and letting someone
“Dean -” Cas starts to say, likely to argue what he just said, but Dean holds up a hand, halting him.
Cas offers Sam a warm smile in response. “Thank you, Sam. I - well, I missed all of you.”
Dean snorts out a laugh. He has missed
And unbeknownst to Sam, it’s about to get a hell of a lot better.
“I couldn’t hear it,” Cas answers mercifully before Dean can finish his question, and he’s not sure if the answer makes him feel any better or not.
Castiel’s face falls at those words, but Dean doesn’t falter. He continues, “I know that you did what you had to do, back then. Hell, I probably would have done the same exact thing, if I were in your shoes. But these past two years…” Dean shakes his head, scrubbing a hand through his hair, “They’ve been
for him, yet somehow, miraculously, is here, is human, and is planning on spending the rest of his time on this earth with him.
kind of kiss is Cas’ favorite.
Dean,” Cas interrupts, his mouth pulling into a frown, “I haven’t been
And even though he’s too afraid to take his eyes off the road after he speaks, he can hear the smile in Cas’ voice when he responds, “And I you, Dean.”
for them. He gave his life to give them a chance to keep fighting. Why the hell wouldn’t they want him here? He’s family. He’s their brother, as far as Sam is concerned.
gaping at the man before him, uttering out intelligibly, “I - It’s -
Cas offers Dean a tight, hesitant smile before adding, “I’m here
about him.
who really isn’t all that old in the grand scheme of things. Sure, counting Hell and Purgatory and time loops and everything else in between, he’s seen more years than most people do in a lifetime, but
But over the next few months, Dean makes the conscious decision to try to heal. He wouldn't say that he’s
It isn’t until Cas is sitting in the passenger seat of the Impala as they’re cruising down the highway at sixty miles per hour just fifteen minutes later that the reality of the situation seems to settle around them.
someone as important as Cas.
It makes sense. It really does. Dean assumes that if he were talking to a therapist right now, they’d probably tell him that it’s completely normal to feel this way when working through so much residual trauma. But this is Sam, and Sam probably understands him way more than some shrink ever will, so his words carry a little more weight.
