"Say the words, you need to seal the deal."
(little did he know, he just signed his own embarrassment warrent)
"holy shit"
"Yeah, man I get that he has a crush he's trying to get over, but why brag to us?" Ned groused leaning on his desk. Peter raised an eyebrow incredulously.
: I can do anything to wach that cute little blush of yours.
"Just me punk" Bucky assures probably noticing him tense.
"What are you to going on about." Flash called out to them.
Peter was just looking up to find Ned when he knocked into someone.
: did Pete just call  Michelle toxic?
"Alright, so the idea is that Peter and Sam will be sparring and Clint will shoot randomly to take account of Peter's spider sense, ether or would be too easy." Peter nodded and went to the mat with his uncles, Clint taking out non lethal arrows. and Sam grumbling about how unfair training with superhumans is.
"MJ was looking for you? Something about a different worksheet?" she widened her eyes hoped she looked innocent.
: don't talk to me or my son ever again more like.
"I'm fine Wade, I'm on a field trip... Here." He reassured. Wade gave looked towards their audience, and then gave Peter a critical once over to determine that he was in fact not dying. He seemed to be having a conversation with the boxes.
Peter had to get up at such an ungodly  time he didn't even look at the clock because he'd probably start crying. He had to leave the warmth of his extremely comfy memory foam bed, and Wade to go to school. Only to be corralled in a school bus filled even more half asleep teenagers to go back to the building he came from by Eight. O'. Clock.
: guys!
×××××××××××××××××××✗
"Why isn't the phone responding? " his teacher asked after trying to turn it on a few times.
"But Mary?"
"Who the fuck was that?" Tony grumbles.
"Well your buddy should have the courage to come see his lie unfold then shouldn't he?" Flash shoved Ned.
A hand came down on his shoulder and Peter jumped clearing a clean foot.
"I'll get the ropes." MJ says and runs out of the class.
"He looked like he was ready to cry, what did he tell you?" Natasha cut straight to the point. Steve sighed.
"Didn't you say you were…. Eh, homosexual?" She tried.
"Mr. Leeds! It's an honour to meet you." Maddie yelped.
"Yeah, he should definitely come back from an overseas trip to go to a field trip to where he already works? Get your priorities straight Flash." Ned replied. Never mind that he has told both of his friends to grab a quinjet and come back just for the trip because he didn't want to go alone, Flash is a dick.
But Wade will not blow up. He won't, because the school might be shady but it was the perfect kind of place for someone of his track record to be , what was the Pirate king called it? Rehabilitated. So yeah, school may be shady as fuck but no one questions a transfer senior or the fact that he looked like a walkng acne culture. Well they question, just not in the
"He's outside, he decided to crash the tour." Peter said,
(Black widow would make the list but she face planted while staring at Pepper one too many times to count.)
Which is whatever. Really. Who cares if Jessie said she feels like vomiting when she looks at him? He feels the same way about her cheers attempts.
Cindy decided to focus on the important matters.
"It was one of Wade's friends." Peter says  before Mr. Stewart could reply and make things even worse.
: we need like… three days of preparation. For each.
What happened kid?
The cashier  gives him the wide eyed stare they always do when he gives them an unreasonably large amount of money to keep the change. He throws them a smirk from behind his phone as he grabs the pack of donut and walks out.
Steve himself found tugged into the hug by Tony and well, obviously he wasn’t going to not hug him.
stark intern : I can explain
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
"I thought he said 616 was the angstiest?"
: *why you so obsessed with me (him) gif*
Steve frowned at the line he just drew. It spoke volumes about his patience when he didn’t immediately just throw his skechbook from the window. Somewhat because it would probably kill someone from this height, also because of the content of said book.
"Uh, that's my class, Alice, I go to midtown high, in this class." Peter tried to explain.
"But he will, he's so beautiful and he'll find someone else who's beautiful, and they'll be beautiful together! " he wails again this time hugging Betty. She hugged him back instinctively.
One of the scientists,  Dr. Hooper, went over to Peter to drag him to her table while MJ continued to walk in their direction.
: I'm getting worried.
"No way bro" gasps dickbag no. 7 as he stares wide eyed at Tyler who looked at them all emperiosly like he actually did anything to warrant it.
"And I'd like to inform you that I don't appreciate you calling my son Penis. " he added specifically to Flash who gulped.
"And is a student's accessories what the teachers talk about in school nowadays?  I don't think you should have mentioned the drugs thing in front of other students even if he was actually buying or selling drugs" Aunt Natasha piped up.
Living in the avengers compound was great, he got his own lab, a father to geek out with, heck he could call Captain America  pops, not to mention the rest of the Avengers told (demanded of) him to call them aunt or uncle, he was practically living any 16 year old's dream.
"You'll probably be assigned a project soon, so keep an eye on the notice-" he says pointing to a big monitor attached to a wall. " you’ll  need to make pitches and write out how you want to sell whatever they give you. "
"Whoops! I missed, now, what were we doing again?"
"-much."
"Guys, come on let's not do this right now." Peter tries to stop his family.
: Stop. Calling. Me. Out!!!!!!
: no offense Peter but I prefer my princess.
"Good Morning Miss Jones, I was expecting you after school." Friday sounded slightly perked up as MJ scanned her own pass.
"Why are you calling my Baby boys best friend a fatass?" A new voice joined their fray, from right next to Flash's ear. MJ looked impressed by the fact he managed to get so close without any one noticing despite wearing red and black.
"Thats...... Uh.... I'm flattered and all, but, I'm not gonna go out with you, it’s nothing wrong with you! Really! You’re  great! I'm sure you’ll find someone right for you! But I have a boyfriend,  and I'm happy with him. Sorry!" Peter rubbed the back of his neck.
She moves to the questioning room where they're being held. logically she knew it was a terrible idea to keep them all together, and she doesn't usually do the illogical thing, but some how she thinks it would be best. (Which is the author's way of saying she really didn't want to write them in separate rooms and also is feeling very very lazy)
Did anyone ask for a demon Steve one shot? No they did not.
"You mean the paper kind or the.... " Cindy mimes shooting with her hands.
After the shopping spree they took him on to buy him an entire wardrobe he can positively say that his aunts have a thing for buying him things. Which is not surprising given that everyone apparently  wanted to buy him things.
"Guys, it's fine, he probably thinks my guardian's still......." he trailed off thinking of aunt may always brought a pang in his heart. even though he was glad that her death was peaceful and he got to say goodbye.
®®®®®®®®®®
Asdfghjkl captain America just @ ed me!! But forreal, everyone knows Stark is bi. He's like the shining icon in the Bi community?
The emotionally constipated Captain in a conundrum
:  got his boyfriend to threaten people?
"Don't increase my workload MJ, do you know how stuffy those parties could get?"
There was another strangled noise this time from his pops.
Ned smirked, Flash's face is one to be saved in his most cherished memories.
He waited for his star to come back. And waited. And waited.
Anything.
way, more
"And while I'm at already on a roll, MJ wanna go for coffee later?" Peter did not expect that.
"See Peggy I told you I wasn't trying in vain. "
Flash nods so fast Cindy was worried that his neck would break.
Tony looks thoughtful. "You're right, we should've told him."
"FINE, FINE! he can come" Tony says pointing at Wade.
He knew it was because they won the National decathlon tournament, and they were given a chance to explore. But it was Peter who gave the winning answer this year and MJ was the one who made sure everyone kept their head in the game and they're not even going to the trip.
"but"
: ha ha ha hahahaha AhHAHAHHAHAHHAHA
The people that were in the way parted for them like the sea did for Moses.
Mr. Conel. Rhodes looking at his hacked Twitter handle: about 5'5".  Taller if he's wearing  the suit.
Oh, haha look at the time, looks like It's throw myself off the roof O'clock.
Stark. Industries.
We call It Wade's Peter senses. It's fairly accurate, if anyone is being mean to Peter within a mile radius of Wade, he tackle.
"You should hope not." Natasha smiled sweetly and they all walked out.
: i need a moment.
Thank
The room desolved into chaos once again.
"Huh, didn’t peg itty bitty kids to be the noble type. " he says then grabs hold of Abe By the hair and yanks him forward, holding the gun to his head.
"Hey if baby boy ends up hurt, I'm hurting myself very much anyway, you can help."
"What are you doing here?" Peter asks letting go of his boyfriend pulling him along to meet his friends.
Literally shut up Flash.
Wait boyf? Awww he's a pupper anyway.
"You're not going anywhere! " Mr. Yelli growls again and signals two other henchmen to grab Bob.
teacher. Because of "confidential internship " reasons. She just wanted to go back to SI. (Also their last surprise trip had been to the freaking Zoo and they both were bored out of their minds.)
Howard didn't know what to think. But he nodded, he had to save his company.
"Peter?!" one of the navy blue masked henchmen yelps
" That's so sad, FRIDAY play despacito." The song started playing over the speakers inside the lab. "He's my friend, I'm a princess, I can do whatever I want." Peter couldn't withhold a snort at that.
"We're landing, get ready" Natasha called and the jet began to descent.
"Oh, you know... genius intuition... business far sight and all that"
What was that about Tony? @ xoxo? What do you mean?
: he flirts with everyone MJ.
"Hello, Midtown high, I'll  be taking over your tour from here,  our tour guide Mr. Fei long has something urgent that he needs to take care of. Oh, hey Ned. " he greeted.
"Anything for baby boy!"
"Betty, Betty , Betty holy shit she did it!" she shook the girl.
What other couple out there could possibly frustrate you as much as them though?
"Yes, but she checks out all the necessity for the fair. Which is basically just made without anyone's help, and able to help the world in some way."
Peter gets down excitedly throwing a few helloes and good days while he gets out of the tower, (real talk, Peter, like his father doesn't remember the name of a lot of the people who works for them. he just smiles and greets when they greet him)
Peter blushed and coughed quietly. rubbing his hands when he got in the building, the tour group was already there, the intern was passing out the security passes. he ignored the group in favour of holding his snacks bag in one hand and texting Shuri with the other.
He also conveniently forgot that , Steve -I don't like bullies- Stark-Rogers was there, and what Flash said was most likely bullying.
Peter Parker has never had the best luck in his life, hence the phrase Parker luck kept following him around. But, after all his been through, what with his parents death, uncle Ben's death, becoming Spiderman (which is a whole can of worm all on it's own) and recently the death of May Parker, he thought he'd get a little bit of a break. If Parker luck was a physical entity, Peter imagined it laughing out loud at his thought and planning his demise with a well placed thought of NOPE!
No she does not need a tour here thank you very much! Wha? -why?-how did they even manage to get a trip here?  Sure SI does allow  field trips, but those were ellucive as all hell.
Cindy joined the group, and Betty started the tour after returning the magazine.
# Irondad
The boy, already curious about everything, reached out to Steve. Steve smiled back,
Peter didn't do much talking during his time in 'leading' the tour, but he figured everything said in these touts are public knowledge anyway so why bother? Besides, his peers seem to be much more entranced to see Wade talking about the new avengers recruits training he has been giving. Even -Peter glanced at Mr. Warren his chaperone seemed sucked in the story.
"uh- well, i-uh" Flash really didn't have any defence for himself, but he looks damn well about to cry.
I is a meme
"Tell the Avengers to meet in somewhere, .....room no..... 43? Yeah, there tell everyone to meet there."
I showed him nothing Mr. Stark.
: power move ngl.
"Wha- Deadpool knows Penis Parker? " Flash stuttered out.
"I'm Cindy Moon.  "
"what happened?" Bucky asked
: omw
"There was an error, it happens with experiments all the time." The man shruggs unrepentantly.
"I thought you were dead, both of you " Peggy  says looking at Steve and Barnes.  She chose to ignore the metal arm and whatever That  constitutes.
Clint.
He and Bucky got to the center of the mat, the rest of them were relaxing under the highly elevated viewing area, if Peter ever trains in this room, he tends to avoid looking at that area,the less attention he pays to people  that might be looking at him the better.
"This is what I meant by you two not being subtle. Everyone is listening to you two right now. Do you want to announce something to the world Ned? " MJ pointed out. Bless her terrifying attitude.
"It's a problem when we threaten him, But fine when he bullies Peter? " Bucky growled out.
DJ roomba.
"Wade no!"
"Are you sure?" he asks.
"Yeah those too I guess"
"I don't care who your boyfriend is, you're coming with us." Mr. Yelli says like he  was absolutely not afraid of who Peter's boyfriend is, Peter could probably call Wade off from killing the guy,....... Probably.  But he can't really make any promises after that.
"What'd you do this time?" Peter asked his mentor turned father who sputtered.
Hey what did @ Stark Industries mean about @ widow  talking about Miss Potts?
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
: now that you're out to everyone here
Tony stood gaping like a fish
Me! Me! Me!
"Dad!"
#########
It was mid morning so there were very few people in the cafeteria, well, compared to lunch rush at least. Anyway, Peter was the last one in the line so he probably thought nothing of someone standing behind him. Up until he hugged and rested his head on his shoulder.
"Just praying for the doctor, I guess, he was a good man." Steve says. Trying not to laugh, hah! Pray? To who?
"Wow, you actually took a break, is there an apocalypse we should know about?" Clint grinned. Tony rolled his eyes.
"Hey man congrats on getting Tony to help, You'll get the emancipation. " he assured.
Anyway why is he always so focused on the three of you?
@ tonyHackedThis So what do you think is the height of stupidity? # askIP
Elanor just came in and took Peter to a diff room cause she wanted to talk and his worksheets were done.
"Hey Penis, don't want to claim that you know the new student too?"
"And the guy I talked to brings out a gun and he was trying to point it at me but it was pretty awkward since he was in the passenger seat and I was right behind him and he let out a warning shot "
Stark Intern: Mr. Conel. Rhodes Sir?
"Do you have an intern here, about yay tall and has brown hair kinda-"
"Do you have any idea how worried We've been?" Natasha growls
×××××××××××××××××××
: yup!
"Yeah, we signed an NDA, you guys would probably get killed if you know" Cindy added, then bit her toung to not laugh at the horrified face of everyone.
Wade rolls his eyes both at me and his teacher but puts his phone down.
: well shit.
"No he is not, he's gonna finish his homework, then go to patrol then come back in two hours tell us if anything needs be done that he saw in his petrol, eat an early dinner then Go.To. Sleep." Peter smiled bashfully at Clint.
The other boy sighed,
"I am the God of mischief. Who do you take me for? There is thousands of years worth of blackmail I have on him. " Loki says with a cocky smile.
"Au contrare, I'm but a humble guardian. The judges are gonna be from outside sources so no one can accuse you of nepotism "
: you work under Bruce Banner?????
He didn't realise how fast his two hours of prep time went out. And before he even knew it the early comer parents  started to trickle in.
"Peter, start from the top now. What happened and who do I need to kill." ah, and uncle Bucky was with them too..... Great.
"We're here for the ten am tour? We're from Midtown. It's under Effie Trinket?" Ms. Trinket says cheerfully.
"Don't be a downer Capsicle, let the children have their fun." Tony says putting down his phone, and while Steve knew that there was no way he would say no now, he still couldn't help feel slightly cautious.
Howard was looking at an important lead when the news that some people he would want to meet came to him. he didn't want to go, but he figured might as well.
Natasha was sitting in some complicated yoga pose that only she and Peter could do a few feet away from them.
"I'm here to pick flowers for brother and Sam's wedding " she says with a unimpressed face. he can see why she and MJ has a crush on each other.
Peter froze for as long as it took his family to process what Flash said and immediately grabbed Wade's hands as they were reaching for a gun.
"Trust me, you don't want to say anything bad about Peter in front of him. You really don't " Cindy warned before letting his mouth go.
"Oh, Peter thank god you're here, listen, I'm gonna have to borrow Sara for a while, could you lead the tour? thanks!" And just as soon as she came, she left pushing Sara out the door cartoon style.
Betty looked up from the box of badges hearing her best friend cackling like a mad scientist.  (Which, you know, she was well on her way to becoming one so she had every right to be cautious.)
Ok, 1. You're a sneaky little shite
The older man of the three's eyes twinkle, "I think- " he says smiling gently at Peter,  "that a demonstration is in order to make him believe you beter" he waves his hand at the general direction of the sceptical judge.
Ok, but who do y'all think Captain America's crush is?
: well, none of us knew you were into boys Peter.
I wonder which one of Stony is gonna snap first
"I don't know man, I hope not." Peter nervously chewed his lips and looked out the window as his worst fears came to life.
My crops are watered my skin is clear, my children are fed my hotel is trivago STONY IS FUCKING CANON BITCHES!!!!
JFC that man is a Hazard to himself.
The silence between them is pleasant as Steve draws and Tony watches. He wishes they could spend more time together like this, maybe one day Tony would lean onto him as he draws, maybe he'd get to kiss the other man on the head.
"Not at all! I even made Baby boy breakfast without burning anything! Wade replied brightly as they reached Tony and Steve.
"I'm glad he doesn't. "
As they were going to their destination, Peter took in the familiar roads of New York. Ned excitedly chattering next to him. Wait.... That building? And that one? And...... Actually, the roads are becoming a bit too familiar for his liking.
Moonmoon
: *slaps Peter upside his head* this dumbass can hold so much rambling for his boyfriend.
Unfortunately for Flash, he didn't realize how angry Tony was getting, he shrugged,
"Absolutely,  man, so much more important" Ned yelps
Steve looked at him amused,
He must've been close enough for Tony to hear him because suddenly the other man looked up and beamed at him,
"And why exactly, do you think that no one cares about Peter?" he looks at Flash's badge, "Eugene? "
"Very well young sir I'll inform boss." Peter breathed a sigh of relief
Sure jan
Tony looked at him, his face telling what he thought about that interruption,  it was specifically his 'what made you think you have enough intelligence to interrupt me you heathen' face that he knew from Pepper that was frequently used on board members.
1. Going to school on Tuesday
"Uh, yeah, for a month actually." his voice sounded small even to himself.
"Yes, so you know how Peter has been using new things lately all the clothes and stuff? And today he was talking to one of Wade's friends,  so there is..... Apparently a rumour about Peter.........  Selling drugs."
@ Potts
"Hey, teacher, I've got Ned's mom on the phone, she says he can stay." he handed the phone to the catatonic teacher he listened to what she said and nodded towards Ned who grabbed Peter and walked off towards an elevator with deadpool following.
"Why would you want him to work for you? He's terrible at everything.  He can't do a thing right."
"Hey shouldn't Ned be in the tour group?" Bruce asks. And Ned swore.
As soon as he went inside the School he started to hear murmurs that ranged
"OK" Peter heaved a sigh and pulled out his phone from his pocket.
"Peter, oh my god are you ok? Are you hurt? Do we need to get medical to check you out?  You  know what, Bruce ? Maybe you should check him for bruses when we get home?"
"Mr. Parker, that was incredibly dangerous. While I do realise that they were about to kidnap you,  you shouldn’t have dismissed the dangers so easily. " Ms. Lanister says glancing and away from Bob.
: it's not eben morning
His son built a circuit board the last time they met. He showed it to him proudly as though it would help him in any way. He showed it to the media, of course, they had to keep up public appearance and what not, but if that boy took any of his tools one more time, he would get more than the slap he got.
: 'never even think to question any of their intelligence again. '
"Get a move on Flash, the rest of us are waiting in a line." so maybe the day won't be as bad as Ned was afraid of.
Tony glances up from the soldering iron in his hand then turns it off seeing Peter.
"uh, king T'challa?" Mr. Tritter seemed to be at a loss for words.
: what happened.
"Need help?"
MJ smirked, "You forgot the Bad before the bitch Dumbass."
Ok, so maybe Thor is a little, just a little in love with Bruce Banner. And he has absolutely no intention to tell the man.
*BANG*
" We'll see you later then. " Mr. Morita said, nervously fiddling with his tie.
"Well, you know how old eye patches said I'd have to find something to do that isn't my other job and shield was working on a clean slate identity, so turns out your patriotic dad recommended this school. And I didn't want to go here at first, since this is a school for, you know, smart people like you but then Barnes said that you go here and agent Hill did an IQ test turns out I actually have average IQ needed for this school so I told her to sign me the fuck up and I was supposed to come before lunch and everything but I got held up at shield for initiation process and I know this is gonna be last class but I really wanted to find you!" Wade explained a mile a minute.
* wipes an anime tear* I  would like to thank you all for helping me achieve this honour.
Erskine died, Steve ran after the killer. Howard shook his head, the demon must have purposefully messed with him, of course he knew what the one candidate that Erskine would choose look like.
"No I told you not to intervine because you guys would actually kill Flash. I can handle him."
"Have you maybe forgot to mention to me that it's my class?"
"A few, and Twitter,  and I think Pepper is getting an interview with Ellen"
I still can't change it, So I stand by that statement.
: do you actually believe that?
"Not to mention his aunt might also be coming and she is gonna be pissed about mistreatment of her spiderson." MJ pointed out Peter groaned and took his seat. Ned patted his back. Although unsympathetically.
The tour guide they got was called Shana. She was enthusiastic but also wobbling on her feet. Wade recognized the look from Peter she was right on the precipice of going in a caffeine crash and possibly passing out. She was nice about explaining things though so Wade decided to keep an eye on her and catch her if she falls.
It's not really believable for Tony McFreaking Rogers-Stark to start signing permission slips for sixteen year olds, especially since the news that said sixteen year old was adopted wasn't even out to the news yet. ("I'm working on it Tony, its hard to manage the PR when I have to manage it for /you/"—Pepper Potts  2k18)
"But Fish legs?" Cindy can't help but ask. Betty elbows her in the gut. This is why She's good at marketing.  She knows how to talk to people.
: bana
Stony is still here to stay. Hell yeah baby.
The two boys froze, and so did Ned.  MJ however was cackling madly.
: I was worried!
"I paid her nothing Flash, besides, it's..... Kinda embarrassing being being recognized" not that he believed that he won't be recognized when they got inside the tower, but that was the problem of Peter Stark-Rogers ten minutes into the future. Flash just scoffed and pushed pass him to grab his pass.
"Do you want me to tell you the truth or would you rather not be called mom?"
The teacher nodded and went back to the board, then suddenly -
"HAH! Yeah right, how did Parker manage to find someone to pretend to be the Black widow? " Flash mocked and Peter  let out a nervous laughter, oh boy this is exactly one of the situations he wanted to avoid.
WHAT??!
"Mr. Stewart My aunts took me shopping and my clothes are all their  choices,  my dad gave me the phone and my step dad is a good cook and he insists I eat more, and the car is just Uncle Happy picking me up!"
didn’t even know I liked Tony like that a year ago, how?"
"Now listen here miss, I don't know who you think you are, but-" Mr Tritter was cut off by The king of Wakanda himself standing beside the girl with a hand around her shoulder.
"Nice roundhouse. " Ned says nonplussed . Everyone looks at him incredulously.
It was sometimes baffling to see exactly how much denial can fit into Flash's body.
Asdfghjkl
Peter went to take a look, that blew up in his face, and he had to stop the man from making yet another machine that..... Peter doesn't remember what it does, but it must have been something threatening.
"What? We didn't do anything rash" Natasha shrugs.
She nodded. Right. She could do this. She got the job because She's capable of it and She's going to prove it.
Which, Cool!! but it also means he has to suffer through classes without his best friend, and he is not at all about that life choice.
: I'm still not over how mad I am about that?
"Kid, you made your web formula in your school lab by yourself how many  fifteen year olds do you think has that kind of talent?" said the robot.
"WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT LEEDS?"
"Yes." Peter assures both her and his boyfriend.  Honestly what is his life.
"Really?" Bucky's eyes were wide and he looked surprised.
They're not Knock offs and Shuri insisted on giving him the komoyo bead. But he doesn't think pointing  that out would help his case.
room that no one uses next,
He'd… hed probably find a lot of things about Wade that he appreciates. He'd hold him until yellow shut up. He'd joke with him until he forgets what was being said.
" Bonjour Charlie! " she greets the Redhead behind a computer.  Charlie looks up,
"It's ok man, you'll still have MJ there" Peter stifles a yawn. Ned eyed him.
Ned hides behind Betty.
See more
"Because we don't kill people "
Hey @ kari, no one asked you. And nobody actually confirmed it.
"I'm sorry, It seemed like a good idea at the time."
Oh thank god.
Ned blinked, he never realised that there was any gyms in the lower levels, though knowing Tony, it makes sense.
Peter gave one last wistful glance towards Wade before booking it.
It's not everyday one gets accepted in the technological wonderland of the country. And that with their best friend to work with them? Just..... Wow.  Granted, Betty was going to be working in the marketing department,  but they'll be working in the same building!
Your point?
Alright I respect you now.
I wouldn’t call it making out, it was more like an attempt to suck eachothers soul out through their mouth.
"And how did you know that his company's gonna be ruined in a month." Steve asks feigning an air of casualness.
: ned buddy
Peter raised an eyebrow
"How..... How did you know that?" Betty asks and Wade laughs but doesn’t answer. Cindy thinks it would be best if they just..... Don't ask about his stalker tendencies.  At least he didn’t look inside the school, or the records.
: ok, real talk we can send you pictures, so long as it's not of the labs.
"Wade no!"
"What the fuck Parker?!! " Flash exclaims.
"I better not hear you say anything again. You're on my watchlist Ned and Petra."
"Leave me alone, I love my fake persona" he doesn’t.  Peter knows he doesn’t but it was a joke and he shruggs, letting it drop
" I thought all the Avengers Gyms had a shooting range? " Wade questions.
"What are you doing here?" they both say simultaneously.
Tony :
Only....... No one will actually believe her. She knows they won't because of Peter Parker.
"Steve! Pete! Hey there!" he says as though they just happened to meet on someplace by chance and Steve hadn’t been ready to yank his his hair out for the last few hours.
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
"Fore some reason, even though I'm single."
Peter frowns,  he does have a card.......... In theory.
"You have to wait for me and Natalia to go through him first." Bucky says.
Lmao I wish I was in Bucky's place.
" Deadpool!  What are you doing here?" Betty asks, nervous about the class behind her. The class that immediately broke out in murmurs as soon as they saw him.
GiveMeACroissant @A.aggrest
: speak for yourself, watching the two dance to Take me to Church on a double date was one of the gayest things I've ever seen.
*Gasp* tis an achievement, thy highness, shalt we rejoice ?
: Peter isn't gay.
Ever since Nat and Pep came out people has been asking me about them being a part of LGBTQ+ and my thoughts as an ally.
Hey @ prstar guess who won the personalised tour and the opportunity to interview Tony Rogers-Stark and his actual intern?
"Just now??"
Movie night was uncomfortable to say the least.
"Oh, man! Fine! I guess I can wait.  " he says and leave.
Peter shook his head,
Yeah,...... He isn’t exactly fond of Harrison Thompson. Oh, jeez is The crush Ned and MJ mentioned a guy? Or in the LGBTQ+ community?  That would be so bad for him.
Peter grimaces, maybe the panic button wasn’t a good idea.
"Bob? What are you doing here? I thought you were with AIM?" he asks.
Peter raises an eyebrow.
Peter shrugged as he washed his hands. There was probably a prank involved in all the gyms, it wouldn't be the first time. He perched on the back of Wade's chair, waiting for him to finish so he could climb on his back.
"He is, he's hiding behind that girl." Natasha says and waves her hand vaguely in the direction of Ned and Betty.
: SMH gina's got a crush on Peter.
Peter narrowed his eyes, "your schedule?  Don't crack jokes, you're not a superhero,  you don't invent stuff half as much as dad does- you don't, I read your old files - and that's besides the point that SI is so much smaller now than in the future.  And you can't make time for your son who's four. I'm fifteen and dad still makes time for me and the rest of the family. "
@ Violet   Then perish.
"Ok, I swear It's not my fault. Can you come pick me up I'm at the police station "
Sara mumbled something like, 'that boy, I swear' before shaking her head,
"Grow some balls on you Wilson? Think you can talk back to me?" Tyler crowded him like he was trying to intimidate him. Wade debated standing to his full height and taking off his hoodie and see if he had enough courage to look him in the eyes then.
Granted that he actually did do that, mostly because Peter is his son. Still since nobody actually knew this piece of information,  no one could actually blame him for not believing Peter.
"Absolutely not. He and I got off on such a rocky start it's a miracle we're even friends, I'm not ruining that for something like feelings"
From: Spiderson
"Absolutely. Remember your no kill streak? Mr. Rogers-Stark says that he wont let you in the tower if you break it. And well, Peter would miss you man." Ned shrugged. He was spouting a great load of bullshit, but he figures Peter would forgive him for that.
"And why is this the first time I've heard of this anyway Pete? " Tony asks, raising an eyebrow at his son.
"Mr. Tritter, if he doesn't have an internship, how did he get in the building? you just saw him talking to the AI." MJ pointed out looking like..... well she was surrounded by idiots.
Peter, who had his face in his palms for the last fifteen minutes groaned. Forget what he said before. He does not love his parents. At all. They're the most embarrassing fathers in the history of ever.
++++++++++++++++++++++‡
"If this is your reaction to Flash wait till you hear about Eleanor. " MJ smirked.
"But!"
Peter was about to answer when a young man of around 19 with blonde hair and blue eyes came to greet them.
"Yes. He is my son. And you got a problem with him? talk to me. "
"Peter! how did it go with the Principal? " Ned asks.
He threw the chair at Bob and the other two guys a little hard so they fell too. He didn’t get to contemplate them right now because he grabbed the gun carrying first guy and threw him on top of the other two knocking them flat. He quickly grabbed the guns and gave threw them at Ned after seeing Mj take the guns from the guys closer to Bob and knock them out with the butt oh the gun.
Alfred sighed, but before he could say anything, they got to the lab.
No one says anything.
"Oh, I....kinda don't have them on me?" Peter replied.
"Hey!" Tony poked his cheek. "I'll have you know the other guy is a sensitive person, and you're gonna hurt his feelings."
Tony squinted at him. "Uh huh, and How's denial treating you?"
"It's fine, let's go Dr. Odinson-Banner you need to see the code!  Come on!" Ned practically dragged the man out.
: *Wade and Peter smooch jpg.*
"You will lose that too my friend"
"Peter, I need you to know that I have been in trouble plenty of times in my life, Steve can and will attest to that, repeatedly, so I can say with authority that that 'Hey dad' is way to enthusiastic for you to not be in trouble. "
"Isn't that a tad extreme?" Ms. Trinket asks, looking pale.
"BUT BABYBOY!"  Wade looked like someone kicked a puppy in front of him and the puppy was dying.
"I really don't think you can wingman for me in this case" Steve definitely did not have a shakey voice because Tony was still pressed against him even if he wasn’t reaching for the sketchbook thank you very much.
Hmmm…..
(He knows exactly how though. The moment the family heard about Flash, they decided they needed to have a Talk.
Ned looked positively elated, "Hi Wade. Peter we need to go to next cl- " Ned was cut off by an announcement
: parker didn't even get a badge lmao.
°50 more images°
Peter took a deep breath. But before he could say anything someone beat him to it, and boy it is not pretty,
"Come on Steve!  I want it."
"Wait, let me get this right, the sketchbook was where Steve was drawing his crush?"
Peter stared at the screen pointedly.
Holy shit I hope you guys know you just outed Bruce and Thor
"Well, he does look like a hobo." Flash agrees taking the joke as a signal that Tony is on his side ...... Ned almost worries for the boy........... almost.
: yikes
Wade frowned at the ceiling as Peter shot him a look. He would never understand Wade's choices in nicknames.
Clubowner@asami
Here ye here ye, this is a callout post for @ BeeQueen who thought  @ Stark Industries  aka @ parkour isn’t that cute. I would also like to inform that yes, yes I am that petty,  and my boyfriend is frankly gorgeous.
"That's rather ambitious of you" the man clad in black said looking not all that impressed,
"It is see?" Peter pointed to the window next to him and Ned looked out, frowned, and then contemplated,
"You. I've been in love with you for so long. " Steve was standing right in front of Tony right now.
Peter resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He was pretty sure he handled technology and criminals better than her thank you very much.
: so penis parker got his boyfriend to threaten him and his friends a position in the SI what a surprise.
@ Charlie, come on, they're obviously fake.
Why should I tell you? You two cause nothing but trouble
* wipes a proud anime tear* truly, an inspiration.
Cindy was not pouting. She wasn’t.  It was absolutely normal for her friends to miss school, Peter and MJ can go to hang out to Wakanda with Peter's fathers to meet MJ's Princess  girlfriend any time! It's absolutely normal for Ned to go to Geneva because he's the intern of Bruce flipping Odinson-Banner. Their trips had been planned for a month, and it was by some terms work related.
: WTF???  Peter's valedictorian???? Why would she do that???
:and he's really funny. Sometimes his jokes get a little depressing and sometimes a little… ah, R rated i suppose but he really is funny. I've never laughed as hard as I had since I met him.
"Yeah, ah thanks, and about-"
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®©
"Hey, babe, it's one of Peter's teachers."  Peter heard Steve's phone switching to speakerphone  and another very very familiar voice floated in.
"Well, you’ll be glad to know he did once upon a time intern here, my personal intern in fact-" he rest a hand on Peter's back
"Talking to yourself Rogers?" Peggy says as she enters the room. He knows she didn't hear what he said, he didn't say it loud enough.
"Hmm, guess you could keep your pass for now. " he relented.
Luckily, unluckily? No one noticed him not having a badge. And they headed in. The first place they went to was a lower intern lab that Wade had yet to be banned from. Though he didn't go in there very often so…. Eh. He only goes to the labs when Peter is around. Labs freak him out unless babyboy is there to otherwise distract him.
I have no idea what you're talking about
: who the hell cared about that other than flash anyway?
See more
: he's not even gonna be allowed in the building.
"Well, I don't really stay holed up in the lab all day, and Nat told me."
He had to do something about Mr. Thompson first though, because it looked like he's about to make a scene.
Tony smiled.
Boi you boutta get you ass handed.
Ms. Terry however seemed to just find her voice.
Shut the
Peter jumps. Literally jumps, like a clear foot.
Oh my god, I cant believe the Avengers let someone like @ widow fight with them, I don't need someone like her saving my life.
"I can't unalive him?"
"What do you want?" Howard practically spat at him.
Lmao so true.
The young boy who clinked the glass cleared his throat,
Wade thinks it over then shrugs, popping a piece of pancake in his mouth, "Sure, eye patches doesn't have anything for me to see, so why not?"
"No no no let's go back to 'that boy’ We all want to hear all about him" Sgt. Barnes said with a hard look arms crossed in a threatening manner.
"You gonna introduce us or something? " MJ says raising an eyebrow.
She still couldn’t believe that this was happening.
The problem is that he drew attention to himself so he can't juat slip out of a corner and change into his suit. Given that he'd have to take his bag with him too, he had no chance to get out.
Pepper potts: *decimates a bigoted guy*
"I was hoping to avoid any kind of confrontation between my fathers and the School." Peter sighed. He reached the class they had together. Which was - thankfully - their second last class of the day
"Let me amend, did you try to hide the fact that he was bullying you so that we wouldn't kill him?"
×××××××××××××××××××✗
"Peter is my son, and I hope you didn't have any plans to come back to this building ever again, because you're banned forever. "  Tony spit out.
I feel like I wrote this one and the reset better than the ones before, so, yeah, this is one of the better ones.... Which says a lot about how I write
Peter winced, "sorry Ma'am. "
"I didn’t even see anything! You shouldn’t be mad at me! Even if you are not any more than normal. We're fine!"
"Zhere are four different elevators in each wing, I'm sure You'll find zhem later, Betty,  you get off at floor 15 the place for marketing, you can ask for help if you Don't understand somezing, and Cindy gets off at at Floor 30, its a testing Lab, I'm sure ze lab director would be happy to help if you need it. " she informed them brightly.
: *gasp* YOU HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT??!!!!??!?
When the group got down from the bus Peter Was actively panicking, with Ned trying to provide comfort (which didn't help nearly as much as it should have helped) as the rest of the class looked on at awe at the Avengers Tower. Even MJ looked awed, for a moment then she caught herself, and went back to ignoring everyone by looking at her book.
He'd go to his boyfriend for comfort,  but Wade would just kill Flash and call it a day.)
In case anyone's wondering, I'm probably just dead, though I didn’t think I'd reach heaven.
"Probably not. But hey, they're coming back today so that's good isn't it?" Steve wriggles out of Thor's hold. And swipes his feet making the other man fall.
"It's ok, man, I'm still bummed you can't come to the surprise field trip tomorrow, it's gonna suck without you there."
Before he could decide what he should do, in came the intern who he made eye contact with when he caught Shana. Turns out he did go to get help and not because he's scared of his ugly mug.  Go figure.
Thank for the DM :)
See more
Ms. Terry was staring at Tony with a red face. she looked like she was about to explode.
Thor didn't even have a choice but adoring the man. His heart sickness went to the point he might even call his feelings for the other man love.
The elevator dinged and there was a flurry of people  coming out of it, likely the scientists who stayed the night because, just one more minute I almost have it. Cindy can't say too much considering It's only been a few months and she pulled seven of those.
Natasha let out a soft growl. "Which teacher is it? Isn't he supposed to call and check home first?"
"That's not getting you out of this." Steve reminded him. "But we'll talk about this later "
Cindy got a good look at the front page, then opened the magazine and flipped through, blinked a couple of times then rubbed her eyes to make sure she was seeing right.
Tony sighed and stretched walking in the room. it was hard, but he made a couple of upgrades to one of his suits and Natasha's widow's bites. He promised Peter that he would let him help with Clint's arrows. Tony was waiting for the boy to get home so they could get started.
"Uh, hey, tootsie pop, what exactly do you think you are doing?"
He's going to make sure they hurt before they die.
"Why would he want working here to be a secret?" Steve asks eyebrows raised.
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
See they've been pestering him about his choice in clothing a few months since he moved in. After his dad adopted him, aunt Pepper has been adamant about him looking the part of billionaire's son and prodigy and heir and a bunch of other things. He's been avoiding going shopping for a while (he likes those pun shirts OK?)
It has come to my attention that for the last month, there has been a lot of speculations as to weather or not Steve Rogers and I have been engaged in a relationship.
She points at Thor from the other side,
"Teenage vigilantly?" she decided to say. then she looked at the boy,
Mr. Stewart wrinkled his nose after hearing step dad.
" Uhhhhh, heeeey guys! How's it going?" he tries. He knows he's about to be embarrassed, but he can't help but try.
"You may have, but I like her better. I don't like you very much"
"what happens between the kids are none of the avengers business."
×××××××××××××××✗
"I know you don't see Pepper Romanova-Potts everyday, but it can't be that surprising. You are in an SI building. " she reasoned.
Mr. Thompson let go of his collar.
His class stared back at him disbelief clear on their faces. His eyes found Ned and MJ who gave a small wave and a smirk respectively.
The girls nod enthusiastically.
: Toxic.
"Yes sir, of course sir, I won't even talk to Peter sir."
"Peter's bully, the kid he never tells any of you about." MJ said calmly as though they were talking about the weather. Peter looked at he betrayed.
"MJ did it!" She whisper yelled before thrusting the magazine to her hand.
"They got ripped cause of a fight you had with druggies Parker? " Flash mocked. Peter wondered if he had something to do with this.
"To defeat the huns" Peter, Wade and Cindy says instinctively and then beam at each other.
"Hey dad!!!!!! I- uh left my phone home when I went out." he says sounding too peppy for even his own ears
Peter should ask, he should. He's a hero, and he cares about everyone even Flash- to some degree, but the thing is, there was no fatality. He is having a bad day so maybe, he deserves one cheat day where he turns a blind eye. He'll worry about Flash later.
"Then why do you let Flash push you around? You could just call your dads and he'd back off forever!"
I like  the reference  thing so I'm gonna  do it again. Some pretty obvious ones this time :)
I'm so hype.
@Stark Industries,  @jBarnes Shut up!
: they explained it more…
"Yeah, pretty much." this time it was Col. Rhodes who answered.
She just finished her second sales pitch for DJ roomba and figured that she could spare a glance to who is basically her boss.
"Hey, Flash? Who is Flash? Who names themself Flash that's like the worst name to choose ever." Tony calls out.
"A prank?"
"Come on Tony, he's not even doing anything, he just wants to meet Peter." Bruce, sweet innocent Bruce input from where he is watching all the drama.
"Ok, so I was walking to Ned's like normal right? we totally were gonna finish the Death Star today and I wasn’t in a hurry since we only had a little bit of it left- "
Well dam
There was a goddamn six pack under that shirt how the fuck even?????
Ah, NVM,  he was banging his head Against a wall.
Peter has been slowly learning the business for the last four days, Pepper has been a great teacher but he was honest to god finished with businessmen who thought they could use him for personal gain.
He takes Mary out of her box and begins assembling her and his cards. Mary looked humanoid but she came up to just above Peter's waist. Her coulour was mostly like Eve from Wall-e only her head was shaped more round. Her AI is more like DUMMY  than FRIDAY, so she doesn’t talk, but if she did have to communicate, her face screen can have written words.
after a while it was MJ's turn,
"Well, you know how he used to have the 'internship'? Well, I talked to him before, turns out his classmates didn't believe him when he said that. I didn't know that the teachers didn't too." Tony input looking bitter.
"Who is this?" Mr. Stewart asks pointing at the contact name that was basically a string of all the heart Emojies in his phone.
"You're just making excuses because no one will recognize you"
Some context?
"We have a location! " Peter called out from the other room.  Both the men rushed out.
: sucks to suck Jason
(He asked Ned once, MJ answered for the other boy, "It's because you have the same energy as a puppy golden Labrador  and everyone loves puppies." he never brought it up close to MJ again)
Peter, in what he considers to be possibly his wisest decision throughout the entire week, sits on the ground with the others handing his phone quietly  all the while keeping a careful eye on the assaulters.
Thor glared, "Do not taunt me with what I can't have Steven, especially considering you are on the same boat."
: they met Wade, might as well meet your girlfriend.
Peter sighed, " could uh.... Could you two keep another secret? " Cindy and Betty exchanged a look, and then nodded.
"You're all here? Why are you all here? Uncle Clint did you tell them?" Peter panicked , looking around to find an exit for Flash. There was none, oh boy.
Peter sighed yet aqain.
"What are you talking about? Peter's....." He couldn't finish whatever he was about to say as Peter cut him off.
…. Peter would be so disappointed in yellow being deprecating right now.
Bruce laughed and Tony continued, " 'sides, I don't think Thor cares about that" he shrugs," isn't taking a chance better than wondering all you life and all that jazz?"
: Peter's boyfriend?
Peter stood in front of everyone hoping they won't shoot without looking.
Lab 53 is an R&D lab not that important, though, Wade can't enter that lab either, (lifetime ban on lab equipment) Peter walks in behind everyone, slightly uninterested, only to be staring at the Princess of Wakanda and Bruce banner talking.
Also why her funeral?
"That's even worse change it faster."
he took a seat and then began to talk,
"Anyway-" MJ interrupts.  "This cannot get out of SI. And by that I mean no one in our school can know any of us work here."
I can keep an eye out for him if you want?
: the betrayal is real smh.
He looked up to see Peter not even looking at him but pointing to a place away from the rubble. He looked where he was pointed to see a few figures. One of them was sitting on the ground while the rest are in various states of reclining.
"Sure thing Doc, I'll get right on it as soon as you take a nap." Bruce looks at him like Nap is a foreign concept.
Turns out he did not have to worry about that because apparently May was a strong woman who knew when her time was up, and had talked to Tony -and by extension Steve- about taking the boy in.
"I have stuff to do" he says
(Image of Peter smiling at something)
Another person he shared his first class with was Flash.
"No way! how much did you pay her to pretend to recognize you?!?"Flash decided to say.
"You did a great job kid, there was already five cases of missing kids that these guys kidnapped, they're gonna be behind bars for a long time. You should be proud." she patted Peter's back.
i'm glad you asked  @ takashit, because, you see,  here I was doing some experimente with Tony, and some.......... House hold equipments when a chsese grater slipped and got thrown at me
I feel particularly patriotic every night ; )
: MJ come on
Peggy blinked, what was she doing in an interrogation room? A groan coming from the floor made her look down to see Howard clutching his jaw.
: Ryner apparently since the day Peter handed in his paperwork Harrington wasn't there so he gave it to Ryner.
He didn’t know how long he  stood there, unmoving, barely breathing when there was a tug on his arm he looked down  to see a red and black gloved hand tugging him insistently.
Life has thrown /a lot/ of problems Peter's way. And it's a great thing that his willpower is as big as it is because sometimes he feels like that is the only thing that pulls him through to the end of the day.
: my boss is cooler lol.
The end to her very normal day comes at around ten am. When she's informed 8 people, one red person (whatever that meant)  and one humanoid robot just appeared in front the headquarters.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The takedown was truly beautiful.
"you don't kill people I'm literally a mercenary "
:riiiiiiiight your boyfriend from Canada.
"Yes my son." Steve growled. Peter as always decided to play hero.
He could hear murmurs of,
: well this ain't fair.
Ok, but real talk, @ Stark Industries can't really be as cute as the avengers say right?
: anyway the intern labs are the bomb tho.
"Well it's public now, well do that press conference later."
"I give you my child so long as my company prospers. " he felt he had lowered himself as a human as he spoke those words.
"There’s no ust Barton Steve likes someone and It's not me" Tony glared at Clint.
"Yeah?"
"I'm here to talk to you Eleanor " he answers playing with a small knife he seemed to bring out of nowhere.
"Freak them out? Clint, why would we want to do that?" Steve questioned.
He enjoyed the shock and terrified look in the man's eye, in fact, he would probably look back at this moment at bad days.
Ok, but all the interactiobs between @ S Industries and @ IAmFe are so pure and father son like?
Correct™avengers@quotes
"Uh, me Sir.  I'm - I'm Flash." Tony gave him a flat look.
how are things on your end? the galas cool?
"Hey freako, saw you weren't paying attention to the tour." Jessie's best friend sidles up beside him, idly forking over her salad in the plastic box.
There was a pause,
:he meant the song.
: that AI?
: after all these years of Flash being flash, now Peter steps up.
"So anyway dad and pops said they're gonna talk to the Principal about this whole incident. " If Peter hoped for sympathy he wasn't getting any from his friends.
"You know Howard, I've hated you for a while. Ever since you raised a hand on Tony in fact." he paused.
"Is she the new intern?" MJ points at her.
"Oh my god you're Peter Parker! I've seen you in the labs before! You're kind of a legend for all the other interns and some of the staff. Oh! But of course you knew that,why wouldn't you know that? You're a wizard with technology by the way" During her rambling, Peter kept getting more and more red.
A suffering Picture of a tomato has been slid in to your DMs @ people who are concerned.
"There is no way you could be Anthony. " Howard continues as though he wasn't interrupted
Peter rolled his eyes,
"ByeWade."
×××××××××××××××××××✗
MJ snorted and brought them all back to reality, "good luck leading the tour loser." She said in true MJ fashion that made everyone jerk their head towards Peter the boy sighed, this is gonna be a looong day.
Peter frowns when he hears the voice, trying to place it.
"Looks like he didn't take you guys anywhere fun at all. Why come to the Avengers tower if you don't even meet the Avengers?" he said a bit mournfully.
Ned snickered and went back to his coding. But only for a while before he saw Clint and Sam running as though their life depended on it.
They think he doesn't know what's going on. They placed him in a mockery of a Hospital and expected him to play along? After staying away from his star for so long?
Yeah-
"Wait your turn нарушитель спокойствия" Natasha says lowly playing with her knife. (Google said it meant troublemaker. But if it's wrong, can some one who speaks Russian help me out?)
"YES! Thank you Peter. There is a group waiting for a tour of the grounds, Amilia was supposed to give the tour, but that idiot apparently blew something up and I think she's in the medbays now. I would take over the tour, but I need to make sure she's OK, can you take over just until I get back?"
"Yes, Miss Jones. She's - uh  She's actually starting today, and- " Mj nodded and looked towards Betty.
"Apparently MCU did something worse, I Don't know." he paused and remembers why they were talknig about that in the first place. "Besides, he's a sweetheart " he added.
Before Peter could respond,  Ms. Terry walked over to them in a threatening manner. Even though Peter's spidy sense wasn't going off, he felt that something bad was about to happen.
"This cannot be the best you can come up with? Three years?" Natasha gripes.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
A year later under normal circumstances they would have all panicked. It wouldn't be as much a problem if they were just the interns of Tony Rogers-Stark, Bruce Odinson-Banner (is Odinson really a last name?) and Pepper Romanova-Potts.
"I die? What kind of question-?
"Not that he wouldn't be able to buy them with his own allowance,  but they insisted to buy them for him" Steve  added.
"Listen, when that boy was born......" he waved a hand towards Tony ".... I thought he had potential,  I thought he could become my greatest creation and he goes off and builds a circuit board of all things it's not even anything more complicated! " Peggy really really wanted to slap Howard in the face.
"You bet I am."
Cindy nodded hurriedly and sat on the side, there were a few beanbags. A few people were sitting and furiously typing on their laptops, she assumed they were interns like her.
And what if the teachers are sometimes blinder than fucking Daredevil and only notice things when Wade starts to retaliate, he
Flash found a tall burly looking man and began walking next to him. Peter recognised the guy from the police. He was Flash's dad? No wonder Flash had a bad attitude.
There was another man who had his legs in some sort of braces. He looked more well..... mature. He sat next to a man who's face was... red and he had some sort of stone on his forehead.
Peter didn't really prefer biology class, he was never really good at it. At least not in the way he tends to be in physics or better yet chemistry. He just sort of.... knows some of the stuffs, mostly what he needs to know and the rest is spider facts.
to "Holy shit he's hot. "
:holllllly flipping shit Dr. Banner and Thor are dating.
×××××××××××××××××✗
"Hey Pete, Mario cart tournament you in?" Clint asks as soon as he steps inside the communal living room. before he could say anything, Steve interrupts him.
"Ok." Flash felt.... Choked.
"ok, lemmi just–" he pulled out his phone.
"So.... Where is this field trip? Cause my parents didn't tell me anything."
"Sara, you're working with Seamus in lab 32 right?"
"Nice to meet you. Wade, Peter talks a lot about you, a lot, really a whole lot. " MJ replied
"I mean, working in SI! Who wouldn’t be excited?" Betty says.
"Well, this has been informative, but we gotta go, see you later teachers." his Dad said with a smile dripping saccharine.
No one really saw the looming dark shadow near the child. Steve smiled his angelic smile when he saw the Baby.
"Lookie here our freaks becoming a hero!" Tyler announced jovially with his friends laughing with him. Wade rolled his eyes.
"I swear." Peter said and turned back to his class and three amused looking Ned MJ and Sara.
"Sure thing Fry, hey what's Shuri's ETA?" Peter asks not looking up from his phone.
NGL, even I think that's a terrible idea.
"Well, I mean, according to MJ you don't talk subtly anyway, but yeah you can." Tony teases then smiles.
: did Wade leave before?
"Peter please tell me you did not get in the car. " aunt Natasha's voice waved in. Oh man are they all hanging out together?
Cindy shakes her head, It's not her problem, and the most she could do is point MJ to the right direction and hope she can help. God knows if Peter of Ned weren't disasters, they'd realise that Betty has a crush on Ned. Which is why she and MJ had to take initiative.
That was what he thought before he reached the detector and Maddie froze..... Right, he forgot.
Peter sighed as he got another call in his Bluetooth his aunt Pepper insisted he got for the first few days. While Tony had no intention of making Peter a CEO and Peter had even less of an intention of being one, he would however, take over for Tony's job which is inventing and just being the owner.
"I don't see what we have to talk about"  Tony says,  throwing his hands up as they got off the elevator.
"Dearly beloved, we're gathered here now to let go of our frustration of about five years when these idiots were lost in pine city and complain about  them-" The boy began earning an eye roll from his father, and a sheepish smile from his new stepfather. Natasha raised her glass in a silent agreement.
"And why did this kid jump at the idea that Peter was lying?" Tony asked, bringing his fingertips together like he was a supervillain as opposed to a hero.
"I'm not telling you." Natasha says as she keeps on running on the treadmill, not even out of breath.
Cindy just stared at her looking for logic in the last statenent, but then remembered it was Wade,  and Betty was right.
Peter wanted to say that he was surprised when Mr. Shuu didn't accept his permission slip, but really, who in their right mind would believe that Tony Rogers-Stark signed a permission slip for a field trip.
Michelle gives him a once over and nods then she walks out taking Ned with her.
Mr. Conel. Rhodes: yes?
"Peter you live with your aunt. Stop lying "
"You don't think that right?" Betty asks bewildered.  Peter and Wade were possibly the most enamored couple she had ever seen. They were the perfect mix of the honeymoon phase and the old married couple. Why would Wade ever think Peter would ever leave him was beyond her
Ned closed next to Peter,
The receptionist was not as inpressed with him as Officer Pennington was, but didn’t show it very much. She handed him the phone looking at him like he could drop it.
"Aww ребенок паук you're ruining my fun. I wanted him to sweat for a while." She's still not winded seriously what is up with this woman.
Ned stepped up because as much as he wanted to see Flash pounded to a fine pulp, he was sure Peter would not be impressed, and he was also sure Flash would bug them even more, and also because he was sure that whenever making a decision, MJ thinks "what would Peter do" and then proceeds to do the exact opposite. So she's obviously not going to help.
"Pfffffffffft" the sound of two people laughing confused Mr. Stewart,  he expected confusion, screaming maybe telling him to keep it under the wraps what he didn't expect was the sound of two people laughing and another one joining soon after.
His spider sense went off and he ducked, noticed a fist out of the corner of his eye, grabbed it, yanked it and judo flipped the guy, turnes out it was one of the guy he threw the other guy at.
@ C Giacometti *thot
"See, then there's nothing wrong! " Tony exclaims.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Quick get him out!"
"Sometimes, maybe letting go is the best you could do. " he whispers. And Tony goes boneless against him. He looks defeated. Steve doesn't like that look on Tony.
: that's Mj's girlfriend.
I'd like to thank not only god but also Satan that Wakanda has Twitter and I get to talk to my meme buddy
from "Woah those look expensive"
We broke up????
Why is the princess of wakanda replying to random high schoolers?
"Well you know how I had a field trip tomorrow? so I got Dad to sign the permission slip, but since the adoption isn't public knowledge yet, my teacher thought I forged the signature. And I don't think he likes me very much but any way he gave me a months detention. "
"Wade, don't "
Flashback #2
Flash scoffed, "why would Parker be interesting to the paparazzi" but otherwise remained quiet.
×××××××××××××××××××✗
"What was that?" Abe sounded frightened.
"Boss, you have a message from Princess Shuri."
"MJ please don't." Wade had this talk with his fathers, and the family, the whole family
"Call him names? Push him in the hallways? You know regular bully stuff."  Betty shruggs no noticing Ned and Peter's twin winces and MJ's smirk.
@ Stark Industries I like to remind them that I talked to Tony from time to time.
Can I recieveth a Waffle
Peter inhaled slowly,
An example would probably be nice.
"How did you manage to make your holograms interact?" Flash spit out.
Peter's gut churned remembering how scared he was when his dad got thrown at a building a month back. He had his suit then and he was still concussed.
Moonmoon
"I'll keep that in mind." Danny's Jaw just hit the floor.
Mr. Dad?
Thor FFS
MJ looked heavenwards as if to ask for strength to deal with this.
"I'm not kidding man, he was yelling the whole bus ride here about what a coward you are, or how you lied about the internship, it got really annoying. And then..." Ned kept talking, Peter wondered, not for the first time, whether Ned could out ramble Wade.
"I know we're surprised too!" Wanda exclaimed with false cheer. Peter raised an eyebrow and Wade was cackling in the background.
I'm fckn done with both of you.
Tony huffed, "come on freezer pop, it's not interesting, I want to see Howard's face when he hears about the future."
He hears a distinct mechanical sound that he knows is from an engine.
"Well, you could grab a beanbag and your laptop and hop to it, looks like you have a project to sell. You'll have all the data emailed to you already. " Fishlegs pointed towards the monitor and there it was, her picture next to a  project number.
Dad tf??
"Tony. My name is Tony, and yeah it's me."
"It is indeed very humorous of them, but they really shouldn't jump to conclusions-" But apparently, Brunnhilde had a plan to completely murder him today so she cut him off.
"What? He was serious?  You? Peter goodie Two shows Rogers-Stark selling drugs?  " Peter was  treated to another bout of laughter.
(Heaven forbid Peter call him anything but Dad or any of the Avengers Mr. or Ms. something, they'll think their little spider got hit in the head and got amnesia, then somehow the blame would fall on Wade and tony will drop him from Floor 90 again and Natasha will proceed to chase him across the city with various threats of murder and torture all the while the rest of the Avengers doted on Peter
"That's funny. Considering you still have your hand on his collar " Steve says, glaring murder.
: how's the tour going?
"Peter! My dude, My nerd, I was just telling Falcon here that I am the superior uncle." Clint grinned.
He laughed at Tony's exaggerated pout. Laughing came easier knowing He would be at Italy when he makes Howard Flatline.
"Dad! Thank you!"
"What happened?  Did something blow up in the lab?" Steve says already getting up and walking out of the room. Tony didn’t tell him about working on anything potentially life threating, but he has a running theory that his husband doesn’t realize when something could harm him.
: bruce banner?
"Well it wasn’t exactly what I wanted to spend my day either" Tony grumbled as he hugged Natasha too. Clint and Bucky joined on the group hug and thor got enthusiastic enough to lift all four of them off the ground.
"So anyway I knocked it out of his hand and he tried to punch me.  And I caught his hand and grabbed it in a hold but I think I held it too tight and it might be broken but it could be just held at the wrong angle so - "
"I'm not dating him. What the hel??!!?" Brunnhilde made a face.
We have to think of something like that for our wedding @KatsuDon'tAtMe
"I cannot believe you guys!" Peter exclaimed when they were out in the hallway.
Peter knew without Wade there, he would be swarmed by questioning peers, and of course a seething Flash. (Peter decided the best part of the day was seeing the life leaving Flash's eyes when he met Wade). He knew that wouldn't stay though, Peter'd probably have to answer a gazilion questions when he got back to school the next day. He grimaced at the thought.
"You sound like one of your PSA." his dad scrunches his nose. His pops looks besotted.
Moonmoon
Thor was not pining odindamnit.
I'm suing Anthony Edward Strak for gross usage of puns and Sreven Grant Rogers as an associate.
The boy in question froze.  "Wait..... really? I can talk openly about you guys now?" he asks in wonder.
"He should, I think. Peter said something about him coming." Steve gets up and heaves a few breath.
"Uncle Clint, I'm not a genius!!! " everyone in the room seemed to give 'pete' a flat look even the robot who didn't have much in terms of different facial features.
: oof sorry can't  rn, I'll hear from aunt nat later?
Tony looked back at the screen.
"HAH, I WAS RIGHT, YOU WERE LYING PENIS!!!!" Flash's cheering was quickly cut out by one knife, two bullets  and one arrow grazing very close to his head. and flecks of red magical tendrils floating dangerously close to his body. He stopped himself to see, the fuming Avengers.
He took his phone out as soon as the bell rang to text Peter.
"I thought you were a neanderthal Flash, why are you speaking English?"
"But, no matter human, since you gave me such a wonderful treasure, I'll help you. Maybe you'll even be alive to see the damage you did. " was the last he heard the voice before he was consumed by darkness.
Wade I swear to god if you don't stop being self depracating in your Twitter handle I will eat all the chimmychingas.
: uh, yeah. I just meant like …
Ned looked around to see the slack jawed expressions of his classmates. He could not help but think, 'it be like that sometimes '
"We need to tie them up. Do you think we have ropes in the gym?" he asks.
"Bullying records going as far back as freshman year,  five physical injuries in the past two months, regular verbal abuse, and a few attacks against his friends also." Friday chirped.
"Well, at least Cindy’s taking it well." Peter points out.
Cindy almost cooed, that boy was too freaking precious for this cruel  cold hearted world.
Tony: do you think he'll like those huge teddy bears for a gift?
"Or, it could be someone nice?" Ned protested.
(the avengers communal living room)
"Nah, It's a tour group. Come say hi Pete." Clint beaconed them in. Because Clint loves his jokes.
they're going to the workout
: Flash is still alive!
: wholesome bois.
@Potts you said casually this is casual.
"Groveling won't get you out of punishment Mr. Parker, unless you could get Tony Stark to come and say that he signed your slip, you're gonna have to do the detentions. " Mr. Shuu says with a sneer on his face.
He knows he's going to kill some of them with his own bare hands. He could kill them in a glance, but no. He's going to break every single bone in their hands. Peel the skin off where they touched Tony.
*BANG*
: anyway Captain America and Iron Man is currently tearing into Ryner now. Ned and Mj are in a group hug with Peter.
Ahem.... That probably wouldn’t work out great. Besides,  he doesn’t even know if Tony's into guys or not, let alone him.
Then his voice came out of the Speaker but he was talking to someone in front of him,
"Guess who's in lab 44?" Peter and Ned smirked.
" 'ello Danny, I have your new Intern, zhis is Cindy. "
Who are you talking about?
When they get down, they all gape. Wade wonders if it’s because it’s a big building.
Holyshit he's savage.
Father in law? Dad in law? Would that make the captain pops in law?
"And this is one of the higest labs we are going in today. As you can see this is one of the reasearch areas. " Betty points out.
You know who I am @TStark
"See uncle Clint, I told you it was time travel"
×××××××××××××××××××✗
"Bye author!" Wade says as he waves and walks towards Peter.
The other girl's eyes widen as she takes her in.
"Oh, Pete, you know you don't have to take it." Steve threw an arm around him in comfort. Flash took the time to scurry to the back of the group.
A noise comes from the pillow that Steve has his head burried in. The other occupants decides to take it as a negative answer.
"it's nothing, I'm fine." Peter tries to reassure.
"Hah! Bet Penis Parker knew where we were going and that's why he didn’t come to School for a month.  "
Why's he pissed off?
He's a very smart idiot with a heart of gold.
"Yes Ma'am. "
Natasha was doing yoga, and attempting to teach Wanda to do the same (Wanda, who hates Yoga) Bucky was lifting weights with his metal arm (weights that are waaaay less then his limit of carrying things.) Vision was calmly floating. Rhodey was apparently punching a punching bag (which is exercising, something he usually wouldn't do without Steve's coaxing)
: rood
: sorry bro any kind of pictures and/or videos are strictly prohibited.
"Hey, Penis, why hasn't  your pal Tony Rogers-Stark shown up yet? I bet you made friends with all the Avengers  huh?" Flash tauted, apparently he doesn't care how bad of a day Peter is already having.
Ned rolled his eyes, alright dude, he got it after the first ten time, they had to behave wherever they're going.
"You're way to obsessed with his genitalia to not have a crush" Michelle walks in from nowhere startling him.
"Hey Flash, maybe you should have the decency to talk about someone to their face. Oh wait sorry I forgot who I was talking to." Ned grit out.
Given my account name, 5'6" and three quarters.  A bit more taller if he's wearing an armour.
This chapter includes Trans Pete.  I am not a trans perso,  so I'm pretty sure I botched it up, Iam extremely sorry for that
Peter supposed the positive media from back then helped with mellowing things out with their coming out tomorrow. The public has been as sick of their will they won't they as the avengers and Peter was.
"Yeah, that's tougher, especially since he's a trouble magnet." Peter's mouth quirked a little and Clint shook his head a little,  " don't give me that look, you inherited that..... From the entirety of the avengers but whatever."  that earned him a huff.
"So what's the game plan for tomorrow? " Ned asks. Peter for the life of him, couldn't figure out if there was anything important coming up tomorrow. It doesn't matter anyway, after the schedule he has been keeping, it's a miracle his fathers let him come in today.
Peter smiled, then remembered to turn down the Spider-Man charm at the last moment and not say something like, 'all in a day's work officer Pennington. Happy to be of service! '
"We 'ave new recruits!  Two passes for beginner level interns, one for research and one for marketing. And ze number for your tall friend with nice hair wouldn’t 'urt" she winks.
: YOU SHOULD GIVE A GODDAMN WARNING BEFORE SPRINGING HIM ON US.
: thor likes poptarts.
Bucky was sharing his popcorn with Tony while they watched the god Vs. Veteran and spy unfold and Steve, one of the Occasionally Responsible Adults™ in the Avengers had apparently given up on stopping the fight, and decided to just let them get it out of their systems.
This is a reminder to everyone that follows me to strengthen their garage security or they might find a stray billionaire in there
"Hey there kid, heard you made a field medic?" the man asked Peter had the vaguest sense that he was nursing a hangover even though he showed no outward signs. It set Peter on edge.
"Don' wanna" he says instead turning away from the other boy and
: yeah you could tell the exact moment Penis's lies come to light.
Man, if the teachers were this excited, you'd think they'd just come out and say where the trip is.
: Hey! He's doing better :<
she turns to him next,
Steve closes his eyes, purses his lips and sighs through his nose.  Barnes smirks, leans closer to him and whispers something to him, he sighs out loud this time but he has a slight smile on his face, she doesn't know what that's about, but can't be that bad.
"Sure I do, but they don't really mean anything-" Tony shrugged and then smirked,
Peter omitted the part where Flash was having a mighty good time tormenting Peter all day, he said something about Peter not going because he didn't want his secrets to get spilt. But whatever , Peter was already too upset to pay any attention to the other boy.
: yeah well Y'all headed to Ryner's the class after next right?
: Peter! You're ok right?
: idk jason can you sign an NDA?
"Just trust me when I say that you're all going to love the place." be says with the conspirational wink that all the teachers has been doing since they announced the trip.
Although, He is man of the future. Surely this kind of backwater lands thinking isn't right for him? Surely he shouldn't go through with this.. This lunacy. Had he really sunk low enough to summon a demon?
Francine sighs, "ah, woe is me, anyway, zhese,are the new recruits, Cindy Moon and Betty Brant. " she gestures towards the girls just as Charlie pulls two cards from somewhere and hands them to Francine.
Yeah huh
He's using normal people words without sarcasm, this is one of the proudest moments of my life.
He looked to see his pops glaring at the man, or the penguin to his pops's Sahara,  both works.
"Peter" there was movement on the other side but Peter couldn’t what was going on.
Why are you all like this?
Babe.....
Also fuck Tyler and his uncle's friend. Who cares if he works there? And why does he have to be so loud?
"Think the TV would have to blur out his face when it'd show?" Jessie added on. Wade scoffed,
Cindy looked towards the room to see an old man coming out of the room he was laughing and whooping for some reason.
But the avengers were all in Washington in for a meeting about the Accords.  His dad was complaining about it all day the day before they left.
: that's bea!
"And why would he let you do that?"
"What did you pay her fatass?" A hiss sounded close to his ear. Ned jumped.
He slowly began walking towards tony and who are likely his captors.  He'd run but he was pretty sure his knees are buckling too hard for him to not faceplant and injure himself in the rubble.
"Like my husband got kidnapped " he raised an eyebrow.
"Where are you kiddies from? I don't really schedule the tours" Tony says as he munches on another popcorn.
"The fuck is that supposed to mean??! " Mr. Yelli snarls.
"I'm pretty sure Peter thinks you're a hypocrite for making him rest and not resting yourself. " Natasha pointed out and Tony shrugged
That's fair
"If you say so..." Alice looked unsure, but ultimately, left and now Peter was left in front of his peers... Oh boy.
The intern that was waiting for them however looked like someone from marketing so she's not directly under his wing.
×××××××××××××××××××✗
Does anyone else think the Stark company's intern account radiates pure puppy energy?
"We need you to go there, he can't come in today, apparently, he fell and broke his hand."
Peter's eyes widened. Is that why Steve recommended Midtown for Wade?
Flash looked dumbfounded for a moment, as though he hadn't thought of that then shook his head and sneered at Peter again.
It was....... Something, but only two extremely homophobic kids had anything to say against it.
Finally I can prove that Penis parker was lying.
: despite the warning signs.
"Nothing you need to worry your pretty little head about baby boy" Wade says and wraps his hand around Peter's shoulder.
"Remember how none of you believed him when he said Peter had a internship? why would he think you would've believed him about the adoption?" she looked towards Ms. Terry,
From: GeniusBossBitch
Oh, for fucks sake,
"Hey MJ,,,,,  why?, , yeah I  just got here
: oh he's probably not into me MJ
Mamaspider @Romanofff
Clint?
"No, if you kick flash out, then for hate crime and abuse of a minor. " Peter hissed back.
HOLY FCVK
"You mean you were spying on us." Steve interrupted then kissed Tony's cheek.
Peggy shook the man's hand after confirming he's not crazy.
"And don't ever yell at my son again, he's a great kid." Steve finished.
"Distress? "
Ned took a seat at the front and away from Flash. Without Flash pestering him, he remembered that he was panicking for a reason.
Some nerve soothing pictures.
"What he means is he and Bruce basically Tonyed their way to becoming Ned's second set of parents. Of course He knows him." Bucky says from next to Tony and gets his popcorn bowl taken from him for his troubles. Tony moves to Steve so that Bucky can't steal the Popcorn back.
"Well, I mean it's just Parker, he's worthless, why wouldn't I call him some kind of name?"
"Really it's cool Maddie, we should get going with the tour." he cuts her off with a smile. The girl nods looking slightly starstruck.
Dr. Erskine has yet again refused a candidate. At this rate, he wouldn't be satisfied even if the name of Stark Industries ran through the ground. That is not something Howard could stand for.
"Talk to the lawyers about changing that name when you talk about that emancipation case." Tony says, " Fri, honey, send one of our lawyers number in his phone, I'll talk to Pepper later. "
He gave the phone back to the receptionist and sighed.
So yeah. Avengers tower. Exciting. For Wade at least cause Babyboy is here! And for the rest of the class too. He supposed.
: hey!
See more
"What? You support those,- those fairies? " Harrison Thompson sputtered.
"Are they having problems settlingin earth? " Loki asks.
The doctor studied her for a while then nodded,
: lol loki.
For the first time since Thor came to the realization that he loves Bruce, a tenetive hope grew. Maybe Bruce actually reciprocated?
They hacked my suit, said hi through F.R.I.D.A.Y, and landed it then opened it to let me out.
(... Wait a minute was that a Yuri on ice reference? It's been almost five year let. It . Goooo
"Nice to see you again aunt Peggy."
ব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্ব
MJ perked up, "oh?"
: I'm headed to the cafeteria now.
ব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্ব
Peter sighed, better to say it now before he gets Natasha involved.
After Mr. Leroy checks the attendance and the rest of Ned's class is finished with ogling the building, they're all herded inside.
"And our eye in the sky" Steve
"Excuse me but who are you?" he asks
" yeah yeah Ned, but would you rather spend time with him or me?" Eleanor batted her eyelashes.
,.............................
"Does everyone have their security passes?" Peters words broke the silence that befell them and a screaching voice yelled, "What the fuck Parker? How much did you pay her to let you do this?"
"Our tour guide is going to be here, so be on your best behaviour,  that means no name calling,  no fighting, and definitely no disrespect towards the SI and Employees.  "
"Why are children in the lab?" She questioned.
@BlueberryMuffin He'll probably try to kill me, but he just took a step in the right direction with his crush and he doesn’t realise that his situation is really not as bad as it seems.
"That's going to be the sales pitch for the project. I know you probably think an interns pich normaly doesn’t make it to the end pich, and a company like SI has people that do that,  but well, You're picked as an intern because you’re good at this, and SI wants to utilise that."
They were both a bit behind on the mordern references thing, they both were inhumanely strong, they both liked to pretend being clueless and innocent to mess with people, and they were both hopelessly in love with geniuses .
"He didn’t realise that you’ll probably get everyone for that lecture did he?" MJ asks looking at the boy as he walks out of even his hearing range.
"Do not. Mess. This. Up or so help me Odin I will release blackmails you don't even remember existed." he hissed and left.
: Peter's dating Deadpool.
Oh, alright he supposed that's probably how others felt huh. For Wade, the fact that Peter lives there had always been more important than the avengers. Not to say Avengers had no significance of course not. He had to figure out how to get past all of their security for like more than half a year.
"Hello? Am i talking to Peter's stepfather? " Mr. Steward asked getting over the shock of familiarity of the voice.
: the tower actually looks bigger the closer you get so currently were just all staring up.
Howard Stark was desperate. He didn't really know what he's going to do, sure he is young. Very young for a CEO of a weapons company. But the amount of stake he has had to put into this project is grand even for him.
And if Thor gets rejected, of this there is a very big chance, Bruce could turn back to being reclusive. Thor could not take that chance.
"as impressive as that is, I have to share that you two are also the worst at noticing your own feelings for each other, and even worse at figuring out the other's feeling for yourself.
"Wait, aunt Peggy? you said you knew her, you didn't say you two were close." Barnes interrupted.
"It's not like THAT with me and Artie!"
hahhahaahhHAHAHH @ Ban, you think you're in pain? You have not suffred untill you have lived with them.
How the heck did he get stabbed again????
Stark intern :
: hey where did MJ run off to again?
His phone was vibrating for a full two minutes from the onslaught of notifications.
"Fuck you I'm Tony Stark-Rogers, I do what I want."
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
From two rooms over, Steve smiles angelically. Howard Stark is too easy to fool really.
"Don't worry about the Space time continuum, Birdy no.2.  Dr. wizard of oz said something about it, and memory wipe." the robot (she was pretty sure he's not a robot)  waves a hand.
but it seemed that Flash was not yet finished yelling,
There was a beat of silence before Bruce launched himself at Thor and tackle hugged him.
He's.  Been. What?????
: wait wha-?
Peter internally groaned,  ever since he fixed one of her formulas on the board, the woman started hating him with a burning passion. he dreaded to think what she had planned now.
@ Thompson, seriously dude? Did you not see the SI press conference?
Pro: Peter tells him things he likes about Wade
"Well, what do we do now?" Steve asks.
: do people still actually pine.
"I wanna help you though, dad's a genius  but he's dense as a baby of concrete and superglue when it comes to feelings. 'sides, why do you think I never called you uncle?" Steve stared at Peter.
"My parents were superstitious,  they thought having bad names would keeps trolls away." he shrugged sheepishly.
Then he frowned.
"I'm saying that Peter suddenly began using a lot of new and expensive things, and there must be a reason for that." the reply was prim.
: smh blame peter for calling me out like that.
: and we is me peter and ned.
"Well, that's well and all but it'd be pretty awkward if the future head of R&D of Stark industries and mine and Steve's sole heir lives on the streets though." Tony says with a pleasant tone, but if Ned squints, he could see a vein pound on the side of Tony's head.
"Alright then, I'll just take Brunnhilde and..... Let you two talk." Loki took the laptop and leaned close to Thor
Peter pressed the panic button in his watch. And there was a little red blink to tell him that the message was sent.
Peter was really thankful for MJ's intervention and putting her hand over Ned's mouth. He was probably about to talk about spiderman again.
° Thor and Bucky wrestling as Steve referees. Sam and Rhodey share popcorn and natasha runs on a treadmill.  °
"you are on probation. "
I almost had a sensory overload from all the standing around an TALKING. also some of the old people were creeps.
Peter rubbed a hand over his face,
"Alright everyone gather around, we're going to room No. 43. It's a..." Peter pulled out a map in his phone. "It's a R&D lab. So everyone, please be careful and avoid touching things. The things in those labs tends to explode, regardless of whether its supposed to."
"Hey Deadpool, do you have super strength? " she asks sounding as casual as she could manage.
"Yes boss will be there with you. And being there is advisable "
They were near the science wing when they ran into Wade.
"Alright teach that's what you look like then, what did you mean by the lie about internship? " Peter's father asked.
they're still alluding to the tour?
"HAH I WAS RIGHT PENIS PARKER! YOU WERE LYING!!!!!" He yelled, and was about to go off again when a knife and two bulletes whized closely past his head. Some red tendrils of magic was hovering next to his head threateningly.
"I'm Spider-man. "
Honesty Stony's we didn't breakup was pretty epic.
"Come on now Pete let's have a long nice chat about all the things you forgot to tell us about your school."
Peter could feel the eyes on him. He finally made eye contact with Ned and MJ to see them looking smug.
"Tony stop using that kind of language in front of Peter. " he says calmly as though his husband wont throw their son's boyfriend from the top floor.
"You know what, we should have a nice long chat this week, I'll even invite my laweers, and you can invite the Principal OK?" Tony told Mr. Collins who, at this point, was sweating bullets.
Peter sighed, there was no use to hide it now, the avengers and Wade caught the scent, they'll do whatever it takes to find out what happened to Peter.
"Pety pie? Honey? Wake up." a voice crooned near him. Peter burrowed further into the blanket.
3. Not immideately burning said permission slip
Bruce is like a clam. closed off but with a hidden gem, Thor will not be the reason for him to be closed off like a clam again.
: there was a homophobic dude making comments so they made everything as gay as they could think to make it.
Bucky sighs, "Still traking the van through the CCtv footage, would've been easier on them and on friday if it had a licence plate"
Ok I'll calm down.
Is? he? ok?
×××××××××××××××××××✗
"Oh, yeah, he was even drawing the guy, and can you believe it It's another guy!-"
I showed him this and Steve was in the same room
Even then he already knew what Ms. Lanister was talking about in this lesson, something about some sort of fungi. He wasn't really paying attention.
"Which one of you are Eleanor and Flash? I wanna talk."
She doesn’t really have anything against Peter,  the boy nice. He's sorta like a golden labrador. Cindy doesn’t even particularly care if he has an internship or not, actually the only one who still cares is Flash.
But It's not even a normal circumstance. Given that MJ is currently in Vienna probably at a fancy hotel or a board meeting with Pepper and Peter is with his fathers in Wakanda probably hanging out with Shuri. And Ned was left to panic from his anxiety all in his lonesome.
To add to that, in case he does like men Steve has a plan, he'd probably get Tony to like him back by....... Three years or so, but that's ok, he can be patient. (A/N Why are you like this)
Natasha face palmed, Peter' left eye twitched, Bucky muttered something like, "star spangled man with a plan my ass"
Natasha got close to Flash and whispered something that sounded suspiciously like "sleep with one eye open" Peter sighed, He'd have to talk to his spider-godmother about killing teens.
"No."
Two of the dicks laugh like it was a challenge instead of a warning. Wade, who has been banned from many many labs, knows the warning.
"Really guys, it's cool, I think Shuri's about to pull a prank though." he waved his hand.
Peter was turning back to Ned and MJ when he heard the faint whisper, "alright but is  Stony Cannon?" Peter smiled.
Moonmoon
"Oh my god I love you so much" Tony breathes out, and to Steve it felt like a great weight lifted off his head.
"Yes Howard, he's your son." Peggy says looking affronted.
He stepped between Wade and Flash,
Gotta go. Im gonna hippity happty hit this mf Flash.
"Please tell me that that is not going to be my dads." he groaned.
"Rogers-Stark who is this? " his fahter's voice was clipped. He supposed he was weary seeing an unknown number.
"No! Why would you- NO! Of coures we aren’t " and Jesus christ he did not know that Peter could look so judgemental.
®®®®®®®®®®®
@Stark Industries probably lmao
"Fla- uh- Eugene, his name is Eugene Thompson " Mr. Stewart stuttered.
"Ok, I guess, and you all, bar Peter is a part of the avengers initiative,  to save the earth from grand scale harms?"
Steve, Bucky and Sam disappeared from the Gym leaving a two swinging punching bags and a running treadmill.
"Hey! He's not that insane! He just likes to talk to the boxes sometimes" Peter crossed his arms defensively.
"A warehouse, an hour via quinjet. " Nat's voice had a cold no nonsense tone to it that Steve appreciated at that moment.
__________
If half an hour after the snack break his entire class gets thrown out of the building well, that's no one's business but theirs. And if someone got Fury to pull him from East-West to go to a school closer to Midtown…. Well, it seems he was growing on the in-laws.
The two scientists were settling in as the plane just took off Tony left to freshen up, and Bruce took a calming sip of the chamomile the hostess was kind enough to hand out.
"Well, yeah, I have connections?  It isn't really hard to hook her up with a studio."
Peter took a breath after he finished rambling, he looked at his family,  most of their faces were hardened, even Bruce had a frown.
The doctor frowned,
Steve huffs. " 'Course we will.  Failure isn’t an option." he says and really take his time to remind himself that what he says is true. "How are Pete and Nat doing? "
Hey Shuri good to hear that do you think we'll get to work on R2d2 while you're here? Ned would probably help too.
××××××××××××××××××××××✗
She  has seen the Avengers tower before, heck it was kinda impossible not to see the giant tower if you live in new york, and same goes for Tv in all over the world.
She saw Eleanor notice Peter though, and she had this glint in her eyes, the same one she had after Flash was bragging about his...... Something or the other, and a week before the rumours of her sleeping with Flash started miling about.
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
Special thanks to my personal Meme servant 🅱eter 🅱arker,
Natasha looked at Tony condescendingly.
: are you having a seizure?
"Flash if you're going to call someone a bad bitch, you should say the full title, not everyone's title works broken down. For instance, you're a dumbass, but you could also be called both Dumb and Ass" Ned quipped getting a small lip twitch from MJ. he calls that a win.
Yeah, he's jealous of Peter's grades, and MJ and I was just got caught in the cross fire
"What the fuck did you call my kid?" Tony asked with a calm facade, but one look at him would reveal the storm brewing behind his mask.
Cindy didn’t even resist the urge to facepalm. It didn’t really matter considering the lovebirds were so lost in each other's awkwardness that they couldn’t actually speak. Dr. Odinson-Banner bit his lips not to laugh out loud.
"Of course we will get our tour guide in a minute, please wait here." Her tone was polite, fake and customer pleasing, as anyone would expect from a receptionist. A few minutes of Flash trying to get on his nerves later, a bubbly young woman made her way to the group, Peter doesn't really remember her name, but he saw her when he was passing the lower floors.
Cindy and Betty exchanged a glance, and came to a decision to just..... Screw with them
: Goooooooooooooood morning to the absolute most perfect being in the whole multiverse.
"She probably forgot to tell him. "
Tony processed  the news and then huffed. "Aww damn we cant kick a kid when he's down. ”
God I hope not.
The angelic smile turned to a smirk, "I know what you seek human, you wish for prosperity. Did you never hear that you shouldn't make a deal with the devil?"
wanted to take a head count. As though anyone in this miserable school would miss it. And they had to leave at six cause they wanted to reach SI by eight thirty. Right. Cause that's how you beat rush hour traffic. And to top everything off, Fury sent him on a late night mission against a small terrorist cell late last night, which meant he was still fighting off with his concussion and getting shoved and hitting his head on the seat did not help.
See more
"Cause he thinks you hung the stars? Dude, you can't tell me you don't see how he stares at you? Besides, I doubt he'd let anyone else talk science to him for hours on end."
Person against giving the latest helping bot to Red cross : IT'S NOT NOTHING STARK! JUST BECAUSE YOU'RE A MILLIONAIRE WHO DOESN’T CARE -
Peter groaned and Clint smirked threw him a salute and left. Ned patted his shoulder while MJ smirked at Flash. The other boy seemed to realise that yes, it might be a bad idea to go after Peter.
And then they rush inside not wanting to be late.
What is it about?
: give it up parker.
"we're sorry ma'am, we'll try not to talk as much." Peter mumbled not wanting a detention.
Peter thought about what to do the whole day. His family probably let him sleep in because he was running on Wakandian time. But now that he was up, and everyone was probably busy.......... He could always go on a Patrol, or he could go to his lab to work on the new web formula, he could probably find some of the avengers in the gym though.
"Is it the clothes? I told him his old science pun shirts looks like nobody loves him. And he should try his new wardrobe. " Tony jokes, as he normally does to defuse the situation before doing something drastic.
(video file attached)
Peter quickly grabbed his phone and texted Wade about what happened. (Amilice is one of his OTP's) and while he was texting, Alice was trying to introduce him to the group.
"Alright, I'll be leaving. Zhose paperworks don't finish zhemselves" she winked at Danny and left. The man nodded and extended a hand towards Cindy,
Excuse moi? How dare you question the pure face of beauty that is him?  How dare?
: actually she recognized Ned and MJ too?
Underline: white box
"What'd you just call him?" Wade says in a low voice.
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
The class was busy gawking at MJ walking behind Pepper. They used a different ID detector, meaning they didn't bother looking up from their phones or scan any pass they just walked through one and into an elevator.
"Don't worry about him miss, he's a student of mine but he's not supposed to be here, I'll escort him out." Mr. Tritter stopped her and Peter floundered before answering.
"Yes, but- " Ned could feel her giving an explanation. This is probably the worst part of being the official computer expert of Bruce Odinson-banner.
Peter nodded and turned towards where he had lain a dummy for Mary to operate on. His father....... Had fun with the dummy,
"Dear god shut up! Tony, Steve, get up, go to the penthouse, talk it out. Or I'm going to lock.you two in a suply closet. " Bruce sounded as close to anger he got without Hulking out
She saw Cindy, then looked towards the group, processed it and just felt like crawling in a grave and staying there, the one time the surprise field trip is at a not boring place, and It's her office.  Freaking peachy.
*CRASH*
Oh my god.
"Except the part where it totally kinda is."
"Guys come on let's talk it out, it's no big deal." Peter tried to reason.
: I'm in English with him Peter just sighed so deep and dissapointed.
I too sincerely apologise for our predicament young Starkson.
"You know the tour group Ned?" he asks 'innocently'.
"Two people who had been torn apart from time to time only to be back together stronger than ever. you two have been plagued by your own demons yet managed to give your utmost to help the other in times of need.
Wade hugged him from where he was sitting next to him. Peter shook his head,
: The owner of the most perfect smile and the kindest words.
He got closer to the door and locked it and put his ear on the door, It would be hard to tell anything in the panic, but Super hearing definitely helps. Also the people doing the shooting were dressed for combat that made them heavier
"Rumours? " came a third female voice and Peter groaned again,  great! just what he needed, Black widow riding on his school's case.
"There is also a video file attached." Friday informed.
"Hey, Al, uh, field trip?" Peter explained lamely.
Actually....... he squinted his eyes, that was his hoodie, the one he thought was stolen. He has not seen that hoodie in a week. Who would-
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
If you don’t,  get a black dress for her funeral ig.
Stabbed. I called Dr. Odinson-Banner so he's stable now.
She sighs and rubs her forehead,  why could the man not move on? what on earth could posses him to keep searching for a man who's supposes to be dead but neglect his very alive family?
MmmmmmwacchaJ
Mr. Stark bringing out paperworks : It's you sign here.
See more replies
Stark intern : I can't find my phone
You don't understand, he's adorable and I would die for him.
"What the hell happened here? Are you ok? Did you get injured?" he asks Peter.
"Dr. Technus how the heck did you manage to blow up your equipment? " Danny asks looking pissed as he and Cindy extinguish the last of the flames.
He cursed his luck. Steve is going to be so pissed.
:to be fair to you guys the worst of it is over.
Who wants the video of flass getting tackled by Wade?
After breakfast was over, Peter headed out towards the training room along with Steve and Wade. They decided to spar today. When they were near the door to the gym they chose, Friday's voice came from the speaker.
@ shuri please, we're dying over here what happenned to stony?????
"w-well Ma'am I was- just, just saying, that Peter is a whimp, why is h-he allowed to train with you" Flash says, and Peter wished that he had some way of shutting him up.
Thor breaks free, " I suppose it would not do for them to not attend." he says and tries to pindown Steve instead,
"Oh come on Pep, I'm not that bad" Tony interjected.
"They're just ... Kids... Messing around, it's nothing too major." Mr. Collins protested weakly.
See more replies
"So Spidermom and I was checking some security footage." Tony said in leu of greeting.
Peter shook himself and slowly entered the kitchen.
Peter sighed,
"How do you know about that?" Peter raised an eyebrow. He didn't think the news would reach Ned so quickly but Ned has always had a way with information, whether it be computer codes or gossip.
Come on, It's pretty obvious,  Tony Stark just came out as Bi like two and a half hour ago, who else could it be?
MJ scoffed,
@ parkour, aren’t you supposed to be at school?
"Is Arthur in lab 44 by any chance? " Peter asks with a devilish grin.
Ned smiled, his friend could be so noble, it's good to see some of the family helping him.
His excuse of already having enough clothes ran out when he came in with a hole in his "what do you call an acid with an attitude?  A-mean-oh acid" shirt. And well and truly ran out of shirts to wear. He knew he was screwed the moment aunt Natasha and aunt Pepper saw his shirt and shared a grin.
"They're probably freelance, but they had Bob with them so we can hear more from him- " Tony looked at him worriedly before interrupting,
"DUDE what happened with Mr. Stewart? " Ned asks as soon as he reaches the boy near their lockers.
where Peter is having a tour
oh boy, that's  my boyfriend,  and.....  He really thinks I'm good looking for some reason. I hope he won't do something stupid.
It didn't have to mean anything and he definitely wasn't going to tell anyone, It's just! The man was what Thor would describe as perfect, Bruce felt like warm tea and books and calm all the while hiding so much raw power that he could destroy anything he wanted to.
He walked along the corridor, giving small greetings to people passing him. When he finally reached the door, he heard people talking on the other side. Quite a few of them actually. he got a shock when he opened the door,
"You can do whatever with it. My company needs to prosper. "
Bucky eyes him for a moment before leaning forward, "At ease soldier. We'll get him back. "
"Dr. Odinson-Banner!.....  Er, Bruce, I finished the irrigation code. And It's working better than I thought it would! ..... " Ned bounded in the room full of energy.
"Please show this man the way to the exit and revoke any access he might have gotten in the future. Take him before I punch him. " Steve grits out.
: ooh was that Wade?
: or female at all?
"I am not mooning over Bruce brother. And I most definitely am not pining!" he refuses as he does everytime Loki brings it up.
"He just made a circuit board yesterday as though that was something to show off" Howard scoffed.
The class was transfixed. They saw the boy everyday, they knew him as a whimp, when the hell did he get agile enough to fight two people at the same time? the fight ended with the Falcon tapping out and Peter dodging yet another arrow.
"I've been adopted. " he mumbles. What else could he say?
Stark intern : I can no longer explain.
"Hello Peter, I am glad that you took my suggestion of using the front door this time " Friday called. Peter hummed.
"Correct "
"Hey, bambino, it's ok. At least you can brag about your Fathers being Avengers  now ?" Tony says playfully, giving Peter a side hug. Peter returns it because no matter how mad he is he really cant stay mad at his family.
Flash threw Peter a triumphant look  as though he accomplished something.
Thor cheered both his brother and his friends from the sidelines, but didn't join. Probably because Bruce was meditating next to Natasha and does he not want to annoy his husband.
"Well, he's taking a day off for starters, also Nat could you check with the others? Everyone better be nice to him tomorrow . We could have a family day. Heck, I'll even throw in the Red and Black asshole if it makes him feel better."
"HOW THE FUCK DID PENIS PARKER BECOME TONY ROGERS-STARK'S HEIR!!!" Oh would you look at that Flash has lost the will to live.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy wealthy and wise. How does this phrase come in if the man in question never went to bed in the first place?
"Then, and again I know it won't happen, but on the off chance that it does, Then you get me and Bets in the divorce,  how bout that?" Cindy yet again shows off her absolute lack of people skills.
"Yeah, Peter you're not fooling anyone, what happened?"
"Alright, since no one will probably pay attention to anything in this room anyway, how about we move to the next section, which is...." She was cut off by another frazzled looking intern walking towards them,
"So! This van was standing on the road and this dude was leaning on the van. He was soooo tall dad. And jeez he was probably on some kind of steroid now that I think about it. I was really jealous since he was like a foot taller than me-"
Step 1 : Don't panic
"Well, there goes the press conference. " Peter mumbles.
Howard appeared to gone completely red in anger. Peggy however held no sympathy for him.
To be, or not to be
"Pete! Thank god you're here! Old birdbrain up there is spreading lies and slander."
"He won’t, he doesn’t care what you look like, and I know he told you this before, don't think I don't, and the most important part is that he loves you. Also he sure as shit doesn’t like you getting hurt so don't hurt yourself if you don’t want him to be pissed." Betty patted and soothed.
He was pushed back, his back thudding on the wall. His vision had little black spots dancing in it. He blinked to clear his eyes only to see a hulking mass standing in the circle. The creature's eyes glowed like blue fire. The smile on his lips as sweet at they come. His hair a surprising blond.
See more
: they went on a karaoke double date and MJ and her girlfriend sang Toxic together and Peter and his boyfriend Danced to Take me to Church.
a dangerous person, and chances are he's more capable of killing them than them adding a scar or two.
He really needed to have a talk with his Fathers.
See more
"Class,  we're going on a field trip tomorrow." Ms. Terry announced, and then waited for the class to calm down.
++++++++++++++++++++++‡
"Guys, come on, not now, they have a tour and Shuri just got here, I wanna hang out with her, maybe talk about this later?" If he could get them to wait for a while maybe they could cool off and talk about this with a level head, as it is, even the star spangled man with a plan looked ready to throttle someone. Namely Mr. Tritter.
Steve walked behind his husband looking only mildly disappointed but altogether amused.
Sometimes, Peter hated being right. "So, who'd you sleep with penis? You couldn't get a internship here on your own, who's balls did you have to fondle to get here?"
Then of course a teen came out with what she assumes is a box of badges. Cindy loses it then.
"Bet you programmed it before, to impress everyone bet your loser friend helped you"
True dat.
It was probably Maria.  he didn't really want to meet with her or his son, but he also didn't want to be the target of another rant about how he doesn't pay them enough attention.
"Uh, she is my robot. Her name is Mary. And She's made to help redcross medics in combat situations. "
But at the latest Maria Stark Foundation gala, the truth comes out of the bag when Steve Rogers stops a woman from flirting with Tony Stark by telling her to stop flirting with his boyfriend.
: the building's run by a fully functional AI.
"Royal family? " Loki raises an eyebrow.
"Well, sort of. I'm giving it to the red cross after I'm done with her. She could be a doctor's assistant too" Peter patted Mary's head absentmindedly.
Peter didn't say anything.  He felt the entire class quiet down trying to listen. How he wished he had Ned or MJ in this class. Maybe MJ could have helped him get out of this situation, Ned would have been the best moral support at the very least.
He hoped his star wasn't expecting more, he couldn't forgive Howard for all he put his Star through.
"Yup, It's a three year plan but I'll probably get there. Of course Tony could still reject me, but I do have a plan."
"Yikes, jeez capsicle, I lost the page, your secret crush is safe and sound." Tony pouted again.
ব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্ব
Alfred raced his eyes over the crowd, his eyes land on Peter, "PETER!! DUDE! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?! " he yelled.
Thor grimaced and repeated his point, which was, he did not have a crush on Bruce, ok? He didn't.
"I beg to differ" Natasha replied and Mr. Stewart decided to step in.
"It's OK, Alice, take as long as you need, give her a hug... Or a stern talking about safety whichever you prefer." Peter waved her off.
Ned has never seen his classmates file so quickly before in his life.
I'M 5'6" and three quarters!!!!
: pure bois.
Asdfghjkl Hawkeye and Flacon just got into a debate on who's the best uncle. @ perky how do you know them?
"Um.... I'm not sure? Mary is kinda too advanced to be shown in a science fair." he says thinking about his robot that is designed to act as a red cross paramedic.
The warehouse that was supposed to have Tony inside it.
"You're not the devil. You're one of his demons." Howard says.
Redandblue @makesPurple
"That's ok, let's go to the reception and call from there. " she said and got up prompting Peter to follow.
"Steve?"
The reply is instantaneous
: STFU Parker.
Today I have been scarred
Do you ever grow a brain?
"It may seem like the safety is a bit extreme, but well, the things coming here explode all the time. So we need to be ready, you can see the experiments happenning from the glass view above unless they darken the glass. You can stick around with me, and I'll introduce you to the other interns working here.” he barely finished when a boom came from one of the adjacent doors in the labs.
Yes. Yes he is using Mary for the Science Fair thank you for the wonderful Idea Ned.
*****************★
It all started with a bright disorienting light that suddenly covered the Avengers Tower
Peter had a surprisingly low amount of homework today so he finished quickly. he hung out with his dad in his lab for a while, then went out to patrol before it was even dinner time.... that turned out to be a bad idea when he was faced with giant robot scorpions in his petrol.
"I'm afraid I can't do that, Boss has already been informed, and I imagine it wouldn't take long for the rest to know either." FRIDAY replied in a low volume in a speaker closest to Peter so that only he could hear. Peter groaned,
Peter figured that he'd probably be over it on a month or so, but he has discovered that he hates formal parties with a burning passion. Those things are stuffy, people just... talk and eat absurdly politely (yes, eat politely) and just stand around and occasionally dance a reeealy slow waltz or something.
"How dare you boy!? I am a busy man and I do the best anyone could possibly do with my schedule! " he exclaimed.
"Let's get down to business. " Ned says.
"YOU'RE DEADPOOL!" One of Peter's classmates yelled as they got their voice back.
"Hmm, never mind, if he gets too rowdy I'm sure Wade will put a stop to it." Steve said with a smile that really made Peter question whether the "it" in question is the bullying or Flash breathing........ Knowing his boyfriend, It's probably the latter.
"Sure there is, dad's Bi, and he didn’t exactly hide it" Peter says as he comes in he goes up to the treadmill next to Nat and starts running.
And that was the other thing, ever since MJ invited her and Betty in the friend group, ("Call me MJ" which was later explained to them was how MJ made friends) And They started to talk more often, Elanor has spread it out and about that Cindy has a crush on Peter and vice versa.
Cindy knew Ned has two moms, but Cindy has a dad, and she is absolutely familiar with that glint in Dr. Odinson-Banner's eyes. That's the face her dad makes when he teases her about her crush on that one girl on TV. She winces on Ned's behalf.
This isn’t real right?
They were halfway through the line and Flash was about to scan his pass when a car stops in front of the entrance . And from the car emerged the legend Pepper Romanova-Potts herself. She was one of the few residents in the Avengers tower who is still badass even after getting to know them.
Wade, who was still staring at her, looked back over to Peter who was Chatting to the lady on the counter. "Alright."
The Avengers all looked towards her.
Sorry babyboy, this better?
"I don't think anyone in our school will take over the world Mr. Barton. Why would you think that?" he asks like the Dumbass he is.
Tony hummed,
Give the hell up Keener, no one will believe that you met Tony Stark
"Well, it was free food!"
"Yes"
"Hey man" Ned waves. Peter numbly waved back.
It didn’t,  if anything it backfired and she intensifyed her what Peter dubbed as Oh-You-Poor-Child energy.
She would tell everyone she knows that she got an internship in the Stark motherfucking Industries,  she would, She's excited enough.
Uh....
Happy pushes through the crowd and takes the scene in.
Peter hoped they didn't have a talk with Shuri about what happened,  he loves his family to bits, but they can be a little...... overprotective...
And here I thought he was the most chill.
ব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্ব
: I'm not gonna make things weird MJ.
Moonmoon
"Midtown high? " Steve questions.
"who's it?" he called.
"Is to always be ready to take his place, he's too spontaneous to keep and abide by a schedule." Peter was drinking in the words of wisdom coming from her mouth.
Cindaria : gotta go tho, Ms. Laurel's gonna yeet the hell out of us if she sees us on p
So that's three people with guns, two of them were flanking the leader and the other was right to next them. After that he could take the unarmed people easy enough.
Wait for it.
Everyone turned to look at Peter who shrugged
......... Talent.
"I can't believe I'm seeing them with my own two eyes"
×××××××××××××××××××✗
Both the women of the group had red hair one had green eyes and the other blue eyes. Both looked dangerous but not poised to attack.
Natasha romanoff, a renoued lesbian: "amazing,  wonderful, keep going you funky little bisexual "
Because of the boyf.
Peter turned around to see his fathers two uncles and one extremely pissed off spidermom.
She turned on her computer and cheked her email, did a double take and read the details again.
: damnit mj.
Thor's brain came back online and he tried to joke it off,
(Image of Peter and Tony curled on the workshop couch)
Sam sighed.
"Uhhhh, you're here?"
After the tour group left, Tony turned towards Steve,
Tony was, ogling Steve as soon as they began sparring, Natasha was taking in both of their fighting styles,  Peter was sure she could take down all of the team without breaking a sweat.
and...eugh Mr. Keaton. Peter put his phone back in his pocket.
"We are going to the Avengers tower." she said, throwing a triumphant smirk at Peter. one didn't  have to listen too close to hear the sound of Peter's head meeting his desk.
He understands why Peter had to go. The guy is the heir to the Stark Industries, also an Avenger in training, and really, he can't fault Tony for making him take an excused week off.
"What is this democracy?" Alfred moaned into his hand. The rest of the class seemed pretty entertained by their squabble, other than Ms. Terry that is, but she hated everything that came out of Peter's mouth so he didn't pay her any mind.
"People! The wall closest to the door! If they are going to shoot they're gonna aim where you are the first thing!" he says and they slowly but surely go to said corner.
: DoEsN't LiKe Me LiKe tHaT yeah bullshit.
"I wonder if son of Leeds would visit today." he says and grabs Steve in a wreslers hold forcing the other man to tap out.
"More or less, I'm not in the big scales like these guys but I just.... hang around in Queens I guess" he looked surprisingly bashful.
Then he proceeded to board the bus. Why oh why did his school have to hold a field trip to the Avengers tower?
He grabbed the guy by his wrists and keeps pressure until he drops the chair and Peter kicks it away.
"Well the- uh - that is - they always had a friendly rivalry going on."
Ned and Mrs. Leeds walked towards his stall and he happily explained to her what exactly Mary did. He did see her eyes mist up when she heard what he named Mary, but didn’t comment on it. Really, Ned and Mrs.  Leeds were both too good for this world.
"And how are you holding up cap?"  Clint ventures
"wait wait wait just- let me- ' he stepped out of the robot and hugged her back.
"Hello, Midtown High, my name is Sara and I'll be your tour guide today, before we begin I need to give you security pa...." She trails off as her eyes catches sight of Peter and bugs out,
"Training?"
: just surprised is all.
There is a group of about 10? 12 people, they're together so they're probably looking for something.  Armed if the gunshot was any indication.
"What are you still doing in my building? " Tony says getting a look at Flash. Flash, took it as a sign of dismissal, and booked it the heck out of there.
: This is a safe space either way man, even if you didn't out yourself.
See, before the adoption, Tony gave him a security card with custom access (which just means everywhere unless the occupants of the room specifically asks for people to be kept out.) but he also coded Peter to be allowed in with a quick check to his DNA through scans.
: and I worry for him. He just… gives so much of himself and then people hates him for the mistakes he made before and it sucks. Because that just makes Wade hate himself even more and I hate it when that happens.
××××××××××××××××✗
"So You're the one making him support the fags huh. Makes sense-" he looks towards his pops, oh boy "you gonna just stand this? It's not natural for two guys to be together! "
"Since you're all guests you will be given a temporary Omega access. Your access will be invalid when the tour ends. And you can't use them to come in the tower later. I'd advise you to stay in the designated area and keep your passes visible at all time. Our head of security gets a little..... Unhappy otherwise. " Ned snorted at the joke.
Aro ace
Tony Stark, taking off his glasses for Effect™ : I'm actually a billionaire.
"This is the secondery room for the interns in marketing, this is where I work right now, but I actually started working in the floor right below. So in case any one was thinking about joining the marketing - " before she could finish, she was approached by another intern.
"The chaperon of a tour seems to have asked him to leave the premises. one of his students is showing signs of bullying young sir."
Tony frowned when the teacher told them to be quiet, the other kid in the corner was obviously making much more noise. Heck, Peter didn't even say a word.
"You know, some of Dr. Strange's magic is actually hand wavy physics. Like what happen here is a tear in space and time or something, that's what he said right? We'll probably be able to go back when time rights itself" the boy says looking thoughtful.
"Sure Peter"
Peter shook his head, it won't do him any good to mope around. He needs to get over it, besides, he lives at The Avengers Tower he knows that wherever the group is going, it can't be more advanced, but at the same time he's also mourning the amount of fun Ned and MJ are going to have without him.
: Canada.
Flashback #4
"NOPE!! NOTHING  NOThing important at all!" Peter  yelped. Oh, how he hated being jumpy.
Tony and Steve wisely walked to the elevator.
"Did you just call him Penis Parker?" Rhodes threateningly asked him. The boy looked terrified. A tiny vindictive voice in his head told Peter that he should let this happen, that Flash deserved this. Unsurprisingly, that voice sounded a lot like Wade.
Yay!! Some dumbass thought that he isn't cute looking.
"Boss said it he will be here in a minute. "
"Uh.... hi everyone? how was the tour so far?" Peter paused cringing at his own awkwardness.
ব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্ব
Second off, howst the hecky did you know that?
A clink of a fork meeting a glass filled with apple juice caught the attention of the surrounding people. The wedding was a quiet affair..... as quiet as it could get with their family.
"I couldn't say" Friday replied coyly.
"He lives here, and don't change the subject, what were you doing?" Tony cuts in. This.... Is gonna end badly.
: are you really still gonna keep lying?
Peter assesses the situation.
Sure but team single Katniss all the way and that's the hill he's gonna die on.
"Dad, just close your eyes and tell me what happened. Walk me through the thing."
"Hello, Cindy.  Betty, Ned talks a lot about you." Cindy could pinpoint the exact moment Ned realised what a bad idea it was to introduce Betty to his boss(definitely not one of his father figures that's for sure as Peter rolls his eyes in the background)
"You wouldn't  do that!"
"Stark. Don't go walking into businesses that aren’t yours. I'm having a talk with this brat here and nothing more."
"YOU'RE DATING PENIS PARKER?" Flash gasped, and , oh boy this is gonna be bad.
Yeah huh
Fair enough.
"Aunt 'tasha it's alright we all know I'm not involved with drugs now so I'll just cut the call and we'll start with our classes....."
"Well, well, well, penis, looks like the cat's gonna be out of the bag soon huh, everyone's gonna see how much of a liar you are." Flash tried to taunt,  but honestly Peter was too worried about potential embarrassment by his family to actually  care.
They kissed and it set off fireworks inside Steve's  heart. He felt like he was getting lighter and floating away. Tony's lips the only thing keeping him grounded.  He'd happily never leave that moment if it were up to him.
" uh, Hey?  What's going on?" danny asks.
"Sorry man, that's classified information. " Betty shrugged.
"WHAT? Mr. Shuu? Ned? what's going on?" Peter asks..
An intern is waiting for them in front of the ID detector. Try as he might Ned could never really remember the names of all of the employees. Not even all under his jurisdiction. There are just so many scientists and personnel and interns working for SI.
He goes by Flash.
"Welcome to Stark tower. Or more commonly known as The Avengers Tower. Home of science, Avengers, and sleep deprived scientists " their tour guide chuckled.  She seemed like a nice lady, Peter has seen her around. He thinks her name is Megan. But he did not think he could handle how sunny she looked for 8. In. The freaking. Morning.
My favourite person? Definitely  @ S Industries. He's one of the kindest people in the room. Not to mention extremely smart, the  Kid's just too good for this world.
ব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্ব
The tour group reaches one of the more higher level labs they will see. And while Ned would have probably frozen in shock about the whole thing in the past, He. Is. Bored. don't get him wrong, the lab is cool, but it's... actually one of the lower accessed labs he goes in.
"Tony look at me, I get turned into a giant rage monster when my heart beat elevates. You know how dangerous that is why the heck would he go for me. " Bruce says and left his cup on the table between them.
"I don't have the time for your mushy gushy feels trip. Are we planing a day for Peter or not?" Natasha interrupted.
Steve's heart melts as it usually does when Tony does something particularly adorable.... Which almost all times in his opinion. No matter what Nat and Bucky says.
Mr. Stewart looks like he actually made a point.
: wellllll….
"I don't want to alienate him. Even if we don't date, I value his friendship too much. " he says.
"Tony? Stark? oh my god! you've grown so much!" she went up to him and tried to hug him, her arms didn't go completely around him.
Mis Francine was a tall gorgeous blonde frenchwoman who practically embodies the country in itself.
She nearly bumped into Francine's back when the woman stopped,
See more
Clint was shooting what looked like rubber arrows at Loki while Sam somehow acquired a paint gun and decided to shoot at Loki too. Both of them looked suspiciously glittery. Loki was muttering spells and Clint and Sam kept slipping and falling.
The teens in question  nodded and got in the line for the pass scanning.
"Do I have to? Is Dad gonna be there?"
"You know he won’t. " Cindy tries.
"He could be doing some stuff he's not supposed to do?" Betty looked like she was actually about to rip out Eleanor's throat. Cindy would say it was because she has a crush the size of Jupiter on the boy, but Cindy kinda wants murder too. She just accused Ned of corporate espionage.
"Can I have a minute alone with him? You know, forties stuff."
"What do you mean by pretending to know Peter? he's practically a second brother to me! who the hell even are you any way?"
" inherited what?" Steve questions as he came out of the cockpit, probably relinquishing the copilot duties to Bucky.
"A positive or negative reaction would kinda help me not get a heart attack Tony. " he says feeling his heart in his throat.
: you cnat do tht to me wothout warning
Present time
Peter nodded again. "Right sure why not, It's my luck after all. " he says rubbing his eyes.
"We're not gonna hurt a kid Pete jeez!"
”She's from our class, and I kinda need to borrow her for a bit if It's ok?" Ned asks.
"Hello, what can I do for you?" Charlie asks.
"And I want to know why he brushed off a four year old making a Circuit board so easily, and since i'm pretty sure everyone else agrees with me, democracy wins" Clint throws Tony a sugary sweet smile.
@sudou Don't you have a job?
"Wade, calm down, remember your no kill streak? It's been six months, don't break it." Peter tried to calm his boyfriend down and sent a warning glare towards Flash to keep. His. Mouth. Shut.
Omg Harley It's been literal years, why?
Peggy noticed the miniscule flinch that came from Tony. A look around told her that the rest noticed it too.
: yeah ok
"Is there an intern in the SI who's still in high school?"
"The density in oba- uh, this dummy is the same as human flest so It's more or less accurate. Of course, nothing can actually stimulate the emergency of a field surgery, but this is the closest thing " he shrugged and stabbed the pen in Obadiah-mandarin-skull's chest.
"MJ? What'd she do?" Betty frowns when Mami just hands her a coppy of The Vogue,  she turns to the front page and then her eyes widens, "You're kidding me?"
×××××××××××××××××✗
"I can't give a speech, if dad's gonna be there, he can handle the speech thing right? I'll just hang around in the background." Peter said.
2. How tf do you know his boyfriend's @ but not his?
"He's been going on about his 'great' project Ever. Since. We. Got. Here. This. Morning. " MJ practically hissed.
Another would be they have privet jets.
"Well, I make all his suits the least he could do is be grateful and give me some kind of power."
"Why?"
He carefully took his phone to check Twitter, someone asked Rhodey a question that caught Peter's attention ,
Hel, Thor let the man ramble on for hours to watch the way his eyes light up when he's feeling passionate about the subject. Nevermind he didn't even understand what the man ever said.
"Everyone get to the corner near the door now!" he exclaimed but was unheard. The students bar Ned and MJ were all cowering against the wall farthest from the door that is where they would aim first.
"I'll have you know Ned most definitely is not a nobody. He's one of the smartest people in this building. Besides, do you think you can hack Tony? No? Well he did. So kindly refrain from talking to him like that." he was glaring Flash down and the boy practically shrunk under the gaze.
Wade smiled at him,
See more replies
: you can say it. They don't mind.
"Oh, come on! It could my own place! I'll rule the island! "
"You can't so that!" Flash protested, Tony raised an eyebrow, "I'm Tony Rogers-Stark. I do what I want."
If Howard didn't know exactly what he summoned he would never believe that the person in front of him was a demon.
: *my longest deep sigh ever.*
"like I said, an error." Cindy could practically hear Danny grit his teeth. And decides to intervene
: stop flexing your coherency around an avenger.
Tony raises an eyebrow ."you haven't told him yet?"
: if someone's smart enough to get an internship at SI, they shouldn't have to waste tome getting coffee or printing stuff or whatever. Their time should be used for more useful stuff.
: back to Wade!
"Isn't Mary a little too advanced to be the project of a science fair?" Tony asks as he lazyly observes Peter writing  cards about his Robot.
The spider sense flaired up again and Peter ducked just in time to avoid being hit by a chair. The chair hit the ground and clatteres loud enough to make him flinch.
Sexual tension.
Hoyl sgtv F.R.I.D.A.Y is so cool.
# Irondad
"I know you realise that he genuinely cares for Peter, and I know for a fact that you respect that." Tony merely grumbled.
"Young sir, the tour group you're supposed to meet is getting close."
"What I'm trying to say is, the two of you have been ridiculously in love for a very long time and I know that you'll continue to do that from now too, so a very big congratulations from me and the avengers dads." Peter finished while the rest of the room applauded and his fathers were grinning at him. they were happy so that's all that matters.
Wait are they talking about spider-man?
The judges widened their eyes simultaneously,
Ew no
"Hey, Alice , Fry said you needed an intern?"
"The WHAT?" he asks.
: so the two highest scoring classes in bio scored a Field Trip. And I'll tell you before if I can see one of Peter's ramblings about his boyfriend.
"Good girl, now run along, your friends are waiting." Eleanor didnt even waste a second to run.
"Uh.....excuse me?" she tried.
"I was hungry! And I desired the frozen treat. I do not believe it demerital to watch classics like the fault in our stars! T'was a heart wrenching masterpiece." he decidedly does not pout, again despite what his brother would say.
: you aren't having a fight with Tony  again right?
: ngl. They're adorable.
(Picture of Tony and Steve getting burgers and laughing they look happy)
He sees Bucky fall from the train and feels as close to remorse he could get, the other man would have done well in hell. He shrugged later, Bucky could still end up there. Besides, he had something to look forward to.
××××××××××××××××××✗
:and he's so kind you know. Because of how he looks and some stuff in his past people just assume he's just not capable of being good but that's not true. He is one of the kindest people i know. And he's, he's just been dealt such a terrible hand in life and anyone else would just not have a shred of decency in his spot but he's just so damn kind. He constantly puts himself in harms way for others.
"Shuri?! What are you doing here? "
: he's Pan actually. And I'm Bi.
@ A. PDragon I hate you so much right now.
Gotta admire the dedication.
: what did you do this time?
"BABY BOY!!" Wade jumps for him and tackles him into a hug. Tony, to his credit lowers the gauntlets when Peter gets in the hit zone and grumbles about sons with terrible choice in romantic partner.
Me @ spiderman when he came to the tower through a window  and just laid down on the floor : why are you lying on the floor?
So anyway it's Friday, he's sitting in the back of the bus heading to Stark tower and had to wake up at five o' fucking clock because the bus left at six and the teacher Mr.
Steve shook his head no and stood up raising the sketch book away from Tony when the shorter man reached for it. He wasn’t lying,  it wasn’t something dirty, It's just....  This is his Tony Sketchbook.  Sure there are other drawings of Tony  in other books, but this one es dedicated specifically focused on Tony and well, it'd look stalkerish if Tony saw it.
Betty nodded looking interested and staring at Ned a little wide eyed. Peter cuddled closer to Wade.
@ xoxo I want you to know You're an absolute gem, and very valid, and you just did god's work.
The tour of the group was halted by a man approaching,  he had brown hair and was slightly taller than Mr. Shuu. he had a charming grin on and stopped their tour guide to talk for a bit on the sidelines. The man came back after sending their tour guide somewhere.
I told that dumbass flashing the entire class was a bad idea.
see, Peter had every intention of not telling his family about the trip, but he can't lie,  it's not even a moral thing, he literally can't lie for shit.
Uh.... @ Potts?
HE IS NOT SELLING DRUGS!!!!! Jesus Christ,  he's  spiderman for heavens sake why would.....  Oh, the clothes!
Peter sighed, his father was the definition of Extra™ and he watched Yuri on Ice, he knows what Extra is.
"why didn't you tell us?" Flash demands. MJ scoffs, closes her book then promptly slaps Flash across the face.
ব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্বব্ব
Peter hoped that it wasn't something bad, they just had the baddie of the week the day before yesterday. (also he wouldn't want to miss a fight, a fight where he could fight with the earth's mightiest heroes -he can fanboy a little even if it is his family)
"Peter Parker to the administration office, Peter Parker to the administration office. "
"No Wade."
: fuck off
"Shut up and give me the goddamn watch!" the goon growls and the sound of a slap echoing the room had Peter grit his teeth.
"Mr. Tritter, stop, what are you doing? " she looked slightly panicked.
See more
"Close the portal."
Same.
®®®®®®®®®®©
ববববববববববববববববববববব
: may or may not have seen a certain princess about idk
Sometimes the little things in life brings joy to everyone around us.
: that sounds….
"So..... How did you guys.... You know....." Betty ventures.
Officer Francine Pennington looked scandalized at the very idea, and Peter got it, he really did. Regular people would probably be traumatised after being nearly kidnapped, he himself had to calm down a lot of people.
"Well, I was thinking about  sparring, I'll divide the groups when we get there. " Steve answered.  the rest of them nodded.
But you know who was an absolute traitor? Betty the traitorous Brant that's who.
Peter grimaced, it was going to be a loooooong talk
"You ok there kid? you usually talk my ear off by now."
When they were boarding the bus to leave, Ned couldn't keep a smile off his face, so maybe the trip wasn't so bad after all, besides his friends were there anyway, for however a small amount of time.
Everytime he hears Tony is in danger, or got injured in battle or even just threw himself at danger like the self sacrificing idiotic genius that he is Steve feels like there's a steel trap constricting his heart.
: and those texts are good morning texts sent at lunchtime?
Peter let out a breath before taking a hold of Mr. Yelli's hand yanking him forward and taking the gun from him. He fell to the ground face first.
"Insisted on the clothes."
"Listen man I know you're on a high right now, and have a lot of things to do, but I have to tell you something now."
"Wade, get them." Natasha doesn't even miss a beat.
"Wade, you can't  kill him."
Are we just gonna ignore that The Avengers know Tony Stark's intern and they think he's cute?
Peter stood between Flash and people that was sure to be his doom.
"Let me stop you right there, if you're talking about Peter then he's not just an intern." Clint ground out. He was about to add something but Flash cut him off.
"Ah, speak of ze devil! Betty, that is Fishlegs, one of ze senior interns in your department,  Fishlegs! I'm leaving her in your care. She's starting today. "
"No offence Eleanor,  but we haven’t really talked before, heck I barely know you." the boy was almost pushed against the wall.
"Ok, what's going on with you? you've been
It was all aunt Natasha and aunt Pepper's fault. Really, Peter has had his fair share of messing things up in his life and he is considered one of the troublemakers in the family (never mind that every single person in his family is a troublemaker in one way or another)
Sam, Natasha and Bucky collectively grimaces. They knew Tony was dense, but to this degree...... Yeah, Peter was right.
"You work at the Tower? " he asks coldly.
"Peggy?"
: at SI ?
Steve couldn’t breath. He could hear the rush of his blood  There was nothing but ruble before him. Even if there was someone in there, they wouldve- they wouldn’t-
"YOUR SON???"
"Hey, Peter,  thanks for stopping Tony. " Steve greeted.
Peter scowls at the mistake he found in the formula and moves his hand to fix the hologram.
See more
For now he is tired and Peter crashed as soon as his head hit the pillow.
"Yeah I've got a question for ya cutie are you single?" Jessie giggled from somewhere in front, now that he noticed all the girls had moved to the front while the boys were pushed to the back. His plot scenes began tingling,{ O_O } that was babyboy up front wasn't it? {How the-}
"Cool name. Now as you can tell from the name, this lab is usually saved for testing purposes.  So always safety first. You'll probably be moved grom here in a week or so, because this is mostly the training grownds. When you have your own projects you can trst them here. "
Garageboy @ potaotgun
Flash scoffed, "Don't act like you're so important penis, no one cares"
"A definite yes on the kiss. Please."
Also Peter's not interested.
Peter spoke up "that's actually my step dad"
"HOW THE FUCK DOES PENIS PARKER KNOW SO MANY AVENGERS?!?!"
"you knew that he was adopted by superheroes?"
"There's this kid 'ere,  goes everyday to the Avenger's Tower. Who's the kid" the man says sounding calm.
"Well, that's tragic because you can't keep those!"
Gremlin @ pigeon
"Awww that's cute you think we're not going to the principal's office to talk about this,  we'll see you when your classes are over underoos."
Ok, but why does this not mention that he punched one of the homophobes in the nose.
"And here we have an example of a supersoldier, his idea of a lazy day in has training in it." Tony snarked. Peter agreed.
"Hey, Tony. Pepper told me to remind you about the meeting in an hour." she said as a greeting.
"No buts, you're all great and I can't choose one to be better than the other." Peter said sternly, the three of them ignoring Peter's classmates and a snickering Ned.
He reached two names, one being dad with a wrench emoji and the other pops with the american flag he pressed to call the latter.
"Uhh, what's going on?" Alice asked. Mr. Collins sighed and stepped up, "I'm sorry miss Alice, is he bothering you? He's a student of mine, but he should'nt be here right now." He was about to turn to Peter with what was clearly about to be a whole year detention when Alice spoke up.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
The people in the room were staring at them as they were trying to figure out what was even going on.
"STAY THE FUCK OUT OF MY BUILDING DEADPOOL, JUST BECAUSE FURY LET YOU IN SHIELD DOESN'T MEAN YOU GET TO COME IN THE TOWER." Peter heard his dad scream from where he was running behind Wade with his gauntlets on to blast him.
"Oh his overseas trip with Tony Rogers-Stark? Give it a rest, no one will believe you and we'll see you're lying when we reach there anyway. " Flash walked away.
Peter made an offended noise,
: she took my phone to send that
Tony's head tilted,
"You're diabolical. " he decides to say.
"And you have a mega crush on my girl."
Peter wasn't really that surprised when the school announced that their annual parents day and science fair was being merged this year. It had happened before, nothing new. What he was surprised about however, was when he heard the announcement that it was being hosted by Stark industries
(he may or may not have heard his dad mutter something about being naturally cute and likable and how it's unfair)
"Oh, and Howard, when I meet you in hell. It might not be fun for you." he says and turns then walks out.
Peter literally saw both of his father's faces darken, all he could do was watch an both IronMan and Captain America turned to Flash and glare at him. The boy in question gulped, Peter looked towards Wade for help but the other boy seemed to be enjoying the whole thing like one of his favourite dramas.
"you two need to bang, or kiss or whatever just get rid this stupid ust! I'm getting suffocated" he pointed at Steve and Tony.
"uh, yeah, I had this exact conversation before with all my family."
From the texts Ned got in the past four days, Peter has been attending galas charity events and board meetings under the guise of the heir of SI who will be made public in a few months.
"Yeah I gave him the Phone, and his aunts- " Tony pointed at Natasha who waved frowning
"You really are pathetic. " Bucky adds helpfully as he reloads his gun taking a break from shooting the many moving and timed targets in a simulation.
Kid you need to stop trying to teach him all the memes at once, he gets confused.
"Hey, guys, Let's not get into that right now. " he tries to break the fight. But is ignored.
Peter sighed
He doesn’t have a card and neither does Ned or MJ. He huffs, figures they wouldn’t. He idly wonders if it was his Aunt Pepper or his Dad behind this perticular incident.
"Wow, Eleanor, if you project anymore, you might be able to become a full time projector and help making presentations. And do you know what lesbian means? Come on spell it with me, L - E -S -"
"Jesus Christ Flash, keep your voice down do you want to get killed?" Betty hissed out. Keeping an eye out towards the direction Wade went to make sure the other boy did not come back for Flash's head while Cindy clamped a hand on his mouth and glared Eleanor down to say something.
"Does she have like.... Parents or something shouldn’t they care what she is doing?"
His class stared back at him, with Ned and MJ clutching their stomachs from laughing too hard. Flash had his mouth open, and so did Mr. Collins. He looked towards Alice to see her giving him questioning glances.
: shit is right since she just shredded the whole thing.
Thor and Steve have a thing.
"You did see the picture of the guy I like. I'll tell you about him, he's got brown hair, his eyes are beautiful.  He's a genius, has a lot of ghosts in his past, yet he fights through them everyday.
"Hey, hey, Parker  are you gonna join the fair?  I'm donna dessimate whatever your project is. " Flash gleefully informed him before shoving him against a locker.
*A video of different clips of steve taken from various news and pictures with the music of I need a hero*
"First off, Don't go in that direction dad, I'm not gonna listen to how hot he is. ew.
Tony snatched the sketchbook and took a hurried peak before Steve stole it back.
"Here's an idea, How about we have a family night? we'll get up late, get the training done, then just.... hang out, all of us. " Steve proposed.
God truely is a woman
What?! He's busy with his codings ok?
His pops peels his eyes from the tablet he was reading,
:this is just…. Wait.
Unfortunately,  Ms. Lanister noticed,  "Peter pay attention,  you may get the perfect A 's but you need to work to maintain it"
Good morning everyone! Let's get this bread!
Lmao these interactions are gold.
The scene was made even weird since none of them were in uniform, in fact one would say they were in such a hurry they couldn’t change any clothes from what they were wearing at home.
"Wade!" Peter exclaimed joyfully.
°Flash gets thrown halfway accross the mat by Natasha°
Excuse me @ god how the heck are we supposed to handle that?
"Hey Mami,  can I borrow this, I'm just gonnna show this to Cindy "
After all, It's not new to have his husband kidnapped. They've practically all been kidnapped at one point or another in their line of work. If anyone other than those who know him well were to look at him, they'd see him keeping his calm and being a good soldier.
"Midtown- er - Midtown high, Mr. Rogers-Stark, It's an honour to see you all in person." Mr. Leroy practically falls over himself.
I would if I wasn’t like super insecure and ugly lmao
Ok, but was he listening in? How did he know to come in and body tackle him like that.
"No Wade come on, we're on a tour" Peter sent a pleading look at Sara who took the hint and began hearing them all towards lab 53.
: I didn't know he was coming back!!!
See more
Currently his biggest regret is mostly a jumble of thing,
Steve shrugged "best three out of five?"
"Boss has left the lab approximately one hour ago to get refreshments.  He left the tower forty-five minutes ago " Steve pauses as his heart speeds up.
"Uh, Deadpool!  What are you doing here?!" Eleanor asks nervously and looks around where she is there are a few employees miling about, but her class is standing a little too far, and nobody seemed to realised the mercenary was there.
"No there isn't, but–" Flash didn't let Tony continue
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
Spiderman : I have depression
'wonder how he convinced him' and nope nope nope nada he does not need to think about how his Dad convinced his Pops to do ANYTHING thank you very much. Damn his super hearing.
"This is a joke right?"
"If you're asking what Tony's sexuality is, you should ask Tony." she says still not winded. It sometimes makes Steve wonder if the Red Room really didn’t enhance her in any way.
"Is this about the field trip?"
Peter, however was violently reminded that Flash was going in the tower, which means that if any of the avengers get news of him doing anything remotely wrong, they're gonna be there, which is bad news for Flash, and the person at the PR who thought they could withhold worrying about the news of Peter's adoption till next month
: you could have asked me or Flash?
Tony cringes, "I'm guessing you weren't reading Shakespeare?"
: I made a Mistake™
Steve doesn’t say anything, but he tenses slightly less.
Cindy looked at Eleanor to see the girl look dazed,  like she had no idea what happened.  It was.... Probably the first time she was rejected.  Cindy shrugged to herself when she left. There's a first time for everything
"I'm sure he did"
"Flash you do realize that no one but you actually cares about whether Peter's internship is real or not right?" Mj raised an eyebrow. Flash sputtered and then decided he's content with glaring at Peter for now.
Alice narrowed her eyes at Mr. Collins, "you know what Peter, Maybe you shouldn't lead this tour..." But Peter cut her off,
"It is our business when our kid is being bullied." Rhody input with a vicious, glare.
"Hey there! Welcome to the testing lab, I'll show you around here. " the man smiled.
Everyone was sitting down to gather their breath except for Flash because he likes to think he's macho or something.
"Shuri you don't mind waiting for a minute right?" Steve asked with his all American sweet and charming facade on.
: I'm calling an intervention
up yellow.
Wh- why did Deadpool just walk in the tour, make out with Peter and leave?
Cons: Peter looks
"come on kid, I'm sure you know all that is to know about the building, you can skip this."
Peter laughed quietly.
"Boss, young sir seems to be in distress." Friday cut off whatever Bucky was about to say.
Peter Parker  could never. @ parkour.
But anyway ever since Peter said that he has an internship to SI, and Flash shot him down, no one actually believed the boy. It wouldn’t matter much if it was just that, but Flash has made it his personal mission to bother the other boy he even has his friends in on it.
"k-kid -ha ha - good luck -ha- good luck on that one, do you need me to sign something? "
"No, dude, I'm out, I'm not just gonna stand here waiting for Deadpool to come and beat my ass" Bob says and tries to walk out.  Peter hears a faind murmur of "deadpool??! Behind him, but chooses to ignore it.
: holy shit.
"Holy shit" she said flipping through the articles.
"What?" " Excuse me?"
"Peter, it appeares that one of our interns has become injured and Alice in desperate need of one, could you please help out?"
Clint whistled, "How many hours did you get this week?" his fatherly side peeking in.
As for the clearance badges… Well, here's the thing; he does have a card. He
: alright.
("just wanted to remind you cause i have to.... Because reasons, you married that guy")
They snap out of their glaring contest with the door opening,
Shuri wanted to come with them, but Peter waved her off, claiming that he was fine........
"How did you even get these?" Brunnhilde says as she flips through the pictures Loki send her.
He was laughing so hard he started crying by the end.
Peter wasn't paying attention, if he had been, his eyes would be wide as sausers. As it is, he was pulled to attention from Wade's absurd amount of emojis by two voices laughing. Peter looked up, and now his eyes /were/ wide as sausers.
Emjay @fuckcapitalism
"That's cause I'm used to these things"
(" the key to dealing with Tony " Pepper says in between eating her lunch, pointing her spoon at the man mentioned.
"The hydra agent?" his voice came slightly squeaky.
The bell rang and Peter hurried out of the door. He did not want to be the target of insistent questions from his classmates, It appears that he wasn't fast enough however,
"Oh, ha ha ha, oh my god your face! Pfffft hows it going in traitor land Bets?" Cindy maneged to get out between her gafaws.
Peter used puppy eyes. and Tony was gone.
Ok, I know there's an entire situation with Stony, but did anyone else notice the smile Dr. Banner was giving Thor, that was literally the cutest thing ever.
"No you don't. She knows you don't."
The class window Isn't really anything like some of the floor to ceiling ones at the Tower,  as a result the Iron Man suit had to tilt a little to get in, but Friday angled the suit so the walls were spared.
Hell with Barton always finishing his donuts.  Not even the Supersoldiers or Peter or Thor did that. And Tony walked back to the tower while making sure Pepper gets the message that he would in no way be able to make it to the next meeting and planing what prank he could play on Clint.
"We're having a tour from midtown high your highness." Sara supplied helpfully.
" when was the last time you made a web formula in your chem class? Or made a contraption to contain and shoot them by yourself? That's what I  thought, never insult Peter ever again.  "
"Yeah, jeez kid you've been hanging out with widow too much, what's with the interrogating?"
*a video of Tony losing his shit for a solid three minutes*
But he is however anxious.
"Uh, totally" Betty agrees faintly
They loaded on the bus, even though Mr. Warren told them, where they were going, they could have walked also. Peter thanked Mr. Warren's common sense for having the fore sight of actually taking the bus instead of letting the kids walk.
Flash spoke up before Eleanor could say anything , "YEAH! ELEANOR'S RIGHT! THERE’S NO WAY PENIS PARKER CAN GET AN INTERNSHIP HERE ON HIS OWN."
"Let's talk about that later, what have you kids been hiding from me?" he asks.
." The demon was crooning.
Buzzfeed continuees to not give the full picture,  he didn’t just ask the lady to stop flirting with dad, he made out with him infront of god and everyone.
Peggy nodded sagely, "he was, come on now, Captain , places to be."
"O-of course Mr. Rogers-Stark, there will be no more misunderstandings about the adoption at all." the man answered careful to get the name right after not so gently being reminded that it is Rogers-Stark and not Rogers in the beginning of the meeting.
: basic
"Yeah Peg, it's really a long story, but we are from that far in the future."
# iron dad ?
"Why are you putting up with this Peter,?"
"Do not ever, even /try/ to bully Peter again" Natasha growled.
"No, no they're settling in just fine the People here are friendly, actually they just had a communal ABBA dance just yesterday." Thor nods as Bruce and loki grimaces.
Tony shrugged,
"Kids remember to behave. You're going to the technological capital of America and misbehaviour won't be excused." Mr. Leroy called out.
She looked around to see if anyone else had noticed. To her dismay, Eleanor had.
What? I'm doing the right thing by making note of Parker's identity theft.
"So at Stark industries, we also put an emphasis on the employees health. As it is, there are three different gyms in the levels one through 80. There are, of course more advanced gyms in the higher levels, but those are equipped for superhumans and S.H.I.E.L.D agents.-"
: I thought you loved me
"Wait...... Are you,  flirting with me?" he asks sounding more surprised than he should have been based on what Betty and Cindy heard.
Pepper walked in holding her coffee in one hand and her phone in the other looking every bit the business queen she is.
"well, for starters, we came from the year 2018" the man next to the blue eyed blond says. he stood up and offered Peggy a hand to shake. She looked back and forth between the man and Steve.
: Ditto.
Can't believe @ perky hacked the AI.
Steve was biting his lips to keep from laughing. Tony turned towards him when Peter left the room with Wade in tow.
By the time they reached the tower, they were all beat, Peter was glad to hear Shuri would be paying a visit to check out the scorpions. He missed his science buddy.
Peter Rogers-Stark had a lot of regrets in life, for a teenager, and for a super hero. Those regrets constitutes from not being able to be the best, to that one taco he had a few days ago. (Man he should not have let /someone/ talk him into eating that taco)
"And the amount of ogling the two of you did was obscene, and weird that neither of you noticed."
"You're gonna pay for that Fatass, and your liar buddy isn't here to save you."
So that's the fckr
"Well, you have my blessings Steve, I  know I knew you first, but Tony......  Is my nephew,  even though I'm at odds with his father right now. "
Tony squinted at him and it took all his self control not to lean back and hide his sketchbook or to kiss that stupid genius mouth of his.
Why. Are. They.  So. Stupid
"How about after the tour? It'll be an hour at most, and don't you have stuff to so with uncle Bruce?" He could tell everyone was gaping at him. Well, whatever, they can make their own assumptions, so long as they don't figure out who Spiderman is he's good.
°picture of the avengers hanging out Steve and Tony lovingly staring at each other's eyes°
"You finished all the icecream in the freezing room thrice. A freezer that is as big as a normal closet might I add, while watching all the romance movies. And Bruce has only been gone a month. You're pining." Natasha says deadpan and finishing up the top coat in his hand, he had yellow lightning bolts over a blue background in all his nails.
"Is he still going on with the intern thing? I thought Pepper cleared that out?" Steve asked looking at his husband.
The rest of the class watched them retreat and then turned to Ned and MJ.
Uh..... About that......
Tony turned towards the teacher, "uh, yo, teacher person over there, I'm just gonna take my son and go since your tour is over in a while, FRIDAY'll get you another tour guide if you need it." That being said, Tony walked to Peter grabbed him, turned to Wade, "you get one point for the katana in the ass thing" and walked out the door with Steve and an extremely gleefull Wade in tow.
: so he called the school this morning and heard peter had no paperwork filed and investigated that.
"Excuse me, " the other man said,
"Him. He's a he. I like guys too, I  thought you knew?" he says to Tony's gobsmacked face.
Blease
:are you guys gonna…
"Hannah? I'm gonna need your report on the degradable batteries by tomorrow. "
He has regular teenager problems, then there are superhero problems, and of course problems like Flash Thompson and the fact the his dad drop kicked his boyfriend from a 90 story building the first time he introduced them.
Bucky laughed his butt off and Nat had to stop the treadmill to laugh.
Peter thought about that for a minute, realized what the fallout to that would be and immediately shook his head
What is a good responce to being stabbed?
"Yes, it seems Peter was seen talking to someone...... Unsightly this morning,  and speculations came up." Mr. Stewart says.
see more replies
: she recognized Peter and just let him in?
Betty never wants to leave SI.
"Sorry Uncle Thor, but you're kinda really gone on uncle Bruce" Peter input looking earnest.
Tony:
"So anyway I get in, and it feels a little weird but I still get in the backseat with this other guy and he's pretty big and muscly too and so is the driver. So this guy gets in and I can't see any of the road and I figured that something was wrong-"
"Petypie, why can't I shove one of my katanas up his ass and-" Wade was cut off by Steve, "Did you just call my son worthless?" There was a reason why people get scared of Steve Rogers, and Peter was sure Flash was about to find out. The glare Flash was getting could possibly melt steel.
"It's fine Ms. Lanister I'm just worried about the windows. " Peter says grimacing.
"Are you saying that you've been hitting babyboy? because it sounds an awful lot like that." Wade had a Katana in a hand, If he wasn't hugging Peter from behind, Peter was sure he'd get to know what minced Flash looked like by now.
OMG Harley.
"Of course, anything you want babyboy"
: cool.
Flash stumbles forward. Peter could see him trembling.
You still pretending It's not you Peter ?
: can you guys come to my room?
"Peter? What's wrong? You're supposed to be at school " a very familiar voice rang out.
: Peter's not single tho?
They deserved it and I was glad to do it.
"Mr. Stark, can I ask you a question?"
Steve laughed and pulled Tony in for a kiss again.
"That’s Flash's dad. I think he was about to kick him out because he came out."
"Actually, gather Ned and Wade, you're coming with me right now."
"It's nothing pops, don't worry about it."
When he went to school the next day he realised that he underestimated exactly how worn and old his old clothes were..... That and how different they were from designer clothes.
The Avengers are holding a press conference tomorrow at ten. We have been informed that is of extreme importance.
: yeah way.
Peter seemingly finally took in the surrounding people and his eyes grew wider.
: *gasp* is he blushing cause he sent something dirty?
"No Tony!"
"Additionally, you get a pseudo step son if you ever do get together with Bruce." Steve pointed out and smirked at him.
: Buddy?
Beautifully put.
"Also you have been seen to go from school in a black expensive car that has tinted windows for a while"
"Some things just has to be said" then she threw a glare at Peter to assure him he crush on Shuri did not fall in that category.
"Ned has most definitely shown capability when it comes to coding, and I like working with him, so why not?" he shrugged.
"Better than it could have been really." Peter shrugged.
"nope! You're home early though, are you sick again?! Does it hurt? Don't lie to me babyboy." The mercenary rambled.
"Ok, to be absolutely fair, Pepper was considering your school simply based on merits I just bumped it up."
Steve shrugged, "I suppose that's a good reason. He doesn't know how powerful his puppy eyes are."
Anyway, he missed the last weekend at the tower for a mission and was missing his babyboy like some people miss an arm or a leg. Not that he would know what that feels like, but the point still stands. Luckily the field trip's the next day. A Friday. So if he asks really nicely he could probably spend the night. He wonders if he can bribe his father in law with pancakes.
"How did you know I'm Eleanor?" she yelps, she distinctly remember him not knowing and Cindy and Betty not telling him.
Ned doesn't really know what role he has in the SI. The official term is something close to paid intern. The unofficial term is more "Peter's best friend who makes codes with Tony and Peter for the suits sometimes, and helps other interns the other times."
"Ok?"
"Well, those of you who don't know would get a nice surprise wouldn't they?" The man said good naturedly and the class grumbled about secretive parents.
: no?
:uh… eh maybe later?
"Really guys?" Peter questioned. Because what else did you do when your aunt and uncles and older sister figure decides to embarrass you. "Pete!" Rhody exclaimed as though they weren't waiting for them to get there. Wade snorts.
: nothing. Nothing.
Betty ignored the shocked faces of their class mates and threw a shit eating grin her way before launching into her usual tirade for the tours that come in the SI.
Their tour guide (he doesn't remember her name) stopped Mr. Tritter though.
: probably cause he's made up.
"But why Am I mom??!" Tony whined.
"Well, by the power vested in me by the king of Wakanda, I overrule you." a girl their age says from the side petting the mechanical spider that Mr. Tritter threw a while ago.
"Of course sir, anything else?"
"Uh- um m-my name is Eugene sir."
: the unfortunate lack of non-binary pals
I love my girlfriend sm.
: or worse, reengaged your three year plan?
No guards at all, none on the roof, none near the gate,  no guards at all. That made warning bells ring in his head. If he were thinking logically, he would have stopped, maybe slowed down, looked for a trap. As it were Steve's only goal was to reach his husband.
Just that moment, the doors opened again and in came two boys one on the back of the other.
"WHAT!?!" It wasn't just Flash this time everyone except Ned and MJ, heck even Mr. Leroy exclaimed out.
Wade looked indecisive.
It's probably gonna destroy my reputation as a stone cold bitch, but idgaf.  I have met @ S Industries in person only once, but if anything happened to him, I will kill everyone in the world and then myself.
His classmates notice that people are smiling at peter though, and their whispers and mumbling does absolutely nothing to soothe  his upcoming headache.
Fight me you little-
"I guess... if Peter has no problems. "
!!!!!!!!Shuri!!!!!
Mr. Leroy walks in the class and starts teaching about basic coding, which might have been a little bit interesting if he wasn't good enough to hack Tony Rogers-Stark's tech (some might call him petty, bit he's really really proud of accomplishing that.)
: eh it's probably nothing.
He squinted and, oh,
They were trying to break the door.
: lol no.
I think I need to sit down
"Eugene Thompson, visitor" FRIDAY's bored voice rang through a speaker. The rest of the line went smoothly... Until it got to Ned that is,
"How do you know him loser? Don't say now that you have an internship here too?" Flash mocked, and he didn't notice their tour guide's eyes flash darkly. The man recovered quickly enough.
"Hey, Pete, you wake up late when left to your own devices."
#######
"Bet you thought about it, since you lie about knowing people anyway" Flash was very unsubtly taking a dig at his "internship" (OK, fine he's not an intern. he's in training to take over his dad's job, which is a a lot level higher than an intern but Flash doesn't need to know that)
"You told aunt Pepper about Flash?!" Peter yelps. He thought she was the only family member who didn't know.
And then his eyes lit up.
"As, Friday just said before I'm here to talk on behalf of d-er To-um Mr. Rogers-Stark. " Peter stumbled. "
He doesn’t have a picture in his account, but he's a student in America,  he seems nice.
"Yeah, FRY, listen, could you do me a favour and not tell anyone I'm here?" Peter added the last part in a hushed tone to keep his classmates from listening.
"Hey, pops, I'll just.....  go to my room..." he grabbed Wade and was about to walk out when he was stopped.
"You did that on purpose. " Bruce glared. Normally getting glared at by the man who turnes into a giant green rage monster scares people. Unfortunately Tony Stark has never been normal. So, He doesn't even flinch.
"..... Oh" Mr. Stewart looked uncomfortable.
Bruce shrugs, " I'm gonna be at Thor's. Make yourself at home after dinner"
Cindy’s eyes widened as she took in Ned Leeds
"Hey, penis, think we're gonna meet your old pal? maybe we'll even meet the Avengers, then I can prove to everyone what a liar you are." Flash laughed.
Peter wasn't really surprised when Mr. Collins didn't accept his permission slip on Thursday .
Steve looked at the screen.
"I- I don't have a child." he nearly slapped himself for stuttering.
"It’s ok, you never had a chance anyway " Cindy pats her back.
"'Eugene Flash Thompson' not that bright a kid, it's not a big loss that he won't get in any good college, or get a good job"
"You do realize acting like your emotionless public image in the tower fools absolutely no one right? "
Peter could hear everyone squeak out a "SON?!?!" Before Tony spoke up, "you know what kid? Could you get out of the building please? Just get out, we'll have a talk with your principal tomorrow, just get out of my building now." Peter looked at Mr. Warren, the man seemed to want to protest, but, really, what do you say against Ironman and Captain America? Flash -who for once seemed to get survival instinct- bolted out of the door.
In the end Bucky won. He and Steve joined the others while Bucky was muttering pointers for Steve, and Steve listening attentively.
"Well, considering I'm taking care of the people you are the king of and this concerns everyone in the room, maybe It would go better if you didn't complain and finish this quickly so that Bruce gets his rest"
×××××××××××××××××××✗
Everyone nodded. That was given for everyone.
"why does this happen to me?" He mumbled.
"I thought you were smart Michele, why do you still believe his lies?"
The man shrugged,
♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪Π
Wait so.... That's five of the avengers out and four of them are bi, anyone else want to come out and get it over with?
: I'm really sorry about worrying you.
"No disrespect Captain,  but what are you doing here?"
Really he was greatful for the peace and quiet.
Peter sighed, "Guys, come on, can we not do this right now? I kinda have to lead the tour now that Sara had to be pulled away, and it's getting kinda overwhelming." Never let it be said that Peter Parker had ineffective puppy eyes.
"What do you plan to do if you don't tell her Ned? " she asks amused.
"Sure, go ahead,  I've got the lab. "
©©©©©©©©©©
She has a little bit of a vendetta against his star it looks like. Some of the reports she wrote really pissed Steve off.
Moonmoon
Captain America went off
Ned frowned, "what?"
"Listen here you little,-" before he got to know what exactly it is that he's supposed to be listening to,  Mr. Thompson is cut off by a multitude of gasps. He looks towards where he sees Abe point to see his fathers arrive.
"Heeeey underoos! How was class?" he asks with a jovial tone that challenges Thor's.
************************
MmmmmmwacchaJ
"Ok then uh you can walk right through Mr..... Ned." she says stumbling at his name. Ned understands why Tony was so insistent on Peter calling him Tony before the adoption.
×××××××××××××××××××✗
Bless
"As a concerned parent, and as the person who pays a lot for the school fund, you'll find that I will in fact do that." Tony bit out.
"Yes exactly like that"
"Woah, there, d- uh, Tony! Let's calm down and thi-..." He never got to finish his speech, because Flash apparently thought Tony would stop Deadpool from killing him, ( he probably would, to kill him himself)
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING OVER THERE PENIS?" Flash hollers. Peter rolls his eyes. And makes his way towards the rest of the class.
: he's really fun to work with!
He did have to stop halfway however, abruptly at that, when the whole warehouse exploded into a million goddamn pieces.
: currently? In Alaska.
"Howard, the situation might be a little more complicated than that."
Steve doesn't think much when he crashes the Valkyrie in the Arctic. He could have just ejected, but he was bored with the Humans. The Howling commandoes can only entertain him for so long without Bucky there.
"WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU JUST SAY TO HIM YOU PIECE OF ASS SHIT? HAVE YOU BEEN BULLYING HIM?" Deadpool yelled out, Flash getting paler every step he took closer to him.
"We came to talk to him Tony and maybe getting him in a safe environment would help improve his behaviour. " his pops sighed.
"I kinda can, just one shove with a katana and-"
If you find him tell him he needs to be back, he has another worksheet due.
"Of course you can kid, you need a nap anyway. " Peter left.
It's fine. He's fine.
♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪♪Π
"Me?" his voice came a little strangled.
She shook her head and looked around, nearly all her her classmated looked ready for death. Well thats what happens after marathons in a school of nerds.
: calm down!!!!
Due to personal reasons I'll be yeeting myself out the top floor good bye twitter.
You bet he did. He's still ranting about it IRL
"There is nothing to spill. Thor and I are friends." Bruce defended.
"Well it is a laughable claim seeing as you are-"
"The girl with her?"
"Peter, man, you know you can ask for help anytime right?"
Friday lets them in with minimal fanfare. Peter relaxes a little then frowns. He knows there is going some kind of drama going on, and if it isn’t now he wonders when they would show up.
I knew she was being fishy.
Ned and Peter both felt awkward when the other interns, or in some cases employees act like they need to be shown that they're respected. MJ took to it well enough, but even after a year Ned still gets antsy if people talk to him like he's a boss.
হহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহহ
" BABYBOY! How are you this fine morning? Do you like pancakes? Do you want something else?I'm on kitchen duty today, whatever you want, you're going to get." Deadpool rambled.
So the cop car saw that horn for a really long time thing and he still didn’t really have his balance so the car was moving pretty whack. the police car followed the van and blew the sirens the dude tried to hit the gas but I found the spray thing and sprayed him in the face.
"What the Fuck did you just say to him you piece of shit?" Clint Barton stepped towards Flash, Peter had just enough time to stand between the two of them.
The bell rings to signal the end of gym and Cindy feels like just laying on the ground and just..... Never move again.
"Or you could listen to reason like a normal friggin person" Bucky said and walked back to the target range.
Peter smiles, "Help would be great"
Ned spared his best friend A glance, Peter had his face buried in his hand. Wade was hugging him from behind. To stop him from interference or for moral support, Ned had no clue.
"Riiiiight, so, what happened? "
Yeah It's very tragic.
2. Taking the permission slip for the field trip
Pro: Peter cuddles *cough coddles cough* him more
StarkIndustries official @SI
"We're training." Bucky shrugged nonchalantly.
Betty and her made eye contact from where she was reading over her shoulder  (she knew Cindy talked to MJ, she just didn’t need to know it was to get her and Ned together)
"Which is to say you didn't break in?"
