Beaming as she gave his hand one last squeeze, Kelly turned on her heels and walked away, presumably to return to her own heaven. Castiel simply watched her back until she disappeared from his sight.
Shoving more cereal into his mouth, Dean couldn’t meet Sam’s eyes but he just knew his brother was judging him.
They made it to the carpool spot and Jack looked around for the Impala. It was strange. Dean’s car usually stuck out like a sore thumb amongst the other cars but, right now, Jack couldn’t find it.
That stirred Dean’s curiosity. Was Raphael not on good terms with Jack or something? But, Jack didn’t seem bothered by the mention of Raphael. More amused. On any other day, Dean would pry and make someone talk and give answers to his questions. But, not that day. There were other matters at hand.
Sam startled at that. Dean wanted to melt into the floor to avoid the rest of this conversation. Instead, he got up and walked back to the counter where he left the pasta. He opened the box before scavenging around the cabinets for a pot.
The countless hours of going through every single book and scroll in the Men of Letters library for any information on the Empty. There was zero.
But, truth be told, he’s scared. There’s so much he still wants to do. So many monsters to slay. Places to see. New pie flavors he’s yet to try.
“I guess that’s baby Sam’s way of saying I should hurry it up,” joked Sam before clearing his throat. “So… Happy Thanksgiving everyone. I hope we all have a good rest of our year.”
He followed Sam and Eileen to the library while Dean went to get Jack. They made small talk, mostly Eileen telling Castiel about what she had been up to and him giving her a fast and short version of what happened to him and Heaven.
Despite his doubt that things would work out for the best, Sam was glad that they could put this behind them and move forward.
There was some shuffling, Castiel’s soft cooing voice, and then Miracle barking. Dean had to pull his phone away from his ear at the sharp sound.
But, he had sworn to Kelly that he would raise and protect her baby. He vowed to become the baby’s father. Yet, he died. And, even when he returned, he kept making mistakes with Jack. Over and over and over again.
He joined the Robotics club because the teacher was hot and he had a crush on her. Go big or go home, right? He didn’t think he would actually like it. And he learned from the other kids. But, it wasn’t like it lasted long. After a month, Dad came back and they had to take off again.
With an anxious heart but doing his best not to show it, Castiel relayed everything that happened since he left.
Sam broke off, taking a sip of his beer and avoiding looking at Dean, as if he was afraid of the answer.
Castiel wasn’t sure if she was referring to her own boy as Sam while Castiel’s was Jack or if all three of them waiting in the bunker were their boys. Dean certainly wasn’t his (no matter what his traitorous desires often wish). But, he chose not to ask her to clarify.
“Really? ‘Cause you haven’t really checked in much last year. It was always Sam who answered the phone. And he told us about Cas and Jack being back. Even after that, you didn't really talk to us unless we needed information on a case. And, then, all of a sudden, you’re inviting us over for Thanksgiving. It’s a little jarring, dude. Like, what gives?”
Dean might not be saying much about it but Sam knew he was worried. His brother kept shooting Jack these long, contemplative looks and asking him if he was sure almost every hour. Sam, himself, was a little apprehensive about what they were about to do. It could either go without a hitch or end up with very drastic results.
“Lie back down, you shouldn’t try to get up yet. The doctor said you lost a lot of blood. And it’s a miracle you pulled through.”
Maneuvering through the crowd wasn’t easy. Students popped out of nowhere, making Jack jump back and bump into people. His sensitive hearing picked out squeals and shrieks as well as the squeaks of shoes against the linoleum floor.
For a moment, Dean was taken back to a cherished memory. Of sitting on a lumpy couch at a random boutique, “Walking On Sunshine” playing through the speakers of an iPhone. And an excited innocent smile greeting him after every sweep of the fitting room curtains, posing and showing off. The cute pout when he turned off the music and the insistence of getting her “montage.”
Dean flicked the last of the water away before wiping his hands on a rag. “Okay. I’ll walk Miracle while you’re out.”
.. Castiel felt himself release a breath as Jack chattered on and on during the ride back to the bunker.
Castiel felt his own brow furrow and his head tilt to the side. “Don’t you want to go home? Your mother has been worried, Jack.”
So that was how Dean found himself driving up I-25, Metallica playing from the deck and his brother recounting the details of the case in the passenger seat. It felt oddly empty without anyone sitting in the back. Dean caught himself looking into the rearview mirror a few times, expecting to see Castiel looking out the window with a peaceful look and Jack reading or playing on his phone.
Sometimes, Dean watched the scene from the outside looking in, watching his dream self break down on the dungeon floor. Other times, he was in that moment, tongue-tied and unable to do anything or stop the inevitable.
“I… I’m sorry to hear that, Jack,” was all Sam could manage. “But... you know… things are still new. They’re probably still getting used to it. They’ll come around, I’m sure.”
“The renovations are doing well,” he began. “The souls seem to have gotten used to the new way of things so they’ve been venturing out more and more to seek out their friends and families. Some areas of Heaven still need some creative building but the angel Anna is doing a good job leading the team for that.”
His brother walked over to his bed and plopped down at the end so Sam took the empty chair by his desk. The desk, itself, was messy with all sorts of papers. Pretty official-looking with logos and everything. Before Sam could take a closer look at them, Dean spoke.
. They had started buying it after Jack pointed it out at the store a couple of years ago, delighted by bear on the box and alliteration of the name. Sam only agreed to buy it if Jack promised to eat it in moderation.
Instead, Dean followed Jack to the register. He was already at the front, his purchases being run by the teenage boy at the counter. It appeared that they knew each other because the other kid was talking and Jack was nodding along and smiling with familiarity.
Castiel had told him the story of Jimmy and Claire before. The story was tragic in many different ways and it made Jack’s heart hurt hearing it. Once, he visited the Novaks’ Heaven. He didn’t speak with them but he could see that they were good people with pure souls.
The Men of Letters had a vast collection of books on almost every subject – math, science, history, philosophy, mythology, religion, the supernatural, etc. Anything you could think of to increase your knowledge. But, what they did lack was enjoyable fiction.
Mr. Turner sighed. “Go over your lines one more time. Jack, take a break, you did great.” Then, to the other students sitting and chatting in the audience, he said, “Let’s move on to the Hanukkah skit!”
Sam felt his throat constrict and he wished he had some water in hand. Thankfully, Dean took the reins.
“I almost killed you, man. I played into Chuck’s games and I almost killed you.” His throat was tightening again and tears came unbidden to his eyes that he quickly wiped away. “You’re our kid… and I almost killed you.”
Castiel must have noticed his look because he smiled in a reassuring way. “I won’t die tomorrow, Dean. Don’t worry. The angels have all begun to value their second chance at life. With Jack leading us, we can make things right again, both in Heaven and here on Earth.”
Castiel nodded. “Me neither, Dean. But, it’s happened now. And all we can do is try to support him.”
Meanwhile, Kaia looked amused, looking from one to the other. “Hey, so, we saw a frozen yogurt place a few blocks away. We probably don’t have to head back to the bunker just yet. So, you wanna go? I kinda owe you for, you know, saving my life a bunch of times?”
Their dog, Miracle, raised her head from her own breakfast to bounce up to him with a happy bark. He ran a hand through her fur, fondly scratching her favorite spots. Her tail wagged even faster in delight. She was getting on in years but was still the same beautiful and affectionate dog she was when Dean first found her.
As a young man in his 20’s, Dean was careful to not let his mind stray to those possibilities when it came to other men. The early 2000’s wasn’t exactly the friendliest to folks who were… different. You were ostracized, turned into a joke, and if you were a man, your masculinity was questioned.
Castiel flashed him a sweet smile before making his way out of the kitchen. Dean’s eyes followed until he disappeared around the doorway.
Castiel angled his head just right, with the sun behind him creating a halo effect, truly giving him an angelic visage and Dean… Dean was mesmerized. With the way the blue in Castiel’s eyes sparkled. The way the crow’s feet around them spoke of age and experience. The way his nose twitched with excitement at whatever the lady was telling him. The smile that graced his lips.
So he ate, made merry, and enjoyed himself that Thanksgiving day, surrounded by the people he loved and treasured.
The angel’s lip twitched. “As I was saying, Jack and Rowena made a deal with the Empty. Hell, as it turns out, was having its own issues. Rowena didn’t have enough demons to run her… soirees.” Castiel made a face at that. “And she couldn’t ensure the complete loyalty of the ones remaining, seeing as she’s friends with the Winchesters and… well… you did kill many of their kind and their leaders so they still held a grudge. And Heaven, as I mentioned, didn’t have enough angels.”
He was an angel of the Lord, a soldier of Heaven. He had led armies in battles and fought side-by-side with the Winchesters in many apocalypses. He had been through Hell and Purgatory. Most of his free time had been spent learning about humans and acquainting himself with their culture – and he mostly only did it so he could better interact with Dean and Sam. They were his friends, after all, and he enjoyed spending time with them.
Unfortunately, there wasn’t enough food left to send home with everyone but at least Jack would have a filling lunch next week, if he didn’t mind turkey sandwiches for a couple of days straight.
Was that all Dean could say? Castiel had bared his heart to him yet he couldn’t even offer words of comfort.
Jack nodded as he scooped out the last bits of cereal from his bowl. “We are also being dismissed early on Wednesday.”
“Hey, buddy!” The hunter went down on one knee and opened his arms and the dog happily went into them, licking his face. “I know, I know, you missed me, huh? I missed you too, buddy.”
Sensible shoes. Pressed black slacks. A crisp white button-down. Professional blue tie. Matching black suit jacket. Ugly beige trench coat. Tousled black hair. Brilliant blue eyes. All topped by an uncertain look.
Sam waited a few beats, not wanting to bombard his brother with questions when he was clearly in distress about… something.
“Don’t be silly,” said Bess as she began to unfold the portable high chairs they brought with them for the twins. Bobby was helping her. “We can all pull our weight.”
His breakfast prepared, Sam made his way to the table with his bowl and cup of coffee and sat down beside Jack.
Sam is down at the lobby, getting paperwork done so they can check out. He and Castiel had already said their goodbyes, giving each other tight hugs before parting.
Castiel felt his lips twitch into a sad smile. “I’m sorry, Kelly. And Jack is sorry as well for suddenly leaving.”
“Oh!” As if he just remembered that they were there, he gestured to both Castiel and Dean. “Guys, these are Cas and Dean." Then, he gestured to the teens. "These are Zayn and Casey.”
Dean went back to his cereal and the rest of breakfast went smoothly. After he finished eating, Jack took Miracle out on a walk. Meanwhile, Dean washed the dishes and thought about what they could have for lunch.
When Sam woke up precisely at 5:30 that morning, he expected another routine day. He got up, stretched, check his phone and other phone for messages, got dressed in sweatpants and a hoodie, and made his way down the hall, stretching his arms up as high as they could go along the way. As he passed by Dean’s room, he noticed the door slightly ajar. Unable to help himself, he peeked in.
They sat on a table outside, shielded by an umbrella from the afternoon sun. Jack happily licked his ice cream, his current adolescent face making him look almost like his actual age of four years old. Sometimes, Dean wondered how their lives would have gone if Jack had been born the normal way as a baby.
Jack flashed a smile before bounding off towards the hall. Meanwhile, Dean huffed and stalked off after him. Castiel didn’t dare follow. Dean wouldn’t like it so he stayed put.
Eileen nodded. “That’s what I think, too. It’s sloppy. All the victims are from the same brothel. And it didn’t even bother hiding the bodies, just left them out in the open. This is probably just a milk run but… do you want to come with me? I can be in Lebanon by tomorrow night to pick you up.”
Seeming to have forgotten their conversation, Jack ambled after the angel. And, unfortunately, it was never brought up again because Sam had returned from his phone call. Then, they went to get Jack new dress shoes at a Payless store. And, after that, they went for ice cream.
He was familiar with the stages of grief, as he had taken a Psychology elective back in one of his many high schools (though he couldn’t remember which one). But, in their line of work, there was no time to go through all five stages when there was another monster whose head needed chopping off the very next day. Sure, it was probably a really unhealthy way of coping and dealing with grief, but that was the way things were with him.
Rubbing his eyes, Dean pushed the sheets away from his body. He slipped his feet into slippers, grabbed his robe from the foot of his bed, and ambled out of his room in search of alcohol. He made it close to the kitchen doors when he realized that the lights were on inside and crunching sounds echoed from within.
Sam laughed, shaking his head. “Come on. Have breakfast with us. You can tell us what’s been up with you in the past year.”
So, he spent the fourth day browsing the Men of Letters library for something to read. He always enjoyed reading but he rarely ever got the chance to do it for pleasure rather than necessity. He had an infinite amount of knowledge about anything and everything about the universe but humans still tended to surprise him with their creativity.
“If Jack ran away, how long until those angels realize he’s gone and will try to track him down? He’s their leader now, of course they’re gonna want him back. They waited a millennium before they realized Chuck took off. They ain’t gonna wait another millennium this time. You want them storming in here to drag our kid back, kicking and screaming?”
A/N: I'm super sorry that this is delayed! I struggled a bit with it on top of some real-world things I had to take care of. But, here's the new chapter and I hope it makes up for the lateness!
“Cas, I… I know this whole thing between us is new and all…” Fingers gently stroked Castiel’s back, making the angel shiver. “And I promised to give you time to think about it… but… Can I do that again? Is that… okay?”
Castiel turned his head away from the stove to flash him a smile before turning back to finish cooking.
Dean placed Castiel on pizza sauce duty. Meaning, he was to watch the simmering sauce Dean made and stir it every now and then. The recipe called for two hours of that and the angel was the most patient among them.
It was quick and subtle but the fear in Dean’s eyes was apparent as he looked away from Sam again. Hiding.
Dean hummed. “High school… The kid has no idea what’s he’s asking. It’s brutal. Kids pick on you for being different. Teachers get all up in your business if they think you’re dumb. Homework and tests and studying. It’s hell on earth, if you ask me.” He leaned back, resting his head on the back of the sofa. “But, if that’s what he wants, then sure, why not?”
Eileen’s face fell but she tried to cover it up with a small smile. Sam hated it when Eileen was upset.
Castiel squinted at the T.V. screen. “Maybe it’s because since breakfast is said to be the most important meal of the day and this is an important moment of their life. But, they are clearly not a club as they don’t appear to even like each other, much less enjoy the same activities.”
Dean looked up at the door, daring it to open. It didn’t but another series of bangs shook the walls.
Something happened over the weekend. Jack couldn’t put his finger on what it was, exactly, but something
The staring contest felt like one of their old fights when they were younger. They would bicker about something and neither would back off until John forced them to work it out. Or, if their father wasn’t around, someone would give in. Usually, it was Dean and that was mostly because he lacked patience. And, partly because when Sam was a kid, he had those soft brown puppy eyes that, if he widened them just right, made his brother fall at his feet and give him the last bite of Lucky Charms they had. Sam knew how to utilize it well. Sadly, they didn’t have the same effect as an adult.
A/N: I'm so sorry that this was incredibly late. I've been pre-occupied with some real-world stuff that I've had to prioritize. So this chapter is a little short but it's got as much sweetness in it that I could muster.
Castiel rolled his eyes but Dean was already walking away and didn’t see. It was probably best that way.
And so, they sat there, like dorky but proud parents, watching Jack model outfit after outfit for them. They gave him thumbs up on a couple of shirts (the red, a white one, and a midnight blue) and thumbs down on the rest (a striped green, a dotted white, and an ugly orange). Castiel examined each piece of clothing very closely, patting and tugging and asking Jack to move around, making sure the kid was comfortable.
“Right. Sorry.” He cleared his throat and continued, “So, there I was, checking in on the souls as always. Then, a woman came up to me. She demanded to know why her father was not in Heaven. It turns out, he had died decades prior and she couldn’t find him anywhere. So, I told her that if he wasn’t there, he… he may be in Hell. She… didn’t like that answer.”
“Thanks for having us over, Dean!” said the werewolf, making no move to hide the fact that he was sniffing Dean’s neck. “It’s the kids’ first road trip and they’re thrilled!”
He and Castiel couldn’t read each other’s minds in the same way Dean and Castiel seemed to often do. He didn’t feel like the world had fallen down whenever Castiel died (although, of course, he did mourn him), not in the same way Dean did. And, especially, he didn’t spend the last year drinking himself to oblivion, mourning every day, like Dean did. Their bond has always been much stronger and much deeper.
He snorts, forcing himself to look away and seem nonchalant. “If you’re that mad about me dying too soon, fine.” He smirks. “Gotta play nice with God’s dad, right?”
They were all squeezed in rather tight. Yet, no one showed any discomfort at the lack of personal space. Sam passed around the wine bottle (Gerti’s and Jack’s glasses were filled with the sparkling apple cider, instead, much to the dismay of the latter).
Dean didn’t seem concerned about Sam’s question. He just popped into Eileen’s line of vision to wave "hello" before heading into the bathroom and shutting the door behind him. The sound of a faucet opening followed.
“I think you might actually give me a run for my money when it comes to cooking,” joked Jody. “I can’t wait to try it.
Raphael may sound angry, but upon closer inspection, Castiel could pinpoint the fear in his voice. He was frightened that history would repeat itself. Michael must have noticed it, too, as he placed a gentle hand on Raphael’s arm, squeezing it in comfort.
Dinner was a quiet affair. Sure, Dean and Sam talked about what they had been up to in the last year (surprisingly, only a few cases and mostly research for other hunters). And, yes, Castiel gave Sam the short version of everything he told Dean during their talk. Miracle would pop over to them every now and then, flashing puppy dog eyes in hopes of getting scraps (Dean snuck him bits of meat while Sam was turned away, Castiel noticed). But, Jack… Jack was quiet.
Casey, luckily, managed to finish her worksheet just as Mr. Shay called out, “Bring your worksheets up on your way out! Have a great weekend, everyone!”
Neither of the brothers looked happy to be excluded from the conversation. Nonetheless, Dean whistled for Miracle as he and Sam made to leave the room.
Sam swallowed and looked down at the floor. He looked almost small, considering his size was that of a sasquatch. So, Dean knew that this was pretty important. In fact, this was probably what Sam had been nervous about for the past couple of days. It made Dean suddenly nervous, too, as a million possible scenarios ran through his mind.
Dean loses the battle to his eyelids and closes his eyes. He feels himself drifting off and this time, the void of darkness no longer feels like hell. He doesn’t dream, though. And he’s scared again.
Dean stayed silent for several minutes that Sam thought he had either fallen asleep or was ignoring him. But, then, the older Winchester slowly sat up and backed up to lean against the headboard. He placed fingers at the bridge of his nose and pinched it, as if trying to soothe a headache.
“They didn’t believe I could do it,” Jack continued, sounding resigned. “I had all these plans for Heaven. To make it a wonderful place for the souls to really and truly be happy. But, they thought it was too ambitious for… a child… to accomplish. If it wasn’t for Cas and Uncle Gabriel vouching for me, they wouldn’t even give me a chance. Even now, sometimes, they watch me closely, waiting for me to make a mistake.” He sighed, loudly. “It’s just… too much. I needed a break from all of it.”
He flashed a curious look at the blonde again, who was giving him a disturbingly cold gaze. She hadn’t spoken, yet. Her eyes were familiar, though. Where had Jack seen those eyes?
Back in their room, Sam changed into his pajamas, brushed his teeth, and then settled on top of the covers to Skype with Eileen. He told her about the case and she told him about one she had finished just days before. Then, she asked him to open his e-mail because she had sent him more listings.
Dean moved forward and wrapped the angel in his arms, tucking his head over his shoulders. He took in his scent – sunshine and freshwater with hints of popcorn butter (probably from the theater).
Castiel could hear him grumbling to himself but couldn’t decipher the words. Dean was acting a little strange tonight but, perhaps, it was just an off night.
Dean vaguely remembers thinking about Castiel before he fell unconscious. How he hoped that they would meet wherever he ended up. He knew, even back then, that it was a long shot.
He quickly paid, grabbed all four bags, and left the store. He was in there for maybe only 20 minutes. He wondered if Dean and Castiel had finished talking or if they just went ahead killed each other, instead.
“Well, maybe we could get started on that… if you’re willing to still be a part of it, I mean. I get that you have a different life now and you don’t want to hunt anymore, but you’ll be mostly hands-off in the cases. And Cas has some angelic and holy knowledge that maybe we can write down and turn into some kind of guide… if he’s willing to help out. You don’t even have to come to the bunker, I can just come here and we can work on plans and-.”
“We are righting all the wrongs and mistakes we’ve made, Dean. It’s not perfect, yet, but we’re getting there.” A worried look crossed the angel’s face. “There are… some angels who are still skeptical that these changes will make everything better. So, we’re trying to re-establish trust among our own as well. That’s why I need to get Jack home.”
That made sense. The woman had her kid back for a year, only to lose him again. Dean understood, in a weird way. Jack was his kid too, sorta. When he left them last year, he also left behind a sense of loss. But, now, he was back with them. In a way, they owed it to Kelly to at least take care of him again.
They finally reached the kitchen and Dean went straight to the garbage chute and slid the empty pizza boxes in. Castiel placed the beer and soda bottles (Jack was no longer allowed alcohol) into the recycling bag to take out the next day.
Dean opens the back door and Miracle happily hops in and settles down on the seat. He gave her one last head scratch before closing the door and sliding into the passenger side.
He turns his gaze back to smile at Castiel again, reassuring the angel that he’s okay. He’s going to be okay.
Just the thought of a next Thanksgiving gave Dean the contradicting feelings of excitement and dread.
“I’m sorry, Charlie,” he said. “I know I was MIA. But, after everything that happened with Chuck, I just didn’t… I couldn’t face you all. But, I’m trying, now. This whole… feelings thing, I’m working on it.”
He entered the kitchen and immediately spied their resident God, perched on the table, munching on cereal. It was the sugary kind that Sam often hid in the back of the pantry:
“The hunting life caught up, I guess. Dad went missing, Dean needed help, we worked on a case, my girlfriend was murdered… a lot happened.”
With that, Dean stomped off, his boots hard and heavy against the sleek floor. They all watched him leave, quiet and a little confused. Castiel thought he and Dean had made amends the last time they spoke. Things had been going well. Perhaps, he was wrong
Since there were so many of them, dinner was held in the War Room. They chatted over slices. Claire snuck Jack a sip of her beer and Dean pretended not to notice. (He figured, let the kid have fun tonight, they rarely had company over.) Then, Castiel brought out the pies, brownies, and more beer. So, suffice to say, dinner went a little longer than usual.
At that, Dean went silent but the speed of the Impala increased. Taking a brief peek at him, Jack could see how tight his jaw seemed. It made him feel a little guilty, making Dean worry, but this was something worth discussing.
“Jack has decreed that Heaven was now hands-off when it comes to human affairs. Unless, of course, something dire comes along, like another apocalypse or a demon uprising. Which is unlikely because Rowena now has all her demons under strict control.” He seemed to hesitate before continuing, “She brought back Crowley and placed him in charge of the crossroads again. He seems satisfied with that.”
“For what it’s worth, Mr. and Mrs. Kline, Kelly was a wonderful person. She was brave and strong. She died doing what she thought was right. Wherever she is, we know she’s at peace.”
He’s still on his stomach and he struggles to move himself to a more comfortable position. He’s hooked to an I.V. and a few other wires, which is really annoying.
Jack wiped his suddenly sweaty palms on his jeans. “The other day, after Cas and I got back from the movies… you guys talked.”
Immediately, she tiptoed to meet his lips and just like that, Sam was home. All the tension in his body dissipated and his worries were, for a moment, buried in the back of his mind. All he could feel was the press of her slightly chapped lips against his and the warmth of her body. Eileen ran her hands through his hair, playfully ruffling it.
Dean didn’t move. Neither did Castiel. They stared at each other, waiting for either one to make the first move.
“Jack…” Sam chose his next words, carefully. “You know that Dean and I care about you, right? You’re our kid and we want you to be happy. So, if you need to talk about anything that’s bothering you, you can talk to us.”
The younger Winchester didn’t seem to register that he had company, at first. He just sleepily ambled over to the coffee machine and mechanically filled it.
Dean must have felt his presence as he looked up and gestured for him to enter. He pointed at the empty recliner next to him with an eager smile.
His heart thumped hard against his chest as he watched Eileen’s eyes widen and then look away as she contemplated. Gently, he placed his fingers under her chin to lift her face so she could see him talk.
He and Jody successfully made the mashed potatoes while Charlie assisted them in whatever they needed. Castiel popped in every now and then to drop off bottles and grab more drinks. Sam, at some point, wandered in to try and steal a few bites of whatever food they had out but Dean managed to wrangle him in to help with the turkey. By then, Dean had finally managed to kick Jody out of his kitchen while Charlie had decided her help was no longer needed and had gone back out to the War Room with everyone (apparently, the girls had brought board games and were playing with Jack).
Dean found the old farmhouse for sale at a cheap price three years ago. It was practically falling apart but still held a certain charm. Dean fell in love at first sight and when he showed it to Castiel, the former angel loved it, too. They bought it and fixed it up, renovating where they could. It took a year and all their manpower just to repair the roof, the front and back porch, and the kitchen.
When he walked back to the registers, Dean was already placing their items on the counter, chatting amicably at the cashier – a pretty young woman in her 20’s with red hair in a tight ponytail. As Castiel drew closer, he could see her batting her eyes at Dean and the subtle flirtation in her tone.
Castiel preferred this kiss over all the others he had experienced. It had him feeling like his grace was burning up inside him and, for a moment, he was afraid that he would explode in Dean’s arms. But, he didn’t. The hotter he burned, the more wonderful he felt. And Dean’s lips against his own, though slightly chapped, were oh so soft. Castiel wished that he could taste him, too. Would he taste like the whiskey he was so fond of? Or something else?
“Thanks,” Dean replied, proudly. “So, hurry up with everything else if you wanna dig into this bad boy soon.”
“What are their names?” Castiel asked, gingerly picking up the child at his feet, as if the baby would break like glass in his arms if he wasn’t careful.
Dean looked startled at the revelation. “We’re not overstepping, are we? ‘Cause, Cas, that’s not what we were trying to do.”
The boy grinned at him from his own open locker. “These lockers are old as balls and they get stuck a lot. Just give ‘em a little bang and they’re good to go.”
“I’m not… irritated. Okay, maybe a little annoyed ‘cause he popped in here with no warning but it’s not like he has anywhere else to go. Besides, he’s still our kid.”
Castiel’s voice broke through his thoughts and he looked up to see the angel lingering by the doorway.
“Everyone really enjoyed themselves,” he said as he closed a container of mac and cheese, satisfied in hearing the “clicks.”
Sam felt his jaw drop, appalled.  “I’m 38! And online school is a thing now. I can get my degree from here or while we’re on the road.”
Castiel hummed. “He does. I’m glad he’s liking school. He’s making friends and he seems to genuinely enjoy his classes.” He flashed a grateful smile at the hunter. “Thank you, Dean.”
Sam hummed. "We talked about moving out of the bunker and getting a house and everything. Maybe get married, officially.” Sam took another sip of beer. “But, cases don’t end just ‘cause a hunter takes a break, right?”
When he and Castiel returned home from the movies last Saturday, Dean and Castiel had a private talk. A
“Yeah, I guess. I mean, I went to a couple back in the day. Didn’t really do much, ya know, since we moved around a lot. It was a way to pass the time. And make out with dateless girls.”
Dean smiled, shaking his head before sitting up and stretching. He could feel his muscles popping, his back twinging in that familiar ache.
Dean’s prediction was pretty spot on. Aside from meals and the occasional run-ins in the bathroom, the brothers barely saw Jack in the next two days. The boy holed up in his room, doing God (Jack?) knows what. Sometimes, though, Miracle would nose at his door and whine until Jack opened the door to let him in.
Jack closed his eyes and took another deep breath, the feelings of guilt and failure washing over him like saltwater.
Dean was looking at him with a soft and fond expression. “I just wanna say… I’m proud of you, kid. You’re doing great in school, you’re making friends, and you’re figuring yourself out. And, I know your first couple of years, you may have felt like you can’t be anything other than what we tell you to be. You’re a Nephilim and then, suddenly, you’re God. But, things are different now. You can be anything you want to be, got that? That’s what Free Will is about. You can be… selfish, if you want. Choose yourself and all that.”
Meanwhile, Claire’s cold steely gaze was back. She examined him close, as if he was a specimen under a microscope. (They had to do that for Biology class this week.)
“I… okay…” He pushed back his seat and stood up, stretching. “Jack and Sam will probably be back soon.” He flashed Castiel a look. “At least stay for dinner before you guys go back.”
It was a peaceful night. The cicadas were loud, as always. An owl hooted from somewhere. Above, the clear evening sky was littered with bright stars, as if the heavens, too, were celebrating the addition of another Winchester in this world. Maybe they were. Jack would be aware of the news by now. Dean hoped he would come to visit soon. It had been a while and Castiel missed the kid. (Dean did, too, but don’t quote him on that.)
“Not all the time,” teased Castiel, turning around in Dean’s arms to look at him. “But, you’re welcome.”
“So, for the past two weeks, some local prostitutes have been going missing in a town called Trinidad. Their bodies were found days later, with their hearts ripped out and chunks of flesh missing.”
Castiel, of course, would jump at any opportunity to make Jack happy. And ever since his talk with Sam, Dean doubled his efforts to be the best not dad/uncle Jack has ever had.
Another one of Dean’s regrets. He wished he had been a better brother to Adam. But, part of him knew it was too little too late. It didn’t mean he had to stop caring. Adam was still family. Maybe one of these days, he and Sam would visit him.
Dean cleared his throat as he reached for the remote. “Yeah, uh, let’s go back to… uh… What’s the last thing you remember?”
The chairs that surrounded the map table were scattered around while the table, itself, had Jack’s hand turkeys decorating the edges of it. On top of the table were opened bags of chips, bottles of beer, and boxes of board games. Meanwhile, orange and red paper chains that Jack made were strung up on the metal railings above them.
So, when Dean caught him lingering outside of his bedroom and asked him ridiculous questions on whether he was pregnant or not and if he was proposing, Sam just blurted it out. And it felt freeing, finally saying it. It had been at the tip of his tongue for months. But, then, the daunting set in.
“Is everything alright, Dean? Your voicemail was distressed and you sounded weak on the phone. Did something happen? Do you need-.”
Then, he tossed the paper behind his shoulder and it landed somewhere in the back seat. Mouth falling open a little in surprise, Castiel’s brow furrowed as he watched Dean start the car and begin to drive.
Resisting the urge to childishly stick his tongue at his older brother, Sam pressed on the doorbell.
Mrs. Klein’s cries grew even louder and much more heartbreaking. Mr. Klein had lost all of his brave countenance, sharing in his wife’s grief as he held her. Dean averted his eyes, giving them a modicum of privacy as they grieved their loss.
“How are you sure about that, Gabriel? You left us, remember? You weren’t there when Father just disappeared one day and never came back. He abandoned Heaven and we had to fend for ourselves, naively believing that he would return. And what happened after that? Chaos. Bloodshed. An apocalypse. If Jack leaves us…”
At 4 o’clock, Dean shut the T.V. off, Castiel marked his book, and Miracle napped, still exhausted from playtime.
Jack was quiet in the car (they took the Thunderbird) on the way to the grocery store. Sam couldn’t help but flash him worried looks every now and then. In the back, Miracle laid down on the seat, calm and behaved.
Yes, Eileen was right. They had all the time in the world. But, if Sam learned anything after all the crazy shit they all went through was to not waste a single second of time given to them.
“I… I honestly don’t know,” replied Castiel, also sounding worried. “He seemed fine. But, then he didn’t show up for dinner at Kelly’s. She thought he was just late. He usually sent someone along to let her know he was going to be late but no one showed up. And when she went to his room and found his note, she called me.”
Dean stayed to watch Jack do his homework for the next hour until Sam shooed him out for not being helpful. So, he took Miracle out for a quick afternoon walk. When he returned, it was about time for the pizza sauce to be ready.
The cashier flashed Castiel a quick, professional smile before going back to her task of checking out… and continuing to flirt with Dean.
“And I think we could all use a day out,” continued Sam with a wide grin. “It’s the weekend! Anything can happen on a weekend!”
Slowing down to a walk, Sam kept his gaze on the rising sun over the horizon and began to pray. He didn’t know if anyone up there was still listening but it didn’t hurt to try.
He watched in slight amusement as Castiel suddenly grabbed the bottle of whiskey, poured himself half a glass, and downed it.
“Yeah, they were a bitch to find. We really need to organize that room, you know. Maybe throw some stuff out we don’t need? I swear, those Men of Letters were hoarders. They’re even worse than you, Dean.”
But, it was no matter. Castiel would let it go for now. Besides, Dean was already changing the subject to the pizza he was excited to make so Castiel settled in and listened.
The machine printed out the receipt. The cashier ripped it out and turned it over. She grabbed a nearby pen and scribbled something in the back before handing it over to Dean.
She smiled, laying her head on his shoulder, briefly. “I know you will.” She sighed. “I just… you know, I wish I could be there to shop with him for new clothes. And make his lunch. Ask him about girls… and boys. Maybe chaperone his first school dance and embarrass him in front of a new crush. Go to PTA meetings. Such mundane things. But, I wanted to do them for Jack.”
She threw one last look at the three (or probably just at her girlfriend) before making her way out of the library.
The teenagers lifted a hand to greet them and introduce themselves. Dean remembered Jack talking about Zayn, he was Jack’s locker buddy. He was a junior and was on the lacrosse team. Casey, as it turned out, was in Jack’s homeroom and Math class – they sat next to each other. They were currently skipping their own classes to make sure that Jack was okay and had some choice words for the asshole who was at the receiving end of Jack’s fist.
Meanwhile, after a close call with a vampire nest and almost dying from a nail in the back in Ohio (Sam managed to clear out the bodies, call 911, and get him to the hospital in time), Dean had decided, right there and then, that he was done hunting. He wanted stability.
“Nothing happened, Sammy,” said Dean in a soft tone Sam rarely ever heard him use. Only when he was really hung up on something and even that was a rare occurrence. “I drove to her place. She got out of the car. And I… I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t go in with her. She was hot and sexy and willing and I hadn’t been laid in ages but… I didn’t want to go in with her. I… I ended up pretending I got a call… Said some bullshit about an emergency with you and hightailed it out of there. Wasn’t even there for five minutes. Then, I just… drove around to clear my head.”
As a habit, his eyes roamed the simple beige wallpaper, the framed photos, the snug carpets, and the random pieces of furniture that didn’t match because they found them at different online listings.
Out of the four archangels, Gabriel was the one who spent the most time living amongst humans. He had empathy for them. Thus, from the moment he was resurrected, he was always “Jack’s number one uncle” (his words).
For some reason, that sentence sent a pang to Dean’s chest. Somehow, he managed to keep his voice steady as he answered, “Well, you’d have gotten there in less than 5 seconds flat. Not suspicious at all, Cas. Besides, the school called me ‘cause you weren’t answering. I’m already worried so I might as well show up.”
When that was done, they went back downstairs. Dean retreated to the living room to catch up on some of his shows. Meanwhile, Castiel picked up his book from the coffee table and went outside to the back porch to read the morning away. At some point, Miracle got up from her pillow to follow him outside.
ready for today to be over!” Casey whined softly from next to him, her body slumped over her desk as she tried to keep her eyes open.
Smug at the fact that he won the argument, Dean pushed the cart towards the frozen meat section. Castiel resignedly followed behind him.
Plates of eggs and bacon were laid in front of him as well as an empty dish and a fork. Castiel passed him the salt and pepper shakers before sitting down across from him.
“Maybe something light since we’re having a big dinner.” Dean placed an arm over his shoulder as he pursed his lips in thought. “PB&J?”
It was less plain and dreary than it was before Jack took on the mantle of God. There were paintings on the walls now and the occasional pops of color. There were even full walls of just glass windows that gave the angels a breathtaking view of the vast meadows, forests, mountains, and beaches that made up the new Heaven. Through the windows, they could even glimpse the souls wandering about, happy and content to exist as if they were still alive.
Jack couldn’t listen anymore. He resumed the walk to his room, his speed much quicker than earlier. He could fly, if he wanted to, but it just felt more natural to walk while in the bunker. He wasn’t trying to escape or hide from anyone or anything here. This was home.
Once everyone’s glasses were filled, everyone looked towards Dean, expectantly. It just occurred to him that as the host, he was expected to make some kind of speech.
His hand reached out to tap the ‘snooze’ button, silencing the buzzing for at least another ten minutes.
Dean sighs, resigned, and throws him the keys. “This is the last time,” he insists, knowing that it’s a lie.
He really couldn’t help but wonder what made Jack leave Heaven all of a sudden. He had Kelly as well as Castiel. And if you counted his brief meeting with Gabriel, he also had his uncles. He had his family up there. But, why did he still leave? Was he really that unhappy?
“I’m thankful for that, too, Cas,” said Dean. “I don’t think I ever did. Thank you, that is. I’m a piece of shit, sometimes.”
She snorted. “Nah, I’m over it. Just…” She pressed her lips into a thin line. “I don’t know. Jack is Cas’ kid now, right? He’s his priority, not…”
“Hey, hey, hey, hold your horses there, cowboy. What are you talking about? Leaving? Overstaying your welcome? Did you think we were gonna kick you out?”
It had been a rare day off, months after they had just gotten back from Apocalypse World. Jack was moping around the bunker, bummed about losing his powers so Mary had pushed Sam and Dean to take him out. They ended up driving to the park and there was a guy there, selling cotton candy that he molded into various shapes, to the delight of the children watching him. Jack had immediately been hooked and begged Sam to get him one that was shaped like a duck. Sam then went on a lecture about the negative effects of sugar in one’s body and that a cotton candy that size would rot his teeth. Before he was even done talking, Dean had already paid the guy and Jack had returned home with his yellow and pink duck-shaped cotton candy. He showed it off to anyone in the bunker he came across before splitting the sugar monstrosity with Maggie and her friends.
The baby looked thrilled at being addressed and squealed, wrapping his short little toddler hands as much as they could around the angel’s neck and burying his face into the turtleneck sweater Castiel was wearing.
That information made Dean grin. He always knew that if given the chance, those two would have been a powerful force. He still regretted their endings but this gave him some comfort. He couldn’t wait to tell Sam.
Castiel shakes his head. “Everything you did… everything you sacrificed… You saved the world. You and Sam. And you both deserve to see the fruits of your labor. You’re still needed here on Earth, Dean.”
“It’s not that, okay?!” Dean popped back up, no longer hiding his distress. “It’s not about Jack or about you, okay?!”
The air was chilly but the sun was out and bright, making their walk pleasant. Miracle led the way, her head swiveling around as she sniffed the familiar surroundings. She chose a spot under a tree to do her business and Dean cleaned up after her. He tossed the bag into a nearby trash can before continuing on their way.
Bobby grunted his understanding. He opened the fridge and took out a pack of beer and four of the small cartons of apple juice for the kids. With one last salute, he left Dean to finish the rest of the cooking.
Jack wondered, for a second, if he should be offended because he knew that word was meant to be insulting. But, Claire’s tone was fond and she was smiling in a kind way. And, Castiel said she was a wonderful person. So, he surmised that she was simply teasing. It was oddly reminiscent of the way Dean spoke about Sam, sometimes.
“Well, I’ve got Jack to look after and take care of. There’s Sam, I swear he’s hiding something from me but he won’t say a damn word. And, then, you-.”
Kaia caught Dean watching them and flashed him a smile and a wave. Dean waved back and pressed a finger to his lips, silently asking her not to reveal him.
“Look, I appreciate the concern, Sammy, but I don’t need a relationship. I get it, you and Eileen are happy and that’s great! In fact, go ahead and marry her and have thirty kids. I’m fine.”
Claire’s lip twitched. She seemed nonchalant about it for a second but, eventually, she pushed away from the wall.
He wondered what Dean thought of Castiel’s lips, if Dean thought they were just as soft, if Castiel tasted like the wine they had at dinner.
Once they were both ready, Sam grabbed the duffle bag of things Castiel had packed and followed Dean and Jack to the Impala. The drive to the Kline residence was silent, almost like everyone was holding their breath.
So, he cleared his throat and clapped his hand. “Let’s do something fun today! Sammy, check the weather. If it’s sunny out, there’s no use staying in.”
After the first five hours of driving, they stopped for fuel. Sam went into the convenience store for snacks while Dean pumped the gas. He finished filling up the tank before Sam got out so he parked to the side to wait. And while waiting, his hand twitched to his pocket.
Dean made a humming sound, his lip twitching. “So? What do you think of your first high school dance?”
Then, they picked up Jack that afternoon and his son practically jumped into the car, excited to tell them about his day. He rambled on about his classes, his teachers, and his locker buddy (an older boy named, Zayn). He talked about Club sign-in sheets and how he couldn’t decide where to add his name so he picked up flyers and brochures for all of them to help his decision.
After one last handshake for both of them, the principal escorted them to the door of her office. It closed shut behind them. Castiel led the way to the front desk where he spoke to the woman, Miss Picoult, and signed Jack out for the day.
The kid said it with such disdain that Sam wondered if there was truly more to his running away than what he had been willing to share. So, he just patted him on the back and got to his feet.
Sam let out a soft chuckle, returning his hug before letting him go. “So, how have you been? You look… the same, more or less.”
He was getting even more tired now. This was why feelings and chick flick moments were a no-go for him. He always felt exhausted after them. Why other people loved talking about their feelings, he would never understand the appeal.
Jack took a second to contemplate those words. The word “selfish” normally had a negative connotation. But, he had come to learn that it can be a positive word, too, in the right context. Such as doing something for yourself.
Dean hummed, taking a bite out of his sandwich, his skin prickling at the close proximity of Castiel’s arm to his own. Stupid Sam and his stupid looks making him think about his stupid feelings.
“I do,” Sam answered, quickly, fully aware of the warmth blooming in his chest. “I’d like to. And… maybe… a family?” He hesitated, suddenly apprehensive. “Kids?”
Jack’s nougat. Dean’s Lucky Charms. Meat. Some fruits and vegetables. Dog food for Miracle. Sam was almost out of organic yogurt so he grabbed a tub of it. There was a sale on pasta, too, so he grabbed a couple of boxes.
Sam smiles at Dean, patting his leg before heading out of the room and shutting the door firmly behind him.
Sam rolled his eyes but Dean knew there was no malice behind it. This was how they worked as brothers, after all.
But, when he looked over at him, the angel seemed to be in better spirits as he chopped the tomatoes, chattering about how it came to be and its evolution over the years. (Apparently, it was called Nighshade in pre-historic days? Weird.)
In it, Jack was raising a half-eaten ice cream cone, smiling toothily. Next to him was Castiel, wearing a small serene smile, his blue eyes sparkling under the sun. And beside him was Dean, beaming with his arm slung over the angel’s shoulder next to him, a smudge of chocolate on the corner of his lip.
Jack seemed to hesitate before sighing. “It’s not very… cool,” he said, honestly. “And this is my first school Dance and in the movies, you’re supposed to look nice.”
“Look, man, I just… a lot of things happened this year, okay? And it just got me thinking. I know that… being brothers… may be difficult right now. And that’s okay, I’m not asking for us to suddenly hold hands and sing ‘kumbaya.’ Just… I wanted to apologize. For everything. With Michael and the cage and what Chuck did to you. You didn’t deserve any of that. And... I just wanted to let you know... that Sam and I... we're here. Whenever you're ready, we're here. "
Castiel hummed. “It is indeed happy news to find out you are having a nephew. A new addition to your family.”
The principal was still looking at Castiel weirdly but, nonetheless, nodded. “Yes, just sign him out at the front desk with Miss Picoult. Mr. Kline, Mr. Campbell, please ensure that this doesn’t happen again with Jack.”
So, you’d think that when the doctor gives him the green light to go home, he’d be happy. And, he is, really. He can’t wait to leave.
Dean opens his mouth to answer but, again, his voice refuses to cooperate. And he’s tired again all of a sudden.
The kid sighed, loudly and defeated. Sam sympathetically patted him on the shoulder before pointing at the notebook, bringing his attention back to it.
Metatron may have given vast knowledge on all things pop culture but Castiel found that he preferred to enjoy them through first-hand experience.
His brother smiled, looking relieved. Did Sam really think Dean was gonna send Jack packing?! Thanks for the vote of confidence, bro.
Judd Nelson’s younger self as Bender was on screen now, removing his coat to show his jean jacket and red plaid flannel shirt.
While he finished getting ready, Dean was on the phone with… surprise, surprise… Castiel, telling him that they finally finished the case and would start heading home in the morning. He told the angel to be careful and to call if they needed anything.
Sam couldn’t argue with her there. Their life as hunters wasn’t conducive to raising a family. He knew of hunters who have tried. Some succeeded. Some failed. And some were in that in-between. For sure, Sam and Dean’s childhoods and upbringing weren’t something Sam wanted to replicate for any future kids of his. And, Eileen lost her parents before she even learned to walk and was raised by a hunter who tried her best.
Sam placed a hand on the kid’s shoulder. “I’m sure she only wants what’s best for you. So, whatever they decide, we got your back, okay?”
Together, the two men tiptoed out of the kitchen, down the hall, and into the war room. They spotted jean-clad legs making their way down the stairs. Sam tightened his grip on the knife, getting ready to pounce.
“Jack mentioned in his introduction that he lived with an uncle whom he sees as a father,” she stated, carefully.
Sam wasn’t certain if Dean was joking or not. His brother often hid behind jokes and sarcasm to hide what he was really thinking and feeling. Feelings and chick flick moments, after all, were not Dean’s forte.
When dinner was over, Castiel and Jack did the dishes while Sam and Eileen loaded his things into her car. Then, the happy couple said their goodbyes and were off.
Dean sank back against the couch, wishing it would swallow him up. He didn’t mean for that to come out.
Sam felt himself nod. “Yeah… I see what you mean. You feel this pressure to be perfect because you don’t want to be…” He trailed off.
Jack nodded. “Okay, Sam.” To the dog, he said, “Come on, boy. Maybe there are some cats over there for you to chase… I apologize, I wasn’t aware that that’s a harmful stereotype. Of course, if you’re friends with the cat, I don’t expect you to chase them.”
“Well… yeah. It’s our life, right? And Eileen doesn’t want to stop, either. At least, for now. But… um…”
Dean made a face. “What? No! Dude, she was like, half my age! I know time has been good to me and all but I’m in my 40’s man!”
He knew the angel was right. Accepting help was still tricky for him, sometimes, but he knew he had a lot of cooking to do with the number of guests they were having. He wanted this to be a good Thanksgiving for everyone.
He didn’t know how long they kissed for but by the time they had pulled apart, Sam couldn’t stop smiling. He reluctantly released her from his hold so he could sign to her.
“Cas, I… I don’t know how I feel, exactly.” His palms felt all sweaty as his throat tightened. “All I know is that you’re important to me and I need you to know that I see you in whatever life is in store for me in the future. And I can’t imagine it otherwise. Cas, please…”
“I know that the way I feel about Sam is the same way I feel about Eileen and Bobby and Jody and Donna. The way I feel about Jack is the same way I feel about Claire. But, the way I feel for you… it’s different. It’s… warmer… More powerful. More heartbreaking…”
“We’re figuring things out,” Dean continued. “This thing is… new. For both of us. But, I want to give it a shot and Cas… he’s thinking about it. We’re not labeling it or anything like that. Not right now, anyway. But, nothing has to change, okay?”
“It’s okay to be selfish once in a while,” said Castiel. “But, running away… wanting to stay here and going to school… that’s not going to solve any problems. You know that, right?”
“Your mother sends her love and says that she misses you. Gabriel forwarded all your prayers to her. She’s proud of you, Jack.”
“So, remember one time when we talked about creating a Hunter’s Network out of the bunker? You know, to help other hunters. Provide them with resources they don’t need to literally sell their soul for?”
Castiel smiled, that bastard. “They really did, Dean. You do it often and their size indicates how angry you are. And although they weren’t quite that large earlier, it was enough to let me know that you were…” He raised his fingers to add air quotes. “Pissed off.”
“It’s partly my fault too, Cas.” Dean looked genuinely haunted by the notion. “I wasn’t good to him, at first. And every time something happened, I blamed him. Him and you. Cas, I… I never…”
“Okay. Yeah." Dean felt the urge to wrap the angel in a hug too but, instead, he gave his shoulder a few light slaps. "Um, good night then.”
Nonetheless, he jumped on Kaia to give her a hug. And when she returned it, he realized that he was about her height now instead of taller like he was before.
Subtly, Jack’s expression changed, from looking like a kicked puppy to a confused puppy. His head even slightly tilted to the side, the same way Castiel’s often did. It made Dean smile a little.
“That’s good to know.” She pursed her lips. “But, try not to change the subject. You know I’ll keep asking.”
“Um… so…” He felt awkward, all of a sudden, with all the eyes on him. “I guess before we get started, I’d just like to say… thank you. All of you. I know our lives haven’t been exactly a walk in the park.”
A flash of guilt crossed Castiel’s face. Dean wanted the ground to swallow him up. Meanwhile, the kids in the Breakfast Club were having fun smoking weed. He could really use a blunt now, even if he hadn’t smoked since he was 16. It got in the way of his concentration during hunts.
Sam let out a sigh. “Well, he’s been better since Cas showed up again but… uh… you probably noticed the… tension.”
Castiel could feel something happening in his stomach. A comforting warmth. It happened a lot whenever Dean looked at him too long. There was a feeling of anticipation that he didn’t quite understand. It was easier to ignore in the past but after Dean’s confession, it was like he could feel every single nerve in his body humming and vibrating in response.
Just then, the sound of footsteps echoed against the walls. Both Dean and Jack turned their heads towards the door, right on time to see Sam shuffle in, a hand ruffling his hair as he yawned. (One of these days, Dean was gonna go through with his daily threat of cutting Sam’s hair off while he was asleep. Was he planning on beating Rapunzel for longest hair?!)
For what was probably the first time all day, Jack smiled. “I’m fine, Casey. They’re sending me home for the day and I have detention for the rest of the week.”
Started at the familiar voice, Jack scanned the cars again and spotted a face he hadn’t seen in what felt like ages.
The angel laughs. “Me? I’ll wait. Like I always do. It appears that I’m quite good at waiting when it comes to you.”
Castiel responded with an exasperated look. “I’ve been cooking for months now, Dean. Are you saying you’re that bad of a teacher?”
The kids showering affection on Miracle all paused as a woman’s voice called out to them. They said their goodbyes to the dog, thanked Jack for the permission to pet his dog, and then ran off.
He laughed, shaking his head. “If the girls had their way, Miracle will have a dog friend by Christmas.”
“Yeah… yeah, sure. Just… you know… thought I’d be your dad, too, or something.” Dean was pretty proud of himself for managing to sound nonchalant.
Before Castiel could tell him that they needed to return to Heaven soon or the archangels themselves might try to come and drag him back, Dean had jumped in with movie titles. And it made the angel pause, watching the two interact. For the first time since Castiel arrived at the bunker, Jack was finally looking like, himself. Twinkling eyes and vibrating with excitement.
He loved learning in his classes and going home to do homework and learning more and then showing off how much he learned in quizzes and tests. His favorite subject, so far, was Global History. Humans have done so many extraordinary things over the centuries – both great and terrible. Jack wondered if he could go back in time and ask these people questions, himself, to see if everything on his textbook was accurate.
Sam pressed his lips into a thin line. “No, not yet. But, I will. Soon. Just… I need the right timing. He just got Cas back and… I don’t wanna overwhelm him, you know? I’m sorry, I hope you understand.”
“What my brother can’t get himself to say is… thank you. Everyone. We wouldn’t be here without all of you. Without your sacrifice. Those of you who managed to make it here. Those who couldn’t. Those who… didn’t have the chance.”
He grabbed two of the bags and Castiel grabbed the last two. Together, they left the store and hurried back to the Impala. They placed the bags in the trunk and took their place in the driver and passenger seat. Dean was still holding the receipt. In fact, before starting the car, he flipped it over to see what was written on the back.
He found himself unable to look away as Castiel lifted a forkful of mashed potatoes to his lips. The angel chewed, swallowed, and beamed in satisfaction.
Dean released Miracle from her leash and she immediately padded over to her pillow by the fireplace. Meanwhile, Dean went back upstairs and finally jumped into the shower.
“Still. It’s our fault you’re in the situation in the first place. We’re the adults so we take responsibility. So… So, if going to school and being a normal kid is what’s going to make you happy, then we’ll make damn sure you’ll get it, okay? Even if it means I have to drive you to school everyday and go to PTA meetings and bake cookies for a bake sale or something… anything. You can count on me. And, Sam, too. And I’m sure Cas will be with you every step of the way.”
“Nah, slow dancing? Not my thing. Besides, I know better than to get involved with any of Jack’s teachers. That would just complicate things, especially if it doesn’t work out.”
All the pain… All the loss… All the sacrifice… All the heartbreak… it wasn’t an easy journey nor was it all pretty… but right now, being held in Dean’s arms while surrounded by empty dishes, their happy and satisfied family and friends just steps away… it was all worth it.
Jack nodded and closed his eyes. He released his power and maneuvered it all over his body, changing its form. He could feel his limbs shortening, his cheeks filling in with extra baby fat, and his hair growing a little longer. He had practiced the change for a week and even walked around the bunker as his 14-year-old self so that everyone could get used to it. When he spoke, his voice was a little higher but not too much that it was irritating, at least he had some control over that.
Bobby was there. Apparently, everyone else he knew and loved was there, too, though he didn't see them. He went for a long drive with Baby. Then, Sam had joined him. They were on a bridge, that same bridge from their first hunt together after Dad went missing.
For someone who valued his personal space, Dean didn’t seem to mind that he and Castiel were practically shoulder to shoulder. But, the angel had stopped questioning it a while ago. Besides, it was nice to be next to Dean. He emanated warmth and comfort. It calmed him down when his thoughts were swirling like this.
When they finally burned and salted the bones, Sam released a breath of relief. The end of each case always brought about a sense of accomplishment and this was no different. He took a peek at Dean beside him, who was watching the flames with a stoic look. This was their first case together since Jack and Castiel returned so Sam was a little concerned that Dean would be distracted. Throughout their entire drive there, he kept calling Castiel and Jack every couple of hours. But, once they started, his brother was all focus (aside from the few calls to Castiel in the evening, updating him on their status). And, besides, no case was without its bumps.
“Dean, we’re back,” Castiel announced, raising the bags filled with groceries that Dean needed. “And guess who we ran into on our way in?”
Sam went about preparing two mugs of coffee while Eileen squeezed into the bench beside Jack and Castiel. She filled her plate with bacon and pancakes and Jack passed her the bottle of syrup.
Castiel smiles softly and steps forward. He places a hand on Dean’s left shoulder and Dean can almost feel the remnants of that old handprint from when the angel first rescued him from the depths of hell.
The rest of the driver was silent aside from the song playing on the radio – some new song by Taylor Swift about cowboys. Sam kind of wished Dean was in the car so he could tease him about being a secret fan. Maybe that would cut some of the tension hanging above them.
Kelly smiled but the concern in her eyes was clear. “Where’s Jack?” she asked, immediately, looking behind him, as if expecting her son to appear.
Dean blinked. “Yeah, yeah, I’m fine.” He sat up a little straighter. “Just thinking. Um… you didn’t burn anything then?”
Meanwhile, Michael’s vessel was completely new. When Chuck had killed him, Adam’s soul was no longer sharing their body. Small blessings as it allowed Jack to bring the youngest Winchester back, intact. But, even though Michael had formed an attachment to Adam, he no longer wanted to inhabit the human’s body. He never said his reasons but Castiel suspected that his bond with Adam was just as deep and profound as his with Dean’s (but no one brought it up, as it always made sadness flash in Michael's face whenever Adam was mentioned). Instead, Michael had found a suitable vessel in a devout man on the brink of dying from cancer who prayed for one last opportunity to do some good in the world. The man had said “yes” without hesitation, shortly before his soul left his body. Michael made sure that his soul was in Heaven, at peace with his loved ones.
“I wasn’t going to interfere,” he began. “It was after lunch and Zayn and I were walking to class. His room was in the same wing as mine. And I saw that guy… Dylan… he was harassing Casey. I remembered her from my Math class, she lent me an eraser when I couldn’t find mine. He was calling her names and she looked upset but she was talking back. She seemed to be fine on her own. But, when we were walking by them, I just couldn’t stop myself. I asked him to leave her alone. And I was polite, I swear! I didn’t want to draw too much attention to myself, like you told me to. But, I guess Dylan wasn’t happy about it. He… He pulled Casey’s hair and that was when I punched him. I didn’t mean to use my full strength, it just happened! Next thing I knew, he was bleeding on the floor and a teacher took me to the principal’s office.”
She looked at him, questions clearly in her eyes. “Um… I was scrolling through Facebook and found this.” She turned her phone around to show him. “Isn’t that… your mom?”
Claire volunteered to get Sam and Jack so Castiel got Miracle’s own dinner ready. The angel hummed as he filled the bowl with dog food.
Sam watched him carefully from his perch at an empty picnic table, ensuring that he wasn’t gonna wander off or get dognapped. It seemed like he was doing alright and Dean had him chipped, anyway.
Castiel continues to smile but there’s now a hint of sadness to it. “Live. Please. No matter how tempting it may be to die, just live. I want you to live.”
Silly kid. Of course, Dean wouldn’t tell! They just had a chick flick moment! He wasn’t about to spill the beans on everything that happened.
He spotted Jack sitting on the bench they agreed on, Miracle being doted on by some kids. While the dog was enjoying the pats, Jack had his gaze on a far-off direction, looking contemplative. His brows were all scrunched up. Near him, there was a group of teenagers, talking loudly and excitedly about their upcoming Senior Year. (Sam caught the words "prom", "graduation", and "college applications.")
Zayn swung his backpack over his shoulder, closed his locker, and tapped Jack on the shoulder. “See you later, man! Get to class before the second bell rings so they don’t mark you ‘tardy.’ Good luck!”
Eileen broke away from Castiel’s hold to meet Sam’s hug, burying her face into his chest. Sam, in turn, kissed her hair.
“That sounds… wonderful,” Jack said, almost reverently. “What did you do while you were in school, Sam?”
Dean placed a glass on the table in front of Castiel and filled it. Then, he took the seat across and filled his own glass. Without saying another word, he drained the glass, slammed it on the table, and filled it again.
With those last two words, Mrs. Kline wailed and fell into her husband’s arms. The sound pierced Sam’s heart.
It wasn’t the first time Castiel had told them that he loved them. The dude was affectionate and had more heart than any other creature Sam knew.
“Wendigo,” Eileen answered, pausing in cutting her chicken to sign. “In Iowa. It was luring kids from a small village to the forest. Took us three days.”
With some classic rock playing from the Spotify app Sam had installed on his phone, Dean resumed peeling potatoes. Soon enough, Charlie joined him. She sidled up next to Dean, who instructed her on how to make the cornbread mix.
Dean fought the blush that threatened to spill over his cheeks. “Yeah, that. I wouldn’t mind. I want to be sure before I… you know… say it.”
Finally, Castiel and Claire broke their hug. The angel smiled at his surrogate daughter and then at Kaia. He said something to the latter, who blushed in response and nodded. Claire took her hand, squeezing it in hers, looking every bit in love and enamored by the shorter girl.
“You need a hobby, Cas,” he told him. “You can’t spend every school day of this entire year just walking around the bunker like a ghost and watching movies when I ask. You need to do something to occupy your time. Something fun. Think about it.”
“You don’t understand! Hell, even I don’t understand! Something’s going on with me, lately, Cas and it’s driving me nuts. But, there’s one thing that I know I want. And that’s…” Dean swallowed. “That’s you.”
Feeling himself blush, Sam cleared his throat and looked around the War Room. Why he needed to since he was all alone right now aside from the dog, he didn’t know.
Sam’s voice broke at that, his emotions rising up to the surface. And when he spoke again, his voice was soft, “You and I… we deserve it.”
“No.” Dean’s chair made a loud scraping sound against the floor as he stood up. “I don’t know what got you and Jack thinking you can’t live here but stop it, okay? This is your home. Neither of you is leaving.”
Sam’s chest practically bloomed with warmth as he heard and watched those words form. They had said it to each other for the first time around a year ago, when Sam went to see her after the whole debacle with Chuck. They had been ending their phone calls and texts with those words ever since. And Sam never got tired of it.
Castiel took a tentative sip of his own drink – whiskey, he realized – not really tasting it but he always humored Dean when he wanted to drink together. Right now, though, it seemed like Dean was determined to fill himself up with alcohol before having a conversation with him.
Because who the hell came back to life but refused to tell your friends?! Especially your best friend who nearly tore his hair out looking for a way to save you?!
The innocent curiosity when something confused him. The strong determination when he was in battle. The love, affection, and protectiveness when it came to Dean, Sam, Jack, Claire, and all those he cared about. Castiel would go far and beyond to help, even at the cost of his own life – Dean both admired and hated that.
It was good to see Jack happier and much more relaxed than he was when he first arrived. Sam and Dean didn’t mean to eavesdrop on him and Castiel last night, but they couldn’t help it. Jack watching those teenagers discuss the upcoming school year and then asking Sam about high school made perfect sense now. And he couldn’t blame him for it.
, his nose scrunched up in disgust. “I didn’t know we still had that. Did you know a bowl of that has more sugar than
“What are we gonna do then?” Dean asked, frowning. “Tell them? ‘Hey, your daughter’s actually dead, sorry for your loss?’ Like, they’re not gonna ask questions as to the why and how?”
Jack looked great! The red made him look older than his physical age of fourteen. The jacket wasn’t expensive by any means, but it was good quality. And black goes with everything.
The drive took a little over ten minutes since there was some traffic but they all made it to school in one piece. There were many cars parked in front of the brick building, including two large yellow buses.
For a moment, Adam didn’t answer. His silence made Dean antsy but he forced himself to relax. He had no intentions of pressuring Adam to forgive him. But, he needed him to know. There was something freeing about honesty and he wondered why he didn’t give it a try before.
Claire and Kaia were browsing the shelves, talking to each other in hushed tones. At one of the tables, sat Jack and Sam surrounded by textbooks and papers. It appeared that Jack was working on Biology, judging from the sketch of a DNA strand on his notebook and Sam’s excited rambling – that nerd.
Jack watched him leave, a little touched by all the concern and, frankly, a little confused as well. He didn’t realize there was so much that came with simply going to school.
The group of teenagers standing by him were high school seniors who, based on their very long and very loud conversation, couldn’t wait for things like prom and graduation but they were dreading college applications. They talked about their school’s sports teams, who got together over the summer, and which teachers they hoped to not get this year.
And, to be quite honest, Dean hadn’t thought about being involved in hunter life. But, it wasn’t like he was out of touch with it. He still listened to Sam’s stories of his hunts. He had conversations with Jody when she called to ask for advice on dealing with some creature. He and Castiel still had some books on the supernatural on the bookshelf in their bedroom. And, he can’t forget about the guns and knives and other hunting apparel stored in a box under their bed and in Baby’s trunk. Heck, he and Castiel still carried a flask of holy water with them!
To his amusement, Jack made a face. “Um… it’s nice and all but… I’m not trying to be FBI. I want to look… cool.”
Across from the two oldest archangels was Gabriel, talking animatedly to Kelly who was seated next to him, about the benefits of adding a giant candy factory in Heaven for the children (though Castiel suspected it was more for the archangel’s sweet tooth than for the children, but you never knew with Gabriel). And, of course, Gabriel kept his old vessel, as he had centuries to form an attachment to it.
Jack wanted to respond that he wasn’t a jock but Casey said her goodbyes before he could do so. She said she needed to catch the bus home but Jack felt that she was just shy about meeting new people.
“I don’t mind it. And I think Chuck, my grandfather, the old God, he didn’t mind it, either. Love is a form of free will, isn’t it? It’s a gift and it was given to humans to do with it as they will, provided they don’t hurt anyone. And, last I checked, our cupids don’t discriminate. They undergo very strict training.”
Dean and Sam tried to push the boy to talk but every time they tried, he would immediately excuse himself and go back to his room, not answering their questions. It was worrying behavior, to be honest. Despite Jack's reassurances that nothing was wrong, they couldn't help but think that
Sam placed a placating hand on Dean’s arm before addressing the boy. “Jack, when you say you ran away… you left Heaven? Without permission?”
Sam cleared his throat, followed by the distinct sound of chairs moving back. “So, uh, you two go over that list and Eileen and I will… uh…”
The rest of the drive was quiet but from the corner of his eye, Sam could practically see the wheels turning in Jack’s head and he wondered if it had anything to do with the teenagers he was watching. Why else would Jack suddenly ask him about high school?
Castiel wanted to keep prodding but decided that Dean was right. They were here for Jack, not for themselves. Besides, it wasn’t like he wanted anyone else but Dean.
“Mother and son have come to a truce," Castiel explained. "As long as they left each other alone in their respective factions in Hell, they swore not to interfere with each other's decisions.”
“Of course! First Thanksgiving together? Can’t miss it! Though Donna is sorry that she can’t make it, she’s working. But, she sends her love and says she’s free at Christmas if you want to do this again.”
As usual, they didn't talk about Dean's night. They never did because if Sam even uttered a word, Dean would shut down. He'd assure him he was fine, that no, he wasn't an alcoholic, what are you talking about, Sammy, he was just enjoying their brand spanking new life of freedom and free will. It was what they fought and suffered and lost people for. Why shouldn't Dean enjoy it? Lighten up, Rapunzel!
Jack sat still, letting his mind wander to his list of homework assignments for the weekend. If he finished all of his homework tonight, he would have the entire weekend free. There were so many things he could do. He could study in advance and be prepared for the next lectures. Or he could re-watch all of the "Star Wars" movies again, he was sure Dean would love that. Or maybe he and Castiel could spend another day together doing puzzles – they finished a 1000-piece puzzle of the Taj Mahal last weekend. Or he could learn new spells from Sam, his witch room that contained all of Rowena’s old stuff was really cool and he enjoyed watching Sam experiment.
Still in a daze, Dean continued to lay in bed, blinking at the ceiling as he tried to hold on to the last vestiges of his dream.
Dean lets out a chuckle and nods. “Yeah. Yeah, of course. Rebuilding Heaven is a busy job. But, nothing you two can’t handle. Can’t wait to see it.”
Dean sighed. “Look, just take it easy, okay? Go to the Dean Cave or don’t, do whatever you want. This is your home, too. Just let me and Sam fix your room up so you can hole up in here when you want.”
As if reading his thoughts (maybe he was) Jack continued, “He said he didn’t want to force himself back into your lives... Oh… I think I wasn’t supposed to tell you that.”
The butterflies in Jack’s stomach intensified but he stepped out anyway. He barely registered the Impala’s doors closing as excited voices reached his ears. He watched the other students leave their respective parents’ cars. Some were running to meet their friends with hugs. Some had their heads down as they walked to the building. There was a group taking a selfie. It was a chaotic mess. Jack was excited to join it.
The song sounded nice. Castiel felt his foot tapping along. His ears followed the words that made up the lyrics – they sounded sad but hopeful. Castiel decided that he liked it.
Dean was staring intently at him. His green eyes met Castiel’s own blue and dragged down to his nose… his lips. His gaze stayed on Castiel’s lips, brow scrunching in deep thought.
Castiel was silent for a moment, contemplative. Dean picked up a gun and began to take it apart. The motions were second nature, at this point, so he barely thought about it.
“I know.” Dean smiled, reaching out to pat his arm. “You’ve got dad duties. No worries. For now, we just stick making sure Jack’s good.”
So Castiel explained everything he discussed with the archangels (while also signing, of course, for Eileen’s benefit). About their concerns about Jack being gone. About how Kelly defended his choice. About how they finally gave in and decided to split Jack’s tasks among themselves. And about the timeline.
Sam hesitated. He wanted to tell someone about this new thing going on in his life but he was afraid of it getting back to Dean. Jack patiently waited for him to continue, looking genuinely interested. It was easy to talk the kid. He may not comprehend why things were the way they were, sometimes, but he never judged.
At that, Castiel looked down at his formal suit, sensible shoes, and wrinkled trench coat, as if taking it in for the first time. The only times he changed out of them was when he was human and couldn’t mojo his way to a clean outfit.
“I feel guilty, too, you know. I mean, I shot him right after he was born. And the Ma’lak box thing. But, I apologized and he forgave me, too. And I know he loves me. Even Cas isn’t a perfect parent. So whether he calls us his dads or not, it shouldn’t matter. We’re all trying to make it up to him now.”
When Castiel agreed to tell him everything that Jack refused to, Dean had stalked off to the kitchen. He needed alcohol for the incoming conversation.
Dean had to or he would chicken out and never find the nerve to do this again. Jack deserved his honesty and his apology.
They discussed what they needed to do to prepare a while longer until it was finally time for Dean and Jack to get going. Castiel handed Jack his lunch box, kissed his forehead, and wished him a good day before turning to Dean and asking him to drive safely, to which Dean responded with an, “I always do” before winking at the angel.
“Hey.” He wants to lift a hand to nudge the angel but his limbs feel too heavy so he just grins. “I’m alive. By some miracle, apparently.”
Thankfully, Dean came to his rescue. “Actually, I forgot to make the fries. Cas, wanna peel some potatoes for me? Jack, we’ll call you when dinner’s ready.”
Because they did. They truly did. They could have it all if they wanted. And Sam wanted it all. He wanted a life with Eileen with a promise of a future. He wanted to go back to school and finish a degree, any degree, just so he could finish what he started so long ago.
She had called Dean around lunchtime that day and told him that she and Kaia were in the area and wanted to stop by for the night. Castiel had been so thrilled that he waited by the door in anticipation. He was the first to hug her “hello” when she arrived and although she scoffed at how silly he was being, he could feel that she, too, was happy to see him – she had hugged him back rather tightly.
He watched as a flash of sadness appeared in Castiel’s eyes before they were replaced by a calm indifference.
“… So we figured we’d stop here for the night since it was on the way.” Kaia smiled at her. “Claire wanted to meet you so we volunteered to pick you up from school.”
Jack beamed as he entered. “Good morning, Dean.” He dropped his backpack next to the table and sat at the table next to Castiel, who was nursing a cup of coffee. “Good morning, Cas.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, of course, I’ll help!” Jody insisted, already making her way to the counter next to Charlie. She looked down at the potatoes. “You’re making my mashed potatoes, aren’t you? Then, you mix the spices and I’ll take care of the mashing.”
“You should check the wards. Make sure we don’t get any dicks with feathers coming around while Jack’s here.”
Sam passed the phone to Castiel, who was sitting next to him. Dean looked over the angel’s shoulder, their cheeks almost pressed against each other’s.
She shrugged before letting out a low laugh. “Running away from home is a classic teen rebellion move. I’ve done it. Just goes to show he’s really my son.”
Castiel nodded and picked up a jar to examine it. “Are these ethically produced?” he asked, seriously.
“It’s fine, Jack. I think it’s great that you want to go to school. Learning new things and making friends. Plus, you get to participate in a lot of activities. Um, arts, sports, even science.”
Dean continued, “Back when Billie was coming after us, you said that the Empty will take you once you’ve experienced true happiness.”
Once again, Dean was alone in the kitchen, watching the timer of the oven slowly ticking. It felt like forever. Finally, the timer ding-ed. Dean donned oven mitts (ugly little orange things with sunflowers on them but Castiel had picked it up during one of their shopping trips one day and fell in love) and carefully pulled the steaming hot turkey out of the oven. He placed it on the counter, fanning the steam away with his hand.
The principal cleared her throat and they turned her attention back to her. Them supporting Jack was definitely not a reaction she expected. Dean could see the disapproval in her eyes.
And Dean, himself, had changed. He didn’t flinch when men touched him anymore. He no longer minded the occasional flirty looks and winks thrown his way. In fact, he was quite flattered to be considered attractive enough to both sexes. And if Dean were to have a male partner, why not Castiel? He understood Dean in the deepest and most intimate ways. They made a good team in everything they did. And Castiel was his best friend.
Still… he figured he was entitled to some apprehension. After all, he had never been in love before. Truly in love. Not just fascination or infatuation or fondness. True and profound love.
Sam turned the camera back to himself. “Yeah, it’s been a pretty good day. I mean, wow, we rarely get one of those you know. It’s… nice.”
For a moment, they were silent, simply listening to the night sounds and enjoying the warmth in their stomachs brought by the beer.
The two went to the bakery where they picked up an apple pie, went back to the car (they just made it before their time was up), and headed home.
If, after this year, Jack and Castiel decided to come down and visit them every now and then, maybe Sam shouldn’t be too worried about Dean, after all.
“I’m not angry. I’m annoyed. The idea of you being a runaway doesn’t exactly appeal. You were in Heaven. You were supposed to be in good hands.”
There was a twinge in Dean’s chest but he couldn’t tell what it was. It was unfamiliar. Or, perhaps, he just didn’t want to dwell on it too much.
He scanned the crowd of dancing children for his son and found him standing in a corner, staring in that intense way of his at... something. Castiel followed his gaze which landed on… a girl.
Jack opened his eyes, giving himself a few seconds to ground himself. Meditating to reach his subconscious to visit Amara always made him somewhat sleepy.
“Cas… what if… you can…?” Dean swallows the lump in his throat but forces his voice out. “Have it… I mean… You know…”
“I’m going to the store after breakfast,” Castiel finally spoke up as he cleared his plate. “Do you have the list of things you need for dinner?”
Dean wasn’t sure if he was relieved or not. Sure, he liked Eileen. Loved her, even. She was perfect for his brother. And he wouldn’t mind her being his sister-in-law. In fact, he’d be ecstatic. Finally, someone as cool as him was joining the family. But, then again, if she and Sam got married now, wasn’t that a little too fast? Plus, they had the long-distance thing going on. Shouldn't they try living together, first?
Castiel nodded. “Yes. Except for Lucifer, of course. He’s still in the Empty. We made sure that he’s asleep and forever will be.”
It was a relief to hear that his family and friends were fine. They were happy and at peace. That was all he and Sam ever wanted for them. Now, he was rest assured that someday, hopefully a very long time in the future and not anytime soon, they would both get to join them.
I struggled with the vessels part here but “Supernatural” keeps changing their own lore anyway so... might as well roll with it.
“A what?!” Casey began frantically running her fingers through her hair, wanting to shake off the non-existent spider.
Castiel flashed him a soft smile. It made something in Dean’s stomach flipped and he was pretty sure he hadn’t eaten yet.
They continued to be silent as the song continued. Dean’s brows were furrowed as if he was concentrating very hard on something. When the song ended, Dean excused himself to get more food and refreshment. It was right then that Jack popped into Castiel’s line of vision and before he knew what was happening, Jack and his friends had pulled him onto the dance floor.
Sometimes, though, those four hours were interrupted by nightmares and it took him a while to get back to sleep. In the past year, the nightmares were all the same.
“Never said that, I just took a break. I’m ready to get back in action.” Dean clapped his hand, forcing a smile onto his face. “So! When are we leaving?”
For a minute or two, there was only silence but for the sounds of vegetables being sliced and the almost muffled sounds of everyone in the War Room. It was pretty calming, if Dean said so, himself.
Principal Chan seemed caught off-guard at the show of remorse. “It’s alright, Jack,” she said, gently.
Charlie hummed. “Us, too. Couldn't really do holidays when you're trying to survive in a dystopia." There was a second or two of silence. "But, how are you, really, Dean?”
So, it was just Dean, Sam, and Jack taking this trip, just a couple of days before Christmas. They had left as soon as Jack’s school holiday party ended. (They hadn’t had the chance to watch the video of the play he was in yet but they were sure Jack rocked it as a more watered-down, kid-friendly version of Gabriel.)
“What?! You got detention?! And you guys didn’t think to tell me?! Or call me?! What am I?! Yesterday’s casserole?!”
He landed just a few feet from the bunker’s entrance. On the horizon, the sun was slowly descending, marking the time of day as late afternoon.
Jack appeared to not hear. Instead, he looked in the direction of the kitchen, subtly sniffing the air.
“Shut up, Sammy,” Dean snapped. “I’m just making sure Jack’s prepared. High school is brutal. Remember your own first day of high school?”
Luckily, the dog was nowhere in sight, probably napping in Jack’s room or in playing with his toys in the Dean Cave.
Frozen yogurt did sound nice so Jack agreed. He got into the backseat of the girls’ car. Claire drove and Kaia was in the passenger seat. Kaia asked him questions about school and Jack answered and talked about his day.
The school bell was almost deafening, especially for those of them who liked to sit in the back of the classroom. If Jack were a normal human, the sound would probably pierce his hearing.
There was a short silence from the other line. Then, a long deep breath. “Fine. Rocky road. And, Cas, that was really shitty leaving me behind!”
“Pretty good, considering… you know… everything.” Adam let out a sigh. “So, what do you need from me?”
Castiel steps closer, his eyes focusing on Dean’s face. Dean, too, memorizes the angel's face. Takes a picture of it and saves it in his memory.
His brother waved a hand at him, telling him to get a move on. Chuckling again, Sam left the room and closed the door behind him.
“He was brought back along with everyone else on Earth. But, with Michael in the Empty at the time, there was no use for him as a vessel anymore. Last we checked, he had settled in his hometown in Minnesota. Built a new life for himself.”
“Well, there isn’t much for comparison. Angels have never had social events like this in Heaven and I don’t recall any time in our friendship when we were ever invited to parties. But, I suppose it’s… nice. The children seem to enjoy it.”
Dean paused and looked at the cart, thoughtfully. “Speaking of cheese, I think we’ll need more than one bag.”
“Mr. and Mrs. Kline, it’s best that you both have a seat,” said Sam, gesturing politely to the empty loveseat adjacent to the couch.
Sam drove leisurely, wanting to give Dean and Castiel as much time as possible. So, it caught him by surprise when Jack suddenly asked, “Did you go to high school, Sam?”
“I didn’t tell you that Eileen and I were planning on moving in together because I didn’t want you to suffer any more than you already were. You weren’t in a good place and I couldn’t spring that on you. So, we waited and, honestly, man, I never thought we’d get there. But, then, Jack and Cas came back and, suddenly, you were getting better. You’re laughing more and you have this… new sense of purpose. I waited longer because maybe it was a fluke. But, you’re getting better, Dean, don’t deny it. So, I feel like I can tell you now. And I just did.”
“He makes a good point,” Sam said as he sat down next to Jack with a bowl of cubed fruit. “I remember my first Dance. I wore Dean’s hand-me-downs. It was two sizes big on me. So, yeah, we can take you, Jack.
“Dean…" Castiel's eyes sparkled with mischief. "You are getting better at expressing your feelings.”
Raphael seemed to consider this. “I care for Jack. He is our brother’s son and he has done wonderful work in the past year. But, I fear that he may want more than what he can have. He was born for a reason and his birth may not be what Lucifer hoped it would be, but perhaps he was born for us. To redeem Heaven and restore it to its former glory.”
Jack nodded in agreement and stood up, too. He gazed one last time at the group of teenagers. They seemed to fascinate him and the unreadable look on his face was hard for Sam to decipher, so he brushed it off as just Jack's curiosity. After all, he didn't have any friends his age. (That was just a sad thought, wasn't it?)
“For everything. For treating you like you were the enemy when you were just born. I mean, you lost your mom and Cas and I should have realized that you didn’t want either to happen, but I blamed you anyway. And I blamed you for… for mom. I put you in a Ma’lak box. Sam was worried and I should have listened to him. We should have tried harder. No.
Garth and his family eventually arrived with Bobby in tow and Dean had to take a short break and leave the kitchen for hugs and “how are you’s?”
He was in the war room, looking up the history of a town in Wisconsin for a hunter who was doing a salt and burn of a ghost wreaking havoc in an old convent. They’ve been doing that more lately – providing information and posing as government heads for hunters all over the country. (Sam was thinking about setting up a network, but he was still working on the details.)
Dean’s head snapped to Jody, who was grinning at him as she mashed. Beside her, Charlie had a hand over her mouth, trying not to laugh.
“Great! So, I know Sam’s trip to the store was just an excuse but I know there’s enough ingredients in the kitchen right now to make the patties. Wanna help me?”
Since all his things were already packed and it was just an excuse to give Jack and Castiel some alone time, they laid on his bed for a while. He held her as they talked about everything and nothing on. They discussed the case, the leads, and the victims in between stolen kisses and shy touches.
Dean knew he should eat because the food smelt fantastic, if he said so, himself. But, he couldn’t stop watching everyone. They were talking. Laughing. Stealing food from each other’s plates.
“We will tell the angels that Jack is taking a leave of absence to rest and recuperate.” Michael paused and, here, he looked at Castiel, pinning him with a look that garnered obedience. “One year.”
“I assumed with all your renovations, you’d be occupied. I don’t mind. I took a nice road trip to the countryside.” She snapped her fingers and a tan bucket hat appeared in her hands, which she proceeded to plop into Jack’s head. “Your face will get sunburned without proper protection.”
On their last hunt together, Sam finally told her of his plans to go back to school. He had been nervous to break the news to her, unsure if she would react, positively. And, at first, Eileen couldn’t seem to comprehend why he would want to go back to school. She was a bit like Dean in that way. But, in the end, she told him she wanted him to be happy. And if he wanted his degree, then she would support him.
She smiled, stepping forward to plant a motherly kiss to his forehead. “Anytime. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I think I’ll take a swim.”
A/N: Hello, everyone! I've returned from vacation! I actually got back about two weeks ago and started working on this chapter immediately, but it took a little time. Hopefully, I'll be back to my normal updating schedule soon.
Dean finally turned to him, shocked at the new piece of information. Castiel had been a woman before?!
It was nice. He hoped Castiel could join them next time. Maybe at those batting cages Dean mentioned. It would be funny to see the angel attempt to play baseball.
and picked up two glasses from the dish rack before heading back to the table. He filled both glasses, almost to the brim, and pushed one to the kid. Jack took it gratefully and took a sip. Dean did the same and grimaced at the stringy texture on his tongue.
Finally, Castiel lowered the napkin. He held Dean’s chin and gently tilted it to the side, examining him.
She grinned at him. Dean felt his lip quirk. He should be annoyed at the “old man” comment. But, he did remember that day. It was one of those rare times when he actually had fun. Plus, he bonded with Claire, just when he thought she would never forgive him. It was a cherished memory.
“Jack!” Dean scolded, angrily. “Power down! What the hell?! Are you trying to blast us into next week?!”
Castiel didn’t stop until he had Jack wrapped tightly in his arms. He felt the boy return the hug, not quite as tight.
Jack seemed like he wanted to protest but Castiel was set in his decision. So giving up, the boy nodded, wished him a good night, and left the room. As soon as his footsteps faded into silence, Castiel let out a loud sigh. In shaky legs, he stumbled towards the couch and sank into it.
And, normally, Dean would push. He was tired of secrets and surprises. He wished Jack would just tell them why the hell he left Heaven all of a sudden. If he wasn’t being abused up there and there wasn’t a great flood coming to wipe them and all of humanity away, why was he here?
“I’m done!” he said, proudly raising the shopping bag and handing Dean his credit card back. “Where’s Cas?”
Dean continued to watch as Castiel walked the girls to the room they were staying at, only a couple of doors from Jack’s. Castiel seemed to hesitate, at first, but then pulled Claire into his arms. He whispered something to her that Dean couldn’t hear and kissed her hair. The blonde returned his hug, burying her face into his shoulder. She must have said something in return because Castiel chuckled as he rubbed her back.
After his third glass, Dean pushed it away and caught Castiel’s gaze. The angel found that he couldn't look away.
Meanwhile, Sam sidled up to him, placing a hand on his shoulder. “It’s good to see you, Cas,” he said with a fond smile.
Would Sam be as happy as he was now? Would Eileen have found peace? It was a difficult question to answer and they tried not to dwell on it. All Sam knew was that he was thankful and grateful and he was going to hold on to this wonderful and feisty woman he came to love.
When his head was all good and clear, he continued on his way, furiously chewing the bacon still in his mouth. Now that they had another mouth to feed, he would have to do an inventory on their supplies. And get a box of nougat the next time they head out. They were fresh out.
Dean barely registered the rest of the movie after that. And Castiel chose not to ask any more questions about the movie, either, even if he tilted his head to the side in confusion at the scene of Claire putting on lipstick with her boobs.
This kiss was nothing like those. For one, it was chaste. So innocently chaste. And Castiel had witnessed many of Dean’s kisses with others – he was always hard and passionate, almost desperate. So, he never knew that Dean could kiss so gently, so hesitantly, and so carefully.
Castiel volunteered to clean up so they could enjoy themselves. And, to his surprise, Dean opted to stay and help.
He thought Dean would say “no” instantly. He had always been the ultra-macho brother who wasn’t in touch with his feelings while Sam had no issue touching on his feminine side every now and then. Stanford had done wonders for his toxic masculinity.
Jack got excited at the prospect of making their own pizza so Dean decided they could make personalized ones. He had already made the dough and chopped the toppings. All they had left to do was slap on the sauce, cheese, and toppings.
Jody smiled her motherly smile at them. In her arms was a large covered bowl, which she placed on the dining table.
In the morning, after a light breakfast of bagels and coffee, Dean and Sam got dressed in their FBI getup.
Sighing and giving in, Dean put his spoon down and managed a smile. “I was in the Wrestling team when I was living at a boys’ home for about two months. And I was also pretty decent at baseball.”
Novak. Claire Novak. Jimmy Novak’s daughter. Jimmy, who was Castiel’s vessel, this was his daughter who was now a hunter.
When he lifts his head, Castiel is watching him in that close and examining way he often does. As if he’s taking a photo of Dean and imprinting it in his memory.
“She… she told me I was wrong. She said… I had no business being God if that was the way I run things. That I was just a kid who didn’t know anything.” He opened his eyes, his vision blurring from unshed tears. “I think she’s right. I’m just a kid, Amara. I don’t know what I’m doing. I thought I could do this. I thought… I could be God. But… it’s just so hard. And I’m so tired.”
It didn’t budge. Jack frowned and pulled again. It remained stuck. He wasn’t using his full strength and he considered breaking his promise not to when a fist suddenly slammed into the locker door. Jack jumped back, startled.
In the car, Jack was quiet. Dean peeked at him on the rearview mirror, wondering why he had that look of dread, as if Dean and Castiel were driving him to his execution. Maybe he did think that.
At least that brought a smile to Jack’s face and he finally looked up at Castiel. “I miss her, too. And my Uncles.”
For months, he had all these doubts running through his head. He had read that God was supposed to be all-knowing and all-seeing. But, Jack was clueless and awkward and easily distracted. Was he even the right person for this job?
Yes, he wasn’t exactly a good friend – or even a good brother – last year. He was a mess. Wracked with the weight of guilt, remorse, and regret, he chose the bottle over talking to his friends. He chose to recklessly throw himself at every hunt, uncaring of his life. But, things were different now. He knew he had a lot of inner work to do. Sam mentioned something about seeing a therapist once but Dean had shot that down, immediately. He wasn’t ready to see a shrink yet.
Ouch, okay. Dean would be proud at the sass if it wasn’t directed at him. But, then again, Castiel was adorable when he was annoyed.
Castiel felt relief flood through him. “I’m glad to hear that. Do you mind weakening the wards so I can enter? Please.”
He felt the change complete itself so he opened his eyes to meet the approving looks of everyone in the car.
It was strange. Kelly had been dead for four years now and they knew she was doing well and was even happy in her afterlife. But, they couldn’t exactly say that to her parents, could they? A loss was a loss, no matter what.
Dean could only watch, helplessly, as Jody took over his kitchen just as easily as she did at her own.
“Hey! Welcome back!” Dean greeted with a grin, scratching the dog’s head. “Got some beer in there? Cas and I made burgers.”
They both settled on the empty chairs on either side of Jack. The boy seemed to shrink in further into himself.
Oblivious to the tension between Dean and his brother, Castiel sighed. “Alright,” he finally agreed. “If you say that you truly need it, then we will go.”
That must have caught Castiel off-guard. He raised his head, finally, to meet Dean’s eyes. And Dean knew that the angel could see that he was not playing around, this time. He needed answers.
“They are able to visit each other, now. Your mother has dinner with Bobby, Ellen, and Jo once a week. They’ve invited me and Jack but, unfortunately, we’ve been busy. We also found Kevin and gave him his rightful place in Heaven as a prophet of the Lord. He and Charlie have met and bonded.”
Finally, Dean appeared with a large bottle of liquor in one hand and two glasses in the other. The hunter pointed at one of the chairs with the glasses.
So, he held his tongue and allowed the Winchesters to whisk Jack away to the entertainment room after dinner while he offered to clean up and do the dishes. The chore was always rather calming so he didn’t mind it. Compared to everything he did for Heaven, this was a mundane task and he enjoyed it. Kelly never allowed him to do the dishes when he visited her and Jack in their heaven.
“Jack, are you okay? What did they say? You’re not in trouble, are you?” the girl asked, practically bouncing on her toes.
Dean seemed like he was in a good mood. He was always in a good mood, nowadays. Maybe it had something to do with him and Castiel always kissing. They didn’t know that Jack knew about that. But, he walked in on them in the kitchen once and Jack felt awkward interrupting their kiss for a snack so he just left and went back hours later.
Jack let out a whoop. He grabbed his sandwich and the papers and quickly excused himself to his room so he could get ready.
Sam deserved this. He had a woman he loved, a job he was passionate about, and now a kid on the way. There was no doubt that he was going to be an amazing father. And Dean and Castiel would definitely be the favorite uncles.
Dean’s mind took him back to that moment. Those last five minutes when the Empty’s black goo covered Castiel and took him away, effectively saving Dean from Billie but losing his life in the process. The moment that prompted that black goo to appear in the first place.
“Next time, we’ll go to a batting cage and I’ll teach you how to bat,” Dean had promised Jack in the car.
“Jack, you are one of the most powerful celestial beings with cosmic powers beyond any human’s comprehension. You rule Heaven and have dominion over Earth. Why would you want to go to high school?”
The hunter grinned. “Apparently, he’s been seeing her eating alone at the cafeteria but didn’t know how to approach her ‘cause she always looked, in his words, 'angry at everything.' So, he wants to ask her to dance and see if that could break the ice.”
For the first time since he arrived at the bunker, Castiel realized that he hadn’t paid Sam any attention or acknowledgment. It was quite rude and he felt embarrassed by his actions towards his friend.
This wasn’t Castiel’s first kiss, of course. There had been Meg, that was rather heated because the pizza man had taught him how to do so. Daphne had attempted to kiss him a few times when he had been her husband but they were mostly little pecks that he barely felt. And, there was April, their kiss fueled by the human feeling of lust, which had overwhelmed him.
He heard the angel repeat the question to the dog and the dog seemingly respond. “He says he appreciates you letting him lick the plates when you wash the dishes. And speaking of that, Dean, I do hope you wash the dishes after he licks them? Miracle may be a clean dog but germs and bacteria can still accumulate-.”
“Now that we are no longer in the principal’s office, would you like to tell us exactly what happened?”
Dean gestured with a jerk of his head towards the Jack in the back. The kid tried to look inconspicuous but he did seem to perk up at the mention of ice cream.
“Why are we even considering letting him go?” said Raphael, clearly against the whole thing. “His place is here. He has a responsibility. To us, the angels, Heaven, and Earth. He is God.”
He hopes Sam takes good care of Miracle, go on walks with her, and let her eat the leftovers off his plate. It’s funny how he and Sam always wanted a dog when they were kids but John wouldn’t let them. And now that they finally got one... now that they finally have some semblance of a normal life, Dean has to leave.
“Dinner will be ready soon,” he said before squinting and cocking his head to the side. “Are you alright?”
The sudden change in Amara’s expression was subtle but Jack had learned how to look for it. Right now, she seemed rather surprised and he couldn’t blame her. Everyone didn’t understand why he did what he did. Heck, even he didn’t understand his own impulsive decision.
Sam never thought they’d ever have a day like this. Just him, basking under the sun. Dean and Jack playing catch. Miracle running around.
Sam didn’t hear a response but Dean walked past him, heading quickly for the car. Sam followed after him.
Just as Castiel was about to take his first steps to the door, the rumbling of an approaching vehicle reached his ears. He turned around.
Ah, Dean understood, now. All they really did when they found out Castiel was alive and that Jack was staying with them was send out a mass text to everyone who knew the two. With all the excitement around Jack entering high school, Castiel must have not had the chance to check in with Claire.
The angel nodded and turned back to the woman then asked for five jars of honey and a jar of apple butter. What they would need five jars of honey for, Dean didn’t know. But, he was perfectly fine handing over a couple of bills to cover the cost.
If angels could get migraines, he was sure he’d be having one now. Instead, he was simply feeling a mere annoying and inconvenient throbbing in his temple. He had a strange urge to grab one of Dean’s fancy crystal glasses and a bottle of whiskey.
He wondered if Jack was doing okay. Was he making friends? Enemies? What if the other teenagers were mean to him? Jack’s 14-year-old self was small and lanky. He was also cheerful and smart but wasn’t well knowledgeable of social cues. Kids like that were prime targets for bullies, according to the movies he watched.
Dean nodded, recalling a conversation they had about it a long time ago, right around the time he decided to retire.
Dean didn't know why that simple thing made him so happy. Though, he didn't envy Jack. A history test? No, thanks.
“Michael wants me to give you these,” he explained when Jack rifled through them. “They’re reports on the progress of the renovations and a few small issues that are already resolved. He wants you to be aware of them, even while you’re gone.”
Gertie had grown taller and was now missing one of her front teeth. She waved excitedly at Dean before giving her attention back to the older girls. Meanwhile, at seeing the twins, Dean’s eyebrows raised in surprise.
That caught the hunter off-guard. “I… I’m not.” He looked around the table to see everyone watching him. “I’m not, okay? I’m thrilled! The band’s all back together! And our issues are normal, for once! We should celebrate!” He addressed Eileen. “You’re staying for dinner, right?”
The delicious aroma of burgers greeted them when they opened the door to the bunker. It made Jack’s mouth water and he realized that he hadn't eaten since lunch. So, he and Sam followed the scent to the kitchen where they found Dean and Castiel laughing about something, the earlier tension completely gone. Miracle bounded forward with an excited bark, happy to see Dean.
best friend – could even feel that way, especially towards him. Who was Dean Winchester compared to an angel of the lord? Dean had nothing to offer. Angels could fall in love, Dean now knew and he had enough time in the last year to come to terms with that.
Not wanting to be a burden, Castiel applied for a part-time job at a convenience store. They had to forge his papers and create a new identity (Castiel insisted on taking Jimmy’s last name “Novak”, to honor his vessel) but that was the easy part. Because even though he had lived as a human before, the former angel still struggled with basic human needs. He’d forget that he needed to eat and would only be reminded if his stomach was growling and tightening in protest. And he’d forget to sleep until he lost consciousness while on his feet, wherever he was. But, soon, he got used to it, even if he found bathroom breaks so inconvenient.
Castiel wanted to wrap his arms around Dean Winchester and not let go. He wanted to tell him he was sorry, that he missed him, that he hoped Dean forgave him. The only things stopping him were the memories of their last encounter and the invisible force that forbid him from taking another step.
When the farmhouse was ready and livable, Dean and Castiel officially moved out of the bunker and into their new home.
He knew Sam wanted to say something. Could practically feel his brother’s stare again at the side of his head but Dean refused to look at him.
Excitedly, Jack took his hoard to the counter, a skip in his steps. It made Dean smile to see him so happy about something that was just so… normal. Not for the first time, he was glad that Jack got this chance to just be a kid.
“That’s good to hear,” Amara replied, smiling at him. “I’m very proud of what you’ve accomplished so far, Jack.” She leaned back against the sand. “So, what’s next?”
long talk. Dean had been loud, his voice reverberating throughout the bunker. And it lasted for such a while that Jack’s stomach had started growling. Sam had taken pity on him and they ended up eating dinner together, just the two of them. They had no idea how long the talk lasted but the next day, that was when things changed.
“Hey, we’ve all done some shitty things in this family. We’ve backstabbed each other more times than we can count. Sometimes, literally! Did you know I stabbed Cas the first time we met?”
And, maybe, just maybe… Dean could finally figure out how he really feels. Because the thought of loving Castiel… returning his best friend’s love and devotion… it felt right.
He picked up his knife and together with Dean, they led Jack into the kitchen where the food still waited for them.
Castiel was gone for only a day and a half and, yet, he felt like he had been away for a week. As an angel, he rarely felt physical exhaustion. But, after flitting around Heaven with no rest, ensuring his duties would be well taken care of while all along missing his family back on Earth, he could feel the tension in his wings and a slight throbbing on his forehead. By the time he bid his fellow angels goodbye and began to fly back to Earth, the thought of possibly sinking into a comfortable couch and watching a movie with Dean while munching on extra buttery popcorn prompted him to flap his wings faster.
Dean watched with a smile as Jack abandoned the hand turkeys he was sticking along the edge of the map table (which was now covered with an orange table cloth) to greet their guests. Charlie and Stevie wrapped the boy in hugs, commenting on his teen look, before turning their attention to the rest of them. Eileen had been helping Jack decorate and was the closest so she got the next hugs first.
“Mr. Kline.” The woman – the principal – tilted her head in acknowledgment. “It’s very nice to meet you, though I wish it were under better circumstances.” She held out a hand for Castiel to shake, who took it. Then, her gaze moved to Dean, curiously. “And, sir, you are…?”
“Well, that kinda sucks,” Claire finally said, sounding a little sympathetic. “You’d miss prom and graduation. Not that I went to my prom, it wasn’t my thing. But, you know, it’s the principle of the thing or whatever. I did go to my graduation though. Jody insisted. Then, we salted a ghost afterwards.”
Finally, Jack found the wall of lockers. He checked his locker number on the little slip of paper Sam had written out for him with information the school had e-mailed him and scanned the wall. When he found his assigned locker, he put in the code for the lock. It clicked and Jack made to pull it open.
Claire snorted and waved in dismissal with a hand. “Yeah, yeah. Kaia talked about you, like, all the time. She said Cas and the Winchesters adopted you. So, I figured I might as well.”
Castiel’s head tilted to the side as he squinted at her amused face. He didn’t know what gave the impression that he and Dean were married. He wasn’t even wearing a ring. But, the woman didn’t seem to mean anything malicious by it. So, he simply nodded and walked away to find the cheese. Along the way, he also found a bag of those little wheels of cheese that would make a perfect school snack for Jack – a much healthier alternative to nougat. He did promise Kelly that he would watch the boy’s sugar intake. He also passed by a shelf filled with boxes of pie. He deliberated for a second before grabbing one blueberry and one apple.
Dean’s eyes widened. He didn’t know how to feel, knowing that Crowley was back. On the one hand, the dude was an enemy. On the other hand, he was an occasional ally and he did die to save them.
“I couldn’t say anything, man! Billie was banging on the door and then the Empty showed up and next thing I knew, Cas had shoved me to the wall and he was…”
As if answering his query, his phone rang. Taking it out, he saw Sam’s name flash on the screen. He answered and put it on speakerphone.
“I did. I asked for his name and checked the records, myself. He’s not in Heaven. So, I got in touch with Rowena and she confirmed it for me… he’s there.”
“The woman’s right, Jack, come on!” Dean had taken out his own phone and aimed it at Jack. “I’m sending these to Bobby, Jody, and Donna.”
“Jack has been missing from Heaven for three days. The archangels are covering it up but I need to bring him back.”
Zayn laughed again. He seemed to laugh a lot but Jack could tell the laughter wasn’t aimed at him. Maybe Jack was amusing him.
It was the first time since he arrived that he mentioned Kelly. Of course, they knew that the kid had reunited with his mother in Heaven but to hear about it first hand was… quite touching.
Nothing was stopping them from giving Jack the life he clearly wanted. And wherever Jack was, Castiel would be there too.
After what felt like eons of being stared down by an angry hunter, Castiel felt the force holding him back weaken until it completely faded. He was free to enter. Still avoiding Dean’s eyes, he pushed past him and loudly made his way down the stairs.
So deep in thought, the angel normally wasn’t so absentminded. As a warrior, he was trained to listen and feel for every approaching footstep, as to not be ambushed on the battlefield.
Then, to his surprise, Claire snorted and broke into her first smile. “Totally embarrassing? Yeah, he was such a dork about it.”
Soon, the water stopped running, there was some shuffling, and Dean emerged from the bathroom. He silently changed into his pajamas, not looking at Sam, who was, yes, still staring at his brother.
“All of it. I want all of it. And not just with anyone. I want it with you. I want it with you and Jack. I want you here with me, doing whatever it is you like to do. Reading books or raising bees or whatever for the rest of your life. And I want Sam to go back to school and get his degree, marry Eileen, and have thirty snot-nosed kids calling me Uncle Dean. I want Jack to experience the rest of high school and go to college, if he wants to, and be whatever he wants to be. And I… I want to get a job. A real one. A stable one that makes real money. I don’t know what, yet, but I know that I want to finally have that life. The life that Azazel and Hell and Chuck and all those bastards took from us. I want that life, Cas. And I want you to be a part of that life.”
He felt pride because the man he fell in love with was considered an ideal partner for much of humanity. And if his stomach was feeling a little queasy, well, he chose to ignore it.
Miracle is running towards him, barking her head off. Laughing, Dean crouches down, carefully, and opens his arms to hold her.
From the corner of his eye, Sam could see the boy looking guilty for spilling the beans. But, Sam was glad to be aware of the reason.
“Yeah, I mean… I can’t force Dean to go out and hunt, especially right now. Pretty sure he’s waiting until Cas actually gets back but we don’t know when that is, exactly.”
Castiel paused for a second, seeming to contemplate if he should tell him or not. In the end, he did.
Whenever John dropped them off at Bobby’s, it was the only time Dean and Sam ever got three square meals a day. And, sometimes, Bobby let Dean help. Sure, it was usually just heating up a can of soup or boiling pasta that they slapped some store-bought bottle of sauce over. But, it made Dean proud to have made something that Sam eventually enjoyed eating. And Bobby always complimented him.
He tossed the phone to the side and went back to his computer. His e-mail was open and there was one from Eileen with the subject line: “For your eyes only.”
It didn’t take long for Sam to join them for breakfast, finally back from his morning run with Miracle in tow. Now that they were all there, the older Winchester took the opportunity to talk about the upcoming holiday.
Sam and Eileen entered, both dressed and ready for the day. They were grinning at Dean, who scowled in response.
Jack quickly chewed and swallowed. “Thank you for breakfast, Dean. You didn’t have to cook, I could have just had cereal.”
“No matter Jack’s intentions, we can’t let this slide, Mr. Kline,” she said. “Jack still needs to be punished. However…” This time, she appeared to soften. “Since he did try to help another student and it’s his first offense, we’re simply suspending him for the day and he will have detention for the rest of the week.”
Eileen had sent him some links. When Sam clicked on one of them and it opened a new tab that showed photos of an apartment. Two bedrooms, one bathroom, a living room, a dining room, and a terrace. It looked nice and was only forty-five minutes away.
Castiel opened his mouth to try and offer some comfort to this child he came to call his son, but couldn’t find the right words. Instead, he simply stood there, watching the boy cry. Useless.
When the car was parked, Dean wasted no time getting out and grabbing his duffle bag from the back and slinging it over his shoulder. Together, he and Sam made their way inside.
It was a little past six when the rumble of a car outside alerted them to their visitors. The table in the dining room was already set and the warm food arranged neatly by Dean.
Sam was in the war room, obviously waiting for Eileen to arrive. He seemed surprised yet pleased to see that Castiel was with her.
He saw Sam, Claire, Kaia, and Jack watching him. He realized that they were waiting for instructions.
His brother looked serious now. “You have your own life, Sammy,” said Dean. “I guess I should have expected this. I’m just pissed you waited this long to tell me. You could have moved out months ago and I’d have this whole place to myself!”
Castiel rolled his eyes at that. Clearing his throat, he approached the counter and placed his items down.
Just like their life, their relationship was simple. Mundane, sometimes. But, if Dean was honest, he wouldn’t have it any other way. Gone were the days of one night stands and denials of how he felt. He was getting too old for all that. He had gone through hell and back (quite literally) plus purgatory. He deserved this, damnit.
Here, Castiel paused, eyes closed, as if taking a moment and remembering. Then, he took a deep breath.
Castiel let out an involuntary sigh. “He… let out some of his grievances. It was quite eye-opening.”
For one, he no longer had to go on a long drive and break speeding laws in order to get to a gate in a children’s playground. There were only so many times he could keep appearing there without piquing the concerns of parents.
Sam had been surprised that Dean even knew about the sports equipment tucked away in the bunker’s storage room. Just hours earlier, his brother had emerged from the basement with a box filled to the brim with baseball gloves, bats, and balls. He had taken the gloves and the balls with them to the park so he could teach Jack how to play catch.
Quickly, he hid the post from Casey’s timeline but not before taking a photo of it on his own phone. Then, he called Dean but it went to voicemail so he just left a message that rehearsal should be finished in half an hour.
Kaia reached over and placed a hand over Claire’s, squeezing it in comfort. Claire smiled at her, a lovely smile that was so loving and tender that Jack felt like an intruder watching them. So, he turned back to his froyo to give them some semblance of privacy.
“Yes, I arrived the same time as Eileen so we came in together. I have some news.” Castiel looked behind Dean. “Where’s Jack?”
A creaking sound that could only be the bunker door opening made Sam pause, turkey bacon halfway to his mouth. Across from him, Dean also froze, his eyes moving to the doorway. Someone was in the bunker. And seeing as no other hunter had made a call to let them know they were stopping by, what they had was an intruder.
Yet, the looks on all four faces in front of him froze him on the spot. It was a mixture of excitement that reflected his own, along with apprehension from Dean, pride from Castiel, and Sam seemed close to tears.
Jack shrugged. “He was being a bully to Casey.” He spooned some froyo into his mouth, practically moaning at the sweet taste of the nougat and the crunchiness of the sprinkles.
“Jack, I know you said you wanted a break and you got it. You were gone for three days. It’s time to return.”
To his further confusion, Dean chuckled. “Ahhh, forgot you’ve got an innocent mind, kid. Your head’s not in the gutter yet like all the other kids.”
With Jack sitting across from him and Dean, it felt like nothing had changed in the past year at all, except for the dog sitting at Jack’s feet and the empty space where the fourth member of Team Free Will 2.0 usually sat.
Castiel released him, leaving his hands on the boy’s shoulders while flashing him a stern gaze. “Why did you leave?! Do you know how worried we all were?! Your mother was frantic!”
He arrived in the long empty corridors of the office-like structure that served as Heaven’s headquarters.
“I…” Castiel’s hands were linked together, white-knuckled and tight on top of his lap. “I knew that if I told you, you would worry. And, at the time, we just got Jack back. And we had Michael to worry about. I… I knew you would try to help. And, then, you would ask what my happiness was. I… I didn’t want to say it… to tell you how I feel because… I didn’t think it would happen, anyway. You were already dealing with so much, I… I didn’t want to burden you, Dean.”
Now, Claire’s familiar blue eyes being familiar to him made sense. They were Jimmy Novak’s eyes. And Castiel’s eyes.
“Oh,” was all he could manage then felt embarrassment seep in. He ran a nervous hand through his hair. “So… what did you tell him?”
It took a couple of minutes and another press before they heard a, “Coming!” from a soft feminine voice. Then, the door opened, revealing an older woman with graying hair and kind but confused brown eyes. She looked just like Kelly.
The sun was bright and high in the sky but there were a couple of clouds hanging around. For a summer day, it wasn’t uncomfortable. And, it seemed like they weren’t the only ones who had the bright idea of spending the day at the park. There were kids running around. Dogs were being walked by their owners and a couple of them hung around on the grass. Miracle was having the time of his life playing with these other dogs and chasing squirrels together.
Then, some shuffling and a loud groan announced Dean’s arrival in the kitchen. He was already dressed to drive Jack to school but his squinty eyes deemed his consciousness to still be in Dream World.
Where did Dean go wrong? What kind of friend was he? He claimed that Castiel was his best friend yet he was so oblivious to it all.
Sadness and longing emanated from the woman he had come to call his friend. She had been elated when Jack appeared in her heaven and had tried to make up for years of absence.
Dean didn’t say anything at that, simply taking a deep breath and opening his eyes. “And this is what you want?”
Castiel suddenly felt restless, shifting a bit on his feet as the woman got closer and closer. And, suddenly, she was there in front of them, smiling shyly at Dean.
But, something was niggling at his brain, not leaving him alone in peace. He couldn’t help it. After their visit to the Klines, seeing them get the closure they so needed from the loss of their daughter and grandchild, it made him think.
That silenced Sam. What?! How could the angels not like Jack?! Didn’t they once try to kidnap him so he could do what they wanted?! And, he wasn’t just powerful, he was a sweet and loving kid with a kind heart! What else could they ask for in an almighty leader?
Outside, birds sang their morning song and the squirrels chattered as they went about their business. Castiel said there was a nest of robins residing in the tree by their porch.
And, then, Eileen mentioned some hunter friends of hers getting married in Las Vegas for a case. It got this little thought lingering in the back of Sam’s mind pushing its way forward.
The door closed behind them. A woman was click-clacking away at a computer. She raised her head to greet them and ask how she could help them.
“Yes. Yes, of course, I forgive you, Dean. You’re… You raised me. And, I know, in your own way, you cared about me. I’m sorry, too. For everything.”
“I could join a Robotics Club,” piped Jack. “One of the schools Sam found for me has a team who are state champions.”
“Oh, I assist Jack. He creates the plans, I ensure that they’re taken care of. He also decided to break down the barriers that created individual heavens and has placed me in charge of the rebuilding.”
Castiel sighed. “Alright, yes, you did the right thing, Jack. But, you drew attention to yourself. You need to keep a low profile.”
Jack shrugged as he shut his locker. “Nothing really. Just hanging out with Cas, Dean, and Sam. What about you?”
The time for Castiel’s monthly report to Heaven had arrived. He left the night before and wasn’t back, yet, but he reassured them that he would be back by lunchtime. Every ticking minute that passed made Dean a little antsy but he kept a calm exterior. Sam had already asked him if he was okay last night and this morning so, frankly, it was getting annoying.
“No reason.” Claire shrugged nonchalantly but her shoulder looked tense. “It’s just… you know… strict religious upbringing. My dad instilled the fear of God in me from the moment I was old enough to understand. And then he went off to be an angel’s meat suit. He missed a lot about… me. And… I don’t know if he would have…”
The endearment just came out and instead of the weird, flopping, unpleasant feeling he used to get in his stomach when it slipped, there was only warmth now. Affection. As well as a deep feeling of joy and freedom that he finally allowed himself to have this.
Dean figured he would just ask again at another time. The important thing was that they had Castiel back and there was a higher chance of him and Jack visiting them more in the future. Everything was back the way it should be.
Dean cleared his throat, praying his voice wouldn’t betray him. “He’s looking around.” Then, going for a lighthearted, joking tone, he asked, “So I’m your uncle, huh?”
It frustrated the younger Winchester. He had no idea what was going on in Dean’s head. They had promised to try and stop keeping secrets from each other. To talk about things that bother them. But, Dean always chose to close off, and even if Sam wanted to help, he couldn’t. He just hoped that whatever this was, Dean figured it out. Or would at least talk to someone! Anyone!
He was able to hold it together in the morning during breakfast and all throughout the drive to the high school. But, as soon as Jack entered the doors of the yellow brick building and disappeared from their sights, he had slumped against Dean’s side, feeling like his legs had given out underneath him. His worries were magnified and he couldn't help but think of those movies and shows with the high school kids that included bullying and drugs and everything he wanted to protect his actually-4-year-old-son from. He wished he could accompany Jack as he navigated those halls.
Again, Dean didn’t answer for a long time. He refused to look at Sam but his jaw was tight and his grip on his mattress practically made his knuckles white.
Jack began wringing his hands, probably really nervous. Dean hadn’t seen him this nervous since he broke the news that he ran away from Heaven.
“They’re at the store,” answered Jack. “Dean needed more stuff for dinner.” He then gestured to the hand turkeys. “Do you guys want to help us put these up? I made these myself! I learned how in school!”
Giving him one last scratch on the head, Dean stood up and turned his attention back to the hallway.
“Well, if you like the type of classes they offer or if they have a winning sports team you want to be a part of. That sort of thing. We can take a tour, too, if you want. The only thing is, you have to choose soon. The new school year is starting in three weeks and we need you enrolled before then.”
“This image you see me in, Dean, it’s not really me, but I’ve grown comfortable in it. I could have chosen to leave this body at any time and take a female vessel but… I can’t. I won’t. It always felt… wrong. Like cheating in some way. Jimmy sacrificed himself to provide me with a vessel, it felt wrong to just... change. But, I also didn’t want to make you uncomfortable. So, I chose not to say a word about my feelings. It was easier that way. And it worked in our favor.”
Jack was looking out the window as they approached. The boy looked tired and his cheeks stained with tears. His gaze passed them and focused on the house. A flash of longing that was quickly replaced by resignation.
After the delicious Thanksgiving dinner (Castiel assumed since most of the food was practically devoured) and dessert consisting of two kinds of pie (apple and pumpkin), almost everyone retreated to the Dean Cave (he finally got used to calling it that) to watch a movie.
He placed his bag on a chair then stretched, feeling his muscles pop in a pleasurable manner. For a second, he considered meditating and talking to Amara to get her opinion. But, if Dean was already grabbing Sam and Castiel, Jack didn’t want to keep them waiting.
Jack beamed and wrapped him in a hug, the hot bag of Chinese food in his hands bumping against Dean’s back. Dean looked up and caught Castiel’s fond gaze. The angel was holding a similar bag.
Finally, Sam looked up, meeting his eyes. There was apprehension there, some fear, and a little hope.
Dean’s brother never truly left the hunting life. Sam was good at it and loved it more than Dean ever did. Besides, he had Eileen as a partner, this time, in more ways than one. They worked together like a well-oiled machine, Dean was loathed to admit. But, Sam was happy and Eileen took good care of him and always had his back – that was enough for the older Winchester.
His brows were furrowed, his lips in a firm line, and his arms were crossed over his chest. He didn’t look happy, which confused Castiel even more. And which Hedwig was he referring to? The snowy white owl from “Harry Potter” or the genderqueer singer from the musical?
Dean didn’t get what the big deal was. Sure, he wore that snazzy tie that one time because Sonny got it for him and he wanted to look good for Robin. But, he supposed times have changed since he had to go to a Dance.
Jack took a step back to introduce them. “Kaia, this is my friend, Casey. Casey, this is Kaia. And…?”
The feeling of warmth was spreading all over his body, from the tips of his toes to his reddening cheeks and ears. His heart was pumping hard and fast against his chest, as if it wanted to jump out and dance all over the table like kids from “The Breakfast Club.”
Dean turned the knob and pushed the door open. His finger had already squeezed the trigger before his eyes and his brain fully took in the figure in front of him. Luckily, iron bullets never had an effect on angels.
The two of them watched as Jack dug into his waffles, eagerly. He had smothered them in maple syrup and powdered sugar. Normally, Sam would say something about his teeth rotting. Jack had an uncontrollable sweet tooth (which kind of reminded him of Gabriel but, then again, the two
Thus, the first week with Jack in school passed and they celebrated the end of it with pizza and game night in the War room. Castiel discovered that he, Sam, and Eileen were rather good at “Clue” while Dean was the worst (and a sore loser, unfortunately). Jack was just happy to play.
Jack beamed at the sight of him, immediately rushing forward to hug him. Then, noticing Eileen, he gave her a hug, too, rapidly signing to tell her how happy he was to see her again.
Dean shrugged. “I may not be holding the gun anymore but I sure as hell can teach another hunter how to kill a vampire in ten different ways.”
The next two hours were a flurry of activity in the kitchen. Pasta simmered in the pot. Chicken baked in the oven. And leaves and veggies were chopped for a salad (because Sam would complain if there wasn’t some kind of healthy food on the table).
The three still looked skeptical, flashing each other looks in that way they always did when they were having silent conversations.
He gestured to Castiel, who gave the teacher a smile. “We’re Jack Kline’s guardians. He’s a freshman.”
The three stared at him, as if he had grown a second head. Jack knew angels’ true forms could have up to five heads (Castiel, himself, had three) but since he was half-human, he didn’t have one so he knew they weren’t seeing that.
Jack didn’t move. In fact, he continued to stare at Dean with that sad puppy dog face that made the parental instincts in him rear its head.
That seemed to break Dean out of the stupor he was in. He looked at Castiel with an incredulous look before laughing. But, there was no humor in it. Having known Dean for thirteen years, Castiel could pinpoint every twitch and tell in every muscle.
Miracle whined at the loss of pets before making his way to Jack and Sam’s feet, lying down, and looking up at them with sad puppy dog eyes. Immediately, Jack reached over to lovingly scratch his head.
And, right at that moment, there was the distinct sound of a key sliding into the door and Sam looked up to see his brother amble in, looking tired. At any other time, Sam would attribute the weariness to bedroom activities, but Dean looked miserable on top of it. No after-sex glow.
But, even with the angel sitting across from him, drinking whiskey and meeting his eyes (a bit ashamed… good!), Dean still thought he was in some kind of fevered dream. For a moment, he even considered the possibility that he was on a Djinn hunt gone wrong and he was now stuck forever unless he took a knife to himself. But, he dismissed that idea fairly quickly, especially when Castiel started talking about… well… everything.
“Pshh, he deserved it,” said the girl, Casey. “Asshole’s been picking on me since middle school. He got it coming!”
Shuffling awkwardly on his spot by the stairs, Dean caught Castiel’s eyes. The angel was standing by the war table, looking at him, expectantly.
Male celebrities admitted that they were attracted to other men. Gay men played sports. Men married other men and had children. “Brokeback Mountain” was considered a classic romance movie. Heck, Pride parades were highly-publicized events now!
Gentle arms wrapped around him and Jack allowed himself to take in the comfort, laying his head on her shoulder.
He coughed. “Um, yeah, soup’s on!” he joked as he made his way to his seat at one of the heads, right next to Castiel, who flashed him a beaming smile.
“Everything. You make Jack breakfast and lunch everyday. You drive him to school and pick him up. And Sam helps him with his homework. I… admit, I’m rather clueless about these things. I should be doing them as his father but you’ve taken the responsibility that was meant to be mine.”
Castiel managed to maintain a neutral front even as his stomach lurched unpleasantly. Were teachers even allowed to make such advances on parents? It seemed so inappropriate.
“It is plenty of time. To my knowledge, humans spend at most ten months in school per year. Jack has an extra two months. That’s more than sufficient for him to experience how it is to be a human child.” To this, Gabriel’s gaze softened with sympathy. “We can’t be without God for too long, Castiel. You know this.”
Well, that was mildly comforting. Dean didn’t really hold up any hope that Adam would call. He might not want anything to do with Dean or Sam. If there was anything Winchester-like about Adam, it was probably holding grudges. Sam was more optimistic when Dean told him about it but he wasn't gonna hold his breath on it.
I realized that, as my habit, I ended up writing more than I intended, so I've added the "slow burn" tag, just in case.
“I know… but I still want it.” He looked down, avoiding Castiel’s gaze. "I want to be selfish about this one thing. I’ve never asked for anything before.”
Dean wasn’t deterred, though. He kept pinning Castiel down with steely green eyes. They often reminded the angel of fresh grass in the morning, when the blades sparkled with dew. He could get lost in them forever, but now was not the time.
"Julie and the Phantoms" doesn't have a second season... yet. I'm manifesting it into the universe. Jack would be fascinated by the concept and he'd bop to the music. Dean won't admit it but he thinks the tunes are catchy, too.
“You know, Jack, you also look older than a high schooler,” said Sam. “Since you only got a year, we can enroll you for 12
The darkness made way to light. Soon, Jack felt his sneakered feet hit sand. In the distance, he spied a soft blue sky, clear of clouds, with the beating sun at its corner and underneath it was a vast sparkling blue ocean.
“Brother, everything will be alright,” Michael reassured him. “We’ve run Heaven by ourselves before. We can do it again. And, this time, we have help.”
The warm blood running down his back and the excruciating burning pain somewhere near his spine only confirms that he got himself into a situation that he has no way out of. He’s been stabbed and burned so many times that he’s almost numb to the idea that he’s not long for this world.
Lazily running a hand through his hair to give it some semblance of order, Dean entered the kitchen with a loud yawn.
“My son is just a kid,” Kelly intervened this time. “He wasn’t supposed to be born older than his actual age. I know he did it for me. But, at the end of the day, he’s only four years old, Raphael. He should be discovering the world for the first time, taking it in and learning about it, not ruling it. I wasn’t opposed, at first, because he insisted that he was needed to do this. He wanted to do this. But, now, he’s not happy anymore. I’m his mother and I want him to be happy.”
Dean hung up and scooped another spoon of ice cream into his mouth. He looked up to see Castiel and Jack watching him.
Castiel felt oddly disappointed that Dean didn’t offer him a hug. In fact, they hadn’t hugged at all since his re-appearance. Maybe Dean was still angry at him. Or, maybe he was uncomfortable showing Castiel any sort of affection, now that Dean knew of his feelings. It was understandable, though a bit sad. If Castiel had known their last hug was it, he would have held him longer. But, there was no use dwelling in broken hearts. He had a mission.
She waved a hand in dismissal before removing her flip-flops and plopping on the sand. She patted the space next to her and he, too, sat and removed his sneakers and socks. The sand was warm under his feet and the sand tickled between his toes. It was nice.
Dean had to get it out now before he lost his balls. Before he became a coward again. Before he let Castiel go again.
“Turkey bacon for our health nut,” he said, placing it down. “He and Eileen better wake up soon or they’ll miss you.”
“It wasn’t a big deal, okay?” Dean mumbled, fighting a blush as he shoved another spoon into his mouth and chewed aggressively.
“And thank you for reminding me about the sunscreen, I bought a new bottle the other day.” Dean turned his attention to Jack again. “Jack, they might take you outside for gym class. Now, I don’t care if you’re God, we do not risk skin cancer in this family. You’re wearing that shit. Be right back.”
Good-naturedly, Zayn simply ruffled her hair and slapped Jack on the back before wishing them both a good weekend and heading off to practice.
Dean would make fun of Sam for thinking this but seeing Eileen, even if it was through a phone screen, still made his heart stutter with joy. He came so close to losing her and he would be damned if he let her go. She was it for him.
There it was. The words “Missing Person” emblazoned on top in red blocky letters and underneath that, was a photo of a smiling Kelly Kline followed by a contact number for relaying any information. Casey must have recognized her from the photo in his locker.
The angel looked down at the table, avoiding Dean’s gaze again. “I’m sorry, Dean. I… Jack had given a select group of angels the task to receive prayers and fulfill them if needed. I can no longer hear prayers… not even yours.”
Jack missed this. And he couldn’t wait to have dinner with all three of them again. But, first, there was something he needed to do.
Out in the hall, the two students earlier were still there, even though the hallways were now empty. They perked up when they saw Jack who, in turn, looked surprised to see them.
“Oh, uh, it depended on the school. You know, we moved around a lot so it was impossible to be in any sort of sports team. But, I was in the science club a few times. Even did theater.”
He’s tired of hospital food. He’s tired of only seeing the four white walls of his room and, occasionally, the tiny hospital garden that Sam and Castiel would take him to when he was feeling bored.
But, before Dean could ask him to explain what he meant by that, Castiel finally walked up to them, a few t-shirts and what looked like sweatpants draped over his arm. He flashed a fond smile at Jack and nodded in approval at the shopping bag before turning to Dean.
Two weeks before Thanksgiving, Sam got a surprise call from Jody. Dean thought she was just confirming that she and the girls would still be coming down to spend the holidays with them. But, no, it was about a case.
“We got a visit a couple of years from someone who said he knew Kelly,” said Mrs. Kline as she sat. “At first, we thought he was sincere but we found out that no one knew he was. Kelly’s work said she disappeared and might be dead. That’s not true, right, agents?”
A high school dance was most definitely different from the movies yet still profoundly the same. There are children in all manners of formal dress. Teachers and parents in every corner, watching them interact like hawks watching their prey. The food provided were simple finger treats, not really conducive to a healthy diet for growing bodies. And the music was whatever was popular on the radio, based on Dean’s disgusted reaction to the current song playing. It was rap and Castiel had to strain his ears to understand the lyrics. He didn’t see the words worthy of repeating out loud.
Eileen’s curious face was immediately replaced by shock and then elation. She quickly parked, got out of the car, and jogged up to the smiling angel.
“You know, I haven’t been his father for very long. And, I admit, I’ve made mistakes. The parenting books all say there’s no such thing as a perfect parent, that we’re all doing our best. But, I suppose, nothing really prepares you for the moment when your child, himself, tells you that you failed and that they’re not happy. And, you, as a parent, know that you contributed to their unhappiness. You want to fix it but you don’t know if you can.” He groaned, closing his eyes and rubbing his fingers over them. “Being a father is hard, Dean. But, I love Jack so much and I want him to be happy.”
Finally, Dean spoke. “Nah, you can go back to the others. There’s more beer in the fridge if you want. Juice for the kids, too. Don’t take the grape, though, that’s for Jack’s lunch.”
Dean whistled, finally entering the kitchen to take a look. One box was labeled “apple” and the other “blueberry.”
Sam sighed, not really wanting to recall that awful incident months ago but found himself talking about it anyway.
It was denial, anger, bargaining, back to anger, back to bargaining, back to anger, over and over and over again until depression hit… he never even made it to acceptance.
As he tried to decide on what to do, he caught Dean’s eye from where the latter was standing at the refreshment table. He was smiling, amused, so at least Dean wasn’t mad.
“It wasn’t stupid,” Jack protested, shaking his head. “It was needed. I would have done anything to save the world.”
He needed it today. Sam and Eileen were coming over tonight and there was a lot to get done around the house.
Dean felt like all the breath had been knocked out of him, followed by twinges of guilt and remorse. He was aware of his own self-loathing, he knew he was fucked up, and he knew he had issues. He just never realized that Castiel, an Angel of Lord, could ever feel that way. Could feel so insecure that he thought he was a burden.
Sam had direction – he knew what he wanted and he was going for it and he wanted Dean to do the same. But, what did Dean want? Sure, right now, he spent his days taking care of Jack as he did with Sam when he was little. But, what about afterwards? When it was time for Jack and Castiel to return to Heaven and for Sam to move in with Eileen, what was he left with?
Dean didn’t know what to say to that but Bobby didn’t need an answer. He finished chopping the last of onions, his eyes dry and unaffected, and dropped them on the plate.
The girl who was playing Mary, Angie, huffed. “It sounds weird, Mr. Turner! Can’t we change it to, like, something simpler?”
“I’m sorry, okay?! I just… For the past fifteen years, we’ve been running around saving everyone else, saving the world. Family business and all that. We’ve died more times than we can count in both hands and we’ve lost so many people we love and care about. We put our own lives on hold for others and don’t get me wrong, I love what we do, Dean. I love helping people. But, we also need to pick our lives back up. We need to live. We fought so hard for Free Will. Why not use it? Why not build a new life and still have everything we want? We can still hunt and help other people but we can also have our own life! I know it won’t be easy and I know it might sound too optimistic, judging by all the shit we went through! But, we deserve it, Dean!”
Damnit, Dean missed that look. “We searched all the lore. Called everyone we could think of. Even considered making a demon deal to get information.”
“It’s okay, Dean,” the angel’s voice broke through the turmoil in his head. Castiel was smiling. “I never expected any reciprocation. I’m happy enough to simply be your friend.”
Okay, it wasn’t like they all sat down at dinner and placed labels on what Dean and Sam were to Jack. Castiel had always had the label of “father”, even if Jack rarely called him “dad”, so that one was a given. But Dean and Sam partially raised Jack. It may have started off rocky but they considered Jack their kid. It wasn’t like Dean was itching for Jack to call him “dad” but… well… he thought that maybe Jack would have seen him like a dad. Dean may not have made it easy for him, at first, but he thought he had made up for it… right?
Claire pursed her lips. “No, I guess not. I still remember mini-golf. Remember? When I totally kicked your ass, old man.”
The locker door dislodged and opened, showing Jack the empty space. He turned his head to see a tall, dark-haired boy, wearing a bulky jacket with the letters “JAHS” stitched on one side and “Wallace” on the other.
By the time they arrived in Denver, it was late. They checked in to a motel, pick up some food, and rested to prepare for the harrowing day they were going to have the next day. They rehearsed and went over the details of Jack’s plan one last time before going to bed.
God knows he doesn’t belong in heaven. But, then again, if Jack’s in charge now, maybe he’ll get special treatment.
Yes, Kelly should have. She was innocent in all this. A mere victim in Lucifer’s plans. She didn’t deserve to lose her life. Jack didn’t deserve to lose his mother so soon after his birth.
Sam hesitated, wondering if he was open to a potential death sentence in the hands of his big brother.
“Is that a crime?! I was just checking in! Making sure he and Jack and Miracle are fine and the bunker didn’t catch fire or something.”
Dean opened the pantry and placed the honey and apple butter inside. He scanned the shelves, wondering what he should make them for dinner.
He could smell the eggs and bacon before he even made it to the bottom of the stairs. So, at least Dean had gotten up on time. Sam could even hear him cooing at Miracle, telling the dog what a good boy he was.
Sam spluttered in response but Dean barely heard. He checked the kitchen, the Dean Cave, the bedrooms, and even the bathroom. The place was empty. Where were Castiel and Jack?!
Sam looks like he’s aged ten years as he sighs and occupies the empty chair next to the bed. “Can you not... do that again, please? I really can’t…”
So, Jack slid out of his seat with Casey’s phone in the guise of calling Dean. When he was far enough, he looked at his surroundings one more time. Everyone else was either working on something, chatting, or watching the rehearsal. No one paid him any attention so he slipped behind a pillar.
He expected Eileen to be disappointed, and maybe she was but hid it rather well. Sam was disappointed too but he didn’t see all this coming when they had made their plans. It just seemed wrong to leave now when it appeared that Jack and Castiel were officially moving back in. And with Jack going to school, they were gonna need all the help they could get.
Were they all gonna fit? Maybe they should have chosen a different place in the bunker to have dinner in.
“Either way, what’s done is done,” said Michael, taking his hand back from Raphael and folding it with his other one on top of the table. “I will not force our nephew to come back if he’s not ready. Now, we must simply think of the next steps. And, as I mentioned, we are not alone this time. We have each other.” He smiled at his brothers and Kelly. “We can all work together to ensure that Heaven will continue to run smoothly in his absence.”
She flashed Sam a strange look that included wiggling eyebrows and a wink. Sam coughed and turned red, seemingly embarrassed.
Another hour and later, the oven indicated that the turkey would be ready in about five minutes. Everything else was cooked and ready – heaping helpings of stuffing, cornbread, gravy, and mashed potatoes. Jody’s mac and cheese had been reheated and now sat on the counter beside a basket of Bess’ homemade rolls, cranberry sauce, and green beans. The wines Charlie and Stevie brought sat next to a bottle of sparkling apple cider.
(Castiel wasn’t with them on this trip, it was time for his monthly report to Heaven. Miracle had been left behind at a Doggy Day Care.)
“I see,” Castiel nodded. “Well, I’m sure you'll be able to hunt again, soon. It’s just a shame that I might not be able to join you. It’s just… Jack…”
“Would you have gotten involved with her then? If she wasn’t Jack’s teacher?” Castiel cursed his curiosity, sometimes. “Say, if you met her somewhere else? Like a bar or… a park.”
Sam slowed down and watched in amusement as Jack continued to talk to the dog as they walked ahead of him. Seeing that they were okay and Miracle wasn’t breaking away from his leash to chase a cat, he ducked into the grocery store.
“It’s yours anyway,” said the boy as he watched him pour cereal into the bowl, followed by the milk. “Sam doesn’t eat this stuff.”
“You won’t be,” Sam jumped in, immediately. “You’re better than him. You’ve already done so much good. And I’m sure Heaven is functioning great with you.”
Perhaps, Jack was overthinking? Being in high school not only expanded his education on humanity but also opened his eyes to the world of hormones, attraction, and flirtation. He still didn’t understand it most of the time but it was fascinating to watch the way relationships unfolded in front of his very eyes.
Dean knew that she would. “We’re figuring things out,” he admitted. “He… likes me. And I… I need him.”
Dean shook his head. “Look, it doesn’t matter, okay? I care about Cas and I care about his feelings. I’m not going to do anything to hurt him.”
Dean suddenly got up and ambled off to the fridge. When he returned, he had a glass of milk, which he placed next to Jack’s plate.
Even if he didn't do it, it still felt like Jack had used his powers to send him careening towards the wall anyway because the impact of those last words hurt Castiel more than any of his deaths combined.
Jack laid on his bed for a while, soaking in the morning and enjoying it. Then, a second alarm went off.
“But I couldn’t do it,” he continued. “We were right there, outside her house, and I couldn’t do it. Do you know why?”
“I want to go to school,” he confessed. “I want to learn things. About the world around me. About myself. I want to make friends. I want… I want to be just a kid.”
Luckily, Sam came to the rescue. “It’s fine, Cas, we can spare him a new set of clothes. And it’ll be fun! We can look for some new things for you, too.”
It was one of Dean’s, Jack realized. He had seen the hunter wear the Pink Floyd shirt to bed before. Now, Castiel was wearing it.
“So, uh, we have some news,” he began, flashing his girlfriend a look. She nodded at him, in encouragement. “And we wanted you two to be the first to know.”
He walked into the kitchen to see Castiel and Claire amicably chatting about “Lord of the Rings”, the books not the movies. Apparently, despite her cool demeanor and no BS attitude, Claire was a closet nerd.
Casey opened her mouth to answer and shut it again, looking bewildered at herself. “Honestly, I have no idea. I don’t do sports. I’m actually surprised you’re a jock.”
He grinned, teeth showing, and it made Castiel grin back. The heart in his vessel fluttered with warmth at the thought of Dean being happy that Castiel was around. He was touched that this man he loved was so considerate of his feelings but he wished Dean didn’t have to make such a sacrifice.
“Fiiine.” She leaned back on her chair, her feet hovering above the floor as her grip on her desk tightened. “So, I forgot to ask earlier. How did tryouts go yesterday?”
Castiel sighed, not happy about relaying this news, either. “Heaven is still recovering. We can’t afford to have you gone for too long. But, don’t worry, Michael has assigned me to be your guardian. I am to give them monthly reports about your status so I will be making frequent trips to Heaven.”
One of Castiel’s most cherished memories from when the Empy first released him was the feel of his wings on his back. His majestic wings that were damaged and burned during the Fall. One of his most prized features that he thought he would never get back again. All those years, they felt like a ghost upon his back.
In the car, Dean hummed along to the song playing – one of his tapes, if Jack wasn’t mistaken. The hunter seemed happy. At peace. Seeing him like this was getting more and more common in the last couple of months.
Castiel averted his eyes, not wanting to intrude on the intimate moment, but found himself smiling anyway. Love was a truly wonderful thing. He may not have such a love but it was enough seeing Sam, a good friend of his, have it. It was what he deserved.
Downstairs, he grabbed his house keys, clipped Miracle’s leash to her collar, and led her out of the house, locking the door behind him.
“Where the hell are you guys?!?!” shrieked Sam’s voice. “I was in the storage room organizing and when I went back upstairs, you were gone!”
Sam stared after him, blinking as his brain tried to process what just happened. For months, Dean had been adamant about not seeing anyone new. He was too busy to date, he said. He had no interest in one-night hookups anymore, he said. He didn’t want to accidentally hurt Castiel’s feelings, he said.
