Familiar… God. Where was he? Could he be… could it be? Was he finally, truly, back in London? He sat up and pressed his head to the window, keenly observing. Yes. It had to be. It looked right. It
When Winifred arrived shortly before midnight, she was surprised. She was let into the house by one of Mr Holmes’ assistants, who motioned her in with one finger across his lips. Beyond the foyer, the immense home was dark and quiet. He turned away from her and melted into the shadows. Shaking her head, she mounted the stairs as silently as she could.
I glanced at the door to Sherlock’s bedroom. I had left him in bed for the entire day and would not grow concerned until teatime. I did, of course, look in on him regularly, and he seemed to be sleeping soundly. It was not surprising, considering how hard he had pushed himself.
“Yes, that is precisely what I mean. But now—we have done it, have we not? Even with a few unfortunate… incidents, between my servants, the hired attendants, and of course the fine doctor here, for the most part it has been mostly manageable.”
Well, they might. No one really knew him that well; they might figure that along with his food issues and intense but erratic academic performance and his weird “trick” of revealing everyone’s secrets, he very well might have a predilection for bondage.
I have never put a great deal of thought into the age of our dear Mrs. Hudson. She is trim and lively; not at all dowdy or greying. I suppose I have always considered her a great deal older than I because she was so well-experienced in life—and not the least bit reticent about sharing her wisdom. It might also partly be that when she scolds us, which she does rather often, she reminds me more of my mother than anyone else. She is, indeed, very motherly to us, so it is no wonder that I presumed that, despite her only slightly-lined face, she was quite a bit older.
“I was confused a great deal of the time. I did not have a nursemaid, but the housekeeper tended to me. She was frightened. She begged for my father to send for a doctor.”
“Ge-Ni-U-S,” Mycroft translated. “So apparently his massive ego is still intact.” He would have denied it if challenged, but there was no doubt as to the pride in his voice.
“Sit here with me,” I invited—I honestly had no idea what was going to come out of my mouth until it did.
Lestrade nodded to the two men who now approached the body with a gurney and body bag. When he looked back at his odd companion, he was alarmed to see that his expression had changed once again—as had his colour. Even in the oddly-tinted glow of the street lights, Greg could see that he was going not just white but grey. Shit. Bugger was going to…
Now they were wandering, and they ended up, not surprisingly, in the library. The nurse stood at the door to the room now, leaning against the frame as his patient ran his fingers along the myriad of spines. He seemed to be looking for something specific, shaking his head and scowling as he made his way slowly around the room. Finally, just as Christopher was about to ask if he could help search, he stopped and pulled a large volume off a low shelf. He clutched it tightly to his thin chest, then seated himself at the table and opened it.
.” I nodded, quite familiar with the book—so familiar, in fact, that it had become a bit of a joke between us. Whenever faced with circumstances—mainly of Sherlock’s making—that were quite beyond what one would consider reasonable or even decent for a respectable household, she would sigh and shake her head, wondering “What would Mrs Beeton say?”
Then I admit that I was so swept up in the shock and horror of that evening, and of course observed along with you the deadly creature wrapped around my stepfather’s head—and it was entirely correct that it had indeed bitten him and injected its lethal fluid. We all saw the fang marks then, so there was no doubt.
I believe that the answer simply is that they are Sherlock’s words—and as he always did, from that very first meeting—they compliment me and confound me and insult me and embrace me; they envelop me as he did. From the very beginning I was his to do with as he wished—
He considered this and nodded, and shortly after she had gotten the tablets and some water into him, he began to look sleepy.
I sensed, however, that he was not himself, and therefore took the lead—a cloak for him, an overcoat for me, and silk hats for each of us, tickets in my pocket-book, and I literally guided him down the stairs to the street and hailed a cab. I realise now that it might have looked a bit odd, but in the moment I did not care one whit—I put one gloved hand on each of his shoulders and encouraged him to descend the stairs and head out the street door. He was so very complacent then—standing and waiting patiently as I whistled for a hansom. I had timed things generously, so we were not pressed to arrive at the theatre.
I was equally proud when he demonstrated his own bravery, as he did shortly after our slightly-less-troubled guest departed.
He nodded and I rose to fetch what I required. I glanced over at Mycroft Holmes. He had remained seated, but it alarmed me to note that he had sunk his head into his hands.
“Conundrum?” Mr. Bloom repeated. I waited for the detective to make a cutting remark—he despises this habit. I was surprised that instead, he leaned forward with that piercing look in his eyes that has, more than once, brought the most hardened criminal to his knees, babbling confessions and begging for mercy.
“Thank you,” she murmured quietly, arranging her skirt around her. “Now,” she instructed, “go fetch pencil and paper from my sitting room. We must compose an advertisement.”
My darling headed out, looking more apprehensive at the thought of purchasing pigs’ trotters than he ever had when contemplating the end of a gun barrel pointed at his head. We remained still until we heard the street door open and shut, and then gave into laughter. He could be so very ridiculous at times.
“That I did,” he murmured, and with one graceful motion he sank down in front of me and I looked down to observe his nimble, white fingers as they unfastened my trousers and skilfully freed my rigid prick from them and with one final glance up at me, his eyes glistening with mirth, his beautiful mouth engulfed me, his strong, thin fingers gripped my hips, and he drew from me
After that, he scowled at her, pushing her rudely away as he wobbled back to the sofa. He flopped onto it rather dramatically, then abruptly turned his body so he was curled up on his side, his face buried in the cushions.
But now she had stopped and told him it was time to go to sleep. He didn’t want to go to sleep. He wanted to finish the book and he let her know.
“What about your family?” Greg had been trying to get more information out of—what had he said his name was? Sherlock? Really?
“Yes. I made myself useful, of course—there is always work to do in such a household, and the other servants were perfectly happy with the extra hand. It was a pleasant place, really. Mr Simpson was quite easy to work for. Very tidy. Did not entertain much. Worked in The City most days. But he married recently, and the new Mrs Simpson had her own maid, so Mr Simpson assisted me in finding a new position.”
“My last stop was at your previous club. I spoke to the servants and members who were having lunch, and those who recalled you had nothing unpleasant to say. They seemed to understand that you had been, at that time, experiencing difficulties.”
True to his word, Mycroft entered our room after we had breakfasted. I cannot express the relief I experienced watching Sherlock eat. He did not consume a great amount, but he did manage some porridge. Despite the bandages on his hands, he was able to manage a spoon. He was moving so very slowly, still under the influence of the awful drug, and was not speaking much.
He liked snakes. They could hide almost anywhere (well, the small ones could; the gigantic ones were rather more noticeable and the one in that book that Uncle Greg had read to him alarmed him a bit), which was brilliant, and the poisonous ones—well. He was particularly fascinated by the different venoms. There were ones that paralysed and ones that sort of made all your flesh a bit mushy (like peas but not green; he hated mushy peas but liked firm, round ones that popped when you bit into them).
I spent the remainder of my day out. Frustrated at not knowing the outcome of the case, I found the details to which I was privy constantly in my thoughts. Reading of any sort—I had brought one of my yellow-backed novels and a new medical text on the treatment of diseases of the skin—was a lost cause. I found myself running my eyes over a paragraph multiple times without comprehending a single word.
Afterward, Molly wasn’t sure if she had been more startled by the fact that there was someone behind her, suddenly reflected in the mirror mounted inside the locker door—
And so we did and rose and dressed and descended to the morning room and a full breakfast, and now I write these last few words as Sherlock packs up our things (he has insisted on taking care of my items as well as his own; as he put it, it is the least he can do after everything I have done for him).
“I think he’s coming to now,” Malcolm, who was kneeling, Mycroft noticed now, with his brother’s feet propped up on his own legs to elevate them, remarked.
‘Lock stared at himself in the mirror as the steam gradually dissipated. Big Brother’s house was fancy and clean and there had been plenty of hot water in the enormous tub, and that felt very nice. The towel draped over his shoulders was soft; his dripping hair smelled lovely.
I opened the door slightly. The gas was up, and despite his claims of a draught, the room was noticeably warmer than his. As I entered, I laughed aloud with delight at the sight that greeted me.
He liked drawing better than colouring in a book. Daddy said it was because he liked to use his imagination—and that his brain was not quite like other little boys’ brains. That made him special and he liked that, too.
“You’re not concerned they’ll just use the cash for drugs?” he inquired as they made their way through the quiet streets.
Ah. At last. When I had been directed into his bedroom, only to find it empty, I knew where he was awaiting my arrival. I dropped his boots (where they would surely trip one of us—that seemed a sufficient reminder to have them tended to) and eagerly approached the door that joined our bedrooms.
“Hey! You all right?” he blurted out as he grabbed one alarmingly thin arm. The young man in front of him took a deep breath, closing his eyes for a moment. “Is it the… don’t look at it if it bothers you,” he instructed, gently turning him away from the sight of the body being lifted into the bag.
[The letter itself is attached to this particular manuscript. It has clearly been crumpled and then carefully smoothed out.]
Finally, my meal complete, I returned to my empty and lonely room. What was I going to do? Usually when I absented myself from Baker Street it was my choice and often it was the peace of solitude that I sought. This was so far from my current situation I was at a loss. I was in no mood to write up any cases, and it occurred to me that I could not have written anything about our latest one because Sherlock had never gotten around to telling me the resolution of his investigation. It had taken him such a short period of time and he had not seemed terribly impressed with himself, so it must not have been very intriguing. Mundane, he had said. Perhaps painfully obvious.
As the clock struck five o’clock, I smiled as our landlady re-entered our sitting room. “I thought a bit of claret-cup would be refreshing,” she remarked, bringing in a tray. “And I’ve got some lovely light biscuits if you are interested.”
“I could not bear to put you in such jeopardy, Watson,” he told me whilst our client listened with her eyes wide. “That is why I insisted you remain in your chair—at what I judged to be a safe distance—whilst we awaited the serpent.”
“I have observed these behaviours in men and women many times,” he explained. “I did not understand the significance at first, but after you and I... after you explained certain facts of life to me, I realised what those reactions in those settings actually signified. When I saw Mr. Bloom’s reaction to my touch and considered it along with the other factors I have already mentioned, I was certain.”
So, it did not occur to me before we parted that morning that there was something not quite right about the entirety of Mr. Holmes’ deductions. When it did, it was upon my first return to the house after the event, and I was involved with the arrangements for my stepfather and a great deal of legal paperwork, not to mention the undeniably odd task of ridding the household of those horrible creatures which roamed it so freely.
The doctor examined it. “Do you use cello tape at all?” he wondered. Despite his steady surgeon’s hands, his attempts at gift wrapping seemed to use miles of the stuff.
“Can you watch him a few minutes? I have to check on something,” the nurse had requested, and she had nodded. He had gone back and retrieved the atlas; he had noted what page had frightened the thin man so much, and now he examined it more carefully. It was a map of western Europe—the familiar shapes and names of the countries didn’t tell him anything. Shelving the book once again, he returned to the kitchen and was now observing his patient in some amazement.
“Yes, Sherlock—John. Dr John Watson.” He stopped himself from saying more; he wanted to see what else his brother could produce.
More slowly, he removed the paper, revealing a wooden box, which he carefully opened. “A telescope! A real telescope!” He immediately pulled it open and put it to his eye, swinging it around the flat. “Wow! This is awesome! I can watch for whales and sharks and ships and…” He paused and lowered the brass and leather object. “What’s the last one?” he wondered, dropping the telescope into his lap and reaching for it.
She had been a nurse for many years; she specialised in patients with traumatic brain injuries from accidents; illness; stroke. She had seen it all—a woman unable to recognise her husband, children, or parents; an up-and-coming footballer with constant tremors, slurred speech, and a ruined career; a fifty-something, Oxford-educated businessman who now spoke with what could be called a Norwegian accent.
Not even when Sherlock almost managed to break away from the medical staff attempting to inject him with a tranquiliser.
He had made it as far as the wall and, crouched in the shrubbery, was observing it to see the best place to scale it. There, he thought to himself, nodding. There was a young tree close enough to make it possible for him to climb up it and then swing himself to the top of the wall. He knew that he would set off the motion sensors, but by then he’d have dropped to the other side and would hopefully be out of reach.
“I do enjoy your stories, Doctor,” he admitted. “Did you send your latest manuscript off?” (He was referring to the story I had distracted Sherlock with on the day of our “departure.”)
Then I had begun on the silver. There were multiple forks, knives, and spoons, set fastidiously on either side of the plate. I had no idea what some of the forks in particular were for—I knew there was a special knife and fork for fish, and one type just for oysters. I found it rather ridiculous but I knew that to some people it was terribly important to know which fork was for meat and which for cake.
Sherlock nodded indulgently, a slight smile on his lips. “Yes. I am not a student of human behaviour as is my dear friend here, but I do find myself intrigued by this conundrum.”
He truly injured himself last night. When they brought the supper he suddenly, with no warning, announced that he was departing for America—that very moment.
He cut me off with a sharp wave of his hand. “That is precisely why I need to see him,” he informed me, and before I could respond to that, he turned and strode directly into Sherlock’s bedroom, once again without knocking.
But perhaps this time you will not return. I startle at every ring of the bell, believing that you have finally sent someone to collect your things and take you away entirely. I have no delusions about your accepting this, my apology, no matter how sincerely I mean it. I believe that I have irretrievably damaged our relationship this time.
I have been quite erroneous in my impression, a point that was made rather poignantly clear that evening.
It was a few hours later. My room was still comfortable—being situated so that it did not receive morning or evening light directly and I having left the curtains mostly shut regardless. The sultry aspect of the day had apparently passed. I could feel a slight breeze through my open window—it promised a light summer rain that would be the very definition of refreshing.
The nurse looked across the table. “He’s not usually like this, is he?” she asked Mycroft, watching him slowly dip an orange segment first into the tea and then into the jar of marmalade. “I know who he is, and that he’s been gone for a long time. His physical condition speaks for itself. I don’t need to know any more about that, but I do need to know about his usual behaviour so I can note any signs—well, any
Really? The scene that he took in with once sharp glance made him sigh. There was David, one of his oldest assistants, and Malcolm, the gardener. Both men were kneeling, one on either side of… really?
I had not thought to send a message to Mrs. Hudson warning her of my arrival, which was not very wise of me, for as I was using my key to gain entry I was greeted with the quite alarming sight of our intrepid landlady bearing down upon me with an extremely heavy umbrella.
“What do you think, Sherlock?” the handsome, muscular man with the expressive brown eyes asked. “Want to get out from under Big Brother’s feet?”
Damn. She fell to her knees, grunting slightly. She peered beneath the bed. He was flat on his stomach, his face pressed to the floor and his long arms wrapped around his head. “It’s all right, love. You’re safe. Why don’t you come out?” she tried. “I know waking up in a strange place can be confusing, but you’re all right.”
“Yes, I do know that. Forgive me. My husband is correct—my thoughts are disordered. I am unable to act as wife or mother.”
them—whether or not you understood them. That is what I have been trying to explain. Sherlock, I have said this before. We are healthy men. I have urges. You have urges. It is completely normal.”
It was very shortly after I had stretched out that I heard our landlady enter the house. The heat having apparently paralysed the entire city, the street was oddly quiet even as we entered mid-afternoon, and so there was not the usual cacophony of Baker Street to override any noise within the house. I could hear the creak of her basket as she put it on the table in the hall. There was a pause and I knew that she was removing her hat. It was highly unlikely (an impossibility, as far as I was concerned) that she had to divest herself of any wrap, and my supposition was apparently correct, as immediately I heard her head towards the stairs that led down to the kitchen.
She considered this. It might make things go a bit easier if she got chummy with him—and she did love chocolate mousse. “Oh, why not?” she smiled insincerely.
I have managed to sleep a bit and had some lunch. I called out to my friend and, although he did not open the door, his voice politely declining to join me for a meal was reassuring. I know that the door is not locked, but I respect that it is closed and do not wish to disturb him further.
“Oh… yes. Yes, I could help a bit. It would have to be at the slow hours for the shop, when the boy (she tipped her head toward the young man, swathed in a waist-to-floor apron, who was sweeping the floor in a thoughtful manner) can manage on his own.”
Sherlock was exactly as I described with her—solicitous and kind. For all that he describes himself as not trusting the fairer sex, he certainly makes exceptions. He responds so beautifully to intelligence, sensibility, and bravery. I am always so very proud of him when he openly admires anyone, but particularly a woman. I could tell that he was impressed with Miss Stoner’s attention to detail, even as she shared the awful story of her sister’s death.
Mycroft wasn’t sure if the rubber band, the paper clip, and the drinking straw that had been found in the pocket of the shredded jeans his brother had been wearing would be of any help. When he had been picked up, they were quite literally the only things that he had had in his possession.
He made his way back to the sofa, lurching from the support of the wall and stumbling until he was able to drop down onto it. The woman—a nurse—sat beside him and handed him the glass. He frowned as he attempted to control his hand—it was shaking so badly that he nearly spilled the water—and she matter-of-factly reached over and, with wonderfully cool fingers, supported and guided it until he could sip a bit.
“Oh… of course,” I managed. “Forgive my manners. Please have a seat. Would you like some coffee or tea?”
“As has been proven this past fortnight, even if my brother should be stricken as horribly as our poor mother was in her later years, I have the means to manage him here, in our family home. There might be some improvements that would need to be made to ensure his safety, but those could be easily accomplished should they become necessary.”
“My dear friend, I sometimes cannot fathom you. You always seem undisturbed by the horrendous acts of violence and greed you encounter in your cases, but I know now that that is not the truth. You feel these things quite deeply. Why do you think you need to act so coolly?”
“That’s right. Go back to sleep,” the voice said, tucking the blanket over him as he slid down onto the cushions.
He now absolutely refused to look at me, going so far as to turn his head away when I tried engaging his attention. It was of interest to me that, even when repulsing my efforts at contact so vigorously, he did not actually shut his eyes. He never seemed to shut his eyes. He would not—or possibly could not—sleep.
“The sergeant filed his report,” Thomas reported. “He’s been making inquiries to other stations, trying to find out who ‘Uncle Greg’ might be.”
“I do not wish to leave you here alone if you are not yourself,” he pursued, his brow furrowed in concern.
He ended up sitting on the floor on a few cushions, facing the fireplace, as was his wont, and I sat back in my chair. He fidgeted with his pipe. “What do you wish to know?” he finally asked, getting his pipe drawing properly.
“It’s not always that easy, Sherlock,” I growled, growing impatient with him. “You evoke quite strong sensations in me—you know that you do.”
The handwriting was neat; feminine but firm. Clearly educated. The stationery seemed nondescript; neither coarse and cheap nor thick and expensive. The ink did not seem remarkable either. The postmark showing the post office, date, and time it had been posted did not immediately tell me anything beyond those dry facts, but I knew that I could refer to it if it proved necessary.
And sometimes it was—as it had been this morning—standing on the pavement staring up at the roof of Bart’s, phone pressed to his ear, begging him over and over.
He tore his gaze away from his brother and turned to her. If she didn’t know better, she would have sworn that there was a foreign look to his eyes—an unusual wet glimmer. He cleared his throat and replied, quietly, “He said
The other half was driving or walking through parts of London he was horrified to acknowledge the existence of.
The voice was what got his attention first. He had been standing at the DI’s side as he reviewed what they had found at the scene with the forensics team. He was listening intently, hoping to add to the conversation, when something distracted him. He frowned and leaned closer.
He bellowed—a wordless, meaningless sound—trying to jerk his arms out of the embrace of the large man behind him.
I laughed aloud. He was so very droll; how could I get irritated? I retrieved his Persian slipper and prepared my pipe. I lit a match and got it going before opening the next note, which had been tucked into the embroidered slipper—I was careful to brush the bits of tobacco back into it rather than on the floor.
He sighed and trudged down the hallway, his boots making odd squelching noises. When he was clean I would insist that he scrub the floor as well. He slammed the door of the bath-room shut and I heard the taps go on.
“Well, yes, of course. Walking is not only going to be painful but will likely increase the swelling—and the last thing your burned skin needs is to be stretched further. You must not just avoid walking on it, but keep it raised.”
“I’m Lilly,” she supplied. “I know you’ve had a lot of nurses in to take care of you. I’m the newest, that’s all. What are you up to?”
She had signed the confidentiality statement with alacrity; this was bound to be an interesting case. That her patient was housed not in a hospital but in a private home that was more secure than Buckingham Palace—intriguing. That he turned out to be a strung-out, PTSD victim of horrific bodily abuse—well.
distress,” I surprised myself by admitting. “I have never seen him so completely baffled. He tries very hard, but no matter the effort, he cannot calm himself. It is so rare that Sherlock Holmes does not accomplish what he sets out to do that I believe he is utterly confounded. This adds to his anguish tenfold—his
“Because I am awful and difficult and distress people and have no control over these fits…” He collapsed down onto himself again, hiding his beautiful features from my eyes.
Winifred had been observing her patient with concern. While under the influence of the sedative, he had slept, his breaths slow and deep. But now it was wearing off, and, although still asleep, he was becoming agitated. She turned on the bedside lamp.
And what about Dad? Mummy was the genius (mathematics was her particular field, of course), but Dad had insight into human character and behaviour that he sometimes envied. It wasn’t based on observation and deduction the way he and Sherlock understood and practiced it, but somehow, at times, it was even better.
His driver’s statement nearly startled him. Nearly. He caught himself, hiding his reaction and considering his response as he poured himself a cup of tea. Composed once again (Did tea actually fix everything? Perhaps it did), he replied coolly, “He may be a bit dependent on me at the moment, but as he heals, he will go back to resenting my presence in his life. I believe giving him some independence will actually be a help.”
“I… did not mean to be so vocal about my… I try not to be...” he attempted to explain himself, and I was taken aback by his admission.
“Not bad, little brother,” he whispered as he watched her get herself to her feet, coughing. “All right?” he asked the nurse insincerely. “Why don’t you take him down to the kitchen and see what Mrs Parker has made for him to eat.”
“The cook was always shouting orders. Not in a cruel way—it was just that he was rather deaf. He was actually quite a nice man who enjoyed teaching others cookery. I learned all the basics from him and he even had me do some of the food preparation.”
Mummy? Dad? No—they had given up fighting his food preferences since… well, since before he could remember.
The morning of the seventh day, he rose not long after I did and joined me for breakfast. He was still having trouble eating, but he did try. I was so very proud of him.
He turned and looked keenly at his brother, and I have rarely seen such anger in him. “If I agree, what will happen?” he asked—rather cleverly, now that I consider it.
He cracked open his egg carefully; he felt uncharacteristically clumsy and he hoped that no one had taken notice. He wondered what was wrong with him.
“I used to—years ago. It was quite elegant. Antique, made probably 1895 or thereabouts. It was a Christmas gift from Mycroft just before my fifteenth birthday.”
I shifted him in my arms so I could see his face, and I kissed his high, white forehead. “No, my love,” I assured him. “For I felt exactly the same."
Why not? I did as had been suggested. He had even left me my current book so I could read while enjoying my refreshment. When I was done, I removed my boots, deposited them by the door, and discovered a third note inside my left slipper.
Devoured it, really. He is of course a very fast reader (not that I am slow) and made a remarkably quick but thorough study of the dreadful piece of correspondence. When he was done, he sank to his knees again and gently caressed my face. “Oh, John. You have had a terrible shock. What shall I get you? Do you want tea? Brandy?”
He seemed content during the performance; he was not perhaps quite as entranced as he sometimes became, but he was still and attentive. There was an interval, during which I sought out the gents, but he remained in his seat, motionless and silent.
The last time he had gotten a new suit he had been with… He had been with Sherlock—had been taken shopping by him, actually. They were going to be attending some fancy dinner at his brother’s and Mycroft had apparently suggested that the doctor’s wardrobe was not up to snuff.
I had been away attending to a patient—a neighbour with a bad chest—and had left Sherlock to his own devices for several hours. He had been in an excellent mood, somehow enjoying an expansive breakfast whilst simultaneously rattling on about some test or other than he anticipated perfecting that very day.
“Sherlock, although expressing discomfiture upon the subject of having—or not having—children is not common, for some, it can be an awkward subject. You yourself are extremely uncomfortable discussing anything about how babies come into the world.”
“I am sorry about all the bother,” Mycroft apologised uncomfortably. It was so rare for him—both the feeling uncomfortable and the apologising.
After dinner, the three of us retired to the billiards room. It surprises me that Mycroft Holmes has a room so equipped, but when I mentioned it, Sherlock reminded me that the house had been in the family for generations and that their father was of a more outgoing nature than either of them. I enjoyed the cigar the elder brother offered me, and encouraged my friend to indulge as well, and they watched as I took a few practice strokes on the fine table.
[At this point the doctor apparently paused in his writing. As so often happens, when he takes up his pen again, his handwriting—which had grown a bit ragged with emotion—is more firm and decisive.]
“Good job, mate,” Solomon praised the silent man, who was thoughtfully licking the spoon of the last of the chocolate mousse.
She bit her lip to avoid responding the way she really wanted—a few halting words and phrases were hardly at the level of his infamously rapid and seemingly endless monologues. How he could still not control what he used to refer to as his “transport” as he had once done. The trembling of the once surgeon-steady, elegant hands. How frequently he was being sick, and not always getting to the loo in time. How the almost frighteningly brilliant mind was now a jumbled, paranoid mess that could not always discern what was real and what was not. How he reacted to his hallucinations and terror with either horrifying violence or a complete withdrawal from the world.
He discovered them in the library. That was no great surprise. After the kitchen, that was Sherlock’s favourite room in the house. He paused in the hallway outside.
I laughed. He was clearly intent on being stubborn, and it was most certainly not the first time we had had quite different views on this particular subject. “Does there have to be a reason other than I wished to try something new?” I reasoned.
“Why should I?” he snarled. I winced at his tone. He suddenly turned and began pacing, the papers he had been examining forgotten. I am not certain, but I believe I made a discouraged noise in my throat as he resumed his incessant motion. I had hoped—up until that moment—that he had fallen as low as he was ever going last evening and was truly headed towards wellness.
“How shall I begin?” I managed, and it was not a rhetorical question. I wanted the dreadful encounter—the entire issue—over and done with.
God, John missed him. He was not gay. He had never—not before Sherlock—even fantasied about being with another man—but now, there was nothing unless it included ivory skin, dark curls, and a baritone voice that sent shivers straight through him.
I led him into his bedroom and got him tucked into his bed and left him to enter my own, knowing that he would not sleep. I left our adjoining door open, of course.
He took the few steps necessary to bring him in front of me. “Why, yes, I did,” he agreed, licking his lips. “And then what?”
The cold tongue and joint were delightful. She had been correct about not awaiting Sherlock’s return. I had had no breakfast nor lunch—my appetite being blunted by the heat and by my apprehension—but now I was feeling much more myself. When I was replete, I covered the remainder of the meal and placed it on the sideboard; perhaps Sherlock would like something to eat upon his return.
Anthea, standing quietly to the side, endlessly texting, paused for the briefest moment and would swear that it was to get something out of her eye—an eyelash, perhaps. A bit of dust.
I had purposely closed the door between my own room and Sherlock’s rather loudly to alert him of my movements. A moment later, Mrs. Hudson was knocking energetically on the door that separated Sherlock’s bedroom from our sitting room. “Mr. Holmes!” I heard her call out. “There’s a gentleman here who is quite insistent that he consult with you immediately.”
Sometimes the word buoy me up and bear me on a wave of joy to heaven, and sometimes they drag me down to the depths of despair I did not know existed outside of Dante.
Then the problem of the lack of interesting cases had been solved by a rather grisly series of crimes, and he began to observe the detective occasionally pausing while examining a crime scene and, just for a moment, focusing on the ornaments or holly branches or fairy lights, a thoughtful if somewhat puzzled expression on his face.
“You like fish and chips,” Mycroft pointed out. “Mrs Parker had them brought in especially for you.” Not that he had anything like that on his own plate, of course. Fried foods of any sort were not on his diet. “Even if you do put far too much vinegar on your chips. Eat some fish.”
“He was stretched out on the floor, and he put his head down for a bit, and he fell asleep like that. I don’t know what woke him—I think he was dreaming—but he absolutely flipped out.”
She was one of those nurses who says “we”—as in “How are we doing this afternoon?” when it was obvious that she was doing just fine and Sherlock—and anyone else in the house with him—was exhausted, tense, and miserable.
“It’s this damn… excuse me, my dear lady. It’s this abhorrent heat. I was taken over queer at the scene of a very odd break-in and was forced to take my leave of Mr. Holmes mid-investigation.”
She blinked in surprise, and for a moment I was afraid that she would end the interview or at least protest his question, but I should have had faith that he was in complete control, and I admit to feeling a thrill as she rose to his bait.
“Can’t remember anything,” he had insisted over and over, sounding alternately frustrated, angry, and discouraged. Now he pushed himself away from the table and began to pace. “Anything… away, but home… I know home. My suits and my violin and my microscope and my dressing gowns and… my landlady and… my skull…”
“He did,” I supplied, intrigued as much at the interaction of the two brothers as by whatever it was that Mycroft had reconsidered. “Should I fetch pen and paper and record this moment for posterity?”
“We started playing because you get so wound up you make yourself ill. You don’t take care of yourself and don’t let me or Greg take care of you.”
“No, he’s not usually like this,” the elder brother responded despondently, watching him as he tentatively bit into the orange segment; chewed and swallowed slowly.
The older brother carefully refolded the paper and slid it into his own pocket—when what he really wanted to do was to take a thick, black marker and write JOHN across the sprawling, ill-formed letters. If Sherlock’s desperation to see the doctor couldn’t get him to remember his name, what would?
The drawing under his hand frightened him and he threw the red crayon away as hard as he could before tearing the paper to bits.
“These periods of mania of this intensity are rare for him, fortunately. I have not seen him this bad for quite some time.”
And there he was, hanging out of the window—quite literally. He was balanced on the sill—sitting on it—the entire upper part of his body suspended over the ground outside it. He was gripping the frame tightly with one hand, the bony knuckles white, as with the other he held his glass and minutely examined—something.
“Yes, John. That is very thoughtful of you. Mycroft will take care of it until I am well enough in my current state I might very easily damage it…” He managed to stop himself from starting off on another ramble.
“Do you think your trousers will ever come clean?” I wondered, continuing to move the cloth across his skin.
“Of course, we must go. It we do not, it will appear that she has been correct in her accusations and has frightened you into hiding.”
!” He ended his statement vehemently, and I pressed down on his thin back to prevent him from leaping up from my lap. I was shaken.
Most importantly, what Mrs. Harold Bloom could not prove was the final statement in her vicious piece of correspondence, and what was, of course, our paramount concern—that the great detective and I were deviants.
“You had a complete disregard for the wholesome home Mrs. Watson established for you.” She directed this at me, of course.
I did not receive a response of any sort. Manners be damned—I opened the door unbidden. Sherlock was sitting at his dressing table (being in his bedroom was still a bit of a novelty at that point—I am not certain what fascinated me more—the portraits of criminals that lined the walls or the theatrical make-up and paraphernalia that covered his dressing table), his elbows on the table and his face in his hands. He did not flinch or indicate in any way that he was aware of my entrance. That was enough to propel me across the room (his dressing table was, as it is still now, tucked behind his bed) and next to him.
“I am just a bit taken aback,” I admitted. “I will be honest—and a bit churlish. I believed that it had happened much longer ago.”
“You are so slight I will hardly feel it,” I assured him, quite honestly. “Come, now. I promise it will calm you.”
Please do write back to me and tell me what I can do to rectify my oversight. I do not wish for the reputation of Mr. Holmes or yourself to be soiled by this error.
Now, on Sunday afternoon, watching Mary pour tea in her sitting room, his discomfort and sympathy for the nurse resurfaced.
Greg thought about that conversation often over the next five years. The young man seated next to him (he started his motor and turned on the car’s heat when he began to shiver) had launched into the most amazing description of his theory—how someone was doing valuations on expensive homes as a way of scouting out small, portable valuables, then hiring people to burgle them (he would obviously be taking note of security systems as part of his assessment), then having the burglars killed off after a few jobs, presumably to keep them from talking, exposing themselves or him, or possibly to prevent pilfering some of the stolen goods and keeping it for themselves. The body that had been discovered that night certainly bore part of that theory out—he still had in his possession one of the six priceless rings stolen two days prior. That the object hadn’t been retrieved was likely due to the killer being interrupted.
I snorted. Meretricious—there was no indication of the sender on the envelope in which the bill for my boots was contained. No indications that I could detect, at least. I examined it more closely. Other than the postmark showing from where and when it had been posted, I had no idea. I would allow him to tell me later and praise him for his genius, of course.
His piercing eyes swept the hallway, taking in everything, a look of intense concentration on his face. He now glared at the nurse.
Greg’s eyebrows shot up for an instant and Sherlock snorted. “I suppose you want me to open that one so you can find out what you got me,” he commented drily.
When she had first entered his room; he was seated cross-legged on his bed, fidgeting with something. What was he doing? She leaned over him and he shied away, frowning at her.
“John,” he responded, looking into my eyes, “you wouldn’t let him do that, would you? Mycroft, John would not allow you to do so.” He sounded haughty and self-assured, but his expression was stricken.
“I told you—I forgot. I was reading in bed when I recalled a piece in the newspaper I wished to re-examine, and I went out to find it. I did find it, but then I began reading it and I forgot.”
“He has been admirably solicitous and somewhat calm—somewhat—but I know how upsetting events of this sort are to him.”
Or is it because that is the way he would have wished me to be—stoic when presenting myself to the public? Brave and steady and calm in the face of danger?
“He’s not as careful as he should be about himself, sometimes. Sherlock, sit down and finish your soup. Do you want something else? A pear?”
“I have an older brother who is currently not my problem, nor am I his.” The shrug of careless disregard was rather theatrical.
It amused me that he had signed it; as if there could be any possible question as to who had written it. I entered, closing the door behind myself. As I tossed my bag to the floor and hung my overcoat, I noted that I was alone. No Sherlock in evidence. Perhaps he had gone out (after eating all the cake). He had apparently successfully completed his experiment—his work-table was relatively tidy and there were sealed envelopes with mysterious notes written on each, apparently documenting his results. I turned my attention to our dining-table. There was, as promised, some lovely bread-and-butter, and the tea pot under its cosy was still warm. I seated myself.
I was startled by the sight of my friend, clad now in a dressing gown, being propelled into the sitting room by his brother’s hand on his elbow. He walked unsteadily, his head down, and allowed the older man to escort him to his favourite chair. He immediately curled up in it, his legs drawn up and his arms around them, hiding his face on his knees as he so often did.
I was a bit puzzled, therefore, when I found the door to our sitting-room closed. There was a note affixed to it. I detached it and unfolded it. It was covered in Sherlock’s distinctive handwriting, and I have preserved it here.
Molly nearly shrieked as her mobile, in the pocket of her lab coat, suddenly began to play “Funeral March of a Marionette.” She fumbled it out and stared at the caller ID.
This is the last that I will write here in what has been, to be honest, our prison. Sherlock’s recovery has been steady for the past three days. Since that remarkable dinner, he has managed to maintain a somewhat usual schedule—meals and sleep and examining the newspapers. He and I have even taken a few walks out in the grounds—we had an attendant with us still, of course, but there has been no need for any sort of intervention. So we are finally, truly, headed home.
“He would whip me with a riding crop. He would trip me and leave the marks of his hands on my arms; my throat. He would have my food withheld—if anyone tried to bring me anything he would beat them as well.”
Sure enough, after he had rubbed the needle across the magnet a good number of times, he carefully inserted it through the circle of paper and dropped it onto the surface of the water in the bowl, then watched with the slightest smile on his face as it spun slowly around.
“The chemist’s boy noted that he frequently purchases a particular liniment, ostensibly to treat injuries he sustained in a carriage accident many years ago, but added,
It would have been simpler if Mycroft could have called on the police to assist in the retrieval, but that was obviously out of the question. He was grateful that his brother was apparently still not speaking; it made it less likely that news of the return of the great detective would be revealed before it was appropriate.
you just means that I am a healthy man with healthy desires and you, my love, are sometimes quite irresistible.” I kissed his ear again, this time lingering so he could feel my breath on his neck. “And now that I have awoken those desires in you through those most delicious activities in which we indulge,” I murmured, “can you honestly tell me that you do not sometimes find those urges undeniable?” I gave his neck a soft, warm kiss.
“What did you forget?” I removed my hat and coat and, after hanging them up, moved across the room. I crouched down and put my hand on his shoulder. I had been prepared to be angry with him, but something in the tone of his voice made me hesitate. I wanted to hear his side of the story.
I could see that she was trying, quite valiantly, to be brave in front of us—or more likely in front of Sherlock. Despite his amazingly strong nerves when encountering criminals or even corpses, and his propensity to fling himself over and off objects in pursuit of a clue, he absolutely panics when either our dear landlady or I are injured or ill. I do understand that due to his mercurial nature, he is often a victim of the whim of his spirits, and that she and I (and his brother) are anchors in a maelstrom of emotions and perceptions. Any of us showing any weakness can shake him to his very core. However, at that particular moment, I did not wish to have to offer succour to him whilst simultaneously attending to our injured friend.
WANTED— Temporary MAID OF ALL WORK, for two gentlemen and housekeeper. Live out. No laundry. Good personal reference. Apply 221B, Baker Street, after twelve.
In response, he surprised me by lifting himself to his knees and falling onto my chest. I instantly held him, and felt his sinewy arms wrap around me. He buried his face in my shoulder. “I will tell you, but you must understand that it was strictly an experiment on my part.”
care about others seeing him completely naked like that. Not the naked part—he certainly had nothing to be ashamed about in the usual sense. It was what they might say about the cuts. It wasn’t that he was particularly ashamed of that, either. It was more the bother of it all. They would see them, and
He became aware that there was someone else in the room and moved his head to observe. His eye better heal quickly; all this swivelling his head around was making him feel horrible.
“Come sit down here and look,” he instructed, depositing the stack on the floor and seating himself. He tossed the Union Jack pillow onto the worn carpet before the fireplace. The younger man peered at him uncertainly, but he sighed, rose, crossed the room, and flopped down to the floor in front of john, now looking bored.
The once-great consulting detective, formerly one of the most observant men in England, would attempt to deduce himself.
So now I stood in the middle of my room, staring down at it as bits of the lovely dream drifted through my mind and wanting nothing more than to wrap my hand around it and bring myself to release.
It was also pleasant to recognise that that smile had been a silent request for strength and a silent offering of his love for me, and I had pressed my hand where it lay upon his arm in assurance.
Mycroft sighed heavily as he entered the code that would open the electronic lock on the entrance to his office. Those dark curls, while endearing to older women and apparently “sexy” to others, drove him mad with their untidiness—
She was fairly sure she had heard it correctly—mumbled, as it was, into his pillow—but she wanted to make sure.
“Probably, but it seems such a labour-saving convenience,” I commented as I tested the water, adjusting the taps (and feeling quite the expert) so the water would be comfortable. “She should not be hauling hot water up the stairs for us any longer. We shall discuss it with her together. Now, all of that off.”
Anyway, I was doing well at first. The task of inventorying the two full place settings of silver, crystal, and china that had appeared on our client’s dining room table overnight—including writing down those mysterious markings on the bottom of everything—distracted me exactly the way I required. That the room was almost uncomfortably warm already, and it was not yet noon, worked on my behalf as well. Truthfully, I was feeling rather wilted. But then I allowed my attention to wander, and that led to a grievous situation on my part.
The man had given him a look when he saw the ugly marks on his legs, but it wasn’t a mean look. He had seemed angry, but not at Sherlock. Was he cross with the bad men who had made those marks?
It was a chair—or possibly the bedside table—slamming into the wall with a decisive crack of wood that finally woke the nurse. She glanced around dazedly, attempting to absorb the situation.
Sherlock looked up at the light-haired man, who was leaning easily against the kitchen counter. He was seated at the kitchen table, his head in his hands. He still felt a bit wobbly; it had taken every bit of his willpower to manage the walk across the lawn to the house.
Her use of my Christian name went unremarked at the time except that it somehow made me aware that she was truly speaking to me not just from her heart but to mine.
No—this is for my own remembrance. What I wanted to do was to reach out and hold him in my arms. I wanted to draw him into my lap and gaze into his eyes. I wanted to kiss his forehead and check him for illness and remove his formal clothing and get him into a soft nightshirt and tuck him into his bed.
Mycroft nodded, his mouth a thin, tight line. “They aren’t going to hurt you, Sherlock,” he murmured, trying to grab one of the flailing arms. “You know I wouldn’t let that happen.”
“What about the compulsory laws?” Was she of an age that the law passed in 1882 would have affected her? Or at least the earlier legal acts? I was not certain.
I hadn’t realised that he had noticed. “No, they are not,” I admitted. “We share a rather bohemian lifestyle, you and I, and there is a candour that we enjoy that is not often expressed between friends.” This was rather an understatement of mine, and he nearly broke my heart with his next question.
He stood directly in front of him, chests nearly touching, as the iridescent eyes suddenly focused on him.
She sighed. “Please. You cannot do this. He cannot manage without you by his side. When you leave him like this, you know that he does not eat or sleep. I do not wish for him to sink into one of his spells of melancholia.”
“That seems to satisfy the job requirements at the moment,” she admitted drily. “The schedule for his medications is on the clipboard in his room. The next nurse is due in four hours.”
He had dressed himself—buttons and shoelaces were a challenge because his hands shook, but he was grateful that the young woman who had sighed and shuffled across the room to give him his tablets didn’t seem even slightly inclined to offer to help. He had run his fingers through his hair; it would have to do. He wasn’t about to look in a mirror. And then, while the idiot who called herself a nurse was staring at her mobile, he had simply walked out of the room.
It was when I went down to ask Mrs. Hudson for breakfast that I learned of her decidedly unpleasant encounter with our intruder. I was relieved that she had not been injured and apologised profusely, but she waved me away. “I should be more cautious about opening the door—I should certainly know better by now. I’m just glad he’s gone. I’ll have breakfast up in a trice,” she stated firmly.
How would we manage him once we left Baker Street? I wondered silently as I rather firmly instructed Sherlock in the completion of his toilette (he had been, all day, in just trousers and an unfastened shirt and I do not doubt in the slightest that he would have left the house in just that state had I not intervened). He was very excited and pleased that I was going to be accompanying him. “I would have missed you dreadfully,” he confided to me. “I absolutely do not wish be away from you for even an instant.”
“Oh, do not worry yourself,” she added. “I have no interest in re-marrying. You and he are more than enough to keep me busy—and you know that for all my admonishments, I would find life rather dull without the experiments and bent pokers and… everything. Here. It is growing late and there is no telling when he will return. I will prepare that tray of cold meats for you now, shall I?”
I must have made some sort of noise as I observed this, for he suddenly glanced up and over towards the door and then, with a hiss and a scowl, he strode across the room, slammed the door shut, and locked it.
I managed perhaps three hours of sleep last night, and that, combined with the battle we have just fought—for that is what it was—has made my head ache. I do not wish to dwell on the content of our discussion just now.
of his affliction. When he has those moments when he is apparently unaware that there is something wrong, he is actually quite jovial and companionable.”
There is something so endearing about my darling when he is trying so hard to be helpful. He can, at times, be quite brilliant at it—he has a way of soothing distraught clients with sensible and calming words that I find quite remarkable considering how he just as often cuts them to the quick with his thoughtless and biting comments. He has also, over the years, clearly observed and attempts to emulate my own ministrations of the stricken. Despite my absolute anguish, therefore, I had to smile the slightest bit at his tender and well-meaning words.
I went back to our rooms today, to retrieve a few items and, more importantly, to have some respite. I left with the blessings (and carriage) of Mycroft, which he had arranged for after our talk yesterday.
“It was that pot,” she began. She gestured, and I spotted the offending object on the floor next to the table. It was a large, well-used, heavy thing, made of cast iron. “I had it on the stove all morning—I was making calves’ foot jelly. I just went to strain it—I’ve got my pans all ready for pouring—but the cloth I used when I picked it up was wet. I suppose the heat startled me, and I dropped the whole thing on my foot. I feel quite the fool.”
“What was it?” I cried a bit impatiently. I was beginning to imagine all sorts of horrid things—that she was ill, or in trouble, or perhaps even a criminal.
“Nothing new under the sun,” he agreed. “I was hoping against hope to discovering something new and definitive—but do not be concerned. It could very well be that there is nothing definitive beyond what you have mentioned. It is simply how my brother’s mind works. I suppose we can consider ourselves fortunate that this particular manifestation of his illness is an infrequent one, and each time that he was previously struck he did eventually recover.”
Mycroft had come in simultaneously with the tea tray, and Sherlock managed to sit with us long enough for his brother to pour him a cup. He did not actually take more than one sip, but he placed his cup back on the tray (which does not seem worth noting except that he has been much more likely to dash them to pieces or simply drop them instead of this nicety) before striding to the window and looking out longingly.
He frowned, and both Greg and John tensed a bit, awaiting his reaction. Then, to their great relief, the frown turned from one of annoyance to one of puzzlement. “Police Case,” he read from the label. And then his puzzlement turned to amazement. “It’s… got handcuffs! Look, Daddy—it’s got handcuffs and a whistle and a torch!”
“You are brilliant,” I told him sombrely. I raised his hand to my lips and kissed it fervently.  “And what did you learn about them?”
“Mr. Bramsen shaves twice a day, and he puts cream on his face and on his hands, and when his sister, with whom he resides, is away, he dresses in her clothes and puts on a wig and goes out where neither of them is known and he… She is away for a fortnight this time and he went out wearing her riding costume and her ring and while he was out he lost it and he could not think of what else to do but to request that I assist him in finding it before she returns.”
Then he shifted again, letting his head fall back onto the headrest, and the world-weary, somewhat amused, somewhat bored expression returned. “See?”
She explained how it all ended—how your horrendous behaviour had finally forced her to elicit the assistance of that queer man, Mr. Holmes, to drag you from that disgusting club—how you came home so begrudgingly—how you remained aloof and less than a husband—and how you finally forced her to accept a divorce and banishment.
And then the image of exactly what had greeted the maid leapt out at me and I could not contain myself—I burst into laughter.
“It has always been,” he admitted. “My… family tried to discourage it; to teach me to behave, but I was quite stubborn. I saw no reason not to state the truth at all times, even when it was hurtful.”
I looked down in some amazement. Yes, there it was—a lovely red rose, complete with its thorny stem—fixed firmly to the upholstered seat of the chair by a fork that looked identical to the silver I had been examining.
“Oh! Didn’t John tell you? I’m moving to New York. London is so dull these days, but New York is positively teeming with criminals. Some of the other cities are equally riddled, but New York has the best concerts. I suppose I shall stay in a hotel until I find lodgings—‘apartments’ is what they call them. American English is so very different; it will be engaging to learn the idioms in particular. I suppose I shall have make the acquaintance of the local constabulary—police force. And laboratory facilities because I can’t do all of my experiments in an apartment, can I? It will take some time to build up my equipment again. I don’t want any of my instruments shipped; they are so fragile so it’s best to purchase new you can buy practically anything in New York and they’ve got different food too that I will have to get used to do you think I’ll be treated differently because I’m English I hear that in New York being English is a perfectly respectable thing do they have clubs like in London—”
Then all of a sudden there was a tremendous explosion of oaths and other noises—the chair and table went over in a lump, a clash of steel followed, and then a cry of pain, and the next instant I saw Black Dog in full flight, and the captain hotly pursuing, both with drawn cutlasses, and the former streaming blood from the left shoulder. Just at the door the captain aimed at the fugitive one last tremendous cut, which would certainly have split him to the chine had it not been intercepted by our big signboard of Admiral Benbow. You may see the notch on the lower side of the frame to this day.
Unfortunately, he showed little sign of becoming still enough to treat him, and I was alarmed when I noted a bit of blood soaking through the sheet.
“You’re the poufter,” Derek accused, catching up with the conversation. He hated it when Watson did that—it sounded so weird—those big words coming out of that mouth but no posh accent—John Watson was no public-school boy.
I have said that I laid out the “final problem” as it occurred, and I did—well, other than not supplying the real name of our nemesis (there is no Professor Moriarty, per se—I selected that name on Sherlock’s suggestion—some tutor of his childhood for whom he had an intense dislike). What I quite obviously did and could not do was to reveal the actual contents of Sherlock’s final letter to me. I have it still and enclose it with the manuscript. I have no need of reading it again; I have over the years memorised it.
I wrapped my arms around him, and I cannot say with certainty how long we remained there. He was garbed only in a shirt and drawers, and every bit of him was cold to the touch.
He then selected a purple crayon and, with great intensity, made a dot and then a wobbly circle around it. Mycroft couldn’t help but notice that this symbol was in the centre of and equidistance to all of the Xs.
Finally, to his great surprise, he noted that his brother had been on a grocery shopping site. He shook his head, emptied the virtual basket, and erased the browser’s history. Because who really needed 25 different jars of marmalade and ten tins of halved pears in syrup?
The eye rolling was BAFTA-worthy, but the thin man retrieved the wrapped box and shoved it into the DI’s hands. “Merry Christmas,” he mumbled as he slumped next to him on the sofa.
I truly cannot bring myself, even now, to describe all of what we experienced as Sherlock became aware that we most certainly were not headed for the train station.
And even after the rather shouty man (and he was secretly vastly entertained by the doctor’s quickness with a quip) made it perfectly clear that he was taking over the care of Sherlock, he admitted to maintaining his vigilance. He was a decent man, though—he did not watch any of their more “intimate” times when they finally got themselves sorted on that front—but he still did and probably always would worry about his brother—constantly.
“We will address why this is so distressing presently, but for now, you must accept that yes, Mrs Hudson has had quite a turn, but she will—with care and rest—heal. Our neighbour and then a new servant will assist us with meals and some of the more basic necessities, but we must not expect her to do everything that our friend does for us. You do understand what I mean?”
“He did not,” my darling agreed, “and when the housekeeper summoned one anyway, he would not allow him entrance.”
He was dismayed to discover that for some reason his balance was off, his running hampered, and the nurse accompanying him was not just strong but fast.
“It is meant to be, my love,” I told him sincerely, but I also paused again. “I had not thought about that—about Belinda,” I admitted.
I had begun with the china. I had made notes—copying the marks on the back of the plates and whatnot. They mean little to me—I knew they identify the maker, sometimes by name and sometimes by just a letter or symbol, and sometimes the name of the pattern. Beyond that, I have no idea. What I had noted was the size of the plates—from very large to very small, and shallow bowls. And what I recalled then was the actual pattern. It was floral. Very floral. Rather ostentatiously and fussily floral. Most certainly not to my taste.
“Please see that this gentleman arrives safely at his destination—you will escort him to his door, do you hear? Here is something extra for your consideration.” He pressed a coin into the cabbie’s grimy hand.
“He could not bring himself to do so on his own behalf—in either guise. He was quite panicked. I regretted not being able to bring you with me, particularly then, as he seemed quite on the verge of a nervous collapse. Having a doctor there would have been reassuring, for I had no idea what to do for him.”
“Yeah. He was all right earlier—mostly slept—but when I woke him for the barber, he sort of panicked. With the scissors and razor and all, it was more for his own safety than anything. He’s quiet now, but there’s no telling how he’ll be when it wears off. There’s tablets and syringes made up.”
“Besides,” I added, reluctantly—looking at Mycroft again, “I would miss you so. You could not possibly leave me. I thought that you were my friend.”
Miss Helen Stoner was nearly exactly as I described her, down to the prematurely grey hair and haggard expression.
He thought about the music; what had he played? A great variety, if memory served. He struggled for a bit, but then notes and stanzas and movements started to come to him. He began to move his fingers; to bow over imaginary strings. Yes. This felt right. Classical pieces; uplifting and stimulating or achingly sombre. Popular tunes—he had rather grudgingly learnt some Christmas songs. People seemed to like those.
“Mother’s… illness, I believe, prevented her from attending to domestic issues.” What a chilling way to phrase it.
He frowned at his reflection and slowly put his hand up to a big, painful lump on the side of his head. He didn’t know how it had gotten there, but it really hurt.
“Oh, yeah. That’s infected, all right. Tell you what. I’m going to clean it out, and then you’ll have to take tablets and keep it clean.”
Winifred, who knew her replacement, Solomon, from the agency (Oh, good! She liked him; he was just the nurse for their patient), had reviewed his chart from the night with him and given him some instructions, quietly, in the hallway outside of the bedroom. Now that the older Mr Holmes had exited, they both went into the bedroom. The last she had checked, he had been sound asleep, but now their patient’s eyes had suddenly opened and his reaction to their presence was instantaneous.
“Then I heard about a position as a lady’s maid, and there I was working for Mrs Simpson. She was so lovely and kind, and I tended to her for three years. Then, sadly, she passed, and her son, who is equally kind, read your advertisement and here I am.”
“See the marks of the shoes here amongst the… you do not have roses in your garden,” he suddenly remarked.
I considered what I was about to say carefully, finishing my glass whilst doing so and rising to refill both my own and my guest’s glasses. She made a very feeble attempt to refuse more; I just looked at her and she laughed a bit and held her glass up to me.
It was hard not to, with the distinct smell of the hospital filling his nose, so he focused on slipping as quietly through the corridors as possible, casually turning away, pretending to fidget with his jacket or coat, whenever he encountered someone. The security cameras were where they always had been and easy enough to avoid for the most part.
He paces and pokes at the piles of papers that litter our rooms and fill every corner, sometimes tipping them over in despair and frustration. He tugs at his clothing. He tosses correspondence to the floor. He does a great deal of damage to the mantelpiece and even the furniture with his knife, and I have taken it away from him on several occasions.
“Now that Mrs Hudson is back on her feet, there is no need for her services, or at least… I believe… John, that is quite distracting.” He smiled indolently at me.
Sherlock was terrified. He would whimper if I was out of his sight for more than a few moments; I had to reassure him that I was not going far and that I would return instantly. The only time I was able to have to myself was when he slept. That was challenging in that, when presented with the idea of retiring to his bed, he would panic, but I discovered that I could get him to fall asleep in the sitting room, so I allowed him to do so and would then take advantage of the time to tend to my personal needs.
Mycroft and Winifred, having reached an uneasy truce over the cigarettes, stood and watched Sherlock as he dreamily went through the motions of playing an imaginary violin.
“This is Matilda,” Christopher explained. “She’s going to be taking care of you for a bit, all right? You’ll behave for her, won’t you?”
“That was simple enough. I merely asked Mr Harper who he had entertained—or at least had in the house—recently. He had, as I suspected, had some neighbours in a week prior for some supper and cards. This party included a young, unmarried woman accompanying her parents—a young woman whom he had been introduced to when he took the house a year prior, and whom he had encountered several times since.”
“And you have been accomplishing all of this by yourself for how many years? Mrs Hudson, you are a positive saint.”
“Retreating! Leaving. Running away. It just seems rather—please forgive me for being so blunt—cowardly.”
Sherlock, who had been poking at the housekeeper’s computer (she had locked out the internet per Mr Holmes’ instructions and knew more than enough about the younger brother to be able to create an almost-unbreakable password for the web, but it was fine if he wanted to use a word-processing or other app), scowled and shook his head, but then, leaning heavily on the counter, he rose and got over to the kitchen table.
“So why not come with me—I’ve got a little place now—come have a bath and warm up and have some proper food?”
I had, as you accurately included in your story, told you about the baboon and the cheetah, but of course I had at that time just mentioned a few of the animals—the most dangerous ones, for your own safety. There were several other species on the property. One of these animals was a bonnet macaque, a very small subspecies of monkey native to India. In fact, there were six of these creatures. For the most part, they preferred to live with the gypsies, who apparently spoiled them with attention and food. You might be familiar with these animals. Due to their size, relatively simple diets (they eat primarily fruits and vegetables), extreme dexterity, and somewhat agreeable temperaments if not provoked, they are often trained as performing animals, some even being dressed in small outfits. They have tiny, human-like hands and very long tails.
“Yes, I am afraid so. It was not long after that day that they were both struck down with that terrible illness. They both succumbed so quickly. I am thankful for that, you know. Others suffer—linger—for ages with it, or they are left so horribly disfigured.”
The new evening nurse—Solomon had had a hard time keeping a straight face as the circumstances around Gloria’s dismissal were explained by the housekeeper—had less success in getting him to eat again later.
“Who are they from?” he demanded of the doctor, who had risen and was carefully conveying the stack of presents—the gift bag dangling from his finger—to his chair.
“I am kneading dough,” she agreed, “but I am not going against your orders.” She tipped her head down, and I followed her gaze to observe that she was resting her knee upon the chair that stood next to her at the table.
a behaviour that is considered to be immoral is easier than setting oneself into motion to perform acts of morality, is it not? If I simply avoid eating meat, I am a vegetarian, whereas if I wish to be a carnivore, I must intentionally seek out and devour animal flesh.
Mycroft’s sigh was one of the saddest things I have ever heard. “I know that you promise. I know that you wish to—intend to—behave. I know that the idea of going to one of those places is abhorrent to you. It is abhorrent to me as well. But you must understand that I only wish to keep you safe.”
“Oh, come off it, Sherlock! I’m not even sure what colour those socks were originally, or that shirt.”
She knew he despised turkey and, after an unfortunate incident involving sub-standard refrigeration, goose as well, so she had done roast beef. Per Sherlock’s preference (and hers, to be honest), she had done it extremely rare, and John had skilfully removed almost paper-thin slices from it, placing small portions on each of their plates.
“And I sat on the sill and leaned nearly backwards with my glass,” he recalled, mimicking the position by turning and leaning with his back against the window. His head was tipped back and I found myself wishing to place my lips on his white throat.
Last evening was the most remarkable in that it was completely not remarkable. We dined with Mycroft Holmes. We did not dress, as he was not receiving anyone but ourselves and so did not see reason in it, but we did tidy ourselves and at the appropriate hour walked out into the corridor through the now-unlocked door and descended to the fine dining room. Sherlock looked handsome and well. He ate a normal dinner and—I am still somewhat astounded—was allowed a knife with which to cut into the roast.
He had first apologised to me for not seeking my counsel out sooner. He had been engaged in something important and delicate due to his employment and had only been home late at night. “I did not believe that intruding when I know that you are attempting to restore some sense of day and night with him would be beneficial to either of you,” he explained. He was correct; I nodded my appreciation.
His visitor shook his head and calmly sat down next to him. “Damn. This floor is freezing! Sherlock, you can’t live like this.”
“Thank you for arranging everything, Doctor,” Mrs Hudson said softly. I had found her sitting on her bed, her back against the headboard, with her foot raised by cushions. She was reading a magazine, which she laid aside when I tapped on the door before entering. She also had, next to her on the clean coverlet, two additional magazines, two novels, stationery, and a pencil. I looked down at these items in surprise.
David and Malcolm looked at each other and nodded. David could easily carry him if necessary, but the scowl on the younger brother’s face made it clear that he intended to attempt to make it under his own power—more or less.
As he so often did, Sherlock either did not discern or ignored my levity. “Oh, yes, John,” he reported solemnly. “I have had many quite pleasant conversations with her, and she read to me, and I to her, and I played for her several times, and she was not even cross about the smoke that evening.”
“And I believe that I might have made an error in judgement regarding any future plans for your safety.”
“You got distracted by what you were reading and forgot that the maid would be up to tend to the fire? And that you were wearing just a shirt?”
Sherlock froze in the act of stripping the silver paper from the smaller present. “Big Brother?” he echoed. “Does he know… I mean… did he…?”
Whatever Victor had given him had worn off. His arms and legs ached. His neck and chest were cold. The sound of the flipping cards was beginning to drive him mad, and he wanted a cigarette. And he was now aware of a
“No, there is not tea—not for you. You are to remove all of that muck and get into the bath immediately.” I pointed sternly down the hallway towards the bath-room.
a shirt?” I gasped. I considered how he was dressed now. His shirt was not tucked in. No braces. Barefoot. I reached under his shirt. His trousers were not fastened. I slipped my hand inside them. No drawers. My heart sank. “Oh, my love,” I sighed, “you mean that you were
It was quite simple to identify our adversary as we entered the dining room. I had only a vague recollection of her visage—I truly did not attend to our neighbours at that time—but I did recall her having a fondness for a somewhat flamboyant costume (actually, that was something Mary and I had a bit of a laugh about more than once—if there was a choice between attractive and alarming, she would inevitably select the most alarming possible. We strongly suspected that her wedding gown had been a rich, vibrant green). It was simple enough to see her in the crowd, and I indicated to the mâitre d’ that we were to join them—for she had brought her husband.
“Oh?” I felt rather guilty—despite our conversation pertaining to the situation, I had not broached the subject with our landlady the following morning. Granted, I was somewhat taken by surprise when she rather than Belinda had appeared with the breakfast tray. Her foot was clearly entirely healed, and she seemed delighted to be back to bringing it up herself. Sherlock was still in bed—I had slept quite well, but he had had a restless night despite our activities, and I was leaving him to stay in bed as long as he required.
“I’m glad of that,” I replied, honestly. I am still relieved that my rather daft impulse was working. “I have never seen you quite so upset over a case.”
Chocolate biscuits and jammie dodgers and a nice, crisp apple, sliced, peeled, and dressed with some lemon and cinnamon sugar.
He tensed a bit as the large man knelt next to the sofa and gently spoke his brother’s name. Smart, not touching him, he noted. Sherlock opened his eyes and frowned.
“Do you ever wonder about some of those coincidences?” Etta mused. “Sherlock, love, leave that and come sit down.”
I am not bragging to say that, more often than not, this approach is the most effective I have applied. My darling is able to sit for longer and longer periods. His murmuring and his constant motion slows and gradually—very gradually—fades away.
“But I always do!” He was shouting now, and I could see that even in their bandages his hands were now clenched into fists.
“Is that the letter you did not post?” He nodded. I was alarmed. What had him so upset? “What was in it that was so difficult for you to write?” I inquired, rising from my desk and approaching him. He shook his head, unable to respond. “What happened to it? Do you still have it?”
“Nah. Don’t make him move. He’s stoned off his arse. Idiot always overestimates what he can handle.”
“Yes, thank you,” I repeated, watching as she deftly laid the table. I had not had much of an appetite the whole day, and now I found myself ravenous. The cold duck looked delicious. “I shall clear the table and bring the tray down myself later,” I added.
A wild and unbecoming and almost grotesque thought formed in my mind. What if she and Sherlock’s elder brother got married?
I assisted him in divesting himself of his soiled clothing. I also removed the bandages from his hands. “I will re-wrap these when you are warm and dry,” I commented. “Now, in you go.” I steadied him as he stepped over the rolled edge of the bathtub and sat with a grateful sigh in the warm water. I let him soak for a bit, then took up a flannel and soap and began with gentle ablutions to cleanse his skin. He allowed me this, and then startled me by grasping my wrist.
John sighed and hit the “play” arrow; he had never liked murder mystery films before—before Sherlock. But now he found them amusing and—if he could take that sort of credit—rather simplistic.
Yeah, that actually did make sense—but had he gotten that— “deduced” it, as he rather pompously declared—from a few stories in the newspaper, one corpse, and one ring?
“Where are you taking me?” he demanded, sitting up in alarm. “I’m not going back to that place and I’m not going to a police station or A & E and I’m not being tested and I just won’t tell you who my parents are so you can’t contact them.” He reached for the door handle.
“Very well,” I agreed readily. “The subject is more delicate than I originally thought, I take it.” I worked the suds up in the flannel again and began scrubbing the closest knee. “You must have been kneeling in that manure; it quite soaked through your trousers and drawers and into your skin.”
I am most sorry that because of the wound, I could not kiss him on his lips when I tucked him into bed. He was being so very sweet by then, and turned up his lovely face to mine, and all I could do was to carefully press my own lips to his cheek.
Eventually, though, as I settle in my comfortable chair and open a book, he attempts to do the same—and fails. He cannot even select a book, let alone sit down and read it.
“Come in and help yourself to some of Mrs. Hudson’s lovely bread-and-butter. There was cake but I ate it all. —Sherlock”
I brought my letter to the front desk to be posted first thing in the morning. I attempted then to lie down. I doubted that I would be able to sleep and I was correct. I tossed and turned until the sun rose, at which time I dressed and wrote my second letter.
Now she helped him lie back on the pillows that she had pounded into submission. The bandage was holding up well; some blood had seeped through, but it was already dry. She would not disturb it. She pulled the blankets up over him and his amazing eyes fluttered shut.
“I have no doubt that you would have kept a cool head and summoned aid had he required it, my love. It makes it clear, though—If he is so nervous about being found out—it must be a very strong urge that causes him to continue his surreptitious practice.”
He was perched in his favourite chair across from me, his long legs drawn up under his chin, his arms clasped tightly around them. His expression was anguished.
He had not actually had any tea or supper that I knew of. As I packed, he had remained locked in his room and silent. I stopped a few times and strained to listen, but I could not detect any motion. I did not even know if he had completed refreshing himself, although it seemed unlikely that he would have left the last bits—his legs and feet—unwashed.
didn’t?” her boss fumed. “It was hardly a failure on my part, either time. And now it doesn’t seem terribly necessary, does it? He’s clearly recovering from the head wound. You heard him earlier.”
They had spent the hour locked in a peculiar battle. After his one word, the younger man had not, seemingly, been able to shut up—but he had actually said very little.
Mrs Hudson had had enough by that evening. She had been constantly interrupted answering the bell, as Sherlock had made it abundantly clear that morning that he was not even slightly inclined to do so himself—and had dismantled their bell, which John didn’t realise until that night.
I believe that I simply shrugged. I was taking my friend’s pulse and did not appreciate the interruption.
“It was those fantastic positions,” I hastened to explain. “When you throw yourself about like that—all the reaching and creeping and when you were kneeling in front of me—I found that… I
“I am also not what anyone in their right mind would call a ‘normal’ man. I am brusque and intrusive. I focus on science over sentiment. I blatantly disregard human feelings for the sake of facts whilst being victim of horrid turns of my own… of my… you know.”
“Yeah. All right. This isn’t his room—not really—but we’ve moved all his things into here—I mean, the housekeeper did. Mrs Parker. He’s easier in here but his room’s next door. It’s supposed to be. His brother sleeps in there sometimes.”
Mycroft glanced up as Anthea entered his inner office and firmly closed the door. “They’ll be ready shortly to take him for the CT scan,” she reported.
And then the most horrific of all—Sherlock attacked his brother. It was so unexpected that neither of us were able to prepare ourselves. He lunged forward, knocking the older man to the floor, his hands around his throat. I of course immediately leapt forward and attempted to separate them whilst shouting for assistance from the men I knew were posted in the corridor.
ability, my love. You know that I, and nearly everyone else, succumbs regularly to the need for food, and sleep, and… release.”
God, how he wanted to tell her to try a training cup—or a bottle—how eager his little brother would be for nice, cool water from one. He wondered if he should… no.
There most certainly was. Mrs. Hudson had loaded her tray: eggs and toast; porridge. Kippers. Grapes. Some sort of cream-filled cake. She was clearly trying to offer the thin man as great a variety as possible in order to entice him to eat something—anything.
They both watched as the silent man filled a bowl with water and placed it carefully on the table. He had already gathered and deposited there a sewing needle and a magnet from the refrigerator. Now he looked around the room and lunged towards a drawer, withdrawing a box of greaseproof paper.
I consider the first of my expressions my treatment of his headaches—the earliest of his foibles exposed to my medical eye and mind—as probably the very first, tentative attempts at returning his attentions. I did not—I really, truly, did not at that time realise his feelings for me or mine for him, but I also had never considered laying my hands on a patient in the way that I did to ease his pain. And yes—it did. It gave me a feeling, not just of joy, but of
So that brings me to us hiring the trap to drive us the four or five miles required to reach Stoke Moran. Well, I did the hiring, of course, while Sherlock stood passively behind me, staring rather intently at his own boots.
She looked at me rather keenly. “I do,” she acknowledged. “I cannot say in what way, except to say that there is no fever. No purging. No wound. Nothing to indicate an injury or illness. And yet I suffer… so very much.”
Still later, as she sank gratefully into the hot bath, some lovely music playing from her mobile, she realised that the most shocking thing was that he was so…
John rose. “How about that hot chocolate?” he asked as he headed for the kitchen. Greg also rose and began tidying up the torn wrapping paper strewn around the floor. Sherlock, ignoring both of them, was now lying on his back, peering at the corners of the ceiling, then aiming and shooting his pistol.
So, when he had arrived in England, he hadn’t looked like that. He had been, if not well-dressed, at least not in the rags he had had to peel off him immediately after his retrieval. His hair had grown out naturally and was back to its usual dark curls. It had to have been trimmed at least two months earlier, but not since (Mycroft was aware that Sherlock had been dyeing and styling it differently with each undercover identity, at least in the beginning; obviously at some point he had stopped). When they picked him up, he had clearly been clean-shaven at some point, but hadn’t shaved at all in—how long? A week? Longer? Filthy but not overly-long fingernails. They knew how and when he had gotten the injury to his temple, but what about the rest of him? What were the ages of the other injuries to his person?
I found that I could not respond. I was torn. Part of me felt grateful that he had a brother who had the means and the decency to offer such an arrangement—while another part found itself resentful and jealous because it was clear that I could not offer my darling the safety and care he required.
I followed him and closed and locked the door. He glanced at me with an odd expression before removing and dropping his waistcoat to the floor. His tie and collar followed, and I could see that his shirt was, indeed, rather soaked through.
“He was talking about the books,” he mused. “I gave him a chemistry text and one of those old-lady murder mysteries.”
“No one was wearing gloves,” she remarked. “Some young men did not even have their hats on,” she added. I could tell that she was trying to sound censorious but was having a difficult time of it.
Breakfast was a desultory affair. I had brought a few books along, and propped one in front of me as I gnawed on my toast. I did not care that it marked me as undoubtedly dining on my own. Staring at the empty chair on the opposite side of the table seemed a much worse pastime.
Mycroft would never admit it to anyone, but as he changed into his own elegant silk pyjamas, his hands shook.
He reached to the top of the fridge and took the tin shaped like a giant custard cream biscuit down. He already knew what was in it, but he glanced inside anyway. Should he? Did he need it? He had once had a sort of fascination with handguns, but for some reason the idea of holding one now gave him an uneasy, sort of queasy feeling—as if he had been doing a great deal of that at some point and was tired of it. He re-covered the tin and put it back.
.” I do not exaggerate when I described the utter loss of colour to his cheeks at these words. He was clearly quite stricken. Still, we all managed proper introductions.
He suspected that the brother did feel guilty, although it was obvious he would never admit it—after he had gotten his patient’s pain and bleeding under control, the man had gotten some sort of terribly important call or something. One of the ubiquitous assistants in a black suit had come upstairs and murmured urgently in his ear, and the government man had nodded quite firmly, once, in his direction, and then made his exit.
I considered this. “Well, in this particular case, to be perfectly honest, I was—well—I had had a very pleasant—very stimulating—dream, and when I awoke I was quite excited, but as you recall we had but a few minutes to dress ourselves and attend to our client.”
Therefore, the beginning of our interview was, on the surface, quite normal and respectable. Who rises from the table—who introduces whom—who pours the tea—what topics of conversation are acceptable—is all spelled out, and I found myself rather numbly following these social “orders” quite the way I once did military ones. Thus, the conversation was as perfectly banal and correct as one could ever imagine—the weather, the latest flurry in Parliament, the health of the Queen, the accuracy of the railway schedules—filled the time. Sherlock was being especially charming—obviously by design, but charming nonetheless. He made a particular point of addressing himself directly to Mr. Bloom—laughing at his amusing comments; agreeing with his observations.
Why had he needed a disguise? He had been looking for something. No, that wasn’t right. Not something. Someone. A person. A person of great importance to him…
I chuckled as I crossed the room to the fireplace, where, having adopted Sherlock’s habit, I tended to leave my pipes decorating the mantelpiece. I was not, at this point, surprised to find a fifth missive underneath my favourite one.
“Yes, but she said it didn’t matter to her. She thought I was very good at my work, and she particularly liked my hems and my egg wine.”
Now, I must admit to a bit of negligence on my part. It was not a deliberate oversight, and I pray that you will forgive me. I am sure you understand that at the time I was under a great deal of duress and not quite myself, and that immediately afterwards I wished nothing more than to suppress any thoughts of what had occurred that dreadful night.
His brother—who he had personally sent through a life-size cheese grater and who had come out pretty much the only way he could have. His brother—who had been living on the rarely-used sofa in his bedroom.
But it was good enough and easily enough accomplished with the credit card from the wallet. The cashier at the department store hadn’t even glanced at him.
Finally, that Mary was alive; that she had seen and talked to her in America—that would be easy enough to prove even without contacting Mary herself. She had moved away of her own volition, and even if under an assumed name, her travels to America would surely appear in some ship’s log.
are, but only because I have the means to isolate and have you watched day and night. Do you think I enjoy seeing you like this—not even able to offer you a candle or a fire or proper dishes? Do you think that in your current state you could return to your rooms? Your doctor does as much as he can, but he must sleep sometimes, and so must Mrs. Hudson, and even if you do not intend it you are so very prone to injuring yourself or… well, you know the dangers. And I cannot allow that.”
She did know. Sherlock was not the first person they had “resurrected.” He was, however, the first who was returning with his actual identity—that would make things interesting.
What the hell was wrong with him? He knew what he wanted to say. It was fairly straightforward. He wanted to go home, and he knew the route that the driver needed to take.
“She did. Brave girl—she looked me in the eye then, and her voice quivered only the slightest bit as she explained that, other than a few words, she cannot read nor write. She has been managing the orders for the greengrocer and the butcher—but even that, she admitted, she rather cheated at. She has an excellent memory, and I realise now that whenever I made a list, I would read it out to her before giving it to her. She would simply hand the list over to the boy, and when the deliveries came, she recalled precisely what I had requested and was able to check that everything was correct in that way. Really rather clever of her,” she mused.
There was something comforting about having it in writing, though. The marker just seemed to make it more… more real.
“Very amusing, Doctor,” he drawled. “I mean to get right to it. Sherlock, as you can imagine, I have been considering everything that has occurred under my roof quite seriously.”
“So, you said there is more.” I did not particularly wish to hear more, but I was beginning to understand that there was a necessity to his confessions. He had borne this sorrow and terror on his own since boyhood. I could not allow him to bear it by himself for one more moment. “Please, my love, tell me so that I may try to take some of your pain away.”
[This reminiscence is folded carefully to hold a letter written in an educated woman’s hand. The location and date at the top of this letter have been carefully cut off, as has the signature at the end.]
I see now first-hand how you obscure details of name and date and location, and of other identifiable information, and for that I am grateful. My aunt and my husband know the truth, of course, and if anyone in the village reads your tale I am certain they will immediately discern the truth, but it would benefit not one of them to reveal my true identity. I live with my husband in a pleasant house within walking distance of my aunt’s home, and as you have in your story changed our names entirely (I do wonder how you came up with Helen Stoner, and Julia, and Stoke Moran—I find myself admiring the name Julia so much that the first girl we have will be named Julia—her second name will be my dear sister’s true Christian name), no one with whom we associate currently has any idea of the truth of it.
“Oh… yes. We really had no choice, you see. She began to wander—I mean, she’d leave their home while he was working, and more often than not was brought home by a constable. Finally, she… oh, sir. It was horrible. She went to their church and she shattered the windows…”
And at that moment, Mrs Parker was expecting someone to buzz from the gate, and there she was, exactly on time. She peered at the image being transmitted to her and carefully compared it to the employee ID photo sent to her by the nursing agency. She did this with each change of nurse, their shifts running midnight to eight o’clock, eight to four o’clock, and four back to midnight. Mr Holmes’ favourite assistant—a sharp young woman who reminded her of herself far too many years earlier than she cared to admit—had, as she had so many times before, contacted the agency to make the nursing care arrangements, then passed the information (and the responsibility) to her.
Greg patted his shoulder. “I know. I feel the same way. Thank you for having me here for this.” And then something occurred to him. “Did Mycroft really get him those things?”
I am exhausted. This day has been particularly difficult. I am not certain as to why. It is not the anniversary of our first meeting. Neither of us celebrate birthdays this month. It is, as I have mentioned, not yet quite three years.
“That would make for a somewhat uncomfortable dining experience,” he remarked cheekily. He knelt to examine the odd decoration more closely, and in doing so, unintentionally also brought his face very close to—well—there he was, on his knees in front of me. That image—his eager, keen expression; his grin of excitement; his long white fingers as they reached out—
Finally, early one afternoon, he emerged just as I was returning from a trip to the tobacconist’s. He was somewhat dressed—trousers and an unfastened shirt; his feet bare. In a word, his typical self.
I do not exaggerate when I describe how Sherlock Holmes quite literally throws himself into his investigations. His slender form and long limbs seem to turn him almost into a spider, and his scurrying to and fro does nothing to dissuade me from my apprehension. I have seen him slide completely under a bed and then clamber up onto a table to peer at its canopy with barely ten seconds between to arrange the furniture to his convenience.
She was accustomed now to the great effort the older brother put into not revealing his emotions. The slender and observant man with the penetrating gaze and stiff posture was clearly holding himself back—preventing himself from reacting in any overt emotional way to his brother’s condition. He was more adept at it at other times, but now, probably due to fatigue (which he was also fighting to hide), he did betray himself. He glanced at the book that had been put in his hand and—Winifred did an admirable job of not revealing her own surprise—he winced.
“But you do it anyway.” He was silent with misery at this. I felt awful. “We do not need to continue this discussion right now,” I offered. “I have missed you terribly and I want to hear about the not-murderess and her ineffective poison.”
And then his mouth ran away with him, as it usually did. The deductions had nothing to do with the attraction he was feeling. He couldn’t help it. Unlike his brother, he couldn’t turn it off, and, he had learned about himself very early on, if he didn’t say something—if he didn’t speak the words aloud—well, he had no idea what would happen. He never
Except that sometimes being special was scary—when he was sleeping, sometimes he saw himself in a long, dark coat and uncomfortable-looking suit and shoes, acting very grown-up and using big, hard words. Sometimes Daddy was there with him, reminding him to be polite, and sometimes he wasn’t, and then ‘Lock would say something rude and the grown-ups he was talking to would be angry at him. That frightened him a bit.
“Eat up and then let’s get you into something other than pyjamas, all right?” the man seated across from him said.
So one night—it was a dark and stormy one, if I recall correctly, keeping us indoors with the fire blazing and the curtains closed tightly against drafts—I sat myself at my desk, took a few sheets of foolscap and a brand-new pen (a gift from Mrs Hudson), and simply began to write.
“Who says anything is wrong… all right…” He sighed. “Dad, I suggest you put me on speaker. And perhaps you both should sit down.”
And then, there he was. A short, angry, unlikely ex-Army captain and doctor with a psychosomatic limp, nerves of steel, and an attraction to danger had entered his brother’s life, and suddenly everything was, if not perfect, so very much better.
Sherlock’s gaze ran up and down the sleek body of the car as he considered this. For once, the government man wished he had a less ostentatious method of transportation. Then the thin man shook his head again; his lips moved the slightest bit, as if he was attempting to speak.
Better, he thought to himself. The hat (not The Hat—that ridiculous death frisbee) covered the gash on his head and he tugged it down over the swollen eye so it was in shadow and (hopefully) hardly noticeable. The coat (not The Coat, which he missed terribly) disguised the slightly (all right, more than slightly) loose shirt and suit. The gloves covered the bruises—
He was reassuring in his assertion that we would take our client away to her aunt’s for her own safety. I agreed wholeheartedly with this plan, as I am sure her fiancée would—he clearly was unaware of the depth of the lady’s troubles, or she most assuredly would have been moved already.
This word, however, despite his low tones, rather startled me. “Aroused?” I repeated. “Explain yourself.”
“Eventually. But, dear brother, you have to admit that it becomes more and more difficult for you to recover yourself.”
Sherlock gave her a small, puzzled frown, looking down at his cigarette and then, rather pointedly, at his brother. He gestured to him, his lit cigarette making swirling patterns of smoke.
The most distressing manifestation of these manic times is that he cannot play his violin. It requires a precise, delicate touch and both an external and an internal stillness and calm that is impossible for him to achieve.
The rules of society and etiquette exist to put us at ease. By diligent study of the wide selection of books and articles and even of novels and plays, one can learn exactly how one should act in nearly any given situation. I myself have depended quite heavily on these rules to guide me whilst in illustrious company; our dinners and holidays at Mycroft’s house immediately come to mind. It is quite reassuring to have what one could consider a script for so many interactions in society.
I listened. I had not shut the door separating his room from mine, and so I clearly discerned the sound of the water as he retrieved and wrung out his sponge. I could not bear it. Moving as quietly as I could manage, I approached the open door and peered into his room through the narrow opening I had left.
“I had no smelling salts with me, but I did have my small bottle of scent. I put a bit of it on my handkerchief and daubed the poor lady’s temples and wrists with it.”
“He’s colouring.” He noted that their patient was moving slowly; dreamily. Clearly still under the influence of the tranquiliser. He did not seem to take any notice of them.
well enough…. Sherlock,” I admonished, “we know that it is not your fault that you are stricken. Your brother has told me that your mother was similarly afflicted and we do know that even this most terrible form of your affliction will eventually pass. We all must be patient.”
The next several days proceeded in much this fashion. True to my word, I did not leave our rooms. Our wonderful, reliable friend downstairs took care of any errands I might need done and brought up a steady stream of nourishing and tempting dishes. She also kept visitors away. I was so very grateful.
“I do not suppose I have to tell you this, but I have been greatly concerned about you. You did warn me, I suppose, about these moods of yours, but I had no idea they were so severe. You should have told me.”
“Oh, no. You got me all the way down here. We’re going in.” And with a firm tug, Captain John Watson led his (somewhat reluctant) soldier into battle.
“You see, my brother has been thus afflicted with these periods of melancholia since he was a young man. He is equally prone to fits of mania. It is an unnamed malady, but our mother suffered in the same manner. Based on my experience with both of them, there is very little that anyone can do to alleviate their distress—and please understand that it is truly and deeply distressing.”
“Do? What do I do...?” She glanced at her husband, who was watching intently, his hands clenched in his lap.
Mashed potatoes were simple; she had perfected the texture he preferred and of course only put a small portion on his plate to start.
Oh. He had been listening. He slowly lifted his head and attempted to glare; it seemed that the effort was too great, and he fell back against the pillow heavily, but his eyes remained open.
Mycroft shook his head. “I do not believe so; he’s looking for a constable with the first name of Greg who has an adult but mentally handicapped nephew. The man in question’s father is named John and his brother is (he paused and shuddered a bit) ‘Mike’. There is no way anyone would connect that with DI Lestrade from Scotland Yard, myself, Dr Watson, or even my brother himself. The fact that ‘Lock—as he was calling himself—has not reappeared and no one has come looking for him has probably led the policeman to believe that he was found and is safely back home.”
The nurse, who had stepped out of the room for a moment during their visit, returned with more papers in his hand. “Is that enough for now?” he asked, looking down at his patient. “Why not put your things away and get washed up?”
“Yes. I have no idea if any of it is any good—it just seems sheets and sheets with lines and dots to me—but when he is engaged he seems to forget where he is.”
Mrs Hudson chose the third applicant. As my duties now included responding to the bell, I had had the opportunity to meet each of them, and of course joined our landlady in her interview with each. She had had Sherlock move her to her tidy sitting room for the interviews. She had been distressed but also saw the need to be on the settee, where she could decorously keep her foot raised. I believe that she made quite an impressive figure like this—something like Cleopatra, perhaps—and she laughed herself quite giddy when I suggested this.
“Every night. He seems to respond well to motherly types, so he’ll like you… I mean, not that you’re not…”
“Your brother’s working,” the nurse explained. “Would you like a book?” He offered him two from the pile at the foot of the bed.
I nodded again; she was correct, and I had been so gratified to see him consume the nourishing and delicious dish with such relish.
“Thank heavens you’re here!” I exclaimed as Mycroft strode energetically into our rooms. He tossed his dripping umbrella (it was a beastly day), coat, and hat in the general direction of our coat rack and, without having to ask, went straight into Sherlock’s bedroom. I was close on his heels.
I know that I should try to sleep a bit. Henry has already indicated that he will keep watch. He has claimed one of the side chairs by the fire. It is not comfortable enough that he risks falling asleep, he explained. He will also keep the fire lively and the candles lit. I am so exhausted that I am certain that the light will not keep me awake.
His patient had curled up on the bed, his knees up and his arms wrapped around his legs, and he was rocking himself. “Oh, jeez. I’m sorry. Let’s get you dressed.”
“My poor sweetheart,” I remarked, finally offering him the sympathy he clearly desired. “You must be cold.”
“Sherlock, I was so rigid I found it nearly impossible to dress until I recalled the maggots that you assured me would remain on your table (and they did not),” I reported grimly.
Sherlock had not moved a muscle the entire time I was reading, and he did not now, either. He sat bolt upright on the sofa, his head bowed and his hands clasped tightly together in his lap.
“Perhaps,” he offered shyly, “if she is in need of employment, and if Mrs Hudson is amenable, we could continue to have her here? We would continue to pay her wages,” he hastened to add. “Mrs Hudson should not have to resume the heaviest tasks in the house. She has been quite pleasant lately, despite her immobility.”
“No—just interested. It was in the papers. She was not a very good poisoner, as it turned out. She had been at it for twenty years before the poor fellow finally expired.”
The image of his brother’s naked body would mix and merge and morph into other images in his dreams for months—and those images were of the death camps of Nazi Germany.
Huge mansion? Sure. Security better than Buckingham Palace? Easy, as it turned out. Mysterious, similarly-garbed, silent men and women who, even when requested, were reluctant to remove their sunglasses. Why not?
It was only when I announced it was time to retire that he even acknowledged my presence. Then, slowly, he raised his face to mine where I stood before him. I reached out my hand to him, and he hesitantly took it. I pulled him up and extracted him from his nest. “Come to bed, my love,” I murmured. He nodded and allowed me to tug him to his bedroom.
No. He wasn’t fine. He wasn’t safe. He wasn’t supposed to be at Mycroft’s. He wasn’t supposed to have a nurse. John did all that. John took care of him. Where was John?
Keyed up, neither of them had any inclination to retire, so they both changed into something comfortable and found one of the many filmed versions of
“It looks like you are kneading dough, which means that you are standing, which is in direct defiance of my orders to stay off your foot.”
“Very well, then,” she huffed. She turned back to her patient, her face lighting up in an overly-bright smile. “We’ll just take care of that bad little spot with you sitting up, all right?” With a slight grunt, she knelt and rolled up the pyjama leg covering his right shin.
What was going on? He had been having a nice time with the babysitter—Daddy must have had to go to work. She had liked his drawing and read to him and didn’t shout at him even when he had spilled some of his soup. Then he had gotten tired, so he had very happily curled up with her to look at his book some more.
Sherlock shrugged. I felt ill; my breakfast sitting heavily. Was this true? I had not known him long enough; had not been his doctor and friend long enough, to fairly compare his recent incapacitation to his earlier state.
, he moaned to anyone who would listen (and many more who wouldn’t)—a series of dreadful, noisy, crowded, tedious, loud, irritating, unnecessary days filled with ridiculous customs, unwanted sentimentality, horrid music, obscene amounts of food...
When he returned, he noted that his brother was looking at himself in the mirror curiously, as if he didn’t quite recognise himself. He dried him off as carefully as he could, brushing the towel gently over the most recent injuries, and helped him into the softest pyjamas he owned. Sherlock ran his fingers down them, apparently enjoying the feel of the soft fabric. He did the same with the dressing gown.
The older nurse sighed and motioned for him to follow her. They entered the bedroom that their patient was supposed to be using. There were several pieces of A4 paper on the table. He approached them a bit hesitantly. From Winifred’s demeanour, he suspected that he wasn’t going to be seeing pictures of faeries and bunnies.
Yorkshire puddings. Sherlock accepted gravy, which was a bit of a surprise, but only because it was piping hot and in a small cruet of its own, so he could rip off strips of the light, golden treat and dip them into it one at a time before popping them into his mouth. He even unbent enough to give a short lecture on the science behind the dish, and Mrs Hudson took him up on his challenge to perform a few experiments with her recipe and technique.
I am livid. Sherlock has absolutely pushed me to my limit. I have been astounded at his behaviour these past few weeks, but today he insulted me so cruelly that I very nearly struck him.
Of all the feelings that had assailed him since that first glimpse of his little brother on the grainy CCTV image, for some reason his father’s gentle tone was the hardest thing he ever had to bear.
The next page was rather intriguing. It consisted of pencilled rows of numbers, mixed with some odd marks and letters. As his eyes scanned the sheet, he was able to discern the pattern: numerals, a dot (or circle or @ sign; it was difficult to tell with Sherlock’s handwriting), more numerals, a tiny vertical line, and then a capital letter. This pattern was repeated to form pairs that ran down the page in rough, rather misaligned columns. It took him a minute to decipher some of the messier characters, but when he did, it confirmed his suspicion: they were latitude and longitude coordinates. He would need to know what location each pair pinpointed.
Sherlock is locked in the next room, all by himself. I hope that he is not too cold. We cannot allow him a fire or even a candle at the moment; the risk of him setting fire to the curtains or bedclothes is too great. Everything has been removed from the room, in fact, except for the bed and a few books (we have decided that he cannot do much harm to himself or anyone else even if he throws them) and some paper and pencils. When it becomes dark he can neither read nor write, but there is nothing else to be done.
How had she done it? Had she somehow clambered in through the window with the plates; the crystal? No, that seemed unlikely. The height of the sill from the ground would have made it challenging for someone to lift themselves up, let alone hampered by skirts.
He was really being quite fussy, despite my attempt to pacify him. I offered him my hand to assist him into the tub, but he waved it away impatiently.
And of course that leads me to wonder how much more of your writing is invention—sick fancy. Are there truly any people to worry about their reputations? Or are they all inventions of your sick mind? Your wife told me that Mr. Holmes is a mad man; that he has bouts of insanity. Who is to say that any of these so-called cases ever happened? How could they have? Is he so mad that he believes it all to be real? Is that it? Do you take his flights of fancy and sick inventions of murder and robbery and turn them to your own benefit? I understand that you make far more from your writing than you ever did from your failed practice. I do note that the law is not involved in many of these ‘cases’—is that because they do not actually exist? How Scotland Yard turns a blind eye to this—I am at a loss.
I also understand that I deserve to feel as awful as I do. I cannot eat or sleep. I am unable to concentrate. I have turned away clients. The only thing that calms me—that drives away the thoughts about all the horrible things I have done and said to you that constantly barrage me—is one of the very things that you despise.
“Please, please, please, my friend,” I murmured. “Come with me.” I was finally able to stand and to draw him up. He clearly would not have moved if I had not been guiding him. I brought him into his bedroom and gently pressed him to sit and then lie down in his bed.
She had him back in bed now. He was being unusually complacent. He had allowed her to help him from the bed and into the bathroom. As was obvious, he was in no shape to do anything other than sit. She winced in sympathy as his leg hit the seat, but he seemed to take no notice.
“It’s fine,” I whispered, and she gave me a small smile. I had long ago realised that that was her habit. Her long skirts regularly covered her to her toes, and of course when she comes up to our rooms she dons her slippers, but more than once I have noted a distinct lack of noise when she walked through the kitchen or her own rooms.
“What about your brother? Despite your father’s precautions, I am certain that his powerful observational skills detected all.”
I am appreciating our faithful servant Henry’s attendance. He is calm, thoughtful, and efficient. He seems not the least bit bothered by any of the more unsavoury aspects of our situation—Sherlock is in great need of a bath, and I realise now as I write that he did not even have his tooth-brush with him in his exile. The discomfort this must be causing the fastidious man is maddening.
It was on the train that Sherlock seemed to finally show that he was affected by our hideous encounter; he had given me just the slightest hint when he mentioned the possibility of Miss Stoner suffering repercussions from her discovery by her stepfather, but as we flew along the tracks, it obviously began to disturb him more and more. By the time we reached Leatherhead, he was sinking fast into one of those low moods which worry me so. If it overtook him entirely, he would be utterly useless for the investigation. I dreaded those situations much more than him simply refusing a case at the outset, for I would be forced into the role of detective myself, making all the enquiries and coercing him to at least pretend to be keen on the scent of something.
Mycroft gazed thoughtfully at the closed door, considering their conversation. He had wondered if the scars might be bothering his brother—particularly the one on his thigh, of course—but hadn’t known how to ask.
That leads me to the second accusation I hurled at you that day—that your time at war was characterised by a false bravery buoyed by bright uniforms and the self-importance of the soldiers of our mighty nation. You are, in fact, the bravest man I know. I have endangered your life so many times, and you have never once shirked even the most unpleasant and hazardous of circumstances. How I could let such a falsehood pass my lips is inexcusable.
“Yeah. He just… switched off. Over. Whatever. It was like it never happened—for him. Then it was the library and dinner—he ate well—and I read to him a bit and then he….”
“Eat your dinner, Sherlock,” he admonished, raising his head. Instead of complying, his brother, mimicking his actions, pushed his own plate away. The younger man’s curls (shorter and tidier, certainly, but still
He looked up from his book, surprised to find himself alone. He cocked his head and listened. Ah. Low voices in the hallway. That was all right, he supposed. He was a bit fuzzy on where he was, but it seemed comfortable, at least. A hotel? No. One of those old-fashioned inns that… someone. He had gone to inns like that with someone, and that someone had liked the “ambiance” whatever that was but the rooms were always drafty and he it was a he well of course it was a he girlfriends were not his area he didn’t like to be cold and blankets extra blankets orange blanket soft blanket special blanket special times special person very special person who was he he tried to remember he wanted to remember it hurt his head but he had to remember or it would kill him
“He did allude to sometimes getting ‘in the dumps’ when we first met, but this is the first time that I have observed it.”
This particular episode—the first I was to witness—lasted approximately ten days in total. He spent a great deal of time in his bedroom. I did, of course, look in on him constantly, and sometimes brought him tea or some of Mrs Hudson’s good soup. I did as his brother had instructed, speaking gently to him, encouraging him to take some nourishment (I sometimes sat up with him in his bed and actually held the teacup or the spoon to his lips), and assuring him that the horrid mood would eventually pass.
I had been expecting this, but the bitter words hurt nonetheless. “I am perfectly capable of being angry enough at you to move out whilst still being concerned about your well-being,” I replied with dignity.
But here we are—and I cannot even now completely believe that I, a grown man, welcomed another grown man into my arms in such a manner.
He remembered all the times that he had been lulled to sleep by a gentle, sweet song played on the violin, the beautiful and calming notes drifting up the stairs to his bedroom.
“Nothing. He had a rotten day. Escape attempt number three while they were trying for a scan again this morning, and he succeeded for long enough to get his hands on some money and go straight to a dealer.”
“I really can’t say.” Mycroft’s statement was so uncharacteristically unsure that she nearly dropped her mobile. “That is, he’s not himself. I have no idea if he’s going to head to Baker Street, or to find a dealer, or try to leave England.”
He nearly dropped his lens in his shock. I had never done such a thing, not even during our first case together, when I was still weakened by my war injuries and subsequent illness.
The older man considered this for a moment. “All right. You’ve had enough for now. How about a little diversion?”
I honestly do not believe that I could have positioned myself better—there was the issue of my not being spotted, after all, which I was not—and how could he determine that my hiding-place was faulty if he has not been to the very spot to observe the actual lay of the land? Miss S’s description was accurate and useful, but she did not specify the location of every single bush and tree and stone in the road.
As I cannot do that, I must do the next best thing and explain to you that I truly did not mean a single thing I said. I was frustrated and angry at myself for not solving that case more quickly, and although I blamed you, it most certainly was no fault of yours.
“I’ve been observing the ebb and flow of the crowds going through the doors,” he explained, trying not to smile at the shorter man standing so close to him.
to be that way; he was positive about that. The junkies? Well, perhaps not so sympathetic, and some of them really did tick him off—he did not include the dealers, who he would have gladly rounded up and dumped into the Thames—but at some level he found himself sympathetic with many of the addicts. Who knew what circumstances in their lives had led to their first hit—or to their most recent?
“I am taking you where you need to go,” his brother cleverly demurred, and in his addled, childlike state, Sherlock accepted this assurance—for a bit.
“Mycroft! I’m so sorry. I did not mean to injure you. Truly I didn’t. It was just that the knife was there and so were you and… and…” His speech faltered and slowed for the first time all day.
I did not know how to address his condition. He seemed utterly unable to respond to me at first; I was not certain that he was even truly cognisant of my presence. Finally, though, he took a deep, shuddering breath and wiped his hand across his face.
“Do you think that the law will ever change?” he asked quietly. His question surprised me, as I thought that he had drifted off to sleep.
“He has his ways. We communicate quite well, he and I.” Winifred’s usually warm, kind eyes were glittering and cold, and she was glad that her patient was too out of it to take any notice. It would have frightened him, she suspected. “Time to go,” she stated flatly, jerking her head towards the door.
At that moment, though, I was much more concerned with what Sherlock intended to do or what effect he intended to elicit, for the most horrific element of the situation was that there was not a word of her letter from our accuser that was untrue.
I found the cloth again. “As you might recall, I had a wife, and clearly that did not appeal to me,” I assured him.
“Are you all right?” I had been growing more concerned about Sherlock by the day. He moved about in a dreamy, distant way, not answering questions. He would sit at the table at mealtimes, but more often than not after a bit he would rise again, leaving his food untouched, and stretch himself out on the sofa, his eyes shut and his fingers steepled and just resting on his lower lip.
Did he? No. He couldn’t rest. Not now. He was looking for something. No. For someone. Who? Damn. He had just had it.
The remainder of the afternoon and evening, my love did his best to get me to forget my woes. His woes, as well, of course, for if this creature exposed me, she would expose him as well.
The other half often ended in spending the early morning hours in A & E or in some rancid room in some dilapidated, disgusting building that should have been (might have already been) condemned, holding the head that housed one of the most brilliant brains he had ever encountered as owner of said brain puked his guts out, or raved about oysters and playing cards, or sometimes just went cold and silent and terrifyingly still and Greg was now an expert at taking pulses; at counting respirations.
His brother got to his feet, swaying slightly. Everyone in the room paused in their activities, and then they were astounded by the broken, battered, terrified man suddenly grabbing the nurse’s hand and tugging her along as he lurched out into the hallway.
. She shook her head in disagreement over the list of his medications; according to her, he should have been taking several in addition to what he was already receiving, each of which contained no fewer than four syllables. She groaned about the notes regarding his freedom from any sort of schedule. She also tsked tsked over Mrs Parker’s protests about what she had requested (ordered) for dinner.
“I’m getting him a phone and a laptop, but he’s going to need a few more things,” Anthea reminded him.
“Oh, this is lovely,” I agreed, taking a sip. Unlike a port, which I certainly do enjoy, this was not heating in any way. With it she had brought a dish of the lightest biscuits—they were really rather exquisite.
“I thought it would be a nice change from that old set,” he replied, tipping his head towards the bookcase in which the cardboard-and-plastic set resided.
I admit it—I was taken completely by surprise by this. “I have never once felt that you approved of my choice in theatrical performances, or restaurants, or… well, the first time I wore my bowler to a crime scene I thought that you were going to faint.”
“Excellent advice,” Sherlock agreed. “You would have done yourself a service to simply invite the doctor here to meet. Instead, due to your...
“I can assure you, my dear friend, that I will be perfectly fine on my own and in fact prefer it. Go back into the house and complete your examination of the scene. I shall sit here on this bench in the shade and await the completion of your exertions.”
Upon discovering him, Sean—the assistant in the car with him—and his driver had quite literally tackled him, and while Mycroft summoned the two assistants who had remained behind in his office to come out and help, Benjamin sat on his legs and Sean held his arms. The four of them had to man-handle him into the house and up the stairs.
He did wonder about it—those times when Sherlock did not seem just traumatized and speechless but almost regressed, one could say. He made no effort to obscure his behaviour, selecting children’s books, seeking out physical comfort and contact, and playing as he had done when he was very young. He curled up with a blanket or cushion, and—this was the most distressing to the older man—he would put his fingers or his thumb in his mouth and whimper and cry.
“My love!” I exclaimed. “That was quite foolhardy of you. What if he turned out to be a maniac? You could have been attacked and I would not have had the slightest idea where you were.” I stopped my ablutions and looked at him quite sternly.
“No…” I was laughing still, although quietly. I did not want him to think that I was teasing him. “How observant of you.”
John glanced at his phone. He could have sworn he had gotten a text alert, but there was no message.
“Highly public difficulties, apparently,” I said, my voice low. “I am ashamed. I had no idea that my indiscretions were so widely known.”
“You know as much as I do. You know that he hasn’t been eating or sleeping; that he is exhausted and sorrowful about nothing in particular. What he needs when he is like this is for someone such as yourself to encourage him to eat a little; to assure him that the mood will eventually pass. Stay by his side if he wishes for company—and for comfort—but do not press him overmuch, especially when he seems particularly distressed. I know that I am asking quite a bit of you, but I would not if I did not think that you were capable.
The third, shaped like an enormous bourbon biscuit—well, that one actually held biscuits, and he ate one while pondering his next move.
of days. It’s simply not relevant to him. I do not believe that he has any sense of time at the moment—he seems quite confused. I am certain, however, that he knows that he is in London.”
“Now what would you want an eye patch for?” He suspected he already knew the answer and smiled at the mum, who was looking a bit calmer.
“You do recall the foods that my brother finds acceptable,” he stated, seating himself at the large round table and indicating with a nod that she should sit across from him.
“Did anyone offer any restoratives?” I asked, my professional concern taking hold of me. That sort of thing must be happening all over the city, I reflected.
My instincts, at least at the moment, were correct, and once I had laid everything out, he seemed to rally a bit, standing and waving me out of the room as he stared at the elegant trousers and shirt and—well, all the bits—that I had placed on his bed, being especially attentive to arranging all the items so that they could be easily donned in order. Eventually he emerged from his bedroom (I had retired to my own bedroom and donned my evening apparel, then waited for him in our sitting room) dressed as elegantly as he ever did. Truly, he could have appeared in a tailor’s advertisement, so beautiful was he.
“He and I have been discussing your condition, yes,” I admitted. I saw no reason for subterfuge, and in fact wished to avoid any appearance of it—he is sometimes so apprehensive.
‘Lock, startled by Mycroft’s outcry, whimpered and pulled back from him. Was he in trouble after all? He hadn’t meant to. Where was Daddy? Daddy wouldn’t shout at him.
I do recall now, however—so distinctly it could have happened yesterday—how that first horrible mood seized him. Mrs Hudson was bringing up an early tea, as we had plans to attend a concert and have a late supper in a restaurant afterwards. I was looking forward to it—a chance to don evening dress, to enjoy the music, and then to discuss the programme over some lovely meal and a bottle of wine. It would not be the first such evening we enjoyed together, so I was rather shocked when, like a terrible maelstrom engulfing the city and paralysing it, the first dark clouds began to gather in the sky.
“I am delighted to hear that,” he began. He was speaking slowly; almost languidly. “I am a great admirer of those who perform acts of charity. What in particular do you do?”
Sherlock managed to maintain his show of resilience until we boarded the train for London. There, he finally allowed the façade to drop. He brought his feet up onto the seat, wrapped his arms around his knees, and, with his face hidden, rocked. There was little I could do in such a public setting other than pat his shoulder. I could not get us back to Baker Street quickly enough, and longed for the ability to fly.
“No! No, I do not mean to disturb your investigation. I am sufficiently in control of my wits to obtain a cab.”
It was not the first time Mr Holmes had housed someone who required around-the-clock nursing and, of course, the highest degree of security and anonymity possible.
He had the one suit; what would he need another for? He only ever wore it to funerals these days, anyway.
Then I obediently took myself into his bedroom. I rummaged around among the various shoes and boots in his wardrobe before retrieving the damaged pair. I was a bit puzzled—I had assumed that I would discover another note in one of them. I rose—and there it was, pinned to the inside of the wardrobe door, at my eye level.
“A few months ago, I considered,” he began in a conspiratorial tone, “that is, I almost went out in a cravat instead of a necktie.”
“I needed time to cool off,” I explained. “I was angry and hurt, and I did not want to exacerbate the situation by expressing those feelings when I was so hot.”
“Could we not simply advertise for a servant? Even if it is a temporary position, there are always many people desirous of employment. Sherlock, give me my bag.” I held my hands out and he obediently placed it in them. I looked up into his face. Yes, he was clearly distressed.
“I see.” I was still not entirely convinced, but it seemed the most likely explanation for Mr. Bloom’s unexpected interjections during his wife’s condemnations. And if it were not true, he would have either professed ignorance or objected vigorously against Sherlock’s declaration that they had an ‘arrangement’. He had done neither.
He had pulverized the tablet, and the resulting powder was barely noticeable, particularly after he added the milk.
“I do. I promise you as I promised our parents that I will take care of you to the best of my ability, and now I promise that I will not send you away. Those rooms are yours—and you could visit for social reasons on occasion, you know (his voice took on his usual stern and condescending tone at this)—but particularly whenever you need more care than your doctor and your landlady can offer on their own.”
His was as well; he cleared it before continuing. “So… you see… I could not return to the farm. I wanted to know more about the folks who suffered as my sister did. I wanted to see them treated better.”
“Lie down,” she ordered, attempting to force him back. He balked at this as well, snorting through his nose at the indignity of it.
I was relieved at this. The turmoil of the search for a reliable maid had been excruciating and none of us were keen to have to begin again.
But let me go back to the beginning. The first fact that had necessarily been changed was that I did not awake with Sherlock standing by my bed. No, it was our ever-patient Mrs. Hudson, in her night-dress and wrap, who stood there at quarter-past seven. We had long prior established an understanding of our arrangement, and even if she was not privy to the most intimate of the details, she knew that most nights Sherlock and I shared a bed. That night it happened to be his (it usually was), and she had shaken me awake, as I was on the nearer side.
So that was how we had ended up in my bedroom, with my darling draped rather decoratively across the bed and being no help whatsoever—I was most assuredly home. And now I had drawn out of my valise some new articles of clothing that I had purchased during my absence from our home, eliciting his exclamation—and I admit that I was a bit cruel to threaten to leave again.
He nodded, and then I became greatly alarmed when he began to rock himself—exactly as a small child, bereft of any other comfort, does. And perhaps this is what caused me to do what I did. I cannot think of any other explanation. “Come over here,” I invited, spreading my arms wide.
Christmas Day had been punctuated with calls, mainly on John’s phone, including one from Greg Lestrade. He sounded a bit muzzy and subdued.
I realise that I am rambling. In writing about this situation, I find that I am musing a great deal about it. At the time, I was not nearly as mindful of any of these thoughts, my mind being overwhelmed—nearly torn apart—with my fears about our impending interview.
I have inquired and he has—rarely—replied, in a fashion. He does not weep about anything in particular—contrary to what many people might believe, he is not thinking about the recently widowed woman; the kidnapped child. Only once has he been able to truly reveal what distresses him so.
“No… that was not it.” She stopped speaking, looking so distressed that I wished to embrace her as I so often did my darling when he was unhappy.
He was utterly determined to strike out for New York. His thinking is so disordered that he did not have a bag or even any warm travelling clothes, but he seemed to believe himself prepared for the journey.
It has just struck me—all those people out and about in the broad daylight. Who were they? What were they doing? It was so odd to assume that every single one of them was having an ordinary day, doing ordinary things, but that is what one must do. In order for the city to function as a whole, and not to end up in despair and anarchy, every single person had to, at least to some degree, simply assume that the man walking behind them on the pavement was not about to strike them with his walking stick. No shop keeper would be in business for long if he thought that every customer who entered his premises had nefarious intentions. Someone carrying a single red rose might not even get a second look.
Sometimes doctors and nurses made appearances. Sometimes one or two of Mycroft’s assistants, in their identical black suits and earpieces, would stand in the hallway outside the guest room or even inside of it. Sometimes Mycroft himself would enter the room and stay for a long time, emerging with a tight, exhausted expression on his face.
“He will be here as long as he needs to be,” he replied stiffly. He turned to head for his home office. He paused at the door and glanced back at her. “The barber should do something about his hair, as well.”
“Calm yourself. I presented myself as an old acquaintance of yours who had been out of the country for some time and was attempting to locate you.”
My dear friend turned and glared at his brother, and the look was the most terrible thing I have ever seen. I am trembling, even now. I, who have run into enemy gunfire, am trembling. Why does this affect me so? Why does the possible fate of this man—my dear friend—make me so unsteady; so unsure?
Finally, to their great astonishment, Mycroft Holmes himself had announced that he would stay with his brother, and they had all taken that moment to quietly exit the room.
He was startled when the eerie eyes suddenly narrowed and focused on him; they were cold and intense and mesmerizing. “How can it possibly be enough when I haven’t identified… oh. Oh!” The eyes were now open wide in amazement. The change in expression was incredible. “Identify… that’s how he scouted out the houses. He’s not an estate agent—he’s doing
“Your dressing gown is on your chair. You will want to divest yourself of your coat after being in the sick-room all day. –Sherlock”
“I think it’s time that my brother moved to his own bedroom,” Mycroft suggested a bit hesitantly. He was not at all sure that his idea was a good one, but he had been observing his brother’s moods, and he seemed different from when he first arrived.
He frowned in a rather sad way and looked down, apparently studying the wet towel beneath his feet. “It is not just that,” he admitted.
He described, briefly, his upbringing. He was literate and intelligent and at one point had managed a rather large farming estate.
He did try. He managed to remain in his chair (on the edge of it, as we ourselves had been seated moments earlier) for nearly two minutes. Considering the state he was in, I took that as a true testament that he was trying to keep his word.
He finally arrived home a few hours ago, and what a state he was in! He had bruised knuckles, a cut lip, and a large, horrifically livid lump on his forehead. His usually immaculate attire was in disarray, his collar and shirt spoiled with blood (his lip apparently bled a great deal; it looks awful and hot now). How he was not arrested for being disorderly in public whilst on his return train ride I cannot fathom.
“That was a bit of luck, me running into Stamford that day,” I interjected. It certainly couldn’t hurt to remind them that there was someone who could verify the accuracy of my love’s statement.
He let the nurse take care of him; he might as well. She reminded him of someone, and it made him feel surprisingly safe.
He indicated that yes, he meant to sleep on his own, so I indicated that he should have what we have been considering the “bedroom” and I would stay in our “sitting room.”
“Apparently only when she was quite small. Then she had to stay home to take care of her younger brothers and sisters.”
[This portion is written in pen; the author in him seemed unable to resist the urge to set up his story with a proper opening.]
“Yeah...” he sighed, then took a deep breath. “I will, you know?” he added, sounding a bit cheerier. “They’ll be thrilled—I’ve got a pile o’ stuff for ‘em. Maybe take ‘em to a film in the afternoon.”
I did not like dosing him, particularly when he was in such a state, but after resisting that path for so many days, at that point I saw no other choice. He at least did not fight the laudanum, and soon enough we were able to carefully unwrap him. Someone brought me a bowl of water and a clean cloth; bandages. I cleaned the injuries as carefully as I would bathe an infant and wrapped them well.
“Mr. Bramsen explained that it was a woman’s ring and that he had lost it in a rather compromising situation. He would not explain more until I came to meet him, and he begged that I come to him alone, as he did not think that he would be able to fully express himself in front of more than one man.”
Oddly, there is one unlike the others; one who seems to have compassion for Sherlock. Instead of resignation or ire, his face reflects concern, and sorrow, and a calm that I greatly appreciate. His approach is quite different, as well. He asks after our well-being every day as if a friendly acquaintance rather than a keeper. He takes time to listen to my descriptions of my friend’s behaviour since he saw him last. He listens to Sherlock, even when he is spouting nonsense. As I do, he occasionally lays a calming hand on his arm or his back. When Sherlock is being particularly trying, he always attempts speaking to him first; before any physical restraint. It impresses me to no end, so a few days ago, I asked him, as politely as I could manage, why he differed so from the others.
Did Sherlock care about that? He had had plenty of time to consider it, and he had come to several conclusions about himself:
“No, I will not be making any arrangements beyond ensuring that you remain here in my home until you are recovered enough to go home. We will discuss it further upon my return.” He took a deep breath. “Sherlock, I only wish for you to be safe, and if it is possible, to be well.”
John sighed heavily. Yes, he knew all about good stories. He knew all about pirates. He knew all about stitches. He knew all about falling.
2) He did not care about what they thought about him using. He wasn’t ashamed of it at all—even when he or Victor miscalculated and he ended up violently ill or doing something spectacularly idiotic.
“I’m a real pirate!” he declared, brandishing the pistol in one hand and the telescope in the other, and both older men laughed when he attempted to look through the glass with the eye covered by the patch. “Oops,” he commented, laughing at himself.
“Begin?” I wondered, suspecting that I already knew what the dear lady had in mind. “You are going to teach her to read.”
“Her daughter was attending her—she was about twelve, and seemed quite sharp and responsible—and she said that she would get her mother safely home.”
I wonder if I should stretch out on the settee or the bed. I prefer the bed, of course, so I can easily check on my friend during the night. Yes, that is what I will do, and I will encourage our faithful attendant to wake me halfway through the night so that I can relieve him and he might sleep a bit as well.
“There is hardly room for both of us,” he demurred, purposely mistaking my intent. “If you wish us to sit together, should we not avail ourselves of the settee?”
“John, what would you think if upon the sight of a victim of strangulation, the constable at the scene suddenly fainted or began to weep?”
“John!” His voice was now slightly petulant. “We have a client. Will you please join me as soon as you are able?”
How keenly he had observed the eagerness with which his brother had consumed the meals that the clever doctor created for him—so it had not been the taste of the food that had repulsed him all those years. It had been the texture and the proportions. Now it seemed to make so much sense. He truly did like many strong flavours (his dedication to vinegar was a bit alarming), but despised anything mushy, lumpy, or stringy. He liked soft, smooth foods like cream soups and chocolate mousse. He enjoyed clean, crisp bites of fresh fruit (as long as it was peeled) and the crunch of toast. (That he had a sweet tooth was a known factor, as was his love of chips and crisps and streaky bacon.) It had taken his clever and fascinating blogger to realise that even foods that he liked could be overwhelming if too much was offered at once.
For a while, the clatter of dice and click of the pieces on the polished wood blended comfortably with the music and cracking fire.
The nurse she had buzzed in (and of course let into the house via the outside door with the metal detector concealed in the frame) was a sturdily built woman with an accent from somewhere in the north.
“We were,” she laughed, patting his hand. “And we certainly love each other—I’m not saying that we don’t. But it’s a… comfortable love. It’s all worn and smooth and soft and familiar.”
Perhaps I did. Perhaps I not only acknowledged but returned his sentiment. I did not do it consciously—not at the first—but yes, I displayed an openness with him and towards him that I had never and have not since offered to any other human being.
“Good lad. Now, you must be a brave pirate. I’m going to give you an injection, right over your eye. It might hurt a bit, but then you won’t be able to feel it when I stitch you up. All right?”
“Could you go on holiday somewhere where you can have rest and quiet and some company? Without your children and husband.”
Sherlock huffed in frustration. “Fine. If I accept—which I am not certain I do—that certain of my actions evoked memories of our intimate times together, even whilst investigating a crime, I still do not understand why you could not… erm…
“I’m sorry. I’m not sure what you want. Maybe once we get to know each other better—would you like that? For us to get to know each other?”
1) Sherlock did not care, in the slightest, if anyone thought that he was into kinky sex acts. Most people assumed that he wasn’t into sex acts of any kind, to be honest, and that was fine with him. That he was a homosexual—well, no one really cared.
In retrospect I realise that his choice of words was purposely antagonistic; that my anger would be much more conducive to navigating the untenable situation than fear or panic. But at that moment, I reacted instinctively, bristling at his words.
“Excellent, John,” Sherlock murmured. I could tell he was becoming sleepy. Regardless, I basked in his praise. I was feeling calmer than I had since the moment I had opened that wretched letter.
“You wouldn’t,” he stated flatly. His statement was directed at his brother, but he continued to look at me, and I could see that the words had struck terror into him.
He walked past me, and I was surprised to feel him brush against my shoulder as he made his way to the table reserved for his chemical experiments. “Use my cup,” he offered suddenly. Of course he had followed my train of thought as I examined the contents of the table.
“I do hope so. The Holmes brothers are without a doubt two of the most difficult men in England to deal with, but they’re both brilliant in ways that you and I cannot even begin to fathom.”
“You’re an idiot,” Greg snarled at him. “All you’re doing is hurting yourself and your parents more.”
a woman—not in appearance nor behaviour nor dress, and especially not in the most obvious (and crucial) feature.
“Yes, I do,” I admitted. “Now, please go on about the case. Did Mr. Bramsen describe the ring in sufficient detail?” Sherlock is a great lover of detail.
I did not respond, but stared dismally into my empty tea cup. It was of a fine and extremely delicate china. We could not currently use such things with Sherlock. In our rooms we were served on earthenware and wooden plates and bowls and nothing on the menu required the use of anything more dangerous than a butter knife.
As he moved through the outer office, he was aware that the assistants on duty both glanced at him somewhat askance.
words—you and Mr. Sherlock Holmes are living in a heinous, filthy perversion of a moral marriage. Just the thought of this makes me feel ill. You are going to hell—and before that, you are going to prison.
“Know what? Please tell me,” he implored. He ran his eyes across my prone figure and were arrested by the letter I was still clutching. Without a word, he gently tugged it from my rigid fingers, rose, and began to read it.
Matilda smiled. “My boys are so wicked—always telling me that they don’t want ‘rabbit food.’” Mrs Parker smiled back.
“Whoa. What happened?” Christopher inquired, alarmed. “It’s all right. It’s just maps—nothing to be frightened of.” He had no idea if Sherlock had heard him as he dropped his forehead to the table and covered his head with his arms.
I celebrate—silently—when he finally sits. He often does not remain seated longer than thirty seconds at first, but I do not protest when he lunges up and out of his chair and resumes his pacing. I simply continue reading.
Mycroft Holmes’ housekeeper examined the image from the CCTV camera that fed images from the gate that shut the rest of the world out of their little empire directly to the little office space she had in the corner of the kitchen. She had a tidy little computer with a decent-sized monitor there, and it was with it that she took care of the household bookkeeping—she managed the paycheques and schedules for Mr Holmes’ other employees, ordered groceries, and coordinated everything her job required.
Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, he glanced around, listening again. He knew that he had limited time. Mrs Parker would be back soon, and he wasn’t entirely sure where the nameless minion had gotten to. Irritating, that.
I kissed his cheek and inhaled the fragrance of his light scent: smoke and peppermint. “I missed you so very much,” I murmured. “I do worry about you—every minute that we are apart.”
I would not swear to it, but I do believe her eyes rather filled up as she waved to us with her handkerchief from the door to 221.
He was, without a doubt, adorable in a way that Mycroft had not been. He had the cherubic face. He had the curls. He had those eyes.
“John,” he nearly whispered, “this is gorgeous.” He skimmed his fingers across the board, then reverently lifted the lid of the box and caressed the polished wooden chess pieces.
“We most certainly did,” she retorted, smiling at her success in surprising me with this frivolity. “Along with half of London. The train was quite full—I got a seat, but Mr. Hudson took our boy onto his lap—he was grown enough that it could not have been comfortable, but there was not another seat in the carriage.”
“Of course. Your descriptions of me in your published stories have been quite precise. If I had gone there in my usual apparel and spoke naturally, I would have been recognised. It would have appeared quite odd that I was inquiring about you.”
Not one person observing me thus, bold in the daylight, would stop and think, “I wonder if that man is not a doctor but a deranged murderer. His bag is full of wicked and terrifying weapons and tools, and he is on his way to slash the life out of an innocent victim.”
“There’s a sticker. It says ‘The Perfect Christmas Gift’ with a little ivy frame. Pretty sure they don’t put those on in the summer.”
“I am somewhat faint but not bilious,” I assured him as I allowed Mr. Harper to help me up. “It is this damnable heat.”
I completed my unpacking and Sherlock rather decisively shut and put away my valise, as if to assure himself that I was truly returned home and would not be using it again any time soon.
Yes, he had. Even though they had lost track of Sherlock months—many months—earlier, every target he hit—every operative he took out—they knew he was still alive; still working.
No. That had to be where they were headed. Where else would they be going? He had to say something. He had to tell him. Still staring out into the night, he attempted to demand that the driver turn around.
Mycroft blew out a deep breath as he finally slid into the car behind his brother; he knew that the driver had locked the opposite door—Sherlock could not get out.
“This morning’s…?” I had been concentrating so much on relieving his current discomfort that at first, I honestly did not recall to what he referred. And then I did.
“Yeah, he’s a puker,” Solomon noted off-handedly. “All done?” he asked his patient. He rubbed his shoulder. “Let’s get you cleaned up, yeah?”
Then he had the audacity to send me to Farnham myself, claiming that his “research” could not be disrupted.
She paused and looked at me meaningfully. It took me a moment to realise the significance of her remark, and I found myself speechless. She was, of course, entirely correct.
he tries again—he will put himself in far worse danger.  If he disappears, or if he is recognised, I can’t—
“Mm. Yes. Shakespeare’s works are quite full up with those.” He took a drink and, with just the tip of his tongue, thoughtfully licked a droplet of wine from his top lip.
The older brother waited patiently, the slightest of smiles crossing his lips. Sherlock would never be able to come up with one word to describe everything that the ex-army captain had been to him. What they had been to one another. There simply wasn’t one—at least in English.
Because of course she had known that he was alive—or he had been, two years ago—and she had never once wavered in her belief that he would return. Of course he would. He was Sherlock Holmes.
He was gratified to receive a piercing look and then, rather unbelievably considering the circumstances, a small smile. “Correct,” the young man stated with some admiration. “What gave me away?”
I felt positively ill. “Good Lord, Sherlock,” I somehow managed; my throat tight. “What was he trying to do?” And then it occurred to me and the realisation left me gasping for breath. “Sherlock… Doctor Roylott’s abominable cruelty towards his daughters—stepdaughters—he plotted their
Once he got him warmly dressed, and hopefully calmer, Dave was going to make a very close study of the notes left by each caretaker. The scars on the thin body were horrifying, and the one on the man’s leg—which had apparently been the trigger for his being taken ill—was heart breaking.
No, that is not honest. I did not wish to release myself. I wanted my love to release me. I desired for us to be back in our rooms, innocent of all clothing and lying on his bed together. I wished to be pressed up against his taut body. I longed to feel his thin, white fingers as they caressed first my face, and then my throat, and then my chest.
Surprisingly, Sherlock had partaken of the dishes he ordered, which consisted of a dish of smoked salmon with a lively sauce and a toasted brioche with camembert. Instead of beer, he had a glass of wine that, he reported solemnly, was “acceptable.”
