was one of the few positives of this mandated bath time. He stepped slowly out of each shoe after John had unlaced them, pulling his trousers and pants off in one go. Last were the socks- John peeled them off reverently as if they were the Shroud of Turin wrapped around his ankles.
August 2018’s Always1895 prompt was bearded!John, but I personally am not a fan of facial hair, so I only followed the prompt loosely.
untrue.) The combined efforts of a slightly altered diet, carefully timed bowel movements, and the best air fresheners that money could buy all worked very nicely to keep John Watson in the dark about his bowel movements.
“What did Mrs Hudson mean?” John broke the silence, looking up from his newspaper. Sherlock cracked an eye open, one leg dangling off the couch as he thought.
Without a word John pressed his lips firmly against Sherlock’s, amazed at how impossibly soft they were. Beneath him, his arm was going numb, so he pulled back to rearrange. Sherlock’s gaze was filled with awe as John lifted himself up so that he straddled the detective, stomachs and chests pressed together as John leaned in for a second time and claimed Sherlock’s mouth with his own.
Having both said their parts, Anderson and Sally stared at Sherlock, waiting for a scathing response. Something sarcastic. Something witty. That was the script. But Sherlock was frozen, face completely, scarily blank.
The E was especially bright. John hoped that meant that it was used more than once, but he couldn't be sure. Now, what on earth could Sherlock be typing with those letters? Hopefully it was a word and not just a string of random letters, as a proper passcode should be...
He grabbed the lamp and plugged it in, reaching for a scrap of paper and a pencil. The light flickered on and he set it near his chair, the blacklight reaching just far enough to illuminate the entire keyboard.
Fireworks bloomed behind John’s eyelids as he tensed, suddenly hyper-aware of his situation. Sherlock placed his hand on John’s elbow, guiding him to stand, never breaking the kiss. It seemed to go on and on, chaste and passionate and hot and cold and more than John could have ever hoped for, or even imagined… and then Sherlock was pulling back, face flushed and a ridiculous grin on his face.
For allowing me to explain. For giving me a second chance. Is ‘thank you’ not a proper response in this situation?
“It’s hardly even enough to be considered stubble,” John smirked, reaching up to feel the short bristles on his chin and cheeks. “Just because you can’t grow any facial hair doesn’t mean the rest of the world shouldn’t.”
As John’s mind slowly rose from the smoky haze of sleep, the first thing he became aware of was how terribly uncomfortable he was. His neck was cricked at an awkward angle on the arm of the sofa, the entire right side of his body pressed firmly against the back rest while his left leg dangled off the couch. Judging by the pounding headache, dry mouth, and vague sense of regret, he’d been drinking last night, and he longed desperately for a glass of water and a paracetamol.
John reached for Sherlock’s hands as he approached, giving them a gentle squeeze. “Are you nervous?” he asked with a smile, feeling as if his heart would burst with pure joy.
She fluttered away, muttering to herself about the state of the flat (“The mess Sherlock leaves! You’d think he was raised by animals.”) and John trekked to the bathroom, finally able to rid himself of the apparently offensive scruff.
Alright then, let us converse. I assume you would like to know why I broke all of the glassware in the cupboards?
They sat in silence for several minutes, drinking their tea and very pointedly avoiding eye contact. John coughed lightly. Sherlock drummed a melody on his thigh. After what seemed like an eternity, Sherlock huffed.
Sherlock licked his lips, eyes flickering across John’s face, before suddenly standing and making his way to John’s chair. Sherlock bent down as John looked up, their noses brushing.
Well, I wouldn’t have been able to surprise you at your doorstep that way. By the way, your front door could use new locks.
Sherlock Holmes finished his rapid fire explanation, removing his leather gloves with a finality that conveyed the confidence in his assessment.
The doctor shrugged out of his jacket, hanging it carelessly on the rack. “Of course not. Doesn’t mean you don’t need tending to every now and again.”
Still, no one moved. John wasn’t sure if Anderson had blinked in several minutes, and his posture had long since sagged into one more closely resembling a cowed dog than a tough alpha-male. Sally simply stared at Sherlock; it was obvious she was starting to see Sherlock in a new light.
“You would know,” John retorted before he could think, immediately regretting the words. “I—no. That wasn’t—I shouldn’t have said that. I’m sorry.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes but allowed John to lead him to the bathroom. “You know, I could’ve solved the case at least two days sooner if it weren’t for the incompetence of Scotland Yard.”
Since you’re stumped, I’ll tell you: I’ve been doing absolutely nothing. Don’t even get out of bed, some days.
“I love you, too, John. I love you in ways I didn’t think I was capable of.” Sherlock finally replied, the corners of his eyes crinkling as he beamed at the doctor.
John cupped water in his hands and rinsed Sherlock’s hair, the soapy water streaming down his closed eyelids. “I still need to tend to that cut. It doesn’t look very good, but it’s not serious.”
Wordlessly, John scooted over on the couch, leaving just enough room for Sherlock to perch himself alongside his flatmate. Sensing Sherlock’s discomfort, John turned himself on his side so that he faced the front of the couch.
John groaned softly, nearly driven mad when Sherlock ever so gently sucked on his tongue, and it was the same tongue that swirled swirled swirled around his cock and formed such shocking profanities when John made love to him, and it was all his.
She told me I look like shit and that I need to get help, but (I didn’t tell her this bit, it’s just between you and I) I don’t want help.
I’m so fucking tired of you talking to me in code. I’m tired of feeling like an idiot around you just so you can be clever.
“Finally awake, are you?” Sherlock commented, voice creaky with disuse but decidedly not groggy with sleep. Sherlock lifted his head off John’s chest, meeting John’s shocked gaze.
"I have to have administrative permission to download anything in my account. Might as well skip that and use yours."
He was sure he had typed it right. He'd double checked, triple checked- hell, he'd even typed it out one letter at a time, like an imbecile.
The blood roared in John Watson's ears as he ducked under the bridge to the safety of the outer brick wall. The gun, firmly grasped across his chest with both hands, was slick with sweat. Adrenaline coursed through his body, his fingers and toes humming with excited energy, and under the heavy vest his heart was beating like a hummingbird's wings.
I only leave my flat so that people don’t think I’ve gone off the deep end, which I suppose I have. It’s worth it, since I can talk to you.
Sherlock turned, looking John up and down as if scanning him for any signs of deception. His gaze was carefully guarded, but not even Sherlock Holmes could hide the small sliver of hope that was gleaming in his eyes. "Tell your landlord to purchase a new doorbell; this one's about to give out."
“You’re just jealous because everyone else is normal and have relationships but you’re a just freak who wouldn’t know what to do with a girlfriend if you somehow managed to get one,” Sally added with disgust.
John’s eyes flashed with desire before he reigned himself in. “We can discuss payment tomorrow, Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock huffed, nestling himself into the couch even further. “She is under the impression that I have, in the past, taken on male lovers and that I prefer them without facial hair.”
Lestrade, long used to Sherlock’s peculiar style of relaying information, didn’t even blink before he turned on his heel and was in action. “Reeves, Polluck, go back to the halfway house and arrest the nephew. Jones, wrap things up here and head back to the station.”
“John, I want you to go get a cab,” Sherlock said quietly, mouth barely moving. His voice was suspiciously calm and devoid of emotion. John, of course, didn’t move. Sherlock didn’t repeat himself.
It’s not her fault you were in her lab when you got Moriarty’s text. It’s not her fault she’s the one who did your autopsy. It’s not her fault that I can’t even think about leaving the flat without having a panic attack.
“That’s why I have you, Doctor Watson,” Sherlock murmured as they both drifted off to a contented sleep.
You’ve said it yourself that you’re a sociopath, Sherlock. Why should I believe you if it goes against everything you’ve ever told me?
“Look at us. We’re both idiots,” John laughed before smashing his mouth against Sherlock’s, their teeth clacking almost painfully. John’s erection, which had flagged during their touching exchange, returned with full force, and he was amazed to feel that Sherlock was having much the same reaction.
... this is literally the first WIP I've ever finished??? I know it's really short but like... I actually did it?? Wow.
I forget who I’m talking to. You left me for two years without telling me you were alive. A few days doesn’t mean much to you, does it?
John’s eyes closed again as he melted into the touch, a small sigh escaping his lips. When Sherlock woke he would be absolutely dismayed at their situation… but then again, bodies were only transport to him, so maybe not. But for now, John was going to enjoy this stolen moment of intimacy with his flatmate.
Sherlock scoffed. “That’s ridiculous. We’ve been planning this for months now, took every consideration and caution, besides the fact that—“
Sherlock shifted, too, so that their faces were centimetres apart. Somewhere in the flat a clock was ticking and the early dawn light was beginning to seep through the windows, casting a surreal glow on everything it touched.
John smirked at Sherlock’s poorly disguised admission of hunger. “It’s only fair,” he agreed solemnly, smirk betraying him.
Having finally caught on, Anderson raised his chin and crossed his arms, seeming to dare Sherlock to speak. God, he really was an idiot.
John smiled graciously at her, wishing desperately that he had just remembered his bloody razor when he left for Dublin on Friday morning. “Yes, well, I don’t think I’m keeping it.”
Nearby he heard someone curse as they stumbled and fell, and John peered out from around the pile of crates he was hidden behind only to pull back, just narrowly avoiding being shot.
John stood and gingerly set his laptop in his chair before grabbing the lamp. It looked like a regular lamp; he only knew it was a blacklight because he distinctly remembered telling Sherlock upon its arrival not to take it into his room upstairs and half-wondering what he would find in the detective's own bedroom.
John cupped a handful of hot water, gently pouring it onto the detective’s ivory curls. Little streams flowed down Sherlock’s temples and nose, and he sunk lower so John could access his head with more ease.
Sherlock’s breath hitched as John glanced up to his eyes, surprised to find that his own wonder, lust, and reverence were matched in the detective’s gaze as well. John leaned forward slightly so that their lips brushed together feather-light, too afraid to ruin the moment. Sherlock swallowed, the noise audible in the silent flat.
"This is ridiculous," he announced, placing his cup on the coffee table. He stood, took three strides to where John was seated, bent down, and kissed him.
And this is where Sherlock gets all huffy, so eager to contradict his flatmate that he stumbles over his own words— “John is—he’s making that up! I didn’t— the bathroom did not
Despite the fact that his eyes were closed, John knew that Sherlock rolled his eyes as he replied, “You were only gone for four days. I’d barely noticed your absence.”
Sherlock's arms dropped and in three long strides he had John pinned against the brick wall, lips pressed against his in a desperate kiss, as if Sherlock needed John more than he needed oxygen.
"Thank you for inviting me to the case, it's been quite interesting. I'll call you if I think of anything."
James smiled sympathetically. "Go on then. If you ever need another night away, you know where to find me."
John turned his face away, and pressed a hand over his mouth to suppress the stray chuckles that he could not control. By the time Sherlock had hailed a cab and they were on their way to Baker Street, he felt a bit calmer, and decided to voice his thoughts from earlier. "That really was brilliant, how quickly you pulled that case together."
Sherlock had only 'hmmed' distractedly, as though this would be enough to get John to stop bothering him and leave him alone.
...In a bizarre way, nothing was really different. Only John's perspective had changed... There was still nothing to do but
John wished he could believe their client. Where were all these 'kind' instincts when his daughter was born? How could he actually care about her when he'd spent so much of her life in willful ignorance of her fate? And why was his old relationship such a scandal anyway? All he'd done was
Sherlock loitered outside the Royal Opera House, waiting for his replacement. Normally he never would have bothered to double check on a task which Mycroft had accepted. Mycroft never went back on his word. However Sherlock had never given Mycroft anything truly important in the past, Sherlock preferred to do his own work. That was one of the reasons he'd primarily worked alone…before John.
Mrs. Wallingford mangled a handkerchief between her two hands as she sat across from Sherlock. Her grief was genuine, that had already been established. There was no point or advantage in wasting time at this juncture, so Sherlock was direct. "What changed in your husband, Mrs. Wallingford?"
Now, three days after Alexander's last letter, John was absolutely stymied by stitching closed the Y-shaped opening in the chest of a young woman that Molly had finished working on early that morning. The needle and coarse black thread did nothing to calm his mind...
So many people were amazed at his "art of disguise." Sherlock bit back a snort of derisive laughter. Idiots. People paid such superficial attention to each other these days that it hardly took any energy at all. Worn out clothing smeared with dirt and oil, a calculated slump around his hips and shoulders to reduce his height, a dull brown wig which had seen better days, and he looked like any other person sleeping rough. Sherlock barely bothered to smudge dirt on his hands and face, the clothes where almost enough on their own.
The ex-army doctor made his way to his seat and settled in, staring at the reflections of the passengers around him in the mirror while trying to look absorbed in the scenery. At least the dark aired man was gone, if he was ever really a threat to begin with.
According to the case file Mr. Werner was both the landlord of a low-income apartment complex that was currently under renovations for modernization, and the owner of a small dog shelter that operated out of his home. On paper, Mr. Werner was a veritable saint, but appearances were
"Mr. Watson," Eva's gentle voice broke in, and John looked up to see the counselor stepping out from behind the front desk. "I am terribly sorry for this confusion. I don't know why yet, but it appears that your sister's name was switched with another patient's in our electronic medical records. Those were the only things that were switched." Eva bit her lip and shook her head. "I've never seen an error like this before. I'll have our I.T. department look into it right away."
John understood that. She understood that. Even so, understanding and change are not the same thing. His heart, for example, understood that there was still a chance for his sister, despite any logic his mind might provide to convince him otherwise. Harriet's fatal flaw mirrored his own. In her head she knew she was a worthwhile person with a lot to offer, but her heart had given up on those possibilities a long, long time ago. It was John's greatest hope that his sister's next treatment could reconcile both their minds and hearts.
"No, this is unusual. Maybe it's been building over time, I don't know. Typically he just whines about wanting cigarettes and his gun." James raised a surprised eyebrow and John elaborated, "He used to be into drugs, and he
Sherlock lay on the sofa, staring up at ceiling of the sitting room, listening to the rain attack the windowpanes. His hands, usually so carefully pressed together just under his chin lay limp and listless, one cascading off the edge of the sofa and trailing on the floor, the other draped across his abdomen. His brilliant mind, normally swirling with a million thoughts, connecting the smallest but most crucial bits of detail together into the deduction that would solve a case, was painfully focused on only one thing:
"Never," Harry promised, pressing one last kiss under her brother's ear before tearing herself from his arms. She took her place in line without looking back. If she thought too hard about leaving her brother behind...she might not be able to do it.
"I'm not going to force you to do anything you don't want to do. If you want to go on as we have, we can. If this makes you uncomfortable we don't have to continue to be flatmates." John smiled when Sherlock's grip tightened around his hand. "Or we could be something more." John paused and licked his lips, his nerves showing through. "I mean, everyone and their mother already thinks I'm your boyfriend... It would be nice not having to correct them."
"How do you even intend to do this, Sherlock? He's probably at home getting ready for the funeral of his
John glanced at his pint which was still mostly intact, then back at the stranger and nodded. "Sure."
John licked his lips then, and his gaze darkened. "My point is, Sherlock, that I can do this, bond with you, without ever touching you again, if that's what you want."
John lifted his head and glared at Sherlock through his fingers. "And?" he insisted sharply, taking his hands away from his face.
Sherlock strove to refocus his mind on deduction… It was possible John's dead patient had been a victim of the crash… but doubtful. Overdose wouldn't be suspected until blood panels came back, and with the accident as bad as it was, they'd be more likely to have died of their injuries, or it would have been suspected that they died of internal bleeding until the labs confirmed the overdose. Such an outcome would be upsetting to John, because he cared, but neither would have resulted in the use of Narcan.
A slow smile crept over Nikki's features, and the tension in her shoulders eased. "Yeah, but I know that's not true."
John wormed his way into the sitting room, and rounded the corner into the kitchen. He set his bags down on the table, feeling stupid for being disappointed that there was enough room on the table for him to do that. It was amazing what could grow on you, even if it annoyed you...
simple, but simulating how it grew and matured was not. If he could do it at all, it would cost him more time than he had. It was a year after he was first injected when he returned to solving cases with renewed gusto. By that time he had only one year left, and he had to make it count. He did not expect to be greatly remembered for the work that he had done; he just wanted the satisfaction of winning the game.
As usual, Sherlock never knew when to stop talking. He continued by saying, "She's planning on blackmailing you, you know, once she's past the typical dates for miscarriage."
, lurking in the center of the criminal underworld. He had his finger on the pulse and flow of London, and much of the world beyond it . The world's only consulting detective sole remaining purpose in life was to dethrone his unknown rival from their position of power.
The ex army doctor shook his head and refocused, trying to look at the scene in front of him with new eyes. "You said that Mr. McAndrew has been here?"
A young man walked ahead of Sherlock holding the hand of a four year old girl. The girl had sturdy boots, a warm coat, and a pink woolen hat. She skipped beside her guardian, carefree. The young man's clothes were simple but warm. He smiled down at the girl as she looked up and beamed at him. In that shared smile Sherlock knew they were siblings, not father and daughter. The genetic similarities were too consistent. He was her guardian though, probably had custody. That much was obvious in the way he held her hand and looked at her, his expression was part love and part fear. He'd only recently taken on the responsibility, but he was doing a good job. Children that young were terrible liars and she was as carefree as she appeared. Time would tell if she stayed that way long.
John forced himself to take several deep breaths before asking, "What does all of this, have to do with the case, Sherlock? I need an explanation,
Sherlock resettled his arm on his chest, and John's fingers settled on the pulse point, measuring his heart rate. John had the same expression on his face that he had when he was talking about his sister...but of course that shouldn't be surprising. He was a doctor. He liked to fix things. He liked to play God...they weren't so dissimilar in that sense.
Still holding the glass of water in one hand, John raised he free one in surrender. "Hey, I take care of Sherlock for a living. He's the best babysitting training there is. We'll be fine."
John shifted his weight from one foot to the other, dubious. "Wouldn't this also be a distraction? Not to mention dangerous if he's in as deep cover as you say?"
They rocked together, finding a rhythm, then John pulled Marcus down roughly on his cock, and held him there. Marcus squirmed and rolled his hips, anxious to move. "J-John!" he gasped, but he made no other protest.
Lestrade and John were with him; they were currently walking up to a non-descript house in the suburbs of London. Lestrade had been called in because of suspected kidnapping, which widened the usual range of search. Sherlock scanned the front of the house with disgust. Everything was tediously typical and boring. The front gardens were neatly kept, the house was in good repair, and well within the means of a middle class family.
Harry was almost sobbing now her fevered breathing filling the room. "Are you saying that you are your addiction?" the counselor asked after a long pause.
John wished he could just teleport to England. As desperate as he had been to come here for his ailing sister, he was even more anxious to get back to Sherlock. God only knew what kind of mess he'd gotten himself into this time.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at his blogger. "Blind devotion?" he drawled, the hint of a sarcastic smile on his lips."
"It will," John assured her, placing a hand on her shoulder. "It can get better forever if you go into residential treatment after detox, start working a program."
The world's only consulting detective nodded at the bereft figure before him, "Miss. Williams," he said by way of farewell. He turned a nodded similarly at her father, who had crossed the room to kneel beside his daughter and reach for her hands. She wailed and flailed in her hysteria, and would not return his consoling grasp.
"He's a giant two year old drama queen with an unhealthy need to be the center of attention, if only so he could shut everyone else up," John replied in a rush, rolling his eyes.
Evelyn ducked her head for a moment, a blush sweeping over her pale cheeks, and Sherlock smiled. He had made her comfortable, amazed her, and flattered her. She would tell him everything she could.
Sherlock paused for a moment and although Molly worked her jaw slightly no words came out, only a small strangled sound.
John stopped at the edge of the grave, trembling in the early morning mist. The last time he'd stood here alone he'd breathed a silent, desperate prayer that he never believed would come to pass, despite how much he wanted it...
Closing the door behind his brother-in-law, John fought the urge to blush. Whether he acted like a child or not, there was no doubt that he loved his husband, and took great pleasure in sharing his name. Even after three years, he never tired of hearing it. He would feel some guilt about giving up the Watson name, but Harry and Clara, who now shared said name, were eight months away from delivering someone who would continue it.
John saw the blush creeping down Sherlock's chest, his breath coming in quick gasps, and felt the trembling muscles of Sherlock's thighs. He was close. John leaned up slightly, beckoning Sherlock down for a kiss. Sherlock met him halfway in a sloppy, perfect mashing of lips that could only be called a kiss in the loosest of terms. John's hands twitched on Sherlock's hips as he felt his knot start to swell, and a rumbling growl rose in his throat. "Mine!"
Security guards, clerks, and several truly honest persons had been immediately, and pointlessly, fired, with no leads to show for it. Sherlock would have been able to tell the Yard that for nothing. Stealing such a dangerous document was a move so ballsy that only a delusional low-ranking employee, or someone of significant political power, who was confident in their ability to get away with it, would even attempt it. The seamlessness with which the documents had disappeared, and the fresh graphite found on the lock to the vault had given it all away.
John ran a hand through his hair and turned to stare sightlessly at the rows and rows of medical texts on the wall, trying very hard
For all the still bodies in the room, many were still flailing, so it took William a moment to register three new, upright bodies in the room. As soon as he saw them he screamed something unintelligible and lifted his gun. John started to raise his own gun, but his was only a pistol and William's looked to be a hunting rifle. John took aim and pulled the trigger anyway. Almost at the same moment that he fired Mary was in his arms, and her body jerked violently. John wrapped an arm around her reflexively, then both arms, because she was starting to sink to her knees. Sherlock scooped the gun from John's loose fingers as he fell to the floor with Mary. An icy fear gripped him when he felt a sticky wetness coat his hands. Several loud cracks of gunfire sounded, shattered glass sprayed the room, and Mary's fingers tightened in the fabric of John's coat. People were sobbing, screaming, and gasping all around them, but Mary's last murmured words rang loud and clear in his ears.
John pounded furiously on the front door to 221 Baker Street. He'd gotten the address from an officer named Anderson who was only too happy to help in an endeavor that had the slightest chance of inconveniencing and/or irritating one Sherlock Holmes. His righteous indignation faded slightly, when a kindly looking elderly woman came to the door. "Can I help you?" she asked, smiling kindly at John, who now looked quite flustered.
But what could he do? Harry had only just started the long journey ahead of her, and John had to stay for as long as was needed.
Sherlock moved his left hand up to grip John's wrist. He tried with his right but it screamed with pain and wouldn't respond, so he left it; it was probably broken, but it would heal. "He was going to push you if I didn't do something."
"I can't promise that I always would," Sherlock murmured in reply as John's fingers began to massage in the oil.
John shrugged. "In a way. I was surprised no one had ever thought of it before. It's become part of the new training program for military alpha's in charge of at risk omegas. It's rare for someone who isn't a doctor to be selected anymore, I think. They want someone who's used to caring for injured people to help the training protocols sink in."
"Yes, yes," Sherlock cut in. "We're all well aware how much reputation means to you, especially considering the prestigious law firm that employs you."
His words certainly couldn't ensure that his consulting detective came back to him safely. For all his emotional upheaval... this might really be the end of their story. He would get the details from Mycroft later, if the worst came, but Sherlock would still be...
John leaned closer to the sun catchers, pretending to examine them while he shifted them in his hands. That dark haired man had been behind him for a very long time, hadn't he? The good doctor let the trinket slip from his fingers and sighed. One thing at a time. There really was very little he could do if he was being followed other than to stay alert. As if the adrenaline flowing through his veins would let him do anything else. Shoving his hands in his pockets, John made his way back to the train. With travel so congested, the last thing he wanted to do was miss it's departure.
, Sherlock." Again John's voice was thick with emotion, but he didn't try to hide it. Sherlock knew where he stood, and John wasn't ashamed of how he felt.
"Lift up, John," Sherlock murmured and his hands grasped the clothing at John's waist. John struggled to comply. It must have been enough because he felt his trousers and pants come away. Sherlock must have already gotten his socks and shoes.
John sighed softly, set his tea cup down, and slowly rounded the table until he was standing behind him. John stared hard at the muscles of Sherlock's back, watching them bunch and tense under his scrutiny. He
John let out a heartfelt groan as he felt his muscle finally give way to Sherlock's insistent touch.
"Go on," Sherlock encouraged, impatient now that he had John's attention. He had set John's computer down on the desk and was on his knees, leaning over the back of his chair.
Thank you to everyone who left me a comment; I love hearing what my readers are thinking! Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to my story.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
John liked milk in his tea. Or at least, he should know. John had made a point of complaining about the lack of milk often enough. That, apparently, was just the way Sherlock was. Thoughtless, selfish, and self-centered.
John and Marcus walked together towards the elevator, and John smiled when he felt Marcus's fingers link with his own.
Having his feet under him once more, John followed Mycroft with the sure, steady steps of a soldier, uncertain if heartache, disappointment devastation, or...or hope waited at the end of that long narrow hallway. It was an answer he couldn't turn away from. Not now. Not after...everything. It had to be...
John shook his head, thinking of the poor conditions, limited supplies, and the types of conditions such doctors often faced. "No, but a good doctor here at home is always needed."
Sherlock opened the door to 221 and bounded up the steps. He was nearly inside his flat when Mrs. Hudson called up the stairs after him.
Laurali heaved herself onto the bed, in what had once been Sherlock's room, grunting with the effort to get comfortable. "I hope that's the case," she grimaced, "because I really think you're about to deliver this baby."
John's smile was undeterred. His thumb had begun rubbing soothing circles into the skin beneath it. "You're not as much of an ass as you'd like people to think. You like to go on about being a high functioning sociopath. Thing is, sociopaths aren't born that way. I've done the research. Sociopaths often start out as very caring people and are made the way they are because of how
"Mr. Wallingford spent his last working days locked away in this room," Mr. Murphy said softly. "Most people didn't know he was still here. He worked right up until the night before his surgery, then for the two weeks after he had recovered, before…well…"
John felt an arm coil tightly around his side and pull him closer to Sherlock. He looked unsteadily up into his flat mate's gray/blue eyes, his breath coming out in short puffs and he shivered.
Sara looked thoughtful for a long moment, then sighed. "I hear what you're saying John, but I don't have any additional hours right now."
Sherlock glowered, but she was undeterred. "I expect the check tomorrow, Sherlock. John used to take care of it for you, but he's not around anymore, is he?"
"Don't give me that face," the ex-army doctor said with a warm smile, though his eyes brooked no argument. "It's been two days since I've made a point of you eating, I've been more than generous."
Mr. Murphy stood abruptly, toppling the chair he had been sitting in. "How dare you?!" His voice was indignant, but not raised so sharply that they were likely to be overheard outside the office. "I love my wife!"
John was unaware of the steadying breath that he took at that moment. Being a soldier, he knew he had to brace himself for the worst; it had become automatic.
John walked over to two chairs in the corner, separated only by a small table, and Tim followed him. They sat and John placed his folded hands on the table, leaning forward slightly. "What happened?"
It wasn't a case, but it was something to do. Better still, there was always the chance a case could find him. The theater was no stranger to real life drama. As the ambulance pulled away from the curb Sherlock turned and marched past Mr. Walker towards the Royal Opera House.
Sherlock glanced down at John and their eyes locked as John descended his body, leaving obvious marks in his wake. When he reached Sherlock's hips, John growled and lifted then, keeping them a few inches off the sheets as his mouth descended on Sherlock's opening.
Mary stood and walked towards him, frowning. "I can give you a massage, if you want," she suggested, nodding her head towards John's shoulder, where his hand still rubbed the stubborn muscle. "I'm not a massage therapist, but I probably know enough to help with the pain."
"Her child had also been a boy, and so it was an easy thing for Victor's father to collect him from the nurse he'd been left with and present him to Mr. and Mrs. Clemons. He repeated many times how much the boys' mother had not wanted him, and how he had really been helping the child. I imagine he said as much to Mr. and Mrs. Clemons in an attempt to ameliorate his conscience."
Several long, breathless minutes passed before Sherlock murmured, in a halting voice, "You know… there are still two bedrooms at 221 B." It was as close as he could bring himself to ask for something he knew he didn't deserve.
Nathan seated himself calmly on the sofa opposite Sherlock and ran his fingers over his own cheek, mirroring the location of Sherlock's injury. "I'm sorry about my brother. He's tightly wound, and the thought of stepping into our father's shoes on top of such an unexpected loss..." Nathan trailed off, his gaze shifting to the floor. He swallowed thickly before making himself meet Sherlock's eyes once more. He loved his father, they all did in their own way. The Wallingford's were a surprisingly well adjusted family, all things considered. But even well adjusted family members cracked under the right pressure...
"That's against policy, not stitching her up," John muttered, his eyes still fixed on the snow white chest in front of him.
Sherlock nodded and leaned down to speak with her before the gurney was lifted into the waiting ambulance. "Ask them to take you to Charing Cross Hospital, Dr. Watson is on shift tonight, and he'll look after your arm."
Pushing the hurt aside, as had become second nature, John watched Mrs. Aster leave, and then turned towards the nurses station to finish up his notes.
Harriet's back arched violently, her muscles contracting to force bile and mucus from her empty stomach. John feared she would suffer a spinal injury. She'd already broken a rib…she was
"This is going to be a hard sell as a search warrant, Sherlock," Lestrade replied, his voice low and angry. "Those were legitimately rented apartments for a long time."
Greetings!  We've made it to the end of the story!  I know my thanks at the beginning of every chapter can be redundant, but it is really important to me because your support and encouragement keep me writing.  I love knowing that I have an audience out there, and what they think of my work.  So, once again, thank you to everyone who has left comments, given kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to this story!  I sincerely hope you've enjoyed it, and will stick around to see more from me.
"I haven't," John cut her off. Her words stung, but he refused to let his emotions get the better of him. Not now. "Quite the opposite, actually."
her husband, so John had brought flowers to lay on both of their graves. Loss was never easy, but John was doing his best to make his peace with it.
In less than two minutes Sherlock had checked and rejected every body awaiting its final resting place. The lanky detective stepped back and scanned the drawers, eyes flitting over the numbers, mind racing.
The symptoms did ebb and flow in a way Sherlock had given up trying to understand. Sometimes it was almost easy to ignore but other times, and more often recently, everything hurt and burned and ached making each breath an agonizing distraction.
John hesitated for a long moment before deciding that he couldn't really think of another way to express his general comfort and support.
"This will just take a few seconds," Sherlock insisted, stepping back, fractionally increasing the difference between the couple. "I don't want to cause any trouble, I just want to talk to-" Sherlock paused, looped an arm around the woman's waist and drew her tightly to his side. "What did you say your name was, my dear?"
Sherlock started at the paper before him for a long moment, staring past it to the newest dent in Mrs. Hudson's wallpaper. Greg had called some time ago, possibly days, and when Sherlock hadn't called back, Mycroft had started calling. Sherlock had used his own phone for target practice to get the ringing to stop. Even so, it would not be long until his elder brother deigned to visit. He had forgotten how irritating those visits could be, they'd mostly stopped since John moved in…
"Hey, shouldn't you still be having drinks with Greg?" her voice was warm and welcoming, if somewhat concerned.
Sherlock shut his eye more tightly, and shook his head, fighting the tremors adrenaline wanted to unleash throughout his body.
John was struck by the intensity of Sherlock's gaze. He was an intense man in general, but it was something altogether different to have that intensity fixed on you. "Is that better?" John murmured, his breath ghosting over Sherlock's hands while his own resumed their gentle rubbing.
John walked out of the bathroom, wondering if he should dress and leave, when he caught sight of Marcus spread languidly over the sheets.
John had found his calm in the chaos, somehow; content to surrender to what he could not control. It wasn't that he'd ever given up fighting for a better way, more that he found strength and order in what he could manipulate in the midst of chaos. Uncertainty did not mean he was powerless. Since adopting this mindset, he'd found that he spent less time fighting useless battles. This unexpected marriage of chaos and order inside his mind had, naturally, lead him to pursue the contraindicated position of an army doctor. War and peace. Life and death.
When he had first spoken of his intentions, his father had been livid. His father was adamant that Jessica was only after money and power and would be a blight on the family name. Nothing he had said could convince his father, and his father had threatened not only to remove all financial support, but also to ensure that he was blacklisted from every possible place of employment in the medical field. He had managed to complete his medical training before his marriage, so they were not entirely without hope.
John, who had originally thought that Sherlock was being cheerful to be snide eyed the consulting detective suspiciously. He
Mary met John outside the restaurant. She had changed from her work scrubs into a soft pink dress with black leggings; he could see the edges of the dress peeking out around her tan coat. She greeted him with a hug and ushered him inside, out of the bitter winter winds.
"That's why you started cutting back hours at the surgery?" Mary asked "Because of the time you spent with Sherlock?"
John was tired, sleeping less than five hours a night when he functioned best at the textbook eight. He
John winced at his own carelessness. He really should have returned home with the letters, or just called and asked James out in the first place, but he couldn't tolerate any more time with Sherlock just then. That, and his sister's good news had made him feel like reaching out for some happiness of his own. As he took the letter from James, their finger's brushed, and he looked down at his sister's note once more. She'd written:
"Thank you," Eva replied softly, and Harry managed to look back up at her. She was smiling. "You don't need to feel sorry for me, though. Understanding what it is makes it easier to deal with. Most days it's actually not this bad. I just needed a bit of a rest."
Consciousness returned, but slowly. John worked a tongue that felt too think for his mouth through his lips, blinking away the cotton that seemed to fill his mind. His vision was blurry at first. He tried to raise his fingers to his eyes and wipe them clear, but his hands were bound to...something. Unable to lift his hands more than a few inches jolted John's adrenal system, flooding his bloodstream with enough adrenaline that he was able to lift his head, furiously blinking his vision into focus.
"It's fine," John assured him. "I just wanted to drop this off, before any further changes in scheduling." John held out the legal sized white envelope and Eric's face fell.
"And I can do a lot more than just observe, Mycroft!" Sherlock retaliated, and then gestured violently at the gift he had worked so hard on. "I built this whole bloody piano on my own! For
John grinned sheepishly into his pint, at once embarrassed and relived to have been caught stalling. Being the responsible one, the strong one, had never been easy, and a night away from his own personal hell sounded so very appealing. "You're couch would be brilliant," John replied.
His landlady smiled warmly and stepped into the flat, reaching out to place a hand on John's arm. "Sherlock told me about your sister. How is she doing?" Mrs. Hudson's eyebrows furrowed in concern as she spoke.
Sherlock and John shook the snow from their coats and hung them on the rack by the door. The roads had been clear so they'd made good time from their small home in Sussex. It was the same home that Mummy and Father Holmes (Evelyn and Elijah) had occupied while they still lived. Sherlock still tended his father's garden of poisonous plants, and he'd added his own collection of bee hives. The bees were currently housed in their massive greenhouse for the winter.
"What?" The patient asked, sniveling and lifting his head just slightly from his knees to peer at Sherlock dubiously.
He hummed quietly to himself as he meticulously observed the microscopic world before him, watching his influence take over it. When he paused to make another notation, his left hand groped uselessly in the empty air beside the microscope. Sherlock blinked, and looked over at his outstretched hand. Where was his tea? It was
The compressions distorted the rib cage to an unsettling angle. John would have called it unnatural, except the rib cage was naturally flexible. It wasn't built for the beating that CPR normally delivered, but a broken rib was almost always better than death.
John smiled, and blinked away a thin layer of mist from his eyes as he was hit with a fresh wave of longing for his lost flatmate. He didn't need to put any more of that longing into writing though. It was plain as day from the first anyway, from the tone of his letters. Alexander had pointed that much out himself.
had put that particular hurt there in the first place. He had to stay focused on the case, that was the one and
"There you are. I thought I told you to call ahead. Lucky for you that my guess was accurate." She paused then, and started to walk towards him. "John? Are you alright?"
"What happened last night?" John asked leaning forward in his chair. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Sherlock still slumped back in his chair, eyes closed.
John's breath stuck in his throat, and unshed tears burned in his eyes. He blinked against the summer rain and kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock's grave...
"Why do have this picture in my head of you storming into their house, barreling through the study, kneeling at the fireplace, assembling the letter and blurting out your theory all before you had been properly introduced?" John asked with a wry smile.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head disapprovingly. "Sherlock, this is one place your stubbornness won't help you, I'm afraid."
John nodded in agreement. "Just keep practicing, and using your brace, as well as icing it when you need to, and you should be fine."
"Do you?" Mary asked leaning over his shoulder. "Because from here it looks like you're still fighting the first layers of firewall on a temperamental system, trying desperately to avoid the self-destruction protocols."
Sherlock pressed the heels of his hands firmly into his eyes and swore, loudly. "That is probably a laundering operation for stolen items, but you have missed
They should go, John decided. Maybe Mary was right, and this was something he had to do, but that didn't mean he couldn't walk away. He had every right to. His life had been turned upside down enough. It was time to leave, and this time he wouldn't look back, no matter how sorely he was tempted.
Mary smiled again. "Yes. I have a free bedroom in my flat and I thought dinner would be an easy way for you to come take a look."
"Bedside drawer," Sherlock murmured, lavishing John's thighs, cock, and abdomen in wet, sucking kisses. At length he crawled back up John's body and delved back into John's kiss swollen mouth. He'd meant to reach for the lube and condoms, but as usual John was distracting him, and for once, he didn't mind at all. John was
"No," Sherlock assured him, pulling John down for another kiss with his free hand. John rocked against Sherlock then, swallowing a gasp as he pulled partway out, and then pushed back inside. John kept an even, unhurried pace, reveling in the feel of Sherlock against him, and every small gasp and moan. Sherlock writhed under him, alternately pressing his head back into the pillows and pushing up against John for a messy, wild kiss.
A grin broke over the ex-army doctors lips before he could stop himself. He really should be mad at Mycroft for taking such liberties in his flat-would be mad, if he wasn't so excited to see another letter from Alexander in his hands. It had been over a month since John had sent off his last letter with the elder Holmes brother, and he had begun to worry. He hadn't forgotten what lengths Alexander was going through, or how dangerous his mission was...
A cold feeling clenched tight in Johns chest, but he nodded. He'd never backed away from a difficult situation in his life; he wasn't about to start now. They slipped into the backseat together and sped on their way to 221B.
For now, I am on to a smaller project, called "What If." It will be my first, and probably last omegaverse, written by request. My next big project after that will be entitled, "Choosing Love." Here's a little sneak peak on that one:
Greg peered at him through his fingers. He did trust John, and he mostly trusted Sherlock… "Put you two aren't registered in the foster care system," he mused regretfully, taking his head from his hands.
John beamed at him and pulled Sherlock in as tight a hug as the hospital bed and bandages would allow. When John finally pulled back he said, "You still owe me an explanation, Sherlock. About this case, and the poison, we're not all consulting detectives you know."
James gave his hand one final squeeze and said, "I hope you have a good day," before he turned to leave. John smiled and placed his hand in his pocket so it wouldn't lose the warmth James had transferred to it. He smiled to himself and watched James walk away for far longer than he should have.
"Not today, Mike," he snapped, shifting his gaze from the microscope to a pad of paper at his elbow as he made several notations.
Shaking himself out of his reverie, John went in search of his husband, and their new ward. He found them, curled together on Sherlock's bed. Sherlock had his arm around her shoulder, pillowing her head. Laurali had leaned into Sherlock's side and, apparently, fallen asleep. Maggie, their cat, was nestled against Laurali's stomach, purring quietly.
Sherlock chuckled softly and John glared at him though the gaps in his fingers. "I'm glad I amuse you so much," he murmured wryly.
Sherlock sighed softly, feeling his trousers start to slip down his long legs while John's hands explored his chest, his hips, his bum, and his slowly hardening cock. John pulled away from his neck, slowly circling until he was face to face with Sherlock. Sherlock blinked dazedly at him and reached for John's jumper. In an instant it joined Sherlock's shirt on the floor.
John sucked in a quick lungful of air, and forced himself to roll over onto his side. He reached up and ran a hand over his face, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. His heart hammered in his ears as he pulled himself into a sitting position and threw his legs over the side of the bed. John griped the side of his bed tightly and blinked in the dim light of his bedroom. He'd been having a nightmare...
At least Sherlock wasn't doing anything more annoying than typing away on his computer.  Then that also stopped.  Fine.  Silence was good.
Margret Werner had been a house wife who wanted an escape, but hadn't seen a way out, so she'd made little worlds in her garden and spent what time she could there. This was the smaller front garden, facing the street, which meant the house
thing. "He's been very subtle. Odds are we're going to need to catch him in the act, and even that will be tricky with how indirectly he's been committing these murders. Our best source of data is likely to be his office, he spends most of his time there. He's at a meeting with the Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust board of directors. He's blocked off his entire afternoon for this meeting, so we should have time."
"Why put yourself through so much trouble for a stranger?" Mr. Walker pressed, as Sherlock had known he would.
"Tell your story, Mr. Brenton. Begin at the beginning and leave nothing out, no matter how insignificant it may appear to
pleased. He had known Sherlock long enough, however, not to call him out on it here because, presumably, he had a good reason for it.
Sherlock's fingers danced across the black and white keys of the piano and Beethoven's 5th symphony rang out crisp and clear in the morning air. The piano was in tune, the pedals worked, and it shined with a fresh polish. It wasn't a grand piano, just an upright, but the accomplishment made him glow with pride all the same. Mummy had helped him gain access to the supplies and tools he needed to build it. It was meant to be a present to his brother for his eighteenth birthday.
The world's only consulting detective gracefully set his violin down on the desk and began to methodically rosin his bow. "It must have been bad tonight."
John smiled ruefully. "All the same, I don't want to give her any ideas. I could do with something simple for a change."
Maybe it was Alexander's promise to help John in his own, final case-the truth behind Sherlock's fall. Or maybe...maybe it was everything. Their similarities, their grief, their connection... For just a moment everything had been too much and it had
John frowned because he knew Sherlock was right. His body was littered with many scars, some thin and silver, others darker and more obvious. None of them were as dramatic as John's old bullet wound, but they compensated in sheer number. "Why did you do this, Sherlock?" John asked, dipping the towel in the warm water, and lifting it out again to wash Sherlock's laceration. "Why were you in such a panic? What does the man who screamed have to do with the case?"
Harry rocked slowly in her chair, listening. She wanted to believe that was true, but...she wasn't sure. She wasn't sure about anything anymore...
Greg's messages never became urgent, probably because Sherlock and Mycroft both had been able to assure him that, while John continuously failed to return Greg's messages, he was, in fact, safe. More or less. What John hadn't expected was Greg's shift from prying to concern for Sherlock.
The bed creak as Sherlock stood.  He walked around the bed, knelt by John's head and handed him a glass of water from the nightstand.  "Rinse, then take a small sip," he instructed.  John obeyed, grateful to clean his mouth out.  John spit into the bucket then took a small sip of water.  He hoped this one would stay down.
Sherlock's lust-filled mind finally comprehended the meaning behind John's commanded eye contact when he felt hands gripping his backside, and a finger poking at his entrance. Sherlock sucked in a breath, feeling uneasy. John's hand pulled away, and he sat back on his heels, his hands gently caressing Sherlock's hips. "Are you alright?"
The cupids bow lips parted in defeat, and the tablets were pushed inside. John pressed the glass against Sherlock's lips next, and watched him drink. Sherlock's eyes narrowed and he turned his head away after John had pressed over half the glass of water into him; much more than was necessary to wash the medicine down. John smirked, victoriously.
John forced himself to reach into his coat pocket and retrieve the damned bottle that had started this little excursion. It was still encased in the bag Molly had placed it in back at Barts. John withdrew the whole package and tossed it at Sherlock. Sherlock caught it, naturally, but his movements were a touch less graceful than usual. John clenched his teeth tightly together to fight the impulse to ask Sherlock if he was alright. The pressure of his tensed muscles was giving John a headache. This whole
"I'll manage," John assured his landlady. And he would, too; for Harry's sake. John would do anything for those he truly loved.
Mrs. Hudson glanced down at the letter in her hands, then held it out to John. "Oh, the postman just dropped this off for you."
James nodded solemnly. "I understand. I'm sorry, too." He glanced around the quiet park they'd been walking through and said, "This is a good place to go our separate ways."
During his recent campaign push, Arthur had been hanging all over the current prime minister, squeezing every possible pointless photo and public visit out of their friendship. He was running under the over-used campaign promise that he was a man of the people who would sort out the corruption in the system. The lock to the documents vault had not been tampered with, aside from fresh graphite being found inside. The locks were regularly maintained and everyone, except Sherlock and Mycroft, suspected the fresh graphite was part of this maintenance, meant to help keep the lock lubricated. Sherlock suspected that Arthur had made an impression of the prime minister's key during one of their endless public appearances or private dinners, and used the impression to create a copy. The copy might be slightly rough, and so he had applied graphite to the lock to help things along.
something to people. No, if there's no note it's likely an accident, if there is one it likely a suicide, and a text just screams 'I was murdered!'"
John was shaking his head slightly as he read, whishing his sister was here so that he could talk some sense into her, or shake her, or something.
Wiggins glance up, looking puzzled for a moment, then flashed Sherlock a grin. "Will do, you too, mate."
"Well, in all honestly, it's about a murder, but the husband did it, and he runs a dog fighting ring. That's where the body's hidden and I need an unparalleled search dog to help me find it. I find the body, I shut down the ring. Lestrade's a soft touch just like you, all the dogs will be well cared for."
James nodded. "I know, but I don't mind. I would need to go near 221 B to get home from this direction, so it's not really out of my way." James paused for a moment then leaned a bit closer and murmured, "I like being your friend, John. You're not a burden."
activity after being so recently and violently widowed-many people dealt with grief by struggling for a sense of normalcy-it was the
have that title, but he had to try. What choice did he have? Sherlock was gone, irrevocably. There was no way John could willingly open himself up to that potential threat to his sanity again, he wasn't even sure he could survive this current loss. It had taken everything John had just to survive Sherlock's fall… But John Watson was a survivor; always had been, always would be. He would find a way.
Sherlock nodded slowly, still trying to wrap his mind around what John was telling him. "You compartmentalized your psyche."
"I will need a laptop with access to the companies' electronic files and a secure room," Sherlock announced, springing to his feet. "I presume you can provide one?"
important though; Sherlock had finally remembered the ring. A ring so thin that it was barely noticeable until it caught the light of the room and reflected it. He had seen it on the dowdy assistant to Ms. Adeline...and he might just have seen it on the hand that tried to smother him in the Dwight case. He couldn't be absolutely certain, but it was a possibility worth exploring, especially since both cases had been less than successful with a strong hint of something he had missed. Why would a syringe be placed in Ms. Adeline's hiding spot? Why would an outside party steal Mr. Dwight's incriminating laptop? It certainly hadn't been Mr. Dwight or his family, they had all been accounted for when the police investigated Sherlock's assault. There was something there...there had to be.
Without warning, Sherlock violently struck one of the orderlies over the head and used the momentum to ram the orderly into the closest wall. The man slumped with a small moan, not exactly unconscious, but thoroughly dazed. Broad fingers clasped Sherlock's arm for a moment before being forcefully pulled back.
Lestrade sighed raggedly. "John's been… detained for evaluation. Apparently Harry came into Charing Cross yesterday morning for alcohol poisoning and there was a mix up with her medications. That was the night John worked overnight, and there's been an investigation. John's been charged with malpractice. The paperwork came through about an hour ago. Apparently someone pushed hard for a psychological evaluation. They caught him just as he was leaving his shift. He's being taken to Holloway Sanatorium as we speak."
"That's fantastic news, congratulations!" Surgery, and the screws and steel plates that would likely be inserted during said surgery, had a much higher chance of affecting Nikki's range of motion and dexterity, and although there were work-arounds, John was pleased Nikki may not have to contend with them.
"Yeah, I suppose you're right," John mumbled, covering his face as a giant yawn came over him. Sleeping on the sofa would have only given them both sore backs. "Thank you for keeping me company."
Miss. Williams, who had evidently been reading on the sofa, started when her father ushered the ex-army doctor and the world's only consulting detective into their living room. John sat as he was bade, trying to be mindful of the grime that covered him. Sherlock on the other hand, strode in confidently and sat down with such force that he sent small black particles flying out from his clothes, across the carpet and the upholstery
Sherlock tilted his head to place his mouth closer to Lestrade's ear, but still kept his face in full view of the cameras as he hissed, "It's bad enough your letting my brother fuck you up the arse, don't let him into your head as well."
Sherlock nodded sharply. "'Harry Watson,' clearly a family member who has given you his old phone. At least I thought Harry was a he. It was foolish of me not to see the big brother complex you had written all over your face." Sherlock shrugged and gestured back towards John's phone, which was still resting in the breast pocket of his shirt. "It wouldn't belong to your father, this is a young man's gadget. It could be your cousin, but being that desperate for money it was unlikely you had an extended family; certainly not one you're close to. That says sibling. I assumed brother because of the name. Now Clara. Three X's implies a romantic relationship. The price of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. She's given this to him recently, this model's only six months old. So, it's a marriage in trouble then. Six months on and he's just given it away? If she'd left him he'd have kept the phone, probably. People do, sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave it to you, which says he wants you to stay in touch. You're looking for money, but you can't ask your brother for help, that says you've got problems with him. Probably you didn't like his drinking."
That was the problem, wasn't it? Marcus didn't really resemble Sherlock, not at all. He was friendly, and personable, and it made sense, working in a crowd that considered themselves very posh , that he would have a thorough knowledge of wine and beer. Still John couldn't help noting the similarities, even if there weren't' many. Marcus had black hair, but it was much more orderly than Sherlock's would ever be. He'd also been able to deduce John's drink, but, as John has thought earlier, this was likely the result of hard work and study on one subject, not thousands.
Once the money had been pulled from his accounts John had felt a bit guilty for following up on things so closely. Either he trusted Mary or he didn't, and if he didn't he had no business living with her. John suspected part of his reticence was simply the fact that Mary was not Sherlock and after living so long with one person anything different, no matter how welcoming, felt…wrong. That knowledge galled him, but only time would change things.
Sherlock grinned. "That's the spirit!" He quickly secured the laptop, it's power cord, and a few interesting looking flash drives that had been stored near it. Tucking the package under his arm, Sherlock ushered John silently back out onto the street.
The ex-army doctor glanced at the paper, frowning at the articles that littered the page. He seriously doubted there was a case hidden in the sales advertisements... "Is there something fishy about those artifacts they're finding at the construction site for the new skyscraper they're putting up?" John asked, gesturing to said article. "They completed most of the digging for the foundation before they found the artifacts, now they're saying those holes in the ground could sit for years while they sell them off."
John waited for respirations to be given before ordering his team to pull back, and administering the medications once more. He pulled up his stethoscope and listened. No respirations and now...no pulse. John cursed softly. "Calling time of death," he lifted his eyes to the clock on the wall, "4:38am."
A sharp pain in his left hand forced Sherlock suddenly out of his mind palace. He looked up, blinking at one Molly Hopper.
Mycroft, who didn't seem to hear or see him, started muttering furiously to himself, his breath coming in pants. "This is unacceptable! My marks and recommendations are
Greetings everyone! Once again the case in this chapter is based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Cannon, feel free to take I guess at the original, and I'll tell you if you're right. ^_^
step of the way, damn him. Apparently John's attempt to so much as bring the papers into neat stacks was "
John reached out a hand and laid it over Marcus's which had fallen to the sheets between them. "At least you had some common sense. I-I had a flatmate that would barrel in, risk of personal injury be damned."
Nikki frowned, blinking back her tears. "But…" she hesitated, not because her opinion lacked conviction, but because of the guilt she still felt. "I
John trotted up to the imposing driver and asked, "Will you take me to the Berne airport, please? I need to catch a flight."
When John had finished another glass of tea, and had made an additional pot to carry him through the afternoon he curled on the couch with a paper pressed against a large book which served as a make-shift writing surface, and began to compose his reply.
Marcus's hand slipped from John's mouth to his good shoulder. "Thank you for a brilliant evening. You have yourself a wonderful day." Marcus leaned down, and John met him halfway in a kiss.
John leaned back and strong-armed himself into a calmer state of mind before he continued his letter. It had been more emotional than he thought it would. He needed a break. With a somewhat steady hand, he changed topics.
Later, in the lounge, John took a long pull from his tea, and was able to find a sense of calm once more; it was only a semblance of calm, but it would have to do. He glanced over at Molly, seemingly absorbed in her own tea as she sat beside him, and nudged her leg with his own to get her attention. "Thank you for today," he murmured.
Sherlock nodded distractedly as their visitor turned to go, wishing John a good day as he headed for the stairs. John watched him go for a moment, lost in thought about all that he had told them, and what he had seen from the world's only consulting detective. For a brief time Sherlock had seemed disgusted that the nobleman's first and only concern appeared to be to save face. John knew he should write that off to Sherlock's arrogance and pathological need to be right, but a part of him couldn't help but wonder if the nobleman's morals had offended Sherlock for any other reason?
"Just carry on for a little while longer, and I'm certain you'll start to see more of what attracted you to him in the first place." She was so assured in her advice, and only trying to help. John smiled and patted her hand gently.
could she not believe him? Sherlock and John didn't speak to each other except to fight, and even that wasn't much...
Frederick knelt to collect the chart with practiced calm, and began to speak once more. "She's been classified as comatose for the moment, but we are still well within the window for a full recovery, and her brain waves are very promising."
If he had never met John this wouldn't even be a decision, but John made him wonder... Sherlock had tried to deny the depth of connection he felt with John, but it had been there before he'd first insisted he was married to his work.
They should've been alone when it happened.  Warm and safe in their apartment.  It would've been fine if it happened on an adrenaline high after a good case.  Hell, even in the thrill of the moment when Sherlock had been in danger, John would have been able to see that coming.
His damned flat mate had been a terror all week.  Moody, experimenting, stupid running around on stupid cases, interrupting John at work, no sleep--NONE--for three days.  John had had enough.  Even if they weren't in-between cases at the moment John would not be dragged out of the apartment for anything.
Forcing a measured breath through his teeth, John forced his mind to settle into the kind of calm he had only ever needed for battlefield surgeries...until he'd met Sherlock, that is. It was the same kind of calm he had summoned to shoot the cabbie on that first case. He needed to hold onto this calm and consider his options...
John carefully sealed the envelope and scrawled Alexander's name on the front. He propped it up by his computer. In the days that followed, as the letter sat there and waited for Mycroft to retrieve it, John would look over at it periodically, smile, and wish again for Alexander's safe return home.
John felt an impulse to look away, but forced his eyes to remain on James's face as he spoke. As sorry as he was to hurt his friend, his silence would only result in more damage. "I shouldn't have let you kiss me." James stilled, but John pressed on. "You've been a good friend to me, and perhaps I've leaned on you too much, especially after you told me how you felt. It was wrong of me to abuse your affections like that, and I apologize."
Sherlock pushed away his irritation that he had reached for his scarf so automatically when he noticed John struggling. The only things that should be that reflexive should be case related; there wasn't room for anything else! Refocusing his attention, Sherlock opened the door to the basement and walked inside.
The truth was, John had become more than a little attached to what remained of his best friend. John had even taken to wearing Sherlock's scarves in the winter.
Sherlock lurched forward and seized the bag immediately. With deft movements he quickly freed the bag of its contents, gingerly lifting the nightgown out of the plastic. On the sides, about where the hands would be, were two smears of a deeply troubling ruddy color.
to go?" Laurali pouted as she shifted onto the ambulance gurney. "You said that Bryan's healthy, and all that."
"You mentioned something about my oral fixation?" Sherlock's brow was arched, but his voice was breathy and his face was flushed with arousal and the strain of tilting his head back so far.
"No!" Susan insisted, her eyes snapping open and fixing on Sherlock. "No, that won't happen, I protect my clients!" Her voice was shaky but it was clear, and loud enough to reach some of the crowd around them. Her shoulders were drawn back now because she'd lifted her head and straightened slightly.
"No, no, no, no, no. Damn it, Sherlock," John muttered to himself in a chant, scrambling down the scaffolding at a breakneck speed. He hit the bottom so hard he rolled wincing as something sharp pressed against the old wound in his shoulder. Sherlock's prone form was feet from him then, stretched out beside James's broken one. John rushed over the uneven ground that separated them and took Sherlock's face in his hands. "Sherlock," John breathed, his heart leaping when Sherlock's eyelids fluttered.
"Naturally," Sherlock murmured blithely. Then his arm a few inches to glance sideways at John. "About what?"
…would that day ever come? Or was that too much to hope for after all those years and the significant impact Sherlock had had on his life?
John moved towards the fireplace and stoked the logs before turning towards the coffee table. He intended to pick up one of the books piled there, as he'd just been thinking about, when he noticed a splash of white against the dark hardwood floor. John adjusted his course and bent to scoop up the envelope that had been pushed under his door. He smiled as he saw the decorative J emblazoned on the front.
"Of course you love your husband," Sherlock said irritably, eager to get to the point. "Just look at your wedding ring."
are we doing here, Sherlock?!" John hissed, bristling as his insane, arrogant, manipulative flatmate took his arm and, with practiced grace, and dragged him after their waiter.
more important than cases. It was a terrifying, but undisputable fact, and that fact alone stilled his hand.
"I'm sorry I hurt you, Molly," he said quietly. She stiffened, almost gasping, and her eyes widened in shock. "Love is not really my area. Although I do not believe you love me. You are instead enamored with the idea of love, and of me. You don't need that kind of connection to be happy or satisfied, and if you can be happy as you are, you will be in a better position to form a healthy, lasting partnership."
With an ineffectual shrug, Sherlock swept into the restaurant proper, leaving John to hurry after him. John was focused on taking deep, even breaths when the restaurant owner, whom John recognized from previous visits, appeared to seat them.
John nodded, thinking of the help he'd given Mrs. Hudson with her own roses. "They can be, but not nearly as temperamental as the world's only consulting detective." They shared a glance, then both began to chuckle.
John surged forward, crushing their lips together in a fierce, desperate kiss. For a moment they were a tangle of hands, and lips, tongues and teeth, and then John jerked away as suddenly as he had come, turning and rushing out the door of 221 B as fast as his shaking legs would carry him.
"I think you've moped about for long enough, don't you?" Mrs. Hudson asked, peering at him over the edge of her tea cup.
"Lock me in whatever deep dark hole you can find, sell the flat, and all his positions, you still won't convince me to 'let him go'. Change the environment, change my surroundings, and I will still be committed to him, our friendship, and his good name. I always will be."
John nodded regretfully, his eyes climbing to meet Marcus's gaze. He enjoyed oral sex, pleasing his partner was as important to John as the encounter itself, but oral sex could still transmit STD's and STI's. Marcus was smart to insist on protection.
Greg resisted the urge to clap Sherlock firmly on his injured shoulder. "Alex sprained his ankle playing football, again.," he explained.
"We'd better follow him," John encouraged, pulling on his own jacket, and handing Mr. Brenton his. "If you don't want him peeking through your home unobserved that is. He's probably deduced your address."
to help me; your sister's treatment would still have been paid for; I've made arrangements to ensure that." John raised an eyebrow, but Sherlock pressed on, "I always keep my promises, assuming I'm not lying when I make them in the first place."
"No, but there may be indications of what happened to her here, or elsewhere in the house," Sherlock responded, turning to face Mr. Werner, who was attempting to loom menacingly in Sherlock's personal space. "The purpose of every investigation is to gather evidence, and to do so as thoroughly as possible. If you, as you seem to be insinuating, have nothing to hide, then there should be no difficulty in allowing the Yard and myself to look around. Ransacking will hardly be necessary."
the methods sometimes, but John would be damned if he let it cost someone the love of their life. The irony of his situation, and Sherlock's sudden smug satisfaction, was not lost on him, however.
Quiet. It had been so blissfully quiet. He hadn't had a quiet stretch between cases like this in years. But it wasn't the bad kind of quiet. It was a clam easy quiet that let him
John sighed, but nodded. He disagreed, but they weren't likely to ever see each other again, and he didn't want to argue.
They sat in companionable silence for several long moments before James spoke again. "Do you really have to go back? Every time I see you you're wound tighter than a drum."
Sherlock leaned forward and lightly brushed the patient's arm with his fingertips to get his attention. The patient gasped and shrank even further into himself, pressing his head down onto his knees. "You want the bugs to go away?" Sherlock asked, his voice so low that none of the others waiting in the hallway were likely to hear.
John hesitated in front of the pub where he had agreed to meet Greg for what had become a weekly meeting. He winced at his own thoughts and almost turned away. A night out with a friend should
"The bugs…" the patient's voice was barely above a whisper, and his eyes were darting rapidly over the ceiling tiles. "They won't stop…Please make the bugs go away!" The patient screwed his eyes tightly shut, pressed his hands firmly against his ears and started rocking gently back and forth in a feeble effort to self-sooth.
As angry as he had been about Sherlock's deception, John had never been able to ignore how grateful he was at the same time. He'd been given the miracle he had so desperately wanted, regardless of the cost.
Greg took a deep breath and let it out slowly, reminding himself he was too old to throw things, especially not at work. A hand squeezed his shoulder gently, and he turned to face John, who had returned to his side. "I'll go with him," John said.
John nodded, relieved, and nestled against Sherlock once more. "What do you want to do next?" he breathed against Sherlock's ear, watching gooseflesh blossom along the column of his neck.
Sherlock was indeed out from under his blanket, stretched flat on the sofa, and trembling with shivers from his fever. John wasn't sure if he should be pleased or worried that Sherlock had complied so easily.
, shows how little William cares about collateral damage. Goodness knows how many other people may have died because of bad medication." Sherlock looked back at the strange apparatus before him. "I don't know how long he's had this going. Everyone in the building could already be dead, and he's probably paranoid enough by now that he'd rigged this with some sort of self-destruct capacity if it's tampered with too aggressively."
Waking up with Sherlock pressed against him the next morning was a great deal less confusing than the odd smiles Mrs. Hudson sent him the rest of the week when she thought he wasn't looking.
The room fell silent for a few long moments before Sherlock spoke again. "The police do not believe you because she's not missing."
Marcus rocked against John, writhing in the double sensation of John inside him and John's fingers around him. John's thumb slid up his shaft and pressed on the glands just as John thrust into him. Marcus moaned loudly and cried out, "Again! Yes!" John repeated the action, feeling heat pool in his own abdomen as Marcus's internal muscles started to twitch around him.
Sherlock hummed in satisfaction, opening his throat and taking John deeper. He'd never fellated anyone, true, but he'd had a small stint swallowing swords during a case, so the sensation was not unfamiliar to him. It was, however, easier and more enjoyable with John as opposed to a sword, especially because of the
John smiled, and he wondered if Mary had felt lonely. She'd been on her own for some time, although he hadn't asked exactly how long it had been since Sean had died. He didn't want to be intrusive, and the exact time also wasn't very important. When you lost someone you loved it stayed with you, regardless of the years.
God, he would tackle Sherlock and pin him to the ground and never, ever let him up again. He would hit him too. Not the kind of hit that injures, but more like an ineffectual beating of his fists against Sherlock's chest; more an expression of emotion than an act of violence, a way to feel Sherlock alive, and whole, and real beneath him.
Mycroft strode through the doorway with his usual air of imposing authority. He, like Sherlock, was unusually tall, which aided his powers of intimidation. Lately, however, he'd begun wearing immaculately tailored suits which made it look like he could rule the world. If he wanted to, Sherlock was sure that Mycroft
Sherlock's breath caught in his throat and his heart stuttered in his chest. It couldn't be, he had dismissed the concept entirely... but he could not deny the way that John was looking at him right now.
Mycroft arched an eyebrow at his brother. "I thought you had been referring to Moriarty as a spider. However, the general principle is correct. Simply dispatching Moriarty would have left a vacancy some other clever and unknown person would fill."
"Of course I'm going to recover!" Sherlock snapped, unnerved by the genuine concern that radiated off of his brother's face. He hadn't made a point of speaking regularly to Mycroft since the elder Holmes brother reach adulthood; he hadn't even
John shook his head. "No, but nearly. It's a very bad sprain, and they want me in this thing for two weeks, just to be safe. Think we can avoid chases for that long?"
John was just passing the couch when his offending leg was grabbed out from under him. John let out a soft cry of surprise as he sprawled backwards onto the couch. He glared at Sherlock who was currently looming over him with John's cramping leg between his long fingers.
"Will do." The girl typed for a minute more before presenting them with room keys. As she did so she asked, "Do you have anything you would like the front desk to hold for you?"
Once they were seated and the cab was on its way Mary turned to face him. "Thank you again for inviting me, John. It's been a long time since I've seen Swan Lake."
on her face as she spoke with her friend. It was so vibrant and full of life that it seemed wholly disrespectful of her loss.
John lumbered through the snow, impeded by the slope just beside the train tracks. A portly, red-faced man had also leapt from the train and was yelling after the ex-army doctor in what John suspected was Dutch. His conscience nagged at him, but he pushed it back, forcing his legs forward through the snow and cold. The man was following him now, John could hear the footsteps behind him, but the ex-army doctor had a good lead.
"Our best chance would be to examine motive," Sherlock forced himself to say, looking at the bottle in his hand I have access to the employee files, which will help gather evidence for any possible profiles."
When the food arrived, Sherlock tipped the man and then brought the bag into the kitchen. He grabbed some silverware and carried it with the bag into the sitting room. "Less clean up," he said, handing John a container.
“I’m bored with being nice . . . I’ve been nice this entire time, well, almost all of it, and it’s boring. I miss being horrible,” Sherlock said, setting his book done and bopping John lightly on the nose.
“Of course not,” Sherlock said. He pushed the tea toward John. “You feeling all right about it? Do you need to talk?” He remembered John had said that to him after his own dangerous situation a few months ago.
John looked over. Sherlock was staring back at him, and John knew exactly what he meant. "Oh. Oh!" He shifted on the bed. "We could . . ." he said, nodding.
“That’s all we do here,” Sherlock said. “Let me show you around.” He got up and led John around. “I’ve been sleeping in here,” he said, motioning to the smaller room with two single beds.
Sherlock looked over. "If she's willing, this place will help her," he said. "Do you think she'll stay?"
Sherlock grabbed the towel first and tossed it to John. He shook his head so the water flew from his hair. When John handed back the now damp towel, he patted his chest and then slipped his shirt over his head. He grabbed the key from his shoes and pushed it deep into his pocket. He threw the towel over his shoulder and grabbed the bag. They headed back to the cabin.
“Everything I do is interesting, John Watson,” Sherlock said. He led them down the path to a sculpture of a man. Sherlock sat down at the bench near it. “What do you think?” he asked. “It’s called The Man Who Watches.”
Sherlock stood up quickly and then said, “I’ll do the washing up later.” He moved into the other room and flopped onto the sofa.
"I -" John started. He shook his head. "Nonetheless, whatever you said, it doesn't excuse the things she said."
About half way through the film, Sherlock said, “I want everything to be normal. To stay that way.” He didn’t turn his head and he kept his voice a whisper.
Sherlock leaned down again, trying to give John enough room, to kiss John’s mouth. “Will you come to my flat?” he asked. His voice was rough as his heart was pounding and his breath uneven.
"Somehow I've never seen it before," he said. "It's cool." He sat next to Sherlock and looked around.
John grinned and closed the space between them, their tongues meeting immediately as desire coursed through them both. Sherlock bucked up and John rolled his own hips, moaning into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock gripped John's hips for a moment before moving to start opening John's jeans.
“Good,” Sherlock said. “Come on,” he added quickly, pulling John’s arm to lead him down a dark alley. They emerged on the next street. Sherlock was still holding John’s arm as they crossed and climbed a few steps to what looked like a little park. Sherlock opened a gate and they walked down a stone path. Soon they were surrounded by stones and Sherlock stopped in front of one. “Well, here it is,” Sherlock said. “My unsolved case.”
John took the pajamas and tossed them in the ground. "Just lay here with me for a little bit," he said, tracing patterns on Sherlock's chest.
"I don’t know," John said. John thought about what his mother had once said about them but pushed it away quickly.
An hour later he left the surgery and started walking, making his way towards the library. He made sure not to look at too many cameras on his way, but he knew that didn't matter. He also knew that Sherlock would be even more careful than him, though he wasn't very comfortable with Sherlock traveling around with his bruises. Maybe Mycroft was right . . . but John definitely wouldn't say that to Sherlock.
"No," Sherlock said. "I think we should keep this between us." He sat down next to John a little closer than he normally would.
“I assumed we wouldn’t see each other again -- the first time and the next time, too, if I’m honest. Most people are not interested in being around me,” Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock moved toward John, reaching from behind to grab one hand. He turned him around and grabbed the other hand, stepping closer and beginning to dance with him. “Remember when we danced?” he said softly, not sure if he should regret this.
Sherlock replaced his hand on John’s cock with John’s. “Keep going,” he said. He slid his fingers from John’s body and stroked himself a few times. Then he spilled more lube over John, reached for a condom and slid it on. He shifted his body a little, leaning over John. “Ready?” he asked, looking down at John’s face.
Sherlock smiled and took a sip. "I'm not sure that's really true though -- you may not have directly caused an explosion, but you've enabled me to so I think that kind of counts." He thought for a moment. "I have never stolen anything from my workplace."
"No thanks. I'm already sleepy," he said. He got up and took care of the food and then headed for his bedroom.
“I’ll find a film for us to watch or something,” Sherlock said awkwardly. He got his laptop from his desk and started looking at the web. “What do you like now?”
Sherlock got up and moved to his desk, checking his email. “Nothing,” he said aloud for no reason. He got up and grabbed a book from his shelf before moving to the sofa.
Sherlock glanced over at John and then at the television. “Mauna Loa,” he said and then turned his attention back to the book.
Sherlock dropped onto John, still panting, before sliding to the side and getting rid of the condom. “That was good,” he said looking over.
“All right, be quiet, I need to pay attention to critique,” Sherlock said as he settled in. He wasn’t sure whether or not John was just saying that, but he was pretty sure any science in a film like this was bound to be wrong.
John kept looking out of his own window as he shrugged. Having faced Sherlock's annoyance the last week, he wasn't going to willingly take more. Greg could take this one. "Don't know."
Work was busier than John expected it to be. The surgery was small but every day he came in it was packed. By the end of the week he was mentally exhausted -- he'd forgotten what it was like seeing patients like this. Molly had called and they met up for lunch on Saturday.
"Yes, it's--" Sherlock started and then noticed Harry coming down so he stopped. He moved into the sitting room to speak to her. "Favours have been pulled, so I need to know that you are committed to this," he said.
“Let’s kiss again,” Sherlock said, but this time he leaned and nuzzled John’s neck, kissing the skin softly.
"John. You know you have feelings for that man. I know you do. You have to admit it. If I'm getting myself together, you should as well."
Sherlock typed the words and then stared at them. In a way, it was a lie -- he knew he had changed. Some changes were due to John obviously; living with someone changes the way one lives their life. It was practical. However, there were other changes as well. He hit delete and instead wrote:
“You seem brighter,” a nurse said when she came in. “I suppose this means you’ll soon be leaving us.”
“The flat is interesting -- interesting is good,” Sherlock said. “I’m a consulting detective. I solve cases.”
When school started again, John was slow to get back into the flow. One day his mum sat down beside him and said, "John, love, you know Sherlock. His mind is always going a mile a minute. I’m sure he's just busy, but he hasn't forgotten you. You just have to be patient."
“We should put the tools back in the shed,” Sherlock said. His voice was a whisper even though it didn’t really need to be. Once the shed was locked up again, they quietly made their way back into the house. He turned off all the lights and they walked upstairs. Sherlock detoured to wash his hands and brush his teeth. He went back into his bedroom and grabbed his pajamas. “Are you going to go to the toilet before bed?” he asked.
Sherlock noticed Mrs Hudson smiling, so he turned away from her toward the stairs. “Let’s go back up first,” he said.
When they arrived, Sherlock led them inside. He approached a woman standing near a piece of large art. “Do you work here?” he asked.
As the driver pulled away Harry faced John. "I turned your life upside down in just two days, but we've sorted me now. Kind of. Now we have to sort you."
“Don’t get sick of me during all this, John . . . I’m worried about that because I don’t want you to ever not live here with me,” Sherlock admitted.
“I’ve got some –- and some lube, it said we’d need lube,” Sherlock said, reaching over to his bedside drawer.
She shook her head, still not looking at him properly. He thought back through his cases and realised who it must be. "Okay, thank you," he said.
John narrowed his eyes but agreed. He went to the bathroom first and then up to his room to get ready for bed. He stripped down to his shorts and put a t-shirt on before lying down.
"I . . . it’s just a bag," he said. "With my name on it." He said it without any real conviction. It was an amazing gift -- very personal and unique.
Sherlock held his cards right up to his face. "You sure you shuffled well?" Sherlock said. He lay two cards on the table. "Two please."
“I was working,” Sherlock said, a little defensively. “I’m afraid I don’t know what Mrs Hudson is talking about . . . you want to live here?”
Sherlock went out and got online and checked out a few places. “Chinese, all right?” he called to John.
Finally, Mycroft had news. “I’ve spoken to Mrs Hudson,” he told Sherlock. “With her advanced age . . . I did not want her finding out in any other way.”
“Maybe later,” Sherlock said. “You know – since we’re all dressed up, I think I’ll have a whiskey. Would you like to join me?”
“John,” Sherlock said, moving to grab his coat. He realised he’d already said that so added, “He’s a medical doctor. Could be some help.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure what his reaction should be -- he knew John wanted work and the money would obviously help him. However, a job for John would mean he’d be around here less and he really didn’t want that, but for some reason he felt he shouldn’t say that aloud. So instead he said, “I suppose you’re interpreting this as your luck again,” he said.
"Don't say things like that," Sherlock said, pushing himself up on the bed. "I don't want it to end yet . . . but if you talk like that, I won't be able to make it. Come up here," he said, pulling on John's arm.
“I meant it in an inspired way, but now you’ve got me curious,” Sherlock said, turning a bit. “Do you mean super powers like them?”
“All right,” Sherlock said, with a smile. He was quite eager and couldn’t hide the fact. He crawled up the bed and lay down. “Should I lie here?” he asked.
Sherlock began to move a bit as well, tugging John down again. He held his head in his hands and said, "I love you, John," before he kissed him again. Then he moved one of his hands down to John's cock, stroking it in time with John's movements. He pressed his back against the mattress so he could more easily lift his hips. He closed his eyes for a moment, letting the pleasure fill his body. It'd been a long time since he'd given into any physical urge, but this wasn't like when he was using - this was better because it was a connection to the one person Sherlock truly loved.
Over the next week John worked on small cases -- cheating spouses, missing money, and once he overstretched himself to work a suspected murder, but it ended up being a faked death and not a very well thought out one at that. He posted all of them, writing each one out like a story the way he used to. Mrs Hudson seemed to be more cheerful when she visited, though she never asked too many questions as if pointing it out would make it all go away.
He turned around and handed her a cup of tea. “I don’t really know either,” he said and sat down with her.
She gave him a little smile. “All right,” she said. “Come get me if you want to talk about your feelings.” She pulled a face at him, turned, and went back downstairs.
“Right,” Sherlock said.  He was certain he would struggle to sleep, but he was also certain he wouldn’t bother John with that. “Good night then.”
"I'm not the one having a problem with tight clothes," John said. He reached over and pushed at a button on Sherlock's shirt, stressed enough that it just popped open. John chuckled and took a sip of his drink.
“I did. I read them and I kept them,” Sherlock said. “It was just too hard to write back and tell you . . . that I hated everything there when everything that happened to you seemed good. I didn’t want you to know that all those kids from our school were right. That you were better off without me.”
John climbed the stairs slowly, sighing as he got into the flat. He took off his coat and sank down into his chair. "I am beat," he said. Sherlock was lying on the sofa, but John was focused on taking off his shoes and stretching his feet. "Are you ready for what I found, so I can just do nothing for a little while?"
"I haven't been trying to have sex with everyone! I've been trying to find someone I want to have sex with. And I found you," he said.
“Outrageous – I made it up, I worked all day on it,” Sherlock said. “Besides, it’s not over. After they’d moved the things into Sherlock’s cave, John said he needed to head out to be a hero for a little while. He asked Sherlock if he’d like to come. Sherlock wasn’t certain it was a good idea, but he said okay. Because for some reason Sherlock trusted John. They were still basically strangers, but he trusted him.
That really wasn’t all that reassuring to Sherlock, since he knew people rarely did what they were supposed to do. He wondered if John really believed they would. Probably because John was a good person who believed that other people, Sherlock included, could and would be good as well. An odd feeling came over Sherlock – it was quite childish, but he suddenly thought of John as his protector. In fact, he realised he wanted John to tell him exactly what to do and he would do it and then things could go back to normal.
“You don’t hold me back,” Sherlock said. His eyes were still closed, and he felt quite calm and relaxed. “You help me.”
Suddenly Sherlock called out loudly -- no words, just a sound as his body arched up off the bed and his orgasm passed through him. He squeezed his eyes tight and tried to remember to breathe. John gasped softly. Sherlock was squeezing around him and it pushed him over the edge. He came, moaning Sherlock's name and kissing him sloppily. He felt it through his whole body.
"Are you back to work tomorrow?" Sherlock asked, trying to have a conversation like they used to before they said they loved each other.
Sherlock had finished the experiment, though much later than he’d originally expected to, given the interruption of John’s visit. He left the mess to deal with in the morning, so when he did wake up on the sofa where he’d crashed out, his first step was to tidy up. But he couldn’t separate this from the fact that he’d agreed John should move in. He sensed, as he cleaned, that he was cleaning for John -- which was stupid, cleaning up was part of every experiment. He knew that could no longer put off thinking about the change.
John brushed his teeth and washed his face before going into his bag to find some comfortable clothes to put on. He came out and saw the door open, heading out to find Sherlock. "Do you need help with anything?" he asked. He took a deep breath and smiled softly.
“I came to university here and haven’t really left . . . well, I was away for a short time, but I won’t leave again,” Sherlock said. “And you?”
Sherlock could feel himself starting to get excited as they pressed together. He pulled open John’s dressing gown, letting his hands explore John’s back, still warm from his shower. John started tugging and pushing his clothes from his body, kissing him harder. Sherlock stepped back and quickly slid his trousers off. He turned John and pushed him back onto the bed, dropping on top of his before finding his mouth again.
"Leave it off so the aloe can dry," John said. “You’ll be fine.” He shifted and lay down, looking at the ceiling and taking a deep breath.
Sherlock was still awake, listening to John in the kitchen. He wasn’t sure if he should get up or not. When he heard the kettle boil, he rolled out of bed and stopped into the bathroom, splashing some cold water on his face.
"I'll give it a try," Sherlock said. "I'm not sure I'll be good at it." He sat up a bit, pulling the blankets down. He slid down on his side and began rubbing John's back with one hand. His skin was cool, but Sherlock felt the large muscles underneath, which John normally kept hidden by his ridiculous jumpers. One of which Sherlock was now wearing. He pulled the jumper over his head and dropped it on the side of the bed, before going back to rubbing John. "Is this all right?"
John watched his fingers and then looked away quickly. "It's fine. It's just fitted, that's all." He took a big sip of his drink.
She smiled. “Maybe John is still John, just an older version,” she suggested. “I think you two have known each other long . . . you owe him the chance to find out whether or not you can still be best friends.”
“Is there anything you always do at a certain that I, as a flatmate, should be aware of?” Sherlock asked.
"I'm just joking because I assumed you were joking," John said. He turned on his side. "I'm not getting another best friend."
He didn't mean to get angry -- of course, he didn't want Sherlock to leave again. It was just all so much. He made his way around to the Chinese and got their order, heading back to the flat slowly.
“I think that’d probably be wise,” Sherlock said. He stepped out into the hallway. “You’re back to work right now, then?”
Sherlock pushed himself up from the bed. “I need to clean up,” he said, glancing down at his stomach. “Where’s the toilet?”
John leaned down, a bit shy now that it wasn't in the heat of the moment, and he kissed Sherlock softly. "I quite like you, too."
“Right,” Sherlock said. He leaned forward, lifting his hand to John’s lower back. “Sorry,” he said, stepping to the side.
"Selfish," Sherlock said, keeping his gaze. Then he took a sip of wine, but the silence seemed too big. "Next game? How about Hide and Seek? That's what we used to play as children -- just because it was the only way to get away from Mycroft."
John dragged his mind to the game from before, when he'd asked Sherlock. Why would he bring it up now? John nodded, shifting on the bed again.
Sherlock leaned over as well. “Will it be dangerous as well as exciting?” he asked, holding John’s gaze.
"I suppose that's fair since I lost." John closed his eyes and covered them with his hands as well. "One, two, three . . ."
“See? You just can’t stop!” Sherlock said, stuffing a whole biscuit into his mouth and left the room, returning with the wine glasses and bottle. “If I can’t have cigarettes . . .” he said, pouring a little wine into each glass.
Sherlock lay on the sofa thinking. He recalled every bad thing he’d seen drugs do to a body -- whether it was in the morgue or in a house he’d found himself waking up in many years ago. He hypothesized about what he might see on the corpse tomorrow. Eventually he stood up. That was enough work for tonight. He needed to be at his best in the morning. “I’m going to go lie down on my bed and read,” he told John. “I don’t know if I’ll come back out before morning.”
Suddenly Sherlock felt exhausted. It was a mix of being away, of being confused, and of this, of course, which had probably been confusing him for the last few months but he just hadn't known yet. He snuggled in a little against John's body and closed his eyes. "I'm glad I'm home," he sighed.
Sherlock grabbed his clothes and rushed in. He grabbed a cloth and wiped up his stomach and wrist and then splashed some water onto his face. He quickly dressed and fiddled with hair. He took a deep breath and then checked the mirror. He looked all right. He came out and said, “I don’t think I look too crumpled.”
John nodded, finding his mouth for a deep kiss as his body moved with Sherlock's. Sherlock kissed John as he started to relax into the movement. Then he pushed up on one arm, grabbing John’s hand and leading it to his cock. He bent down and kissed John again.
“What kissing?” Sherlock said, looking over at him. “Oh, you mean, Ellen?” He rolled flat on his back again. “I don’t know . . . I didn’t like her. I didn’t even really know her.”
John's body flooded with heat, and he knew exactly what was happening. "Why?" he asked, leaning in to kiss Sherlock again.
John stopped into the surgery again to pass the time. He saw a lot more patients than the day before -- he didn't have time to break for lunch and by the time the day was coming to a close he was starving. He thought about getting a snack for himself so he didn't over due it at dinner but then decided against it. He walked to the bookshop and sat in his usual seat to wait for her. It wasn't very long before she came out -- John's stomach was growling properly now.
“You had an accident,” Mycroft said. “Your fault, obviously, but quite serious. You fell -- through a floor. Very careless.”
“I see,” Sherlock said, even though he didn’t quite understand. However, he knew enough not to ask his brothers for details. “Do the police know?”
He moved closer to Sherlock and touched his arm lightly so he'd look at John. "Maybe it would be good to try it with my best friend," he said.
"It's a different kind of like," John said. "We're best friends. Whoever I date . . . I won't like them more than you. Just in a different way."
When a voice answered, he said, “One of your workers completed a job here a few days ago, and now the water’s acting up again -- could you please send him out to check on it?”
“All right, settle down,” Sherlock said. He focused on the screen. “Have you figured out what killed that guy?”
They walked through the halls, and then he pushed through the doors. “The suicides, please,” he said to Molly.
"I just knew that's what it was, what made us different," Sherlock said. "Because you love me and I love you back."
Sherlock stood up and took John’s mug from him. He moved toward the door. “Have you been stopping at Mrs Hudson’s flat each time you’ve come here?” he asked.
“You’re the noisy one,” Sherlock said. “It was quiet here before you arrived.” He pinched the skin on John’s hand.
Sherlock took his test and put it directly in his bag, without even looking at it. He knew what the grade was. He was packing his bag up when his teacher walked over. “Can I have a word with you in my office?” she asked.
“I’m enjoying myself,” Sherlock said, sitting back in his chair. “It’s been a while since I’ve done that.”
John looked around. "I don’t know," he said, shrugging. "I haven't bought very much since I came back."
"I meant the mess of my day," Sherlock said, getting up. "Forget it -- I'll figure out something to do."
“Excellent,” Sherlock said, taking off his coat and sitting down. “I was just thinking that you look handsome so I thought I should tell you,” he added, a little awkwardly.
“No, the files were empty,” Sherlock said. “Why was I still there? Why didn’t I leave?” he asked himself.
“John, are you angry with me about something?” Sherlock said. “Is it because I slept so long?” He was already getting bored, so he stood up and walked around. He glanced out the window again, down to the street which was still empty. Unusual.
"Nope," she said, moving around the kitchen. She opened the fridge and looked through the drawers. "Where are the thumbs or the eyes?"
Sherlock humphed but then looked over and, in a softer tone, asked, “If I hate it, will you talk to him? Use your doctor language to tell him I can come home?”
John was elbows deep in a furnace when his phone went off, so he ignored the call until he could finish what he was doing. It was an hour later when he was able to call back.
“I would as well,” Sherlock said. “I don’t think my brother will like it, but I have a feeling Mrs Hudson will be pleased.”
John grinned. "Yes I would," he said. "That sounds great, actually. Especially since we were working on a case before I went a back. A nice lie-in would be a real treat," he said.
John licked his lips. "This is . . . it's amazing, Sherlock." He kept flipping pages. "It really is."
"Sure," John said. He didn't know what else to say just yet. He still wasn't really sure what was going on and what Sherlock was saying to him.
“Precisely!” He finished his business in the bathroom, took one good look at his reflection, and groaned. “Oh Lord.”
The next week went by in a blur of work and get-togethers with his Army pals. When Al Jenkins heard about the coat, he offered to do it for free. John hadn’t expected that, so he gave Jenkins a tip for the favour. Once he had the coat back, he put out an ad in the papers. It was a short piece that read “Found: Belstaff coat w/ red button-holes @ New North Street. Please Inquire for Retrieval.” He listed his phone-number and address in the ad and waited. A coat that nice wouldn’t go unclaimed for long, he just hoped the person who came for it was the legitimate owner. And it wasn’t just any coat, either, it was special. There was magic in it, and it was far too soft and smooth to be pure wool, no matter how finely spun. Some poor shapeshifter was missing their coat. He had a feeling he knew who it belonged to, but he didn’t know the man’s name, and without a name, he had nothing. It was both intriguing and frustrating. And John was also concerned about Moriarty’s involvement.
“I did close it when I came out.” Sherlock looked over his shoulder and John checked for himself. Sure enough, the door was closed. He smiled and stepped as close to Sherlock as he could physically get.
“We tracked your case to a connection with the case at London Zoo. We weren’t involved with that case, but we heard about it. Only a collector would stake out a protected animal in a zoological park.”
Judith decides to go to work for The Met and joins up as a Special Constable, a part-time volunteer position that puts her out on London's streets. That job leads to some ... interesting circumstances. To say the least.
“Oh, don’t worry, Gregory, I can be subtle when the situation calls for it.” Mycroft just smiled and waited until they were both safely on the wet sand before he disappeared.
“Of course, sir! I’ll bring out a pot for you, then.” His order was recorded and their server glanced at Mycroft. “The Corton-Charlemagne is by the bottle, sir, is that alright?”
“Got it.” Sally got to work and she tracked the unassuming man wearing denims, a white tee-shirt, and a cardigan, with two days of facial-hair and messy hair. It
“The messages I received from him and the images strongly suggest otherwise, Sergeant Donovan.” He looked her over as he ducked the line, lifting it for John to follow him.
“Oh, right.” Hooper seemed to realize that John and Lestrade had never been properly introduced. “Um, Greg Lestrade, John Watson.”
. The killer must have seen John working a shift and moved to neutralize what they perceived at a threat because of John's former connection to Sherlock. Given the killers modus operandi John would likely suffer some sort of 'tragic accident' while inside Holloway Sanatorium, and Sherlock could
Mr. Walker pressed on, either oblivious or uncaring of Nichole's emotional distress. "We can't leave the chair empty with so many important performances coming up. And we wouldn't
He looked to Sherlock's face, but his long time flatmate wouldn't turn to face him. Sherlock was either too deep in thought to hear or see John, or he didn't want to be bothered with John's emotions... Still, Sherlock had said his piece, and John would say his. He'd already said most of it, really, just one thing left.
bad, he just didn't know what. He shrugged on his jacket, resigned, and started making his way downstairs. Sherlock had such a
John winced as he made a slow turn around the living room. He was exhausted. He wanted nothing more than to climb the steps to his room and sink into sweet oblivion. His leg, unfortunately, had different ideas.
John, who had been standing to the side, watching their exchange, stepped forward and watched his flatmate's retreating form for a moment before he said. "You know he was just manipulating you."
Sherlock let the leash go for the moment as Toby circled the ring. They were a decent distance from the kennels and Sherlock wanted to have what he came for quickly. The moment Toby reached the center of the ring his sat and howled softly, his declaration of success. John praised the dog , and pet him, while Sherlock nudged him over and began to dig. When he didn't find anything in the first few inches, he dug more forcefully.
Mary stopped mid turn and looked back at him. That annoying amused smile was back. "You're welcome."
heard of your reputation, and I would not doubt you capable of ignoring all respectable protocols." Her voice grew firmer, and her back straighter with each word and her righteous indignation returned.
After the new sharp container was placed John wandered over to lost and found, and scooped up a large black back pack that had been there for several days. Again he carried it low and in front of him. No one stopped him or commented. John slipped once more into the supply closet, and quickly knelt to sequester the full bin bag and sharps container into the backpack he had stolen. Once that was done, he shrugged out of his white doctor's coat, and pulled on the back pack. Folding his white coat discreetly over one arm John made his way to the staff room to hang up his white coat and retrieves his all-weather coat for the trip home.
Greetings everyone!  Thank you everyone who has left comments on, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story!  You're support keeps me posting.  We're almost at the end now, just two more chapters to go!
"You two stay here," Sherlock called over his shoulder. "This ward obviously needs extra supervision tonight."
Sherlock's looming presence and menacing snarl made a fearsome visage, but John wasn't the slightest bit intimidated. "Don't be an idiot."
Mr. Murphy stood for a moment watching Sherlock, the silence stretching thin. Finally he moved around to peer over Sherlock's shoulder, and he gaped. "How-?!"
Feeling overwhelmingly curious, now that he'd gotten a decent rest, John peered at him over his tea, and asked, "Will you tell me what the plan is for today?"
It was a long, agonizing wait. John knew the testing was extensive, and that it would take time. It wasn't that he wasn't prepared for the wait, it was that each minute, each second seemed unnaturally long, and each moment was filled with doubt.
John awoke to the smell of hot tea and old papers. He blinked open his eyes and smiled at the steaming mug of tea and the scone on the coffee table. He was still on the sofa. The good doctor rolled into a sitting position and stretched, causing the blanket he'd wrapped around himself to fall to his waist.
Sherlock shrugged. "Assistant, associate, something like that. Your sister will get the treatment you want her to have, I'll get more interesting cases,
was when Harry had really gone off the deep end. Her ex-wife wasn't even speaking to her anymore. Without John's efforts she would be truly
A stalking case? Family feud? If this Mariah was deliberately attacking this potential client's home environment in a campaign of fear, as opposed to outright attacking them, this case might hold some promise... Any forensic evidence a family member left behind might be easily discarded by the Yard in a family home, especially if other family members corroborated the alibi of the perpetrator.
. Sherlock wanted him as, more a less, a servant, not so that his sister would benefit, but so that he could break John's spirit.
"This is a slow acting...illness, so I doubt you would have noticed by now even if it was contagious." Sherlock sighed, shifting his arm to loosen John's sudden death grip on it. John relented and rested his fingers lightly on Sherlock's forearm. His fingers trembled as he processed the news.
"Mycroft!" Sherlock cried, rushing after him. "Really I can hel—" Sherlock was thrust violently backwards. He tumbled on the floor and cracked his head against the side of the coffee table. He winced and pressed a hand to the rapidly swelling bump as Mycroft towered over him.
The steps paused, and Sherlock struggled to keep his breathing under control. John, whether he thought Sherlock was a beta or not, was a
John steepled his fingers under his chin for a moment trying not to think of how much he was mirroring Sherlock at the moment. He needed to think, and this might be a good avenue to explore. If, in some alternate universe, Sherlock found himself in Alexander's shoes, what would John want someone to say to him? What would he want him to know?
"What, Mycroft, didn't give you the blow by blow?" John countered, then grimaced. "Sorry, I didn't mean—"
"He's really that picky?" James asked, looking slightly appalled at the image of Sherlock that John was painting.
John's eyes focused on Sherlock once more and found the small smile still present on his cupids bow lips. Sherlock's intent may have been hard-hearted, but the good doctor found himself grateful for that terrible honesty despite himself. It had taught him to understand what to expect from the world's only consulting detective, and, quite unexpectedly, it had taught him to trust his crazy flatmate. John would have never thought it possible, and it was definitely ill-advised, but there was no denying that he did trust Sherlock.
Sherlock couldn't deny the heat growing in his belly, or the twinge of long forgotten impulses. But the fear, and lingering effects of the suppressants kept any carnal instinct utterly muted.
Mrs. Morris was survived by her husband, Matthew, their two daughters Martha and Janet, and five grandchildren. Matthew and Janet were waiting in a nearby lounge, having been detained when they'd come to visit Jane. John sighed and tried not to count his steps as he transversed the short hallway to said lounge.
Sherlock's expression hardened dangerously. For the last half hour he'd been fruitlessly attempting to convince John to assist in his plan to uncover the hiding place of Ms. Adeline's evidence. It was a simple principle, really. Convince someone that their environment is unsafe and they will collect anything truly precious to them from that environment before fleeing. Ms. Adeline had hidden the evidence of her lineage in a place her father, and those who worked for him, could not find it. It couldn't be in her home, that was too easily accessible. It
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. As per usual, everyone was focused on details of the least importance and relevance.
John's gaze darkened and he took a step forward, backing Sherlock into a wall. He leaned forward, slowly, until his lips brushed Sherlock's ear. "Are you sure?"
John fought to keep a straight face. The idea of Sherlock not remembering exactly when and where he'd heard of something was laughable. The man had an eidetic memory.
protective alpha, and little changes like a closed door rarely escaped his notice anymore; little signs like this could be a warning, the difference between life and death if ignored.
Sherlock followed the motion, slamming down a moment later when John tugged him violently at his hips. The assault on his prostate caused bright spots of color to dance in his vision. He kept his eyes locked with John's as he repeatedly impaled himself on John's thick cock. Sherlock had always been remarkably strong for an omega, but John showed his alpha strength as they moved together, pushing and pulling Sherlock so roughly that he knew he would feel this mating for days afterwards and Sherlock didn't' give a damn. All that mattered was John's cock pushing into him over and over, stretching him almost to breaking.
Trigger warning!: This charter contains semi-graphic descriptions of injuries, dean bodies, and body parts.  Please be safe if these might be triggers for you.
Again they all waited and watched...no response. His patient's face was turning gray, and John knew they were running out of time. John quickly administered a second dose of medication before ordering, "Resume CPR. Janet, point four milligrams of Narcan and one milligram of epi."
Sherlock gave a put upon sigh and wrapped his arms around John as well, patting his back for emphasis. "Are you going to let me go now?"
"This is different!" John's voice boomed out into the office, the loud, clear voice of a Captain issuing orders. Greg, as well as several officers outside his office, finally looked up. "I've told you about Harry, and the train. Don't you see that was a set up?"
Laurali snorted with laughter. "I'll say. You remember he kidnapped Peter two weeks before he'd even asked Katie out? I thought he would never work up the nerve to marry her." He
"It's a big hospital," Sherlock replied, unperturbed by her ability to hack his laptop. She could have used Sherlock's own backdoors into the Charing Cross Hospital internal network, but Sherlock suspected she hadn't. According to her profile, her skills with technology were overshadowed only by her remarkable aim with a firearm.
"Every day," Eva replied softly, turning her head back around to meet Harry's gaze once more. "Not all day every day, but pretty much every day. Some days are better than others."
"I did a cursory examination of the other administrators in the hospital and no one else came close to fitting the profile. No one else has the means he does, either. Apparently he's even taken great pains to be friendly with the staff here, an unusual trait for someone so high in administration. Have you ever seen him?"
"No?" John asked spearing a brussel sprout with his fork. It felt like his life was still consumed with Sherlock, even though it would soon be a month since they'd even seen each other. It was a good and difficult thing all at once.
John's eyes darted over the screen as Sherlock worked, trying to keep up. Whether he had hacked into the computer in front of him, or simply turned it on, he seemed to be rapidly scrolling through the files inside it, digging deeper and deeper into its core memory. Sherlock was opening and closing things so quickly that John had little chance of identifying them before he moved on to the next one. He wanted to ask Sherlock again what he was looking for, but he knew he would receive no answer, not when Sherlock was closing in on something.
They had walked in complete silence down the stairs, through the street, and into the pub. Once inside they moved towards a booth in the back, neither stopping for the pretense of ordering drinks.
Lestrade bristled as Sherlock knew he would. Lestrade cared about getting his job done right and actually wanted to serve the people, or some such nonsense. Sherlock pressed on, not waiting for an answer. He was trying to jostle Susan into action, not Lestrade.
up close, just once. At first I thought Anna was being blackmailed or something, that maybe she was trying to keep away from me to protect me. The Yard wouldn't believe me, so I followed her, waited outside her house,
" John looked away for a moment and drew a slow, deep breath, trying to gather his wits about him. "
His blogger took a deep breath, and bent his head once more to review the documents in his hand. Sherlock could see the confusion and doubt warring on John's face until, suddenly, clarity dawned. John looked up, hesitant, and pointed to the papers in his hands. "There are some odd marks here, where the doctor noted the state of the newborn. It looks like they were about to mark them both as stillborn births. " He looked back at the papers once more before adding. "They were both born on the same day, to the same doctor. Maybe the stillborn shook him up and he was a bit sloppy in his documentation?"
Thankfully the intermission offered a reprieve from such dark thoughts. John stood and walked with Mary, getting some air and repeating a silent message to himself that every love story that crossed his path did
Sherlock slumped onto a nearby pack bench, cupped his hands in front of his face, and blew hot air onto them three times before he muttered, "How's the pressure cooker?"
. A little poison here, a different poison there; nothing too strong, just enough to make him miserable. Then he'd introduced a powerful infection. The victim had been getting so many shots and infusions it was easy to slip in the contaminated medication. He hadn't given the injections himself, but it had been all too easy to contaminate the needles after they had been prepped. Other people had likely been slightly inconvenienced because it had been necessary to contaminate multiple needles. The doses had been relatively small, but frequent enough to destroy his victims already weakened immune system. When death had finally come, it had left his victims body as wasted as his morals.
Sherlock stole from the room, and with a small nod and softly spoken, "I'm sorry," John followed him. They were leaving a terrible scene behind them but the ex-army doctor knew better than most that sometimes one had to cause pain in order to heal a greater injury.
Sherlock was waiting for him, lounging in his usual chair by the fireplace. "Ah, John, at last. While you were gallivanting around town with you secret lover, Mr. Miller, here could hardly shut up about his own."
Harry nodded, her excitement peeking through. "And look at the views of those mountains," she sighed. Her gaze lingered on a picture of the artfully rustic looking Recovery Center, with the alps soaring high above it. "It looks
Sitting next to his daughter on the bed, John place one hand on her shoulder, and the other hand under her chin, forcing her to look at him. "I can do that if I have to," he promised, "First things first, alright?"
"Hospital just called," John explained, lifting his arm to hail a cab. "There's been a big accident on The Highway. They need some extra hands tonight. I'm heading over from the pub; I just wanted to let you know I probably won't be home tonight."
"Excuse me a moment," John murmured, separating from his sister, and taking a step back as he pulled out his phone. He dialed Sherlock's number and pressed the phone to his ear, listening to it ring.
John frowned as he considered the fact that they'd be more or less on their own. Mycroft had more leeway to act around, or sometimes outside of, the law considering his position, but this was hardly an international case, or a case of national security. Yes many powerful medical organizations could lose people today if they didn't make it in time, but this didn't strike John as a case where Mycroft would force his way in, and he couldn't remember Sherlock every willingly tolerating Mycroft butting in on a case.
Sherlock straightened to meet Lauren's gaze. "You're the one who always says dogs are the best judge of character. Perhaps your judgment is off, and not his."
Molly's self-satisfied smile never left her face. "It's a slow acting poison, Mr. Holmes. It will take you two years to die; I want you to see your own destruction coming, without being able to stop it. No synthesized chemicals will work, only the natural ones will. You'll need a sustained 'dose' of love. Those very chemicals you scorn start slowly, build, and then settle into a varying stability as a relationship develops. The subtleties are …complex." She leaned forward then, and placed a gentle kiss on his cheek. "Good luck, Mr. Holmes."
Laurali struggled to control her breathing and frantically shook her head. "There's no time for that. Get me to the bedroom."
"She's, um, she's not actually my lover either," came a soft voice from the sofa where clients usually sat. "Secret or otherwise."
Sherlock carefully picked his way towards the main part of the campus, scanning the ground in front of him as he went. He needed a way in that was inconspicuous. No matter how tight security was, once he was inside, if he looked calm, like he belonged there, Sherlock knew he was much less likely to be questioned.
There was a long silence where the two men stared at each other in a silent battle of wills, before Sherlock leaned down and murmured. "Mrs. Dwight was
He strolled through the corridors of the familiar hospital with a smile on his face. It was hard to think of how much had changed since he was a boy. As a child he would run rampant through the halls pestering the staff with endless questions, examining all the equipment he could get his hands on, and dreaming of the day when he would take his father's place.
Sherlock hadn't expected forgiveness. It had thrown him completely off guard, but, remarkably, that wasn't a first where John Watson was concerned. Sherlock wasn't perplexed often, and as a result of his bewilderment he had never questioned John's decision to move back in. John was a helpful associate and an entertaining flatmate, when there were no cases. It had been…easy.
“Playing gay.” He switched back to his Irish accent. “Did you like the little touch with the underwear?”
“A little bit. Damn sure that’s gonna fit.” He let her pull the ring out, watching her eyes widen as she caught sight of the inscription and read it to herself.
“One of the…smartest in London. Proper genius, and a proper git.” She caught her breath, “Oh, you’re dangerous.”
“I wish I believed you, John, but I know how that woman operates. How long her reach really is. No prison on Earth is enough to hold her for long.”
While she sat in her car going over the night’s logs and filling out reports, a task made a bit harder by the friendly mother cat who tried to get onto her lap, she was aware of movement. Glancing up, she caught sight of a rather unremarkable-looking gentleman in nondescript clothes coming along the sidewalk towards her. She saw a lanyard around his neck, attached to a medallion. Cabbie. Her lights were on but stable and she hadn’t made herself too obvious, but those most invisible to the unsuspecting citizens of London always seemed to notice each other. As he started to pass her car, he nodded in salute. She had her window partway down and returned the gesture.
She wasn’t alone very long, she never was once they figured out where she’d gone from Kamar-Taj, and sighed as the air crackled behind her.
“Let me see your hands.” Sherlock pulled his gloves off with his teeth and pocketed them. The Homeless obeyed, he noticed a marked tremor in the man’s left hand, an intermittent tremor caused by an old injury. Leg? No, shoulder. But he had a walking-cane. A simple thing of metal and plastic. Sherlock picked out details of the man’s life, running them through his head, comparing new data to existing data, finding matches all over the chart. Interesting.
I’m going?!” She looked over her shoulder at him, taking in the sight of him in a pair of grey swim-trunks and not much else. “Why, did you have a different idea?”
“No, I can feel it. You’re all…foggy.” She rolled so she was on top and leaned in to kiss him, “You need to sleep more.”
“I absolutely did. Besides, I know you’ll take better care of yours than Bond takes care of the Aston.”
Word had gotten out fast on the radios that Sherlock Holmes had been spotted on the rooftop of Saint Bart’s Hospital and committed suicide, so it didn’t take long for Greg Lestrade and James Roben to arrive with the sole purpose of identifying Sherlock’s body. John, Judith, and Sally were all waiting for them when they arrived, even Stephen had stayed behind to keep them company. Moran had gone to dismantle the London branch of the network to give them a head-start on some very unpleasant work. By the time their Met higher-ups arrived, Judith and John had both traded the clothes they’d worn the past forty-eight hours for the more unusual uniforms they wore as sorcerers. It wasn’t often they left the safety of the Sanctums or their own homes wearing the blue and grey outfits. In fact, they hadn’t ever left the privacy of the Sanctums and Kamar-Taj in anything except normal civilian wear and Judith’s uniforms. They were very comfortable wearing the unusual clothes, but this was the first time they had ever come out in public like this.
“Will do! Good night, boys!” She called back, waving to Mrs Hudson as she left the flat, making sure to lock the door behind her. It was twilight as she stepped out onto Baker Street, and she pocketed her keys as she walked south down Baker Street and headed for home.
“I’ll take care of that, Jude.” John had led them to a small bedroom, “You haven’t taken any time off in a while, you can spare a few days.”
“Any time I park on the street, I can almost always count on tea and biscuits. On my quiet days while I was on regular patrol, I’d actually go inside and sit with her. Or upstairs with John and Sherlock. Have you met him?”
“Worse.” John’s expression was…violent? Sherlock shook his head. It didn’t matter how that had ended. All that mattered was that it had, the woman known as Mary Morstan was dead, and John was free to move on with his life as he saw fit.
“Yes, I think we can go to Baker Street.” Sherlock rubbed her shoulders, “But we’ll go tomorrow, okay?”
“Eh, yeah. Sorry.” He cleared his throat, “You’ve heard that before, I take it?” God the man could be a relative!
“Right, sir. I suppose I could call you damn well anything I wanted, since I outranked you a long time ago.”
“I’ve certainly had better days, but this is nothing compared to some of the days I had in Afghanistan. It’s definitely been
“One hundred and one Dalmatians. My God.” Greg huffed, shaking his head. “So, what’s this I hear about you being a pilot?”
“I worked the conference, of course I remember! You were brilliant, actually. A bit smug, but you knew your business.” He sighed, “I would say I’m sorry, you’ve kind of lost everything you spent years working for.”
believe you. You wouldn’t lie about something like this. It’s too important. Too…serious. But forget about sleep now!” His eyes were bright.
“I was neighbours with these people, I used to live here.” She looked back at the buildings, “Top floor, end apartment on the right, Stringer House. Don’t much miss it.”
“Go away, Mycroft, we don’t want to talk to you.” Sherlock growled, “We’ve had a long night and we’re hungry. Now, go away.”
fell on the spectrum. He knew she had danced overseas, and a few times domestically, this was only happening because he’d had words with Maroush’s management. If she had to guess, he was coming to see what a few words of suggestion had gotten them.
!” Judith yelled just as his foot hit the pressure-pad. “Oh, Christ.” She and John both heard the click, the soft ticking. He’d hit a pressure-pad dead-centre. It wasn’t the first time they had seen a man blown up by a land-mine, and it wasn’t likely to be the last. When the mine exploded, she ducked the cloud of smoke and fire, the debris. Getting their heads on straight, they collected Henry Knight and headed back to town.
“I’m right here, Sherlock.” That voice, though familiar, came from a very unusual source. John hadn’t Phased back yet and hopped up into the ambulance still in Lycan form.
vacant in the first place. Like this house, she would be an idiot of this place was truly vacant. It didn’t look like any vacant house she had ever entered.
“Someone has to.” Said as Mycroft got some affection from Kitty, who rubbed against his cheek and made soft, happy noises. “Not that she’s at all neglected of course.”
“John, take my seat. Please.” Mycroft surprised all of them by getting his feet, having taken Sherlock’s grey chair whenever he’d arrived, and vacating his seat. John raised an eyebrow and looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock just shrugged. His brother’s move surprised him as much as it did John. Finally, he decided to move. There was no reason not to, really. It got quiet in Baker Street, there was an air of anticipation and Sherlock could feel the crackle of disquiet radiating off of John. All he could do was offer whatever support he was able to, however he could. John just needed
“Oh, very much. Had a Dal when I was a lad. Love dogs desperately.” John looked up at the housekeeper, “When the boys at The Met asked us to take this case for them, we took it in a heartbeat.”
“Don’t worry, Greg, I won’t let him.” John promised, “I don’t suppose your husband made an appearance, did he?”
“Yeah, I know. We like messing with strangers whenever we’re together, it’s a little joke of ours to see how long it actually takes people to realize we’re
“I haven’t heard from them.” She narrowed her eyes, “I can find out fairly quickly, though.” She checked the time and sent a quick text to Robert’s phone. She’d had it for months, couldn’t remember when she’d gotten it or why he’d given it to her. What mattered right now is that she got a response from him.
“Yes, ma’am.” No, she really couldn't, but she didn’t know that. Someone shouted for her and she kissed him before running off.
“Never mind that! Just focus on him and you will be marvellous.” Riyah smiled and kissed her on the cheek after placing her head-scarf, “And you are ready. Come along!” Hoping to god she wouldn't humiliate herself, for as much as she adored dancing it was completely different in a public venue, Judith followed Riyah and the girls.
So when a block of flats in Whitechapel was blown up on 31 March, killing twenty people, she called a number she had never thought she needed to dial from the tape-line as she worked the blast-site.
“You kind of remind me of a cat sometimes.” Judith chuckled, “I think she likes you.” It wasn’t a matter of maybe, the Maine Coon abandoned Judith and decided Sherlock was more fun to climb. His coat provided a bit of defense against sharp long claws, which would be clipped as soon as she could get the whole lot of them to a vet. Somehow, the cat blended with his coat and unless you’d seen her climb onto his shoulders, you missed her completely.
“Mm, I was close.” Sherlock nodded and turned away from John. “And you’ve a history with Intelligence, you must’ve, knowing my brothers like you do. MI6, you said?”
“That’s Richard.” Judith murmured, as if reading his thoughts, “He keeps a running farm out in Devonshire, likes to work with his hands.”
John leaned back a bit. Sherlock chuckled and his arms went around John’s chest and hips. They fell back this way, and John flipped onto his front with a practised twist of his body. This brought him chest-to-chest and face-to-face with Sherlock.
“Think nothing of it, sir.” She didn’t miss how she never got their names. That didn’t matter, anyway, she wasn’t likely to see them ever again, “You’ve probably figured that we’re a bit wary of inspections out here in the desert.”
“He’s not resisting,” John complained, loudly, as she hooked her foot around Sherlock’s and pulled his left hand back in order to finish securing the hand-cuffs. He
“Your puppies were the only ones that had any tags.” He put his hands in his pockets, “And no one has called to claim the others.” There was some back-and-forth and Mrs Radcliffe hedged on taking on another eighty-four puppies, but she was eventually talked around to it and soon the mews street was swarming with Dalmatians. As the barrage died down, John chuckled.
“That’s definitely Sherlock Holmes, sir.” He didn’t need more than a quick glimpse, and he turned from the table, shaking his head, “I’ve known the man for more than a decade, you couldn't convince me this was a body-double.”
“That ... was amazing.” He finally said. Sherlock looked round at him, apparently so surprised that he couldn’t even reply for the next four seconds.
“I didn’t mean to do it, it just…kind of happened.” She rubbed her sleeve, “It’s pretty vital to my job to be aware of my surroundings and tiny insignificant details at all times. Any lapse could kill me. Didn’t mean for it to get useful for solving crimes, though.”
“Doctor Watson is one of our senior medical officers, runs this place ship-shape. Very good at what she does.” Kendrick said.
“I owned Dalmatians when I was little. Favourite dog in the world.” John took down a photograph of Pongo he had gotten from the Radcliffes, “Owned a Dal named Sandrine through Uni. Died while I was overseas with the Army, old age got her.”
“That would make anyone do a bit of soul-searching.” John shook his head and lifted his glass, “Too bad it took such a maniac to bring Sherlock Holmes to his senses.”
It was quiet as the man who’d arrested him initially got into the car and made a call over the radio before getting underway and John nearly fell asleep on the drive over. Nearly, but not quite. Familiar enough with the booking process, John gave them no trouble, which he couldn’t say was true for the rest of the lot they had pulled in from the brawl and found himself sitting in a crowded holding cell with twelve other men. None of them was the giant who’d tried to beat the sense out of him, thankfully, and no one really bothered him. Finding some empty floor space, he tried to get some sleep. There was no telling how long he would be stuck here, so might as well make the best of a really shitty situation.
They managed two and a half hours of sleep before surfacing to go on their eight-mile run, taking time to check on the cats before they left. They made the loop a little slower than their normal time and stopped on the corner of Chester Street and Grosvernor Place to rest. As she braced her hands on her knees and caught her breath, wishing away the fog that had settled over the city this morning, Judith saw Greg’s head come up and watched his posture change a bit.
“Not even two weeks.” She sighed, groaning as a familiar ache blossomed in her leg. Greg found the soreness and rubbed cautious fingers against the twitching muscles.
“Yeah, there is that, too. Never mind my credibility and reputation tanked after Moriarty’s last stunt.” He squeezed Sherlock’s fingers, “It would have the bastard rolling in his grave to know you’d survived that day.”
This was nothing short of a confession, and they were getting every bloody word on record. Hutchinson made a gesture for him to keep Mary talking. No problem. John wasn’t going to be nice, he had no reason to be nice.
“It was years ago. I was bullied as a child, usually for being too smart.” He frowned and sat down beside her, “I was being pushed around by a group of much older kids, secondary-school age, as I was walking home from school. I thought my brother would step in to drive them away, but…you showed up first.”
“Hmm. Well, your brother’s people were in and out of here all afternoon, didn’t say a word to me. What are you up to?” Ah, there it was.
“You know where to put them, my love!” The tune of the music changed as she reached the top of the stairs. She looked at her brother and rolled her eyes.
“Got everything but a name for the bastard. I’ll worry about that later. Come on, you, time for bed.” She moved around the couch and hauled Greg to his feet, heading for the bedroom next door. He waved her off to go upstairs, but after she had tossed her uniform into the laundry-bin and changed into pyjamas, brushed her teeth, and brushed her hair out of the braided bun she wore for work, she went back downstairs.
you tan up beautifully.” Greg’s smile turned wicked and she had enough sense to close up the suitcase and move it off the bed before she ended up
“Oi! I do not want you, cat!” Sherlock said sharply as Kitty decided to insert herself into the situation and pulled herself onto his lap. “Ouch! Claws!”
“Oh! Yes, right! Of course!” Kendrick seemed a bit alarmed by the polite but blunt request, “Certainly! Just don’t let her talk out of turn, will you? That one’s got a mouth on her fit to burn a man if he’s not careful.” The unspoken “Don’t say do anything stupid.” was very clear. Judith clenched one hand in a fist behind her back and ground her teeth together, well-aware of the flush in her cheeks that didn’t come from the abominable heat of this hellish place.
you. Enjoying a little game. I was supposed to be playing to Mr. Holmes, but you seemed to be a bit more fun.”
“Oh, brat, am I?” An eyebrow went up, “I will show you a proper brat, sir.” John knew better than to challenge Sherlock on that, he would regret it. Intent on proving his point and keeping John quiet, Sherlock hooked his fingers into the waistband of John’s pyjama bottoms and tugged. John lifted his hips when requested by a soft kiss to his hip, and the bottoms and pants disappeared.
. What was it with people not looking after themselves properly? Shaking his head, John shoved unsteadily to his feet, using his cane and Sherlock for leverage and balance. He knew when Sherlock put one hand on his hip, leaning against him to provide a support, and John gratefully squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder. Once he was stable, he reached down and pulled Sherlock to his feet.
After packing two boxes with his few articles, John picked up the file and read it, knowing exactly what it said. Once he’d read the file and put his name to the proper lines, he snapped it closed and just held onto it, looking at it with a sense of resignation. Nothing left to do now except go hand this file back to M and say his goodbyes. As he left his office, the two boxes sitting on the clean surface for the movers, he looked back just once. Right. Well, that was just it, then, wasn’t it? One of the lucky few who had outlived his own life expectancy both in the Army and in MI6, he was being offered retirement. Well, as awful as that was, to him at any rate, his pension from Section Six would more than make up for any deficit the Army had left him hanging on back in 2009. Closing the door behind him, he locked it and tucked the keys into the file, then tucked the file under one arm. Smoothing the front of his suit jacket, he set off for the Director’s office.
She helped Brook sit down and left Sally to look after him for a while. She needed to focus on this phone call. John and Sherlock were sufficiently scared into behaving themselves, and Kitty had so far cooperated with them.
When they reached the residence kept by DeVil out in Hampstead Heath, they joined a small army of Met personnel. DeVil, as suspected, was
“No, it’s not fine, but time and place and all that.” Lestrade sighed, “Thanks for coming out, boys.”
Judith had dozed off when something jolted her awake. Startled from her unintentional nap, she sat up sharply and stared out her windshield. Down the street a ways, she caught sight of an idling taxi. Taxis by themselves weren’t unusual, but there was a serial-killer roaming the streets of London in a cab, disguised perfectly as an unassuming cabbie. Yanking the keys and pocketing them, she left her car and walked the street. If this was Hope’s cab, she would tag it. One hand on her side-arm, Judith approached the taxi with caution. A quick check of the tags proved it was his cab, and she crouched by the boot, digging into a pouch on her duty-belt. She didn’t see Hope anywhere, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t close by. With a quick, subtle motion, Judith placed a tracking-device on the cab that would then let her acquire its position anywhere in London. One of the plate-lights was out, she noticed. Shaking her head, she fetched her ticketing book and wrote out a violation notice.
“Well, barring any major crimes popping up, I’m clear and free.” He shrugged, rolling his shoulders, “Did you have something in mind?”
“I heard that, young man!” Mrs Hudson called from the kitchen. Sherlock looked at John and they both snickered. When she returned from the kitchen, their patient, indulgent landlady had a plate of cold-cut sandwiches for them and fresh tea.
The rest of the trip seemed to pass in the blink of an eye and yet it took an eternity for their final day to come. Greg and Judith returned to London relaxed, giddy, and
“I have ways to keep you alive, you know.” Moriarty said in a dangerous voice, “Be stubborn all you want, it won’t help in the end.” The stink of ozone and smoke was thick in his nose and Sherlock coughed. Moriarty was Dark Fey, the worst of the worst, and Sherlock hated being around him. In a heartbeat, Moriarty was in front of him and one hand tangled in the hair at the nape of his neck, tightened until Sherlock folded to his knees. And tightened again.
“No. Not yet. I’ve considered it, but it seems…sacrilegious, almost disrespectful. I haven’t earned the right to wear the uniform.”
not good, yeah.” She bit her lip to keep from laughing. They got to the line, got under it, apologized to Lestrade for being late, explained it away as a traffic-delay, and he sent Judith and John into the scene with Sherlock. They were met at the door of the ground-floor flat by a pissy Philip Anderson and Judith looked over her shoulder at Donovan, who watched, making a face no one else saw, mouthing “Fucking Anderson!” to the sergeant.
“Oh, yes, sir.” She turned to him with a polite smile, “You’ve got a tag-light out. Might want to get that fixed soon.” She tore off and handed him the violation notice.
“Nah. I’ve known Sherlock Holmes and his brother for nineteen years. We’ve maintained a weird kind of friendship since then. In fact, until four years ago, I hadn’t seen him in almost fourteen years.”
“Dispatch, this is Watson. I need a uniformed car to 4 Lauriston Gardens in Brixton immediately. Code 2.” She added the radio-code as a precaution, she didn’t want Hope to get any ideas if he drove past a Brixton squad-car with it’s lights on. She was no stranger to running covert operations, but she hadn’t expected to be doing it as a police-officer.
“Thanks for calling. That one needed a good run, I think this about did the trick for ‘im.” John looked over at Sherlock and grinned as he poked a thumb at him. Sherlock made a face and considered sticking his tongue out. Lestrade walked them to the primary line and saw them off again.
“You think you can just show up here uninvited, talk a mile a minute faster than the rest of us can process a single thought, berate us for “missing what’s right in front of us”, “plain as the nose on your face” you say, solve the whole fucking case, and then go off again without so much as a “by your leave”?”
“There would have been time for that, wouldn’t there? I ran one errand before I came here.” John rubbed the lid of the case, “I suppose you’re going to need a key for that.”
“Christ, Sherlock!” John looked frantic, but Sherlock could see that he still trusted him, never mind the madness of their situation. He nodded. John took a deep breath.
“John.” He held out his hand to his mate, marvelling at the colouring of his pelt, which he had seen only very briefly. The fur was soft under his fingers and he discovered that John liked being scratched behind the ears. He was careful of the wounds, but John didn’t mind being handled. Leaning down, he kissed John on the forehead, stop, and muzzle. And John let him.
“Roger that.” He checked his weapon and went after Jim Moriarty. You didn’t threaten people like that and just walk away from it!
“I won’t hurt you, you’re too dear. I don’t think Seb would like me very much if I hurt his favorites.” Moriarty leaned in close, “There’s a bit of a game I’m playing, if you don’t mind a round?”
“Huh.” Lestrade sized up John and his eyes narrowed. John, knowing he was under scrutiny, stood perfectly still, at rest, stance relaxed but alert. Lestrade ventured closer and circled the Summer Fey carefully, stroking the material of his coat and taking one hand. As with most Shapeshifters, John was prohibitively protective of his pelt, but he allowed Lestrade to study his hood and collar.
“So, where are we?” The DI asked as they got out of the car, John going first, quickly sliding past Mycroft before he could even set foot on the path.
“I’m sorry if they caused any trouble, Mrs Hudson, my brother’s people can be a bit careless sometimes.” Sherlock looked at John, “But I think … well, you know how you’ve been on me about getting someone to share the rooms with me upstairs?”
“Did someone else?” John frowned, not saying what was in his head: “Tell me their names and I will make them sorry for every word, every action they ever said or took against you.”
“Sherlock?” Oh, Christ, I think he was ... seventeen? Eighteen? Absolutely brilliant, he just ... he just ... ”
“Well, you did kind of kidnap him from a busy street, in plain view of his best friend no less.” Greg pointed out, not unkindly.
, you silly thing.” John stepped back from the door and waited for Sherlock to come down next to him. He did, and John looked up to make eye contact. “Ask me, Sherlock.”
He muttered as he hung up with the motherly dispatcher who seemed to like him and would leave little packages of goodies on his desk when he was having a particularly rough time of things. Collecting his tablet and a notebook, Greg packed his work-bag and made sure he had his phone and keys. He didn’t have to call for Judith, she was waiting at the door for him. She look sharp in her combat-uniform, he marked her rigid posture and carefully blank expression.
Sherlock obediently came and the minute he was close enough, John grabbed him by the hand and pulled him into a hug. He didn’t want to ask any questions, he just wanted to...savour. Sherlock was alive, he was warm, and he was absolutely okay with John hugging him like this.
Going upstairs, she peeked into the upstairs reception-room where Greg did paperwork sometimes. A fire burned low in the fireplace, and she smiled at the sight of her flat-mate passed out on the couch. Case-files littered the coffee-table and desk, and two empty beer-cans heralded how he’d gotten to where he was right now. Judith chuckled and went to stir the fire a bit. After she had banked the coals, Judith went over to the couch and stood over Greg, who slept half on his side, as if he’d fallen over from a sitting position. He probably had. Shaking her head, she reached down and woke him up.
Judith couldn't stifle an annoyed sound when they heard a low claxon. Someone had come to Sanctorum, probably looking for Stephen.
“Yes, Singapore.” John chuckled, “You really should ask your brother about that mission some time. It was quite...memorable.”
“Sorcerer, soldier, medic, sniper.” He shook his head, “A woman of many talents, and thank god she’s on our side of the law.” Greg had never been afraid of Judith, and until she gave him a reason
“Mine does!” He smiled and took a sip of his tea as he found his marked page in Frankenstein. “Tea, water, wine, whatever I have in my cup, she wants some. She’s also a bit of a scavenger, so guard your plate carefully.”
“Oh!” He laughed in relieved delight, but it wasn’t going to be a very long relief for Jim Moriarty, “You think you can make me stop the order? You think you can make me do that?”
“It’s just past half-five, Inspector, I don’t think we have to worry about crowds until our return loop.”
“Donovan. Not. Another. Word.” Lestrade snarled, his voice dangerous, “It will be on your head, and yours alone, if the wrong ears get word of your blatant disrespect to a member of the Summer Court. And I will not let you get away with it. Not ever again.” Sherlock looked at John in alarm. Was he royalty? Was he truly Fey royalty and Sherlock had completely missed it? John took his hand and held on, his demeanour soft and reassuring, but the message was very clear in his body language.
Then, Sherlock spotted him, backed against the railing of the balcony some ten feet above his head. But it didn’t
“I should have known, I should have … I should have stopped this all before it got this far.” He sat down on the bed and rubbed his fingertips across the quilt. Sherlock was behind him in a heartbeat, hands on his shoulders.
“Oi! Watch yourself, mate!” He snapped, struggling upright. Whoever he’d bumped into was much bigger than he was, and John gulped as the man rose a bit unsteadily from his stool and turned around.
“Pupil dilation bilaterally normal and reactive, heart-rate and respiration appropriate for what she just went through.” The man she assumed was Stephen was right next to her brother, and Judith couldn't help staring at him.
“Just a headache.” He took off his glasses and set them aside for a minute, pressing the heels of both hands to his eyes, “No worries.”
“It wasn’t an accident.” He muttered, mostly to himself. He wasn’t sure where that realization had come from.
“You can thank poor Mike Stamford for that one,” John remembered their conversation two days ago, Mycroft suggesting he pay a visit to Mike Stamford and get a look around Saint Bart’s.
“Well, as long as you’re aware of it.” Judith looked at her watch, “I guess I should go back down before Mr Marcus knocks on the door looking for me.”
“Got you something. Went down to Spanish Town to get it.” He pulled her onto the damp boardwalk, out of the way of anyone on the foot-path.
them. It was. Shutting down, he unbuckled the helmet and tossed it back onto the seat as he hopped out of the chopper. Sherlock was right behind him as they ran towards the centre of town.
“A little better at solving crimes at the moment. I’d be down to occasional locums work, maybe a half-time shift at a clinic I can talk into taking me.” Judith shrugged, “I’d kind of rather do something that lets me keep my own hours.”
“We’ll start your training, then.” He led her to a communal dining hall, which was a bit empty at this hour, and they ate a small breakfast before starting on whatever The Ancient One decided her training would consist of.
“I didn’t ask for it, but we’re keeping our relationship open. I’m not going to do to him what Claudia did, I can’t. I’ve been burned before. But…”
“Fire in the hole!” John shouted, right before the pen detonated, instinct kicking in as he grabbed Q and put himself between the Quartermaster and the blast. Q just giggled like a toddler in a toy-store. As the smoke cleared, John looked over his shoulder.
“Come with me, Mr Brook, I’ll keep you out of trouble. And don’t worry about getting caught by anyone.” She led him out of the bedroom and out of the house after putting him in handcuffs, “The cuffs are for your safety and ours.”
“Ever wonder where he gets off to when he disappears for a few weeks and doesn’t say anything?” She raised an eyebrow, “There’s a reason for that.”
“We can fly out tonight at eight, or tomorrow morning first thing.” He shrugged and kissed her, “All up to you, my dear, lovely, Constable.”
“You always miss something. It’s inevitable.” Sherlock Holmes, who had been God knows where since John had seen him at Saint Bart’s, ignored everyone else as he circled the body like a vulture, scolding them for being too loud when they were barely speaking above a whisper, and then began firing off a series of deductions almost faster than John could follow. Then, just as abruptly, he turned on his heel and prepared to disappear again.
Ten minutes later, the Radcliffes returned from their errands and John committed their expressions to memory when they came in to find him sitting on the floor by the coffee-table with Pongo taking more than his fair share of lap-space. He was listening to Sherlock sing to himself, eyes closed, but when he heard the door open, he roused.
If there was one thing Judith Watson didn’t have much of, it was patience for stuffy government types who didn’t give a damn about the faces behind the numbers on their spreadsheets. Let alone the numbers marked in red to note a combat-death or cause-related death. So when word got around Camp Bastion that a few such types were snooping around, she was not pleased.
“Singapore?” Sherlock recalled him saying something about that earlier when they had been discussing Mycroft's own government work.
“Yes, ma’am.” The pair of constables saluted and took off. As soon as they were out of sight, Judith looked at Sally and let out the breath she’d been holding for what seemed like hours.
“No, I don’t really. And I wouldn’t be happy doing anything else.” John smiled and came up alongside him, “I knew you weren’t dead, Sherlock.”
“No, you’re not.” Jim blinked, then closed his eyes briefly. Sherlock did likewise in an unintentional mirror movement. Jim smiled and opened his eyes again.
“Oh, this is beautiful.” John’s voice was soft, almost awed as he held up Sherlock’s own pelt, “Giant Otter? My god, you must be...what, over seven feet long! What a thing you must be to see, Sherlock!”
“Because you’re an insufferable busybody who can’t be bothered to keep your nose out of other people’s private business.” John just raised an eyebrow at the other man.
me to come with you?” Sherlock seemed almost surprised that John was asking him to come along. “I mean, won’t I … get in the way? You’re going to be rather busy with Molly, I imagine, you don’t need
. He carefully removed Watson’s parka, which he had likewise had meticulously cleaned, set it aside, and reached out with shaky fingers to touch the Belstaff. He had felt disjointed and lost, naked without his coat, and now...he rubbed the proof between his fingers. It
stupid. Or that desperate.” She shrugged, turning her back on Anderson, “Besides, I have bigger concerns than Anderson’s petty insults.” Like getting hold of the area CCTV cameras to look through footage for the cabbie to put him through facial-recognition.
himself a threat to her safety or that of her loved ones, she would treat him as she treated everyone else who showed an interest in being her friend: with the same charm and kindness that had won numerous partners into her bed over the years and had put her in good standing with her superiors both at The Met and in the Army.
“You’re doing it again, and it’s unacceptable. You are just perfect the way you are.” As if to make his point clear, Sherlock paid a bit of attention to the softness at John’s midsection. “This is part of aging, it happens to everyone. This does not make you less-than, it does not mean you are less capable.”
Mycroft wasn’t one for nicknames, Sherlock knew this had hit MI-6 hard hearing his brother use Judith’s nickname.
terrible, but what do I know?” She looked down the stairs, “I think he caught us but didn’t say anything.”
“Yes, Mrs Hudson!” They called down together, going downstairs after a bit of last-minute fiddling. Sherlock was especially touchy about the regimental flash patches on John’s sleeves and the rank-stripe on his placket. Mrs. Hudson waited by the front door for them holding Sherlock’s recognizable but rarely-worn Belstaff and scarf, the highly-recognizable deerstalker hat that had more or less started the whole mess that led to the showdown at Bart’s three years ago, and John’s regimental beret, appropriately adorned with a regimental cap-badge and hackle for the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers.
“I don’t think you’d believe me, Inspector.” John cleared his throat. Holmes had mentioned someone named Lestrade, was this him? He seemed to remember seeing that on his name-strip the other night at the pub. John hadn’t been paying attention to much that night, more focused on the fact that he was being arrested, but he had paid attention to the man putting him in handcuffs. This had to be Lestrade, there couldn’t possibly be that many people in London with such an unusual name, could there?
“Well, come on. Let’s get inside.” She pocketed the keys and locked up once Sally was out of the car. Getting into Baker Street was simple, and they were careful not to wake Mrs Hudson. Clearing 221B didn’t take long, there was no sign the boys had been back at all since their break for freedom earlier. But no sooner had they cleared the place than Judith saw movement on the street.
“Roger that.” For some reason that made him smile. Going into the kitchen, he found it to be quite a mess. Well, Sherlock
She clicked off, clipped her radio into place, and got out. She checked her Browning and they approached the house carefully. With her Browning in one hand, Judith knocked on the door with her torch.
“To get help. Stay with him.” She leaned down and kissed Sherlock on the forehead, “I’ll come back and save your life, Sherlock. You have an entire future ahead of you, I’ll give it back to you.”
“You?” Greg clearly didn’t believe him. “But you were still in the Army, why would MI6 care what you had to say about a body-guard?”
“I guess I owe you a story, don’t I?” John chuckled and twisted the half-empty glass between his hands. “Um, well, I’ve known Mycroft
did you?” He could only imagine how that phone call might have gone if his idiot partner had answered it. It had been done before.
, but she had no full-time job and she kind of knew more people on the force than outside it, not counting her brother and the Holmes boys and they didn’t really count anyway, so she worked a bit of overtime and no on
“Who said I was going to leave you?” John smiled and tugged on his hand, leading him to the sitting-room. They ended up on the couch together, and quietly drank their tea. Sherlock was afraid to ask for anything, he didn’t want John to push him away. Any intimacy was always on Moriarty’s terms and he never had a say. He had been ridiculed and abused for wanting affirmative touch, Moriarty said he needed to be controlled, not loved. It had changed the way he interacted with people, and not for the better. He was startled out of his thoughts by a touch on the back of his hand and he almost dropped his cup.
proud of his sister and looked forward to the chance to watch her rise through the ranks of New Scotland Yard. She was good with people, and rather good at solving crimes, so this was the perfect job for her.
“And glad to do it, sir.” She made a face, “About time I took a bit for myself and stayed home a while. I’ll figure out the details in time.”
“Got it, Inspector.” The medic looked at Judith and narrowed his eyes, “You don’t want a ride in, do you?”
I used a combination of the original dialogue from A Study in Scarlet and the dialogue in A Study in Pink from Ariane Devere's transcribed screenplays of the BBC series. None of this would be possible without Doyle or Ariane. At the very least, it would be a great deal more difficult without Ariane's efforts!
“Sounds like Kitty.” John chuckled, “Usually she doesn’t owe to strangers very quickly, I wonder what Mrs Hudson did to win her over.”
Judith gets a huge break in the case of the serial suicides and comes face to face with the killer. Again. She wasn't expecting that, and neither was he. This will be very interesting. She has to keep her loved ones safe, if she can, and stop the killer before he strikes again. And strikes close to home.
“Fine way to come back! Good work, you two, clever of you to follow it all the way out here to nowhere.”
It got quiet after a while, and someone brought out an acoustic guitar, strumming random soft chords. There were tears and whispers, of course, but it wasn’t like any wake or house of grieving Judith had been in before. But then again, the Almonds were a unique family and didn’t approach things like death the same way others did.
He had seen the girls of Maroush dance many, many times in the past and always adored it. It didn’t take a genius detective to recognize Judith Watson as the lauded Zazi, but Greg was absolutely floored. It was like watching magic happen, the way she moved so effortlessly, so confidently. She had experience with this, obviously, and as the set continued, and they pulled off different dances, he watched her confidence blossom. She had started out with a bit of reserve, almost nervous, but as she hit her rhythm, her confidence took front and center and it showed in her energy.
“I’m trying to figure out if I’m losing my mind or not.” He blinked at the pair, “I’ve spent a whole year visiting that stupid grave, y’know.”
“Son, I was stitching up wounded soldiers in Kandahar while you were causing mischief and running away from home as a lad of six. I was toppling regimes and small-time tyrants while you were wasting your time and money on drugs in uni.” John squared his stance and stood almost chest-to-chest with Sherlock.
“Ooh, low blow, Mr Holmes.” She wagged a finger in his face and climbed into the truck, “If you can manage a few hours without me and the camp is still standing when I get back, I’ll make it up to you on my next rotation home. Fair enough?”
Once Sherlock had gone back through the kitchen to the bedroom with John, Judith was left with Jeff Hope and Greg. She was a little surprised that Hope had agreed to stick around so quickly. After all, he had basically just told Sherlock to go pound sand. And yet, here they were, sitting at the table, very much as Sherlock and Hope had been, and he seemed willing to talk. She was a little surprised by this. And she asked him, “What is it about me that you trust so much? Why me?” And he had a very honest answer for her.
men for less than the behaviour I’ve seen from you today. I am not the sort of person to insult, to underestimate. I will take great pleasure in proving you wrong, violently if I must.” He smoothed a wrinkle out of his coat sleeve and looked up to make deliberate eye-contact again. “A little respect where due, Mr Holmes, will take you far in life.”
“Old habits die hard.” He indicated how they sat in relation to the rest of the bustling, crowded dining room beyond them. They were by no means isolated, and yet there was no one else seated directly around them. And there wouldn’t be for the extent of their visit. Mycroft looked around and then looked at John. He didn’t say anything, he just raised an eyebrow as if to say “Well? Am I wrong?” They both knew he wasn’t, and Mycroft hid a smile in his wine-glass. That turned into a chuckle and it wasn’t long before they were both laughing. Not more than a chuckle, but they couldn’t help it.
