---------------
Dean’s voice is just a whisper. “I needed you so much, Cas, but I didn’t know if I could trust it. I didn’t know if it was real.”
A bell jingles as Dean pushes the door open, and a leathery old mechanic comes shambling in from the adjoining garage where he must have been working. “Can I help you boys with anything?” he asks, wiping the engine grease from his hands and making his way behind the counter.
An hour and a half later, Dean’s easing the Impala over a particularly rough patch of asphalt and into a lot with paint lines so faint they give only the suggestion of parking spaces. “Long ago, this was a parking spot,” they say. “You may honor the past and use it as one now if you so wish.”
“Huh. You kinda looked like this at the end of our da---
Or maybe he’d just suck it up and walk into the bar.
(See the end of the chapter for
, I need a wingman.”
he’s been writing about us?” Dean’s eyes darken and his shoulders tense and Sam can tell he’s gonna lose his brother to some pretty intense brooding if he doesn’t explain himself soon.
“You saying you want to retire?”
. This thing must have a ten-foot wingspan.
When Castiel reappears in the bunker, Dean and Sam are sitting at the map table, piles of books and file folders spread out before them. Sam is unsurprisingly engrossed in whatever he’s reading; Dean is not. He has something open in front of him as well but is ignoring it in favor of absentmindedly pushing one of the colored plastic rings that serve no discernable purpose back and forth over South America.
Castiel finally finds it within himself to express something other than awkward remorse and shoots some weapons-grade stink eye over at Dean. Instead of finishing up whatever Dean had cut short, he mulls it over silently and looks satisfied with his conclusion when he speaks up again. “Sam, I would like to try healing your bullet wound once more. May I?”
“Okay?”
“Y’alright there Sammy?” Dean asks from his spot across the table.
“What, your wings? Yeah I liked ‘em! They’re, I mean have you seen those things?”
“Next time pick an actual meal!”
"Metatron?"
Cas backed up, eyes wide and freaked out. Damn, Dean was scaring him. Dean needed to calm down, he needed to sit down, tease Cas a little to make sure he knew Dean wasn’t actually angry with
“Trust me on this one. I got a friend down in Albuquerque -- well, not actually a
"Oh, yeah, good point."
-----------------------------
Cas stands up straight, looks Dean directly in the eye, and grabs the copy of
“Yeah,” Dean says, sheepish, like he sees them as a flaw.
“I didn’t hunt for them, they were simply here. And quite interesting.”
"Sure." Sam continues to smile.
out of Cas’ still-closed hand and tucks it carefully back into the other magazine. “For educational purposes.”
do: get up, pace around, make a pot of shitty motel coffee, clean a gun… Whatever he’s going to do, he should do it soon because his knees are starting to yell at him from where they’ve been ground into the ratty carpet. Instead of any of those other things, he crawls back onto the bed and snuggles up to Cas again. Cas settles his wings back around Dean, shrouding him from the world.
“Maybe we could take a trip like that, together.”
know. And no changing the subject.”
“What? No Cas buddy, you’re coming with us!” Dean claps the angel on the arm and gets up from the table.
“I don’t know. I’ve retied it many times starting in various positions but it always ends up backwards. Are men’s fashion accessories capable of quantum superpositioning?”
“You’re really focused on that coffee shop thing, Dean, but no and that’s kinda my point. There’s so much variety in everything here that there’s no single version of the universe that ours is going to change into. But the one constant, well the thing that’s
but you know what I mean. Other…
They’ve been on the road for about an hour, Sam in the passenger’s seat manning the old beat up green thermos and handing over cups of hot coffee anytime anyone -- okay,
Dean rolls his eyes, a complaint balanced on the tip of his tongue, but as soon as he sees the look on Sam’s face it’s replaced by a sincere, concerned “This is about another dream.”
: “We can get new dishes if you’d like.” “Is there anything you want to hang on the wall? I can take my things down.” One day he even asks if the color of the paint is okay. Dean does hang some things on the wall -- one of Baby’s old license plates, a framed photo of him and his mom, a few other things that don’t look like much but must be significant to have made their way into Dean’s pretty exclusive collection -- but he finds an unused section of the living room wall and resolutely does
Time finally up, Dean rinses off and steps out, drying himself quickly with a clean t-shirt before throwing on some sweats. Fuck if he’s putting jeans back on right now. Sam’s waiting by Cas with a dazed smile on his face, cheeks flushed from the almost-too-hot water Dean knows he prefers. “Dude, I didn’t even have to slouch to get under the showerhead!”
“Not the words in your head, but
too thorough shine job on Baby’s front bumper, the chrome unable to get any shinier than it’s probably already been for the last five minutes. He clears his throat. “Hey Dean, uh.”
Sam shrugs at his brother from the passenger seat. “I don’t know but he was just… Cas.”
“You’ve never left.”
Castiel takes a moment to think over his answer, and when it’s a simple and unhelpful “Yes” Dean has to work to keep the frustration off his face.
it wasn’t the eggs, it wasn’t about the eggs at all.
bad.”
“Ha, got you!” The burst of laughter that comes out of Sam’s stupid face is long and loud and it would be awesome if he’d stop now. When he finally does, he remembers why they’re having this conversation in the first place and gets back down to business. “So Cas, it’s this show---”
” drifting out of him as he leaves.
“Actually yeah.”
Turning to Dean, Mildred gave him a sympathetic “Missed you these last weeks,” then sent a head tilt Cas’ way and said “
“One of them’s a space station.”
It's perfect.
“Okay well, what’d you like then?”
But Dean isn’t even looking at Sam anymore, probably didn’t hear half of what he said, because what he
“Yeah. Yes.” Dean makes himself meet Cas’ gaze.
“I couldn’t--- I didn’t know if it would be
Before Dean can answer, Sam chimes in. “See Cas, something you need to know about my brother is that every time he complains about me being a huge nerd he’s leaving something out. He also is a huge fucking nerd.”
“Oh man, I hope this is what I think it is.”
are Chewbacca,” Charlie says, exiting the Impala with a flourish.
“What do you mean?”
“But Doug will think I lied to him. Or,” genuine worry flashes across Cas’ features, “that I stole from him.”
“Still figuring that one out.” Sam’s been furiously typing away during this exchange, but suddenly his hands still and he sits back a bit. “Alright,” Sam reads, “Ayy Oh--- 'archive of our own.' This is, wow, there are… Holy crap, there are a quarter of a million stories here based on Chuck’s books. And yep, tulpas.” Sam continues to click around. “And uh,” Sam huffs, grins up at his brother, “a lot, a
“Good,” Dean said. “I would too.”
Dean wonders for the first time what Michael’s wings look like. Or Lucifer’s.
“You don’t have to pay me for that, I was happy to help.”
-- had to go with those perfect lips and the way he jammed the tip of his tongue between them while waiting for a reply.
“Hello Dean. Oh.”
But god
“You spent the night hunting for scorpions?” Dean glances around, a little worried that a bunch of them are about to start climbing up his leg.
“I mean, I don’t think it’s his favorite topic of conversation or anything, but yeah he’s always been better at feelings stuff and just... thinking. That giant brain of his…” Dean chuckles softly. “You know it’s funny. Part of the reason I hate talking about this is because I really don’t think it was that bad, how we grew up. I mean I know it was, especially now that I’m older, but if I don’t let myself think about it, like
“You a banker?
Dean looked at him.
“Hey, where’d Cas go?”
“Yeah I was. Or, maybe I wasn’t, I don’t know.” Dean huffs out a breath, a quick laugh even though what he’s about to say isn’t funny at all. “I was hard. I thought it was kind of badass at first, to be honest. I was how I try to be sometimes now, you know. But after a while I saw that the hardness was all there was. How I was to the people around me... I didn’t treat ‘em well. I,” Dean has stopped walking now, and turns to face Cas. “I led them to their deaths. I led you to your death. On purpose, because I needed bodies and I knew you’d follow. I didn’t even give you a choice, man. I just fucking lied to you while you smiled.”
Remember those forums we came across back when we first found out about the
Mearle's Drive In was a real place in my hometown, but sadly closed down after a fire a few years after I moved away for college. It was exactly as
Cas puts a hand on a corner of the dryer and calmly tips it into place, dust puffing into the air to deposit one final layer of grime onto the Winchesters. Sam and Dean hold their breath for a moment waiting for the air to clear, then Dean turns wordlessly and starts back to the Impala.
“Yeah no. Thanks Cas, but I don’t gamble.”
Finally, Dean speaks. “Look, I’m gonna be rude, not on purpose but it’s gonna happen. And you’ll be rude too. And I’ll tell you when you are and you’ll tell me when I am. And we’ll try to fix our shit. That’s it. That’s the best we can do.” Dean sighs, swipes a hand down his face. “I know what it does to be always trying to fix problems that haven’t even happened yet, or to think problems are only for you to solve, one-sided, like the work is all on you. You will make yourself disappear under the weight of that.” After a second or two, Dean blinks wide, stretches his face. “Okay uh, moment over,” and suddenly Dean’s grinning, not really a false gesture, but still a deliberate one. “Man, I’m thinking maybe you got your wish about skipping straight to the knowing each other part. I don’t even know your last name and here we are having a fucking heart-to-heart, shit.”
“Here you are, sir.” Cas set the plate of pancakes down in front of Dean and turned back around to grab the rest of his order. Dean had immediately started dressing up his pancakes, lifting them apart to slide butter in between them, then starting the process over with syrup. Cas waited, pretending to be fussing with the eggs and sausage that were already perfectly arranged on the plate. He needed Dean’s full attention for the reveal.
words, okay?”
“The ground’s kind of hard,” Sam says calmly, keeping a pretty good lid on the annoyance Dean knows is there.
into the copy of
smiling down at Cas, and yeah they’re staring at each other and Cas still hasn’t moved his hand and damn, Dean thinks, this is awkward. He wishes that it would stop being awkward, but he’s not sure if he means that he wishes Cas would move his hand and Dean would look away or that they could stay here like this while the awkwardness blows on by and leaves them alone in the desert together.
“Would you like me to move that for you?” Cas asks, turning his gaze toward the rusty dryer.
“Nothing, uh…”
still waiting for someone, and no he doesn’t want to order any food yet. Cas waves at Dean and feels his stomach do a warm little flip when Dean’s face brightens. On his way over to the booth Dean catches sight of the blonde and his face brightens even more, big grin returning her laughter at seeing him, and the feeling in Castiel’s stomach turns sour. It’s alright, he reminds himself, this isn’t a date. Dean probably wants to date
Turns out, Bobby’s hunter friend is kind of odd.
“Alright well, what I want to know is how this is affecting Chuck.”
It’s brisk out here, cold in that unexpected way that deserts can be and that always throws him off. It was hot as fuck out here yesterday, how can it be cold now? Sam probably knows but Dean’s not about to ever ask. He wraps his arms around himself, wishing he’d grabbed his jacket, and hunches over a little, his sore legs adding a slight hobble to his step. He’s not old, doesn’t think of himself that way, but his joints and his stiff muscles have him thinking maybe he ought to reconsider.
“The television, Dean.”
Five seconds later Cas reappears in the garage and deposits twelve bottles of motor oil on the workbench Dean is leaning over and then immediately disappears. “
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean turns to head back toward the bar (he’d told Cas he wanted to walk, it’s a nice night) and pulls his phone out of his pocket when he feels it vibrate, someone from work letting him know they’ll be late tomorrow. Dean fires off a quick “sure no problem” then sees the text from Charlie he’d missed earlier.
“Yeah
Kinda hard to write a soft lovey ending for this that’s canon-appropriate knowing that Cas will continue to randomly disappear on Dean for the next decade and Dean will continue to struggle with existential despair, but whatever. Dean can have a little Cas who sticks around, as a treat.
“Shitty. I mean, I’m sure it was fine but you know me and planes...”
Lisa looked up from her book -- Cas had completely forgotten she was there, he was so focused on Dean -- and noticed that Dean had a lot of plates in front of him. “Dean, how many eggs did you order? Oh,” she gestured at the egg-in-a-hole, “What’s that?”
“Everyone knows Andy!”
--------------------------------
“Mm-hmm.” Conrad continues to eye Cas suspiciously.
Castiel knows that he screwed up, that Dean needs pie, and that Cas needs to bring him some.
. No, I was not paying you for your company. This is embarrassing.” Cas sighs and slumps a bit. “I finally managed to go on a date and I didn’t even know it.” Now it’s Castiel’s turn to mumble unflattering things about himself under his breath.
Dean follows as Castiel heads through the kitchen to the door. “Hey Cas can, shit, can we talk? Fuck I hate this.” The last part is barely audible, said much more to himself than to Cas.
At this, Dean laughed short and sharp. “You work at a Waffle House!”
, Cas,” Dean bites back.
“Dude, maple syrup?!” Sam asks, an incredulous smile spreading over his face.
They sit like that for a while, Dean dozing while Cas runs a hand back and forth through his hair, the moment only broken by Meatball crawling out from beneath the pile of people and blankets and starting to make biscuits directly on Dean’s ass. He snorts a laugh and opens his eyes, is happy to see that Cas is smiling too, and lets out a contented sigh.
“Fuck, this would give even
“Hey, Stevie!” Dean’s hanging halfway out the office door, calling out to Sam. Sam pops his head up from the open trunk and easily catches the room key that’s tossed to him before Dean retreats back into the office.
Charlie hums.
The guy listened intently to what she was saying, nodding occasionally and doing something fidgety with the spatula, sort of hefting it over and over. Dean’s eyes traced him from head to toe, and yeah. That was a good looking dude. He was tall and lean and had dark, dark hair that was messy enough that Dean was surprised they didn’t make him wear a hair net while cooking. Then again, it was Waffle House. Not exactly fine dining.
. Come on, follow me. The easy stuff’s in the trailer; anything important you want to see, you dig it up yourself.”
“Exactly. And lots more of us hanging out with friends -- as in, we actually
“I think that’s a condor!” Sam’s a bit breathless, like seeing this huge black bird is a major event. They’re close enough now to see that this is definitely
Slowly rolling his sore shoulders and gripping and untensing fists that are still very much aware of having been curled around a shovel all day yesterday, Dean looks across the top of the Impala and out over the desert. Off a long ways away, Castiel stands statue still, back to Dean, just existing in the desert. The nearby mountains are glowing red in the morning sun, and Cas looks even more out of place than usual, a guy in a trenchcoat and an ill-fitting suit. It’s haunting in a way, but yeah, it also kinda looks like a shitty Don Henley album cover. Dean grumbles to himself for ruining the moment with
“Yeah let’s do a short stack of pancakes, uh, a side of sausage, and,” and here Dean dipped his head to catch Cas’ eye, “some runny eggs.” He ended his order with a wink that momentarily fried every synapse in Castiel’s brain. Not knowing what else to do, Castiel pantomimed back an exaggerated wink, something like the physical equivalent of replying “you too” when someone at the movie theater tells you to enjoy the film. The smile that had been on Dean’s face collapsed a little as he looked away from Cas and turned toward his girlfriend. She said she didn’t want anything else but Cas barely heard it, too busy replaying that disastrous
think about it, I just remember that mostly... it was fun. Kinda every kid’s dream to be on their own, somewhere that feels secret and special, right? But other people don’t see it like that, and then when they look sad or mad or say something about how hard it must have been, they’re kind of laying that, that
“Hang on, lemme go grab some stuff out of my car.”
Before Castiel can answer, the server arrives with their food and drinks, then leaves just as quickly.
stays in Henderson then!”
“Hmm? Oh uh, it’s just easier if you’re not an angel.” Dean’s not really paying attention to what he’s saying, too busy digging through one pocket and then another looking for his keys. When he gets the trunk open and looks over at Cas, he thinks the guy almost looks hurt and does a quick replay. Ah shit. “Hey no, Cas, what I meant was, Conrad’s a weird dude and I don’t really want to have to deal with whatever’s gonna pop loose in his head when he learns about you guys.”
“What’re you doing, Cas?”
he is.
“Two, tops. My butt’s practically asleep.”
“...An adequate
“You got it, hon,” Mildred said, her eyes dancing. Dean watched as she deftly scooped his plate back up and sashayed back across the restaurant before dropping it in front of the smart ass cook and cocking her hip out, talking animatedly with big hand gestures.
At first, Castiel is still. Frozen. Just as Dean's about to pull away and stammer out that he's misjudged and that he's sorry, he feels Cas' hand on his neck and hears the angel make a small sound of surprise and contentment. Dean deepens the kiss, parting his mouth a bit around the plush, pink lips he's been sneaking glances at since he first met the angel. Cas, though, doesn't seem to get what Dean is hinting at and continues to press himself against Dean in a manner that can really only be described as enthusiastically demure. It's not that Cas is a prude or anything, Dean's pretty sure, it's that he has no idea what he's really doing. Going on pure technique, if Dean had to measure this kiss against all the others he's had in his life Cas wouldn't even rank in the top half. But Cas keeps making these little sounds and his hand has gone from gripping Dean's neck to petting across the side of his face and into his hair and yeah, Cas might not know what he's doing but he sure as hell knows what he wants.
---------------------------
“Are you ready, Dean?” Cas asks, hand outstretched to grasp Dean’s arm.
Castiel blips himself out of the bunker and flashes just on the invisible side of the veil past a succession of places that are either convenient or a store until he finds one that is both convenient
This is not what Castiel is expecting, and it takes him an extra second to switch from the conversation he’d planned and rehearsed to whatever this is going to be.
The guy furrows his brow, like he’s fighting through the stress of his day to stay present in the conversation, seems distracted but not impatient. After a moment he finally replies. “No, it really isn’t.”
to what Chuck wrote back then, and as shitty as some of the events had been to live through they always made Sam and Dean stronger, fuller versions of themselves afterward. But now-Chuck? Now-Chuck is just petty and spiteful and while Sam isn’t as openly over Chuck’s bullshit as Dean is, he’s just as done.
“Yeah, we keep finding ways to fight with each other. That’s not new, you know.”
Mostly, Dean liked to think of himself as a pretty chill guy. He had to be, what with Dad and Sam always locked in some battle with Dean in the middle. Ever since they lost Mom, it was Dean’s job to keep his family together, his job to be the peacemaker.
has other things to worry about. Like how he just shit himself at work because some guy fucking disappeared into thin air.”
black, but they’re also a deep sapphire blue and emerald green and amethyst and even a deep bronze-y gold. “It’s an oil slick,” Dean says quietly to himself as he absentmindedly reaches a hand toward the wing in front of him. Castiel’s wings are the same color as the black rainbows in parking lot puddles that used to delight Dean when he was a kid, and they seem just as fluid too.
“Cas, Buddy, that guy’s just hawking kitchen appliances. Those people are all being paid to be there and act like whatever’s in front of them is the best thing they’ve ever eaten. It’s a commercial.”
Sam’s stopped digging now too and looks at his brother, clearly surprised to hear Dean float the idea of leaving the life.
Dean and Sam walk back toward Cas but slow when they see that yeah there is definitely a bird over there and Cas looks like he is definitely talking to it. His mouth isn’t moving, but his face has the same intensity and focus it does when he’s listening to a local sheriff try to make sense of the unexplainable. Still crouched down, Cas and the bird seem like they’re about the same size, which wow, that is one big-ass bird. Maybe it’s an eagle?
?!” And yeah man, there is definitely more.
of the slot machines, Dean asks “No seriously, what are we doing with the rest of the day?”
They’ve been on the road for a couple of hours, gas station breakfast balanced half eaten on Dean’s thigh. He’s fiddling with the tape deck and trying not to knock the thing that’s supposed to be a sausage biscuit down into the footwell, so it takes a moment for him to process what the hell Cas has just said. When he swivels his head around to fix Castiel with a stare, the backseat is already empty and he can see the distinctive shape of Cas’ trenchcoat crouched at the side of the road.
“No, it’s… I think the reason he’s interested in all this true crime stuff is because so much of it depends on the edges. People who live on the edges, or feel like they do -- Sam felt it more than I did, that separation from how other people lived -- those are the people who get killed or do the killing, ya know? And the places. Truck stops, shitty motels, little nowheres that no one goes to on purpose unless they don’t want to be found. Places where you won’t be remembered when you disappear, because the people who spend time there make it their business not to remember, not to have seen enough in the first place to have anything
“Don’t choke now, honey,” she said, before grabbing some of their empty plates and whisking them away.
us. He likes making us jump through hoops. He likes us entertaining him."
Cas just watched fondly as Dean worked his way through his french toast, occasionally accepting a bite as Dean fed him.
“Sam, can you fill her up? I’m going to go check out the snacks.” Dean nods his head at the little store built onto the side of the garage and hefts himself up out of the car. His legs are a bit shaky under him from the drive -- what the hell, they haven’t even been on the road for that long -- and he kicks his feet around to wake everything back up, scuffing his boots against the gravel and making a little dust cloud. Cas silently watches the dust swirl from his place in the backseat; he’s doing his cat thing again, and just like with cats it’s hard to tell sometimes if his aloof stillness is a sign of annoyance or contentment.
Dean’s eyes crinkled with laughter and Cas could sense the smile hidden behind the hand Dean was rubbing down his face. “Cas, you are somethin’ else.” When Dean looked back at Cas, his green eyes were sparkling. “No man, I mean, do you want to go somewhere with me?” The laughter had subsided but the glow was still there on Dean’s face. “Do you want to go to dinner tonight?”
“You don’t want to know.”
“Not sleepy tired, but yes. Um it, being cheerful can be tiring.” Cas doesn’t usually explain this stuff to people, but then again people also don’t usually ask in a way that seems to come from a desire to understand as opposed to a desire to correct.
Dean can’t help but bristle a little. “Well sorry for being rude then.”
won this little battle so he picked an entire piece of toast covered in egg salad and shoved the whole thing in his mouth, chewing ostentatiously and making obscene “yum” noises. And damn, he had to give it to the weird cook guy, it might’ve been the best egg salad he’d ever eaten.
“You want a cherry pie?”
Dean absolutely does not jump, not even the tiniest bit, at Sam’s sudden presence.
Cas blinks once, a big exaggerated thing like he’s resetting something, and turns his gaze toward Dean. His face softens and Dean feels warm -- warm
“What?” Dean shakes off the memory of that cold, too stiff Sam-who-wasn’t-Sam and makes himself look over at his younger brother. Sam is folded up in the seat, knees straining at the fabric of his jeans. He’s gangly and kind of goofy and looks so wonderfully like
“And I am happy to see you.”
It would be nice to feel like this all the time, wouldn’t it? To come home after a hard hunt to a house with a shower and towels and soap and clean carpet you can stand on without worry. What a thought. To do what you like -- save people, be helpful, be useful -- and still get to sleep the night in your own bed...
, I’m thinking we play something easy tonight,” Charlie announces, voice maybe just a little too cheerful.
, could take up this whole wall...” Dean spreads his arms wide.
Cas set the plate down.
Sam scrunches his face up, but before he has a chance to point out his brother’s hypocrisy, Dean cuts him off. “What can I say, man. Christine McVie is awesome.”
Cas’ levity had evaporated. “But that would have ruined the joke.”
“Exactly.”
.” Dean’s mini freakout takes a backseat while he looks up at Castiel with his wings stretched straight up, feathers streaming out behind him like banners being carried into battle. Everything about Cas’ body language says “soldier of God” while his face just looks worried about the lamp.
“It wasn’t you, Dean.”
“Sam, Dean, and I are working a case, uh, for Bobby, and… we...”
-- I don't recall if the aquarium at Mandalay Bay was around in 2009, but it's really hard to think of things in Vegas that Cas might be into so...
"Ha ha."
Sam knew the two of them would be getting up to something...
that last relationship ended) -- a house that’s been open to him since he was a kid. Bobby finds Castiel peculiar, but Bobby’s been making family out of strays his whole adult life and the guy clearly makes Dean happy, so that’s more than enough for him to welcome him into the fold.
God, now he has to actually shower. After some jerky back-and-forth hesitation, Cas turns the water on and strips, the movements fluid and quick so he doesn’t have time to stop halfway through and get stuck in thought. When he steps out of the bathroom to toss the grimy, body-warm clothes onto the pile of laundry next to the bed, Cas can hear Dean puttering around in the kitchen and a slow wave of shame runs through him. Back in the bathroom, Cas stands in front of the roaring shower, his dislike for wasting water keeping the pause to just a few seconds before he steps inside. Humming sounds rhythmically in the back of his throat, low and quiet and self-soothing, as he moves forward and back into the spray of the shower, slowly inching more and more of himself under the showerhead. The water is nice and warm, but the feel of it raining down on his skin is too intense for Cas to just douse himself in the stream; it always takes about 30 seconds to get himself fully immersed. As with brushing his teeth, once the process of showering begins Cas is fine, going through everything step-by-step in the same order as always. And as always, when he’s done he feels better and grumbles at himself for having put it off in the first place.
“So send them back,” Lisa said, still chewing the piece of bacon he always let her steal right off his plate.
With the drape of an arm across the other man’s shoulders, Dean guides Cas out of his thoughts and back to the waiting car.
Behind him, Lisa was brightly telling Dean a funny story about her yoga class that afternoon, which Dean was laughing at a bit too loudly. The story ended and there was a long pause, which Cas couldn’t help but try and fill by banging at the grill completely unnecessarily.
and Castiel knows he did good. For once, he did good.
Castiel is quiet as the two of them walk the half mile or so to his ailing vehicle. Dean sneaks glances at the guy trudging along next to him, thinks he still seems a little off or maybe just lost in thought. Cas is an unnerving combination of fidgety and still, has been rubbing a palm back and forth across the knuckles of his other hand in a way that, well, if you see someone do it once or twice outside a shitty bar it means they’re about to take a swing. Someone doing it over and over for five solid minutes? Dean’s not sure what to make of that, but he does know he’s walking down a deserted country road with a strange man and woops maybe this is not the smartest thing he’s ever done.
“Woah, I’m sorry!” Dean yelps while Cas continues to squirm even after Dean has completely stopped touching him.
costume; and electronic billboards the size of a four-story building. And Jesus, the lights. How are they still this bright even during the day?
“No dude, it’s cool, just take your pie and get out of here man. Don’t murder me.”
“He’s another hunter.” Dean cuts him off.
“Yes Cas, thank you. What I mean is, you never showed them before.”
Sam slides in a Foghat tape and they drive.
“Nothing. That’s what’s so strange.”
want from what other people want from
--------------------------
“Uh yeah, thanks for the eggs?” Dean said as a goodbye to Cas, then followed Lisa to the cash register near the front door.
“No.” Castiel frowns down at Dean, eyes narrowing in confusion. “Why would you think I’m a banker?”
“Uh yeah, that would be good.”
Sam clears his throat. “So uh, we’ve got that box. Just bring it back here?”
Dean blows the steam from his coffee before taking a tentative sip. Nope, still too hot. “So you’re not…”
“I’ll have, um…” Cas fidgets with the laminated menu, corners curled up and peeling apart, studies it carefully, and answers “Maple syrup.”
“Hello, excuse me, um, do you have a phone that I can use?”
Cas’ smile got a little bigger and he turned around to start boiling another egg for Dean. “You’re lucky I couldn’t find an ostrich egg. I had plans.”
Castiel immediately stops the quiet, barely there humming, but it takes him a few attempts to convince the hand that’s tapping and rubbing open-palmed on the back of the other to stop.
“Yeah.”
“Here you are! Egg white omelet, just like you ordered.”
Castiel squints down at the basket for a moment, working out what he’s looking at. "Oh. It wasn’t intentional, but yes I suppose I did."
Cas!” Dean startles and sloshes a bit of cold coffee onto the table.
Cas sheepishly smooths a hand over his hair, like that’s going to help.
“How? It still would've been a face.”
“What, like his game plan? The fuckin’
Dean glares at Cas. “Yeah yeah, hope is good, love conquers all, whatever. I’m just saying, there’s being hopeful and then there’s deluding yourself. Goddamn I am fucking starving.” Whatever fight had risen in Dean’s chest has left as quickly as it came and now he just feels hungry. And tired. And like he could use a drink. Dean scans the edges of the cluttered space and gestures Cas toward a generic sit-down burger joint built into a far wall.
Bobby, of course, chooses the exact moment Dean utters the word “dick” to appear in the doorway to the kitchen. His step falters and he really looks like he wants to turn right around and leave, but he also looks like he’s going to drop dead if he doesn’t get some coffee. After a moment balanced in between, the draw of the coffee maker pulls him in and he commits himself to whatever the hell he just walked into.
Dean digs around in one of the duffles, then another, and a third before he finally comes up with a can of salt. Only then does he look up at Sam and pantomime tossing long, flowing locks over his shoulder.
Sam waits for Cas to elaborate; when it’s clear he isn’t going to, Sam rolls his eyes. “You’re gonna need to give me a little more to work with here.”
saying it.”
Yeah let’s go with the second one.
“Yes.”
“Yeah, and I don’t think you’re gonna like it.”
“Yeah, you seemed more human and I thought it was good at first but… I guess I just like you how you are.” The subtle lift of Cas’ shoulders tells Dean the angel is pleased.
Charlie gives him a look but the show comes back on before she can say anything. Dean tries to get back into what’s happening but he can’t focus and it’s only partially because the episode has gone completely off the rails. When the show ends (they’ve solved the big problem and now -- huge surprise -- there’s an even bigger, even more unbelievable problem) Dean says “It felt like I was with Bela again.” It’s a quiet admission.
When Dean walks back out of the kitchen all the fight he’d been carrying across his shoulders is gone. He looks tired and maybe a little embarrassed, and if he notices that Cas can’t stop kneading his hands together he doesn’t say anything about it.
Sam lets Dean stew for a bit and calm himself down before speaking again. “Like you said, Dean, are those really the only options? What would you do if it was up to you?
Dean shuts up and gets in the car.
Lisa stood and leaned into him, their foreheads pressed together and their breath mingling, before she kissed his cheek.
“That is… not my experience with people at all.”
Sam picks up on something and decides it’s a good time to make a graceful exit, so he takes the handbasket from Cas (“Cas, you’re not supposed to take these with you, ya know.”) and heads off to the kitchen. Before he gets too far, Dean catches a glimpse of Miss November leering at him from inside the basket and calls Sam back.
“Whatever you want is fine,” Dean said, before stuffing his cheeks full of more waffle and hoping she wouldn’t ask him more questions.
They walk over to what is a very homemade but heartfelt tribute to the Star Trek Experience. A few behind-the-scenes pictures, taken with someone’s cheap personal camera and blown up large enough that the details have started to get a little blurry; an old Quark’s Bar menu selling food like “The Wrap of Khan”; attraction tickets, receipts, and other small things; and a plaque that looks like it was made at a local trophy shop. Dean squints down at the closing date -- September 1st, 2008 -- and laughs quietly, bitter but honestly also kind of amused.
Dean just stared at it, helplessly, before he looked up at Mildred. She was straight up giggling, which should make him mad but she was too cheerful and sweet to be mad at. His eyes cut to that damn cook, who was leaned over the counter and staring at him shamelessly, obviously enjoying fucking with him.
“Really not your day, huh?”
“That you had to wear a suit and tie?”
Once again, Mildred saved his ass, showing up and setting down a plate that had a piece of toast, perfectly toasted and… was that fucking egg salad? It even had that little dusting of paprika that most people forgot.
chance unless he wanted to walk all the way back to town. When he saw the crowded parking lot, suddenly the idea of walking all the way back -- not just to Sioux Falls, but to his home on the
“What?”
You: Oh, a fun roadtrip fic!
Dean frowns. “N’yeah I’m not convinced. Who knows what the hell she’s spending her life on but I don’t think it’s us. I don’t know, maybe.”
It’s been long enough that Cas’ hair looks wet, like he just got out of the shower, and somewhere in the back of Dean’s mind it registers that this might actually be a little funny, the irony. But Cas’ hair isn’t dark and clumped with water, but with oil. And from his vantage point standing while Cas is curled up on the couch below, Dean can see flakes of dandruff or wax or whatever all that shit is that a shower would wash away.
“So think about that happening way back then, and then think about the
They'll figure it out. They always do.
They fall asleep anyway. The next morning, Cas rides Dean til they both find out what’s at the end of that road.
“N-nothing, I didn’t have… It was a note. About you, so I wouldn’t forget who you were.”
“Okay, buddy,” Dean said, not even opening the menu. "Can I get a short stack and
Splaying his hand out on the menu like he needs to break Cas’ concentration on it and tapping it a couple times, Dean looks back up at Jeanne (who at least appears to be enjoying her shift a bit more now) and asks for a cup of coffee for his friend. Once the three of them are alone, Dean turns to face Cas completely at the same time that Sam leans over the table, hands folded in front of him and eyes wide.
Well, it's physically impossible for me not to turn everything into a character study so WHOOOPS let's talk about Dean's childhood. Next chapter will be fun stuff though, I promise. Also will probably be the last chapter.
I’ll be at game night.”
Dean’s scowl turns into a pout.
“Oh hey, I didn’t mean you had to go get me some.”
He needs other things too, more practical things, more objectively necessary things, but Castiel knows that the most important thing Dean needs is pie. Thinking back over the myriad truck stop and gas station transactions that he’s witnessed while travelling with the Winchesters, Cas has a good idea of what the other things are. He also noticed that no one -- not any one of the 352 other people he’s seen at gas stations or motels over the years -- needed pie. But he knows that despite what the empirical evidence says, despite the sample size and the data points and the illogic of it all, Dean needs pie.
The voice huffs into the phone. “Hold on a minute, will ya?” There’s a muffled sound and then Castiel mentally follows along as the man walks the phone from the quiet of the office where he’d answered it into the din of the auto shop. “Dean!
“Okay,” Cas says with a smile.
“So uh, where’re we headed?” Dean asks Sam, working hard to brush past the wave of feelings.
Sam jerks awake, clammy face sticking for a moment to the surface of the map table. He’s fallen asleep in the middle of research again, that bullet wound he shares with Chuck continuing to sap his strength as it refuses to heal. He doesn’t think it’s killing him, but man is it a pain in the ass. And the dreams, visions, glimpses, whatever they are, yeah Sam’s pretty over those too.
“You were gone for a
Dean tore his eyes from the cook and his wild sex hair to his very clearly wrong eggs. Was this dude just fucking with him? He tried to smile, but it just felt weird on his face. He didn’t know why the eggs were bothering him, but they were.
“Honestly, I don’t know.” Dean was still looking at Cas, while Cas was looking at Dean trying to figure out why Dean was looking at Cas, resulting in a weird staring match between the two men. Cas got squintier and squintier while Dean’s eyebrows moved higher and higher and when Cas finally deployed a head tilt Dean barked out a laugh that said “what the fuck is going on here” better than any words could have. The spell was broken.
“What the hell. Why would you be seeing visions of what random people are writing about us on the internet? That doesn’t make any sense, it’s not
When they finally do solidify, Cas’ wings are such a deep, dark black that it hurts to look at them. For a split second he’s worried he’s about to have his eyes burned out of his skull in some sort of divine accident, but Dean quickly realizes that what’s causing his throbbing headache is the contrast. The sun is so bright out here that at first the sudden appearance of this wall of blackness is too much for his brain to handle. As his eyes adjust, though, Dean sees that the wings aren’t just a dark mass, like someone cut twin holes in the universe right over his friend’s back. The wings
“You prayed to me, Dean, and I answered.”
“And for you?” Jeanne looks over at Dean.
“Hey, how’re you going to remember which -- what is this? A dryer? -- it’s under?” Dean slaps a hand on the hot rusty hunk of metal he’s definitely going to ask Cas to roll over onto the filled in hole.
a headache.”
“Right, well, we did what we always do when we’re trying to find someone. We looked him up online. Or, his books anyway.”
Dean could tell the real truth, that there was something incredibly unappealing about holing himself up in that little room that reeked of his childhood, watching faces that loomed claustrophobically large in the small space. That it had been lonely before but now if he tried it, without Cas by his side, it would be even worse. Or he could deflect, tell the
“Yeah well, my Fridays are kind of full these days and she’d kill me if I cancelled again.”
“Hey, in case anything else does come up, with your truck I mean, here’s the number of the garage I work at.” Dean pulls a business card out of his wallet, the sole card he’s carried around with him for years with corners worn enough to show it, and quickly scribbles another number before handing it over to Cas. The way the other man is staring at him -- maybe judgemental, maybe smoldering -- and the way his already deep voice dropped another octave when he said Dean’s name has him flustered in ways he doesn’t usually get. “I put my personal number on there too uh, for if you need to get a hold of me after the shop’s closed. Like in the evening.”
“...Finding love in a trash compactor.”
“So.”
“Since when does that boy carry business cards?” the voice asks.
He’s on his second beer and is idly watching a few guys take the results of the old love tester near the door way too seriously when a guy who says his name is Balthazar sidles up and decides to ignore the fact that Dean is resolutely not participating in the night’s event. The guy is relentless and Dean would be annoyed if he wasn’t too busy being totally bewildered. “Balthazar” (no way that’s his real name because who the fuck is named
“Well, maybe I missed you too,” Dean said, smirking. “Or maybe I just missed your eggs. You managed to not give me what I wanted and still make me delicious eggs every time. Except for the egg white omelet. Please never make me that again.”
Cas smiles.
Dean rolls his eyes. “It’s only six. I’ve still got four or five hours of driving in me.”
That good humor Dean managed to scrounge up for himself is almost gone by the time the three of them walk into the casino, but he clings to the scraps and after a few minutes has managed a pretty decent welding job on his mood. The air in here is weird -- artificial and processed, but also smoky as hell -- and it’s even more garish inside than it was out on the Strip, but Dean ignores all of that as he heads purposefully to his destination. Up there, ahead, past the high rollers section and a weird massage booth, Dean can see telltale signs of the 24th century. He speeds up, knows he’s grinning, not really a happy smile but more of a fragile “all work and no play makes Dean a dull boy” grimace. He’s so ready for the sense of relief and relaxation -- he’s about to get to do this one stupid fun thing for himself -- that he’s almost angry about it. For a single day he gets to be just some dumbass guy who likes Star Trek, who isn’t an archangel’s vessel, who isn’t expected to burn himself out save the world, who---
After a pause Castiel replies “Hmm, probably not,” so deadpan that Dean isn’t sure if the guy’s actually joking and slows a little. “I am not going to murder you, Dean. It was a joke.”
a last hurrah, but it’s also the best damn pie Dean has ever had. As he glances over at his brother and his angel -- still talking about who knows what -- a smaller, quieter voice answers the chorus of self doubt echoing through his head.
“N… I don’t know. No.”
Castiel is still and his face is blank -- blanker than normal -- and Dean watches as he shifts a little, tries to sit up straighter, to pull a more pleasant expression up over his features.
Dean hunched over the counter, covering his face so the other diners didn’t have to see him fully lose his shit. He felt absolutely scraped raw.
“No Dean, I didn’t forget. But unless you’ve figured out a way to stop it in the next couple of days, I don’t see why you can’t give yourselves a break. This ain’t a sprint, Dean, it’s a marathon. Besides, last year when we realized just how much had hit the fan I seem to recall you being real quick to---”
“Dean?” Cas’ gravelly voice floated across the parking lot. Dean turned to see him leaning out of the restaurant, face painted with concern, free hand rubbing up and down a pant leg. “Are you okay?”
Cas sits, and he and Dean exist in a silence that would have been awkward before the events of the past few minutes, but that now is charged with potential.
They’re the largest wings Dean has ever seen until they’re not.
“Yes, no.
“Eggs.” Cas replied without turning around. After realizing Dean wasn’t going to say anything else, Cas continued. “Caviar are eggs. I thought we were playing a game about eggs.”
Castiel isn’t bothered at all by Dean’s onion breath.
was going to make Dean want to spend his day visiting a dam.
Cas walks in, grabs a hand basket, and begins his quest.
“Thank you Dean, I completely agree. As I was saying, short of asking Chuck directly if he’s feeling any less antagonistic towards us, your wound is the best indicator of the level of connection between him and you. I believe it may also serve as an adequate thermometer---”
“Dean, I need you to listen to me, really listen to me, okay?” Lisa said, putting her hand on his.
. Traffic is a nightmare and there’s construction everywhere, casinos trapped in an endless cycle of destruction and resurrection. There’s plenty to look at, at least, as they inch up the Strip: flashy cars (none as nice as Baby); people in crazy costumes; people in barely
“Really?” Dean said. “That’s not a dick move?”
“Was it real? That future? Or just Zachariah messing with me with the worst case scenario?”
. Dude’s an angel, in case you hadn’t noticed. How’s he him if he’s not himself? Shouldn’t he just be Jimmy Novak?”
“No, I don’t mean Michael. I mean you -- Dean Winchester -- were an angel.”
The first time Dean had called it “Cas’ hole” had been a genuine slip -- one that had mortified him -- but now he’s playing it up because he’s nervous and overwhelmed, and when he gets nervous and overwhelmed he gets obnoxious. The fact that Cas doesn’t seem to get the jokes
“Yeah I thought the same thing. Still, it’s weird though.”
out of pure gratitude. That was until she set it next to his elbow and he saw that instead of runny eggs he now had what looked like hard scrambled eggs.
Bobby gives Sam a quick squeeze on the shoulder as he walks past and heads toward the back of the house, leaving Sam alone in the kitchen. From his spot on the couch Dean watches through heavy eyelids as Sam lingers at the table a little longer then hefts himself up and heads over to the sink.
“Then please Cas, stay.”
“He’s inside, Sam, asleep. Passed out actually. I believe Conrad may have a drinking problem.”
“Oh no, my apologies, that’s not what I meant at all!”
There are lots of different ways to need to bathe: sour armpits and salty skin at the end of a long hard day in the sun; motor oil and engine grease and little flecks of rust in every imaginable crevice; the flop sweat and stale piss of an old drunk. Dean’s familiar enough with the first two himself, the third because he encountered enough guys like that on the road with his dad. What he’s not familiar with at all is the smell of a person who has sat still and done almost nothing for a week straight.
Dean says nothing, just turns his gaze down and away from Cas.
This part of the country is covered in a shaky but regular grid of north-south and east-west country backroads. Even the interstates don’t cut much of a diagonal, so the morning’s drive southwest takes them on a stair step path across the state; once they get into Colorado things will smooth out, the drive a lot more south than west. There’s a more direct route that would take them through Kansas, just clipping the northwest corner of the state, but even though it wouldn’t take them anywhere near Lawrence, Dean works out an alternative. It’s not like he refuses to set foot in the state -- they take jobs there all the time -- but Dean doesn’t go into Kansas if he doesn’t absolutely have to. Can’t imagine ever living there again, and all-in-all it’s just easier for him to avoid it if he can.
the bed while Dean was “reading magazines”... (“I’m sorry Dean, I failed to properly account for galactic drift while calculating my landing coordinates. The Virgo Supercluster can be tricky.”)
“Well what happened?”
Meanwhile, Lisa had taken a few bites of the toast (“No,” Cas thought, “I made that for Dean!”) and slipped her book back in her purse. Cas followed her movement as she placed a hand on Dean’s forearm, rubbing the rolled up cuff of his very soft looking flannel shirt and wordlessly indicating that they’d spent enough of their day at a Waffle House.
seven meant before seven or after seven, or how much before or after, so I decided I should be early so as not to be rude.”
"Wait, I thought Kirk was your favorite."
“It’s open!” Charlie calls from inside on the first knock.
Cas and Dean learn that both of them are from somewhere else, but that they’ve both been in Sioux Falls long enough that it feels like home. “You said your car does too,” Cas reminds Dean, which leads him to tell Cas the Cliff’s Notes version of his childhood on the road. The way Dean tells it, the car almost seems to have driven itself, the driver and his motivations (presumably “his,” presumably this is Dean’s father) remaining offscreen. Whatever the reasons, it seems Dean and his brother spent their childhood criss-crossing the middle of the country in the big black car he’d been so excited to share with Cas. It’s not a sad story, focused as it is on Sam and Dean’s adventures going from world’s largest this to world’s largest that, but it’s an incomplete one and it becomes clear to Castiel that there were only three people doing all this wandering, not four. He doesn’t ask.
a book.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shoulders the rag, bumper forgotten, and walks over to his brother. “I
person who should be giving advice on this but you have got to let that crap go. If it’s not rude for other people it’s not rude for you.”
Sam what are you doing hhh…
“What do you mean?” Sam chokes a bit on the question but thankfully Dean doesn’t seem to notice.
Sam's urgency is gone and now he's listening patiently, the placid smile on his face making Dean hesitate the way the "you’re so full of shit" look didn't.
“Make ‘em curly.” Dean adds at the end of Sam’s order.
He’s scowling, unblinking and focused on the toilet paper that’s clear across the small store, when he nearly walks into a display of fruit proclaiming “2 bananas for $2!” Castiel squints, tilts his head, tries to understand why the signmaker didn’t reduce the fraction. “One banana for one dollar” is a much clearer statement of unit cost and uses lower numbers. Low numbers seem like they would be beneficial when trying to entice people to buy things, but a glance around the store dispels this notion. So many things have “99” written on them, the numbers large and bright and dramatic, as if the high value holds some special significance. If 2 is better than 1 and 99 is better than 2 then surely... Castiel touches two fingers to the sign and helpfully alters it to read “Infinite bananas for infinite dollars, provided your infinities are equal” then turns away from the display. Somewhere in his vast cosmos of a mind, Cas is vaguely aware that Sam would probably like one or two or an infinity of these bananas. But Dean wouldn’t, so Cas continues toward the toilet paper.
Attaboy, Dean. Use that cynicism for good.
be here for this.
.” Dean pauses, takes a breath. “My dad was just lost. That’s it. There was no grand plan, it was--- he just couldn’t stay still you know? I mean, there was nothing fidgety or nervous about the man, but I look back on it and he was so restless, I see it now. And that, that’s not a good answer. People want more, expect more, but it’s all I got because I was just a fuckin’ kid.”
As Castiel brings his wings up and out and away from his body, mimicking the pose of the condor sunning itself in front of him, they brush against Dean’s still outstretched hand. The feathers are warm to the touch, smooth and stiff as they move under Dean’s fingers. Once Cas has extended his wings to their full span, he holds them there for what might have been a few seconds or a few minutes, Dean’s too mesmerised to really know.
“That’s it?” Dean screws up his face. “Not very impressive, Chuck.”
“I don’t gamble
“So,” Dean says. Cas laughs his quiet laugh, the one Dean hasn’t heard in weeks, the one he’s missed so much but hasn’t let himself admit. “If we…” Dean continues. “Would it be real now? You know that’s why I, what I couldn’t handle.”
“Hmm, true.” (Andy grins at this) “Now, are you going to mope in here all night or go out there and act like a grown up?”
Dean groans at the implications of this. “Yeah sure, hold on just a sec, I’m gonna grab my jacket and say goodbye to Charlie.”
ing kidding me.” Dean stops suddenly, Sam and Cas accordianing into him like something out of the Three Stooges.
“You’re like a billion years old. How have you not seen everything?”
this was coming but he’d hoped he was wrong, that he could figure out a way to fix it, but of course he didn’t, of course he’d failed.
, we should probably start looking for a place if we’re going to move in together.”
This motherfucker. Well, he’d be damned if
“Yeah, well, he’s a hunter.” Dean supplies, the “no shit” unspoken but definitely there.
Sam picks up where Dean’s going with this, years of bluffing their way through witness interviews making for a seamless performance. “We wanted another pair of hands. Lots of weird stuff going on lately, you know.”
Dean’s chuckling now. “Buddy, I have
“Just about a year now. Gosh, actually I think it’s been almost exactly a year.” She straightens up, her tray piled high with glasses and a few half-filled ashtrays, and looks between Sam and a very forlorn Dean. “You all didn’t come out here to see it did you? Oh man…”
. Coming from anyone else -- coming from
are you telling me this?"
a book."
“No.”
“English, man.”
“You spoil me, baby,” he murmured as he sat up and Cas brought the tray in and carefully set it on his lap, before climbing back into bed and snuggling up with him.
“Yes, it is the pie he sings about.”
The ground here is so fucking hard, it’s like Sam and Dean have decided to chip away at concrete with spoons. Dean’s worried he might actually bend the shovel as he pounds it into the unforgiving clay.
Dean has slid over onto the bench seat, arms crossed over his chest, and he is so close to sleep when he feels Baby jostle slightly. Normally that sort of thing would have him bolt upright and ready to chop something’s head off, but this time he knows it’s fine because Cas is out there. Cracking an eye for the last time that night, Dean sees Cas lean back against the windshield, face pointed to the sky.
Dean hums at Sam, the sound asking if he really thought
“I left for college, spent
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says simply, holding Dean’s gaze while he folds his wings back behind him, feathers brushing against Dean’s hand and arm. Without saying another word, he turns and walks back to the car, wings losing their luster and solidity and fading out of sight. By the time he’s back at the Impala they’re completely gone.
“Hey!”
“Cas.”
“Cas, man, I moved in but I’m not trying to move you
Dean hesitates, bottle hovering for a moment before he takes a swallow. "What do you mean 'whoever?'"
“Dean,” Lisa said impatiently, and he looked up, belatedly realizing that she’d been talking to him.
"You're kinda heavy."
Cas makes his way through the sandwich and silently accepts the glass of water Dean hands over to him.
Comments and kudoas always appreciated! They're the gas in Baby's tank!
.” Sam and Dean stand there and gawp at nothing for a little longer before making their way over to the Impala where Cas waits for them. Normal, boring, trenchcoated, incredible, divine Cas.
Things are good until they’re not.
“Your eggs and sausage.” Cas was clearly pleased with himself. It wasn’t fried-ostrich-egg-pizza levels of genius, but it was enough to make up for the disastrous wink and it would definitely make Dean laugh.
“Hello Dean.”
“Well, continue ahead,” Cas says as the Impala passes a large sign advertising the “Barringer Meteor Crater National Landmark and Visitor Center, next right.”
Dean looks at Cas with open awe for the third time that day, his gaze lingering on the angel's face long enough for Dean to blush a little when he realizes what he's doing and looks away. His hand hovers over the Tektites as he surveys them as thoroughly as he can while still being quick about it, picking up a couple of them and turning them over in his palm. He looks back up at Cas, who's watching with warmth in his eyes, and then back down at his work.
Before Dean can turn away to take his secret and not-so-secret stash back to his bedroom, Cas says, a note of triumph in his voice, “I thought you’d like the cowboy.”
Dean hums from the front seat, already closer to asleep than awake. “Sorry Cas. Didn’t think… ‘S usually just th’ two of us. Don’t have a house for you.”
do wrong by this guy. Just, whatever else happens, however else the apocalypse plays out, Dean will do whatever he can to keep him safe. Which feels a little silly given that Castiel’s got literal magical powers and hundreds of millions of years of tactical experience and they’re going up against equally powerful supernatural beings and well, Dean’s just a regular guy, but he means it.
For a moment, Dean doesn't move. He thinks about all the things he could do, probably
--------------------------
“What, like tentacles?”
Dean."
“Would, um,” Castiel cleared his throat, “Would you like to order something?” Cas had felt a frisson of excitement when he saw Dean walk into the Waffle House earlier, and again when Dean had sat at the counter, but now that Cas had to actually take the guy’s order the excitement was fading. Cas would happily engage in elaborate egg-based pranks with Dean, but would rather not have to actually talk to him while doing it.
“Okay then.” So Dean happily rambles and Cas asks questions and at the end of the night neither of them know anything more about the other than they had when the evening started except that Castiel loves his cat and Dean loves his car. And even though as dinner went on and the Roadhouse got busier and louder and Cas had started to seem distracted, maybe tired, Dean is confident that the guy has had a good time.
“Okay
“Okay but, then how’s Cas
water. Sam nods his head and Dean puts a fist up, preparing to rock-paper-scissors it for who gets first shower, but instead of raising his own fist Sam just gets this smartass look on his face and says “You know, there are probably two.” This revelation -- really, that’s what it is, it’s like the heavens opened up and he heard angels sing -- has Dean way too excited to bother calling Sam out on his sass.
Sam pouts, no other word for it, but waves his hand in defeat.
And with a lurch he’s back outside next to Baby. You know what though? Baby’s home too, and Dean feels a little guilty for letting himself think about one that doesn’t move with him.
“Be my gu---” Dean’s shoulders slump as he sees Conrad shuffling over right at the wrong time.
-- The urban legend that there are bodies in the concrete of the Hoover Dam is actually untrue (over 110 people did die during its construction, however), but I figure Sam knows something the rest of us do not.
Dean learns what Cas does for a living, something obscure sounding at the US Geological Survey outpost outside of town, though he’s quick to point out that he’s not a geologist (“I don’t want to overstate my accomplishments.”) and Cas learns about Dean’s family. There’s a younger brother named Sam who makes an unlikely living writing about serial killers, and a surrogate father in Bobby, the owner of that gruff voice that had answered the phone when Cas had called the garage and started all of this in motion. A surrogate father implies the existence of a
“Is there anything you want to do, Cas?” Dean asks, standing and tossing some cash on the table.
“C’mon, I’m not Maverick.”
” Dean’s hit a rock or something and the twang travels up the shovel and into his arm.
“I dunno Dean, some of these dreams are pretty...” Sam grimaces, the most efficient way to get out of having to finish that sentence.
“Cas -- Castiel.”
“That you?” Dean asks, gesturing with the gas can he’s holding.
Dean wrinkles his eyebrows at these conflicting thoughts, clears his throat, finally looks away. “Uh yeah… man I could go for some coffee.”
-surrogate but Dean doesn’t say much about that, just that his mom and dad are “gone.” The qualifier “real” in front of “dad” is conspicuous in its absence, as if diminishing Bobby like that would be an undeserved insult. Or maybe that using it would give the other man undeserved praise.
“...The Star Trek Experience.” A small smile lights across Dean’s face, making him look young in a way he really hasn’t since he returned from Hell.
“Shaddup.”
“Yes, I know that now,” Cas said as he finally turned back around and placed a small dish in front of Dean. It had what looked to the casual observer like a peeled hard boiled egg on it.
“You’re beautiful.”
Dean scoffed. He leaned back and looked up at the ceiling, unable to face her while she spewed this bullshit.
It doesn’t look like much as they drive up to it, so it comes as a surprise when Dean realizes that they’re at the rim of a mile-wide 600-foot-deep crater smack in the middle of nowhere. It’s like someone scooped a huge spoonful out of the desert. Not someone,
Cas’ lips curve in a small smile as he pulls his phone out of a pocket and flicks the screen a couple of times before turning it towards Dean. “This is when I first got her,” Cas explains. A small, round, tortoiseshell tabby looks up at Dean from the phone.
“What’s wrong?”
What the fuck?
“Yes, Dean,” Cas replies, attention back in the room, back on Dean.
present?”
getting his power trip on. Or whoever."
For a minute or two, Dean considers Cas’ offer. He looks around the space trying to mentally recreate the Star Trek Experience, but it doesn’t really work and he suddenly wants to be anywhere but here. And anyway, he’s had more than enough time travel lately, thanks. “Thanks Cas, but nah. So, what do you guys want to do since we’re obviously not doing
that the world didn’t end.”
“You missed me, Cas?” Dean said, eyes brightening. When he smiled big like that, the corners of his eyes crinkled. He was beautiful.
But then, it all went to hell and it was all because of eggs.
“It is, yes.”
“They have excellent burgers.”
Castiel smiles, an honest to god toothy smile, all pink gums and wrinkled nose, a smile Dean is absolutely sure he’s never seen on that face before. Cas, who usually stays somewhere in the zero-to-two range, has cranked it all the way up to eleven and it’s radiant.
The room might be terrible, but by some blessing the shower is actually decent and there’s enough hot water for both brothers to take their time, Sam taking his turn now while Dean putters around and finishes dressing. He’s got his jeans and boots on already, pulls on something with long sleeves and then shrugs into something
“No, Sam, I haven’t. I like hunting. I like
“Maybe you’ve just known shitty people.”
Cas blinked but stared just a bit longer, mesmerized by the perfect teeth Egg Guy --
when I move in the TV’s gonna need---”
“My name is Castiel. I’m an---”
ask Cas to remove his own things.
hates flying.
“Cas, they built a visitor’s center for your hole.”
When Castiel’s truck had rolled to a stop on the side of the lonely two-lane road, he’d taken a minute to sit in the silence of the cab and try to conjure up the energy to deal with whatever it was that had him sitting there in the first place. He’d spent a long day at work and just wanted to get home where he could sit alone in his quiet, dimly lit living room, pet his cat, have a beer, and maybe watch something he’d seen a dozen times already. It might not have sounded like much but right then, with car trouble standing between him and it, it sounded like heaven. With a little toneless hum, Castiel opened his eyes and squinted down at the dashboard, quickly zeroing in on a gas gauge with a needle on the wrong side of E.
"You're going to have to let me up." Dean wiggles what little that he can and Cas finally looks up and climbs off of Dean who scoots over and gestures for Cas to lay down where Dean had been. Once Cas is there, Dean lays himself back down on top of the other man, reversing their positions. It's honestly kind of weird to lay his whole bodyweight onto another person, but the way Cas closes his eyes and groans tells Dean this was a good idea.
Sorry everyone, but thank you as always for reading.
“No actually uh, I got in there and kind of forgot that I don’t have a credit card.”
with long sleeves, and straps a knife to his ankle. It’s while he’s checking the magazine on his gun that he realizes he’s been arming for a hunt, not for the vacation that he’s supposed to be on. He makes himself put the gun back down on the bed instead of where he wants to tuck it in his waistband and takes a moment to look himself over. Gun or no gun, vacation or not, he knows it’s got to be a fucking furnace outside and even Dean Winchester’s patented ability to grit his teeth and bear just about anything might not be enough in the face of 110 degree weather. Alright so, that’s the flannel gone but it still leaves him with a long-sleeved henley. He reluctantly pulls it off and digs around in his duffle for a decent short-sleeved shirt he’s pretty sure doesn’t exist. All he comes up with is a worn and faded Spinal Tap shirt that’s theoretically for sleeping but hasn’t been worn in a while since Dean seems to crash in his clothes most nights now.
“I could…” Cas gestures at the hole that, even after 30 minutes of work, is just a shallow depression.
Dean looked… confused. “This, this looks great man. I mean,” Dean was practically drooling at the smell wafting up from the plate, “But I’m not sure you’re gettin’ it.”
“Wow uh, anything you
“It was always you, Dean.”
“No not really, more like he has…” Sam sighs. “There’s a plot point. That he uh, that he’s really focused on.”
Cas hums. “You love it.”
A few minutes later, “Chris McVie” has booked a room at the farthest end of the motel. They’re not going to need seclusion tonight for bringing shotguns and machetes out to the car or their battered and bloody selves back in from it, but it’s habit and Dean doesn’t think twice.
“He went outside to,” Sam pauses to make sure he gets the quote exactly right, “‘watch the moths.’”
“Heyyyy Cas,” Dean rocks back on his heels and swings his arms where they hang at his sides, asking “what the hell are you wearing” in every possible way but verbally.
“Dude?” The cashier, who’s been watching this weird and definitely stoned guy wander around the store for the past twenty minutes, is really not in the mood for this right now.
a hunter.”
Dean yanks the sleeve down one last time, resolutely not looking over at Cas. “Jesus Sam, how long does it take you to brush your princess hair?” he shouts at the closed bathroom door.
“She’s cute. Looks soft.” Dean thinks that’ll be the end of it -- there isn’t a whole lot more to be seen of Cas’ cat than what that one picture has already shown -- but Cas swipes to the next picture, and the next, and the next. The fondness in his voice is clear as he explains Meatball’s likes and dislikes and whatever adventures a cat that has never left a one-bedroom house can get up to. It’s ...odd, but, Dean decides, it’s also nice. And the pictures give Dean a glimpse into Cas’ life that the man himself isn’t apparently going to give. He can see bits of Cas’ home in the background, messy in a way that’s lived-in but not uncared for; knick-knacks on bookshelves; complicated
“Listening?”
“Ha yeah, real funny there buddy.”
"It's very comfortable, you know how it is."
“The aquarium please.”
. This is not a date.
He didn’t show on the second Tuesday either, or the third.
Dean stays up all night, reads the whole thing straight through. It’s got to be close to five in the morning when he finishes, sitting alone on the couch, the heavy breathing of deep sleep coming in from the other room. The book was good -- great, even. Sam’s good at what he does, Dean knew he would be, and feels the pride that’s always there swell a little in his chest. But there’s a sadness there, and worry too, curled up alongside it. It doesn’t have an uplifting subject matter, Sam’s book, but that’s not really what’s gotten to Dean. It’s the understanding -- really, for the first time -- of how easily they could have faded away, in any number of ways, and not been missed.
a haunting how would you even salt those guys?"
Sam and Cas start some boring conversation about something that happened 800 years ago in another country and pretty soon Dean’s not paying attention. He’s drifted off, retreated into his thoughts, the front of his mind focused on his food, the back of it on the dread that’s been eating at him since Sam started having visions.
“Is that honey in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?” Dean says to no one in particular, laughing at his own bad joke and clearly working hard on coming up with another one. There’s something disarming about this guy that brings out a playfulness in Dean that he’s missed about himself.
“I won’t, I promise,” Cas agreed, a light blush traveling up his cheekbones. Dean made it seem like maybe they’d be seeing each other a lot, like maybe he wanted to spend time with him.
they do! How does... is it lame to go out on a Wednesday?”
Dean nods to the guy that it’s no problem -- he really doesn’t need to eat
“Who’s Gabriel?” Sam asks at the same time Dean asks “Where is it?”
. And Gabriel never missed an opportunity to laugh at me about it. You’d think after 50,000 years he could have thought of another joke.”
Cas either ignores Sam or doesn’t hear him. Instead he pauses to tune into his angel GPS, or whatever it is he uses to land with pinpoint accuracy three inches behind Dean, then announces “23 and a half miles from here.”
Blinking hard to force himself back into the mood to have fun -- it’s not hard; he’s been excited about this since he passed that billboard on 395 on the way back from a haunting in Bodie a couple years back -- Dean turns to Cas. “So, you ready to experience some Star Trek?”
?) is slimy without being sleazy, smooth English accent and v-neck down to here working with all they’ve got to try and charm Dean into being a third for him and whoever he’s got at home.
True to her word, the waitress is at their booth ready to take their order before any of them have had a chance to think about what they want. Except for Dean, of course. Unfortunately, Jeanne decides to start with Sam. He frowns down at the menu in front of him, probably trying to find something healthy in a place that just flat out does not do that kind of thing. He finally relents and goes for a burger and fries. Sam’s not fooling anyone, Dean knows he loves a good burger just as much as he does.
. There’s a dark-haired man wearing only a cowboy hat on the cover and Cas is sure Dean would enjoy reading it, but he’s not sure Dean knows that Cas knows that Dean would enjoy it. It’s not that Cas has been deliberately prying into Dean’s sexual fantasies, but there
Cas stands there silently examining the wide array of contraceptives hanging on the wall, then moves on to the cigarettes, and is squinting intently at a package of “Boner Blasterz” when the clerk returns carrying a white box stamped with the name of a local bakery. “These,” Castiel gestures to the pills, “do not actually increase blood flow to the penis, and human flesh is certainly not malleable enough to withstand being stretched as much as would be necessary to fulfill these claims.” Cas’ face is scrunched up in thought as he gives serious consideration to the tensile strength of various human organs and structures. Unfortunately, Cas’ “thinking face” looks to anyone who doesn’t know him like an “I’m contemplating your imminent demise” face, so now the cashier is looking at Castiel with open alarm.
“Nebraska. Babysitter got mauled by something.”
Sam swallows a bark of laughter and Bobby sighs audibly and pours a little more whiskey into his coffee.
Cas actually manages to emote a little; exhausted or not, frustration is easy. “Dean, I called you offering to pay you for fixing my truck. You suggested an alternative, even asked if it was ‘too much.’” (Dean’s mouth quirks a little at the air quotes) “What exactly about you performing a service and me paying you for said service sounds like a date?”
“He gave it to me on Friday. So since Friday at least.”
Dean looks torn. He really,
“Why?”
Behind the toilet paper is a refrigerated case full of milk and water and other water that’s colorful and other painfully colorful liquids that aren’t water, liquids that Cas is sure -- based on the function of warning colors in nature -- must be highly toxic. It seems unsafe to store those next to things intended for human consumption. Oh and there’s also beer. Castiel thinks back to the time he drank an entire liquor store, filters the contents of the case in front of him against the 87 different beers he tried, sorts by cost, flavor, overall value, the weather, accidentally throws a bunch of ERROR!s on the spreadsheet he’s mentally chugging through, cleans them up, and grabs a six-pack. The several-billion-year-old angel who’s just performed instantaneous complex qualitative analysis in his head forgets to close the refrigerator door before he walks away.
“Are these really the only options though? The fuckin’ apocalypse or living like the world’s worst doomsday prepper?”
Dean spends more and more of his off hours at the little grey house, eating dinner with Cas before game nights at Charlie’s, changing the oil in Cas’ truck, surprising himself by becoming best friends with Meatball, making plans to learn at least a little about the bees come spring.
“What.” Dean asks defiantly.
, this book’d cost an arm and a leg to ship since it comes in its very own lead-lined curse box, and anyway it’s not something you want to see get lost in transit. What I was about to say if you’d let me finish,” Bobby shoots a look at Dean, who is now giving the older man as much of his attention as he can without having to lift his head up from where it’s resting on the back of the chair, “is that you drive down there and deliver it. Take a couple days there and back, stop along the way, enjoy yourselves. Take a break.”
thing Chuck -- or whoever it is if it’s not Chuck -- has done lately. How far out are you from the bunker?”
“I’m looking at things.”
look back when Cas places a gentle hand on his arm. “I didn’t wander far; you were always safe,” Cas reassures, somehow serious and earnest and off-hand all at once in that way that only he can be.
“I have some honey to give you.”
want to listen to?” Sam asks while grabbing the battered box and flipping it open.
it.” Sam bitchfaces in response to the look Dean’s giving him. “It’s actually pretty cool. Get this: they say the concrete in the core of the dam still hasn't hardened after all this time.”
, just in general.”
about to examine -- Dean doesn’t like to wear short sleeves anymore because that handprint Cas left on his shoulder peeks out a little. Dean doesn’t care about the scar itself -- hunting’s not exactly a great career choice for anyone who’s bothered by scars -- it’s just that catching glimpses of it in reflections or noticing when someone’s gaze has drifted to it make the conflicting oceans of guilt and gratitude and shame and relief swirl up inside him. And on top of it all there’s a caring that twists his gut (he’s pretty sure now that it’s more than caring, maybe a lot more).
It’s late now, and Cas is sitting on Dean’s bed, comfies on and phone in hand, browsing through the site Sam had pulled up earlier. He looks up when Dean enters, towel around his waist, hair wet from the shower, and a surge of warmth blooms in his chest. Cas had thought he might never have this again, had tried so hard to make himself stop missing it; the mirror shine in Dean’s eyes tells Cas he’d tried that too.
Dean blinked rapidly, trying to hold back his tears. He was not going to fucking cry like a pansy little girl in a Waffle House. He refused to let his life be that.
Instead Dean watched as his hand reached down and picked up the plate with that fucking omelet on it and then somehow he was hurling the stupid omelet towards the back wall, where it didn’t even make a decent splat before falling limply to the floor.
Normally, Dean would have to fend off a gentle barrage of questions and concern, of puppy dog eyes and forehead creases that beg Dean to open up and give Sam more. This morning though, Sam is quiet, limiting the few questions he does ask to the bare minimum needed to keep the story straight. Dean figures it’s because Sam doesn’t want to linger on Dean’s experiences any more than
Fine. Dean throws an internal tantrum that, okay, might be wordless but isn’t exactly
“Huh.” Dean chews on that scenario for a minute before finally shaking his head. “No, doesn’t really work flipped around like that.”
Cas squints up at Sam, everything about his expression radiating pity at the man’s bewildering stupidity. “I’ve always had wings, Sam. I am an angel.”
Dean shrugs and shakes his head at Sam, giving him the universal gesture of
“Dean gave you a business card,” the voice says, drawing the sentence out.
wanted it? We were puppets, man. How do you not see that?”
A yellowed curtain moves slightly and a sliver of wrinkled face appears in the window, one visible watery eye squinting at the brightness outside. Then it’s gone and someone’s fiddling with the latch on the camper’s door. When it finally opens, the person -- this would be Conrad -- only opens the door wide enough for half his body to show while he gives a hard look at each of the three men. Dean is almost certain there’s a sawed-off trained on them from the other side of that door, and sneaking a glance over at Sam he can tell from his body language that Sam’s thinking it too. After a long few seconds considering the men standing outside his trailer, Conrad finally leans back behind the door -- presumably to put down the shotgun -- and steps outside.
Dean pushes himself up off Cas’ lap. It’s awkward and the position hurts Dean’s bad shoulder, but it doesn’t matter because suddenly Dean’s got his lips on Cas’ and even though Dean hasn't kissed anyone this chastely since the 10th grade it's actually kind of perfect.
The shadow that had been wrapped over Castiel’s back starts to move and Dean takes an involuntary step back from where he’d been standing shoulder-to-shoulder with him, staring at this weird dimness that’s somehow starting to seem tangible. It’s like the absence of light is itself a material thing. Dean flashes back to that night in the barn when he saw the shadow of Castiel’s wings; it had been hard to say how big they actually were because shadows are tricky like that and also Dean was busy kinda freaking out inside, but Dean thinks maybe he’s about to find out.
Dean knows he has the kind of features and physicality that can go from friendly and open to closed-off and downright menacing with just the tilt of his head or the set of his shoulders. He thinks he’s settled into a pretty good place of “nothing personal but not interested” but that doesn’t stop a few people from trying their luck anyway. He’s flattered and he’s nice about his brush-offs, but he’s just not in the mood. His younger self would be disappointed to know that he’ll have apparently forgotten how to have a good time by the time he hits his early 30s, but it’s just that right now, still figuring things out after Bela, his idea of a good time isn’t
“Sorry Lis,” he said awkwardly as Mildred left. Damn, she couldn’t take him anywhere, could she? He even managed to make a fool of her in a Waffle House.
“Yeah kinda sick of plans these days,” Dean mutters under his breath.
“So if you’re Han that makes me what, Leia?” Charlie is clearly skeptical.
when Cas had revealed his wings. Sam is wide-eyed and smiling that huge, nervous, excited smile that makes him look 12 again. “They uh, the angels are... really angels huh?”
“I want to see the hole in the ground Cas made!” Dean quickly corrects, a little too loud and a little too shrill.
Dean had only been out of the ground a day or two when the enormity of the situation hit him. It was crazy enough to get raised from the dead, but throwing in the apocalypse -- the actual, biblical, motherfucking
“Oh the buffets...” From the corner of his eye Dean can see just how uncomfortable his food moans -- they're sex noises, let’s be honest -- are making Sam. Dean cranks them up even further.
“Okay well, that was five years ago and
Dean pauses, eyebrows pulled down, chin jutted, his entire demeanor radiating just how sick he is of thinking about how and why Chuck wants to micromanage every waking moment of his life. When he figures it out, though, his “Wait, you’re having
Dean laughs. “Alright, so that’s a no. You really want me to ramble on about my car to you?”
What show could Dean and Charlie *possibly* have been watching hmmmmm gee I wonder... :/
“It was never the long drives or giant balls of twine that were the problem.”
-------------
Dean groans and sways a little while Sam thanks Cas for the ride, then walks over to the kitchen sink and turns the tap to test that not only is there water, there’s
Cas full on beamed at him, and goddamn he was pretty. Dean knew that men were supposed to be handsome, and Castiel was, what with the jawline and the stubble and the voice made of gravel but sometimes, sometimes he was just really fucking pretty.
. Lots and lots of things.
?!” is a lot more confused than Sam was expecting, and a lot
Castiel spends Tuesday trying to figure out exactly what time “around” seven o’clock means, resists the urge to text Dean and ask for a more precise time, and ends up deciding to be at the Roadhouse by 6:40. He knows this isn’t a date but just a way to repay Dean for his help (he keeps reminding himself of this fact), but he still wants to make a good impression on the man.
“Yes, Dean?”
) just to grab it, but alas. No ostrich eggs either or emu eggs or quail eggs or -- hmm, platypus and echidnas lay eggs despite being mammals. Cas wondered if the eggs were edible; he’d have to google that later.
“I own a car if that’s what you mean. Well a truck, as you know.”
“Soooo, spill.”
Castiel was beaming when he turned around to serve Dean his second perfect runny egg.
A plate dropped in front of him, the saddest, most pathetic omelet he’d ever seen just sitting limp on the plate. He looked up from it into Castiel’s eyes, who was grinning at him like he’d just brought him the Taj Mahal of eggs instead of some hippie organic shit that Sam would eat.
Castiel knows Dean means in a general life sense, that he’s asking “where do we go from here?” about Cas’ job and prospects and state of being, but even so he can’t dismiss the first thing that popped into his head when he heard Dean’s question. “I want to go see the world’s largest fork. It’s in Missouri.”
“Hey man, I think it’s the TV.”
“You asked me not to change, when I found you.”
“Yes?”
“For the celebration.”
-- deserves. “So uh, am I gonna be turning into an angel or a mechanic or an… angel mechanic? How’s this gonna work with us? Don’t get me wrong, I am thankful to live in a world that wants to kill me just a little bit less, but I have had it up to here with being a character that someone else writes.”
They putter around the garage a bit more, Dean cleaning up the stuff from before and running a cloth along Baby’s sleek lines to pick up dust that isn’t there. Sam stays with him, scrolling through his phone but not really paying attention to it, lost in thought trying to figure out what the hell these dreams are supposed to mean and who might be responsible for them if not Chuck.
They get in the car and Dean gives Cas the deluxe tour, smoothing a hand along the leather seat and pointing out the tape deck with pride, like anything more modern would be an insult to his Baby’s classic status. Castiel keeps to himself the urge to explain that vehicles did not come with tape decks in 1967 and watches with interest as Dean turns wistful and says snippets of things he doesn’t elaborate on, like that he grew up in this car and still thinks of it as home. Then, with a sharp inhale and a shake of the head, Dean grabs a tape, pops it in, and off they go. He’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t notice him glance over to gauge his reaction to the Zepp that’s pumping through the speakers, and when Cas doesn’t say anything or roll his eyes Dean is pleased.
They’ve got another couple of hours on the road, but Dean’s already forgotten that he was ever tired.
"Really?"
Cas smiles at Dean again, serenely this time, and just says “Other than exactly what I’m doing right now, no.”
He picks up a single can of chili. He’s not sure why.
“I’m trying to! You ain’t making it very easy,” Dean said, laughing and rolling his eyes good naturedly.
“You’re kidding me. Why would you---” Dean throws his head back, realization hitting him. “You burned all the IDs too didn’t you.”
at when apart, creating internal apocalypses out of the smallest things, doesn’t take hold as easily when they’re together.
The tie issue settled, a part of Dean’s brain thinks he should be concerned that he’s laying in bed snuggling with his best friend. But it’s only a small part, and the rest of his brain tells it to chill out for a sec, like maybe there are other, bigger things to freak out about, and in the scheme of things this one is pretty minor. The world
When the food arrives, Sam and Dean dig in and Cas just holds his cup of coffee like it’s fragile and he’s worried he might break it.
(The thought of simply going somewhere else to get pie does not occur to Castiel.)
Dean did that chuckle/cringe thing again, but this time Cas could tell it was clearly a chuckle. He suddenly felt warm, and not just because he was standing in front of an industrial flat top griddle that was hot enough to sublimate butter. Coming back from the coffee makers with two thick-walled mugs filled to the brim that threatened to slosh their contents with every step, Cas glanced up and felt a jolt of eye contact with Dean. Quickly darting his eyes back down to the coffee, to his shoes, to Dean’s folded hands, to anywhere not eyes, Cas set the mugs down and twisted them so the handles were facing his customers.
Obviously it’s not great that Bela ripped off Singer Salvage, but it’s turned out not to be all bad either. For one, Dean never saw Bela again; they’d been together for almost a year, but even so she just took the money and split. Yeah that had sucked at first, but it didn’t take long for Charlie and even Bobby, in his own way, to step in and help the friend they’d watched get wound tighter and tighter and grow ever more guarded under Bela’s critical eye. Charlie’s been doing her Charlie thing, and Bobby’s taken to calling Dean into his office to help him drink down a bottle of whiskey that’s somehow always half full. Or empty. Nah, deep down Bobby’s an optimist, it’s half full. Anyway, Dean had apologized that first time and then been told there was nothing to apologize for, and has done it again each time after that. Maybe someday Dean will believe what Bobby’s trying to tell him, but probably not.
“This place closed down 17 days before I got out of the pit. Just my luck, man. Missed it by two goddamn weeks.”
“Well, short of summoning Chuck and asking him directly---”
“Dude, I want to see your hole!”
?” Lisa asked, which didn’t make any sense. Dean was trying so hard to give her what she wanted but it still wasn’t making her happy and he didn’t know what else he was supposed to be doing.
Dean jabs the shovel into the hard dirt and starts digging.
“Well, that wasn’t me, and my dumbass of a brother isn’t the only one who writes the guest list.”
“Dean likes them,” Castiel says simply, a little hint of, is that pride? showing on his face.
“What?” Dean asks, surprise making him forget he’s supposed to be giving the angel the silent treatment.
“I don’t understand.”
“Did you know he was going to be here?”
“No,” Cas agrees with a smile, “But there are plenty of stars.”
Conrad is a guy who hasn’t tried to pass as a civilian in years, who has the kind of sour gruffness that Bobby pretends to have but really doesn’t. Bobby may be a crusty old hunter, but he has the benefit of being one who’s built a surrogate family around himself. Conrad went the other direction and withdrew, and it shows.
“I thought we were on vacation,” Sam says flatly.
“Come on man, I’m gonna eat most of them for you anyway.”
“It’s perfect, Cas.”
Dean spots the big neon arrow pouring down the side of the even bigger neon milkshake from a few streets over; when he pulls up to the low, cotton candy pink building and finds a parking space right out front where Baby can shine, he knows it’s meant to be. Mearle's Drive In is the kind of place that you're not sure has changed the fry oil since the Eisenhower administration. The kind of place that maybe one time was all poodle skirts and letterman jackets, but is now just a health code nightmare with the best goddamn burger in a 50-mile radius.
when Lucifer stuck himself back in from inside his cracked, broken cage. Dean does not need to deal with season number four of this show.
“Look, Dean, this is supposed to be for the both of us,” she said, her voice sliding into that patient tone that always made Dean feel like such a fuck up of a boyfriend.
Dean leaves that night with a floaty lightness in the center of his chest, put there by the small kiss Cas had placed on Dean’s jaw right as he was heading out the door, and a plastic container filled with a square piece of honeycomb. He’s not sure what to do with either.
“Yes Dean, we are.”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean said, grabbing one last piece of bacon for the road and getting out of the booth.
Castiel sighs from his place in the back seat. “I… dropped something.
"Gotta pick the best one," he explains while plucking one of the tektites up and letting the others roll back into the basket, then winks at Cas and walks over to the register.
because it was put in front of me. You know Dad, he was never one to explain the plan. Just told us our part in it and expected us to go along.”
“Yes. This man has invited all these hungry people to eat the food he’s preparing for them.” Cas gestures at footage of a housewife who is way too excited about a bowl of perfectly chopped vegetables. “It’s very generous of him.”
“Uh.”
horrified.
“I raise bees.” Cas answers the question Dean hasn’t asked. “I have a colony of several thousand honey bees in my backyard, which I tend to.” Cas pauses and then continues, like the importance of what he’s about to say is self-explanatory. “I’ve recently gotten a new queen.”
“It’s not
“Dean, I need to talk to you.”
Victor hadn’t been working the day Bela had shown up at the garage and made what can graciously be called a scene, but Dean knows he’s heard the stories. The “scene” had been an actual, literal crime -- probably a felony given how much she’d stolen -- and while it’s certainly embarrassing to be known as “the guy who was dating a con artist,” the reality is much less interesting and that only makes it worse. Bela Talbot wasn’t a mastermind, she was just someone who saw opportunities everywhere and had no qualms about taking them. Whether that meant swiping some easy cash laying unguarded on Bobby’s desk or getting involved with a man uniquely suited to letting himself get ground down under her particular brand of superior bullshit, it made no difference to her.
“Did you say something?”
“Hello Charlie, Ron. Oh, I didn’t realize we were starting the new campaign tonight. I’m sorry, I’m not done with my backstory yet.”
After a couple of seconds passed in silence it’s pretty clear Conrad’s not going to elaborate on that. “Uh okay, we’ll just go get it then.” Dean jerks his head toward the Impala and Sam and Cas follow. Once they’re back at the car and out of earshot, Cas speaks.
Finished with his bag, Sam takes one last look around the room to make sure they’ve got everything. Dean doesn’t miss how his eyes linger on Cas’ wings, which are still visible. “So you just, like, have wings now?”
Sam looks at Dean like this is, quite possibly, the stupidest thing Dean has ever said. He might be right. Cas seems to agree, but his voice is softened by recollection instead of edged with judgement when he pipes up. “Dean, the Grand Canyon is extremely memorable. And it is not,” and Dean can hear the air quotes even if he doesn’t see them, “a ‘
Dean reaches over and slides Cas’ beer over to his side of the table where it can add to the warmth that’s already building in his chest. They sit for a while longer, Dean finishing up the basket of fries and downing the second beer. Honestly, Dean would be okay with sitting here for the rest of the day, ordering more food and drinks whenever he feels like it, but the server’s been giving them the stink eye since the moment the last fry disappeared so he figures it’s time to go.
“No!”
“Look, Cas, I didn’t come here just to eat,” Dean said, leaning forward and running a hand through his hair. “I really gotta apologize about last time, man. That shit was not cool. I lost it and I took a lot of my shit out on you, and” at this point Dean’s lips twitched into a small smile “the
ending, after all. Wasn’t the point of this trip to squeeze one nice thing into their lives before everything goes to hell on earth?
Thanks as always for reading, kudos and comments are appreciated.
Cas felt his face flush and realized he was fidgeting with the spatula in his hand. He stilled himself when Dean started to speak.
This is how Dean finds himself on an airplane the next day, white-knuckling it all the way to California.
“Awesome. A slice of cherry pie then.”
“My eggs aren’t right,” he mumbled, poking at them with a fork.
. But it wasn’t ever about the eggs, and I’m sorry. It was unacceptable for me to yell at you and throw things at you. Even if egg white omelets are, frankly, a crime against nature.”
, and suddenly Dean is done lazing around and just wants to be up and moving and doing something. “Hey Cas, so I gotta get up now.” When Cas doesn’t move, Dean prods at him with a foot until he gets the hint and stands.
“So, you boys lookin’ for a case?” Bobby looks at the three men. None of them answer and all of them look like they could use a whole lot of sleep, even the one who doesn’t sleep. “Or maybe you want to stay around here for a couple days? Recuperate, help me look for demon signs.” Nothing. “Well don’t all answer at once.”
Lisa reached out and grabbed his face, forcing him to meet her beautiful brown eyes.
"Do you think? I mean she did give us Mom and she’s definitely got the juice."
“No no, it’s not that it’s…” Dean pulls the book out of the package and holds it up, ‘AUTHOR’S PROOF’ stamped across the cover. “Sam wants me to read it first, give my okay.”
“Oh um, there were many varieties and I wasn’t sure which was the correct one.”
It’s not long before the kiss gets messed up because Dean can’t stop grinning like an idiot, and since Cas doesn’t know what the fuck he’s doing he just keeps kissing Dean’s teeth and the whole thing continues to get more and more absurd. Before he can school his features and get back to the very serious business of making out with an angel of the lord, Dean hears the doorknob jiggle in the “Hey, I’m comin’ in” pattern he and Sam worked out as horny teenagers living with zero privacy.
Hi, I glossed over the part where they date because I have NO ACTUAL IDEA how dating works. Ah the magic of montage...
that you’re the older one” looks are also helping, thank you very much.
Sam sidesteps a group of little old ladies that’s gathered around another little old lady who’s pumping dollar bills into a video poker machine at an alarming rate. “I should probably do something about my IDs. There’s a copy shop a couple miles away that I saw while we were driving in.”
Dropping his duffel at the door and approaching Castiel, Dean becomes increasingly aware of the fact that he ...smells. It’s a gradual thing, not sharp, not pungent, not something that makes his eyes water. In fact at first it’s actually kind of okay because it’s the same smell he rolls over into and gratefully inhales after Cas has gotten up in the morning. It’s the scent of skin and oil, of Castiel. It’s just much too much of it, built up until it’s heavy and dense. It’s when Dean gets within a few feet of Cas that yeah, he can tell this is a man who hasn’t bathed in a week.
“So call the post office,” Dean drawls, not bothering to open his eyes.
“You were out of food and I wanted to help. Also uh,” Cas’ voice gets quieter as he rushes through these last three words, “Dean needs pie.”
“Where is it?” Castiel asks the cashier.
“Oh yeah?”
weird.”
Cas wandered over, bright blue eyes intense in that way that sent a shiver down Dean’s spine.
“Yeah. No! Wait hold on.” Dean drops his boots to the floor and slips his feet inside, not bothering to tie them. “‘Kay.”
’s a girly word and don’t tell Sam I went around calling you beautiful --
Dean walks up the long concrete path -- a bit cracked, a bit uneven -- and knocks on the bungalow’s yellow door. It takes a bit for Cas to answer, and by the time he does Dean’s got his head craned all the way around to watch a guy across the street struggle to put up some early Halloween decorations.
“No way, I don’t want that fuckin’ thing anywhere near me.” Conrad points toward a spot in the junkyard where one of the rusty appliances has been rolled onto its side. Well, a lot of them have been rolled on their sides, but this one looks to have been done recently. “That’s where it sleeps.”
“Oh,” Cas starts to speak, clears his throat. He looks uncomfortable just being in the bunker and, honestly, just being near Dean. For the twentieth time since their big blowout Sam wonders what exactly went down between the two of them. “Yes, Metatron is dead, and even if he were not he would be human and likely spending his mortality on something only moderately dangerous, like eating waffles.”
Castiel couldn’t tell you how many eggs he’d cooked in the week that had passed since the egg guy had come in. It had to be thousands, all different ways, but the best two orders of the week had been the hard scrambled and egg salad he’d made for the green-eyed guy with lips so perfect he’d noticed them from clear across the room. Cas took pride in his job even though he was “just” a short order cook at “just” the Waffle House, but it wasn’t really what Cas wanted to do with the rest of his life, so any chance to liven up his day was appreciated.
“What…?”
Instead of answering, Dean sits on the unmade bed, busies himself with moving the blankets around to make some space. Cas sits next to him and for a moment they just stare at each other some more until it becomes clear to Dean that Cas doesn’t really know what to do with himself.
“Yeah. Not lookin’ forward to it. Bobby says Victor was out sick for a couple days this week and there's a big backlog of work.”
“What? No I don’t!” Dean feels himself get a little warm, and it’s definitely not because of the coffee. The nasty, cold-as-shit coffee.
This should terrify Dean
And this is how Dean learns that his stupid gangly moose of a brother has broken one of his stupid gangly moose legs so badly that he’s in the hospital in fucking
“Ah, there it is, shoulda known. Come on Cas, let’s go.” Dean claps his hand on the angel’s shoulder. “You can tell me all about the fish.”
“Man, I don’t know,” the cashier gestures over at the empty pie case. “I mean, I guess not.”
"He sounds interesting," Cas offers.
“Really?”
Before Cas could reply, Mildred sidled up to the counter, snapping her gum and tapping a pencil on the order pad in her hand. “You boys doin’ okay?”
Dean faces front and hmm. Castiel is inexplicably dressed in a suit and tie, everything a little baggy and wrinkled, the tie loosely knotted and, oh wow it’s even backwards. Dean clears his throat in lieu of saying anything, starts to bring his hands up in a quickly suppressed desire to tighten the tie and fix the skewed collar of Cas’ dress shirt. Cas just looks back and forth, down at himself and then at Dean who’s wearing the Winchester standard of jeans and flannel.
So, yeah, maybe Dean took them to Waffle House a little more often than a good boyfriend would have. But Lisa would just smile tightly and order coffee and read while Dean inhaled pancakes and eggs and sausage and bacon and it was okay, Dean thought.
“Wow dude, no!  I really just wanted some runny eggs.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean, I’m not sure visiting a city of sin is a good idea,” Cas cautions from the backseat. “You recall the den of iniquity. An entire city celebrating all of sin will be infinitely worse.”
“You’re a good person, Dean.” These words are solemn and sincere, but Cas’ tone shifts to something lighter when he speaks again. “You should know that one reason I didn’t think it was rude of you not to wear a suit is because, um, you look very nice in what you wear.” Dean snorts at both the compliment and the tinge of pink crawling up Castiel’s cheeks. “And, Novak.”
“I’m sorry, you seem to have the wrong impression. I am not trying to proposition you with honey. Also if I were, I would give you a piece of whole comb. I--- ” Cas interrupts himself. “How exactly is the honey supposed to be in my pocket? That would be very messy."
While Cas showers, Dean makes him that sandwich, makes himself a sandwich too. The kitchen is cluttered and Dean’s first instinct is to do Cas a favor and clean it, but he knows from his own experiences dealing with his own crap over the years that the line between helping a person and accidentally shaming them is pretty thin, so he sticks to the basics. He sweeps the breadcrumbs on the counter into a hand and tosses them into the sink and wipes a wet rag over a couple places where drips of grape jelly have dried, but that’s it. In a few days, he or Cas will do a better job of it. The trash needs to be taken out too, and Dean makes a mental note to take it with him when he leaves for work in the morning.
“You gamble all the time, Dean.”
. Maybe it’s because he gets ten whole minutes under the hot water instead of the five it would be if he had to split time with Sam (best to be in and out as quickly as possible when you’re trespassing), or because the water pressure is doing some amazing things to his sore shoulders. Or maybe the bar is just
“No, not really.”
Dean and Cas text back and forth over the next couple of days trying to figure out what to do on their first-slash-second date. They each keep suggesting things that are perfectly acceptable but just don’t seem right for any number of reasons. Dean’s still fighting his way out of the headspace that says dates must be fancy, formal, and expensive; sometimes, like with the Roadhouse, he has no problem remembering what
Cas does hesitate though when he sees the issue of
. May I read it?” Castiel asks quietly, respectful of Dean’s answer but hopeful nonetheless.
“I mean, we could do it again,” Dean suggests.
It occurs to Dean that he could just ask.
"I’ve been wondering, what if it's not Chuck?"
“For helping me know you better. We had very different upbringings, but I can relate to the sense of otherness you must have felt.” Cas smiles, one of those small quiet smiles that are Dean’s favorites. There’s no pity in it, or judgement for having enjoyed that life in his way, or indignation that he'd had to live it in the first place. There’s just acceptance, the rarest of things in Dean’s life.
consistent, is that the world is no longer about to end. That there isn’t a steady stream of big bads we have to fight. That we can breathe and relax and, and do what we want. So if Cas
“Castiel.”
, and it jogs something loose in Sam as his own relief washes through him.
idea where to start. “I could check in the back. Like, I don’t know if we have any but we might? What kind did you want?”
hesitates. The glow of the Strip is a bright fluorescent dome over the northeastern sky, but here on the outskirts the streetlamps have the golden glow of someplace older, more familiar. It doesn’t even occur to Dean to drive into the heart of Vegas and stay somewhere nicer; even when the whole point is to relax and treat himself, it feels wrong to stay somewhere with soft sheets and too many other guests. So instead, they spend another night hovering on the edges of civilization where they’ll go unnoticed.
Dean just stares, face unreadable, before turning to Charlie. “Can I talk to you for a minute?”
There’s another muffled sound and then a surprised “Hey Cas” ringing loud and clear through the phone.
---------------------------
bring him some gas. Either way, it was a plan and plans were good and Castiel could work with that. The problem was, when he pulled his phone out of his pocket and pushed the button to wake it up, nothing happened. He tried it again. Nothing happened. He held the button down this time for the five seconds he knew would restart the phone. Nothing happened. He held the button down for twenty whole seconds even though nothing he’d ever read about his phone had indicated that anything miraculous would happen if only you pressed the button for a desperately long time. Nothing happened.
Sam’s tall enough -- or the neglected overhang is sagging low enough -- that he has to duck his head a bit as he leads the three of them toward the front door. Inside, the cramped interior is just as rundown as the outside would have you expect. It’s not that Mearle’s is a dump, but there’s only so much you can do to keep linoleum from 1961 from, well, looking like linoleum from 1961. It’s like this place had enough spark left to keep exactly one thing beautiful, and it’s poured all of that effort into the chrome U-shaped counter that dominates the space. Inside the U is where the magic happens: a big flat top griddle wafting curlicues of smoke sits between an ancient milkshake machine and a bank of fryers. Outside the U, the wall of the diner follows its curve, making every booth a window seat.
“You were thinking of me.” Cas explains.
“Well,
brushing his teeth, so he hunches over a little more and mechanically makes himself move all the body parts necessary to get the toothbrush wet and covered in toothpaste. For a moment he falters and stares blankly at the toothbrush before making himself put it in his mouth; he’s stared too long before and had the toothpaste fall off into the sink and reset the whole process and just no, he can’t handle that today. As usual, brushing his teeth goes fine once he manages to start doing it.
Dressed in clean sweats and with a head of hair that’s now dark because it’s wet instead of oily, Cas walks stiffly over to the couch and sits down in the same place he’d been before. There’s a different blanket there now and Cas can tell Dean has fluffed up and rearranged the pillows to fix up the nest that had deflated over the last few days. At first he sits awkwardly, holding his body in the exact position it hits the sofa, regardless of whether it’s comfortable, but after a minute or two he pulls his legs up onto the couch and balls himself up tight, nestled in the pillows. Meatball returns from wherever she’d retreated while Cas was gone.
Dean shook his head in disbelief. “Yeah that really doesn’t make me feel better. No one should have to deal with that much bullshit at work.”
“Is this Dean Winchester?” a woman asks, tone professional.
before moving on to more important things like toilet paper.
“Hey Cas, you okay?”
Dean looks up from the condor and over at Cas and sees that something about his stance has shifted. Cas is always stiff, never really looks relaxed, doesn’t have much body language to speak of, but there’s something different about his shoulders. They look sort of slumped, but not from fatigue or disappointment. If not for the fact that there was clearly nothing there, Dean would say they looked like they were bearing a heavy weight, like maybe a backpack or something. But no, there’s nothing on Cas’ back other than his trenchcoat and that shadow. Where’s that shadow coming from? Shadow means shade and shade means blessed relief from the relentlessly blazing sun. Dean glances around for a tree that isn’t there, then up into the sky thinking a lone cloud must have drifted in front of the sun, but all that’s there is blinding white-blue.
“It’s alright, Sam. Do you need me to move?”
“Yep,” Sam runs his fingers over the dusty ground and lets out an impressed laugh. “Iron, and it goes all the way around.”
“Uh,” Sam says, pulling Dean’s attention away from the fearsome angel he was just cuddling. “Sleeping?”
Dean’s pause gets misinterpreted as reluctance and Cas finds himself stumbling to give Dean the graceful out he seems to want. “If you want it. It’s okay if you don’t though, I’m sorry.”
.” Somehow this absolutely fails to make Chris feel better.
“Name’s Dean.”
“What do you guys want to watch?” Dean’s already flipping through the channels, and before anyone can answer he lets out a groan. “There’s like four channels and they all look like shit.”
“Like the early days, after Stanford.”
of how benevolent the universe is feeling toward us.”
“I got, um, I was laid off.” Before Dean can respond, Cas launches straight into reassurances that start out for Dean’s benefit but quickly seem to become for Castiel himself, and then after that they’re not even reassurances anymore. “It’s, I have enough money for, for a while anyway. So that’s okay, that’s okay. It could be nice, actually. But,” Cas looks up at Dean, eyes wide, “what if I can’t get another job? What if I never get another job?”
” Dean says.
It only takes 10 minutes of driving to find the turnoff to the campground. It’s really nothing more than a cleared plot of desert with a few ancient grills and a depression in the middle that maybe one day, long ago, used to be a firepit. Dean pulls the Impala to one side, puts it in park, shuts off the engine, and leans his head back against the seat, eyes already closed.
“Yes?” Castiel leaned over the pot, feeling the steam hit his already red cheeks. “Mildred said you wanted ‘runny eggs.’” Cas held a hand up on either side of his head and made exaggerated air quotes around the last two words before continuing on. “That meant you wanted runny eggs that were
Once outside, Cas blips out of sight. No one notices because the crowd of bystanders is entirely focused on the distraught truck driver yelling about a tax accountant who he swears appeared out of thin air.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Lots of people have written all kinds of things, doesn't mean they're coming true. Anyway, you were pretty loopy that day, if I remember correctly."
“Surprised? No.” Sam continues stuffing clothes into his duffle, while Dean watches Cas methodically take things out of Dean’s, look at them, and then place them back in the green canvas bag. “Dean, you really think it takes me all day to make fake IDs? I was giving you guys some space, and
“Dean, I have your package,” Cas calls into the house by way of greeting.
Several Tuesday nights came and went, and still no Dean. The Tuesday of the disastrous incident with the omelet, Cas had stopped off at a 24-hour grocery store after his shift and bought two dozen eggs. By the time the next Tuesday had rolled around, Cas had practiced cooking 24 eggs to runny perfection and had zero clean spoons in his house. That morning while he ate his cereal with a fork he thought about what he’d say to Dean, playing through various possible conversations to find the best things to talk about. Maybe he’d tell Dean how much he liked that long black car that had still been in the parking lot when Cas left that night but was gone by the time he came in the next day. But Dean never showed.
Moving the part of the blanket that’s piled up next to him, Cas reveals the small round cat. She unscrews her eyes just enough to look up at Dean, then lets them drift slowly closed again before Cas drapes the blanket back over her.
“Because everyone feels like they’re the special one, the one who’ll win despite the odds even though they know the game is rigged and that everyone else is stupid for playing. The rules don’t apply to them, right? Even though yeah they definitely fucking do.”
Dean chuckled, the sound of it mixing with the scrape of his knife on the plate as he tried to get every last bit of yolk. “You’re kinda weird, you know that?”
Dean just scoffs at this and walks out.
“I would like to ‘chill’ now, if that’s okay,” Cas says. He looks… intense. He kind of always looks intense when he stares at Dean, but there’s a hunger Dean hasn’t seen before in Cas’ eyes. Dean grins and makes a show of tossing the remote away and turning his body fully toward Cas, ready and willing, let’s do this. But instead of moving over to Dean, Castiel gives a sour look toward the image of Clint Eastwood that’s looking out at the two of them from the TV, a grizzled cowboy wearing a sarape and a disapproving squint. “I think it would be more comfortable on the um, the bed.”
“Hey so uh,” Dean talked to Cas’ back. “Why were you going to give me caviar?”
“Hey Castiel,” Charlie cuts Ron off, apparently done with a conversation that seems to have been going on for a while.
Sam’s eyebrows shoot up as he silently tilts his face toward Dean.
brand of beef jerky with a poorly drawn eagle on the package that Dean hadn’t thought about in years. He buys it all.
They’ve been driving a black car through the desert, and for the second time ever Dean is wishing he could change something about his Baby (the first time was when he realized it’d be so much easier to peel out in the parking lot to impress Rhonda Hurley if the Impala had a manual transmission). It’s not like they’ve never driven though hot weather before or had to crank the air conditioning, but this is something else. Hot air is rippling above the blinding asphalt, creating shimmery waves of heat that always manage to stay ahead of them no matter how far or fast they drive. Flat, monotonous landscapes are nothing new -- Dean’s criss-crossed this country more times than he could ever hope to count -- but something about the high desert of the Southwest is ominous and grand. It’s awesome, Dean realizes, but not in the way he usually means it.
There’s a reason most hunters die young. Dean used to think it was because their lives were filled with danger and homebrew healthcare, but now he’s wondering if maybe it’s some natural defense mechanism against becoming like
Most bigtime hunters have them. Like other wandering hunters, John’s was a storage unit, but this guy’s taken the same approach as Bobby. See, sometimes on a hunt you find shit you can’t destroy for one reason or another and instead just need to keep away from people, safe and locked up and in the case of Conrad and Bobby, buried in your yard under two tons of rusting steel. Bobby has the benefit of
“Get me a fork!” Dean shouts after Sam while Cas makes a place for the pie on the table.
Apparently done with his examination of Dean’s things, Cas just sits quietly until he notices something on the floor between the beds. Picking it up, Cas walks over to hand it to Dean. It’s a small black feather, maybe three or four inches long, one that could be easily mistaken as belonging to a crow. Dean takes the feather and tucks it in his shirt pocket, patting it protectively.
"Yes." Castiel doesn't move and Dean's afraid he might be about to fall asleep.
“He’s going to stare at you while you eat no matter what,” Sam says under his breath.
"Okay."
“It’s still a thing, people thinking and writing about our lives. If there were already Sam girls and Dean girls way back then, what do you think’s out there now?”
“So,” Dean breaks the silence when he’s finished up with the car. “Is this better or worse than when Lucifer was riding shotgun? As far as traumatizing imagery goes.”
perhaps.”
“Why do I have to be Stevie Nicks?”
“I’ve never eaten a meal,” Cas points out.
Castiel looks at that winky face and spends much longer than most people would deliberating between which of the nine only very slightly different smiling emojis he wants to respond with before just sticking with the original one.
“Alright then.” Dean makes a show of downing the rest of the beer and smacking the bottle a little too hard on the tabletop, dares Sam to say anything else. He doesn’t.
. Yeah?"
There’s an expectant pause from everyone at the table, and when Dean doesn’t order anything else Sam finally speaks up. “You can’t eat a slice of pie for lunch, Dean. You’ll be hungry again in an hour and I have to be in the car with you.”
A couple of notes:
“Wait Cas, where’s Conrad?”
order maple syrup for some bewildering but perfectly logical reason, he’s actually just blindly ordering off a menu that’s been flipped over to the extras, sides, and drinks.
Between the tektite and the feather, I imagine that Cas keeps giving Dean things and he ends up amassing a collection of small random objects that have no power or meaning beyond simply “Cas” and “love,” which makes them the most powerful talismans Dean has.
not a good liar and Dean still looks like Cas didn’t give him quite the escape route he was hoping for, so Cas tries again. “Um, maybe we could look at it together. For educational purposes.”
Dean laughs at this but it’s a warm thing, amusement without mockery. “Alright, meet you there around seven?”
“Come on, it’ll be fun.” Charlie elbows Dean from her spot in the passenger’s seat. “Besides,
“Where is the pie? Do you have pie?”
"Right okay, but how many of those stories have a cult following and repeatedly mention tulpas?”
“No.” Cas’ voice is flat as he walks directly into the bedroom, completely bypassing Dean. Cas had stopped with his disappearing act pretty shortly after Dean had caught him at it, but it looks like maybe he’s about to start up again.
Cas drops it, wouldn’t have been able to hold it for long anyway, and starts to zone out again. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he says quietly.
“I can’t say for sure because I haven’t read this stuff -- and I’m not gonna, there’s literally a hundred thousand works about you and Cas getting together and uh wow, a lot of them are pretty raunchy or just… weird. Weirdly
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, “I checked the garage but you were no longer there.”
Castiel’s expression returns to its usual neutrality, seemingly satisfied with Dean’s answer. He starts to lift the lead box -- more like a chest, really -- up out of the trunk, not even needing to ask Dean if he’d rather the heavenly being with super strength carry the big heavy thing for him, but sets it back down when Conrad makes his presence known. Putting two and two together, Dean whimpers ever so slightly and moves to grasp the box himself. He and Sam awkwardly maneuver it out of the trunk, careful not to hit Baby, and follow Conrad as he leads them back into the sea of junk.
Castiel wakes up his phone and makes a sound of disappointment when he sees the time. He’s 17 minutes early and, despite what that Dean guy had implied, Cas is smart enough to know he can’t go up yet. He doesn’t
“Hey cool, you guys know each other!” Andy says, smiling broadly and pointing between the two men.
They both sit for a bit, each lost in thought, Dean drinking down most of his beer in a single pull, before Cas breaks the silence with an incredibly earnest “Really Dean, you liked them?”
“Yes, Dean helped me with my truck.”
“So uh, good morning,” Bobby offers in a tepid attempt to break up the awkward staring match going on between Dean and the angel who appeared unannounced in his home,
a hoarder. And a hunter too, of course, but at this point in his life it’s about a 90/10 split.
beautiful, but yeah they’re, they’re fuckin’ awesome.”
“Singer Salvage and Auto Repair, whaddaya need?” a gruff voice that belongs to someone who is definitely not Dean answers.
To Dean’s absolute and
After this, things get casual. Not in the sense that they lack importance, but that they get comfortable and easy. Cas definitely still gets overwhelmed and Dean still questions himself sometimes, but somehow it just doesn’t seem to matter as much anymore. The catastrophizing that both men are quite frankly
“Yes.”
It’s kind of hard to miss, honestly, this conspicuously modern flat screen, far too big for the bedroom it’s in and plunked on top of a rickety clapboard dresser that was clearly never meant to hold it. Dean had bought it, on impulse, soon after moving in with Bobby; he’d just wanted something that was his, that stood out from everything else in that house as
“Yeah actually, I don’t get those. You know,” Dean pauses, thinks, decides fuck it. “I have a pretty good TV back at Bobby’s.”
“Oh, I was just thinking that um, if you’d like some honey I could bring you some. As a thank you. I have far too much to use it all myself.”
“I just like him, alright?"
“A place that is not a place, that exists but is not meant to be existed
Cas, though, still looks like he’s free-falling when Dean gets home from work the next day. Even though he seems calm it’s obvious the guy’s thoughts are spinning out of control, probably trying to work out every possible impact this event could have on him when he’s 90, and in every possible universe. Dean’s trying to figure out how he can get Cas to slow down a little when his phone rings. He doesn’t recognize the number, and normally he’d ignore it, assume it’s just a telemarketer, but it’s Sam’s area code. After a few seconds of hesitation, Dean answers.
Dean. Well, actually yeah probably. But what I mean is, maybe that’s what I’m seeing.”
“Yes. Her name is Meatball. I um, I have some pictures if you want to see them.”
As Castiel stands there and contemplates the complex joys and disappointments of one Dean Winchester, Righteous Man, he’s vaguely aware that a charge is growing in the air. The cashier seems to look a little more awake than he did a few seconds ago, so maybe he’s aware of it too. And of the light in the store somehow getting a bit brighter while the shadows behind Cas get deeper and darker until they almost seem to gain physical substance.
Castiel lets himself look at Dean now and tries to figure out what exactly the expression on his face might mean. A lot of things, including the tiniest hint of hope and relief, but more than anything, reluctance. Maybe a little bit of panic too. Dean’s a man who doesn’t feel safe unless he’s calculated an escape route, and right now Dean looks trapped. The kindest thing Cas can do for him is give him an out.
Sam calls Cas straight back. “Hey Cas. Uh, is everything…”
Dean occasionally glances back at Castiel in the backseat, the rearview mirror framing the angel’s face as he gazes out the window. Dean smiles to himself, a small and hidden thing, recognizing the look on Cas’ face from his own childhood spent on endless stretches of rural highways. To the uninitiated it might look like boredom, but Dean knows better. Cas is hypnotized by row after row of alfalfa working like a zoetrope laid flat, creating an ever-shifting fan of overlapping diagonals that blur in and out of focus as the car moves past at highway speeds. As a kid Dean would watch that for hours from his spot in the backseat -- the same place where Cas is sitting now -- while Sam slept sprawled out on the bench next to him.
“You were pretty different, Cas. You’re always different, but this was a different different.”
“You want to see more pictures of my car?” Dean has learned to keep his enthusiasm for his Baby to himself as much as possible. “You a car guy?”
“It’s important, Dean,” Cas said, mouth moued in the most adorable of pouts. “It’s our first morning after moving in together.”
Dean studies Cas, working through a decision he thought he’d already made, years ago, but now he’s wondering if, holy fuck, if this -- right now, today -- is the first decision he’s ever really truly made. It’s too much to think about right now, he feels himself getting overwhelmed by doubt, tries his best to wave it away like smoke. “You think you can do that for both of us?”
“You ready to go?”
“Hey, I thought you needed a wingman.”
“I don’t know. Theoretically it could be Chuck’s doing, but…”
“You got a twin brother I don’t know about or something? Because yeah. We did. Charlie?” Dean jerks his chin toward the kitchen and walks off, Charlie trailing.
“Dean, we’ve driven 600 miles already today.” Sam yawns from the passenger seat and makes a show of stretching out his legs what little he can.
“It’s alright Dean, I’m happy to do it.” And now Cas is smiling up at Dean. How did they get like this again so quickly, right back to what Dean had so lamely run away from? Dean has this stupid thought to put his hand on Cas’ arm, to complete the mirror image of before, but before he can Cas is telling him something about money.
Dean sighs. “I don’t know Charlie, it was off.”
Dean chokes on the mouthful of water he’d just gulped down and looks over at Cas, then down at the menu in front of him. That’s when he realizes that while yes, Cas is a weird dude who
Apocalypse -- was just too much. At first, his only reaction had been the nervous kind of laughter that says “We’re all going to die (again) so we might as well enjoy it.” Unfortunately for Dean, the world had other ideas and any thoughts he might have had of throwing on a cowboy hat and riding that A-bomb til the end were pretty quickly replaced by impending doom and demon blood and the unsettling revelation that angels are real and, for the most part, dicks.
Cas stands up and looks over at Dean, squinting with surprise that Dean would even have to ask. “No Dean, it’s a bird.”
. He's got that whole 'I don't understand how humans work' thing going on."
Sam’s book, just like every other discussion of his childhood, has deposited a layer onto his understanding of his past. But this time it doesn’t seem to obscure the details, like a swipe of grease on the lens of a projector. Instead it sharpens them, brightens them. Dean doesn’t agree with everything about how Sam views how they grew up, but adding Sam’s perspective to his own doesn’t feel invasive, but illuminating. Two photographs of the same thing, taken from slightly different angles.
“What did you find?”
"He, what was it. He said writers are gods of their own stories, something like that."
“Have faith?”
“Oh uh, what’s interesting about them?” He’s not really sure he needs or wants to know what exactly is interesting about a scorpion, but maybe it would be nice for Cas to be able to share it with someone. Maybe he’s come up with some profound insight about nature or whatever during his countless nights awake while the rest of the world sleeps.
“What’s that?” Dean distracts himself, reading over Cas' shoulder. “‘Team Free Will.’”
The drive back to Cas’ place is a quiet one, Cas slowly perking back up now that he’s out of the busy din of the Roadhouse and Dean just basking, as always, in the simple joy of driving his Baby. Cas doesn’t immediately get out when they arrive, instead turning to Dean to ask if he’d like to come in.
“All that I have ever asked you for,” Dean yelled, “is some fucking RUNNY EGGS. Is it so hard to get RUNNY FUCKING EGGS? I can’t even have ONE THING!?”
“Would you like to play? It has Star Trek.”
, exactly. If I’m Leia then you’re Luke and you are definitely not Luke. Uh, also we’re going to continue to ignore that whole mackin’ on his sister thing, thank you. Anyway, while I’m normally more than happy to be Leia, tonight I am going full Han mode: charming, smooth, irresistible…”
“For Lucifer.”
“Come on Cas, get something. I don’t want you staring at me while I eat.”
“Cherry… Did you get me a whole cherry pie, Cas?” And now Dean’s standing up and walking around the table and his shoulders don’t seem quite so tight anymore and his demeanor isn’t stiff and closed. He’s happy and relaxed and he’s about to get some
“Oh.” Cas looks like someone gently punched him in the stomach, like he’s not hurt, just disappointed. “This is more of the lying, like with the prostitute.”
-- Everything I wrote about the Star Trek Experience is true and accurate. It was AMAZING and I’m genuinely bummed that Dean never got to visit it.
Sam gets out -- slowly -- and starts to crawl into the backseat where he always sleeps when they do this. “Ah crap, sorry Cas, forgot you were there.”
“Yeah Sam, that’s great. Just have to -- son of a
“The liminal spaces.”
“You got the… Never mind.” Dean waves his hands for Cas to continue.
“Barometer,” Dean says.
“Well I think, I think I’m starting to see a pattern to what Chuck’s showing me.”
“No. Well, I have a cat.” Cas’ face softens a little. It’s still fairly neutral but it looks more natural, more relaxed.
Cas seems almost sad, regretful even, and Dean decides they
Dean says one last thing that Cas doesn’t quite catch, but he does hear Charlie’s reply. “He’s a good guy. Talk to him.”
When Dean pulls up to Cas’ house the next Thursday he’s greeted by a small -- like,
“Like, how were our lives? What was goin’ on?”
“Thought we weren’t talkin’ about that.”
Dean smirks, a stupid joke on the tip of his tongue that he wants to perfect before he gets over to Cas, but his face falls when he sees the small box on the table with the rest of the day’s mail. “Oh,” he makes plain his lack of enthusiasm. “I know what that is. It’s Sam’s book.”
Dean sits down at the table, swallows down a mouthful of coffee that’s now unpleasantly cool, clears his throat, and tries again. “I mean, just think about it Sammy, the junkless wonder throwing orgies…”
"That
“Hey there, Mildred,” Dean said, shooting her his patented Dean Winchester smirk, guaranteed to make the ladies want to give him whatever he was asking for. “If it’s not too much trouble, can I ask that these eggs be redone? I’d just love them to be a little bit runnier, sweetheart.”
When Sam walks back in he’s careful to look up and around and over, and just anywhere but the bed, but even so all he’d see are wings. Wings and Dean’s head popped up from between them, and now Cas’ too. “Hey uh, got us a case,” Sam says. When Dean and Cas make no effort to get up, Sam shakes his head and offers to go grab some coffee. “Take your time, guys.”
There are growing pains, of course, as there are anytime two people merge their lives into one. Dean doesn’t have a whole lot of his own stuff, both because he never had the chance to start accruing things as a kid and because the expensive apartment Bela had insisted on had come fully furnished. And even if it hadn’t, he can’t imagine he’d have wanted much of what had filled their home; other than the clothes in his closet, a crate of records, and a worn cigar box full of old photos and the precious few small treasures he’d been able to keep with him on the road, there wasn’t anything in that place that had really been Dean’s.
Dean spends the rest of the day thinking about money, and by the time they go to bed that night he feels pretty good about things. He knows Cas has a savings account, though he isn’t sure how much is in it, and he knows that the mortgage on the house -- which they started splitting when Dean moved in -- is manageable. Dean himself makes a pretty decent living at the garage and though he doesn’t have much savings, except for a credit card he’s been chipping away at for a couple of years he also doesn’t have any debt. Who ever would have thought that not going to school would have been a good thing. And neither of them have car payments. Cas’ health insurance, yeah they’ll have to figure that out, but it’s the beginning of the month so they’ve got a few weeks.
“He keeps repeating it over and over but in different ways and, well, it’s about you, Dean. And Cas.”
“Okay okay, sorry man. Just, never mind,” Dean says with a smile. “Start her up and let’s see if it was just the gas.”
“It’s alright,
“Dude, do not be sorry! This is the most harmless fucking thing. But I get it, if you’re embarrassed or whatever it’s okay if you wanna keep going into another room to do it. I just don’t want you to think you
ask him on a date and
Dean lets out an appreciative snort. “Yeah, she’s a beauty. So uh…” Dean pauses. “Hey are you okay?”
But anyway, it’s Monday, and Dean’s lounging on the couch finishing up the last of the pot of coffee and trying to find the necessary motivation to scrub out a casserole dish that’s now got rock-fucking-hard bits of last night’s dinner cemented to it. Cas left for work just two hours ago, so the sound of his truck already rumbling back up the long driveway is unexpected.
“Why would you bring your television to my home?”
---------------------------
She gave him a small smile as he shamefacedly wiped his face with a napkin.
Dean hesitantly touches his hand to his mouth like he’s afraid of what he’s about to find there, patting his face with concern that quickly turns to a sort of cocky pride. Right as Dean opens his mouth to explain to Sam that some people really like that sort of thing, he’s interrupted by the unmistakable sound of rustling feathers and the small whoosh of air that comes from a six-foot-tall man suddenly occupying every cubic inch of a guy’s personal space.
“Don’t worry man, I don’t expect you to come with me. It’s gonna take a while; I got rid of
Dean’s worked himself up a bit, looks around a little embarrassed at how loud his voice got, but other than Cas not a single person here is paying any attention to him. They’re all engrossed in whatever they’re doing: throwing craps, laughing with the people around them, smiling, enjoying themselves.
Son of a
Tries and fails. Nothing. Sam probably didn’t even hear him.
Ronald bums a ride off Andy, and Ash leaves shortly thereafter. Shortly after
“You want to look through my library.” Conrad thinks for a minute before continuing. “Alright,
“You’ve been eating sandwiches, that’s it?”
The next time Sam has a vision it’s back to the typical doom and gloom of Chuck’s usual work; Sam and Dean die in a fire, not a monster or angel or demon in sight. It’s bleak and it’s unsatisfying and it’s just very, very Chuck. Or at least, very this
Dean groans again, turns to his bottle for comfort, realizes it’s empty, grabs Sam’s untouched one, and takes a deep drink. “Alright, let’s say it is. Why would you be seeing it? Seeing Chuck’s ‘writing’ I get, kind of, I mean you’re connected or whatever, but it’s not like you shot the internet.”
, a tired voice calls from the back. “Anywhere’s fine, be with you in a sec.” Sam’s been hovering near a booth while Cas calmly blows Dean’s mind, and now that permission’s been granted he takes a seat. Cas sits on the opposite side and Dean slides in next to him.
Dean sniffs sharply, thinks for a moment. “Yeah. Yeah, I think I’d like that actually. I should read it too, I guess. I wasn’t going to, was just going to tell him that whatever’s fine.”
“Ron, it won’t make sense.” Charlie’s looking down at a DnD character sheet that Ronald has protectively splayed a hand across. “Mandroid” is written across the top. “It’s a high fantasy run and besides, no homebrew this time. We’re sticking to the basics, man. Old school.”
Dean needs pie.
Dean was breathing heavily, and he slammed the plate on the counter, hearing it crack. Everyone in the place was staring at him, mouths agape.
"Well, that too."
“Right. Actually, I don’t think there was any supernatural at all. Or if there was we didn’t know about it.”
Castiel knew Rocky’s would be the first place he ran into, his first chance to make a phone call. Actually, it’d probably be his
“Yeah Dean, you kinda do.” Sam deepens his voice and purses his lips in a crude but effective imitation of his older brother. “‘Smooth, like a Ken doll!’”
It’s the next night and Dean is over at Charlie’s to watch the season finale of a frankly terrible show that they both love anyway. The plots have gotten increasingly ridiculous over the years but goddamn if it doesn’t have some amazing characters, and at this point they’re far too invested to quit. Someone on screen stares menacingly into the distance as dramatic music swells and the scene cuts to black before the carefully set mood is completely undone by a loud, colorful commercial for a local amusement park. Charlie sees her chance and pounces.
Castiel isn’t going to shower until he brushes his teeth, and he isn’t going to brush his teeth until he
Cas tilts his head and then with the sound of invisible wingbeats, he’s gone and Dean’s arm is suddenly cold where Cas’ warm hand had been draped over it. A moment later he returns holding a disposable cup with “Gas-n-Sip” written on the side which he dutifully hands to Dean.
A short squawk of laughter bursts from the other bed before Sam can clamp his mouth shut, and Cas finally pulls himself away from the television.
“Yes Sam, I am well aware that Chuck was masquerading as a prophet. In fact, I believe I was the one who foolishly insisted he be protected at all costs.”
"I'm your blanket," Dean explains.
Sam brings a giant hand to his chest in mock offense. “I worked three days a week at the library in college.”
“You are so weird, Cas.”
She rolled her eyes and tucked a strand of long brown hair behind her ear.
“You know what I mean.”
“If you’d just brought me the damn eggs, none of this would’ve happened!” he said, voice hoarse from yelling. “Goddamnit, Cas.”
“What? How.”
Dean sets the pie down so he can flip through the copy of
"Please don't fall asleep on me."
Dean brings him a sandwich and a glass of water and sits down next to Cas, not touching or smothering, just being there. Cas picks up half a sandwich and takes a big bite, but the way he chews it -- jaw working up and down in an exaggerated manner -- it’s clear he doesn’t want to taste the food or feel it in his mouth any more than he has to to get it eaten.
Dean had emphasized that last part but Castiel doesn’t seem to notice or care. He just takes the card, repeats his sincere thanks, and drives away.
“Am I welcome at the bunker?”
They’ve been wandering around the casino for a bit, Cas alternating between openly scrutinizing his surroundings and doing that closed off lost in thought thing he does to file stuff away in his giant angel brain. After a while Cas, who’s back in scrutiny mode, gestures toward a big and very complicated slot machine (maybe?) off to the right. It’s Star Trek themed, has two seats in front of side-by-side screens like those fancy arcade games that Dean always avoided as a kid because they ate through his quarters too fast, and for some reason a Wheel of Fortune wheel is mounted on top of the whole contraption.
“Conrad,” Cas pulls the old man’s attention toward himself. “You appear to have an extensive collection of research materials.”
---------------------------
sin, Cas. Mostly just lust and greed," Dean very helpfully clarifies.
on top of what’s mine. And I don’t want to see my own childhood that way.”
“What?”
“Nope, you did good Cas.” Dean slips the bit of glass into his pants pocket and pats it for good measure.
“Uh, sure Cas. What are you thinking?”
Hours pass, the sun sets, and Sam and Dean have finally chiseled a deep enough crack in the earth to haul this damn chest in and never think about it again. Dean wants to roll it in -- who gives a shit if it lands upright? -- but as the responsible one Sam insists they do it right and actually pick the thing up and place it down. As they’re shovelling chips of dirt back into the hole, Dean sees Cas slowly, silently making his way through the moonlit rubble and shoos him over.
As they walk around, Dean is clearly having a hard time deciding which he wants his face to express: annoyance at Sam’s incredible nerdiness, or awe at Castiel’s creation. He wavers back and forth but settles on awe when he realizes he can get answers to all the questions he desperately wants to ask but won’t by just letting Sam do his “Get this!” Sam thing. Under different circumstances Dean would roll his eyes and pretend (or not) that he didn’t care at all about whatever Sam is yapping about. This time, though, things are different. He wouldn’t just be rolling his eyes at Sam, he’d be rolling them at Cas too, and he simply can’t bring himself to do that.
While Dean has a silent breakdown over what is essentially a closed amusement park attraction, Sam reminds the entire world why he’s the smart, reasonable one and walks over to a woman who’s clearing glasses off an empty table. “Excuse me, uh, do you know when this--- when the Star Trek Experience closed?”
“Oh oh, I---” Cas loosens his grip, realizing that he’s just summoned the full wrath of an angel of the lord right here in the middle of a crappy corner store and that smiting this convenience store clerk is probably not the best course of action for a few different reasons: 1. It’s generally considered rude to smite strangers; and 2. Cas would have to look for the pie himself and he has
"Yeah, they fell in while the concrete was being poured. I mean, not all at once but..."
"This doesn't make sense.” Dean shuts the mini-fridge -- they’ve made just a single modern addition to the bunker’s main space, and of course it’s a booze thing -- and hands a beer to Sam before popping the cap off his own. If Cas had been hoping for a beer as well he doesn’t show it. “Why would Chuck suddenly decide to give us good lives? Or, just not the end of the world?"
“What---” Dean poked at the sunny side up eggs with his fork and sighed. “You could have done the eyes with runny eggs, ya know, and it would have worked just as well.” His eyes were dull as he stabbed at one of the sausages that formed a smiling mouth beneath the ‘eyes’ and took a bite.
that had been tucked inside. Castiel pointedly does not watch what happens next, but every fiber of his multidimensional being is tuned on Dean at this moment. He hears a small gasp, stifled milliseconds after the air begins to pass Dean’s parted lips.
And Dean liked breakfast food. He still remembered nights when his dad was gone and his mom hugged him and made him pancakes for dinner, just to make him smile. He’d get sticky with syrup and his mom would wet a paper towel and wipe his face and hands, and she would kiss the top of his head and read to him until he fell asleep, warm and loved.
. But it’s gonna be.” Dean sits at the other end of the couch, and for a couple of minutes neither of them say anything. “Are you hungry?”
“Yes.”
Chuck.
“Thank you, Dean. And, though I don’t know Sam well I doubt he’d make light of your experiences. He just may find them easier to confront. No, not confront,
.’ Not like the one I made anyway.”
Dean scrapes up the last of the pie, pops it in his mouth, and joins the conversation.
“Okay,” he sighed. This wouldn’t be too bad; he could call for a tow, or maybe someone could come bring him some gas in one of those red plastic containers that no ever actually seemed to own. Okay, someone could buy one of those red plastic containers and
“You hungry, Sam? Seems like the last town for a while to stop for lunch.”
“No.”
“I uh,” (part of Dean’s brain asks the other part what the hell it’s doing) “I can bring it here, you know, if you want.”
Dean looks at his watch. “Well, it’s almost 4 o’clock so I think you should eat something anyway. Uh, how ‘bout you go clean up -- take a shower, put on some new sweats -- and I’ll make you a sandwich.” Dean really wants to make something other than the PB&J he knows Cas has been eating for at least a week straight, but he also knows there’s a reason Cas has been eating it every day and that changing his routine now -- even for something that tastes good, that he knows Cas likes -- would not be welcomed. When Cas doesn’t move, Dean rests a hand on the part of the blanket he’s pretty sure Cas’ knee is under. “Come on.” He squeezes, firm but gentle, not demanding but also not giving up. Finally Cas gets up, creaky, shoulders slumped, and shuffles into the bathroom.
