“Mrs. Hudson, I’m merely reacquainting myself to part of my life. Dr. Watson is my friend who offered to help me. We are not romantically involved. Thank you for the tea, if you would please let us continue with what we were doing.” Sherlock says.
“Open the door Sherlock. I am merely being polite by knocking.” Mycroft sighs waving a hand at the door viewer. Sherlock opens the door and walks back to sit at the small kitchen table.  Mycroft wanders in and glances around at John’s neat apartment. Eyeing the unmade pile of blankets and pillows on the couch.
“Quite. You flirt with her outrageously to get your way into her lab, and she’s desperately infatuated with you.” Greg says with a sigh and eyes that don’t meet the man in the bed. He raises his eyes for a moment to observe Sherlock. Sherlock looks adrift, his eyes are down turned in sadness and embarrassment.
“Sherlock Holmes you are not a monster, rude sometimes yes, but no monster., Molly says patting his hand, “rest now. Get better.”
“Settle. I’ll get the travel mugs, grab the bag of her clothes ok?” I sigh against his neck.
“Kids won’t get it.” I sigh into his arms.
“No someone with longer hair, a bit malnourished, and settled into old age.”
“Mycroft I have absolutely no desire to use drugs. Why would I, my brain is all I have! Please I think being around my things and my life would help me!” Sherlock shouts moving as if to get out of bed. Mycroft stops his brother with a point of his umbrella handle to Sherlock’s shoulder.
Out of the corner of John’s eye a tall figure with moppy black hair was stomping his way down the sidewalk. He perked up when he saw that was in fact Sherlock that was walking by his  favorite place for lunch. I gently tapped on the glass as he neared and he stopped smiled widely. He came inside and walked towards John.
“This matters to me, this room, this day. I love you and...we are on the road to having a family...John I’m not good at this at all, not like you” he fumbles with something in one his coats massive pockets.
My own smile creeps across my face and I almost can’t speak, but then I inhale a shaky breath.
“Yes he came to the hospital. He was very upset about what happened yesterday, he sought me out himself.” John smirks.
“I won’t forget you John Watson. You are only person who has never asked me to remember something, pressured me to get better, told me who I should be, or dismissed what I want. I won’t forget you. Have a good evening, Doctor.” Sherlock turns out of the room and John completely forgets about having to escort him out. He drops to the bed with raging pain in his leg.
“Go home Jawnnn. I...finnne” I mumble closing my eyes.
“I prefer to text.” Sherlock sighs.
“What’s new about this one? You wouldn’t have come to get me if there wasn’t something different.”
“Sherlock...I...missed you so much. When I found Mary she...she just filled a space, I loved her but she wasn’t you.”
“No, he asked me I said yes, it is as simple as that” I growl
“What? You look terrible. Give me your wrist.” John grabs his wrist and straightened Sherlock’s chin to look at his pupils. Sherlock’s pulse is too rapid for his exertions but his pupils are normal. His respiration rate is also way too fast.
“Gregory. John and Sherlock are getting a dog. Prepare yourself for an additional member of your force.” Mycroft grins over the shouting response.
John laughs nervously and locks eyes with Mycroft Holmes just as he is entering the lift.
“For Gods’ sake Sherlock, I honestly don’t care that you leave, as long as you fucking tell me where you are going to be.” Gregory shouts at him.
“Ok, I’m off on Wednesday, barring any escalation of influenza.” John sighs, finding it difficult to resist when Sherlock gives him that lost look and says please.
“Apologizing that is new.”
“Gregory Lestrade, Sherlock’s friend and provider of cases” Lestrade chuckles nervously.
“You know it annoys me when you call Mycroft or try to be clever.” Sherlock’s voice is hard edged as he stares down at his hands.
The box in the freezer. It was calling to me. My 7% solution
“I care about him too Mycroft, don’t you dare think otherwise. THIS is not my fault.  I’ll  go find the man who almost ended the greatest mind of London.” the man hissed.
“Well I’ve removed the EEG sensors since he is not exhibited any further seizure activity. His stitches are due to come out tomorrow. I am concerned by, as Sherlock has described, the ‘persistent ache duller than C-SPAN’” a loud chuckle emits from Sherlock and he looks fondly at his doctor and John smirks at him, “I’d like to see him stay for two more days.”
“Sherlock what is it?” John ask trying not to throttle him.
“Charming as ever, brother mine.” Mycroft sighs.
“Fiiiine...it’s all fiiine Johnnn…go home to Mary...I...don’t love you” I say turning away from him.
Sherlock is silent for the moment, his jaw clenches and his brow is furrowed. Mycroft watched as a familiar processing look crossed over Sherlock’s face.  Mycroft was completely torn between wanting his brother to remember who he was and not wanting him to remember the incident that had restructured his younger sibling completely.
my brother” Sherlock immediately blurts from his curled form on the couch. Piles of paper are scattered on the cushions and on the table.  I catch him tucking something behind the couch cushion.
“Four days”
“When he does rounds which usually begin about 10?” Gloria murmurs.
“Ahh no I have an apartment. We’re not together.” John says eying Sherlock who is staring at the elderly woman with his mouth slightly open.
“Going to a test. I think I was with someone. I just..it is dark and blank.” Sherlock feeling a familiar anxiety creeping in his chest.
“Things like that kind of stick.”
“Well..usually..that is the case. But seeing you in pain always hurts me.”
“John” Sherlock hums against me, his arms tighten almost to uncomfortableness.
“Umph! John what is it?” he grumbles sitting up with me. I shove a palm in is face to quiet him.
“Course not. Tell me more what a home life with your brother is like.” John commands as he leads the taller man out of the restaurant.
I do really hate hurting John & Sherlock, I swear it will get better. Mycroft is just gonna have to deal with it.
“Clothing’s too thick!” Sherlock calls after him.
“John make sure he comes in before noon?”  Greg calls after them
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock” I yell from the living room my hands shaking grasping the card from Lestrade in my hand so hard it is starting to crumple.
Patient admitted with closed head injury caused during a work related experience. Patient was having a seizure when found by a coworker. The coworker, Gregory Lestrade stated he thinks he was hit with a bottle as there was broken glass near the patient.
(See the end of the chapter for
John turned his attention over to Sherlock. He was smiling so wide that he couldn't help but go along with his plan, no matter how insane it was. John took a deep breath. “That's because I am his boyfriend.”
Dear John,
Sherlock
“What kind of sticky situation?” John was getting more confused by the second.
The reasoning behind this letter is the meaning and apology for the reichenbach fall.
“All right,” John said in recognition. He hadn’t even looked up from his computer. screen “Where are you going?”
Dear John,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe I’ll finally confess my true feelings for him one of these days,” John muttered under his breath. He waited for Sherlock to come around the corner, saying “I heard that” again, but he never did.
This letter is also about a happy occasion that I masked my actual feelings throughout. I feel awful just remembering how I felt and how you felt. It was supposed to be a happy day for everyone, but of course this selfish bastard can’t think of anyone else but himself.
That way, I wouldn’t have to deal with too much, I could just start over.
John pulled the letters out of the box. There were five pieces of paper, all folded into fours. John unfolded the first one and began to read.
When the idea popped into my head of giving you some closure, I knew I wouldn’t be able to just write one huge letter to get everything out of my mind and onto paper. I needed to separate the letters into five separate ones, covering each and every topic I require you to know.
Mrs. Hudson made a tsk tsk noise. “There’s your first problem. You never ask if he’s okay. You just leave him be.”
John pushed himself up off of the couch and slowly shuffled into the bathroom. He went in, grabbed a tissue, and blew his nose. He disposed of the used tissue into the garbage can. John turned to look at himself in the mirror. He didn’t even recognize the face that was staring back at him. He was a hollow shell of what he used to be. Seeing that image was the courage John needed. He stripped down and took a nice, hot shower. He grabbed a towel that was hanging from the rack and dried himself off. After, he walked into the room he shared with Mary and put on a fresh pair of clothes. He disposed of his two week old pair of sweatpants into the hamper.
There was a minute of silence until Mycroft Holmes stood up from the row behind John and made his way up to the podium.
I want you to know that what I did was a result of my own accord. After reading these letters I have left for you, you will probably blame yourself for my death. Do not do so, whatever you do. I want you to know that it is based on my own decisions and my own actions; you had nothing to do with this, I can promise you that right now.
“It'll be one year,” John blurted out almost automatically.
I couldn’t help but suppressing the feelings that were always within me. I had always loved you, John, I just could never bring myself to truly admit it to either myself or you. I thought it was how you felt in a friendship, since I never truly had a friend until you. When you announced your engagement, however, it was my clue that it wasn’t just love in the way of friendship I was feeling; I truly had romantic feelings for you.
Mary came and sat down in the seat next to John. He took her hand, placed it on his knee, and began to rub his thumb in between the spot where her thumb and index finger meet in slow, soothing circles.
However, there was only one pair of socks and a very old looking box. John placed the shirt back on top of the dresser and picked up the box. He carried it over to the bed. John opened up the box. Inscribed on the top, in Sherlock’s handwriting, it read…
I’m sorry John. I want you to live your life every day to it’s full extent. I never want you to blame yourself for what I have done. I made this decision on my own and no one else influenced it. Remember, I will forever love you.
‘How could he think I would never love him!?’ John thought to himself. ‘I loved him way before Mary. I forced myself to marry her so I could get over Sherlock. Now he thinks I would never love him.’
John had never seen Sherlock this timid before. He knew he had to do something to save his best friend. “Irene.”
Irene stopped in mid-stride. Her daggers softened ever so slightly. “Oh really now? How long have you two been together for then?”
Please be wary when reading this final chapter. There is a trigger warning for suicide. Please be safe <3
John groaned again. “No wonder why I’m so tired. Ugh. I’ve had the worst day ever.”
If you enjoyed this story, please comment and/or leave a kudos. I'm glad you stuck with me all the way to the end. Thank you, all of you wonderful readers. <3
“Nowhere.” Sherlock was stuttering. He didn’t expect John to respond. In hindsight, Sherlock should have just walked out the door without saying anything.
I couldn’t help thinking that it should have been me you were placing a ring on. I couldn’t help thinking that it should have been me you kissed when the priest told you to do so. I couldn’t help thinking that it should have been me that you held hands and walked down the aisle with. I couldn’t help thinking that it should have been me you made an entrance with during the wedding reception. I couldn’t help thinking that it should have been me that you had your first dance with.
Sherlock
“John!” Sherlock snapped at me. “I’m fine! Just leave me alone.” Sherlock wrenched open the door and turned back around to face me. “And whatever you do, don’t follow me.” He walked out the door and slammed it shut behind him.
John rapidly shut his laptop. “What? What is it, Sherlock?”
Believe me when I say that this was not an easy feat. I needed someone on my side, who wouldn’t blow my cover. That was when I took to the least likely source I could ever imagine, Moriarty. The one man who was my mortal enemy became my savior.
He instantly knew who she was talking about, but John didn’t understand why she blamed him for Sherlock stomping out of the apartment building. “What do you mean? I didn’t do anything!”
“That’s fine,” John responded, half paying attention. He was back on his laptop, looking for new cases and news stories. John refreshed the page and he came to a page displaying the two words, breaking news. Intrigued, John clicked the hyperlink, causing him to be directed to a brand new page. Clicking on this news story became John’s worst nightmare. He read the title of the article and was startled so much that his laptop crashed to the ground.
Sherlock
There are trigger warnings for self harm and suicide on this chapter. If you are sensitive to these topics, please be careful if you choose to read this. Don't push yourself if you're debating on whether or not to read it. I'd rather you be safe. <3
John cocked the gun, put the barrel to his temple, and pulled the trigger.
He shuffled them over to Sherlock’s room. The door was shut. John closed his eyes and gingerly placed his hand on the door knob. He slowly turned it. Pushing the door open, he stepped inside. Once in the room, John opened his eyes one by one and was shocked at what he found. The room inside was spotless. There wasn’t a speck of dust anywhere. Nothing was lying on the floor or looked out of place. However, his clothes had been set up for the next day.
“Are you sure?” John was probably pushing his buttons right now.
This occasion I am referencing is your wedding to Mary.  I was honored that out of all the people you could have chosen to be your best man, you picked this sorry old sap. I was also a little surprised, because well, I’m me. I’m not that great of a human being and I still don’t think or know if I’m that good of a friend. You could have picked any of your other male friends, and yet, you chose me.
So the day came and obviously I went through with it. However, after I snuck into my own funeral to scope out what was going on, I felt absolutely terrible. I saw just how distraught everyone was and how they all actually cared about me, which I didn’t think was physically possible. After seeing that display of affection, I knew I had to do something, so I decided I would return after a little while. Obviously, a lot changed between the time I was gone and once I came back, which brings us to our next letter.
I couldn’t stay around you any longer, not knowing whether or not we could be anything more. Of course, instead of actually talking to you, I took the coward’s way out and decided to fake my own death.
John, I’ve loved you for what feels like forever but have only been able to come to terms with it for a very minimal amount of time. I thought that maybe if I went out on a date or two with Molly, maybe I’d be able to repress the feelings I had for you. However, I didn’t realize what they truly were until I realized I definitely didn’t feel the same way about Mary as she did for me. Those feelings were all for you.
Now, I wasn’t about to proclaim them at your engagement announcement party! That would just prove how much of a shitty friend I am, as if I didn’t already feel that way. As I previously mentioned, I didn’t have many friends before you, so I didn’t know how to properly treat a friend. I hope I did right by you, John. I’d hate to know I could ever harm you.
“I've known you for a lot longer than that. Why didn't either of you tell me.”
The reason I am doing the harshest thing possible to my body is because I can’t live with myself anymore. I’ve been very unhappy for the longest time and I can’t feel this way anymore. It’s slowly killing me and it’s come to the point where it’s not just internal anymore. I was inflicting myself with pain by cutting my wrists and thighs. The pain on the inside was too much. The thoughts running through my head daily were becoming more and more destructive. That’s why the intake of cases was becoming slower and slower. My head was being infected by negativity so much that I could hardly do any work. I was slowly sinking down into a place that I can’t be pulled out of.
Mary began to busy herself in the kitchen. “What do you want for dinner? I was thinking spaghetti and meatballs but I’m not too sure.”
Before John could do anything else, Sherlock opened the door. In walked Irene in a flurry. She quickly glanced at Sherlock and looked him up and down. She was obviously disappointed. “Sherlock, darling, why are you still in pajamas?” She gestured towards his green flannel pajama pants. “We’re going out.”
Mycroft cleared his throat and everyone turned his attention to him. He always looked composed, but today he looked like he could fall apart any moment.  “It’s always hard for those related to the loved ones by blood, and it’s especially hard when that same person you grew up with is the one that you’re tasked with burying.” Mycroft put up a hand to his mouth to stifle his tears. “Well, Sherl, I miss you a lot.” Mycroft turned back around to face the coffin. He placed a hand on the outside edge near Sherlock’s head. “You’re up there now with Redbeard. Give him a big hug for me.” Mycroft briskly walked away from the podium and out of the funeral house. Everyone in there could hear him crying from outside. Greg Lestrade got up out of his seat and went outside after his boyfriend. If anyone would be able to calm him down, it would be Lestrade.
Hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please leave a comment or kudos if you did! The next chapter will be up tomorrow!
“Well, then why didn’t you tell me that from the beginning?” John was starting to get worried. Sherlock was acting abnormal; a lot more abnormal than usual.
At this point, I realized how much I had fucked myself over. I couldn’t confess my love for you since you were going to get married to the one person you truly loved. I didn’t want to throw my feelings into that mix because you were probably already freaking out with everything that comes with a wedding. With that, I will segway over to the next letter.
I had to take my life into my own hands. It would be the only way to destroy the darkness going through my mind all day, every day.
Now, the first topic I need you to know about, the first time I realized I fell in love with you.
John sighed. Mrs. Hudson had keys to their humble abode, so why couldn’t she use them? He put the computer onto the couch cushion that he wasn’t using and propelled himself upwards. He shuffled over to the door, placed a hand on the doorknob and then hesitated for a moment. Sherlock had slammed this same door not even fifteen minutes ago. John shut his eyes hard in an attempt to stop his tears from flowing. He took another second to compose himself before opening the door ever so slowly.
I can’t keep living in this house when I’m being plagued with the realization that you will never feel the same way for me. I’d move out, but I would still have to see you everyday to work and forever be reminded by your wonderful personality and handsome face that you won’t be able to feel the same way ever.
“John! I’m home!” Mary threw her keys down on the table next to the front door.
John was absolutely flabbergasted. After a second, John was finally able to state one word that summed up exactly how he was feeling; “What!?”
When the two couldn’t hear Irene’s heels clicking on the floor outside of the door anymore, they burst into laughter. “That was fantastic. Thanks for saving my hide John.” Sherlock ventured off to his bedroom.
“John, quick!” Sherlock ran out of his bedroom and into the loft. He was holding his cell phone as if it were a bomb set to detonate at any second. “I need some assistance!”
“I’m assuming less than one second.”
Sherlock
‘Why would she even want to hear what happened during my day,’ John thought to himself. ‘I’m probably nothing to her anyways. It’s not like I’m her husband or anything.’
Some of the things physically pained me so much that I had to leave the reception altogether and go the bathroom. My heart just couldn’t take it. I should have told you from the moment that I knew it, but I didn’t. I couldn’t admit it. But now, the next and final letter will explain everything.
John gained the courage to walk over to Sherlock’s dresser. He picked up the outfit his best friend had laid out, a pair of dark jeans and a dark T-shirt. John silently chuckled to himself and cracked a smile for the first time in two weeks. Sherlock Holmes always had the same variant of clothing, there was never any change.
John was seriously getting mad at this point. He was about to let one of his fists fly into the wall he was standing next to. However, he managed to successfully restrain himself for the time being. “Is it so wrong to ask my best friend how he is doing? Is it so bad to want to let him know that I care?”
It was more of a rhetorical question, but Mary answered regardless. “Well, I just got home, so I don’t have much to base this answer off of, but I’d guess anywhere between five and twenty minutes.”
Sherlock
Sherlock’s exasperated sigh confirmed this theory. “John, I'm fine. I just want to go out and get some air.”
“Jesus, John!” Mrs.Hudson burst into the room. For an older woman, she had a fair bit of energy.  “What could you possibly have done to that poor man?”
Molly got up directly after the two men dashed out of the building. She walked straight to the podium, not even daring a look at the casket. She had a wad of tissues balled up into her hand, but her face showed no sign of tears. “Sherlock told me to meet him at Cafe Le Roux down the road, where we were going to have our second date of the week.” John was shocked at this revelation. He had no idea that Sherlock Holmes was dating Molly Hooper. John quickly glanced around the room, and from the looks on people’s faces, they had absolutely no idea either. “He had said something on our first date three days prior to the second one about needing to clean out his room. I thought he was just trying to crack jokes, like he was doing only a few minutes before he stated that. Thinking back to that moment now, I should have recognized the warning signs.” Molly shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts. “However, he did say something about you, John.” She zeroed in her focus on John and locked eyes with him. “You’re the only one allowed to clean out his room. He doesn’t want anyone else going through his stuff, only you. He fears that other people with either break things or find things they aren’t supposed to see.” Molly turned back around to face her former boyfriend. “I never got to say it to you in person, but I love you, Sherlock Holmes.” Molly pulled a tissue from her wadded up ball and dabbed at her eyes. She shoved the dirty tissue back into the group of them. She went back to her seat, sat down, and then began to silently weep to herself.
Mrs. Hudson stalked over to the kitchen and set up a pot of tea. She started pacing from the stove to the fridge, which wasn’t so much as a pace, more like a long stride back and forth. “Oh don’t start with me. We both know that you had something to do with the way he left the building.”
So, John, I’m sorry but I can’t keep it in any longer. You’re very smart so I’m sure you’ve already connected the dots. I can’t keep it in any longer and I’m sorry you have to find out this way but I’m completely, utterly, head over heels in love with you, John Watson.
Dear John,
Sherlock
“Tell me about it.” John went to speak again, but Mary continued. “I had an awful day too! It must just be the fact that it’s a Monday. Monday’s always suck.”
John clenched his hands into fists by his sides. “Yeah, I did. All I did was make sure he was okay by continuously asking him.”
John’s tears turned from those of sadness to ones of rage. He quickly wiped them away. He gathered up Sherlock’s letters and stood up. He slowly walked to the kitchen and dumped the letters into the sink. He rummaged around in the kitchen drawer, looking for a lighter. When he found it, he lit it and set the letters aflame. John watched as the letters Sherlock poured his heart and soul to were destroyed.
“Yeah, I reached that conclusion earlier,” John grumbles a little bitterly.
About an hour later, Sherlock is fast asleep, his dark head resting on John’s shoulder. John lets him rest.
"Jesus! Why the hell did you do that?" John cries, jumping back in surprise.
John rises from his chair, suddenly desperate to leave this room full of pretense, and darts out of the room. He can feel a few eyes on him as he bolts out of the door, but no one tries to stop him.
“Goodnight, John.”
“-Nah, not really.” He gives her a cold smile. “I can’t help you. Nor do I really want to, to be honest.” John takes a step back as she shuffles towards him. She freezes. “Sherlock is the best thing that’s ever happened to me, and I don’t need
John had asked if Sherlock was okay, who had nodded silently, and John had grabbed his arm and dragged him from the club.
John wasn’t like anyone Sherlock had ever met before, he was loyal from the start, protective and complementary in such a matter-of fact way that it had to be nothing but genuine. He was endlessly frustrated with Sherlock, calling him out without hesitation when Sherlock did something a bit not good, but he never left. Stormed out of the flat a few times, yes, but he always came back.
They grin at each other, then Sherlock is leaning down and pressing his lips against John’s and it tastes of sweet honey and perfection.
isn’t it? When you
John smiles, rather astonished Sherlock even knows who Bowie is considering he doesn’t ever seem to know who the current prime minister is. “Not necessarily a bad thing,” he comments.
“Nah, haven't done that for aaages. Wouldn’t know where t’get ‘em anyway.”
“Very much so, yes. I’m part of the rugby team too, which helps distract me a little from the endless academia,” John grins ruefully.
This potato scenario genuinely happened to me once at work. Without the swearing, and punching.
“It was nice of you not to mention the dog thing, I know how much Sherlock is-”
He never did get to spell out exactly what he wanted because the next moment, he was on the floor and blood was pouring from his nose. John stared at Sherlock in shock, not having seen him approach. Sherlock was standing there with such a blank look of innocence that if John hadn’t just watched him do so, he wouldn’t be sure it was Sherlock who punched the man at all. There was silence. Even the child had stopped crying.
Then, Emelia had nodded slowly and said, “He has a point, Alfie.”
“We don’t eat in there,” he had said, tugging John to the back of the house and down some steps leading into a large servants kitchen.
"What, Yorkshire Tea? The same brand we have
“Holmes, you fucking shit! Get back here!”
“Come on.”
“You’ve encountered someone similar to me before, then?” Sherlock asks, frowning and looking a bit insulted.
“Oh do I now? So you can try and
Sherlock isn't budging, his eyes still narrowed and his hands are clenched by his sides. God, why is he making this so hard? It was such a stupid, petty argument. It didn't even mean anything. They've had worst fights, much worse, but this seems to have really hit something within the detective. John doesn't know what to do. He's said what he came to say, now he's stuck in Sherlock's dark room with the man looking unforgiving in front of him.
John’s eyes flutter momentarily before he tries to tug Sherlock’s face gently away again.
John glances back towards Sherlock, realisation dawning.
“No, it’s just not any of your business,” Sherlock snaps with unexpected heat.
A look passes between the couple.
The second time John punched someone for Sherlock, however, the stars had aligned and Sherlock was there to see it in all it’s aggressive glory.
“Because no one knew of their relationship. Both parents are strict Catholics, and spend a lot of their time explaining how homosexuals are currently burning in hell on Facebook.”
This is the end of this story, kind of-I will do an epilogue- and it's been a slow-going blast. I've adored writing this, especially as it's my first proper fic that I've actually seen to the end.
John rolls his eyes, reaches over and snatches the cigarette from his mouth, turning it over and shoving it back between his lips.
Somewhere during the night, both boys had kicked off their jeans, leaving their legs bare and free. John can’t remember when they fell asleep.
“I don’t know what I-” Mycroft stops, the admission apparently not sitting well in his mouth. He casts a look at John over his shoulder, face unreadable. “I have to be back in London by the morning,” an odd smile tilts his lips. “If I asked you to keep an eye on him, am I to assume you would take that as spying?”
What the hell just happened?
John pretends to be thinking hard for a moment. “Nope, don’t think so. It might be too early to tell,” John replies, bringing the cup to his lips.
“HOLMES!”
“Sherlock-”
Sherlock rolled back onto his side to face him. "No, he has to eat three times a day John. I did research," he said petulantly.
Sherlock nods.
John keeps a keen eye on Sherlock’s face, watching for any signs of nausea or dizziness. Doesn’t reply until Sherlock is fully upright and glancing around himself like he’s only just realised where he is.
Her mother sends her a mildly disapproving look at the ambiguous answer, but drops the subject.
“So, John, where is it you study?” Mrs Holmes asks, buttering a roll.
“No, I’m fine,” John murmurs distractedly.
“Sorry.”
In answer, Sherlock picks up another glass, this time handing it to John.
Enjoy! xo
“Will you help me find him? Please?” She's stopped crying now, thankfully, and John can't help but glare a bit at her turned back.
The whole building’s interior, regardless of its size, is adorned with cozy, warm furniture and a wide variety of art. John could see Mrs Holmes’ influence in everything, recognising the comforting style from the cottage she and her husband lives in back at home.
“Shhh, everyone is asleep!” John hisses, trying to grab at him but Sherlock dances out of his grasp with a laugh.
John stares. He would be flattered if it were any other circumstance, but this is not by any means a normal day.
Incredibly, today it isn't Sherlock who has infuriated him enough to drive him to the familiar file on the screen. He craves some sort of comfort but John isn't the type of man to go up to someone and ask them for a hug so this is the next best thing. Plus, if he did try and hug someone right now, he'd quite possibly seriously damage their ribs.
“Wan’ one?”
“What was it you took, Sherlock?”
Victor collapses into a crouch, while Sherlock and John stand with their hands on their knees, the sound of heavy panting filling the small room.
see it,” John realises.
In another world, thirty-three years ago, a young girl decides the kill her favourite brothers best friend. But then, in a whirl of bizarre circumstance, the boy who is fated to a watery grave catches a bout of flu and ends up not going to his friends house that evening. And with that, her plans are thwarted. And as his friend is absent, the brother makes a life changing decision, unbeknown to him at the time, and asks his sister to play a game of pirates. She agrees. And the young boy, whose name is Victor Trevor, is gifted with the unremarkable fate of life.
“You can’t just stumble off on your own,” Toby tries in a reasonable tone. “Let us take you, there’s a phone box not far from here.”
girlfriend. But rejection is painful, especially when said rejection has a sprinkling of replacement to a newer, younger, better-looking model.
“A bit like I’m wrapped up in cotton wool. Maybe I should pay Alex a little visit in the future-”
Speediest update I've ever done, go me.
Thank you all who expressed an interest in this!
Somewhat.
The eye darts a look up and down Sherlock’s body and flicks to John and Rachel before the door opens a tad wider, revealing a pale haggard face with deep lines around the eyes and rotting teeth bared in a nasty grin.
“Sherlo’k, non,” Enzo tried to delicately move away.
. It’s a weird thought.
“John.”
“Do people have enemies?” John asks, can’t stop his lip twitching at the familiarity of this conversation.
“Ciao!” and with that, the man is gone.
“Looks like you spent the night here,” the man chuckles softly. “Friends leave you?”
“Goodnight.” John murmured, before heading towards the stairs.
“He’s okay, I’m going to take him home.”
The pile consists of a clean pair of pants and socks, thank god, a white t-shirt that must be Sherlock’s because it’s a little tight, and a pair of jeans. He has no idea who they belong to, as they fit John almost perfectly. John carries his dirty clothes back out into the room with him and dumps them on his pillow.
his friend, but rather that Sherlock would stop preening under his gaze and smiling his ‘John’ smile at someone else.
John forces a laugh. “Do I?”
"I do," Teddy shrugs again. "Apparently." He glances down at the pig carcass with a mildly nauseated look.
“You seem…happy.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll all chip in,” Toby smiles and glances around the table. Evie nods back and the other boy shrugs he doesn’t care.
they haven’t yet solved it what with the fight and all the glass throwing and what not.
lips and feels Sherlock sigh into him.
But when John tells Sherlock he loves him, a great many nights after this one, Sherlock says it back.
Wondering the time, one hand reaches out blindly for his new mobile that is sat on the bedside cabinet, charging. Mycroft handed him a new one that evening without a word, his old one found smashed in an empty cell along with Mycroft's own and Sherlock’s.
“Wha-?” Jules trips over nothing and sends a glare down at the floor.
"What are you doing down here?" John asked. The boy's wide eyes scanned rapidly over John's face and he didn't reply.
“They match now, at least. Look.” He spins fluidly and pads over to John, eyes still wide as if John wouldn’t be able to tell the difference without them being so.
"Not until you tell me why you're so angry!"
Did he scare him? Was it too much? John feels a pang of guilt and closes his eyes. He had pinned Sherlock to a wall and had attacked him. Firstly with his fist, then his mouth. John feels terrible.
“I’ve hurt people for saying less, watch yourself lad.”
“I’m going to take that as a promise,” John says lowly, pointing a finger at him before turning towards the bed. “Think you could sleep?”
“I played clarinet in primary,” John offers. “Wasn’t very good, though.”
John so he can stop with the pretenses. Not that Mycroft from home is
“Oh. I don’t know. Think it happened while I was asleep,” he mutters causally.
“You look-
John quickly rolls onto his side, pretending to still be half-asleep, as Sherlock unlocks the door and swings it open with a feigned yawn.
A muffled groan is the only reply.
Sherlock breaks away from his mouth again, his head falling backwards as he pants into the air, eyes closed and mouth hanging open and John jolts as he looks up into his young face, cheeks flushed, skin smooth.
“He didn’t?” John asks, confused.
John looks back at Toby, pushing back the panic with practiced ease as his military resolve takes over. “No,” he replies shortly, patting at his jeans pockets for his phone. When did he put on jeans? Of course, the phone isnt there. “
Before Sherlock could react other than to clench a fist, a hand had landed on the man’s shoulder from behind and effortlessly spun the burly figure around.
Teddy had looked at John in question.
The first thing Sherlock does when they get home is try to down a pint glass full of water. John lets him gulp down half of it before snatching it out of his hands.
The boy passes a knowing look at the couple before smiling indulgently at John. “Victor. Victor Trevor.” He holds out a tanned hand as John’s heart stops.
Teddy grins over his pint at John, eye’s sparkling. John looks up from his phone screen, mid-way through tapping out a text stating the name of the pub they are currently sitting in.
Once in the living room, John sits back at his laptop with the intent of making a start on a new blog entry about the case of the stabbed old man. Even though,
“1996,” Toby replies looking extremely unsettled. “It’s the 18th of June, 1996, John.”
“But-”
Sherlock had lost sight of John pretty much immediately, the dancing bodies far too dense to make out his small form on the other side of the room. So when a burly man had sauntered over and asked to buy Sherlock a drink, he was confident he would be dealing with the situation solo.
“Still…” Her hand shifts up slightly and she smiles prettily at him. “I really do appreciate it. You're a good man.”
one clearly does. Lingering, intense looks notwithstanding, while an obvious case of evidence in possibly every other human being, Sherlock is different. Always the exception to every social rule. He’s intense with everyone.
“OI! What on earth do you think you’re doing!?”
“Unremarkable, eh?” John clarifies.
“When you say ‘keep an eye on him’, who exactly are we talking about?” John calls after him.
John watches him, he waits for the old anger to bubble up inside of him but it doesn’t appear.
A deep growl escapes John’s throat, a noise he hasn’t heard in a great many years, and he slides his hands down Sherlock’s back, grabs his arse and lifts him up onto the low sink. Sherlock spreads his thighs wider, breath hitching, and John slots between them immediately and
to you?" Sherlock steps forward as he speaks, his voice hypnotising John who steps back against the door.
“I may never recover,” John whispers, staring at Sherlock’s pink tongue as it brushes against his full bottom lip. His long fingers edge across John’s shoulder to the base of his neck, fiddle with the short hair there. It feels nice.
“No.”
when the man had hit the floor and was blinking dazedly up at his hovering form.
John lets out a hiss of frustration, tries it twice more before hanging up in defeat. What the hell? Has Sherlock changed his number without telling him? Doubtful. Maybe Eurus has disconnected his contract or something. He searches his pockets again, finds a twenty pence coin and shoves that in the slot. This time, he enters their old mostly-unused landline number, grateful he had taken the time to memorise it in an odd act of paranoia. He lets out a breath of relief when it starts ringing. After four rings, it’s picked up and feminine voice answers, “Hello?”
“Indeed,” Sherlock replies calmly, rising elegantly from his seat and stretching like a cat. “On that note, it was
wanted to kiss him. Hopes not anyway. Not that it matters now.
“God, you look incredible.”
“Just remembering the time I had that awful flu. Sorry if I woke you.”
"She broke up with you."
The last time he was out at a club had also been with Sherlock, an irony not unrecognised, but they had both felt their age with the unfamiliar pouding music accompanied by pounding headaches. When they had got home, and played that stupid name game, that had been when John had really started to enjoy himself. As much as he claimed the night was a disaster, and really, it had been, John had been rather touched by the gesture of the chosen locations and had been secretly glad Sherlock hadn’t invited anyone else.
John grins at him, blinks when Sherlock bends his right knee up towards his groin and points it to the side in a right angle, grabs the heel of his foot and then straightens his leg upright high above his head.
“No. It’s fine,” John interrupts, stuttering, “I heard what he said. You know, that you hadn’t erm. Yeah you hadn’t been there in-”
Sherlock grabs John’s hand instead and begins dragging him up the stairs.
. And as there is no way John is going to risk his life by writing these rare moments in his blog, he has made a list instead which he looks at when Sherlock has particularly ticked him off. Mainly as a reminder that Sherlock is, in fact, a human being and would be seen as such in court if John murdered him in his sleep.
Feeling a bit out of place and a bit like he’s intruding, John slips out of the kitchen door once more. The sound of music fills the air, along with a triumphant, “Listen to the lyrics of this song, Sherlock, really
I'm so sorry for the disgustingly long delay. I do, actually, have every intention of finishing this story. Even if for my own satisfaction alone. Life has completely caught up with me. I found myself in a very toxic situation that, luckily, I am getting out of in the next few weeks so I am finally positive enough to resume this.
John laughs as Toby wraps his arms around Evie’s waist and spins her around and around on the dance floor until she pulls away looking a little green in the face and stumbles until the man catches her again.
“No, no, stay like that. You look-
It’s not enough, the friction feels
It is with this turmoil that John turned his attention back to the list. Hoping for, looking for, he isn’t sure what.
There was a long pause, before a whisper had drifted to Sherlock through the crack of the door, “Tu me manques, agneau.”
"What are you doing?" Sherlock asked, eyes not leaving the screen.
“No it’s fine, Toby. Thank you. He’ll be alright, I think the worst is over.”
When Sherlock was six, he fell in love.
“Mrs Hudson?” John asks desperately, heart in his throat.
“Very odd,” John comments, taking a gulp of tea to hide the extent of his uneasiness. “Any particular reason she likes to stand over people when they sleep?” He asks lightly.
“It was okay.”
“Sherlock, are you alright!?”
“How far is the station from here?” John follows up, glancing down the street.
Teddy gives him a gentle smile. “Three weeks. I’m not really needed to be honest, what with them already having so many convictions, but better to be sure, eh?”
But John won’t. He can’t. And it kills him.
“I don’t know what happened last night, but you need to make it right.” His voice is low and angry. “I understand Sherlock can be difficult, but whatever he did, he didn’t deserve that.” He indicates to his own cheek and John grimaces.
And for the fourth time Sherlock answers with a cryptic, "You'll see."
go to the loo or if he fled to his room. He only has to ponder for a second, when he hears the tell-tell sound of a toilet flushing to his left and then the sound of running water.
“Well, let me finish!” Sherlock breathed angrily.
John patted Sherlock’s shoulder when he passed him a cup of tea, he ruffled his hair when he was sulking on the sofa, he squeezed the back of Sherlock’s neck when he was sat hunched over his microscope.
Victor ignores him, sitting up fully and reaching for the half-filled mug. He takes two sips before he registers the mess on the table and scowls suspiciously at Sherlock.
The slam of the front door of 221b causes the whole flat to tremble in protest, but John pays it no mind as he stomps up the stairs into the flat, ignoring Mrs Hudson's yell of
“Sounds good,” John nods back at Victor.
“Oi!” John jerks his leg away as a shot of sharp pain radiates up his thigh. He turns to scowl at Sherlock, who gives him a rather vindictive look and flips his hair as he turns away once more. John can’t suppress a grin. “Little shit,” he murmurs. He spots Sherlock’s answering smirk in the reflection of the glass.
kid?” John looks at Sherlock, “Alright, fine. You can fertilise Mary’s egg this time, but don’t go blaming me when they turn out to be a wanted murderer one day.”
“There are some very nice people in London,” Jim nods, then stuffs the cookie in his mouth. Irene sneaks over and snaps some of the still exposed cookie off, and starts eating it.
made tea. You didn’t even know how to even turn the kettle off!” Irene corrects him, taking the last of her toast. She stuffs it into her mouth, and then puts on her own jacket.
“A dominatrix and extortionist,” Sherlock explains simply.
“Where are we going?” John asks. A small hand clutches onto John’s, and he grips it, helping Jim keep up.
napped,” Zack says lazily.
“Yes,” snaps John.
“Oh,” says Sherlock, “well I don’t suppose you’ll need to go buy food now, will you, Lestrade?” Sherlock pats Lestrade on the shoulder, then starts walking home again, investigating the new shoe. John runs up to him and pulls him away.
,” Jim says, “oh yeah and I found Alex’s dad. He’s alive.”
Present day
“Hey, that’s mine!” Jim complains, though it sort of sounds more like, “hhh, tht’s moin” through his mouthful of cookie.
Present day
“Aww, but you always get the cool stuff!” Jim exclaims.
＊ ＊ ＊
“Your dad and I have to go and investigate a case, alright? Mrs Hudson will be over soon to look after you,” John explains, putting on a scarf.
“Daddy, Jim stole my forensic science kit!” Irene complains.
“What?” says Jim and John at the same time. Jim looks at Irene nervously. Irene looks back, her look unwavering and expressionless, but the two siblings can read each other better than anyone else. Even Sherlock.
“No, Sherlock. We’re not, okay?” John asserts, “we can go over with them or the police can go, but we can’t send them off on their own.” Sherlock looks at his kids one more time, who glance at each other nervously, but then he agrees, and they head off to Piccadilly Circus.
Eleven years ago
you find in Dad’s room?” Jim asks, as they stare at the front door, waiting for Mrs Hudson.
“Aren’t you going to try and do it? Won’t that be more fun?” Irene A says, giving Sherlock some kind of puppy eyes.
“Not anymore,” Irene winks and then takes another bite out of it. She looks at Sherlock, “so, where are we going now, Dad?”
They walk through the acres of Hyde Park, looking for any evidence.
forensic science kit!” Irene yells, grabbing the box off Jim.
“You really are very slow, Lestrade. Obviously there’ll be another one. Why else would they leave a random shoe lying around?”
“He can’t be doing that, right? Did Irene do something?” John asks, eyebrows raised in worry.
＊ ＊ ＊
“Well, obviously, I’m smarter than you!” says Irene, quickly putting her kit away. That’s when John walks into their room.
“Alright, let’s go,” Sherlock puts on his jacket and grabs the shoe again.
Irene sits down at the table and continues to watch Jim make tea, “Jim, what did
“Erm why?” John asks, grabbing the keys to the house.
“Mr Huckabee, please leave,” Sherlock groans. John steps towards Zack, who takes a step back.
“No, thanks.”
“That’s right,” says Irene A, slightly suspicious.
“Well I still have my job, my boring blog, and now a really frustrating friendship with a former patient who happens to be the most brilliant man I know even with missing half of his life.” John says looking up finally and meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
“I should but I can’t. You have a website, you earn money that way. Private consulting.” Greg says his head dropping in embarrassment.
“Really John,
“Sorry just processing the fact that someone has a file on their own brother.” John says picking the folder up,keeping it closed.
“They’ll know, they’ll know” I pull Sherlock off the concrete and hug him close. The man is still shaking a bit, “Do you want anything, water, tea, coffee?”
“No, no, it is very good. You did say you heard me, I just didn’t think you’d remember what I said” I say pulling him close.
“You thought I wouldn’t?” John says with a grin.
“Yes?”
Sherlock looks at John as if he has forgotten he was there.  “No, I.” he begins stepping off of the couch and putting the envelope on the table. John watches Sherlock’s eyes dart around the room and finally settle in a vague area around John’s knees.
The dog in question was shivering on its side at their feet. The bloody fucking dog.
“No trouble there Mr. Holmes. I always maintain professional conduct and not that it is any of your business, but I have a girlfriend.” John says standing as tall as he can.
“Will you?  Can you also call me and let me know where you will be sending him.”
John eyed Sherlock and realized with a huff of laughter, “You somehow figured out where I eat on a regular basis and came looking for me, didn’t you?”
“Please again in your own words. Saying again might, assist with remembering” Evans asks thumbing through his tablet.
“Ok, he’s restrained and his vitals are stable.” John checks the eeg tape again to see where his patient’s brain function was at this point. He looked like he was just in a deep restful sleep, “hopefully when he wakes up again it will be for longer. Please alert me if anything changes.”
Several days later finds John sleepily opening the door to his flat.  The day had been long and mind numbing. Too much paperwork, too many stupid weekend injuries.
“Sherlock, let me, please?” John asks pulling the man out of the debris and then pushing him in the direction of the low couch.
“How’d you even…? Just, I have no idea.” John splutters. He was used to Sherlock basically reading his mind, he didn’t think his brother could as well.
“Yyyyyou were shot from behind leaning over someone!” Sherlock stutter shouts.
“Thank you. Mycroft, I’m sure I’ll be back round to collect my things.” Sherlock tries confidently.
“I have a job Sherlock.” John exhales sadly.d
“Sherlock!” I shout. We had discussed in detail that he wouldn’t deduce the poor girl out loud.
share the results with me as soon as you have them, and notify me of my brother’s status. Gregory, this is none of your concern go home and take your team with you. You and I will talk of this when I no longer want to end your existance on this earth” Mycroft Holmes scowls at the other man. John takes several steps back as the gray haired man jumps from his chair and leans menacingly towards Sherlock’s brother.
I sigh and open the door. Mycroft could never call like a normal person too busy running England to be bothered by or pretending with social niceties.
“John I love you very much. I hope you know that because...I don’t always tell you that...you’ll remind me to tell them right?” he asks looking up under his wild curls.
This texting thing is much preferable to awkward conversations SH
“Right cause you had to prove you’re clever. In all honesty might have known from the moment we met, but I still can’t read your mind.” I state helplessly wondering why he won’t look at me.
“John Watson...shouldn’t...shhhouldn’t you beee.. home with herrrrr” I slur
“I didn’t.” he finally says.
“What?! That can’t possibly be what that says.” Sherlock squawks.
“Sherlock dear do you remember this? You got it after you helped that orphanage.” Mrs. Hudson holds out a crystal bee figurine to him. Sherlock merely shakes his head without a word.  He had moved behind the red chair and is gripping the top of it tightly.
“You know how they never leave notes?”
“Bad news for bad people.” Angelo nods.
“Well that’s unfortunate to picture in my head at this moment.” John mutters with a shake of his head.
“John can’t it wait?! I have something to watch down here.”
“Starving”
Dust motes fly into the dim air, only lit by the few rays of light from the windows.  Sherlock immediately stomps towards the windows and fling open the drapes.  John glances around quickly looking for lamps or overhead lighting to better see the home of Sherlock Holmes.  Finding only one odd lamp he flicks it on and looks up to see a large display of tacked up display of pictures, articles, and odd notes tacked directly on a wall next to a large skull painting.  He turns in the direction that he thinks Sherlock is in, finding him hunched over a desk with a computer open.
“Well..then...look at us two, you risk your life to prove you’re clever.” John finally says.
“And you invaded Afghanistan.” Sherlock smiles.
“I asked you to marry me because if you or our children were ever hospitalized and medical decisions needed to be made I need to be able to be there with you and them without question. Although not entirely a sentimental decision, I did it more out of practicality and a selfish need to make our lives easier” he says with a clap of his hands.
Sherlock had shifted at this and murmured, “How did you know there was two of them?”
Oh god.
“He’s gone,” John interrupts lowly, dropping his hand and staring at the empty window.
John doesn't, but he picks up his coat from the floor anyway.
John knows, logically, that Sherlock’s drug-induced mind probably didn’t even notice the change of bodies, probably didn’t even know who he was grinding up against in the beginning anyway. “
Thankfully the man releases him a second later, holding him at arm's length and casting an eye down John’s body.
Sherlock’s eyes are wide, his mouth panting hot breath over his face as his hands reach down to grab at John’s arse again, encouraging him to move faster.
John quirks a smile at the memory, looks back at Sherlock’s expectant face. The other man smiles tentatively and
Sherlock catches up with him a second later, dragging a spluttering Victor by the arm.
Victor had giggled, said that boys couldn’t love other boys and that he was silly.
John thinks.
“Not far,” Toby begins. “But you won’t be getting to London tonight.”
Sherlock pauses for a moment, arms dangling down in the air between them.
"What fish?" John yawned.
“I think you need to get to a hospital,” the girl replies firmly.
John pushes up the fabric of Sherlock’s top, pawing at the soft skin of his back and he can’t believe it’s taken so long for them to do this why haven't they done this before why didn’t he
“Stop talki-” Sherlock begins in a hiss.
He gives John a meaningful look and, not for the first time, John wonders at what exactly transpired between the two men in Sherlock’s room the day before.
"I needed to make sure you got the right brand of tea."
“Turns out, the young sullen man had recently broken up with his boyfriend.”
John frowned, vaguely remembering seeing a, what he had thought empty, fish bowl indeed on top of the microwave before they had left that morning but had actively disregarded it. "There was a fish in that?" He backtracked. "You called it Dennis?"
“Morning sickness? You’re still only about 14 weeks along correct. Shouldn’t you be feeling better?” Sherlock blurts
“I am, I did try and find you here. My face must be on some mass email and posted. I was quite out of control.” Sherlock shrugs, his cheeks pinking.
I expected this since Mycroft begged me not to bring him in today. I should have listened so I took a deep breath, made a reservation for somewhere to stay and then continued with my day, until I got this at the end of my shift.” Greg shoves his phone in John’s face.
It was the officer that was involved with Sherlock’s brother.  The man looked like he was celebrating something with a bunch of friends.  When two men’s eyes met the officer waved him over and John reluctantly hobbled over to him.
When he had decided to propose, he bought a modestly priced ring, made reservations, tailored a suit, and wrote out a speech.  When Mary had gone to the loo he ordered any sort of carbonated wine beverage that he thought might impress her, not paying any attention to the French accented waiter.
Outside:
“Hello there, Margaret,  that is a lovely cardigan, compliment’s your eyes.  I was just wondering if you could locate my doctor. I had a question only he could answer” Sherlock says with a wink and saccharine smile.
“Today?” I ask with a shake of my head.
“There. I feel much better. John...tell me it will be ok again.” Sherlock says clutching at my elbows his head bowed onto my shoulder. I am having my own panic rising take a breath for the man before me and say as confidently as possible,
Come visit on me on Tumblr, I reblog a lot of fan art, Benedict Cumberbatch, and fic recs.
“Well since that is agreed, here we are” John says gesturing into Sherlock’s room.
“You’re not eating?”
“As I told Doctor Watson, I was on the way to a chemistry exam. I think, I think I might have been with someone. MY GOD THIS IS INTOLERABLE!” Sherlock shouts pulling at what is left of his dark curls.
John can only stare back at Gregory and gulp down his drink. Yes he was bisexual but was Greg flirting with him on Sherlock’s behalf? When Sherlock remembered his life, he’d never be interested in John.
“Do you recall that I told you once that Sherlock wanted to be a pirate?”
“No.” John says.
Sherlock’s visit had shaken him to the core. Sherlock Holmes was having issues that he didn’t want to share with his therapist or doctor.  Sherlock was depressed and lonely and John only pushed him away. John hated himself and Mycroft Holmes even more. John didn’t want to hurt Sherlock anymore. John found himself at his favorite pub tucked into a corner. He wanted to forget his feelings for Sherlock, distance himself after the breakdown today at the hospital. He tried to forget the softness of Sherlock’s growing in hair at the back of his neck, or how thin he still was, forget the all encompassing feeling of regret he felt after Sherlock said he would never forget him.  He’d have to try and disappear, find a new place to live, a new job, anything because trying to keep himself away from Sherlock or trying to stop thinking about him was not working out at all. He would definitely have to break it off with Sarah at the very least, as soon as he was significantly under the influence. She was noticing the distance and she deserved better than what John was giving to her.  He tried to distract himself with some match on the television when a familiar face caught his eye.
“Sure as I know every element in the periodic table by heart, sure as I know that Mycroft will never be thin, sure as I know that I love you.  I know it will not be easy, I know it is frightening, but doing it with you is the surest thing I know. It has always been you that has made me sure of everything.” Sherlock murmurs slowly a tear escapes his eyes.
“I know John...you would have waited til death for me but you couldn’t do it alone...you needed someone even if it wasn’t what you really wanted.”
“Yes John. How are you feeling today?”
“Still with me?”
“Are you sure?” he asks so so much desperation, something breaks in John’s heart.
John jumps slightly and replies  “Running joke sir. I found him wandering down by the nurses station chatting up Margaret. I checked his chart and noticed he should be out of bed for extended periods and escorted him back.”
“Ah of course. You’re only,” Sherlock takes a look at his watch, “10 minutes late. You must be slipping”
“Because you said you didn’t love me.” John interrupts. I freeze mid sip of my now cold tea, knowing this was a moment that would end our friendship, that would end the Sherlock Holmes & John Watson partnership, it would end it all. “Sherlock?” John says closing in on me and poking me in the chest.
“I should go home, Sherlock’s orders” John says standing and extending his hand to shake Greg’s.  Greg hands him a card.
“Sherlock, if you promise to really really listen this time and not dismiss it as just worrying too much , I’ll tell you about the elephants and you can have a good laugh”
“John, it’s not the first time she’s had to scrub mysterious substances out of the carpet.  I’ll find some rooms for us. Eat John.” Sherlock commands.
“Apparently my brother has become quite attached to you. I do not entirely disapprove.” Mycroft smiles weakly then continues, “So will my brother be spending another night on your couch? Making you toast?”
“Why are you dressed like that?”
“Sherlock, No” I say stopping in the middle of the walk, “We are not talking about this right now. I am tired, I am hungry, and I would very much like to get back home so that I can have a drink. So please do not dissect my feelings about this. Some other time when we’ve both had some sleep and we aren’t distracted because we have case going” I  turn on my heel and briskly walk in the direction of our flat.
“Completely” John says with a nod.
Those three words were all it took to know that this man would be the beginning or the end of him. One he would gladly accept.
“Sherlock” is all John says before he pulls Sherlock to him by the back of his head. Their lips meeting softly.
“You’re not fine. Go to sleep Sherlock. I’ll be out there” John mumbles patting me on the hip.
“Yes” I sigh
“We have to get your core warm Sherlock before you go into shock. I’m going to pull this on over your legs and then you’re going to sit on my lap. If you make one more ill-advised quip, I will make you call and tell your mother.” John says getting them both situated on a snowless part of the grass.
“Not really. The mind is too complex to even try and guess what a person will or will not remember.” John grins.
The ferocious hatred of the holiday began during his first year of university, his first serious girlfriend. She had written in the snow, mentioned in closing of emails, I Love You. He was shocked at first, but when he took the time to think about it, he realized that he loved her too, why not tell her on Valentine’s Day. When he confessed the same in a lengthy and thoughtful letter all those years ago, she was surprisingly stunned and begged him to give her time to respond. So being the good boyfriend he thought he was, he gave her time and space. Several days later when he saw her across a courtyard,  she waved him close then pulled him into a dark corner.  There she told him that she wasn’t ready for that level of commitment, and that she was in fact cheating on him. She had felt that she loved him in those stupid simple moments.  It made no sense, and John emotionally died that day.   On that day John decided he would never tell anyone that he loved him or her unless the other said it first.  He also did everything in his power to avoid celebrating it if he had a partner.  Several of his relationships had even ended because John’s avoidance of Valentine’s Day.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jawnnn. Whhaaat?” I huff as he throws me down on the bed.
“You love me?” John blinks quickly.
“If you can behave yourself I was going to ask you to be our witness” I grumble.
“What is going on Sherlock you’ve been more than intolerant of me all damn day. Did I do something offensive to you to be so angry
“You wanted me to do research; I’m doing research. Fascinating stuff there about nipple cream” Sherlock scowls.
“Also I have things if you want to box anything up, you know if all of this,” John gestures towards the books and papers piled everywhere, “is upsetting for you.
“See there is a bit of you I’ve missed. The sarcasm and the petulant sigh. Mycroft and I are eager to have you at home.”
“No I think that is more about how you feel.  Sherlock, who calls a man who has had a serious head injury and significant memory loss a freak and a sociopath?” John asks disbelieving
“You as well Doctor Watson” Sherlock says quietly.
“Sorry, Greg, you know memory issues.” Sherlock smirks gesturing to his head, “Thank you for visiting and helping me fill in some of my gaps. Mycroft has been reluctant.”
“Doctor Watson” a voice demands from behind him.
“You’re afraid” Sherlock murmurs
“John is no longer afraid of Mycroft, and Mycroft has finally realized that an ex-army doctor that enjoys your company, might just be good for you. Be John’s friend or whatever you want to be with him.  Sherlock, just you know...tell me when you are going to visit him” Greg grumbles.
“You would have reached the same conclusion with a bit more time, I am sure.” John says grabbing gathering the remnants of his meal in a pile for disposal.
It had been a normal Tuesday, boring, bland, non stressful. No one was recovering from the weekend binge, nobody faking sickness to avoid work, boring, quiet, dull. The sands of Afghanistan were terribly tempting in the quiet hours of a London Tuesday, but the moment of the round exploding in a shoulder, the festering infection, the loneliness of an orphaned son creeps in.
“Not that I can recall, no.” Sherlock narrows his eyes at John.
“How is your head? You worried me there for a minute Sherlock” Lestrade says grimacing.
“What?!”
“Sherlock I can see you are agitated not only by the fact you will not be returning to your flat, but that Gregory has told you about our relationship, which I had specifically asked him not to mention until we were together.” Mycroft says with a pointed scowl at his partner and walking away from John.
“GOOOO...hoooommmmmeee. I groan” and drift to sleep.
“Just go.” John says dropping down on a knee next to Sherlock and watches them go.
“Well, you do surprise me on occasion,” Sherlock smirks and pulls out a key and opens the door quietly, “shall we?”
I tip his chin up to look at me and he bites his lip, “Let’s go” he sighs.
John stares at the file. He snatches up angrily and shoves it in a desk drawer underneath pharmaceutical pamphlets and samples. He couldn’t bear to shred it, something niggled in the back of his brain, shouting at him to read the file.
“But..but..the down payment...we have very little saved...and we need the money for the adoption … Sherlock this won’t work!” I flail looking around at the fabulous place we were standing in. It was light and airy and had a basement for Sherlock’s experiments. It was perfect and I could see us running around after children in the garden and up and down the stairs.
The girl bites her lip and fidgets nervously weighing what she should say next.
“Well now I can’t leave you to take care of our dog. Can’t let Roberts down now can I?”
“So I might still have a job if I were to say, text Sherlock at some point? Asking how he is?”
He had to go back to a bedsit.
I quietly work and manage to get the crib into some semblance of a bed shape when the lullaby is about to begin.
“The teacher’s male student lover”
We were walking back from the morgue and had picked up food on the way. Cutting through Regent’s park was a bad idea for it was always filled with families and happy children.
“Sherlock..Greg and Mycroft called me….are you alright?” John huffs
“Good, sense of humor still there. I’m Doctor John Watson, I’ve restrained you because you got a bit violent there the last time..  I’ll undo them if you promise to keep the furniture where it belongs” John smiles as he watches for a response.
“What?! You and Mycroft!, isn’t my brother too old for a flatmate?” Sherlock scowls and bats John’s hand away from the sensor on the side of his head that he is trying to remove. John chuckles and tilts his head in waiting for Lestrade’s explanation. John smirks in realization of where this is going.
“We’ve got better meds than that now. It will grow back don’t worry. Now a couple more questions” John presses on.
“A couple of days. They’ve changed my doctor. I’m not happy about it but, I appear to have no control over my own health or happiness. I wonder when I started liking Indian food, well anything is better than the swill that is served to the recovering” Sherlock states nervously.
“Right, you’re always right.” against my brow and pulls away to her room for the bag.  I finish the tea and head towards the front door. Sherlock appears next to me and I hand him his mug and we exit to the street and make our way to the busier street for a cab.
“Ahh Sherlock, some things never change, having a tantrum I see”
“I will probably worry regardless of your excuses.”
“It will be better for my brother to be under Gregory and I’s supervision. Also I worry about all of those steps in his building, would be catastrophic if he were to take a tumble down those stairs. Doctor Watson when will my brother be released?” Mycroft states finally looking at John.
“Don’t you think I know that?! What the hell do you expect me to do? You’re boyfriend wants me fired if I even sneeze in Sherlock’s general direction. I can’t do this, I need to investigate reenlisting.” John sighs wearily.
John can’t help the relieved laugh that comes out of his mouth. He rubs his face and watches frantic Sherlock pace across the small room.
“He came to see me Greg. I didn’t contact him, please don’t tell Mycroft.” John states nervously forgetting his brave resolve of earlier.
“Ahh Mrs. Hudson, yes got everything cleaned up.  I hate to bother you but, uhm, I wanted to get some things for packing and what not. I don’t want Sherlock to wake up and find himself alone. Could you go up for a bit? Shouldn’t be more than thirty minutes.” John says giving his best smile.
“There is an event that happened on the night Sherlock recalls as his last memory. Something that I could not prevent and it changed my brother’s whole outlook on trust and people. If you want to know more you should read this file and save yourself the trouble of getting involved with my brother.” Mycroft juts his chin and scowls at the smug doctor.
“Where and when I’ll be there. My head’s still trying to reconcile it all but I’ll be there without a smirk on my face.” Greg says extending his hand.
“Greg listen very carefully. We consider you a friend and the way you are talking about Sherlock is really starting to make me angry. Yes we are planning on adopting at least one child maybe more.  It is a decision we made together and Sherlock will be a great father. So I don’t care what you think as long as you keep it to yourself.” I growl into his ear.
“If you would feel better sleeping on my couch and wouldn’t mind me possibly waking you up at 5:30 in the morning I don’t see why you couldn’t be my guest for the night.”
momentum.
“Did the two of you have a dog growing up? I don’t see the two of you as pet people but your brother nearly killed himself saving one from a frozen pond.” John asks preparing for the dismissive response.
“I meant it,” John stands and extends a hand to Sherlock, “why don’t you either sit or lie down, I’ll clean this up a bit and we’ll see where the day takes us, hm?”
“You’re brother mentioned that you have been clean for six months. We ran a blood panel to confirm, and we will try to steer clear of opiates. Now do you feel any pain anywhere else, your back, joints?” John asks taking a note of Sherlock’s body language.
“The dead don’t talk back do the? Thank you Molly, your kindness reassures me that I’ve not become a complete monster in the time that I have missed. I’m not am I?” Sherlock asks.
“Forgetting about me Doctor Watson?” Sherlock murmurs with a wave of his hands.
John and Sherlock realize that they need each other.
Shit buggery fuck. That would be all that he would need Sherlock showing up on his doorstep. Some of the highlights that amused or concerned John.
“Sherlock, please wait. How are you feeling right now?” John says holding a palm up to protest Sherlock’s leaving.
Mycroft gave one last disparaging look to Dr. John Watson. He knew that the doctor was a good man, who sacrificed his body and safety in Afghanistan, who had an excellent service record, and was a well liked physician. His concerns regarding his brother were based in the events that Sherlock had erased those nineteen years ago. John’s kindness and connection to his brother would only hurt his brother in the long run, when Sherlock remembered who he truly was and how the drug use had started.  Mycroft wouldn’t really end the poor man’s career, he knew his threat would be enough.  His brother would be angry with his interference, but Sherlock would just have to endure disappointment.  Taking a deep breath Mycroft entered his brother’s room.
“Sing it for me.” he smiles at me.
“Uh well. That is to say, this was so much easier a year ago when we did it together” Greg says rubbing his eyes.
“Gods sake Sherlock this isn’t treating me to dinner, this is a house. A lot of bloody money….why….why didn’t you tell me about this sooner?”
John can only laugh at scowl of confusion on Sherlock’s face, but he continues. “Here’s another
“He came to see you.” Mycroft began.
“I am I am” I gasp nervously putting on a gray t-shirt and heading to the bathroom to brush my teeth. I nearly plow into the whirling dervish that is Sherlock.
“Just watch. Don’t come out.” turning to Angelo, “Angelo, if you would just toss me out.”
“Haven’t you ever done that? Added
“Fine great..come on in!!” he bellows. I side eye Sherlock and notice my husband is biting his lip and clasping his hands.
Sherlock was intrigued by the doctor in charge of his care. He was always smiling, yet Sherlock could see the pain and embarrassment over his limping. His doctor always changed the subject when he would be at a loss about a time period that he had forgotten or a name he should have known. Doctor Watson was alway gentle in his touch and in his corrections about who was part of the royal family at the time.  His doctor was the only person who didn’t get annoyed or angry when he didn’t know someone or something. He looked forward to his visits, a calm in the storm.
spare me the unnecessary details and tell me his prognosis”
“Thank you” Sherlock murmurs and leans down for quick kiss, “Good morning.”
Valentine’s Day
“John I’m...I… I’m not a nice person. I’ve hurt people I…” Sherlock mumbles.  John takes in his former patient with concern. He recognizes the signs of a panic attack and immediately switches into doctor mode.
Of course Sherlock knew it was him, he could barely get away with eating the cookies Sherlock liked without him knowing, killing someone must have been written all over his face.
“Issh should text him.” John slurs a bit.
“Promise me something Sherlock.” he whispers quietly.
“Well I knew from the moment I was fully conscious that you found me attractive.” Sherlock pulls back with a sly smile.
John just watches as Sherlock pulls on his jacket and is almost out the door before he turns, “This is my way of saying I need you too.” with a wink and out the door.
“Something like that” Sherlock smirks at me.
Awkward was the simplest way to describe how John and Sherlock revolved around each other after the confessions on the train, the cruel manipulation Sherlock felt the need to put in play. Yes they  had laughed about it, but it still hurt.
John does that and realizes the ‘Sherlock Holmes problem’ was worse now that they each others’ numbers.  He thought about making an appointment with his therapist, but he knew that it would be a fruitless endeavor talking to her about his former patient since she would inevitably turn the conversation towards his nightmares, his PTSD and he would be passive aggressive and leave feeling worse.
John opens the folder and begins to read. Early thirties, mother, wife, healthy despite having asthma. She was an avid swimmer. Had a somewhat happy marriage. She and her husband were going through couples therapy.
I can't get to a good head space since April to continue this story in a timely manner.
“Sherlock I can’t breathe. It hurts so much. I don’t know if I can do this again… I….just….can’t” I sob with a toss of my hands. I watch his face and watch him calculate what to say.
“Yeah. I have to see if you are truly banned or not. I did sort of forget to escort you out”
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson, I’ll let you know if we need anything else.” John says hands hovering over Sherlock’s shoulders, afraid to touch him yet. He doesn’t look back as she leaves and closes the door.
“I told you.” John states watching Sherlock closly.
“WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!” Mycroft shouts at the two men.
“You’re my friend aren’t you?” Sherlock asks fiddling with the blanket.
“Thank you for your apology Mycroft. But don’t you see? He is completely distraught that he can’t remember his life! He wants to know what his life has become, even if it was terrible.  Why would you deny something that is so inherently necessary to ones being, to know who they are?  Did you see your brother yesterday?  He wants to be back in his own home. We’ve boxed things up that he found unnecessary. He’s doing well with the work he does with Gregory, which I am sure he has shared with you. If he remembers his life, I think he would be happier and better at everything.” John emphatically states, returning Mycroft’s glare.
“Here’s my info if you want anyone to vent over Sherlock and his quirks. The Holmes brothers are a tricky lot.”
For a moment Sherlock’s eyes blink rapidly and John can’t help rapid swallowing he is doing.
“Thank you John. Tomorrow?” Sherlock asks quietly stopping mid stride.
“Yes because we weren’t on a date.” John says exasperated. With a pause that could have enclosed an entire conversation if it was judge by the shift in Sherlock’s shoulders.
I just want to give a heads up to those that are subscribing and reading this fic. The rating probably won't go above "teen and up" it might go "mature" if I am brave enough but really don't get your hopes up. I don't want to write bad porn, so I don't even attempt it with any confidence. See more in my profile.
who had this idea / head canon and to whom I've gifted this to and worked hard to please.
“Of course dear. He’s not doing so well is he?” Mrs. Hudson sighs.
one more time I swear to god I will kill them both.” Sherlock says with a sweep of his arms
“You are my brother. I do care for your well being. I overreacted.”
John thought of the file, still unopened since receiving it.  He had a feeling that inside would be all the terrible things Sherlock had done to his body when he was using.  The physical things that drugs did to a body were easier to think about than the the things that Sherlock might have done when on them or to get them.  What had happened to a nineteen year old Sherlock that made him unfriendly, and antisocial? Sherlock wasn’t the same person he was  before losing his memory, he was the person that John was fascinated by not the drug user.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not the one who hasn’t eaten anything all day.
“Doctor, he bypassed several levels of security before we found him. He is a possible danger to everyone!” one of the guards grumbles with effort to hold onto Sherlock.
Sherlock finally wakes up and John is immediately fascinated by the man.
“How is the staff treating you?” Mycroft asks raising an eyebrow.
“How do you feel this morning Sherlock” John grumbles. I can’t answer him.
“Thanks, If you need something, call me.” John says grabbing the mug and a piece of toast.
“GET AWAY FROM ME!” a shout echoed down the corridor.
John went on with his day considering Sherlock’s offer. They were friends first weren’t they? Oh how he wanted, how he wanted to be with Sherlock, but he couldn’t get past the doubt that what Sherlock felt for him was anything more than need of a friend and doctor. The guilt and hesitation that clawed at John’s throat was suffocating. It was doing quite a number on his mental state.
“Dr. Watson I am quite aware that my brother has been quite unhappy when you were removed as his doctor. After yesterday I have come to the conclusion that you are not as harmful as I first assessed. I worry though that the same cannot be said of my brother.”
“I don’t think you truly do. You were right, I don’t want Sherlock to remember. I don’t want him to remember what happened to him, the betrayal that caused him to sever connections to other people.  I don’t want him to remember that he smoked several packs of cigarettes a day, I don’t want him to remember that I had to haul him out of many different seedy flats amongst other strung out addicts. I do not want my brother to realize that he is lonely.  I keep wanting to protect my brother no matter how tedious it may be. If it is wrong to want to protect him, I am very, very wrong.” Mycroft declares in one long breath. His eyes never leave John’s.
“Maybe just a posh part-time model?” John asks.
“I had a wife so there’s that.” Greg winks at John.
“Promise you won’t cast me aside the moment you begin remembering your life.” John pleads with his eyes closed. He is aware how needy he sounds, but after holding back for so long he can’t help but feel vulnerable.
“No need for thank you, we both want this. We’re doing it together. ” Sherlock says closing the distance again and kissing me softly, “So ready for breakfast?, I’m in a celebratory mood”
“Sherlock you have to look at this from my perspective, you are brilliant and attractive and…” he is stopped by Sherlock putting a hand over his mouth.
John shifts to sit at the nurses station, a flush at his ears everytime he has to rest his leg. The nurses never comment, they just shift their things wordlessly and let him. The kind, quiet man is one of their favorite doctors they work with, they want to keep him happy. He’s reading through the admission paperwork to determine what brought the man with the head injury, half a squad of yarders, and the overly dressed brother. His patient is currently in imaging receiving not only a head CT but a MRI as well.
“I guess we won’t be needing two bedrooms now?” John stands and straightens his jacket.
“Do you pay me?” Sherlock blurts.
“I could help John. I’m quite eager for nieces or nephews. Children are fascinating creatures” he spits back.
“It would be easier on you both. Unwanted, healthy, babies are scarce in the United Kingdom, I would hate the discouragement to break the two of you down.  I know Sherlock can be...insufferable when he doesn’t get what he wants when he wants it”
John blinks rapidly and turns over every single exchange with Sherlock Holmes and realizes that he not only attracted to him, but would like to pursue something with him. His brother is right, he shouldn’t be Sherlock’s doctor anymore. Could he keep himself away from him, sure he could. Does he want to, absolutely not.
“It is down to a dull ache, and itchy stitches.  So, please tell me how I know you. I’ve managed to delete almost everything over the last 19 years and since you are my first visitor other than my brother since I’ve been admitted, I’m going to guess that you are a friend. Please, I beg of you, tell me about my life.”
“What has he done now John?” was his greeting.
“We will I promise.” I nod and get out and open the door to 221 b. All I wanted right now was Sherlock and sleep. It was a long day and I hoped my object of affection wasn’t spoiling for a fight.
“I don’t need a roommate Mycroft.”
“Sorry put this damn thing on me then” I say
John nods and smiles at Sherlock before he leaves to join the other Holmes in the hallway.
“Despite what the good Doctor Watson believes, Sherlock as you know from the obvious scars you have a history of intravenous drug use that you are clean of for only six months. Despite the fact that I have had your flat checked I worry about a relapse.  Gregory and I are all you have as far as a support system at this juncture. I do not trust anyone that I would hire to look after you, and my partner and I will not submit to life in that hovel you call a flat. Until I feel you are well enough to not harm yourself, I will not consider letting you live on your own” Mycroft scowls at his brother.
“The potential loss of my brother was more than I could bear. I think I can treat him with kindness since he is probably in quite a lot of pain, for a recovering opiate addict.”
“Well, uherm, your brother is going through several diagnostic tests. He’s yet to regain full consciousness.” the brother raises his hand to stop the nervous doctor.
“I did say I wanted your happiness, and if talking to John Watson makes you happy, I and your brother are more than happy to see you be friends.”
“I was paged” a rather frazzled looking John Watson approaches the desk, “I don’t have any patients on this floor anymore” he is completely oblivious to Sherlock who has draped himself over the counter of the nurses station.
to the end of fortune cookies?,” John says with a tilt of his head, “It works almost every time.”
Sherlock’s eyes shoot in my direction.
“Sherlock?” he calls as he reaches the open door...oops. His eyes are wild and he looks upset.
John stares at Sherlock in disbelief.
“Mate...hmm...can  you hear me?” John asks rubbing his knuckles over the man’s sternum hoping to rouse him with a pain response.  There is nothing. His heartbeat is slow but regular, breaths sluggish. John tries again the pressure on the man’s sternum harder. “Come on…” he mutters and a labored gasp emits from the man.
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens.” Greg states slightly out of breath completely ignoring John who is watching with interest.
“You can’t deduce it? See it in the organization of my closet?” John huffs clenching both of his fists and shifting uncomfortably.
“Which bores you to tears.”
“John! What is it?” fingers on my arm chin on my shoulder.
“I was just congratulating John here on your impending nuptials” Greg grins at Sherlock
Sherlock was not the only person that Mycroft apologized to on that day.   He opened the door to John’s office without knocking.
“He’s currently somewhere out of the country for an unknown amount of time. Lestrade is easier to distract now that all I have to do is tell him I’m with you and he just nods.  He’s not very good at figuring out when I lie.” Sherlock smiles proudly.
“For someone who doesn’t bother, Sherlock appears very attached to me for some reason, 44 texts in a four day period. Seeking me out.” John states sitting back in his chair, revelling in his small triumph.
“Who was it then?”
“I was going to say you looked wonderful. Weird but wonderful...dare I say cuddly?” I smirk at him as I walk towards him reaching for softness of the sweater.  Sherlock bats my hands away with a show of teeth.
“Where?” Sherlock asks without pause.
“Not quite Sherlock.” John says taking another bite of pizza to hide his embarrassment.
“John” Sherlock says grabbing my wrist and pulling me back down to my chair. His eyes are watery and desperate.
When Sherlock revealed himself John slammed his fist, gripped his friend’s throat, head butted his friend’s face, bloodied his nose. He thought that he was done with him.
“Sherlock Holmes…..you….you...stop this...I hate Valentine’s Day….so much…because I ….with you...it hurts so much…...” he stops hangs his head and turns away, grabbing his coat and is down the stairs. There it is. Gone again.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
“Sherlock? what’s going on. Sit please.” John says quietly and sitting Sherlock down on the edge of the bed.
“Oh I don’t know. I think that’s quite nice actually. Wanting to be with your family. See, still sentimental” I say walking out the door into the noisy hallway not caring at all.
“Here you go” I say holding out the bottle.
“But marriage John? is it an experiment?” he asks
“It’s good to see you’re feeling better. Sherlock, thank you for saying those nice things. I have some deformed pancreases for you whenever you’re up for experimenting again” Molly mumbles and turns out of the room.
“The dog. Take him to to. Vett. I’mmm fffiine” Sherlock says as the medics pull him off of John and blankets are thrown over shoulders.  John blinks helplessly at Sherlock as he is on a stretcher and in the back before he can process the request or the questions being asked.
“Right. So I think I’ve done it. All ready for our arrival” I exclaim removing Sherlock’s hands from my middle and tapping the rail of the crib.
When John woke up on Wednesday morning it was with nervous anticipation. Sherlock hadn’t texted him since he had broken into his apartment two days ago. Two days since they had both confessed that they had needed the other. John knew he was desperately in danger of falling for Sherlock Holmes. He was resisting it with every cell in his body, knowing that Sherlock would remember his life someday. Despite all of Sherlock’s neediness, he was probably just lonely and not attracted to John in any way.  If he was now, when he remembered his life he would also remember that he wasn’t interested in soft, broken, borderline suicidal doctors.  John could do the friendship thing, it was safer for the both of them.
When he is in the trauma unit his leg doesn’t bother him. He moves without pain and hesitation, but as soon as his blood pressure lowers, his adrenaline subsides, his respiration returns to resting, the pain returns.
“Your agitation indicates that you want to talk about it but are afraid of what the discussion might reveal” he says with a tilt of his head that is appears uncertain.
The woman wasn’t cheating and had very few enemies.  John read through the interviews of her friends. When John read the witness accounts of the day of her death his head snapped up to look at Sherlock.
“I doubt that.” Sherlock stands and walks to the couch escaping his brother’s scrutiny.
“I was bored. I need your help with something, also you are out of sugar.” Sherlock sighs eyes closed, hands crossed over his stomach. John notes that Sherlock has also made himself at home with a a cup of tea.
in bed. Oh well that’s…”
“In here John!” the man in question called from their bathroom.
“Mr. Holmes-Watson lead the way”
“Only a fool argues with his doctor. Christ Sherlock!” John chuckles.
“What’s this?” John asks with a yelp. His eyebrows raise in concern.
“Part of being his friend.”
“I am sorry to disturb you
“Watson?” pulls John’s attention to the present.
“John I need to tell you something. I”m unsure as how you will react.” he says
“Is not ...John…” I hear him call after me.
“It’s password protected!” Sherlock grumbles then spins around to stand in front of the fireplace.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asks
“Charlotte my god...yes right we’ll be right there” I shout swing my legs over the bed.
But, now with Mary and his complex feelings about her and Sherlock, he resigned himself to being Sherlock’s friend only. He could only be the friend that John loved in secret who didn’t love him back.
I can’t stifle the giggle that escapes my mouth at the obvious distaste Sherlock finds in the traditions of marriage. The hurt though I see in his eyes stops me immediately. I join him on the floor and cup his face
“Not now Mrs. Hudson, my brother and I are leaving.” Mycroft declares breathing heavily.  Gregory has a hand tucked into the crook of his elbow holding him back.
After Sherlock’s long and overy extensive explanation of about how the bottom of third of the door handle indicated the food was excellent at the particular restaurant at the end of the street they tucked themselves into a table in a darkened corner.
“Don’t do it John.”
“Of course.” Sherlock says and John turns into the building. He doesn’t turn back as much as Sherlock wills it so.  Sherlock sighs and turns to the road to hail a cab back home when he his met with man with an ear piece.
They want kids...and they want each other....
“Well after last night...maybe” he smirks at me. I lean down and fill the space between the couch and his body and kiss him. He pulls me close and I close my eyes and ask.
“errr...right…
“Right, you are welcome Sherlock. Please, take care will you?”
“Yes I do” I say fingering the top of one of the jars
Sherlock passes the hours trying to decode his password and research the last nineteen years. It is terrible to see the things that have happened, the terrorism, the wars, the serial killers. It disturbed him more when he googled himself again and saw all of the coverage of his solved crimes. Sherlock had decided that he would study chemistry, but he never quite got to the point of deciding what he would do with the degree. Solving crimes never came into his thought process, the stories of his success made him excited about the possibilities of his life outside of the hospital.  Nurses drifted in, his diabetic doctor did as well without a word and soon he was entirely exhausted without lifting a finger. Sleep found Sherlock eventually and he dreamt for the first time since his accident. Darkness and pain, and tests and Mycroft.
“Purple is never going to be on a wall of our home, ever,”  I’m just preparing for the loving Holmes derision, “Ok did you watch many cartoons as a child?” I ask knowing the answer answer and stalling for time. There was the look of horror I expected.
“John, you came.” Sherlock exhales.
“I don’t like this, tell me what is going on here” I grab at his arm and stop his forward
“John must you be so stubborn right now. We have work here that is all you need to know right now. When we get to where we are going I will share the information I think you need to know.” he growls pulling his arm ruffly away. I watch him stomp away for a bit, then follow. I follow him at a distance and watch him turn into a classroom. When I step into the room it is empty save for several familiar items on the table. Notepads and pens, and two glass bottles with pink pills inside.
＊ ＊ ＊
“Have they? I haven’t noticed,” Jim shrugs.
After a few minutes, Jim comes back with another white choc-chip cookie. Irene steals a bit of it again, and eats it, pretending that she got the tastier part of the cookie. Jim stares at Irene angrily, and Irene gives him a smug smile.
“What? Irene?” John says, confused.
“Is that where they’ll take their next victim from?” Irene speculates.
“You were right, John. You get something worse. You get Irene,” Sherlock continues. John is about to yell at him when Sherlock calls out again, “Irene, honey, come on out. Whilst I admire your passion, don’t you think you’re just a little bit too young to be murdering
“He hasn’t got an Irish accent,” Sherlock says slowly. John does a full 180 to face him.
“Alright, sure,” Sherlock starts eating his food quicker, and when he’s done, he goes outside, and a few minutes later, he returns with a shoe. He hands it to Irene, “you can go first.”
many people?”
They arrive at an old abandoned building, and Sherlock swiftly walks inside stepping over the loose planks of wood with nails sticking out from the sides, John trailing behind. Sherlock suddenly stops somewhere, and looks up.
＊ ＊ ＊
Present day
“I don’t know... but, um, what’s your German shepherd’s name? I- I like dogs,” says Irene. The teacher looks confused for a moment, but she continues to smile.
“Irene Watson, would you like to tell us a bit about yourself?” asks the teacher.
Irene looks them over, nervously looking for any small detail she can find to hopefully impress her dad, “the heels are more worn out... so they would usually apply more pressure to their heels. Which means... um... well, I don’t think they would often run anywhere, even if they got ready in a rush. Otherwise I think the front of the shoe would be more worn,” she throws the shoe back.
Sherlock walks over to him, “you’re Alex’s dad, correct?”
“Lestrade, please get my son something to eat,” Sherlock says.
＊ ＊ ＊
＊ ＊ ＊
“Irene, what did you do to your brother?” Sherlock looks up. Irene struggles to stop the urge to giggle.
“Let them go,” Sherlock says forcefully to Irene A. She looks towards the children.
“Sherlock, there’s a note here!” John calls, pointing to a small tag attached to the body. Sherlock picks it up and reads it; ‘Piccadilly Circus’. Sherlock looks at Irene who is reading the note over Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Well, thank you,” she says, smiling, “I would never kill her, you know. I do actually like her.” Sherlock is about to turn and leave when Irene continues, “and I’m sorry about Mycroft. I know it was a while ago, but... I’m sorry. And sorry about Mrs Hudson, as well.” She gives him a soft kiss, and then leaves.
“Alright, fine,”
John shuffles, “Do you really want a tiny assassin Sherlock running around?”
“Her name is Amy. Do you have a dog too?” asks the teacher kindly. Irene shakes her head, still sweating from nerves.
“They’re in a rush. Maybe to get to school? Not all schools have specific uniformed shoes,” Irene suggests.
to be brought here,” begins Irene A.
Sherlock turns to John and crosses his arm, “what do you get when you mix an assassin and a Sherlock?”
“I’m not a kid, you see, so I can’t be
“Stop fighting, guys. Jim, when you’re Irene’s age, you can have a forensic science kit as well, okay?” reasons John, “and you’re not stupid, you’re both very intelligent kids, alright?”
“Dad, we’re gonna save Alex’s dad, right?” Jim asks, worry in his shining blue eyes.
＊ ＊ ＊
“No you’re not, nothing else to do here besides take the body over to get an autopsy,” Sherlock hands him some money to go buy food, “now, chop chop. We won’t be needing you until they take their next victim.”
“Am I over doing it?” Sherlock replies, “John, please just leave.” John glares, but after a moment he finally leaves. Sherlock carefully opens the envelope. Inside is the shiny new birth certificate of Irene Watson. Sherlock grabs a permanent marker and starts looking over it.
“This person didn’t untie their laces very often, they would just put on their shoes quickly, and head out, meaning they often had to go somewhere in a rush. Not work, as these are clearly not work shoes,” Sherlock is about to continue, but he throws it back to Irene instead.
“He wasn’t killed here, you idiot,” replies Sherlock, “there’s a large wound right here on his chest. Fresh. Would have bled a lot, wouldn’t it? So then why is there only a small spot of blood on the ground? Well it’s quite obvious, isn’t it? He wasn’t killed
“John, they’re perfectly capable of taking care of themselves,” says Sherlock, looking back at their seven and ten year-old who are holding each other tightly.
Present day
Present day
“If you don’t know how I do it, you’re all obviously idiots!” Irene yells, her face red, and then she stands up and storms out of the classroom.
“Well, I’m Sherlock’s daughter, and I was just wondering if you’d like to... help me plan a... crime of a sort? One for my dad to solve,” Irene W asks slowly.
a mum, and he didn’t know what a sociopath was ‘til I met him. Also, he’s never seen a dead body before, and...” Jim continues talking, basically just mumbling to himself now, until Sherlock starts talking again.
“Sherlock, quick! Jim is saying his first words!” John shouts. Sherlock walks over and looks.
＊ ＊ ＊
“Yeah, Jim, no one cares, that was
“Dad, my friend, Alex, said his dad was going to this park the other day for work or something,” Jim muses.
“What kind of math?” Sherlock asks.
Irene shuffles, “Um, don’t you already know?”
＊ ＊ ＊
“No, Daddy, you shouldn’t,” says Irene, holding Jim’s hand tightly.
“No... they said it was a heart attack,” John reaches for a tissue and wipes his eyes.
him dead’.
“What’s the matter?” he asks.
“Well, how do you know they were definitely taken there?” John says.
“I did not! I just said I was smarter!” Irene snaps.
Five years ago
“No, a cat killing mice,” Irene says sadly.
“I honestly have no idea,” he gives Sherlock a kiss and walks out.
“What? Oh my god, that- that’s-” John stutters, talking on his phone. Sherlock looks up, interested in what the problem might be, “and they just found her—on the sofa with a cup of tea? My god, that’s terrible!”
,” but Sherlock is smiling.
Sherlock looks around the room, John just watching Sherlock’s eyes flick here and there.
“What?” John says as Irene A laughs softly.
When they arrive, they can’t find any bodies or shoes yet, but Sherlock gets some of the people in his homeless network to help out. According to the shoe, the next victim is a businessman. Sherlock takes note that so far only males have been killed and/or kidnapped. A small clue as to who the murderer is.
“Lestrade?” John continues to talk, then is humming in reply to some things until finally the phone on the other side hangs up. John gives Sherlock his phone back, “they’ve found the body you were looking for.”
＊ ＊ ＊
“No, Sherlock. We don’t want our son’s friend’s dad dead!” says John. Sherlock is about to speak again, but he notices someone following behind, and he spins around. It’s Zack again.
obvious,” Irene snarls, and then in a friendlier tone, she continues, “and after Dad said there should be a clue as to where the next body is going to be, there was a note on the next one. Because I told Jim to tell Irene to do that whilst he went and brought Alex’s dad back from Irene.”
“Good observation,” Sherlock says bluntly.
Two years ago
“There’s no body,” whispers Jim.
“But-” began John.
“Oh my god, Sherlock, I shouldn’t have let you name the kids,” John sighs.
Present day
normal.”
“No. How about Irene Mary Watson?” John presses.
“Well, are you going to answer it?” John says.
Ten years ago
Present day
“None of them were reported missing—just dead,” John says.
think of the other kids when you first started school?”
woman. This was
“No, but Stacy does! She- she lied when she said she doesn’t have any p- pets, she has a poodle,” Irene fiddles with her sweating hands, looking around the room, analysing everyone. This is what she has to do. Stacy looks at Irene, confused, “and Peter has a budgie, and someone in his family bakes bread,” she continues to look around as the muttering gets louder, “and Alyssa only has one parent that she lives with,” Irene is about to say more when the teacher stops her.
“Dad, why are there two shoes? Is it a hint?” Jim asks. Sherlock stands up, and hands both shoes to John, who awkwardly holds them.
“Irene’s birth certificate has arrived!” John beams. Sherlock grabs the envelope, brow furrowed.
Sherlock wakes up, and starts getting ready. He doesn’t care if this case is going to be boring, it’s still his first case in months, and he wants to enjoy it.
John turns on him, “Sherlock, just for once, I wish you could show at least
“Why not?” Sherlock asks.
“Sherlock!” John splutters.
? You’re alive?” John exclaims, looking over to Sherlock who says nothing, his eyes introspective.
“Have you
“Yes,” says Sherlock. John gives him a look, and Sherlock raises his eyebrows in a way of saying, ‘what?’.
“Right,” Sherlock replies. John pulls him off to the side.
“I now pronounce you husband and husband,”
“No, the shoe size is too big. The person must have been running
“Erm, he, um, went to get another cookie,” Irene explains, gripping the edge of her purple and black skirt tightly.
“Definitely,” John decides.
“I know,” Sherlock looks down at the paper. Just a single dot right next to the name. Nothing too permanent... unfortunately. Sherlock hands the certificate to John, who starts reading. Sherlock looks away, not wanting to see John’s reaction. After all, he’d already seen it about fifty times before in his mind.
“Sorry Sherlock, but I’m working. Besides, you shouldn’t have brought your kids with you,” Lestrade snaps.
“I would say the angle suggests that they fell. Not in the mud,” Sherlock turns the shoe over, “and then they quickly tried to get up again.”
Five months ago
“Irene, honey, are you sure you won’t be cold in a skirt?” John asks.
“What?” John doesn’t know whether to laugh or be extremely confused. He decides to go with the latter.
“Oh, right,” Sherlock gets up.
“That’s where I’d seen the shoe before!” Sherlock exclaims.
“I’m sorry, Dad, Daddy... I- Dad, you said you were bored because you didn’t have a case for ages, and so I wanted to help! I- I didn’t actually kill anyone, th- that was the other Irene, but- I- I’m sorry...” Irene W sobs, hugging her dads tighter as Jim joins in the hug.
“I can’t believe you made me wear it,” John shakes his head, “all I wanted was a normal wedding where I dressed like a normal person. Normal.”
Mission success.
“What time did they all go missing?” Sherlock asks, opening his laptop.
“No, our murderer isn’t like that. There has to be another reason...” Sherlock muses.
from something,” Sherlock puts the shoe away, “John, I think we might just have a client coming soon.” John looks at Sherlock, surprised, but Sherlock can tell he’s excited. They haven’t had any case in a while.
“Oh, thanks,” he says, “but Irene, I know you’ll make friends, because if I wasn’t your brother, I’d wanna be your friend. You’re really smart, and I guess you’re sort of pretty too, and I know you’re usually nice to people who aren’t me, so I’m sure people will like you and befriend you.”
“John, I can be concerned for my children, just not the same way you are. Especially when they
Irene is yelling now, “but don’t forget, when I went out to solve a murder...”
＊ ＊ ＊
“No, it’s where they’ll dump the next body,” says Sherlock, “would you like to go and wait there with your brother?”
“You have them here. Where?” Sherlock presses.
“Obviously,” Sherlock says quickly.
“No, Sherlock! We don’t know what kind of danger we’d be putting her in,” John says.
“What? What’s wrong with your face now?” Sherlock says, an eyebrow raised, “but anyway, I do hope you realise that ghosts can’t babysit, John.”
“That’s better than dead. Isn’t it, Sherlock?” John clarifies for his husband, a forceful tone on the edge of his words.
“And I kept on getting cookies! Big Irene has a really tasty collection!” Jim adds.
“What the bloody hell are you doing?” snaps John, “that’s our daughter’s
“Right,” replies Sherlock, “send me their addresses.”
“Oh. All I know is that it was a bit of a shock. None of the other kids knew anything about the things I knew about,” Irene takes a bite out of her toast, “I didn’t make a single friend until year three. You’re lucky, you made friends even in reception. Next year I’ll be going to secondary school, and I don’t know if I’ll be able to make friends again.” Irene looks sadly at her toast. The whistle of the kettle goes off, and Jim looks at it, unsure of what to do. Irene gets up and turns it off for him. She gets a teapot out of the cupboard, and pours the boiling water in with some tea bags.
“Irene,” he calls, “come out, you’ve had your fun, but it’s over now.”
“We don’t know how he woulda been killed here,” says Lestrade, “there’s no possible way we can find.”
“You really don’t mind either way, do you?” John asks, “actually don’t answer that, but fine... we’ll bring them...”
Present day
“Sherlock, they all have nothing in common that I can find,” says John.
“Um, I can’t really remember,” Jim shrugs.
“Sherlock... he’s gone,” whimpers John, looking around desperately.
Once he’s done, he pushes John out of bed, who, grumbling, and with some protest, starts getting ready too.
“No,” says Sherlock.
Afterwards, Sherlock is with John in the changing room.
Irene
,” John hisses.
“Um, no,” replies John.
“Jim Moriarty had an Irish accent...” Sherlock mutters.
“No,” says Sherlock.
“Fine,” Sherlock takes out his phone, “it’s Lestrade,” he puts it back into his jacket pocket.
“Irene, I hope you know that it’s not how it works. We don’t plan the murders, we solve them,” John explains.
“That’s the thing... these shoes don’t give me a hint of where the bodies will be found, they just tell me what kind of person the victim is,” Sherlock replies, looking up at the sky, where the sun is now fully visible.
“And I would expect you can figure it out. After all, you are the cleverest of them all,” says Irene A mockingly.
“Oh. Don’t they?” Irene asks casually, glancing at Jim, “they might though. Or maybe the next one will.”
Sherlock sighs loudly, and then clears his throat, “the blood... it doesn’t work like that. It has to be-”
phone that’s ringing,” says John.
“Irene, sweetie, how do you know these things?” The teacher asks.
“You can help me study, I have a math test coming up,” says Irene.
“Because this is where Dad found the shoe, duh,” says Irene. Sherlock looks at her, then after a moment, he smirks, both at Irene and John. Just then a phone starts ringing.
“But if we just take you, then Jim will be alone, and he’s only seven,” John says, trying to remain calm, but internally freaking out.
“Why can’t I read it too?” remarks John.
“They were here. Look for any tracks nearby that indicate someone was taken away by force. Possibly knocked out first,” says Sherlock, crawling around on the ground now. Irene and Jim run off together to look for clues, and John stays near Sherlock to look. About a minute later, Irene runs back.
“Wonderful,” he says, and hands it back.
“Daddy, I was literally wearing this outside half an hour ago! Also, I have a jacket on!” Irene replies.
“Dad, I’m hungry,” complains Jim.
Ten years ago
As the family walks, hand in hand, across the streets of London, John asks, “Sherlock, how
“Shut up, John. It’s a completely normal dad thing, it’s not
“What?” Jim says, looking at Irene for a second, but then following her gaze and staring at the door again.
“Y-yes, I am. Zack Huckabee,” Zack clutches his head, “and you’re one of Jim’s dads, right? Sherlock Watson?”
Four years ago
“Back already?” Sherlock mutters.
“Alright, honey. But dinner will be ready soon, so don’t be out too long, okay?” replies John.
“Yeah, well you’re only three. You stay here, and I’ll go and investigate their room, okay?” says Irene.
“What? Oh, well there’s no need to look for Jim when Irene’s already found him,” Sherlock looks up, and there’s Irene dragging her little brother over towards them. John walks over to him.
“Really?” John sighs, “and also, I’m the one who used to date Mary.”
“I can come too!” Jim says, puffing out his chest.
Irene nods. Sherlock walks back into the room, “they’ve found another body,” he says, throwing on his jacket, “let’s go.”
A while later, Irene W leaves the house, and goes out the front to where Jim is waiting for her, and she discusses the plan with him, their young faces growing even more eager by the second.
“Geez, Dad, what’s so wrong with it?” Jim mutters, moving his dirty blonde hair away from his eyes
, obviously. How’s your husband going? I don’t think you two have been having any issues,” Irene is having an anxiety attack, and this is the only thing she can think of to help her.
Seven years ago
“Just... do it,” Sherlock snaps. John moves sideways, “just a bit more.”
,” says John forcefully. They are standing around in the waiting room of the artificial insemination clinic, waiting for someone.
Sherlock sits up, “a cat murdering
Present day
?” mutters John.
“No, it’s not. Also, Mary asked if we could put her name somewhere in the name.”
Sherlock laughs, “look at me; do I look normal? If you wanted ‘normal’ so bad, why’d you marry me?” John sighs, putting on the last of his ‘manly’ clothes.
＊ ＊ ＊
“Based on the substances at the bottom of the shoe, this person would often track through muddy places and places with small stones. The splattering of the newest layer of mud suggests that they were running. The owner of these shoes went out quickly, and this time they really
“This shoe, I recognise it...” Sherlock notes.
Irene pokes Sherlock, “Um, Dad, why
“Would you like me to take a look at any wounds you might have?” John asks carefully. Zack shakes his head quickly. John turns back to Sherlock, “look, we’d better call an ambulance. He’s not okay.”
“Mrs- Mrs Hudson... she died...” John stammers.
She clears her throat and says, “I’ll explain. So, basically, I knew where the shoe Dad had found was when he found it, even though I hadn’t gone out to get it with him.”
“No, we’ll just get Mrs Hudson to look after you like we used to. Oh...” John realises what he’s said too late, and looks at the ground sadly.
＊ ＊ ＊
Thirteen years ago
“Maybe they just liked Zack and didn’t want him dead?” Jim suggests. Sherlock looks at him.
Dad lately?” says Irene, looking closely at Sherlock down the hall with his dishevelled hair and tired eyes.
“Oh, that. Don’t worry about it, it’ll be alright soon, okay?” John says reassuringly, patting Irene on the shoulder. Irene grips Jim’s hand even tighter, and he lets out a small pained noise. Irene watches closely as her dads leave, suspicion showing on her six-year-old face.
“So?” he says, and walks out the door. Immediately, he walks back in, “actually no, it’s late, let’s do it tomorrow.”
“There’ll be another one?” Lestrade asks, refusing to take the money.
With each bite, Sherlock is closely looking at it, before putting it into his mouth, and carefully identifying each flavour and texture of the bite.
“John, no. Either you come and we leave the kids at home to kill each other, or you come and bring the kids too,” says Sherlock.
“John!” Sherlock demands.
“They’ve been kidnapped. Finally,” Sherlock adds calmly, starting to type (extremely fast) on his computer again.
“But Daddy, if you both go, me and Jim will be all alone at home. And you know what happens when siblings are left alone together,” Irene looks at Jim, who starts slowly backing away.
John leaves and Irene looks at Jim, “both Dad and Daddy have been acting differently recently.”
“It’s alright, Irene,” says Sherlock before Irene or John can say anything more, and then he adds, “thank you.”
They continue to walk along the gardens until they reach one where Sherlock leans down and investigates a flower.
Woman.
“Jim, why do you keep running off?” John demands.
“Too young am I? Why, thank you,” says the woman, grace in every word she pronounces.
Sherlock, John, Irene and Jim arrive on the crime scene. All there is is a body and another shoe. Sherlock starts closely inspecting the body.
“Okay then, how about Sherlock Irene Watson? Sherlock is a girl’s name, you know.”
＊ ＊ ＊
“Oh yes, that would be fantastic!” Irene W beams.
“Did they? How did the police find it before me—?” sighs Sherlock, “Alright, where is it?” John gives him the address, and they catch a taxi there.
“Sherlock, will you stop?” calls John.
“Well, I didn’t need your help! You just took over!” shouts Jim, running over to the door to get away from Irene. Irene pokes her tongue out at him, and he does the same back.
“Dad, Jim and I are gonna go outside, okay?” says Irene.
Irene looks up at Sherlock, her big sectoral heterochromia eyes beaming with pride. Sherlock looks at Lestrade again, “so, are you going to go?” Sherlock looks around for Jim.
“Um, what?” says John.
“Jim, don’t touch Irene’s things without asking, alright?” John says.
John smirks at Sherlock quickly rushing there, “you know, it’s kinda hot, you running to save our kids.”
“But how did you buy one?” says John, looking very confused.
“Oh,” Jim looks at the ground, “right.”
“Sherlock, Jim is gone again,” John says suddenly.
going first,” Sherlock says forcefully. John looks at him weirdly.
“Wanted to go for a jog, perhaps?” John suggests with a shrug.
Watson? We did not agree on this!” John seems surprisingly calm, his anger strained, although inside he’s probably screaming.
“Didn’t I say they don’t often run anywhere? I doubt they would just go out for a jog,” Irene looks at John like he’s an idiot for a second, and then goes back to observing the shoe, “there are scuff marks on the side, did they scrape their foot along something? Did they trip?” Irene looks up and hands the shoe back.
“No,” Sherlock keeps walking, but John snatches his phone out of his pocket and answers it for him.
Four years ago
Irene takes the shoe, looking at it carefully, “Well, it looks old, but it’s a newer brand, so it must just be well worn,” Irene throws the shoe to Sherlock.
They call for another taxi and start heading there.
Irene puts the purple headband onto her head, so it stands out against her long, curly black hair. She stuffs her notebook into her bag and runs downstairs, “I’m gonna go solve the murder down the street.”
They’re back at their house. Irene is buttering toast for lunch, her eyes introspective, and Jim is trying to make tea again. Irene has bet that Jim will spill boiling water all over himself again, and he’ll have burn wounds for a month. Sherlock is busy trying to figure out where the next person will be taken from, and where their body will be dumped, and John is helping him. Well, he’s just sitting there, putting in the occasional comment.
“Oh, wow... so my biological dad is a sociopath, my biological mum is an ex-assasin, and I’m named after a dominatrix and extortionist...” Irene says, staring into the distance, “that- that’s really great.”
Sherlock continues to look around, now moving his whole head about.
“It was pretty obvious, really. Basically-” begins Sherlock, but then Irene cuts him off.
?” John hisses urgently.
“Well, do it quick,” Sherlock mutters, and continues to walk away from Zack.
Irene is about to say more, but Sherlock tries to speak over the top of her, “and they just had to go outside just before they were kidnapped.”
“And no one to give it to,” Irene continues.
“What?” Zack takes his hand away from his head for a half a second, but then flinches and places it back there.
Irene A raises her eyebrows, and she smiles, “certainly. A murder?”
“And don’t forget your brother is named after a psychopathic consulting criminal,” Sherlock comments.
After a little bit, Sherlock has their houses marked out clearly on a map on the computer. John looks at it, “they’re forming a circle...”
“He asked me to do it this time!” Sherlock yells back.
“Jim, no! That’s
“A list,” Irene says softly, not taking her gaze away from the door, but her hand squeezes ever tightly on Jim’s hand.
“‘Honey’?” John repeats.
＊ ＊ ＊
Irene sits at her desk, staring at the teacher. The teacher is a female married to a man, however she’s only been married a short amount of time. She lives down the road from the school, and has a long haired German shepherd dog. She’s been a teacher for a few years, but this is her first time teaching year ones.
“Oh. Then why are you telling
“No, one of the shoes belongs to this victim—the shoe that was going to be left with Zack if he had died, and the other shoe belongs to the next victim,” Sherlock explains, “which leads me to my next question; why would they let Zack go, and yet be perfectly capable of killing this perfectly in shape person, however overworked he may be?”
“Yeah, and Alex has a dad
“Sherlock... what...? Irene Mary
“You didn’t” says Sherlock.
“So, we’re looking for a place where it’s muddy, to start off with,” says Sherlock, putting on his jacket, “then we’ll find tracks that match the shoes and go from there.”
“Sherlock, Jim is
Sherlock takes out the shoe he’d brought with him and compares it to the new one, “it doesn’t match. Not at all. Completely different sizes and everything,” he looks at the victim’s foot, “Ah, but
you know our kids were involved in the first place?”
“Sorry about that,” says Sherlock. He gets up, and leans down the be face-to-face with John. Slowly, Sherlock moves closer to kiss him. John loves his husband, Sherlock, no matter how much of an egotistical sociopath he is, and even if he only kissed John to make John forgive him. And Sherlock loves John, no matter how much of an idiotic psycho-loving war doctor he is.
“He is? Wow, my family is so,
“Alright, fine,” Sherlock agrees rather stiffly.
“And how many muddy places are there in London?” John asks, rubbing his eyes.
“What
“What?” yells John, running to the window as Sherlock sits back down.
“A murder?” Sherlock says eagerly after John hangs up. John seems to be having trouble opening his mouth, but finally he does, and manages to splutter out some words.
“So, a murder?” Sherlock clarifies.
Sherlock flicks his jacket flaps up to cover his face, and continues to walk, his hands in his pockets and head down. John sighs and keeps walking.
“Now, let’s find some tracks and we’ll be able to find where the victims are taken to to be killed,” Sherlock starts looking at the ground, his eyes searching.
“No, thanks,” replies Sherlock, looking out the window.
“Aww, but I just made tea!” Jim complains.
“You can read it afterwards, honey. But
“So?” Sherlock says, “come on, you can be the biological father of our next kid.”
“Jim, where did you go?” demands John.
Sherlock and John lean in and kiss, smiling.
“...hopefully,” Sherlock says finally, giving John a glance like, ‘but we
＊ ＊ ＊
＊ ＊ ＊
“But the client hasn’t actually come yet,” John reminds Sherlock. Sherlock looks at him, confused.
“Irene Adler, correct?” Irene Watson asks the lady at the door, the address crumpled in her hand, sweaty and barely readable.
“Yes, so are they all being taken one after the other, or have they all already been taken?” Sherlock wonders, taking out his collection of shoes and looking at them all individually again, “John, get up some files of every victim we’ve found dead so far.”
Irene rushes inside again, looking disappointed.
＊ ＊ ＊
Four years ago
＊ ＊ ＊
“What?” John says. You’d think after all of these years he would be able to comprehend at least some of what Sherlock said. But apparently not all the time.
Jim looks up from his drawing, “she’s a weirdo,” he says. John glares at him and he quickly diverts his eyes back to his drawing of a corpse. He gets up and takes his drawing into the lounge room where Sherlock is lying on the couch, staring at the roof.
John is about to butt in, but Sherlock cuts him off, “
Present day
“Ooh, Dad, can I come with you?” Irene asks.
＊ ＊ ＊
“You know, you look really adorable in a dress,” Sherlock smirks.
“To get a cookie, Dad was taking too long,” Jim holds up a large, white choc-chip cookie, giving him a toothy grin.
“Maybe,” Sherlock reasons.
Present day
“John, please just-” Sherlock inhales deeply, “move to the side a bit.”
They wait an hour and still no body turns up, so they head home again.
“Dad, who am I named after?” Irene asks.
?” Sherlock replies, irritated. John just ignores him.
And out steps a woman, the graffitied arch she’s standing under acting as a frame for her complexion. A woman with a slender face, red lipstick, long legs, and a coat wrapped around her body. No, this wasn’t
“You were kidnapped. By who?” Sherlock asks, assessing the man’s head and hand.
“Wait, actually, no need to do that, I know exactly where they’ll be,” Sherlock walks out, taking long, brisk strides, wakes the kids, and heads outside. John quickly helps the kids out of their pyjamas and into day clothing as they stumble out the door, trying to catch up to Sherlock. Finally, John reaches him, and copies the pace of Sherlock, just taking shorter, but more steps.
Present day
“Dad, you can play with me after dinner if you want,” Jim suggests.
When John does this, he must have stepped on some kind of trigger, as an old curtain rises next to Irene A, dust engulfing the room. Up on a platform is Irene and Jim Watson, hands tied together by some rope and mouths stuffed with thick material.
“Sherlock, it’s so good to see you, how are you feeling?” a mousy haired tiny thing of a woman in a labcoat shuffles in, “This is for you!”
“John?” Lestrade asks a hurt and worried look upon his face.
“Ah you know, the um medication appears to finally be helping.  My stomach was acting up over it for a while there.“ Sherlock says quietly as he wipes his hands on a napkin.
Gotta go Sherlock” click and John is gone.
Your pleasant bedside manner has changed Doctor Watson SH
“Thank you for this Sherlock” I whisper
“Next patient John” the receptionist calls shaking me from my thoughts.
“Go Dr. Watson, save my brother, it is what you do for a living isn’t it?” Mycroft says softly, his stare unwavering.
“John you didn’t have to do all of this. I am very sorry that I made your day off into a day of servitude.” Sherlock mumbles unwrapping one the sandwiches and examining the contents.
The real question was coming down to would John be able to deal with the fact that Sherlock might no longer want anything to do with him if he remembered he didn’t ‘like’ people, especially nice boring doctors.
“Of course. So are you, now tell me it will all be ok and I tell you the elephant story and we’ll switch jobs” I say tampering down my emotional state,  walking towards him extending a hand to help him up.
“Yes doctor, how is he?” Mycroft Holmes asks with a raised eyebrow and shit eating smirk.
“Of course. I should try to be a gracious host” I say not turning and reaching for a second mug.
I complete my morning routine and make tea for the two of us and place Sherlock’s at his elbow.  I settle into my chair with the paper and read half heartedly as I know the confrontation will be coming.  Sherlock looks at me expectantly and I ask absently,
“They wouldn’t sleep” he whispers.
“Yeah.”
“Of course, no one would believe me anyway” he laughs and I join him in laughing much to Sherlock’s annoyance.
John Watson smiles to himself and looks up at Greg.
“Sherlock. You’ve always exaggerated. I merely hold a minor position in the government. As far as the relationship Gregory and I share,  I have found someone that I enjoy spending time with when I am not working. Our schedules are erratic enough to not anger each other. I will admit that I was wrong when I told you that loving someone is a deficit” Mycroft says sitting down in the chair.
John Watson moved into 221b and life continued. Sherlock continued to present John with files and photos as they sat in opposite chairs.  Sherlock adjusted his sleep schedule to every change in John’s work schedule.  They talked of John’s time in Afghanistan and how Sherlock grew up with a brilliant mathematician for a mother, and his reluctantly admitted smarter brother, and a father who loved him to no end. John spoke of his sister who was slowly killing herself with alcohol and his fears of never escaping his nightmares. Sherlock began playing his violin for John, sad slow melancholy songs that made John worry for Sherlock.
“John you do recall I use your computer quite often. You played this song almost once day when I was gone. It means something to you...and now to me. The first dance with my husband” Sherlock smirks, “I didn’t get to dance at your first wedding. I love to dance”
“I see. Gentlemen I think my brother has had enough visitors for one day, Doctor Watson a word?” Mycroft says and points his umbrella out into the hallway.
“Sir? Do you need medical assistance?” a medic asks tugging on a corner of the blanket.
I smile at the fact for the first time in a long time he used the correct name.
“Sherlock? Hey...can you open your eyes?!” John gasps adjusting the IV to push more fluid. He takes the man’s blood pressure. A groan emits from the man before him and John sighs. There is some response from the patient, perhaps this wouldn’t end as terribly as he expected. Sherlock’s blood pressure is low but heart rate is consistent, he checks his eyes. Pinpoint pupils, damn….. He gets the man’s blood pressure stabilized, he’s breathing on his own, and he is still responding to pain stimuli.
“Excuse me?” John stops angy.
“Hey, it is okay, you’re safe, let me help you.” John pleads.
“So did your girlfriend bring this for you?” John asks brightly moving the cat off the table.
“This is all your fault. You finally deny that gift of yours when it really fucking mattered! I dared to hope that we would have a child today! We wasted so much time that you could have prevented by using that big brain of yours and telling me!”
“Of course. You are many things John Watson, but subtle about attraction is not one of them.”
“You have just killed a man”
Sherlock deals with his new doctor and reluctantly says goodbye to John Watson.
“Fascinating. I knew this internet thing would be a great help to research. It is a bit overwhelming, a lot of terrible things have happened, lives lost. This Ebola thing is quite concerning but exciting at the same time. ”
“Oh god I thought I was the weepy one?” I chuckle wiping the tear away a kissing him lightly on the lips.
“John?” Sherlock bleats at the unexpected contact.
I storm into the flat and promptly slam the door of the bedroom after grabbing bottle of scotch that had been calling my name and the food. Out of courtesy I should have probably left some food for Sherlock, but why let it go to waste since he  wouldn’t be eating as usual.  I proceeded to eat and drink myself into oblivion
“Oh. What am I watching out for?” he asks once he has collected himself.
He had to stay with his sister again.
Click was John’s response. Decision made. Across town Mycroft sighs and calls his husband.
“John Watson so good to see you.” he holds out his hand.
Never a tear, baby of mine.
“That’s usually my line.” I chuckle but again stop seeing that unsure scared look on his face again, “Sherlock what is it?”
“To US?! You mean you….why did I do it to you?” he sneers
“Ah, Doctor Watson, good to see you!” the man said clapping him on the back.
“I should do it,” Sherlock says sighing, “it is my mess.”
“I don’t want to go back to my brother’s he may not be the most welcoming.  I don’t want to stay here by myself. I won’t ask you to sleep on the couch cause of your shoulder. The bedroom upstairs appears to be no longer serving as such as it is filled with boxes and we are just adding to the mess. I feel that inviting myself over to yours would be rude. So I am seriously considering asking to bunk down with Mrs. Hudson, but she probably has an incredibly small couch and she has
Why wouldn’t John have told him he wasn’t going to be his doctor anymore. Was he getting worse? Was there some underlying condition he was not aware of? He began trying to figure out his password again to no satisfying end. It was probably something sentimental event or person that he was no longer in contact with.  Hours later when John usually would stop by to talk and bring Sherlock a cup of caffeine free tea, with apologies about how they had to watch his blood pressure, there was no John, and still no new doctor.   Panic began to course through his body and he couldn’t control his heart rate.  John Watson was the only thing that was making his condition and his stay in this hospital remotely tolerable. His blood pressure began to rise and he tried deep breaths, but soon the monitors began to alarm and a red faced, overweight, elderly man in lab coat steps into the room.
“Everything alright?”
“Someone better start explaining in the next two seconds, or no one is leaving this house with fully functioning limbs.”
Sherlock less than a week.
” Her voice breaks on the word and John closes his eyes. When he opens them again, Sherlock is watching him. John turns away and follows his ex to where she is kneeling next to a prone figure spread out on a mattress, hands hovering over his face but not daring to touch.
John wrenches himself away, stumbling backwards with a sharp intake of air.
Sherlock’s lips twitch marginally and he replies in a superior tone, “The world is in my orbit, John.”
“Don’t take it as an insult,” Sherlock smiles lopsided, a bit teasing.
“So, where’s the ex?”
“What?” Rachel starts. “You do?” Her voice hopeful but her expression dubious.
“Hey, Sherl’ck isn’t-”
John. It worked, how did you do that?” Sherlock’s eyes are wide, pupils still blown and jaw muscles twitching again.
“What are you boys up to today then?” Mrs Holmes asks, wiping her hands on a clean dish cloth before patting at her hair.
John sniggers breathlessly, rubbing at his face roughly.
“Eat, you look like you’re about to pass out.”
Toby looks confused, glances at the girl quickly who shrugs. “Because we just found someone lying bloody and unconscious under a tree, with no idea how they got there and we are normal human beings who are rightly concerned?”
Working part time at the surgery means John is forever in contact with all manner of germs and illnesses, and because of that he has himself quite a strong immune system and very rarely gets sick. Sherlock is much the same, to Johns dismay, considering the man hardly eats or sleeps or generally looks after his health in any way.
“Trains are still on strike.
John flexes his fingers unconsciously and Sherlock twitches under his hand. John turns to watch his face again, his profile blank, jaw clenched and breathing a little shallowly.
“That better not be tea in my hair,” Victor grumbles into the table.
After Sherlock had politely refused, the man had all but grabbed his shoulder, leaning in with a leer and announcing he wouldn’t take no for an answer.
He remembers now. Fell out of bed. That’s embarrassing. Why is the floor so cold? Oh yeah. The window is open.
Then Rachel starts
“What happened to your knuckles?”
well enough,” Sherlock gripes. “I tend to rub people up the wrong way. Why?”
Sherlock doesn’t react at first, doesn’t move a muscle. But then, he turns towards John slowly with the most awful patronising look John has seen yet, eyebrows raised and mouth twisted into a horrible little smirk. He opens his mouth and John reaches up to slap his palm over it before he can utter a sound.
“Well, it’s been nice seeing-“ Teddy whirls around suddenly, cutting John off with a dark look.
“I grew bored of it. You need a certain degree of discipline that, unfortunately, I do not possess,” Sherlock sighs, his torso following is lowering his leg and resting his palms flat on the ground between his feet.
Mrs Holmes is the in kitchen, fussing around making tea. John grins when he spots Victor sitting at the table, arm sprawled across the surface with his forehead cradled in the crook of his elbow.
Birds are chirping. Why are there birds chirping? John had closed the window to try and retain as much heat in the flat considering the broken ones downstairs. They shouldn’t be that loud.
She raises a gray eyebrow. “Sherlock’s didn’t take my dog,” she repeats patiently.
Sherlock’s shoulders shrug as he puts the now-full kettle back where it belongs and switches it on. “Because I did put something in your tea.” He explains calmly, reaching for a mug.
“His name is Luke Ford, and he’s been missing for two weeks. And the man in the freezer was a car salesman by the name if Christopher Ford.”
John Watson limped into his life, smiled at Sherlock, and called him amazing and incredible and extraordinary.
John pats at his pockets again, relieved to find ten pence and doubtfully pushes the coin into the slot, holding the receiver to his ear. A low beep indicates it’s ready for John to punch in the number, and he raises his eyebrows in wonder before quickly inserting Sherlock’s mobile number by heart. Three tones bounce around in a short melody, and a recorded voice announces pleasantly, ‘Sorry, the number you are calling has not been recognised. Please try again.’
“No.” Sherlock spits the word out petulantly, clambering to his feet and storming towards the bathroom.
“About time!” Comes a cry from the lone figure of a young man sat at a table, mug of tea in one hand and a book in another. “Was about to send out the search parties!” The boy stands, smiling attractively as they approach. He kisses Evie on the cheek and pats Toby on the shoulder.
John, you’re a genius. Who would have thought-”
John slaps her hands away and stands in a fluid motion.
He isn't pleased Jeff or Jed or whatever the hell his name is has gone missing.
“No, it’s fine!” John interrupts, overly chipper and dropping his arm. He grins at them, feeling hollow and a little terrified and trying desperately not to show it. By their looks of dismay, he thinks he probably isn't succeeding in that front. “Honestly, I’m alright. Just a moment of confusion. Must of really been hit on the head hard. Yep, that’s it. Just a little dash of amnesia is all, it happens,” he shrugs a bit manically.
“I’m gunna get some chips, anyone want to share?”
Sherlock rolls over onto his back, giggling breathlessly and John rolls his eyes, a smile tugging at his lips as he runs a hand over Sherlock’s skull for a quick assessment.
John gives him a doubtful look, but he’s tired and irritable and has a headache and selfishly doesn’t want to talk about this anymore.
"You're a bloody pain in the arse, you know that?"
Sherlock gives him an odd look.
John lets out a very high-pitched, really rather hysterical giggle, covering his eyes with one hand. “Impossible..”
“Hey,” John prompts, tightening his fingers on Sherlock’s cheeks. When Sherlock doesn’t respond, just keeps looking at him like he doesn’t know who he is, John shakes Sherlock’s head a little, an empty feeling in his stomach.
John sips his tea and continues to read the paper, effortlessly ignoring the silent conversation happening in front of him.
This proves difficult, in the end, as Sherlock doesn’t emerge from his room all morning. John paces around the flat nervously, making tea, absently watching the news, opening his laptop and closing it again before he can turn it on. Multiple times, John has the urge to read the list but with Sherlock’s words from last night, he feels like it would be wrong somehow. His eyes keep flicking to Sherlock’s door, but he doesn’t allow himself to go anywhere near it. Images of him shoving himself into the room keep ploughing through his mind and John knows it would be unwise of him to try and enter the space again. Sherlock’s room has always been the man’s safe haven, a place where he can escape the real world and be at ease. And John had ruined that last night.
How many times can you write the word 'tea' before it starts to look odd? This many.
“Jesus! You need to stop doing that.” John lets out a nervous laugh.
After a moment of silence Sherlock lets out an impatient huff, “Your purse. I should probably know what the man looks like if I am to find him, no?”
“Bit,” Sherlock murmurs. Looks back at him. “Do you have any enemies?”
“Don’t you fucking touch him.” John’s voice had been cold, his eyes
“Fine. Everything’s fine,” John frowns a little. Sherlock doesn’t say anything, he looks a little confused as if there is no reason for John to be here unless he needed help. John feels a horrible pang in his stomach. Has it really been so long since they have seen each other? Have things really changed so much between them?
Sherlock smirks, walking over to his mother and dumping John’s dirty pile into her arms without a word.
Sometimes, Enzo would squeeze Sherlock’s shoulder as he passed his chair where he was sat curled up reading a book. Sometimes it would be a ruffling of his curls. Or sometimes, if Sherlock was lucky, the man would lean over his shoulder to read a paragraph of his book, his hot breath caressing the skin of Sherlock’s neck.
but also not great. John shifted in surprise as he nearly cracked his skull onto a dark curled head. Sherlock was sat upright against the bed on the floor, legs spread out around him. He was also dead asleep.  John smiled weakly as he spotted a wet flannel gripped in Sherlock’s right hand.
John follows the heavy grunts and thumping into the kitchen, "What the hell are you-" he stops. And stares. "-doing."
homeless person in London, but he didn't comment. John started walking slowly towards the child again, holding up a hand when Sherlock moved to follow.
“How was the station?” John asks, filling up the kettle and getting some mugs down. He pauses before reaching for a third. He doubts Sherlock will come out of his room, but he wants to make him some tea anyway, just in case.
"No you don't."
John stands there, frozen amid the flurry of movement around him, can feel a horrible mixture of disappointment and anger churning his stomach.
Sherlock shoots John a dark look, and John smiles sweetly back at him, abandoning his teasing touches and simply sliding his entire palm across Sherlock’s crotch and giving a pointed squeeze.
John frowns. “Not often, then?” He summarises.
Then there was chaos.
John startles. He had forgotten momentarily that Teddy was meant to be travelling home.
so much, a hint of promise that it would pass and he would find someone who would love him back.
“Nice chat?” Sherlock asks, tilting his head towards the door. John inwardly cringes. It would be naive to think Sherlock hadn’t heard the conversation. The man would eavesdrop on a couple of pebbles if they could talk. John is about to snap something at him when he stops. Starting another argument isn’t going to help the situation. Sherlock is trying to diffuse the awkwardness with animosity, has been all morning. He doesn’t allow himself to rise to the bait. Instead, he steps closer to Sherlock, slowly enough for the man to draw away. He gently leans up and presses a soft kiss to Sherlock’s cheekbone. It’s an imitation of Teddy’s kiss earlier, but this time the intention is clear. Sherlock has frozen and John takes advantage, murmuring a quiet “I’m sorry” against his bruised skin. After a moment, he pulls back. Sherlock is staring at him with wide eyes and John gives him a small sincere smile. “I don’t want to fight with you, Sherlock.”
“John, stop moving and listen to me.” Sherlock snapped.
Teddy’s eyes soften a bit. “You’ve got to try, mate.”
And so the man had, lingering at the door for a moment and looking back at Sherlock sorrowfully. Sherlock had thrown a pillow at him, but all it did was bounce off the door when it was closed with a soft click.
“Have to catch me first!” Sherlock shouts over his shoulder, grinning maniacally. He catches John’s eye and John can feel an answering grin pulling at his features.
"I don't want to fight with you, John." He mutters.
“Sherlock!” John snapped in warning.
John was serving a growing queue of people, Sherlock was hiding out back somewhere probably on his phone, and a purple faced man in a suit was shouting.
John had tried to rationalise what he wanted from his flatmate. But, quite simply, he didn’t know. He can’t deny that the memory of their kiss burned something deep and primal in his gut, a need so poignant that when he thinks of it he can’t breathe. But he also can’t deny that that desperate want comes hand in hand with a blinding terror. A snowball of what-ifs and buts.
When John captures his wrists and pins them to the wall, Sherlock lets out a small whine and John almost collapses at the sound. He grinds up against Sherlock, hard and aching and Sherlock arches his back off the wall.
If you did end up reading this, thank you! I hope you enjoyed it. Please leave a comment and/or kudos. The finale will be up tomorrow.
John was trying so hard to hold back tears, so he was unable to speak. He was shaking so bad, but he still managed to point at the screen of his computer that was now lying on the floor.
It was then that he decided to tackle the mess Mary had left for him. He started shoving papers into the nearest folder. It didn’t matter which one it was, he would eventually organize them when he got the time. Once all of the papers were thrown into their temporary home, he placed the stack of them on top of the coffee table. He got up off of his hands and knees and was soon standing on his own two feet again.
John shuffled his way out of the kitchen and made his way down the hallway. He stopped at the room he shared with Mary and walked inside. John went over to the bed and knelt down. He grabbed a box out from underneath the bed. He opened it and retrieved its contents; a single pistol. John originally purchased the gun in case of any intruders.
At that point, John lost his temper. “Get out! I want you out of here!” Mrs. Hudson huffed and moved to leave with her tea. “And leave the teapot!”
I know I said this was going to be up either Friday or Saturday, but I got really busy and didn't have much time to write. I'm sorry! But at least the chapter is up now. =) However, I should be sticking to my posting schedule I have set up, so the next chapter should be up tomorrow! Don't forget to leave a comment or kudos if you enjoyed this one! Hope you stick around for the next one as well!
John put his face in his hands. “How long do we have before she arrives here?” Just then, there was a knock at the door.
Again, I am not blaming you at all! It was all my mistake. I should have just told you how I felt; it would have made both of our lives so much easier.
“John, I can’t stand seeing you like this.” Mary began pacing the floor. “You need to get up and do something. I can’t stand you just sitting around doing nothing. Try and do something to get your mind off of it.” Mary stopped for a moment to think and then the perfect plan got into her head. “I’ve got it! At the wake, Molly stated something about you being the only one allowed in Sherlock’s room. Why don’t you clean it out? It might not get your mind off of the situation right now, but it will in the long run?” John just shrugged his shoulders. Mary let out an exasperated sigh that could be considered an inhuman growl. “John! Go clean up Sherlock’s room! That is an order! I am going to work and by the time I get back, that room better be spotless, do you hear me?” John nodded, but his eyes began to glitter with tears. Mary walked over to where her purse was lying next to the door. “And start with all of those papers!” She opened the door, walked out and slammed it.
Hope you enjoyed this one! It was fairly upsetting both to write and maybe it might cause you readers a little bit of tears. Comment down below whether or not you enjoyed it, and don't forget to leave a kudos! <3 The next chapter will be up either tomorrow or Friday, since my original posting schedule had gotten messed up due to the inclusion of the prologue. I hadn't left enough time to post according to the schedule I originally set up. Either way, hope you stay tuned for the next installment as well!
The tears began to stream down John’s face by letter two. When he reached the end of the fifth letter, he was completely bawling his eyes out. He couldn’t wipe away the tears fast enough. As soon as he wiped them away, new ones would stream down his cheeks.
(See the end of the chapter for
I was always trying to get Mrs. Hudson to give subtle hints about my love for you, but her example of a subtle hint was out right asking you whether or not you had feelings for me and/or her telling you to just ask me out already. Obviously, Mrs. Hudson wasn’t doing a good job and it wasn’t like the courage to actually speak to you about these things was going to come around any time soon.
When all that remained of the letters was ash, John turned on the faucet to wash away the possibility of another fire happening.
Mary got up and went over to the podium. John stepped down in order to sit in the seat next to the one his wife had recently occupied.
John took a moment to decide whether or not he should put the clothes away and finally decided that he should. He pulled out the pants drawer first and placed the jeans in there. He attempted to find the shirt drawer but ended up finding the sock drawer instead.
“Sorry, but Sherlock can't go on a date with you tonight, or ever for that matter.”
“Mary!” John called out into the apartment. His voice was quiet and scratchy. When he was met with silence, he tried again, louder this time. “Mary!” Still, no one responded. John was relieved to know that his wife wasn’t in the house when he read the letters. Knowing her, she probably would have snooped and tried to figure out what he was reading.
John was so stunned by Molly’s sudden outburst dedicated to just him, that he completely forgot what he was going to say. He walked up to the podium, almost as if he was being controlled by a puppeteer. He got up and stared at the sea of forlorn faces. “Sherlock Holmes was one of the greatest people I ever had the pleasure of knowing. He was the best friend anyone could ever ask for. He often talked about himself, but with his deducing skills, he could tell if you were feeling down and was prepared to listen and give advice if needed. He was a great man and an even better friend.” John turned around to face Sherlock lying in his casket. “I’m really going to miss you, Sherlock. I really will.” That’s when John broke and began to cry.
Dear John,
(See the end of the chapter for
Before he turned around to face all of the people who came to mourn Sherlock, he took a moment to stare at his dead brother lying in his casket. He looked so peaceful, unlike the photos the media had plastered over every website and television set that proclaimed the news. The photos showed him when he was bloody and broken after his fall from atop a building, but the Sherlock in the casket looked oddly lifelike. It looked like Sherlock could jump out of the casket at any moment and proclaim he’s still alive. But everyone knew that wasn’t going to happen. Everyone knew the truth. Everyone saw the photos. Everyone knew the truth. Some people even saw it happen in real life. This wasn’t another Reichenbach Fall moment; this was the real deal.
John was still scrolling through his blog, looking for a decent case, when he heard a knock on the door. He quickly whipped his head in it’s direction. A muffled voice came through from the other side of the door. “John? It’s Mrs. Hudson. Can you please let me in?”
Holy crap! I'm back! I am so sorry I haven't posted this chapter when I promised I would a few months ago. Life has been very hectic with school and I took a small break from writing any and all fanfiction. However, I can say that I have come back with a vengeance and a goal. I will finish this story this week! This is no empty promise either. The other chapters will be written out and will be posted when I write them, which is how this story has moved along, so that's nothing new. I'm sorry again, but I hope this short little installation will keep you coming back for the last bit I have planned.
John released a very angry breath he didn’t know he was holding in. He went down onto the couch and laid down. He stared at the left most corner of the ceiling and focused on his breathing in an attempt to calm himself down. John closed his eyes, and before he knew it, he had drifted off to sleep.
I was so swept up in my own emotions that day that I couldn’t be truly happy for you. I hate admitting this and I hate to even think about it, but sometimes the truth is even more painful then you could ever expect.
The following letters are for your eyes and your eyes only. Please do not allow anyone else to read them. This is my last wish.
“Well, Irene, you really didn’t give me enough time to actually get ready… You kind of just jetted over here.”
Did you like it? I hope so! If you did, please let me know by commenting or leaving a kudos! Thank you, lovely readers! <3
