it, and he knew the body extricating itself from the light too. But he didn’t want to know, didn’t want to remember.
since he’d had so little experience in it over the last few years – honestly, he and Crowley becoming each other’s sex fall-backs had started making him lazy. They didn’t flirt – they usually yelled about work some and then invited the other one home.
“Rare cancer in its early stages. They wouldn’t have known until it was too late.”
Somehow, he’d almost forgotten the family Purpose.
Dean scrambled downstairs to answer the still ringing phone. “Just a minute,” he yelled and started methodically pressing every likely-looking button available to press. For a moment before Dean eventually landed on the right button by luck he thought he heard a man’s chuckle down the phone. It was a nice laugh, Dean let himself think as he looked out the window to watch the gates swing open… and the ugliest car he had ever seen in his life drive through them.
“Such faith you have in my abilities when yesterday you still doubted what I was.”
Intimidating and… thrilling.
“Oh, mine.”
Cas raised an eyebrow, hopeful. “Yes?”
Hesitantly, as though he wasn’t sure he had permission, Cas stroked a hand down Dean’s cheek. “I think I’d like that.”
Cas smiled, looking down bashfully, as though Dean had just gifted him with some kind of great and lofty compliment. “Well, I suppose it’s worth a try. Though, I’ll confess I’m possibly not the best at looking to deal with healing old traumas.”
Cas had definitely thought about it.
Dean picked up the glass filled with pink liquid which had materialised next to him and downed it in one, then continued to clutch at the empty glass, concentrating on not allowing his hands to shake.
me, but that I was going to find out anyway, would you tell me or wait for me to find out on my own?”
Charlie shrugged. “…
“Then why the hell am I sitting here with a sprained ankle?”
“It does help that she’s small.”
The big man cocked his head to one side, and Sam no longer had doubts about his comprehension. He was listening very closely to whatever Sam was going to say next.
"But you do what you have to, man. I ain’t got no place left to make judgements from. I probably never did. I just... I wanted to help the people I loved. And mostly they were good people. But now there’s just you and me. And maybe we’re not good people anymore, and maybe we’re not even people. But if this is how I go then I’m grateful.”
“I don’t think it’d be that hard, even,” Dean put in again, moodily, for the fourth time on their second morning as he watched Cas make himself a coffee from behind the Starbucks counter.
Cas tried to politely ignore this, but eventually couldn’t help himself. “You know there’s lozenges in -”
Cas hadn’t moved far. Instead of standing behind the bar he was now out in the middle of the departure area. And he was surrounded by monsters. With his arms outstretched and his face cold he’d never looked more like a marble statue. There were about six of them, and Dean recognised the type: scales covered their scalps and ran down their spines, that began to ridge and curve. He’d come up against them with Sam once, a lifetime ago, and christened them raptors, not just for the general reptilian vibe but for the long talon like nail they had growing out of their forefingers that looked straight out of
“But it’s like… a week to Christmas.”
Leaning back on the couch, Cas crossed his arms. It was forty minutes into the first episode and he was incensed. “It’s all a lie. This isn’t about being blind – which seems like it could be uniquely offensive to those who are – it’s about removing outer contexts. And you need those contexts to tell you who a person is. You don’t learn about someone by a prepared speech they can give you through a wall, you learn about them from how much they tip, how they deal with being sick or in pain, how they speak to other people they’re not so motivated to impress. This isn’t breaking love down to its essentials – its trivialising it into something you can package yourself for.”
The poor bartender, who looked about nineteen and clearly not happy with being left alone on such a big event, managed a “uhhhh….”
“See, what you need, boss, is a holiday.”
had failed. It was one thing to punch God in the face and tell him they weren’t gonna give him the ending he wanted. It was another one to actually see the ending coming in time to stop it, and Dean hadn’t the last time, not until that very last moment.
night.” Slumping down next to Cas on the couch, smiling at assumedly the concern, Dean leant back on Cas, his head on Cas’s thigh, and held up his phone. “Look!” A little thumbnail was displayed, of Dean with the glasses on, mouth hanging half open in constructed surprise. Below was a title.
“No.”
Which he was hopefully going to prove was some horrible coincidence.
Sam usually struggled with remembering how to hug people a lot smaller than him, but with Eileen she seemed to fit in his arms like she belonged there. Even if everything else about their interactions had gotten more awkward.
“Yeah, well that was a whole load of crap.” Dean looked up and for a moment Sam missed the pretence, wanted Dean to paste on a smile even if he didn’t mean it. But he forced himself to keep looking. Maybe he owed his brother that.
Sam knew without checking that behind him Cas would be staring back.
“Really?”
Dean frowned. “Well that’s… cheerful.”
to love him this time –
“You feel pretty amazing too,” Cas said, wishing he hadn’t apparently ran through all his smart one-liners already. “But could we just… shift a little? I feel like I’m going to fall off the couch.”
“Statistically likely. And you enjoy wearing lingerie.”
“Cas?”
“Not exactly, Sam.”
? You’re not exactly giving me a whole lot of details here. Maybe I was wrong about not wasting you,” Dean added when nothing he was saying seemed to encourage a response.
The man raised his eyebrows cynically but there was something glittering there in those dark eyes that told Dean he wasn’t feeling as grumpy as he looked. “Standing in a horsebox right here, man. Take a fucking guess.”
Dean grinned and pulled out a dusty bottle from under the kitchen counter. Above him hung a little tin sign that exclaimed
“What’s so wrong with the work I’m doing already?” It didn’t matter that Dean had a whole list of answers to that question. What did the people he worked for, the people he was supposed to be protecting think he was doing wrong. “Is Jo gonna be ok?”
, he wished he wasn’t.
So maybe he should have guessed or said something. But he’d been having the best time of his life and as far as he’d known then the world wasn’t wired to have monsters running through it. Or, apparently, angels.
“Ah yes, your paramour.” Michael gave a little smile, as though amused by a private joke. “Cas won’t continue fighting when you’re gone. He didn’t before. Why do you think I worked so hard to send you away?”
Dean felt his face burn. “Something like that. I’d had a look at a few ideas about the Empty, most of it looked easier to manage from up here.”
“You don’t want me with you?”
“3B.”
“Don’t worry about Dean,” Cas said aloud. “He thinks that someone always needs to be the grumpy one in a room. More bark than bite.”
Mostly because the guy who sat next to him in astronomy had a dumb-ass three syllable name, a painfully dry sense of humour and a head of hair that always made him look like he’d just rolled out of someone else’s bed.
so i had a lot more ideas for their ending than i thought i did, who knew!
Dean shrugged helplessly, unable to offer anything in his own defense. He’d been chief sound editor on the last two, very popular, games the company had made. And every other day Eileen still managed to catch him out and make him forget that she had no idea whether he was any good at his job.
It was when they stopped that night that Dean finally got to meet a few of his fellow prisoner-performers outside the one sharing his cage.
“Bit of a culture shock then.”
Sam breathed out slowly. He had to believe it. He had to believe that his brother was in there somewhere, because if not, he was putting all these people’s lives in danger for nothing. Because a pack of unknown purple-eyed monsters would be coming for them while they were still weeks of trekking away from their own compound and that was all on Sam.
Dean blinked and registered a hand offered down to him. And it wasn’t a hand he could consider eating.
“Or what about fairies -” Sam pressed on.
Dean was so hungry.
Castiel. Huh.
After only thinking about making a meal plan, Cas retreated to his room, and wrote up some notes for a song, but, hating it, ended up napping to an old Ken Burns documentary. He woke up wishing he didn’t hate himself for not being more productive, and decided that he could at least make progress in making things easier between him and Dean even if his heart wasn’t in any useful things he could progress in. Maybe he could suggest a card game? That was something people still did, right?
Cas sighed, slumping down towards his laptop. “Well, then he gave me a hug and said he never wanted to push me into something I was uncomfortable with.”
“Foot fetishists are everywhere,” Dean said knowingly. “People will pay good money to get their hands on a photo of a sexy subject like this.” He narrowed his eyes playfully. “And if you’re one of them, then I’m afraid I’m gonna have to start charging for this session.”
“…no.”
“Saying hi to new friends is more important.”
“People dying right now, everywhere,” Dean muttered as he opened the door. Which was bad. He knew it didn’t matter how loud he was when he prayed, but it still felt disrespectful somehow not to speak up. “Say they’re closing the bar next week. Might not have this job for long.” As he closed the door behind him, Dean clung to the bannister for support. “World just never stays saved, huh? All these apocalypses that Chuck wrote – none of them are going to kill as many people as this will. Jack really just going to let it play out?”
Dean shut his mouth and proceeded to nod slowly. “Understood. We may have a problem later though.”
“No, it’s not. See,” he met Cas’s eye now, somehow looking steadier in that than Cas thought he had in years, “I think you know that we love you. That I don’t just need you here with me, because you’re helpful, that I -”
“See, I think I’d say that’s just
“C’mon, put it on pause, I wanna ask you something.”
“And you didn’t?”
“So where’s Cas?” Dean started again.
? Did you see Jack?”
It was Dean speaking but it wasn’t quite Dean’s voice. It was Dean having gargled gravel and his eyes still weren’t sparking with any recognition when he looked over at Sam.
“My family would be so disappointed in me.”
“I was
Even in a committed (ha!) relationship with Lilith, Ruby had been known as an ice queen. She’d been aware it wasn’t making her happy but did have a kind of pride in it. She didn’t cry, and definitely not for an audience, and she didn’t soften easily for anything. Charlie used to go through a faze of counting the amount of times Ruby genuinely would express an emotion without sarcasm.
They all looked uneasy about which way to face, but eventually the closest one to Dean got brave enough to start inching its way towards him. At that insult, Cas’s eyes flared meaningfully to life.
, she physically, actually, had. She’d allowed herself a good cathartic woman scorned movie moment. And that had been satisfying for a minute there. She’d watched the waves, just as she might have when she’d been eight years old and visiting her grandma.
“I didn’t say onboard,” Cas corrected him, raising a finger.
The old man grunted as though that was an acceptable answer. “So, your girlfriend dumped you.”
“It’s fine, Sammy,” Dean assured him without looking up. “I’ve had my rabbit. I’ll stay put this time.”
“Today’s been good. I feel like me like this, when I’m driving.” Dean swallowed. “I was worried I wouldn’t remember how.”
“Sorry. We… we don’t have any tequila, sir.”
“What? No,
She fiddled with the buttons for a few moment before she felt two long arms winding around her waist from behind her and Sam put his right hand over her own and switched on the boiled correctly.
The scenery wasn’t exactly meeting her expectations either. Ok, so she was cynical, and she always,
“Cas?”
After scanning perfunctorily back through her memories – when did we get back, how did we get back, why did I ask him home, did we sleep together,
“Bela was a jewel thief,” Charlie explained, eyes wide with exaggerated innocence.
Dean had been relieved he didn’t want to eat Cas – that there was
Something about Cas’s tone made Dean think back to whatever it was Sam had been trying to say. Maybe he did take Cas for granted too much. Maybe he should be taking him out to theatres for reasons other than hauntings. Cinemas, too. Hell, Dean wouldn’t ever be that guy, but maybe Cas was an art museum guy.
“Where –
“I did.”
But it was just… true. Dean was always attractive, but he never normally looked like this – like he was completely vulnerable in ways that had nothing to do with how naked he was. Exposed, and revelling in that.
And he didn’t want Ketch to watch him go and think he was upset.
from.”
“How come a demon?” Dean asked, voice feeling hoarse. This was real, the was happening to him, he was never going to see his family again and if he did they’d probably want to see him dead.
Dean finds a housewarming gift.
for me, so, been better.”
Sam stared up at the church, or chapel, really, in silence. “You’re right. Keep a perimeter outside. But it looks quiet, and it’s still daylight. I’m going in, but no one else needs to follow.”
He took a few steps out and up from the Bunker’s door, quickly confirming that no one seemed to out looking for their newly lost dog. Sam didn’t want to think it, because the bedraggled little mutt reminded him painfully of the dog Rowena had once made of Jack, and because it was sitting so calmly in his arms, but that almost definitely meant this was something bad. Sighing, Sam pulled out the silver knife on his belt. When this garnered only mild interest from the dog, he smiled.
and this guy was definitely dead. Very dead. There was nothing Dean could do to help him.
“True. You’ve got shitty taste.”
The man rolled his eyes and entire body away from Dean. “And of course, she wouldn’t mention this…”
“This isn’t a fucking competition, Cas. Don’t see you out there trying to eat anyone.”
There was only one logical way to finish that announcement now, Dean reminded himself. But he still winced when he heard it.
“’t’s weird.”
“I hooked up with a few guys. In college.”
Said sad eyes narrowed, but to her relief they didn’t look mad at her. If anything he still looked nervous, like he wasn’t sure if she was going to explode.
“You never told me what happened to her,” Dean said after a beat, keeping his eyes on the wall as Cas took his time in answering.
Dean’s mouth twitched, but lacked the energy behind the motion to take on a full smile. “Nah, just someone from back home.”
Certain now that this was all some kind of scam he’d let himself walk into that he just hadn’t figured out the angle to yet, Dean got himself through the gate, and then remembered the key code for the front door too. And then he was through.
“So you never see
Well, until he’d stopped talking altogether, and then he’d gone.
“I’ve lost people before,” Eileen said after a few moments. “My first love actually -”
“He kept on coming back to our Dad with new research he’d found – every other freakin’ day for a while. Telling us how dogs were supposed to be great for seeing ghosts, or recognising curses. How he’d get it trained up to help us out in fights.” He shook his head and leaned down to scratch at the dog’s belly. “I’d love to see him try that with this one.”
Sam had allowed the memory of the fear, the awe, he’d felt seeing the power hiding inside his friend, to fade up until now. Cas was his friend, not a threat. Now, hearing the way Cas’s tone became an order without him needing to raise his voice, he remembered, and he felt something primal in him want to run, or fall to his knees and hide his face.
Cas started moving, and at first Dean thought Cas was coming towards him, but instead he was paying attention to the water as he started walking along the beach. Dean kept pace and watched Cas’s expression remain peaceful.
“Do you think -” she seemed unusually unsure of what to say next. “Do you think it would have been me you brought back if it wasn’t for…”
Ruby waved a hand dismissively. “I remember.” But she hadn’t. Maybe, and god forbid the thought, but Ash was right, and she did need to get away from work.
“… you’re such a dork.”
He had been back to America only once since they’d left when he’d been fifteen, and that had been a stag weekend to Vegas. It was weird, he’d always meant to go back. For ages he hadn’t because of the expense, and maybe because… well he’d always assumed Sam would want to go back with him. But Sam had his own stuff going on to tie him here.
“Good behavior,” Victor grunted, face now appearing in his horsebox. “Is she gone?”
it would be saying what it was saying. Finally, crafting a mostly typo-free reply took
“Oh, and you just get to make those decisions for me now, huh?”
Now that his hands were free of the dog, which Cas was now fussing over, smoothing over its little fluffy curls that never sat flat, Dean slapped his hands down on his knees to steady himself.
Dean’s eyes widened, searching Cas’s face desperately for the joke, the trick. “You can’t get married. You’re in love with me.”
And Sam remembered to feel afraid again.
“I’ve been an idiot. But you’ve actively been
“Do I get a hug?”
“Remind me, he’s older, right?”
horse.”
“We need to keep this strictly work. It’s a one-time thing, unless we talk about it first. with pre-discussed scripting.”
“I’m sure I read that somewhere… point is, he might not appreciate the Hallmark movie speech if that’s what you were planning to pin all this on.”
“I swear to you, I really -”
“I was going to say sweet.”
He looked at his brother, at Jo, and knew he’d got himself back enough to tear himself to pieces before he touched them, but he couldn’t help wanting to, and he’d never be able to trust himself around them. He couldn’t sink back into the comforting ignorance of hunting without consequence – because now there would always be consequences, even if only delivered by his own brain. Cas had woken that up again.
“I think,” Dean started as he followed him. “I think for me it was when you had to rescue me from Zachariah. When he caught up with me and sent me into the creepy fake future. I was just so relieved you were there like you said you’d be, and that you weren’t future you.”
Before walking back into the room he checked his phone again. Still a big load of nothing from their Dad.
His bedroom door seemed to creak more than it ever had as he walked back out into the hall.
“Where did you leave the condoms?”
“It honestly would be better for them if I had died.” Once, the words would have been difficult to say, but Cas had had nearly a decade of practice now. Besides, hearing himself reiterate the truth of the situation out loud always helped remind him of how utterly ridiculous it was.
“My room’s tidier.”
And then his father had died, an awful, human death. A stroke. If any of the family had known it was coming, they would have been able to heal it away, but despite all of their supposed divine prescience none of them had been able to.
“What?”
Sam flinched, making Dean feel like a piece of shit. But God, Dean wanted to be angry about something. If this money thing didn’t work, he’d been played like an idiot. If it did, then his brother was going to leave him and their Dad to their ‘wasted life’ and Dean was going to have stopped his family tearing itself apart by breaking it up himself.
“What’s wrong with here?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(Especially like
By the time Sam had re-opened the door she had managed to half re-do her make-up and spritz perfume all over herself, and had gotten midway through an internalised speech reminding herself that the guy was drunk, and would probably barely know or care what she looked like.
ooooooooooone christmas i'll finish this fic
“You don’t bake?”
“Yeah, but Cas…”
meant – he was just… Yeah.
But Dean didn’t let him flee, and he didn’t let things get weird. He clung onto Cas’s back, stroking circles around his vertebrae, and stared right into his eyes. Not sure how to look away, Cas leaned in towards him, getting dangerously close to the wet patch over Dean’s torso.
As far as Sam understood, Cas’s sister had spent a lot of time on her quest to end the ongoing apocalypse searching for ways to undo its affects along with halting its progress. She’d found some things, but not enough to give her any concrete ideas on what to do next. But in their stumbling around Michael’s empty office only a few hours ago she’d finally found something to help her put the puzzle pieces together.
“Believe me, kid. I was here a hell of a long time before any of this stuff turned up.”
Still trying not make much of a noise, Cas let his head thunk back on the doorframe. He had no idea who Dean was on the phone to, but he had a very good idea who and what he was referring to.
he looks pretty when he sleeps, did I remember to take my make-up off – and found that the answers to all were mundane enough to satisfy her (bar the make-up issues because that definitely wasn’t just sleep clogging the corners of her eye) she sat up. The light which made her wince was pouring in through the uncovered window facing the bed told her that it had to be at least mid-morning – the sun didn’t seem to come out much here in the morning, not in winters.
He was still himself, even if he didn’t know it. Still, underneath, the same Dean whose face lit up like a beacon when something good happened to him, the same Dean who’d once made Cas watch interminable days worth of old cowboy movies, the same Dean who worried about how well his brother was adjusting, who made jokes when he was in pain.
“Look, if we want to do this well, we have to look into what’s successful on the same site. This one has some of the highest number of hits for a video containing two men, and I’m trying to figure out what’s working for them.”
some more trigger stuff for mental health not being talked about great and suicidal tendencies and mild gore?
“…Why would I have a problem with that? Dean, you’re not making any sense.”
Cas lifted his head only to thunk it back against the headboard. “It’s too early in the relationship to scare you off with that. You’ve not seen me play yet.”
No. Like the walk of fame, Cas corrected himself firmly. Getting a chance to get to know Bobby Singer had been incredible, and he was grateful to Dean for making it happen, for having that charming ability to just meet someone and bring them home - or call them in the middle of the day with no pre-warning – but he had admittedly spent a lot of the evening wishing that they’d been alone.
“Did I say that?”
Something about her face softened then, and Cas had often wondered later what his sister would have said to him next. But in the end, he didn’t get the chance to find out.
dude, you feel
“You kept some pretty big secrets the whole time we knew each other – I can’t have one or two things under my hat?” Dean snorted and turned away, but Cas only seemed to become more frantic by this, to the point of crouching beside Dean, again fruitlessly trying to meet his eyes.
just been thinking about the house’s actual occupant. Right.
“What was it I said yesterday about my diet?”
“Yup.” She grinned. “’Sides. Can’t remember anyone making me breakfast ever, so the thought still counts for a load.”
Cas didn’t really know what it was though. “I didn’t find the original movies as compelling as I was told they would be, and I’ve been informed that the prequels are actively bad, so what would endear me to them?”
Sam felt his face spasm from the effort of holding back the laugh, the sob, that wanted to burst out of him. He didn’t really want to leave – Eileen would probably never forgive him. But the idea of fighting this hard for the last of his family only to let him go for an unknown length of time – and to maybe never see him again –
“I don’t think he wants to try,” Victor said, as Charlie looked at the floor as she swung sadly from her perch.
“I know.” Sam nodded towards the side of camp he’d sent all his best fighters. “Downwind, right?” He watched the monster’s expression freeze a little and gave a smile of his own. “Figured you all seem to rely on your noses so much – you’ve probably learnt to rely on that, right?”
After making an attempt at raising a hand in a wave and finding that his hands and claws wouldn’t obey him, he tried to yell out something about how ‘Demon of Dakota’ wasn’t smart or accurate, but all that was able to come out of his mouth was a strangled growling sound.
“… and you were totally surly-polite about the whole thing. But then he left – and, ok, even I was relieved about that by then – and I just caught you muttering to yourself.” Dean lowered his chin into itself, a sure sign he was about to attempt an impression . ““Fucking finally.”” Starting to laugh at the memory, Dean’s free hand reached up to clasp Cas’s carefully in his own. “I had no idea what a bitch you were!”
Laughing, Cas sat himself up straighter in the bed. He still had no job, the world was still a mess, his neck ached from sitting strangely and he was still painfully aware that he needed to tidy his room.
“Don’t give me that.” There was an inviting curl to the edge of Dean’s mouth at that, and for a moment, Cas dared to hope it might become a fully-fledged patented smirk.
“Aaaaand cut!” Dean said, serving Cas a face-splitting grin. “I think that’s us, buddy.”
“Because…” Cas looked away, back to the warm glow from the camp and realised that he was fighting off tears. Dean was right: he was a monster who had no memory of who he was. But he protected those children like his own. And he acted like he was in control of the conversation even though he’d been tied up. He was still talking like he expected his new “family” to show up at any moment, though it had been over half a day with no sign of them: he still had too much faith in the ones he loved.
“I’m not nuts, I wasn’t bashed over the head and I’m not cursed,” Dean snapped at them. “I saw something weird, but we deal in weird, so listen to me.” He stood himself up straight and leant back against the wall. As he looked at the dog he almost seemed… guilty.
“A holiday thing.”
Taking a long breath out and half-convinced that this was a dream after all, Dean took a shaky step out of bed, and wandered out to the communal showers. He was so concerned with checking his face for blood in the mirror that he almost tripped over the body.
“Uh-huh.”
“Your powers of observation are astonishing as always, Fergus,” Bela noted.
Human mythology was filled with grand tales of what happened when his people fell in love with humans. Beautiful stories of tragedy, usually, which depicted the angels as gods, or monsters, or some other unknowable force. They usually became captivated out of some quality in their chosen human – by their supernatural ability to play an instrument; their great prowess in battle.
“Ok, I’m gonna hang up now.”
Deciding to think no further about the future than the next few hours, Cas chose
Cas had never wanted to hit his brother so badly.
Cas smiled. He did, but even if he hadn’t he’d still never have been able to say no.
“Cas…”
“He told me once he doesn’t have a soul,” Charlie murmured. But I think he must have, once. And I think somebody broke it.”
was what your family were planning on.”
Jack sat down and took a breath. “I wanted to see you tonight, because I remember wondering at the time what it would take to make you happy enough. Happiness felt like it might be in reach, but you didn’t seem concerned. But I understand now.”
“The one you slept with?”
But Cas looked away, and didn’t know how to look back.
“How come I’m the only one showing any skin?”
Cas did smile for that, suspecting that Dean needed to see it. Dean had, to his credit, taken Cas’s secret deal made with the Empty shockingly well – he really had been working hard on the anger issues lately – but the devastated look on his face when he’d realised that Billie and Cas were serious and, worse, right, about this being their one shot to reach Jack hadn’t left his eyes since. And when he was able to look directly at Cas, his attention remained fixed on the chain Cas now wore around his neck. The weight of it made it difficult for Cas to ignore too.
Cas does research.
“No,” Dean growled. Then Cas started to notice how twitchy his roommate had become. He knew from impoverishing experience that Dean was an excellent poker player, but he did have some tells, and all of them were on full display now.
Of course the young had not been left alone.
been doing better.
Dean glared at the hand Castiel had placed so caringly, so certainly on his leg.
Dean shrugged. “They had to leave. Now tie me up again.”
“The footprint,” Cas asked again. “Did it look like it was a foot or a shoe?”
“Even if there was some way they had to fix you, you’d need more therapy than I’d know how to provide.”
. I’ve been following your shit for years, I had no idea you were…”
“It’s Winchester.”
Backing himself slowly into the wall, Dean fought the urge to laugh.
“Fuck, kid, I’m not that old.”
“Hey,” Dean said, clutching a hand around the door. “Still on the
“…the Demon of Dakota!”
“…yeah, alright.” Bobby shrugged. “Not like I’m busy…”
The monster smiled, eyes flashing purple. “Funny, I’m still pretty food oriented,” he said mildly. “Now you got some people of mine. How many of you do I have to take down before I can get ‘em back?”
Cas felt something like panic lurch in his guts. “What happened?”
“Hey,” Dean said, belatedly announcing himself as he started clunking his way down the staircase. “How’ve you been.”
Dean nodded sharply, and Sam moved to sit down beside him.
And Dean had watched a lot of movies in his life.
“God, you’re such a sap.” Dean burrowed himself closer to Cas’s side. “All that liked-me-from-the-first-moment stuff, like where do you even
Sam’s mouth squirmed up in a strained smile as he nodded and started walking forwards. Dutifully, the others followed, forming the suggested perimeter around the building.
Though obviously still reluctant and clearly nursing some embarrassment, the old man told him and Dean punched it into google maps.
Fuck, he was just so tired of being alone.
Sam shook his head, feeling seconds away from bawling like a small child. “The others. Your new family.”
Cas sighed. “Get out of my room, Dean.”
but you cannot say that I owe you one. I actively discouraged you from seeking a relationship with her, because… Charlie, what did I say?”
After the short struggle, they’d succeeded in restraining Dean and the two seemingly feral children and backing them against the altar. Sam didn’t know what would have happened if the others hadn’t followed inside at the sound of the struggle. Certainly both he and Cas had been too stunned at Dean’s appearance to have brought him down on their own. Now, whatever kind of monster he might be, Dean watched them with eyes darting around them watchfully but not fearfully, reminding Sam more than anything of a cat.
“See,” Dean said, floppily raising one arm up from the chair, “that’s what I said! Anyway, now Sam’s ran off on another hunt with his not-girlfriend.” He shook his head. “I feel too old for that, now. If you find another hunt within the next twenty-four hours just, just hold it, alright?”
Cas snorted. They were back on their couch again, mildly exhausted from their long, ridiculous photo shoot. When you started taking photos at four o’clock, the lighting was always going to be poor wherever you went. He still didn’t feel up to removing ever single lamp they owned from the bathroom again, but he knew they were going to have to soon.
And was that burning toast?
“Don’t go,” he said when he broke away for air, the words somehow harder to get through than the “I love you” had been. “I know you’re busy. But just… don’t leave.”
A kid who might end up ending the world, a kid who’d already taken away so much of it, but a kid.
Despite walking, Dean still nearly succeeded in tripping over a man sitting in a wheelchair on the sidewalk in front of him. The problem was – and this was not Dean’s fault – that the man had been rolling along at a hefty pace before stopping suddenly.
Cas blinked, amused. “What voice?”
“Awesome.”
“Yeah, you always are.”
Dean stumbled and stopped his approach, arms outstretched towards Michael’s waist ready topple him over because he’d noticed before Michael the thunderclap that had just boomed out behind him, and the red haired woman with shining eyes who’d appeared there. Wordlessly, with her wings of lightning rising behind her, the woman – Anna, surely this had to be Anna – forced Michael down in a vicious chokehold before he could say anything or even turn to acknowledge her.
Dean took his time turning around. Just like his long drive, maybe he finally wanted to savour things.
gesture that it had Cas stop and smile, enjoying the image of Dean pouting at the table.
They got the kids home safe. The local kid they’d left money to look after Miracle had overfed her again, but Dean would forgive them. His dog looked so damn happy about everything.
Which, if Cas was being honest with himself, was probably the main reason he hadn’t taken to Bela.
He was thrilled to see Sam alive and healthy. But Sam was so excited he was talking with his hands and Dean wanted to concentrate on what his brother was saying but fingerbones had such good marrow to them.
Cas screwed up his face in concentration. “About the primaries?”
Cas brandished the tortilla packet. “And what do you want me to do with these?”
“Just… Dean, was this… This can’t be legal, or
“You. Last night. Repeatedly.”
“But you knew. You knew the whole fucking time –
“We left last night,” his nurse told him, bluntly but not unkindly.
“Well maybe Dean got sick differently. They say symptoms show up strangely -”
“Fly?”
Walking in past their guards to the children’s tent, Cas allowed himself to accept that Sam was right. He did owe them all closure, if nothing else. Because finding Dean hadn’t done that yet.
“Are you going to tell me where we’re going?”
Cas was almost ready for sleep when Sam came and found him. Almost, because although he was in clothes he was happy to sleep in and his bedroll was ready and had even had been offered a space in the tent, he wasn’t even remotely tired yet.
.” He slapped his hands back down on the steering wheel and narrowed his eyes at the timber frames of the house that were half hidden by the trees. “Do you think they have the Blades Room still set up in there?”
“So, there’s no reason we can’t finish finding the grave tomorrow, is there?”
Dean tried to swear, to shout something out to Cas, but again all that came out was a guttural sort of roar. He tried his best to walk away as the angel continued his advance towards him, but found that the edge of the stage was as far as he was physically able to move without every muscle in his body seizing up, frozen. He really was going to have to fight.
“Every. Single. Time,” Victor said, amazed.
Cas licked his lips and nodded. He hadn’t expected Dean to be so willing to talk to him so much so soon. Maybe if he could just… “Dean, I -”
Dean smiled, and bit down on his lip like he wished he wasn’t. Then he turned to the TV. “Nah, I’m too tired for movies anyways. I want dumb TV.”
But Cas wouldn’t look at him.
“Right?” Dean continued to smile, but the expression was starting to get twitchier now.
Dean blinked. “…how’d you figure that?”
“That makes sense. He’s been saying for years how few angels are left. They probably really need him – Jack probably really needs him. I mean I know he’s
“Ok, this is bullshit.”
was for the depressed and in denial, was something she’d once told Charlie.
“I’m sick!” Squirming further under his side of the covers, Dean coughed loudly. “And I wanted to hear what you had to say about it,” he added on a mumble.
Suddenly a ghost of one of Sam’s earlier charming smiles finally made its reappearance. “No, please, would you like to – uh, to come in?”
“You were fired by
But Dean had chased him away. So now it was Sam, again, looking at him like he had him back from the dead. Sam, whose flesh would taste so good. And the children he should be looking after, that it was his
That slight smile was a little wider this time, to Dean’s delight. “So, what is it you do, Dean?”
“Dude. The fuck are these frogs’ eggs doing in my fizzy wine?” Dean hissed to Victor the moment they were handed their first free glass of the night. His friend gave a critical eye to the prosecco.
Dean wanted to laugh. Sam still used the same careful tone to broach a topic he was worried would offend people. It had been a long time since he’d had to use it with Dean, if ever.
Ruby sighed and crossed her arms, finally remembering that she was supposed to be annoyed with this guy. “Cool. Well, Dean’s in California. I’m Ruby - hi, by the way. I live in California. Usually. We met online and decided to swap houses. Apparently that’s a thing.”
“Am I missing one?”
Dean’s white knight to the rescue. His white knight in very grubby not-armor who wouldn’t even look at him as he leapt over Dean, a wicked, ancient-looking sword held in his hands that he used to swing back and effortlessly cut across his brother’s torso. Again, Michael wasn’t even given the chance to scream or beg or
“Dean… is this necessary?”
A giant lady like that definitely had big shoes to fill. Ha.
“Good planning. You gonna ask me to move in now?”
“So…” Dean started dragging his fork in circles around his clean bowl. “I know we’ve not exactly talked about it yet, but in the spirit of your
“I was just thinking you seemed like a famously good kisser.”
“Things might become… awkward.”
“We did.” Cas sat down on his coat, barely bothering to keep himself dry. “Sam thinks I should speak to you. But I’m  -”
Eileen bit down on her lip as Dean raised an eyebrow. “And he spoke back?”
The first to come through had its head cleanly swiped off by Dean’s blade, spraying the one behind it in blood. That one was smart enough to lunge at him over its friend’s corpse, but Dean had already grabbed a tall lamp behind them to block its path as he tried to catch his breath.
“I’m thinking about it,” Cas admitted, realising that he was being honest.
“Dean?”
Cas hadn’t been this deep into the Eastern Wilds for a very long time. It wasn’t that he was scared to venture out – thanks to a mixture of natural abilities and acquired skills there was little which could threaten him. But it made him sad, seeing the wreckage that had been made of the world
“Now to figure out what makes me happy…” Cas muttered, still clutching the chain Billie had left him with. Someone with Jack’s power could apparently use it to make it out of the Empty – if some poor idiot was able to get it to him there.
Cas felt his arm twitch. He wasn’t much of hugging type, but he felt like a pat on the arm or
“I – I might be able to call my sister before we get back. I’ll try later, see if we can figure out some sort of plan.”
Cas’s guess about the previous owner’s mountaineering ambitions seemed correct, and he found himself several working maps over the night that could get them out of the area easier than they’d have managed alone. Though, alone was no longer the same now that they were working and walking together. They didn’t always talk, and at least once a day Dean’s face would twitch and go a little blank and Cas would know he was about to make chase after something. Every time, Cas would give him an unnecessary nod of permission and Dean would dash away. Cas would keep walking and Dean would usually find him after a few hours, sometimes bringing something back for Cas to cook for himself later. Dean didn’t speak to him for a whole evening when Cas dared to compare the behaviour to that of his childhood cat.
“So, when you have a night out in town…” Ruby said, sitting down, blocking the blanket from view.
“Basically. Considering running back now, too.” She smiled up at him, trying to keep it self-deprecating and not entirely self-pitying. “Thought break-ups might be easier to get through on the opposite side of the world.”
That wasn’t something he could ever be happy choosing.
Dean grinned, his green eyes sparkling with more life than Cas had seen in them in weeks. “Would it make you start laying off about me forgetting to buy toilet paper if it was?”
“Because I wanted to find what happened to you. And now I know. And I think that despite everything, you might be happier out here than you would be in with us. At least without your memory. And if Sam couldn’t get you to remember, then…”
“Isn’t it great?”
“Marshmallows!”
“Alright. Thoughts on handcuffs?”
Ruby considers booking a flight.
“…ok. And how would you want me to manage that without lasagne sheets?”
“What?”
Ruby tried not to cough. “Uh. No. No, I don’t plan to.”
Those were not his hands, or at least not the hands he’d had a few hours ago. These hands were red, and not in an inflamed way, in an actual bright santa red way, with a scattering of what looked like snake scales, and fingers that ended in short black claws.
Cas Milton eventually stopped walking and faced Dean. “Uh… yes.”
Despite his reservations, Cas found that their creation was as tasty as the desperation it had been requested with would suggest. “So when did you come up with this?”
“It was a
“Something Lilith called you?”
Rolling his eyes, Dean leaned back against the kitchen unit, hand groping around for the coffee he’d left beside him. “Routine salt and burn, Sammy. We got it.” Dean took a slow drink to hide his smile. “Cas stayed up and found where our guy’s buried.”
“Are there demons?”
“A little.”
ended the world,
Sitting up, Ruby groaned at the slight ache of her head. She’d need to get moving if she ever wanted to get those flights booked and transport to the plane of course and…
“Newsflash: there’s none. So like I said, not working.”
“But shouldn’t we…”
“Should I have growled at them?”
“No.”
there, doing the monster carnival equivalent of noting each other’s haircuts.
“Yeah, but you’re not sick yet.” Dean seemed to be getting drowsier again. Cas remembered him saying once that he didn’t like to drink too much since he’d seen how nasty his Dad got on it. It had been a flippant comment, but Cas hadn’t ever seen him drink much, so didn’t imagine he had much of a tolerance, especially not when combined with fever.
“Hey,” he said, craning his neck around with a soft smile as he lightly jumped down behind the bar. “I think the bartenders – or someone – went to town here before they closed.” He frowned. “Or after, maybe.”
As a teenager, Sam had devoured whole libraries worth of apocalyptic fiction. He’d enjoyed the thought exercise of what humanity might start to look like after all its known structures and habitats were destroyed, he’d enjoyed the appearance of monsters, something to draw them all back together again.
That made for an easy excuse not to tell Sam about Cas, about the joy that had brought him. That did feel kind of wrong. But after so long sharing
“You ever think about quitting? Not having to see him every day?”
Dean scowled. The possibility of demons, and the disappearances of all those people were stuff he’d let himself forget about in making this dumb deal. Probably wouldn’t even give them any money, but if he did, and things went bad, well… that would be proof, wouldn’t it? And then Dean could go get him to change things back.
“Sam,” Ruby said, grabbing his wrist and leading him back down the street, “I am more hungover than I’ve probably been in ten years, there are a hundred thousand organic bakeries or whatever in L.A. and that smells -”
Cas would give anything not to scare it off again.
(It was like he’d
…the dog who was acting much weirder that even its usual weird self. For the last few yards it had been standing straight to attention. Dean had heard of pointer dogs before, but he’d never imagined one so tiny and scrawny looking.
He’d been abandoned. The sting of that truth still reverberated painfully enough to stop him from forgetting that much. He may have been loved, but no one had fought for him. But he had people who would fight for him now. Whoever that happened to be.
Dean should just be content with what he got.
“Well,” Dean continued, in that aggravating voice of reason. “I knew that you seemed familiar to me, and that I didn’t want to harm you. So, family. That sounds right.”
might be appropriate in this situation. If it was someone else, another friend… But Dean had never been a friend, exactly. That had been both the draw and drawback to living with him. So they didn’t hug, and they definitely didn’t arm-pat. It was exactly the kind of easily misinterpretable intimacy that was too dangerous in an apartment this small, and with a roommate who would famously flirt with anything.
And those thoughts all got in before Dean noticed his new tail, at which point his brain needed a few moments to simply shut down.
Dean blinked slowly and again, said nothing.
“I’ve known Dean for a while.”
Suspicious, Dean took the offered mutated hand in his own. “Bela. You’re the one Victor was chasing back in the day.”
“There is an extremely high chance that he’s going to yell at us, yes.”
that Sam felt every morning he woke up to Eileen, somehow alive and in his bed, already awake and smiling at him.
Cas narrowed his eyes at him and Dean smiled back.
Cas shook his head, seeming amused. Then a child appeared by the angel’s side of the cage and he stilled. The little girl – who couldn’t have been more than eight – held up a hand as she stared up at Cas in awe. Dean wasn’t surprised. Their show had run for three nights in a row wherever this place was, and Cas had got himself quite the reputation at Dean’s expense. He still felt like his ankle was clicking funny from the way he’d been thrown across the stage the night before.
And he’d called him by name.
He blinked, eyes returning to normal, and looked up at Sam. “What will you do?” His voice offered no hope, no judgement, no guidance. That was the strangest thing of all. Cas realised that in all his years of knowing and loving Dean he’d never known him not to take charge – not because he was a natural leader, not exactly, but because if there was ever responsibility to claim he would assume it already belonged to him.
It was a nice day for a walk.
I guess this contains spoilers for Love is Blind?? (yes i watched the whole thing in a day what of it)
Luckily for Cas, he hadn’t questioned too hard as to what had made him leave.
Three years before the end of everything arrived, Dean went to college.
Maybe Lilith had happily kept going out with all their mutual friends, including the one she’d been sleeping with, and they’d all got to have a good laugh about how fucking stupid Ruby was.
“Alright,” he said gruffly. Then he gave Miracle her treat and kept moving.
already.”
“That’s really…”
Dean’s grip became a little tighter. Then he pulled away enough to look at Cas, fear swimming to surface of his eyes, and leaned in for a kiss.
Dean stared and didn’t know how to look away. Eventually, he found his voice, and found that it wasn’t a cruel one. “No, none of that was real – not even when it was real,” he said, almost managing a smile. “Things were never that easy with Crowley, or Mom, whenever they were around. Cas never really stayed with us, even when he could.”
you, Cas?”
And, probably most important, he didn’t want to be left to face that he was the last one left standing.
So next chapter's a Dean one...
“A dork who, by your own admission, you love and dread to lose.”
. We are aiming for a passion that is going to break the internet and make us some money.”
Either way - foolproof plan.
“My dad hunts, yeah.”
“Well… yeah, actually,” Sam said with something like a huff. “Not that you could… anyway.” He was looking chill, Ruby noticed, but one of his hands had balled very carefully into a fist. “Guy messing him about hasn’t made it a relationship in years.”
“Hey, same,” said Ruby, still staring at the screen. “So, we were two bisexual messes running away from relationship drama. Huh.”
Dean nodded. “I had to kill my Uncle, when he got bit out there. I don’t want to have to do it again – but I know I would. There couldn’t be anything worse than becoming one of those things out there.”
Though Cas had several optimistic guesses as to where Dean was taking the end of his sentence, he never got to hear it, thanks to the phone in Dean’s pocket going off, loudly. Though Cas avoided social media, he was familiar enough to guess that Dean was getting a facebook call from someone.
Dean tilted his head to one side. “Have you come to give me a speech too?”
“I don’t think I’m sick, Anna.”
“It’s based on my real observations…”
“You know nothing about Hell politics, Samuel, and bless you for it. Being able to cart out a former Knight and “boyking” of Hell still carries some currency.”
“So, what was all that back there?”
“No, but she’ll have me.”
Feeling hyperaware of her own expressions, Ruby nodded and said, “Yes. Total fan.”
“We’re not reporters. We want to talk to you about Bobby Singer.” Feeling grateful that Cas hadn’t tried to shut down that “We”, Dean noticed that Rufus had stopped moving.
“No. He -”
“And that suits you ok?”
And besides, Cas didn’t seem all that into public displays these days, and Dean was fine with that. Through the days he put himself back into danger because that was where he felt most comfortable these days, and during the nights, he’d usually get Cas to himself.
“So how old were you both when you moved?”
“Cas saved you,” Sam tried slowly. “He’d want -”
Cas took a seat in one of the chairs. It would be a long time until the room came together, but it was getting there. Just a TV and some decorations to get in, and then he could show it off to Sam. He didn’t mind Cas seeing it in its current state, Cas never judged.
Not sure how to reply to that, Dean licked over his lips, mind racing as he played for time. “It’s just Crowley,” he said eventually. He would have thought of something better to say, something more to say, but then the yellow light from the woods returned and Dean saw a crack in the world.
…And by 11pm she was possibly more drunk than she’d allowed herself to get in years (which still, admittedly, pathetically, wasn’t all that drunk. She liked keeping in control of herself.) and she had idly started to look up flights home on her laptop.
Yup. Because she was being productive. On… her holiday?
Dean stabbed his ladel into the baked cheese. “This is my world famous macaroni, and I am not gonna hear any criticism on it, so shut up.”
.” Gingerly, Charlie raised a hand to her own cheek. “Is that how…? Did you guys…”
Bobby and possibly the whole rest of the world might be dead or worse, but somehow he and his brother were still kicking, and they didn’t need to worry about tax, or student debt, or what they looked like in the morning or any other dumb petty shit that had ever stressed them out. And after they’d gotten good at staying alive, and they did get terrifyingly good at it, it was sort of like one long surreal camping trip. One afternoon fishing turned into a swimming excursion when Sam lost his footing. They spent a whole week in an abandoned mansion, which, incredibly, still had hot water. Dean made them laugh until they both cried when he found a wardrobe full of perfectly preserved wigs and proceeded to try them all on one by one, creating a new persona for each one. It was so much easier to keep smiling and acting brave when his little brother was there every morning needing to see him smile. Things had to be alright so that he could convince Sam that things were alright.
“No, you don’t,” Victor and Dean tried to say at the same time.
Now with his head lying almost on Cas’s lap, Dean made a face. “It’s been a while since then.”
Cas sat very still, but it seemed to Sam as though he was working which direction it would be most beneficial to spring off in.
“What would you know about it?” Dean asked, sounding genuinely offended as he pulled his sock back on. “No more free previews for you.”
“Yes.”
! So, I didn’t, and…
She mouthed as loudly as she dared.
“Jack,” Sam grinned and did what he’d been wishing he’d done when Jack had disappeared on them, and threw his arms around him. It probably wasn’t cool anymore, to crush god in a hug, but Sam hadn’t had a normal relationship with faith in a much longer than time than he’d last been in a church.
“…yes?”
Crowley’s lips pursed disapprovingly around his straw before he sat up straighter. “You alright, squirrel? You seem… twitchy.”
Looking as though Dean had just verbally slapped him, the angel started paying a lot more attention.
. His brother, the only family he’d had left, was missing, had been missing for over a year, and Sam would do whatever it took to find out what had happened to him out there.
“And you’re not taking a cent.”
“Yeah. You know those fidget spinner thingmies?”
Cas raised his eyebrows and reached down to pull the couch duvet over them both.
Dean choked on his food, and met Cas’s eyes, smiling. Cas just didn’t get tired of making Dean laugh. Whatever happened next between them, he wasn’t sure he could go back to a daily routine where that wasn’t something he was aiming for.
“Tell me about ‘em when you get there.”
“The National Screammaker Awards are this week.” Cas said quietly. “Are you going to be there?”
“Charlie,” she said. “When was the last time I took time off?”
“Whoever abandoned this place left what is now a 30 year MacAllen malt.”
They drove off the next evening in Dean’s lovingly revived truck and they couldn’t keep their hands off each other. There was no traffic or restrictions to worry about and so Cas was obnoxious about distracting the driver, keeping a hand on his thigh, over his hand as it gently guided the steering wheel. Dean would pretend to get annoyed, then he’d pull over and start kissing Cas again like that was some kind of punishment.
“And you didn’t stop them?”
Examining her feelings in a way which might have made her old therapist proud of her Ruby realised that the only reason she hadn’t wanted to continue spending time with San because she was having a good time – and since she wasn’t planning on staying, that good time would soon have to end.
But fifteen hours after he’d texted her,
The ‘angel’ laughed. It wasn’t a happy sound.
It was a beautiful day. The sun was shining on his face, on the hood of his car, and somewhere, he knew that Sam was getting on okay without him. It wouldn’t be easy, but Sam was strong. He’d be strong enough to live, to start again, to get away from it all.
“Oh yeah? What’s that short for?”
“Coffee?”
“Written anything I’ll have heard of?”
Then they got to Cas unbuttoning Dean’s waistcoat and shirt, and Cas reached for the nipple clamps. The batteries were necessary because they vibrated. But since Cas had only tried them out on his fingers so far, he was nervous in actually putting them to their correct use, but Dean looked at him like he didn’t have any worries – like Cas could do whatever he liked to him and he’d just lie there staring at him.
Dean pouted and flopped down onto the couch. “Maybe I was saving it for a special occasion.”
And fuck, did his head hurt.
“Closure.”
But now Dean was almost thirty, he had an entire home full of alcohol, and he might somehow have become the desperate office single, so he felt a little different about it these days.
“Has she been gone?””
And then Dean’s arms were around him.
Completely healed.
Cas had definitely been stuck inside for too long.
His father had always told him that they were there to guard the earth’s people, and pass judgement and punishment on them when the time was right. His mother had always called them the hammers of God. His older brothers always encouraged him to enjoy what humanity had to offer, but to remember that he was better than humans – that he was there to guide them, to observe them.
But he would never believe Dean had killed those people. Sam wished that was just because he was the sort of person who just had that natural amount of faith in his brother, but really it was because none of the story made sense, especially now that he was face to face with what Dean had become. There was a pattern to new monsters – he might not be the expert like Cas, but Sam had seen a lot of them, and it was a taking over, a re-wiring – not going from human to monster overnight. And when Dean had walked away from the compound for the last time, everyone had thought him human. Seeing how smart this version of his brother still was gave Sam some pause, but he remained sure that faking a normal life for several days while secretly murdering people in the night would have been beyond him. No, this monstrous transformation had happened after Dean had left the compound – not before.
“You’re just in time to see it happen.”
And Dean gasped for breath and opened his eyes.
was what got you?”
Dean thought he’d started adjusting to the fact that this really was him for the next two weeks when the cab driver dropped him off and he gave up again.
But it was
“Is it just the idea of all these people watching you that does it for you…?”
Not human children. That much was obvious. The eyes shone a strange purple and their canine teeth were elongated. And then one of them – the girl, who was a little older, at maybe seven or eight – made that horrible screeching noise again.
The man smiled. It was a nice smile, but Dean felt like the man thought it was more comforting than it was. It made Dean want to edge away from him.
“Not scripting like that, scripting like deciding everything we’re going to do before we do it. Who’s going to do what, and when.”
“Come let me love you, let me give my life to you, let me drown in your laughter, let me die in your arms -”
“Yes. Your brother is Lucifer’s vessel. If and when Lucifer is released, it will be Sam he comes for, whose body he uses to bring Hell on Earth.”
Cas looked over, and bit his lip, privately enjoying the sight of how Dean curved his body over the steering wheel, his shoulders suddenly seeming too large and ungainly for the car even though Cas was sure the man was barely any taller than he was. “I think he won’t know if you don’t tell him about it.”
Dean pretended to look chastened, but he was still paying a lot of wide-eyed attention to Cas. It was unnatural, and Cas knew what had to be coming next.
“Hey, I’m trusting you.”
He’d faced his fear and he’d -
Dean opened his eyes and immediately put a clawed hand to the damp spot on his face. Too high to be drool.
“Well, it’s private business of two women I’m close to, so I probably shouldn’t say. But since I’m currently annoyed at both of them… Ruby invited Lilith to live with her, despite all warnings from me, and apparently Lilith has been cheating on Ruby for months, which Ruby found out just yesterday.”
“You didn’t know we were a thing?”
Did it matter?
who you are this whole trip. And you look after people even though you keep yourself back from us. And you love my brother. I know it can’t have been an easy choice – doing, doing what you did, earlier. But you did it because he asked you, right? And then you stopped when he asked that too, huh?”
“Dean, who is this?” Cas said, stepping around his arms. (Because Cas never stayed put, never stayed safe, never
Meaningfully, Cas ran his eyes up and down the bath-robe, the bag of chocolate, the bed-hair, and perched himself on the back of the couch. “Yeah?”
Fighting the weird urge to grab hold of Cas’s hand, Dean decided to finally pick up some initiative and walked forwards, waving only an inch less awkwardly than he knew his brother would. “Hey, how’s it going?”
Dean flashed a grin up at him, and Cas had to again remind himself that this was all real, that he was going to get to keep this.
likes taking control…”
“Nice one.”
At least for once they wouldn’t be struggling for food money.
“Didn’t think it was your turn on watch, Cas,” Sam pointed out as he took a seat across from the biologist on one of the logs they’d dragged over to their fire the night before.
When he’d first been born he’d
The other monsters’ eyes skittered back to each other. They understood, they’d heard the order in it, but they were hungry. Then, as one, they leapt towards Cas. Instinctively Dean rushed towards them with a growl but stopped in his tracks as he heard Cas scream, “Close your eyes, Dean!”
“…Didn’t he try to kill us?”
“What?”
The man cocked his head to one side, in a motion that momentarily made him look so much like Cas that Dean felt something clench unpleasantly around his heart.
Dean thought for a moment, but not for long.
An hour later when Dean was regretting how much he’d eaten and his head felt like it was being stabbed in two separate places he wasn’t feeling so sure. Especially when Sam started getting thoughtful.
this?”
“Be patient, we’re about to leave you with better aches.”
“Help? No. But… I suppose I do wanna get home.”
“You gonna come for me?”
“Protective much,” Charlie muttered, but she looked pleased. Dean wondered how often she’d had people to look after her before.
“I ran away from home at seventeen, Dean. Shockingly, I didn’t exactly fall into a purpose-built security system. I spent a lot of time surfing couches.” Sometimes the couch had been free from a friend, and sometimes it hadn’t exactly been.
“And you just… found him on the doorstep? And that doesn’t seem suspicious?”
“No. He was older, and he was a twin. They never seemed to need anyone else.”
“Hey.”
Victor gave him a Look.
Twenty minutes later Dean heard his brother start snoring, and decided to at least try getting some sleep himself.
Which is how Cas found himself watching the first episode of
“Someone’s got a high opinion of himself.”
For a moment Cas was half-convinced Sam was about to snarl at him. “Just, watch him, alright? I’ll be back.”
“I got time now. You bought me that. Spend it with me?”
But the evidence had still led back to Dean’s bed – days after he’d supposedly been left alone out in the wastes for just long enough to spread doubts to both Dean’s team and Dean himself. Because then Dean had walked away from the compound forever, leaving only a note saying
Sam was going to be okay. He was safe, he was loved, and Dean recognised the look he’d had in his eyes when they’d spoken about the compound before. Sam had
And he still
Cas laughed, surprised enough to start easing himself out. He really was getting too old and stiff for clinging on to the backs of couches.
Cas shrugged, and seemed to draw himself further away again, though he hadn’t actually moved.
“Well, I’m gonna talk to her, yeah.”
Putting aside the ridiculous idea of his little brother, who’d recently tried to go vegetarian and read law history books for
“You’re up fast.” He smiled, and this time looked almost smug. Without needing to ask, Dean was sure that Dean was meeting his high expectations. Dean felt something buried in himself that had always wanted to please his parents –
The afternoon coffee with his career idol really hadn’t hurt either – but that didn’t count for feeling more productive, because even hours after Cas had left,
“What do jungles look like now?” Dean asked, a small, mirthless smile tugging his lips up.
“’Mallows!”
“This seems an excessive use of our food supplies.”
Dean’s eyebrows raised. “
“Pretty sure about this one, man.”
, your hands are cold.”
Cas knew it all, and Dean knew he didn’t care.
Still clutching to the collar of Cas’s coat, Dean pulled away. “Hey. How do I know this isn’t all fake?”
“Dude, I’m excited about food shopping. I’m gonna
. And I’ve seen you –
“Again, I wasn’t listening
“Ok, now cut that out or this is gonna come to a head a lot faster than you’re looking for.”
“Besides,” Dean continued. “I’ve got a plan.”
“Ok-”
No one said anything to that.
“Dean, I have done your laundry on multiple occasions, how do you think?”
“I was wondering about what sort of boss you are, back in your cool high-powered Hollywood job.”
Carefully, Cas sat himself up and used his free hand to pry his glasses off of Dean’s face.
Cas had been talking to, or, hopefully,
“Nah, I think we’ve graduated to a finer vintage this year. They know they can afford it now the Christmas sales numbers are in.”
Dean snorted. “Maybe clean up ourselves first? But if you’re so keen I keep the wipes for it under the sink.”
“I am begging you not to put it like that.”
Admittedly maybe that wasn’t the first thing you told a girl after you fell into her bed…
not to use – and leave Dean alone down there?
It was probably far too late on in life to start making healthy decisions, he thought, and for some reason the way Cas had looked at him earlier came to mind.
Dean hadn’t mentioned finding him again in the compound – but maybe Sam hadn’t made it clear that he could. He hadn’t been there when Dean had needed him most.
Sam didn’t need him. Cas didn’t want him. The only thing that made him feel alive was getting out there into the wild, into the real world where things were simple.
“Do you think you would have said it?”
“Of course.” Why not?
And now he’d known he had to come back, because the world needed him. His family needed him, and he’d been able to regain his soul, so that meant something. And because he could. But maybe Cas was right – he hadn’t felt ready to make himself vulnerable in the ways that mattered.
“I keep telling you, man, I got depths.”
“No, really.” Now
“I -”
“I can speak. You should be listening. Our people are on their way, and when they get here, you don’t want to be here.”
“You know it hasn’t, Sam.”
Dean shrugged. “I… I don’t know. I guess… we’d been too on and off for too long to believe it was still only going to add up to
. And when you see that old… miserable cuss tell him to call if he’s really that fucking lonely.” He raised a finger. “I won’t answer. But.”
Sam wiped his eyes roughly and headed out the barn door. No, no regrets. He was fixing things.
“Demons? You heard Bobby’s rant last time Dad brought that up. Nine out of ten times someone tries calling him about something they think is a demon -”
“Come out and say hello,” Charlie demanded, as Dean watched the ghost of a smile pass over Castiel’s face. He was beginning to get a grip on the dynamics around here.
“…were you supposed to?”
“We’ll radio when we’ve found him,” Sam assured Dean for the hundredth time that morning as he pressed the radio into Dean’s hand.
. He was acting soft again in a way Dean hadn’t seen him… well, since Jack.
He looked at her, seeming less and less drunk by the minute. “So why here?”
“Well hi, again,” Victor said. “New demon. Great.”
Cas didn’t seem put off. He actually turned away again, glancing slightly at the audience as though expecting greater encouragement. The crowd provided that in spades – screaming, shouting, laughing at them both. Then Cas looked back at Dean. For the first time since the angel had entered the stage, Dean felt like he could see something of the guy he thought he knew, because that had almost looked like a smile… But then even that was gone again, and the Terminator was back.
Sam smiled, like he was struggling not to laugh.
Mary narrowed her eyes again. “You’re living in my Uncle Dean’s house.”
Cas and Dean attempt to do a Parent Trap.
like someone who would cheat on his partner.
They stumbled on the airfield by accident, but it became a kind of home for almost a week, as they raided some supplies still untouched around the stores and argued about their plans for the machines outside.
“Mistakes never to be repeated. I’m not so likely to underestimate Satan himself, Dean.”
Dean looked up, looking every inch the surprised academic. “Hello.” Then he wrinkled his nose as he let the book hang slack in his fingers, immediately breaking character. “Wait, does this feel too staged for amateur -”
And the song was playing again. There
Dean awoke feeling more rested than he could remember being in a long time, as well as unsure of what day it was and even less sure that he cared. He knew it was during
“What?”
Winter, which meant that the mornings were also fucking cold
“Anytime.”
But they got to
“Ok…”
“Cas, Dean’s still in half of your old social media pics.”
And that was a good thing. It
Kinda sweet, that.
“Because it seemed like a good idea at the time!”
Cas had lied. Lied for – for what?
Dean looked between them both. “How long you guys all been here?”
“But whenever I get us out of here I’m getting us to Vegas.”
She saw, smiled and walked over to him – them – her slightly heeled boots clacking pleasantly down on the wooden floorboards.
To his only mild surprise, Sam had answered back a few minutes later. Still not sleeping, the idiot. Probably still moping since Jess was out of town again.
But Ruby didn’t have any work she was expected to turn up to and Lilith wasn’t there to taunt her.
The man was not smiling.
“And?”
Above them, the speakers kept blaring out some decade old pop song. Cas ignored it as he smiled and lovingly pushed Dean back to the ground. His fingers found Dean’s nipples like they belonged there, torturing them, worshipping them.
He was a Good Dad.
Yeah. They’d have that kind of conversation, with Dean left feeling like something had tried to rip his chest open for an hour, and then they’d be done. Dean would leave Michael’s flat, and sometimes he’d ask how he’d be spending his week. Cas got a mention, once.
“Michael! Castiel’s room, he’s - ” Lucifer yelled from up the stairs, and was held back from continuing down them by the sword Anna now held to his neck. “…here. Good to see you again, sister.”
The purple light seemed to dim and for a moment Cas caught his breath – despite himself allowing hope to sweep over him, to let himself think it was a spark of recognition he saw glowing there. He had never known it to be true of any turned individual he’d found in his years of research, but surely if anyone could defy the odds, defy the science then it had to be –
“How can -”
When his father had died, Cas had been home, and therefore the first to find the body. For months afterwards, he would feel searing regret that he hadn’t been in the room with him when it had happened. Even if his powers hadn’t been strong enough to hold his father back from death, he knew he would have had to be there to try to know that for sure.
“What? How?”
Well. Not that he didn’t have a few other ideas for how to spend his days.
He said nothing about the name.
As a new vamp, hunger was still his strongest urge, but now there was grief, and there was shame, the way there hadn’t been before he'd been left alone. Usually when he started feeling this low he’d pray to Cas and spill his guts to the empty air. But Dean couldn't be sure anymore that he deserves to pray or that he even could. Did vampires have human enough souls to be worth hearing?
“Please, Anna.”
It hadn’t been an officially sanctioned mission, but with the role he had as one of the compound’s uniformed defenders, no one had questioned Dean when he left, when he’d walked out that gate alone. They had later, when a string of bodies had shown up inside the compound, all linking back evidentially to Dean’s empty sleeping quarters. People had started whispering again about the possibility of monsters hiding themselves inside the walls. Whispering very particularly that at least he’d had the good sense to end himself outside the walls before anyone had found out, that he’d had the sense to experience shame in what he was.
and Dean looked unusually thoughtful. “This is the one I kissed you to, the first time.”
“We both know that to defend you, her baby brother, our sister would do anything, ruin any slim chance of happiness she had. And you would need defending if you saw how ugly I could make life for your little human suitor.” Michael’s smile widened, but it seemed to be one of genuine sympathy. “We’re neither of us the paladins Anna would have wished for in kin, are we? I do what I do for my own comfort, and for the preservation of my family, for the dedication to our holy mission. And, much as you ty to preach to me about morality, Castiel, we both know that your change of heart came from romance, not any new understanding of right and wrong.” Michael stood to put a hand on Cas’s shoulder, ignoring that Cas was physically shaking with rage. “Try thinking of others for a moment, would you?”
“Y’know its just a dumb show, right, Cas?”
Dean couldn’t help himself, his eyes slid back to the car, but he did manage to stop himself from pointing that the money spent to buy that thing had also been a waste. From the way Ruby’s ex’s family member was looking at Dean he had a feeling the guy could read his mind.
“Oh, Dean, you have no idea.”
Keeping his eyes outstretched in front of Cas, Dean let his eyelids flutter close for a moment. Now he was letting himself think, he wasn’t surprised, not really. Part of him had known. Maybe more than part. He’d just wanted… he’d just wanted to relax. Just for a minute there. Just for a minute. Was that so terrible?
He got out his phone and sighed heavily as he clicked on his brother’s name.
“But then this deal…”
stranger.
He wanted to think something dumb really hard but he didn’t really have the energy. When they told him that they were safe, that they’d dealt with Michael, he wasn’t going to stick around. Nothing had changed, and Sam was being eaten by hippos in a river in Africa if he didn’t see it. Cas too. They had lives to get back to. Especially now they didn’t have to grieve, they didn’t have to feel guilty.
Cas smiled. Dean was finding it harder and harder to act grumpy around the dog.
But coming into the centre of Dundee in the sleet-to-rain monstrosity still raging outside was still a bit of a heartbreaker.
“Everyone does that. Is it working?”
Somehow, despite everything, they still needed to keep putting excuses around their meetings, around what they were to each other, like it would help protect them both, shield them both if they didn’t talk about how real it all was becoming.
“Like a fucking weirdo.”
“We got tortillas.”
“Cool, give ‘em here.”
He knew which way Dean had set off in and he knew that if he focused and listened that he’d probably be able to pick up on his thoughts. For now, that was all he needed to focus on.
And Cas doubted that Sam’s personality of restraint would stretch to still treating him so well if he knew how much the fault of that rested with him.
“What about them?”
“Thought it wasn’t tequila.”
Shell-shocked, Cas had followed her, and learned that she did have a plan. She’d been all across the world, operating with a small band of humans and their own kind, working to switch off the devices everywhere. This one, in the depths of their own family home, was the last, but again, it would take sacrifice. As the last one left alive from her group, Anna was certain that she was the one to fulfil that, something she was prepared to carry out.
She fucking hated waiting. If it wasn’t for Charlie she’d never arrive anywhere on time And yet here she was
Cas continued digging, and though it was dark Dean could see how confused he was. “What do you mean?”
family. God knows we’re getting old and ugly enough for it.”
Dean looked at the angel, really looked at him. Castiel didn’t look back but Dean decided he liked the guy.
“Dean, this isn’t supposed to be about naming things we’ve tried, we just want to be able to figure out what will work for us both and look good on camera.”
“That might have been so,” Michael agreed, nodding. “But this is
Sam nodded. He didn’t look surprised. “I mean -”
“Don’t be sorry. Because you’re going to help me get out of here and warn him.”
“Hey, you came to me. So what’s up? You let Lucifer escape again?”
“Are you married yet?”
They both paused a moment.
Dean shrugged. Shrugged. Like this wasn’t a big deal. “Just trying to show some solidarity. I mean it’s both our rent.”
Then, to his surprise, he almost walked into Cas.
Cas hadn’t even given a thought since finding Dean about why he’d left the compound. But Sam was right - none of that story, constructed by the authorities, by Cas himself afterwards, now made any sense.
“Cas? We don’t have to do anything different, I just meant -” Dean’s jaw hardened. “C’mon, man,
he could find it in him not to care.
The man extended a long arm out dramatically in agreement, managing to spray Ruby with rainwater in the process. “Well
“Dean?”
But Dean wasn’t really a friend. Yeah.
Dean stared as he hoisted himself onto a stool of his own. “Ok, I am loving this little dance you’re choreographing, but if you could get to the point sometime this week, that would be -”
Eileen was in the neighbourhood.
Dean exhaled. Then he clapped his other hand over Cas’s. Had they ever touched like this?
“Yeah.” Sam’s energy dipped again, apparently bothered again by the bizarre nature of the conversation. His long-lost brother, his only family, tied up in front of him in the middle of a wasteland they’d once made a home of together. His brother who would consider eating him if he released him.
“Ah, but my boy, I wasn’t the one who took it away, was I?” the ringmaster remarked cheerfully. “That was you. And I’m afraid that unless you want your so recently wealthy brother to share in your fate, or in a worse one of his own, then you will be my attraction, my demon, the new freak for my freak show, and whatever else I require you to be for the forseeable future.”
…But the voice didn’t sound right, so Cas looked up, eyes flicking over the figure more carefully. Different clothes he knew that his Jack didn’t own. And the presence he had, it felt much more powerful, more so even than Jack had been at full strength. More than an archangel.
“I didn’t just want to say sorry. I wanted to say -” Dean paused, looking as physically pained as Cas was feeling.
“You know what Cas did when the world ended? It wasn’t very inspiring. They wouldn’t have made any movies about it. He sat in his room, Dean, and he did that for
“Yeah.”
“…Yeah.” Dean shrugged again. Maybe it was partly the sickness, but it was different, talking to Dean like this now. All of his usual confident exterior was completely stripped away from him, and suddenly Cas felt like the one who was sure of himself in the room. It was an unusual shift. “It’s cool getting to meet this Dad of the Year now, I just wish he’d turned up a bit sooner, y’know.”
“…Hello?”
Dean felt the way with words he knew he had somewhere in there deep down drop so deep inside him that it was not likely to resurface any time soon. “Uh, we just –”
“Please don’t.”
Dean leaned his head to one side so that his grin was facing Cas directly. “Why, you jealous?”
“Not wanting to be where I was.”
“And you still won’t tell me -”
“…And the reigning champion of our arena… the Celestiel Castiel!”
“Well… why pick Dundee? Why pick Scotland?”
But he’d gone anyway. So now Sam was more sober, he was mostly feeling… proud, which he’d told Dean eventually after several preceding colourful texts.
.” Dean shook his head, choosing to ignore Cas’s fond smirk that was warming him so well. “What kind of guy- firstly, actually constructs a house like this, and then secondly
He had fucking asked his girlfriend to marry him. He had. Dean had been forced to bear witness to the public evidence. And all this from a man Dean hadn’t officially dated for years…
“I should go and talk to Rufus about -”
“Well
Dean huffed out a laugh. “Sometimes. Not so great at practicing though.”
It was getting dark when he eventually made it back, and wandered through what had once been security queues. Not sure if Cas was in range for hearing him yet, Dean nevertheless thought hard about the phrase
Dean raised a finger, looking like he was trying to give Cas a lecture. “Maybe I want you to care. Would that kill you? Just for once, to give a shit?”
But Dean still didn’t feel like it. Sure, it was late, but they’d worked all night to get their man, or ghost, back in the day. Giving up this early felt like… well, like giving up, especially with a case as nearby as this one. But Cas looked so fond, and the chair was comfy and the bourbon they’d dug up went down pretty smooth.
“And you wonder why I don’t play for you.”
Though he’d never liked mornings and he awoke feeling cold, with his limbs stiff; Sam still felt more alive, more hopeful about the day ahead than he had in years.
Dean screwed up his face and turned around, looking again at his cage-companion.
Distantly, Cas was becoming aware that they were taking things too far. But it was almost a relief – there’d been such a strange tension between them for so long that it felt good to relieve some of that – even if it was in anger.
Feeling calmer, although not more comfortable, after the drive alone, Dean steeled himself and turned the car back around the way he’d came.
But Dean had asked him to do this. And Sam was right – Cas did owe him. He owed him everything.
So of course Sam’s mysterious benefactor had brought a stash with him.
“You’re a harpy,” Dean realized.
“No, finished that yesterday.”
It wasn’t like he could just stop walking and wait – for reasons that were still hard to put names to that was
“Well, I’m -”
“It’s not going to happen, Dean.”
Sam screwed up his face. “But that was five people you had lined up there who’d
“…Have you used the couch for sex before.”
so obviously these last few weeks have FULLY turned my brain to mush, so i'm afraid any spelling mistakes or general inconsistencies are not really my fault.
“Ain’t they cute?” Anna asked Ruby.
“I know – I’ve… I went and saw you, alright? When you used to have that busy slot along at that pseudo-Irish pub. Dragged Sammy along with me one night, and he’s never shut up about it since. Kept trying to get me to ask you out. Fuck, he’s gonna be so annoying about this.”
It took some persuading to get themselves let in
when Dean leaned up and murmured, “we did it better,” for one of the kissing scenes in Cas’s ear.
“It’s not fine.”
“Just promise me one thing,” Cas said, suddenly all serious again.
For a moment, Sam caught himself thinking of the wrong future Chuck had tried to frighten him with, before it all went wrong. Cas should be in the picture, and it wasn’t right that he wasn’t.
Dean had made Cas sit through hundreds of old action flicks, and Michael stepped out of the shadows like he knew he was the mastermind villain from one of them, and was being directed to make the most of his entrance. “You’re here to dabble with this, I take it?”
It had been difficult to focus on after Dean had left him alone with it, that was for sure.
The stranger had been amiably nodding along before she mentioned the swapping houses, at which his eyes lit up and seemed to change colour. “Right! I got him into that. Didn’t think he’d ever actually, uh… yeah.” He groaned, apparently understanding something at last. “He left me a voicemail this morning.”
“I remember the kiss wasn’t very good.”
“This won’t help your throat.”
“Some of us might,” Rufus muttered, and a few of the twitchiest of Cas’s team of biologists seemed in agreement with this.
“I’m sorry, who are you to Ruby?” Dean finally had the sense to think of asking.
had their life change dramatically for the better, and then
Dean let his face go blank. “Adorable. Get outta here already.”
Realising this wasn’t a dream, Dean checked himself over. He hadn’t moved in the bed, and everyone else in the barracks was still asleep. The blood was still warm, and it was all over his hands, his shirt. But he wasn’t wounded.
“Ah.” The man was quiet a moment but then continued on. “See I figured it had to be either a break-up or a firing. That’s how these things usually go.”
“…yeah. Because I don’t, right? Like… why should I care if he’s gonna be married?”
He raised a finger. “Baking’s not cooking, and Mary did most of the work on these.”
He couldn’t really remember if he’d been much of a runner in his old life, but if there was one thing he definitely had on his side now it was speed. Dean raced back past the old lounge areas, the flight gates still covered in now faded airway logos until he rounded back towards the bar he’d left Cas.
Dean stiffened.
“I wanna bacon bits lasagne.”
“Think so.” Bobby seemed to wrestle with himself before answering again. “Thank you. Just… they keep changing shit around. Makes it hard to remember some days.”
Dean made a face. “How I
When Dean saw a limb start slipping through the crack Dean didn’t even think about it as he stood in front of Cas, shielding him from whatever was coming through there.
“Well, I’m here for a while longer. You ever want to get some “practice” in…”
Cas kept his eyes on the bush that had moved while they paused, trusting that Sam knew what he was looking for.
They’d been in Bobby’s attic, thinking they’d be alone in the house for hours when Bobby yelled out that he was home. The door to the attic had been locked behind them, but in his blind panic at hearing Bobby’s voice Dean did his best to prop himself up on his elbows, ready to call out a lie, in a voice that didn’t sound like he was in the middle of receiving the best blow job of his life –
Feeling as physically sick as his brother was starting to look, Dean tried his best to shake off the regret. It didn’t fit with who he was anymore. “Well it doesn’t matter what I was then – I’m a monster now, we know that.”
“How long…”
The walkie crackled to life as Sam watched the tall man walk over the hill towards them. “We’re ready, boss,” Jo’s voice told him.
“You wanted to stop with the resurrection routine? Great, let’s stop with all the self-destructive coping mechanisms first.”
Absently, Dean dipped his hand into the blood from the corpse beside him as he thought back to one of those memorable times that Cas had known exactly how to drive him insane.
Victor laughed, in exactly that way that always reminded Dean that he’d been an idiot to ever let this one get away and get married. But, of course, he couldn’t have ended up sleeping with the sweetest guy in the world with the sexiest laugh – Dean had to find the office sleaze instead. And stay hung up on said office sleaze. Even after… Dean took a swig of his glass, which he regretted instantly when the bubble balls hit the back of his throat. Six years. Fuck. It had been Christmas then too…
about him?”
“Well… kinda passing into green already, so doing alright.”
Cas shook his head, certain. “No. This was just the cruellest way he could ensure Dean would never come near me again. He got to know Dean, and he found the worst way to hurt him – to hurt me. Make him believe he was a monster, a killer, and then separate him from everyone – possibly getting himself killed in the process.”
And not very much of his brother.
Dean breathed out. Eventually, he remembered to breathe in again.
“No, I’m not.”
…which had been the end of that talk. Dean wasn’t all that sure most days if the angel was exactly all there.
Whatever Dean was trying to say, it was making him very, very nervous.
Later, long after Dean had heard the occupants of the neighboring cages fall asleep, Cas was brought back in, his guards gone and the cage door closed again before Dean even had the chance to sit up.
And then after years of clinging on to survival enough to meet the next smoggy sunrise, they found people. Other living, breathing,
“Already?”
Cas frowned. “It is?”
Sam squirmed. “… Garth.”
“There’s honey in it,” Dean said defensively.
Dean ignored the voice, hoping it would go away – hoping that all of this would go away. He’d thought he was over this, and actually hadn’t even considered how he was going to get to L.A. when he’d started making his plans to be there.
say answers, but sure. Yeah.” Sam narrowed his eyes. “You really never thought he was alive, did you?”
-he was on a stage.
But hey this healthy decision was for the dog.
Feeling like the world might start making more sense if he was on his feet, Cas got off the couch and immediately bashed his leg into the coffee table. “Maybe the whiskey was a bad idea.”
What had he called himself before? Cas’s
Trembling now, Dean forced himself to look in the mirror.
“It helps when the patient wants to get better. But you said it yourself Dean, many times. Nothing made you feel so alive as when you were alone against a world out to get you.”
“…And you promise to look in on the house to double check he isn’t breaking my house?”
But Dean did. And for a moment back there, Sam had been almost certain that he’d hesitated before he’d sprung at him.
“You’ve done it for me before.”
“What?”
his whole life.
“Ok…” Apparently put off by Dean’s dull tone, Sam left the tent after only one last meaningful glance at Cas.
If it was possible, Dean looked even more tired than he had earlier.
working from home starting to finally dry up, so I did this instead lol
Cas shrugged. “Where else would he go?”
“No.”
Graciously, she outstretched a hand – paw – fingered paw thing – through the bars towards him. “I don’t believe we’ve been introduced yet. My name’s Bela. And no one beats the angel. Certainly not the demon. That’s not how the story works around here.”
“Anyway,” Ruby said, standing up and picking up her phone. “It’s been really great meeting you and… everything.”
? What like some music…” He walked around to jump onto Cas’s bed next to him. “Ohhhhhhhhh.” Dean burst out laughing. “Is that we’re calling this?”
. He lived hours away, and the internet access in the flat he shared with his brother was down… But he still hadn’t finished his goddamn conclusion never mind started straightening up his citation-things. And looking over -because he could admit now that the work was a lost cause, so what was the harm in looking? – and the cute glasses dude seemed to be in a similar state of freak-out.
“What?” Cas was listening to Sam, but his eyes were back on Dean now as Benny helped him back to his feet. He was smiling, but it didn’t look like a real smile.
As careful as Dean tried to be, the sound of her head laying down on the bench made a horrible thunking sound – just dead weight hitting metal.
Cas wasn’t happy. But he didn’t always feel useless anymore.
“He’s not real,” Jack said quietly, almost as if to remind himself. Then he met Dean’s eyes again. “Dean, none of this is real, and Sam needs you to come back. You’ve already been in here too long.” He shrugged his lanky arms. “I was the last resort.”
“It’s good,” Cas admitted after his first mouthful.
“I dunno, Sammy was four, maybe?”
Sam slumped his shoulders looking like someone had just killed the puppy he’d never got to own.
Right.)
“Won’t make me human again. I’m never gonna be what I was, Cas.”
.” He shook his head, mouth almost tempted into a smile. “But none of them expected you binding your body to an entirely different form of magic. Michael couldn’t have you now.”
“But he did it.”
Mercifully, Cas leaned down to cradle his face and kiss him again. “Always,” he growled, his free, bloody hand now roughly cupping the hardening bulge at Dean’s crotch. Helpless as a stringed puppet, Dean bucked his hips up to meet him, breath hitching in his throat.
thinking I hadn’t seen him in a while.”
“You ever wanna be doing something else?”
Cas felt his heart sink down to his stomach.
“Ah. You see when you have “visitors”, I don’t usually sleep much.”
Dean knew that voice – it was the voice from the laptop. But more than that, he did
Dean hadn’t gotten back yet, but then hopefully he was busy – or sleeping, no doubt he deserved that after a flight that long.
There was a cheering faceless crowd out there beyond the spotlight on him.
“Oh, y’know what I mean, I got all prepped, or whatever.”
Dean put down the book.
Intellectually, Cas had been aware that after deciding this was a thing they were actually going to do that they were going to have to actually do it. But to go, ok, tomorrow. That was different.
“Hey – we’re not taking off yet, we’re just moving!”
“We should have had a nail file around at least.”
“I grew up here,” he explained, leading them both thoughtlessly into the living room, and Ruby’s abandoned blanket and empty bottles, and open laptop. “Well,” he continued, gentlemanly ignoring the mess, “We moved here when I was eleven, and Dad found this place not long after. And then when he died, Dean moved in.”
. After Dean had left for the shower, he realised that he couldn’t keep a life-changing moment like that to himself – especially when he couldn’t exactly talk to Dean about it.
“So Sam’d get all the money he needs for college and more, and I…?”
Cas had thought he was dead. He’d heard that nothing in Dean’s state survived the first month of sicknesses. Dean had spent enough time wandering and finding no one alive to forgive him that assumption. For his part, Dean had always done his best to do the opposite, and imagine that somehow nothing of the horror the world kept witnessing had touched Cas, that it had all slid by him. In comparison, it was almost true. Though the world outside the compound had shifted and changed immeasurably, Cas’s half-finished degree had kept him useful and safe indoors, along with his family. Dean felt the need to tell Cas everything while also keeping him protected from the worst of it – it was all starting to feel less real, now, and it felt wrong to bring that in here, into their space, where they were supposed to be safe, where they were finally allowed to be
Garth and Rufus emerged with the kids and Benny didn’t look back as they walked away together. Monsters didn’t spend much time on regret from what Sam could tell.
Suddenly, Cas could think of a lot of things he’d like to enjoy with Dean.
That had been the deal, right? She was leaving, they’d both been more than a little drunk and he was going to be gone in the morning – a fun mistake that she’d be able to look back on nostalgically once she made it home.
Which had, in context, maybe been a little harsh.
“Well maybe it wasn’t lips you were listening in on, perv.”
“You know what would really make this night better? Get a really good quarantine at the end of the world vibe going?”
“I’m sorry -I, I can’t,” Cas heard himself say as he stood up.
“No.” Cas looked down at his hands. “You told me you loved me. And I told you… that I didn’t feel the same.”
“With the other shit that he used to nag about I’d take his side sometimes. But not with this one.” Dean shrugged. “It’s like I said already. We have trouble enough looking after ourselves.”
friend, even if he still wasn’t corny enough to go saying something like that out loud, and since neither at the time had a truckload of other friends to be calling on they spent a lot of time together. Studying. Drinking out of the same glass. Passing back and forth the weird old bong Dean had uncovered in Bobby’s attic as a teenager. Sitting on the roof of Dean’s car watching the stars and making up new names for them.
Dean must have noticed his expression because moments later he was rushing to explain – “no! I mean… please come in. I’m just hosting a movie night for a friend I met yesterday.”
The dishwasher cycle upstairs finally came to an end and silence fell.
He wasn’t dead. He wasn’t driving. Sam wasn’t an old man dying in his sleep.
“Well… yeah… Are you sure you don’t want the fidget cube?”
Dean snorted. “Oh, just wait until you see what happens there.”
Done now officially with his attempt at running, Dean slowed himself down to a quick walk that was rapidly threatening to develop a limp. This was pathetic. He wasn’t even sure why he’d even attempted this other than that you were supposed to do things you never got around to when you were on holiday and… oh yeah, because a hot guy came over and found Dean in the clothes he’d been sleeping in and with no good explanation and for why he was there and he’d wanted to feel
the group, the pack. And though he might consider following Dean he couldn’t take them all – not with the kids.
Sam. Sam and Cas were in the compound, looking for Michael…
Dean remained silent and continued to stare. He still didn’t seem particularly interested but he was definitely paying attention.
, Dean thought over again as he forced himself out the door for that run he’d been putting off all day. Dean didn’t really know what he’d expected from a guy responsible for so many witty and, heart-wrenching and shocking scores, that had accompanied Dean on so many long nights of paperwork. Because the man was a genius. Not very well known for it because of the genre continually getting overturned but that was it too – that famously those movies did so well – they were never your average horror flick. The quality and humour of the direction and the standard and consistency of the scores made them stand out. There were never any long silences for the main character breathing heavily in a Meg Masters movie, and sometimes you almost wished there would be – it was too claustrophobic at times.
“I try. So should we get out of bed? I remember you saying something about planning to skip down the stairs today, and we definitely
Seated in first class seat moments later, Ruby hovered over the airplane mode button on her phone. She’d called in to work, and she’d got Charlie to handle everything else. But surely there was some other personal call she should be making before running off to
“Come back an hour ago.”
“I also found some canned shit I think might have actually kept. You feel like guinea pigging this out?” Dean frowned. “You still eat, right?”
He looked sheepish, and was only stumbling a little when he re-emerged, clutching his head like he was afraid his hair was about to fall out. “Hey,” he said, and moved to take his coat off.
“People signed up for this
Dean, or at least the answers of what had become of him, were outside. So he’d ventured out.
Ruby watched him walk away, and then remembered that she really didn’t know the way back.
“Thanks.”
But not, in the end, enough.
Right.
Dean gasped for breath, and Cas filed the noise away deep into his memory. “Let go my nipples, asshole.”
“He’s expecting rent. And even if it all gets frozen we’re not looking good. I’m broke. You’re
Cas felt his throat dry.
“Alright,” Dean said, falling back into the director role he’d apparently stumbled into, “we didn’t ever block the camera too badly last time, but we need to make sure we’re thinking about it at all times The lube’s here, the condoms are here,” he added, pointing to the coffee table, next to where they had the camera posed. “I’m wearing the plug already. Anything else?”
Dean took a long sigh out, looking up at the clouds dyed red from the setting sun. “I forget sometimes, that that’s always what you were. That you didn’t just change overnight like me.”
He kept that feeling of rage at the forefront of his mind when he went out hunting again. Mutants that had grown constrictor tails had made a nest underneath the second guard tower. Dean made short work of them, not even needing to call on his team for assistance. Their admiration almost made him feel like himself again, and when he went to sleep that night he, for once, wasn’t thinking about Cas.
“You haven’t checked in on it?”
“He’s the boy from college, isn’t he?” Michael said casually one evening. He was round at Cas’s apartment – Anna was out – and Cas almost sighed in relief when the question came. Finally, they could stop pretending that Michael appearing from nowhere to ask him how he was was a normal occurrence.
“Dean -”
“You should come with me.”
Charlie leant back on her chair, appearing troubled. “Christmas is… next week. You knew that, right?”
Because the house was on the sea like her grandma’s home had been and Ruby had, for once, for a moment, let her emotions run away with her.
Sam was absolutely worried about exactly that.
Dean gets a new money-making idea, and Cas talks about his past.
Carefully, Dean gave a slow nod.
Sam and Cas were both sitting at the kitchen bar watching Dean cook, and mercifully not commenting on the game of fetch - though Dean suspected they were just waiting for Dean to broach the subject himself. (The spoon was almost
“…I guess I can make you something.” Dean hadn’t seemed interested in food for almost a day, so this was a good sign, but Cas was nervous about introducing him to his cooking. “Do you want a sandwich?”
“Sure.”
Looking like he regretted every choice that had brought him there, Cas pressed on, despite Dean’s warning expression. “I heard about the murder.”
“Just fancied giving it a try though? On a whim? Bit early for New Year resolutions.”
The angel said nothing.
already,
“Because…” Cas forced a strange smile. “I’m your huckleberry.”
Dean nodded encouragingly. “That’s cool you’ve got something you learned -”
He was vaguely aware of Dean expressing his confusion behind him as he walked away but he couldn’t listen, couldn’t even breathe until he was in his own room with the door closed behind him.
“Hello.”
“I didn’t crash the car.”
“Huh.”
“I thought I was the Bad Boy?”
Dean sets a ground rule.
Then one day in an astronomy class he’d taken only to fill a schedule, a beautiful boy started sitting next to him. And one Tuesday he asked to borrow a pen.
I want to?”
He also remembered that sometimes life almost turned out to be fun.
Smiling, Sam raised his other hand to ensure the dog was fully facing him. “You’d tell me if you were a shifter, right? Or another familiar?” Shuddering a little, Sam picked up the dog.
It was when he was halfway up the stairs, dog following on the leash behind him, that he turned back, eyes alight again. “Rocky?”
He wasn’t even sure he’d hoped to have the conversation at all. Neither of them seemed to have a good track record for saying the right thing at the right time, and there was so little that kept the two of them going – surely it was more important to keep preserving what they had?
“Feet.”
“I look forward for watching you attempt that.”
Light was streaming in through his window and Dean was in his arms.
Speaking of… Ruby
Crowley glanced behind him to the bartender. “Hey. Two more of those. And four tequila shots.”
Finally tearing his eyes away from Dean’s before the green pair could lose their panic, Cas got out of the car. He was only a little disappointed that Dean didn’t stop him.
“Hey, y’know, I…”
Maybe she’d feel more into this if she put on some Christmas music in the background and she could montage herself into action…
“All the creepy glowy eyes and the big-ass wings and the murder expression. Like my head is still ringing, man.”
I don’t even know her – I mean I do,” Dean hastily added at the man’s sternly narrowed eyes. “We met like… yesterday. Online. We swapped houses.”
“He should. But that’s his problem.”
“Ah,” he said, checking the old-fashioned timepiece swinging from his pocket. “You’re later than I expected.”
visited that carnival, and then
heart?”
Which was probably what had partly inspired this guilt tripped decision, come to think of it.
They noticed Dean and his heavy footfall immediately, but they all kept their yellow eyes trained on Cas. Dean doubted they were dumb enough to want to eat him – it was much more likely that they’d sensed he was the threat to beat in the room. But Dean still had their attention in the same way they had his – everybody in the gaping empty room was as exposed as they were edible. Though unlike these sons of bitches – who all looked younger than him, and Dean couldn’t and shouldn’t let himself forget that – Dean didn’t have any venomous teeth on side.
.” Dean stuffed his mouth full, balancing his plate dangerously on his crossed legs. “Quit whining already – eat.”
“Dean, you deserve to be angry -”
and hoped it would make Cas smile if he caught it.
“The one I’ve got back home suits me better,” she admitted, stopping when she noticed Sam’s raised eyebrows. He was making fun of her, but quietly, fondly – not like when Lilith would have put her down with a glare and Ruby would have to think of a comeback to not be left the hapless idiot at the party or whatever public place Lilith had chosen to unleash her wit.
“Asshole.”
“I mean, if he wants to see me.”
Cas.”
And so there he’d been, sitting quietly with a coffee at his piano – the one he kept for pleasure, not the keyboard he had for work – thinking about the strange night of watching the strange beautiful man living in Ruby’s house casually craft an evening with one of the greatest legends in horror, in Hollywood really, as though the three of them were old and dear friends. And Cas had gotten to thinking about the first loving scene shown between the final girl and her girlfriend, and the grotesque reimagining of it which would later, and felt that it deserved a warm theme to fit that one moment she had to hold onto – a theme Cas later planned to twist of course, to reintroduce in a minor key when –
, exactly. It was scarcely a shade darker in lipstick than she’d normally do for work. But Sam had scarcely seen her out of pyjamas and sweat pants since he’d met her… so maybe a cute woollen dress with the cuter boots was pushing things a little far, but maybe she needed a little far. She was after all turning up at the guy’s house after stalking his self-owned business to find his home address. (Or what she was hoping was his home address. God, if he’d put his mother’s address on here instead or some shit she was going to curl up and die.)
He woke up mad, the thrill of the fight still surging through his blood, urging him to find something else to keep taking out his rage on.
Dean looked down, but Sam caught the way his lower lip quivered as he got to his feet. “And it wouldn’t… wouldn’t break anything?”
It was the strangest time. On the one hand, Dean had probably never been so happy. But on the other hand, trauma was a bitch, and tended to hit hardest when you finally gave yourself the space and time to process it. It turned out that Dean had done and seen a fucktonne of things over the last few years which was enough to give anyone trauma, so he tried his best not to leave himself any time.
Dean had started to regret his big impulsive idea before the plane had even taken off. Or, more precisely,
“I didn’t ask.”
“Dick.”
And since he couldn’t see anything himself, he had no idea what the dog was trying to point at. It seemed more on edge than it usually did for squirrels.
it felt real. The feeling of Cas’s lips, confidently pressing against his own as Cas’s hands scraped up into his hair, as though trying to stop him from moving away. “Dean, you know I’m not going anywhere. And I’d follow wherever you led.”
Dean put down the phone, and Cas thought he’d gotten better at understanding his roommate but he still just didn’t know how to interpret the look in his eye. Or, Cas didn’t dare to hope he knew what that look meant. “But
Shuddering melodramatically, Dean strolled into Cas’s room, like he thought it had twice as much floor space. “Too twee. So what’cha doin’?”
Jo would look after the team. Benny would keep looking after their family – and they’d all been fine before Dean had shown up, before Benny had made the insane decision to turn Dean instead of eating him.
“So I have no current plans in killing this one.”
When Dean woke again it was morning, and they were moving.
Sam recognised the tone behind his brother’s voice, that disbelieving
“You know what you’ve still not done for me?” Dean said when they pulled back again, resting back against the headboard.
