“Huh.” Rhodey paused to take a bite and chew. “You know, Tony’s always gotten relationships wrong. Then again, everyone who’s dated Tony has gotten him wrong. They all wanted him to be something different, and Tony could never figure out what it was. Ty being the exception, obviously—”
Steve's heart had skipped a beat at the innuendo. He hadn't flirted with anyone in an embarrassingly long time. One corner of Stark's mouth quirked up into a smile, like Steve had just passed a test. He stuck the straw into his milkshake and sipped. Moments later he nodded, a silent admission the shake was as good as advertised.
"I would've been dead were it not for him. There are two pieces of shrapnel less than an inch away from my heart." Tony pulled off his t-shirt to reveal a black tank top, but something was off about it. There was a lump about the size of a fist in the center of Tony's chest, emanating a bright blue glow. He tucked his arms inside the tank and pulled it up to rest around his neck. The scarring around the circular ... whatever the hell was glowing in the middle of Tony's chest, was faint. Whomever cut into him knew what they were doing.
me. She knows I would sleep with you in a nanosecond, but she also knows that it takes awhile for me to trust people. I trust you, but then you go and say shit like that and I wonder if you see me as disposable the way everyone else does.”
“Yes, you did. And when you fucked up, you went in after everyone. That’s what you do, Steve, you run into danger and get everyone out. Now there is no more danger, at least not in the way you’re used to. Media is its own monster to face.”
Steve walked into the lobby of Stark Tower at 11:20 to find Pepper Potts waiting for him. He trudged over to the elevator in the northeast corner. She looked tired. Not in her face, but in her posture; like she was trying to hold herself up beneath the weight of something heavy.
Steve blushed. He supposed that no matter how tall or wide he got, to the elderly woman behind the counter he would always be “Little Steve.” He grinned and asked,
"Always, my friend!" Thor placed him back on the ground and smiled. "Shall we go to my office so you may speak freely of yours?"
"To a dozen people not-surreptitiously recording us on their," his voice rose dramatically in decibel, "LOW-GRADE NON-STARKTECH SHITTY ASS PHONES?"
"I will arrange the first couple dates for you, so you'll get to know each other in a private setting. I will drop hints to the more reputable magazines. You don't have any social media, which explains why there won't be pictures of the two of you together—"
They spent the evening playing a game on the Xbox. Tony spent his time away from the controller tossing bits of popcorn at Steve, while Steve spent his free time fishing popcorn out of the cushions.
"Hey, High School Musical, you are the one who keeps saying 'we're a team' and 'we're all in this together.' Teams, no,
“You are brighter than I think most people would give you credit for. If that part of your military service ever becomes relevant, I will let you know and you can make the choice whether to disclose that information to the public.”
“I’d either killed myself or decided not to speak to her anymore. Between the two, the first was far more likely. That is what she meant.”
Steve shrugged, grumbled "Fuck it," then pulled a grey t-shirt and black leather jacket from the closet. He figured it was best to show up as himself, because that was the only way this charade would work. Plus, Nat always said he was a terrible actor.
"I'm having lunch and one of the guys in my unit happens to be obsessed with TMZ. He walks over to me and says, 'Hey, doesn't this look like that guy you have a picture with in your bunk?"
"I see the same people every week at the VA," Steve countered. "We speak about things, very personal things."
he supposed—in a way that made sense. The bed was pushed to the side wall instead of its previous place right in front of the door. Steve discovered that Tony did, in fact, have potpourri from France in the bathroom. It was in a branded plastic bag with a bottle of oil next to it. Steve wondered what the hell sort of combination that could be. He placed them back on the countertop then sat on the edge of the tub.
After his Saturday run, Steve tossed his sweaty hoodie into the laundry basket. He needed to wash his clothes before Tony got back stateside. He pulled the chair out from the table and figured he might as well rip off the band-aid. He placed a video call to the number on the back of the wedding invitation.
this was real, I would want to be the person who shows Tony that even when he’s not filling one of those roles, it is still okay to be who he is. Sometimes it’s okay to use the TV as it is.”
Pepper smiled softly and said, "Tony deserves to keep his company. He may not look like much right now, but—"
“We are both going to mess up, Tony.” Steve pressed their foreheads together and added, “We don’t know what we’re doing so let’s just do it. Take it slow.”
on Sunday morning and tossed it on the table when he got back to his apartment. He tried to busy himself with anything and everything. He watched a show on Netflix. He got lunch at the deli. He went to the grocery store down the street to pick up milk, bread, and all the other essentials. Still, he couldn’t escape his own face, standing next to Tony, in the lower-right corner of four different magazines on the endcap.
Rhodes was speaking to Tony at the bar. In five minutes, Stark had gone from a sleep-mussed mess to completely presentable, while Steve hadn't even bothered to shave. Tony was wearing the everyday getup of t-shirt, blazer, pants, and shoes that cost more money than they were worth. Rhodes was still wearing his uniform, and held himself like an officer. It was nice to see that, to recognize the rank and feel like he was still part of a system he understood.
“I believe you. All I’m saying is this is fragile because I don’t know what it is. I want to kiss you where no one will see us, I want to have you in the workshop because you lighten it up a bit. You are
Steve followed Tony through the store and watched as he pulled stuff off shelves only to let gravity take it into the cart. He narrated everything, explaining each decision with as little enthusiasm as possible.
I want you at my wedding! I love you deeply, you know that. How could you think I wouldn’t want you to come?”
Steve did not like running with a hood. He made it a half hour in before he pushed it back, and then people began to ask for pictures. When he had to pause at a crosswalk, he gave people a wan smile, gathered them into a group, and posed for a single picture before taking off the moment the walking figure appeared on the street signal.
Tony sat up and hopped off the bed before slowly trudging to the door. He pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes and sagged against it. He was sort of adorable like that, with his hair sticking up in five different directions and his voice gravelly with sleep.
Tony looked good like that. Really good. The cuddle on the couch and play video games together kind of good. Let me make you pancakes for dinner kind of good. Fuck me in the back of this limo kind of—
"Grief." Steve didn't hesitate in that answer. "He understood what I was going through but didn't want to talk about it. He knew I had no interest in really talking about it either, and that is why he pressed me so hard about Bucky when he wanted me gone. He knew I'd shut it down, call him a dick, and then I'd leave. It was a test and I didn't sign up to be tested. I did not sign up to be his fucktoy, I wanted to
"No,” Steve shrugged, “I am tired. I spent over a decade in the army, all of it in combat units. Guns, bombs, I even had a sword at my throat once. That is a third of my life, and the rest of it was spent chronically ill. At least I was helping people when I was in the Army. Or, well, I thought I was."
“Well, I think you’re pretty fucking great, Steve. Tonight you’re going to take me to dinner and we will talk about Peggy. You’re going to tell me everything I need to be prepared for this, and to help you through it. Tomorrow morning, you’ll go for a run and come back to a nice, warm shower. And on August 15th the two of us will be the best-looking, most supportive couple that your girl Peggy needs us to be. Because you’re strong like that, and I will learn to be.”
“No.” Steve shook his head. “My biggest purchase is a fourteen dollar sandwich at the deli. Sometimes a six dollar frappuccino after a run. My apartment is shit, but the cable is cheap enough and my pension covers all of it. Therapy’s paid for by the army as long as I make it every week. I have enough money to get by, and if I had as much money as Miss Potts may or may not have offered me, I wouldn’t know what to do with it.”
Before the army, Steve laughed at the idea of morning rituals. He was a get out of bed, stumble to the bathroom, hope everything's done by seven-thirty type of person. The military punches that out of a person pretty quick, sometimes literally. Steve pulled on the same sweatpants as the day before, grabbed the BIG RED ONE shirt Sam bought for him, and plugged his earbuds into his iPhone.
Steve looked down at his phone to see Tony had ended the call. He stuffed the phone back into his pocket and looked around the room. The bathroom was clean, the bed was made, and it looked a little bit better than it had when Steve woke up. He walked down the stairs then rushed outside, looked left, looked right, and caught sight of Tony across the street.
“As delightfully terrifying as that is, Miss Potts, you’ve got it backwards. I want to void the contract so I can date him.”
"Yes, please," Steve said in the most bored tone he could muster. "O wise one, please take me back."
Steve followed him back, wondering whether this ever got any easier. But if there was any truth to civilian life, it was that when the world got rough Thor was the one person who could set it right again. Though Steve would swear he wasn't a day over 35, Thor was 50 years old and hailed from a Nordic island called Asgard, where he may or may not have been royalty. Google was distressingly vague on that point.
Steve couldn't hold back a smile once Tony turned around. His hair was slick with sweat and his arms were covered in grease. He wore a black tank top that was nearly soaked and jeans that had seen better days. It was the happiest Steve had seen him yet.
Tony told him not to bring a suit. Steve chose not to mention he didn't even own a suit. Hell, he didn't even own a pair of slacks. Clothes were important to Tony, though, as it separated the different parts of him. When he was acting as President of Stark Industries he was the polished professional; shiny shoes, perfectly tailored suit, not a hair out of place. Press conferences and nights out saw Tony in button-downs and pants that were slightly less fancy. Steve's favourite had to be Tony in the workshop. Not because of the clothes, just because he looked happiest down there. He wore his 80s band t-shirts, grease-stained jeans, and his hair would stick to his forehead because he was so sweaty. The smiles Tony gave him in those moments were real.
"If you're letting his staff plan your dates, it doesn't sound like either one of you wanted this to happen."
"Steve, I don't really know what a hero is, but if they exist it means there are two groups of people: those who are heroes and those who aren't. The way I see it, you had two options inside the base. You could have done what most people would do, find Barnes and make a quick getaway. But that’s not what you did. You found Barnes and rescued thirty-six other people. Thirty-six lives that would have ended if not for you. Maybe that's what heroes do; fight for everyone, even when they don't have to."
"Artificial Intelligence," Steve realized aloud. "Holy fuck. So do you, um, do you know about ...?" He trailed off, because he was asking a disembodied robot how much it knew about his faux-romance with Tony.
Steve took the opportunity to leave the room and take a deep breath. Tony followed him out and asked,
“OH. Hey, um, I hope you didn’t listen to this, but I know you did because you’re the kind of person who listens to their voicemails. So don’t mention this to me, alright? I probably won’t remember. Miss you, though. I’ll definitely remember that. Bye, Steve.”
It began as a whisper, but slowly grew into a full-on chant. Steve eventually held up his hands and shook his head.
“Right, you know how on a TV you’ve got like five different settings? There’s the TV, then HDMI1, HDMI2, you can stream Netflix—”
"Well the man the press writes about isn't exactly a lie. I sleep around, I'm an alcoholic, and at most times emotionally unavailable. The official assessment was compulsive behavior, prone to self-destructive tendencies, and textbook narcissism."
"Peggy said that a lot, especially after Buck died. It never insulted me, though, as long as the fight was worthwhile. It felt like the army was what I was born to do."
“Exactly. You did what you believed was best for the company because it is important to you. Even if it meant sacrificing part of yourself to do it.”
Thor smiled and said, "Perhaps you should try running toward your problems instead of running away from them."
"I know everything I need to know before making a job offer. Six-figures, health and dental, frequent travel ..."
He was shorter, smaller in the shoulders but far bigger in personality. Bucky was a quiet sort of extroverted while Tony screamed who he was at the world. Tony, who would tuck his fingers through the belt loops on Steve’s pants just to pull him closer. Tony, who fit perfectly into Steve’s side as they sat on the couch. Who was too afraid to kiss Steve because he wasn’t sure whether Steve could ever really want him to.
"Colonel Rhodes, Air Force. We met at MIT and he's stuck by me ever since." Tony's expression darkened as he added, "The only one."
"Thank you!" Mr. Stark chimed in again. Steve turned around for just a moment to see him wiping crust from the corners of his eyes. "Finally, someone is making sense around here."
"Regardless, it wouldn't be the first time Tony has whored himself around," Dr. Gilbert added. "This is the man he was about to fuck in the office hallway a few days ago. Though, I believe a bodyguard would be a new one to add to the list."
, except to hold Tony as close as he could. Tony put one hand on the back of Steve's neck and allowed himself to be led. It was such a good, desperate kiss … Steve broke away only to pull Tony tight against his chest.
Steve jumped out of his chair and positioned himself in front of Pepper Potts. The voice had come from the couch. Steve watched as a man popped up from inside the pile of blankets, some of which appeared to be a Snuggie. The man’s hair stuck up in a dozen antigodlin directions and his voice was thick with sleep when he spoke again.
“First date was awkward as hell. I told him about Bucky straightaway because if we were going to make it work then he had to know. Second date, I brought him pizza. He asked me about Austria, I told him I didn’t want to talk about it, he
“EVERYBODY!” The voice came over a speaker system that was just the slightest bit too loud for such a small space. “THE ONE AND ONLY TONY STARK HAS ENTERED THE BUILDING!”
“Absolutely. There is an entire chapter dedicated to sexual compatibility, so I have plenty of reading material.”
“It’s the opposite, actually. Before I kissed you a few weeks ago, the only man I’d ever kissed was Bucky for about three seconds. It haunted me for
Tower. He'd seen that name printed on the weapons he fired, and even on the weapons fired back at him. Steve looked down at his brown leather jacket and jeans, wondering whether he should've changed. He should have at least Googled the damn address before showing up. Instead, he’d stood there on the sidewalk outside the building, typing “Pepper Potts” into Google. Things had begun to slip through the cracks, as of late.
"No one has ever taken the time to say things like that about me. More importantly, when people leave none of them ever come back. Not until you did. Now, this might read as me buying you off, and they'll print that after you said all those nice things I gave you a gift that's ... Well, it's extravagant, but I don't have another way to show you how grateful I am that you came back."
Steve had packed his oldest leather jacket and one of the t-shirts from his drawer, which he grabbed without looking, just prayed it didn't have a hole in the hem. The jacket was his father's, who died in the Persian Gulf when Steve was six. When he was little, he'd sleep with it tucked beneath one arm. It fit Steve far better with the added years on his shoulders.
“Because Captain America was a leader. I’m not much for leading anyone anywhere these days. Hell, I barely know where my own life is heading.”
Steve was required to attend therapy appointments every Thursday for the rest of the year, like clockwork. His entire life was clockwork when it wasn't being shoved in front of the world. While Steve would never say he was excited for therapy, there were weeks he knew he needed it. Most of the fourteen sessions had been mundane conversation but in every week there was a moment he needed to hear someone say that things would get better. Steve knew every week he could count on Dr. Odinson to be that person.
"They're great," Steve insisted, "but it takes a lot of energy to share things about my life. I kept so much of it quiet for so long, I spend half the meetings reminding myself it's okay now."
"Even I am wrong sometimes. It is good that you came back," she said, poking at something on her tablet. "Nobody ever comes back for him."
“As soon as I can. I’ve put it off for months, but sometimes I get really heavy. It feels like I’ve run a marathon when I’ve barely moved ten feet. Or I can be up for three days and not know the difference. I’m … I’m scared. Either way I’m scared.”
"I won't interrupt you anymore, just ... Just wanted to say hi, I guess. Okay, bye now!" She ran toward the street where the orange hand signal had just appeared with a ten-second countdown.
"Excuse me, I don't even know what you're offering or how you know who I am, so forgive my skepticism … But what the hell is going on?"
No, he called the only person he knew with a car. The phone rang six times, each of them more frustrating than the last because Steve simply wanted to walk out the front door like a normal person.
Steve opened his front door and gestured for Tony to go inside. As if guided by the smell, he walked right into the kitchen. There wasn’t enough room in Steve’s apartment for an official dining room, so he made due in the small space across from the pantry. Steve locked the door behind them then rushed over to pull out a chair. Tony rolled his eyes but Steve thought he secretly appreciated the gesture. There was a lot that he didn’t want to reveal, but Steve was learning to read him. Tony rested one ankle on top of the opposite knee and leaned back in the chair.
"I'm sorry for bringing up your workshop. I didn't ..." Steve paused and turned Tony so they were face-to-face. "It never occurred to me that it was your private space, but it should have."
Steve laughed. Well, he had hoped for something to break up his everyday routine. It would be rude to ignore a woman who asked him a direct question, and Steve always prided himself on manners. He took another sip through his straw then said,
"Steve!" Tony shouted. He hopped off the dais and flashed a brilliant smile. "You finally arrived, Cap. I missed you." His voice was much too sweet.
“I’m fine being seen with you, but I don’t want people to have photographs of me entering my apartment. It’s the only place I have, and I can’t move.”
"Alright!" The man Steve would eventually recognize as the team lead clapped his hands together and started to shout orders. "Makeup last. Hair, then suit, then shoes, then accoutrements."
"My life here in New York wasn't worth much. I'd say you've already given me a hell of a lot more than I had when I got back. This is not a hardship for me. We're a team, we have a goal, and I am going to do something worthwhile for the first time in God only knows how long."
Steve took Tony's hand and half-dragged him away from the conversation. Goodness only knew what they'd start sharing if he let them linger. They walked in silence for a minute before Steve asked,
"Men like you climb ladders by pulling other people down; I've seen it all before. You saw something that Tony's father built, a company Tony works every day to maintain by creating new things. You decided to take it, but what have you ever built?"
“Do you think I was happy to end our relationship?” asked Peggy. “Do you think after five years together that I didn’t see you in every bloody part of my life? I wanted to keep going and I would’ve done anything to make it work. You made it so there was no way forward; you stopped. It’s time, darling. It’s time.”
It was the perfect song to express where they were together. They’d known each other four days, and Tony was asking Steve to give him a chance. One chance to make this real in a way it wasn’t meant to be. Part of Steve felt like running out the door and settling back into whatever pieces of his quiet life he could find. But why? What would be waiting for him back at his apartment other than a cold shower and an overflowing ice tray?
Steve laughed and jokingly pressed his palm to his chest and in an awful impression of a nineteenth century debutante, he asked,
"Tony!" he shouted. Steve held out his arms and slowly turned in a circle to give him the full view. "What do you think?"
“You all may have heard I have a boyfriend now. It’s new, and I am a firm believer that no relationship is real
“When you’re famous enough, or infamous enough, it’s hard to go out and have fun the way you used to. When high-profile people need to let lose, some of us come here. Best popcorn in the city; they drench it in butter.
He could be paid a million fucking dollars to date Tony Stark. Not even that, but a million dollars to
Steve slipped his arm around Tony's shoulders and felt them shake. Whether with rage or because he was a bit out of his element, Steve didn't know. At the moment, it hardly mattered.
"Hah," Tony laughed, "I wish there was one thing I could blame it on. The alcohol doesn't usually come out in bulk until after they leave. I'm just not ... I'm not good at this."
“I don’t.” Tony was lying. “I don’t want to see you, but you’re already here and I have your lasagna pan. You’re coming home with me. Discussion over, now we can sit in silence for the rest of the ride.”
“You allow yourself to have something nice.” Sam said, “I know that is a completely foreign concept to you, but you’ve been beating yourself up for three-and-a-half years. Take a break from being the guy everyone wants you to be, and be Steve: hot guy with a billionaire boyfriend.”
"Well that person didn't sit well with Peggy. She deserved better than the man I've been the past couple years."
"Not exactly ... The HYDRA base went into self-destruct mode. There was hardly any trace left by sunrise. We rolled back into Camp Darby and that was when my life changed. They spun the narrative that I saved thirty-seven men from terrorists, which was technically true, and the story spiraled from there. People insisted I should be awarded the Medal of Honor, which I didn't deserve. You don't give that medal to someone who disobeyed a direct order, no matter how honorable the intentions. Instead, they compromised and made me a captain."
“And life-altering choices should be made based on paparazzi migration patterns,” quipped Steve. “I see.”
After a half hour of meandering around the shop, dodging a few patrons who came in by pretending to be interested in a pocket watch. He placed his purchases on the counter and sighed.
“I’m not embarrassed about what I said. I imagine it was what I’ve been thinking about for hours. I’ve been struggling to figure out how to say it, and it turns out I’ve already told you.”
“Divide and conquer; two-pronged approach with the Brussels sprouts coming in at the end on the left flank. Baguette on the right.”
God, it was depressing when he put it like that. Tony's face morphed into something resembling pity and Steve hated it. His stomach twisted and shrank as Tony continued to ramble on about Steve's life.
“It’s a nice transition out of the service. Is this a lifetime apartment? No. But I grew up here and it felt natural to come back before starting something new.”
Tony laughed like Steve was asking a silly question. That ruffled him a bit. Everyone in Tony's world seemed to expect him to accept his life being available for them to flip through at their leisure.
"I don't know. I would probably be bored as hell waiting for my pension check every month and hoping my friends call me from Afghanistan at three in the goddamn morning." Sam paused then let out an "Ah" of understanding. "Stark's an interesting bastard and you, Steve Rogers, are bored."
it. Dating a billionaire sure as hell wasn’t normal. Being in a fake relationship wasn’t normal, and he was failing miserably because the only fake things about his relationship to Tony were the boundaries Steve had set for them.
“I am in no position to tell anyone how to live their life because God knows I’ve fucked mine up many times. But you have a call to make, too.”
"Well it's not just me. I don't care what they say about me, there's nothing they haven't said about me, I care what they say about you."
"Good then. I knew I liked you." She smiled at him. "Tony is on a three-month probationary period with the board members. One bad cover of the
Everyone in Steve’s unit said he would go a bit crazy the moment he got out. Twelve goddamn years in the service plus basic, Steve had spent nearly half his life in the army. While he immediately came home and settled into a quiet, non-abrasive life, he allowed himself one luxury purchase: two pairs of black silk pajama pants. Steve tossed one pair into the duffel then turned to face the closet.
With a phone number at the bottom. Steve didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know how to feel or what to say.
“You’re not.” Steve insisted, “You’re not, Nat, I see Bucky everywhere. Every fucking corner, he could be there, waiting … Even the place Tony and I had our first date, I’d been there with Bucky a couple dozen times. From the time I figured out what I felt for Bucky, I knew if I ever slept with a man it’d be him. It had to be him. Tony is great, and the problem is that I don’t know how to tell him I’ve never done this. I think he thinks I’ve done
Everyone turned to look at him with some mixture of shock and contempt. As if they expected to continue speaking about Steve like he wasn’t present.
"Yes, and they remain in active military service with the exception of Staff Sergeant Barnes, who is deceased."
"Either works," Steve answered with a sardonic smile. "His death cut her pretty deep, too, but brought us closer together as friends. Sam never met Bucky. It was suggested by more than one of my superiors that I resign from military duty after Bucky's death because I ..."
He got out of bed at five every morning without fail. He pulled on sweatpants and a thermal shirt since April mornings in New York still stung with remnants of the winter chill. Steve liked the cold wind against his face, gradually waking up with the steady pat-pat-pat of his sneakers hitting the sidewalk.
Tony patted him on the shoulder and said, "Sure we are. Now, come on, I have to introduce you to some assholes."
"It's rude to make me fall in love with you so fast," Tony quipped. "You're a walking Hallmark movie."
Steve hopped up from the seat and Tony ran down to take his place. Steve gave the DJ his selection, knowing it was cheesy as hell, and trudged up the stairs on the side of the stage. He sighed as he took the microphone and jokingly began,
"No." Steve shook his head and smiled. "I am going to be the best relationship you've ever had, because if I'm not then we have quite a frustrating year ahead."
“Maybe you’re right. One day you’ll have to tell me how you’ve kept this place open and out of corporate hands.”
"Shit." Tony leaned back onto the booth with a grimace. "The repeal didn't go into effect until a few years ago?"
“We still don’t know each other as well as we should for you to be comfortable telling me …” He grimaced and glanced toward Happy. “What you told me.”
Sure enough, the door swung open and Steve's ears were assaulted by an Iron Maiden song. He walked inside and gently kicked the door shut behind him. Tony was working on something at a table in the center of the room, surrounded by bright blue holograms and tugging at his red earmuffs. Steve placed the pizza on the table closest to the door, the only spot not covered with high-tech machinery or paperwork with post-its reading "SIGN THIS RIGHT NOW" and "Read for Thursday's board meeting."
Tony stood up to face Steve full-on, and said, “I have been full-frontal on national media a dozen times. Whatever you have to say, you can’t possibly have a more shameful, profligate, oversexed past than me.”
They said their goodbyes, shook hands, and Steve hugged Carol because he was closest to her of everyone in the group. She had spent her entire time in the Air Force hiding, too, and with a steeper hill to climb.
what we wanted to say to each other, but we could never allow them to hear it. Tony cannot handle that sorta silence. He has to have noise, he won’t slow down, he is waiting for me in the fucking lobby! We see each other every day, and if he misses a day, I think he feels like he is failing.”
"Wow." Rhodes turned to look over his shoulder at Tony and said, "I can't believe you snagged this guy."
"Rogers?" Tony wrapped his fingers around Steve's shoulder. "Hey, hey, snap out of it. You're here with me now, okay?"
"So I made you an omelette." Tony slid a plate and silverware across the counter. "It took three hours."
“Oh, thank God,” Tony sighed. “I missed you, too. I’ve been sitting here for hours wondering if I should call. You’re a grown-ass man, you need space.”
“Exactly. This looks worse for them than it does for you. See, you’re a legend in the military but nobody knows you on the outside. Stark is a feature in civilian life, but not the sort of thing most active duty soldiers have time to keep up with. Whispers are that top brass are worried how it will look when those worlds collide.”
Tony bit down on his lip and said, "Look, Rogers, you haven’t signed yet. I won't pull you into my life and force you to stay. Hell, most of the time
"I lost him, alright?!" Steve shouted. "Three-and-a-half years ago a stealth op went wrong. Our target was on a high speed train travelling around a mountain in Austria. I acquired the target and Bucky fell off the train because I got distracted for half a second. If I'd just been a bit quicker, if I'd just noticed sooner ..." He choked on a sob. "I'd've been able to grab him."
Steve grabbed the magazine and paid for it as the cashier did a double-take. He stopped himself from rolling his eyes, but if this was how life was going to be then Steve didn't plan on leaving his apartment for the next year. He had been entirely alone these past few months. No one outside of the VA noticed him much at all, and there was comfort in that. Steve supposed one date with Tony Stark had shot that all to hell. He sat by the window, angled away and toward the store but with a solid view of the front entrance. He flipped through the pages until he landed on the story titled, "The Mutiny at Stark Industries Has Begun."
"Not about you, Tony, they speak to me about their lives and about how you make them feel. I had one kid tell me you were her hero because every innovation in tech seems to revolve around something you create. People take pride in you because there is something special about you. I don't know what it is but I know damn well that Stark Industries won't survive without it."
"Tony fought back," Steve insisted, a little petulant. "It wasn't like I was in this alone, he all but pushed me out the door."
of things, Steve. And after I’d gotten done with my talk all anybody wanted to ask me about was you. Which is great because I like you. I like you a lot and I haven’t known you long but most people would’ve left by now. You did leave, but you came back and it was
learned is that people see your genius for what it is. If you offered these people the chance to talk to a hundred potential investors or you, Tony, they would choose you. Because your opinion is
Steve had found an unopened white tablecloth the perfect size for his table. He pulled it out of the package then tried (and failed) to smooth out the lines. He hung light green blackout curtains atop the living room window and centered them on the edges. They grazed the ground and made the room look just a bit taller. It was those or a pair of shorter black ones, and the green was the same color as the fridge. It lightened the place up, anyway.
"Tony is in a board meeting right now; it just started so it may be awhile, but you are welcome to wait in the penthouse."
“Request taken under advisement. Potential problems have been identified. First, I’m here and you are all the way over there. Second, you’re taller than me so I’d need either a stool or a running start. Third and, most importantly, I like when
"My point, Tony, is that I'd like to be your boyfriend. I'd like to take you on dates and see where it goes, but we don't have that luxury. We have to make this last. What if we are together and don’t make it that far?"
Steve sat his duffel on the floor of the guest room and said, "Wait, you dragged me all the way out here to Manhattan just to take me to Queens? I could have met you there."
Tony slid off the edge of the bed, onto the floor, and fell back like it'd taken everything he had just to reveal this much.
Steve turned away and prepped for his run. Both earbuds went back in and he made it two full miles before someone else stopped him. Once he completed the first loop of the park, someone cornered him at the entrance to ask for a photo. Sweat dripped down Steve's face and there was a damp patch on the front of his shirt, but he bent low into the frame and smiled. The person thanked him and Steve went back to running. He completed one more loop and was stopped twice again by fellow runners.
Steve took another bite and grumbled, "The amount of information you and Miss Potts have gathered about my life is terrifying. And it wasn't a lie. I chose not to correct her assumption because I don't want anyone to know about it."
Steve wiped some of the watery buildup from his eyes. He didn’t have anything to say. There was nothing that would make Nat feel better, nothing that would assuage the guilt.
"Not to me," Steve said. "My fingers between your fingers is the default. If I wrap all my fingers around yours, then it's probably because I am in a hurry or it's just for show."
"Don't try to get around it, Stark, this was just a presser for you." The skinny man in a pinstripe suit sipped from a half-empty glass. Hammer? No one had bothered to tell him there was a stain on his tie. "Dragging your latest fling in front of the cameras so they'll forget about the fact that you're about to lose the most important thing in your life."
"Someone took a photo of you on your way to therapy this morning and geotagged it. I found the closest VA center and assumed you'd be there. Not difficult."
Steve's heart dropped all the way to his stomach. He put half the pizza slice back in the box as his hunger evaporated. Better to get this done quickly and move onto a less painful topic. He took a deep breath and said,
Silence, sure. If there was one thing Tony Stark was guaranteed to fail at, it was the quiet. Steve turned to look out the window, counted to five, and smiled when Tony caved.
The rest of the ride was silent as Steve watched the floor numbers tick up to 61. The doors parted and he made his way down the hall. The walls alongside the hallway were made of glass, and he watched everyone stare as he passed with paper boxes in his hands. With all the suits and well-shined shoes staring back at him, Steve may as well have been the delivery boy.
"Rhodey?! Hell, yes! My best friend, my better half, my ... Wait, no, what if you like him more than you like me? Who wouldn't? Maybe you should hide here until something goes wrong, which is always, and the Air Force calls him back."
He spat into the sink and rinsed his mouth. Almost everyone told him to leave ... Everyone except Miss Potts. Of everyone in Tony's life, Steve felt she had his back more than anyone. She chose Steve, of all people, and he'd do right by it. The only remaining roadblock was convincing Rhodes.
Steve opened his eyes and used his foot to turn both handles off. He stared at the ceiling and wondered whether he would ever be able to let go of Bucky entirely. There wasn't technically anything to hold onto, just a bunch of question marks and maybes. Might-have-beens. Steve sighed and closed his eyes again, hoping to forget about it all for a single moment.
—Steve ended up outside the diner five minutes early. He pulled up short of the door because there were three people hovering outside, holding cameras with obnoxiously long lenses. Steve stuffed his hands in his pockets and walked over.
Tony slowly pushed himself off the couch and Steve frowned. Something was off; his movements were sluggish in a way that screamed something more than fatigue.
"I want to feel like this at the end of all our dates. You smiling at me, holding my hand, promising to stay over ..."
“Tony’s great. The opposite of you in a lot of ways, but you both manage to see the good parts of me when I can’t see them myself. I was never allowed to want this sort of thing before, and Tony
"It is on my business card and you take me seriously enough to keep coming back. Now, let's return to the fact that you have no friends."
Natasha glanced down at the table then admitted, “I can’t stop thinking about James. Peggy has Sousa, Steve’s got Stark, you have Victor von Fuckboy and all I have is my dead boyfriend.” Her jaw clenched before she added, “I was always sort of second to him, too.”
Without missing a beat, Tony said, "Steve insists on separate bathrooms. He prefers the tub in the guest room. No joke, it has a neck pillow and potpourri I picked up during a lecture in France. Don't ask him about the water pressure, I promise you will regret it."
“Tony’s not certain about their relationship yet,” said Contessa Valentina Allegra de la Fontaine. “Steve Rogers is a new toy, shinier than the toys he’s had before. Steve’s paid for all the dates and they were set up by Tony’s ex. Steve is too good for him and Tony knows it. End of story, really. There’s no way Steve sticks around because Tony will fuck it up. I give it a month.”
“I miss you. That’s what I wanted to tell you. I missed the cactus juice lecture. Missed it because I was kind of passed out on my floor. Sums up a lot of my life. Anyway, Germany fucking sucks without you. Everything sucks without you.”
don't want to stay in it. If this cheeseburger is a contractual obligation, you and your perfect teeth can go find a more sensible date in Brooklyn."
The water was an inch deep when he sank into the bathtub. He leaned against one end, his neck resting on a pillow attached to the lip of the tub. Whoever decorated these rooms thought of everything. Steve stretched out his legs and there were still a few inches between his toes and the end of the tub. He smiled; luxury was in the small things.
"No, I have group sessions at the VA. Alcohol doesn't help." Steve paused for a moment. "To be honest, some days the VA therapy doesn't help either." He thought back to that text.
He threw the towel down on the countertop and said, "Pep is pleased some of the cell phone footage of us yesterday afternoon is making the rounds online. Magazines picked up some still photos of us entering the theatre."
"Pep calls the paparazzi assholes to let them know we'll be going out. It ensures the magazines have high-resolution photos to print. But this little excursion was not planned so," he smiled, "no paps."
Steve got the feeling Tony would enjoy spending money on him far more than Steve would like it himself. They walked out the front door and there weren't any cameras. A few people pulled out their cell phones but nothing like the professional variety of their first two dates. As if reading his mind, Tony said,
“Captain America?” Pepper guessed. “Rhodey mentioned you once, offhand in a conversation. He said, ‘That guy works hard to do the right thing. Even when leadership tells him wrong is right, he knows better. That is the sort of leadership I want to follow.’ If you’ve met Rhodey, you know there is no higher endorsement. When Tony was nearly ousted from the board, I remembered him saying you can always see what’s right and lots of people would take one look at Tony only to write him off. You gave him a fair chance and that is all I wanted.”
Nat grabbed the agent by the collar and yanked him toward the front of the ship, giving Steve and Tony some space and privacy. Wordlessly, Clint followed.
Tony was now the kind of husband who hung up on his panicking husband so he could have a minute with his own panicking thoughts. Steve was probably worse off than he was right now and Tony hung up. Tony hung up because he couldn’t
On that note, the three of them finally walked into the main room of the tower. Tony was three feet ahead  of Steve and Peter, mentally going over everything Jarvis had said.
His mind was sifting through images of Peter unconscious from dehydration or hunger, mangled from a fall because he was too weak to properly grip onto a wall, even-
“Good thing you’re not awake for this part. I am not a nurse and it’s going to take…” Tony trailed off as he strained his eyes. Peter’s veins were sunken and small. Shit. The dehydration wasn’t going to make any of this easier.
Steve smiled again, but it didn’t reach his eyes. It was the soft smile he gave people when they yelled at him at press conferences and he stood there, taking it. The polite smile.
Tony shook his head, running his fingers over his facial hair. “No. Not yet. Peter will want a chance to work on
“Hold it right there, Spangles.” Tony sat back down beside Steve, lacing their fingers together with one hand and clasping his husband’s forearm with the other. “No apologies. Not about this, not ever. This is superhero stuff, okay? It comes with the territory. It comes with all of the amazing things you have done for the world. Just let me be here with you.”
Tony’s hand was on Steve’s arm, urging his husband to follow him, but Steve didn’t move. He shook his head and ran his palms down his face. “Tony, I can’t. Not with- not knowing Peter…”
Steve wasn’t smiling with him though. He was grimacing. “Tony, this is serious. Taking extra meds isn’t-”
Peter did just that. He would never admit it but watching Tony stand with difficulty and limp toward him… it took a weight off of his chest he hadn’t realized he was carrying.
“Hey, kid,” he whispered, his voice cracking more than he wanted as he placed a hand on Peter’s chest. It was warm and full and moving.
Because it was fun to do, and Peter was a total show-off, Peter tapped the sensor on his wrist and waited until his suit sprang to life. Metal panels shuffling and locking into place soundlessly.
Steve massaged the bridge of his nose. “Unfortunately. It’s that tech kid again. He’s in Brooklyn with his girlfriend. The one who got Peter earlier.” Steve pulled his phone out and tapped a few times. “Look at this. Someone posted it online.”
“Are you up for some lunch?” Tony perched on the edge of the bed, dropping a hand over what looked like Steve’s calf. It was hard to tell under all of the blankets. “It’s one o’clock.”
“What’d you guys fight about?” Happy asked, eyes darting between the road ahead and the review mirror.
Tonight, every second under the spray was another second to stress over Steve and Peter and everything happening here.
Peter eyed Tony anxiously, fidgeting with his fingers inside the pocket as he stood an arms width from the kitchen table. “Dad, I’m sorry. About earlier. I shouldn’t have- you know. I shouldn’t have left.”
This was Peter’s chance. He could prove that he was a hero, just like his dads, and he could do it without even leaving the tower.
“You know it’s not about you.” Tony sighed, rubbing his brow and accidentally covering it in motor oil. “Just- just let me get him, okay? He needs time, Peter.”
“Don’t worry about it, Spidey.” Nat said, slinging her arm around Peter’s shoulders. “We’ll get you home in time for your next great science fair.”
The idea of old Peter was all it took for Peter’s throat to close. Coughing, he recapped the bottle and set it on the ground.
Tony was twitchy. Anxious. Like he’d mainlined a few gallons of caffeine into his bloodstream. Nat and Clint didn’t ask any questions, just shoved him off the quinjet the moment the tires hit the helipad.
Bruce’s hands were quick and sturdy. It took Peter a couple extra seconds to catch up to the burning pain of the bones clicking back into place.
Something about last night felt tense and wrong. Like Peter not eating had given Steve a piece to a puzzle Peter didn’t even know his dad was trying to solve.
Steve’s fingers traced over every inch of Tony’s body in a markedly non-sexual way. Below Tony’s ribs, on his left side, was a large purple patch of bruising. At least none of his bones felt broken. Just bruises and the cut on his forehead. Steve was overreacting.
His head felt a bit too light while he was struggling into the suit. Standing on one foot made him dizzy enough that he had to sit on the edge of his bed while tugging the fabric up his calves.
Peter rolled his eyes. They had been friends for over a year before Peter had the courage to tell Ned who his parents were. It had been six years since they met, and Ned still treated words out of either of his fathers’ mouths as gospel.
Hands closed on Tony’s shoulders again but this time Tony couldn’t shake them off. “Tony. Take a breath.”
Steve was still looking at the stove and completely missed Tony’s harassing gaze. “What would you report me for? Having better stamina?”
But Tony didn’t slow down. His arms pumped like pistons, his designer shoes slapping against the grimy sidewalk.
“You’re not doing this.” Tony threw his hands out, shrugged. A ‘what can you do?’ gesture. “I’m not going to let you play the superhero blame game. No free passes in the Stark-Rogers home.
Well, it turned out Nat had a full hospital worth of medical supplies hidden in the floorboards of her bathroom. Bandages, smelling salts, scalpels, bags of saline, even something that looked suspiciously like a saline bag filled with a type of poison. What was any of this even for?
“Just… just eat something, okay? Anything. An apple, a carton of ice cream, one of those energy drinks you turn into slushies… just something. Please, kid.” Tony stood up and glanced behind him.
Steve wasn’t comforted by that at all but he tried to calm down. Peter was a teenage superhero. Not a missing toddler. He could handle the streets of New York for the duration of his temper tantrum.
Peter didn’t know what he had said wrong. Steve went back to his breakfast and Peter fidgeted, ripping up his napkin so he wouldn’t eat anything else. He wasn’t even hungry.
Tony took a long sip of his coffee and wished it had a little more kick to it. But he had promised Steve he would stop drinking. Peter deserved better than a drunk for a father and he wasn’t going to have a repeat for the incident a few weeks back. “Do you think it might have to do with his birth parents?”
“The team is coming here.” Steve held his hand up before Tony could start again. “Fury thinks the tower is their next target.”
Instead of rolling her eyes or emasculating them further, Nat took it in stride and went first, Clint at her heels and Tony at his.
Tony’s eyebrows furrowed. “I don’t understand. Kid, that’s why I want you to tell me what’s happening.”
“It’s not even bleeding anymore,” Tony said, tugging the hood back in place. “I’ll clean it out and bandage it when we get home.”
The gears turned, the hypothetical ones Tony always pictured when he thought of the inner workings of his own mind.
Clint didn’t even look at Nat’s cards. He just slammed his own down, let off a string of expletives that had both Tony and Nat chuckling, and walked off.
They wasted a few precious seconds staring at each other, jaws slack, while the doors clanged shut and their son disappeared down the elevator shaft.
Peter took one last look at his face. Picked out the areas that would be improved upon without pizza in his system. His jaw would be stronger, his cheeks less childlike. He would look like a man, not a boy.
But he needed to try. Steve wouldn’t be magically healed by anything Tony did, but it would get him up, standing or at least sitting.
“What?” Tony asked, gesturing with his fork at Peter’s plate. Peter only had a single scoop of eggs on his plate. No bacon. “Are you still full from all that pizza and whatever other sugary garbage you and Ned ate last night?”
Fortunately, one hand and one leg had escaped the unmovable lump of Steve and Tony managed to prop his tablet on one knee while his fingers danced over the touch screen, adjusting and editing things as well as he could with only one hand and limited visuals.
Which wasn’t super surprising, really, considering they were all superheroes who changed from civilian clothes into superhero suits regularly and publicly. But Peter couldn’t help himself from staring. At his dad. Like a complete and total weirdo.
Before he knew it, his plate was empty and he leaned back in his seat to rest both hands over his very satisfied gut.
Steve looked a bit crestfallen at that. “Oh. Like robotics and stuff? Yeah, you and your dad are way ahead of me when it comes to that stuff.” Steve’s tone wasn’t dismissive or mean but … resigned.
Peter cringed and his stomach rumbled in reply. He picked his words carefully. “Sorry, we kind of overdid it last night with the pizza and I feel kind of gross.”
He earned all that food, right? He worked out for a full hour. It’s important to eat a good meal and Steve wouldn’t make him a bad one, right?
“It’s Peter,” Tony finally said. He wasn’t lying. Just omitting certain truths. “I’ve been worried about him and instead of dealing with it, I may have taken an extra Xanny-”
The whole thing reminded him too much of the cave medicine of Afghanistan. Watching soldiers wander in with fresh bullet wounds or shrapnel marring their skin.
“Clint, why don’t you worry about funding your own brats’ college instead of worrying about my kid? Because I think Nat just smoked your ass again and you’re going to need to tap into your savings for that one.”
“Are you saying that because you’re upset we’re not out there fighting or because you’re worried we’re going to talk about you know what?”
An hour had passed, and Peter ran a total of twelve miles and did so many sit-ups, push-ups, and lifting exercises that he could barely see through the sweat dripping down his face. It stung his eyes and a scratch on his jaw.
What if Peter got worse, or needed them, or wanted someone with him, or anything like that, and Steve was sleeping, completely oblivious, while his son suffered-
When he finally stopped, the fork coming to rest next to his plate, it felt like he was pulling himself out of a fever dream.
The footsteps started up again, running. But this time, they were getting quieter instead of louder. Whoever this guy was, he was on the move.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Different type of doctor but I’m glad your ego is doing well. Can you just let me see it?”
The agent looked about ready to grab a backpack and jump from the plane. Anything to escape Tony’s stare. “The serum isn’t what we’re after.”
Clint leaned back in his seat, absently picking something out from under a fingernail with an arrow. “No, I’m with Tin Man. Why are we storming a base we’re not even sure we have to?”
With an animalistic scream, like a man being gutted alive, Steve threw his shield against the bulletproof glass one more time and it shattered. The whole panel broke outward and cold air rushed in.
“Hey, Jarvis?” Tony asked. “Tell Peter when he gets out of the shower to meet us up here for family breakfast. Make sure you let us know when he’s on his way, though.” Tony’s lips ghosted over the shell of Steve’s ear, his breath warm as whispered some ideas for their morning that involved burning breakfast and other very anti-Steve sentiments.
Tony couldn’t believe this. Refusing to drink or eat something was one thing. Dumping it down the pipes was another. “What was the point of that? I know you didn’t drink it. I’m sitting right here.”
“Peter, what’s…” Tony jumped to his feet and came over to the other side of the table, knelt at Peter’s side and palmed the back of his head. Peter’s face was in his hands so he didn’t have to look his dads’ in the eyes. “What’s going on? Talk to us.”
“Maybe.” Steve stood up and began to pace. “I just don’t know, Tony. Something seems wrong. I can’t put my finger on it. Something is just
“What about drinking this?” Tony held the bottle up, waving it enticingly. “Just to give you energy to burn.”
Tony snapped his fingers. “Jarvis, send all the suit prototypes and anything that isn’t my personal bright and shiny ride into the safe. Pronto.”
Clint let Fury and Bruce in, checking the hall before clicking the assortment of deadbolts and traditional apartment locks. Seven or so locks for one door.
“Hit us with the bad news first,” Bruce murmured, thumbing through one of the files. “That way we end on a good note.”
Tony considered this. “You have to tell someone, Peter. You don’t have to talk to us but you have to talk to someone.”
Returning to the living room, Tony found that Peter had shifted so his face was completely hidden in the crevice between Steve’s neck and shoulder.
“Dad, I drank all of it. There were, uh, um, some, like- you know? Dregs! There were dregs collecting in the bottom and I hate those so I just poured out the last sip or two because of, uh… dregs?”
The Stark-Rogers home was in shambles and there wasn’t room for Tony to be stuck in his head. He wasn’t allowed to take a mental health day himself because every day was either a mental health day for Steve or Peter or the both of them.
An hour or two after arriving at Ned’s, Peter got a phone call from Tony that the team had been called in for a mission. He and Steve would be out within the hour.
Working out always made him extra hungry so Peter piled his plate as high as possible before sitting back down at the table.
“So, what?” Tony objected, “You’re gonna storm the tower like the knights of Camelot and leave me here to twiddle my thumbs and protect my
Since the project itself was fake, Peter was 100% sure the science behind it was equally terrible, but Steve was listening raptly, breakfast forgotten.
“We’ll figure it out, okay?” Tony set his coffee cup down and took Steve’s hand in his own. “Right now, let’s just go try for another hour of sleep. It’s early and Pete won’t be up for a few more hours at most.”
Usually, Tony would make some smart ass comment about Captain America and destruction of property but he couldn’t think about anything other than his son.
Tony turned to Thor just in time to see another rocket cresting over the skyline, coming straight for him.
“Tony, we’re married. Enough with the constant accusations!” Steve had a miraculously similar stain on his own shirt, slightly lower, almost like-
“I-” His voice was little more than a murmur as Tony helped him sit up and pulled him into his arms, fingers massaging the back of his neck. “I’m sorry, I-I-”
They just sat there for a while, Tony’s hands roaming the planes of Steve's back and arms and over his hair. Pushing heat into Steve’s skin with every brush of his fingers. Reminding him that he was here, in the tower, not on the plane or in the ocean or on the ice. He was with Tony and no one could harm him while Tony was around.
But based how shaky and breakable Peter looked under one of Steve’s arms, Steve was where he needed to be.
His spine was bruised from the sit ups and his eyes sallow and sunken from a sleepless night. His stomach heard the cue to throb and curled in on itself.
He pressed a palm right below his ribs. Peter could feel the empty spot. The missing bulge of his stomach where food would sit and soak after dinner.
Peter dropped his shirt and turned his back on the mirror. It didn’t matter what he looked like now.
“Less protest, Petey.” Tony groaned as he slumped against Steve’s side. His whole body hurt. “More fleeing.”
When Peter woke up, Jarvis was talking. Going on and on about something or other in his gratingly monotonous tone. But Peter couldn’t understand anything over the ringing noise in his ears.
He needed to get out of Manhattan. He could lay low in Queens for the day. Camp out somewhere. Figure out what he was going to do about his dads.
“Steve.” Tony reasoned, cupping the side of Steve’s neck. “He’s locked in his room, asleep. It’s almost five a.m. There’s nothing we can do right now except-”
Steve’s eyes cracked open and he smiled, a flicker of his lips that never met his eyes. “I’m alright. Just catching my breath. Your dad… it scared me. The thought of losing either of you...”
Steve rolled his eyes and dropped his paperback onto the couch beside him. They were in the lab and he was sitting across from one of Tony’s dozens of worktables while his husband tinkered with something that looked suspiciously like their missing alarm clock and a bunch of solar panels.
“I won’t ask you to sleep, Steve. I want you to, but I won’t ask you to,” Tony whispered against his husband’s hair, his breath rustling the golden strands. “But I will make sure that when you want to sleep, or when you need it, I’m right here with you from when you fall asleep until you wake up.”
It didn’t escape his attention that they both looked a little too giddy- or maybe rosy was a better term- for the middle of the day.
I hope everyone’s semester is off to a good start! Mine starts next week and I’m nervous, to say the least. However, I’m also really glad for a safe reason to leave my apartment and see other people, even if it is from behind a mask.
“Peter, we weren’t ready then. We’re ready now.” Steve looped his arm around his son’s neck and felt warmth pool in his stomach when Peter’s arms locked around his hips in response. “This won’t be anything like last time.”
Brandon and Liz walked down the street, blending right in with the rest of the college-age somethings and millennials.
He dug around the back of the jet for a few minutes but came up empty. Just more t-shirts and an old size XS sweatshirt. No amount of finagling would get that to fit Steve.
“No, those bruises are old. Green and yellow. Only on your spine.” Bruce’s eyes went hard. “Did someone-”
Seeing his dad worry about him was the worst. The light going out of Tony’s eyes when Peter couldn’t eat the Pop Tarts. The pinch of Steve’s mouth when Peter threw away his pizza and feigned illness. The unclouded horror as Peter revealed that he had programed Jarvis to erase data.
Tony lost all communication with the team the moment he burst through the door of the main building. Just like that, comms went dead.
Tony turned to his makeshift medical kit, attaching the needle to the tubing and the tubing to the saline bag. He pulled the needle cap off with his teeth because he saw it on a movie once and this moment called for cinematic levels of dramatics.
His bare feet slapped against the concrete sidewalks of Manhattan as he pulled his hood tighter to hide his face. This outfit wasn’t suited for the eleven o’clock news, either, and he couldn’t risk being photographed right now.
Tony was worried that if left unsupervised, Beckham might find some sort of tech he could use to craft a way into the vault in the basement. Sure, the vault was the safest vault on the black market and had been altered by none other than Tony himself, but he admitted his creations were fallible. Sometimes. Very, very rarely.
Steve followed Peter’s line of sight and pulled them back from the window just in time for a missile to ricochet off the glass.
Steve gave Peter an incredulous look. “Don’t say that. No one is looking at us. Even if they were, it doesn’t matter. They are jealous of our view, though. This skyline is much prettier than Nick Fury.”
The girlfriend, Mockingbird, slipped out from under her boyfriend’s arm. “I’ll get the stuff, Brandon.”
Tony couldn’t stop looking at the loose fabric of Peter’s suit. Peter’s suit was perfectly tailored to his body and designed to accommodate basic changes. It wasn’t meant to drape over his shoulders or pool at the dip of his hips.
Peter let them hold him. Let his dads touch his hair and hug him like they had done back when we was a scaredy cat toddler with his thumb in his mouth.
Steve with so much blood dripping down one side of face from a head wound that Peter thought he had lost an eye. The wound was closed and a thin white scar a day later, but the sight of all that blood… Peter saw.
So Peter skipped the pizza, even an hour later, when his stomach cinched and yowled, begging for him to feed it.
Nat arrived next, wearing a black evening gown with a set of small daggers artfully arranged at her waist. Her hair was pulled up and encrusted with gemstones. If it wasn’t for the cutting glare and the signature shade of red hair, Steve wouldn’t have recognized her.
This would be so much easier if he had less of a conscience. He needed to spend less time with Steve.
All of it helped Peter to forget that Steve was fighting a battle two blocks away. To forget the tendrils of tension snaking between him and his dad.
Tony was still fixed on Peter’s fully stocked plate. He hadn’t eaten much at breakfast either. Maybe he was coming down with something. “Do you feel okay?”
It didn’t occur him until after Jarvis had beaten him four times to check on Peter. Concussions and impromptu naps weren’t an ideal combination.
After taping the syringe in place, Tony adjusted the flow of the saline and held the bag tight in one fist. The other hand he busied toying with Peter’s hair.
JARVIS took too long to respond. Which meant Tony was feeding him information from the quinjet. Tony only fed JARVIS information when he wanted to hide things. “
For a few seconds, Peter just held Tony tight and hoped that would be it. They would have breakfast as a family, talk about the mission and whatever they were going to do this weekend and that would be it. No talk of food, or the incident in the gym, or-
Peter was in shock because his dad was supposed to be across the country, fighting bad guys. Not staring at him across the hall like Peter was breaking his heart with every second.
Vents started hissing and Steve took the deepest breath he could, holding onto the air the same way he held onto the hope that the rest of his team would find him before he fell asleep.
“You are stronger than this,” he murmured to his reflection, taking all of it in. His sallow skin, his plump cheeks grandmothers loved to pinch, his wide eyes. He was equal parts terrified of dinner, equal parts exhilarated.
The black spots started to dance again. He had seen them a few times in the last hour, every visit lasting longer than the one before it, but they were harmless. Just weakness and donuts leaving the body, right?
Peter had been shaky and cold since he saw Tony standing in the kitchen. Now, he felt a full body tremor building at the base of his spine. “Wh-what are you talking about?”
Tony leaned against the wall and slid to the floor. His gaze wasn’t accusatory or scared the way it had been earlier that day. Maybe, exploratory? Questioning? Curious?
But why was he so addicted to food that he couldn’t quit for a day without his mind fixating on all the things he wanted to eat? That scene he made at dinner… pathetic.
I hope everyone is having a good week and this update makes it even just a little bit better. Stay tuned; I finally did some outlining and things are building up, I promise. These poor boys are gonna suffer.
“It’s not supposed to be a terrorist negotiation.” Tony reached out to take one of Steve’s hands but Steve shifted so he couldn’t reach it. “I know you don’t want to talk about this. I understand. Jesus, I fucking get it. But, Steve, I love you, and you’re hurting yourself. Look at your reflection in a mirror. You look like a well-aimed breeze could knock you over.”
“Uh, I’m not sure about Pops.” Peter’s chest burned at the thought. He still hadn’t seen Steve since they got back from the mission. And it didn’t seem like Tony was planning to budge on letting Peter see him anytime soon; not when Steve was having a cold episode. “But yeah, Dad will be there.”
Peter was trying to decide if the black spec on the sidewalk was an old woman or a millennial with poor posture when he saw the next missile.
It took Steve’s hand on Peter’s shoulder for him to realize they were fine. He was safe. Pops was safe. The bunker floor had held.
Ten minutes later, Peter came out of his bedroom, hands tucked into his sweatshirt pocket. He was wearing oversized sweatpants and fuzzy socks. He was trying to disappear in all of the fabric and it was working. He looked smaller, frail.
Peter took a deep breath through his nose, let it stutter past his lips. He was shaking again. Why was he shaking? Was it leftover nerves from Tony confronting him? Or shakiness because he was about to launch into a panic attack?
“Fine, fine!” Tony walked off, murmuring to himself before shouting over his shoulder. “I’m getting a clean shirt before Peter has an aneurism. I’ll grab one for you, too,
The weird layout of the compound hid it from view until they were only a few feet away, but halfway down the left side of the building, a doorway dropped into a creepy set of stairs. The door hung ajar and because this mission was destined to end poorly, everyone had the feeling this is where whoever they heard earlier went.
Bruce and Fury went next, Bruce casting a look Peter’s way before Fury ushered him down the stairwell.
special and disappeared back into his workshop, mug abandoned on the kitchen counter in favor of the full coffee pot.
Steve ran a hand over his hair and sighed, taking a seat at the kitchen island while Tony cocked a hip against the countertop. “Tony, I’m worried about him.”
He clutched his gurgling stomach harder and grimaced. His insides felt slimy and stiff all at once. His hands left damp patches on his clothes. His outside,
Tony walked across the length of the roof top landing pad, letting Jarvis scan the whole area. Nothing. No trace of where Wheaton may have gone and no signs that Beckham had been with her. Why would someone blow up a level of the tower and leave empty handed? If this was a distraction, what for?
He reached a steel door. Knocked on it a few times. It was a thick, solid. At least six inches, maybe more.
What if his dads figured out that he was on a diet and tried to stop him or force him to eat an extra plate and then he-
Painstakingly, Peter peeled his suit down his shoulders, careful not to let the fabric slip past his hips. He didn’t want Bruce to see the ugly way his stomach fat pooled on his lap when he was sitting.
Like a petulant child, Tony took three aggressive breaths before cocking an eyebrow. “There. I’m zen. Can we go find our son or do you need me to harmonize a chorus of kumbaya first?”
Tony’s mind raced but he couldn’t put the pieces together. Steve’s suit wasn’t damaged. And while it was tight, Tony had designed it with comfort in mind. “Probably? Is your suit bugging you?”
Getting Steve out of the suit turned out to be more of a challenge than Tony expected. It was skintight and with Steve trembling beneath his hands, Tony struggled to get the material down his hips and off his thighs.
Something glinted in Steve’s eyes and Tony wasted no time getting him out of bed and to the bathroom.
“Of course.” Tony pulled himself onto the couch beside Peter, kissing the side of his head before his son could push him away.
“Peter Stark-Rogers,” Tony leaned over the table, the morning sun reflecting behind him like a defunct halo. “I’m serious. Whatever is going on, you’re not in trouble. But don’t lie to me about it. Don’t sit here and tell me you have the stomach flu or that nothing is wrong. Something is going on, kid. And I can’t help you, Pops can’t help you, unless you let us try.”
Peter was standing on the curb, the bus pulling away in a puff of foul smoke, the screech of metal axles ringing in his ears. He was on limited time. He needed to find somewhere to settle in for a nap.
“Wow.” Tony glanced up and scanned Peter’s face. “Yeah, I don’t buy it. Count me out. What is actually going on? A girl? A guy?”
Nat hushed them. All Tony could hear with his own breathing and the occasional whir of his suit. The air was eerie, dead.
It took a few tries for the words to make it past his lips, but Steve finally whispered about a hot bath.
Steve pulled Tony to his feet and looped an arm around his husband’s waist while Tony struggled to sling his own arm across Steve’s broad shoulders. Usually, Tony loved how much taller Steve was. Right now, it felt like trying to hold onto the side of car.
Steve smiled at that and Tony could see the shell of his trauma slowly but surely cracking. Not going anywhere, but easing up its hold in the moment.
Tony slung an arm around Peter’s shoulders and they walked into the kitchen like that, Peter’s arms hugging his dad tight.
Tony unplugged his suit from the wall and the cage slammed back into place hard enough to shake the ground beneath them.
Peter sniffed and dragged his palm beneath his nose. He wasn’t stupid. Tony had taken the sticker off so he wouldn’t try to check the calories or processed sugars. “Dad, where’s the sticker?”
Fury joined Clint across the room and Steve elbowed Tony just hard enough to get his husband’s attention. “Really? You had to say that?”
Greetings from the pile of homework I have been living under these past few weeks! I hope the school year/work year/pandemic is treating all of you well. I personally have been pretty stressed but I think it'll start to get better soon. Darkest before the dawn and all that jazz.
“I don’t know what I can do to help you, if there is anything I can do. But if you want, I can stay right here. I can hold you. Tell you stories of my MIT days that’ll make you blush. I’m here for you, Steve. I’m right here.”
“Why are you so moody right now?” For anyone else, the question would be snide or patronizing, maybe even both. From Bruce… it was genuine.
Steve didn’t say anything back, just breathed into the phone. He sounded just as worried as Tony felt.
And don’t get it wrong; Peter knew he was adopted. He knew there was a reason why he didn’t have Steve’s kind smile or Tony’s clever eyes. Why he hadn’t inherited either Steve’s blond locks or Tony’s jet black hair, but instead his own shade of mousy, bland brown.
Thank you to all the kudos and comment leavers! There no better way to wake up than some AO3 emails about other people reading your crackpipe fanfiction.
Tony was shameless in everything he did. It didn’t stop with how he expressed his love. “I love you, too, monkey.”
But Jarvis was gone too. All things wireless were dead. If his suit’s power didn’t lay nestled in his chest, it would be dead, too.
“Kid, you don’t have to eat them. I meant that. But you need to talk to me. I need you to tell me what is going on because something is wrong. I’m your dad. I can see it.”
Steve stirred, pulling Tony from his thoughts. Steve shifted his whole weight and almost broke a couple of Tony’s ribs in the process.
Steve held his hands up, the sauce smear all over the front of his shirt the only thing Peter could focus on. “Peter, we were just-”
Tony was hot just looking at Peter, but he knew there was no convincing Steve that one blanket would have been enough, so he smiled and nodded. “Steve, he’s fine. Whatever she gave him-” Tony glanced down at the syringe mark at the base of Peter’s throat- “will wear off soon enough and then we can find him a seminar on why walking around barefoot in NYC is a bad idea even when you’re mad at your dads.”
“Steve. This is about your DNA, your superhero creating DNA. That, in the wrong hands, could start world wars and just as easily end them.” Tony rubbed his eyes and checked over his and Steve’s shoulders. They were still alone. “But… this is also about Peter. Something is up with him, Steve. I don’t know what it is, or if I’m just worrying for no reason, but I need you to watch him.
His palms were clammy and his heart was racing. Steve usually came out of the episodes by now. This was supposed to be the part of the process where Steve was tired, and still a bit shell shocked, but smiling and sitting up. Not a blob under the blankets, unable to do more than blink and nod.
Thor put Peter down once they reached the room and Peter scampered a few feet away as soon as his feet found the floor. He was determined not to let anyone else pick him up.
“Is he okay?” Peter caught himself chewing on a fingernail and stuck his hands under his thighs. Ned was stirring on the other couch, grumbling incoherently.
Hello everyone! Sorry this chappie is a few days late. I went away for a COVID-19 safe vacation and the wifi there was terrible so I'm just able to edit and post this now. Don't worry; I'm still on track to have a nice update ready in time for this Sunday.
Steve groaned. Great. Clint and Tony were already getting started with what he and Nat liked to call their ‘thing.’ Basically, both of them reverted to their teenage roots and acted like a pair of roosters with their chests puffed out.
With a groan, he pushed himself up to his elbows and tried to piece together what happened. But Peter’s arms were slick with sweat and sent him back down to the ground, landing on his jaw.
“No, no, no. You can’t- you took the sticker off so I couldn’t read what was in it. It’s probably a thousand calories or something and you just- you just want me to…”
“A day or two at most. I let Fury know that I was pissed over having to go at all and I think he understands the longer they keep me tied down, the higher the chance of me going AWOL and abandoning the mission all together, Brandon be damned.”
“If it makes you feel better,” Ned said, “I only read them so I can write accurate fanfiction versions.”
But right below his left ear, in the hollow space between his jaw and neck, was a bloody patch the size of a thumbnail.
After backtracking, wandering, and backtracking some more, the thud of slamming doors echoed clear enough for Tony to pinpoint the direction.
It was time to choose. Refuse. Give in. Throw the bottle at the wall and use the shock lag to run for it again.
After finally getting the suit off and rubbing some warmth into Steve’s arms, Tony made quick work of helping him into the sweatpants and shirt. It was a testament to how far from now Steve was, that he allowed Tony to dress him.
“Pops, the last time- the last time those people got you and Dad… said- he said you…” Peter’s voice cracked. His next words were broken and splintered. “You could’ve died.”
Because someone, somewhere, had taught him to smile instead of speaking his mind, instead of defending himself.
He yelled but no one answered. Not Steve or whoever he could hear walking around in there. The footsteps were too light, too uneven to be Steve’s.
Almost immediately, his gag reflex kicked in. If Tony wasn’t sitting a foot away, his eyes boring into Peter’s, Peter would have spit it back in the bottle. Given up and beelined for his room.
Steve shook his head and clenched his fists. “Do you want me to talk to S.H.I.E.L.D.? If it makes you feel safer, I-”
He told Bruce everything. The constant passing out, the over exercising, the refusal to eat. Even how Peter tried make himself throw up in the sink earlier. No details spared, no portions glossed over.
Peter was moody the rest of the way back to the tower, arms crossed and eyes down. Neither parent tried to talk to him.
Then, Tony gently nudged his leg under the table and asked what was going on. But he didn’t ask the way Tony usually asked, with a side dish of side eye and a mouthful of snark. Instead, Tony’s eyes were soft, pleading, and that always messed with Peter’s head.
“I know that, okay? I know all about abusing pills and powders and the happy little substances. I went to AA, Steve. I know.” He caught himself before he could begin chewing on his nails and tucked his fingers against his palms. “I promise. I won’t go above the dosage on the label again.”
Cap, Tony and Clint left without further fanfare. The rest of the team made their way down to the reinforced training room. It was their last hope for a place Wheaton and Beckham couldn’t easily get to.
Tony’s chest went tight and he put his hands over Steve’s shoulders. “Hey, hey. Let me help, alright? You know I love nothing more than getting you out of your clothes. It’d be my pleasure.”
Steve looked confused but Tony knew exactly what Bruce wanted to talk to them about. It was written in the set of Bruce’s eyes and mouth.
It was hard to leave Clint and Nat out cold on a stairway, like ripping himself in half, but he had to keep going, even if it was a trap.
Tony nodded and sat on the edge of the bed, his knee bouncing. “Steve, something just feels… off. I don’t know what it is but I know something is different. Peter’s been acting weird for a few days now. On edge. But not the usual anxious on edge. It’s different. It’s…
Steve’s eyes dropped from seeking out the wall and found Tony’s. “How long are you going to be gone?”
Tony sank down beside him, and after making sure his palm and fingers were warm, carefully placed his hands on the sides of Steve’s face. Steve’s skin was cold to the touch.
Tony made quick work of getting one of Peter’s arms free from the spandex of his suit. He looked so small and pale with Tony’s hand holding up his bare, limp forearm.
“Let me see your shoulders and abdomen, Peter. Check for broken ribs or internal bleeding from the fall.”
“So, um, the base is set up- like this.” The agent tapped at his tablet and a holographic layout of the area appeared level with their eyes. “It doesn’t look like much, but that’s because the majority of the structure is underground.”
Steve shook his head and tightened his arms around Peter. Peter was still cold, too cold, but he wasn’t shivering. That had to count. “Sorry. What were you saying?”
He gave both Steve and Tony hugs and assured them time after time again that he would not be going out as Spiderman.
When Peter finally reached the tower, Tony was waiting for him in the lobby, a suitcase in one hand and his cell phone in the other.
Peter had been gone for a few hours, out on one of his walks, when he came back to find the tower a complete disaster.
Next, he took to the barbells. Steve had shown him how to use them properly a few times (all the different types of reps) but until now Peter had always done his own thing. Now, he was ready to start taking his workouts seriously.
“Trust me, I would hand off this baton quicker than Peter passing up on eating his veggies, but I’m the only Avenger available who knows shit about technology and science. Even if I let Nat, Clint, and Thor handle this mission alone, one of those dodos will accidentally grab a futuristic nail clipper instead of the devices or samples we need.”
“Because I’m a patriot, and I love your work, I’m going to give you one more chance to do this willingly,” Brandon said. “The easy way, if you will.”
“Water. Keep him hydrated. If you can get him to eat something, anything- do it. I’ll keep an eye on him, too.”
Steve huffed. “Sure. Just excuse yourself because you’ve been doing it for longer. That’s perfectly logical.”
“Not hungry?” Nat tried to offer him the other half again. “It’s okay. I don’t want the whole thing anyway.”
Peter was showering off the full body sweat he’d worked up during his run- which Tony fully intended to grill him about later because since when was Peter into fitness?- when Jarvis informed Tony that there was a S.H.I.E.L.D. assignment waiting for him on his desk and Fury had labeled it ‘
When Tony reached the school, he was out of breath and sweaty. His heart was smashing into his ribs and he was on his way to an anxiety attack. But there wasn’t time to stop, to catch his breath, to calm down.
“Kid!” Nat ran over. “We’re trying to…” Her eyes darted between Peter and Bruce, reading their body language. “What’s going on?”
These next few chapters are going to get heavy with Peter and Steve’s problems. All triggers will be listed at the end of chapter notes.
The radio was just so they could try and pick up mission updates from his dads and figure out what they were doing.
They were concerned. They loved him. They actually, honestly cared. But all Peter wanted to push his dads away.
Tony’s mouth stretched into a firm line and he rubbed his forehead with a clean part of his left wrist. “Steve, I have been sleeping less than the doctor recommends since I was a teenager. I know it’s not healthy, okay? I know. But don’t tell me that because I’m not perfect I’m not allowed to worry about you. I don’t sleep because I’m an asshole to my own body. Why you’re not sleeping… it’s different. You know it’s different.”
Steve chose that moment to walk up as well. His cowl was down but he was in full superhero mode, too. He adjusted his gloves and flexed his hands, the navy leather straining against his knuckles. “Your father is completely serious, Peter. I am too. We can’t risk something happening to you while we’re gone. We- I would never be able to forgive myself.”
“Dad, you’re lying to me.” Peter said, simply, like he was relaying the weather or time of day. His voice dropped to barely above a whisper. “It’s another cold episode, isn’t it?”
Brandon slipped his phone into his back pocket and threw his hands up. “I know, I know. You’re right. I just wanted to commemorate how sexy you look with superpowers.”
Get ready for some serious whump in this upcoming chapter. Steve and my boys have no idea what's coming for them. (But especially Steve. Poor guy.)
“I wasn’t saying anything,” Tony said, his eyes searching Steve’s a little too intently. “Happy is on his way. He’ll be here as soon as he can.”
“You better be right.” Clint shook out his shoulders. “There nothing to hide behind up there. Also, there’s a bit of a fall to think about.”
Tony had his ever-present tablet in front of him, his fingers racing across the screen as he fiddled with yet another invention/program/plan of his. Steve had the newspaper to his left but barely glanced at it as he ate.
“This has gotten pretty messy, hasn’t it, kid? It all started with a mission and now here we are. You and me, in Nat’s secret apartment, as I perform emergency first aid because you refuse to take care of yourself. Totally out of character for you, monkey. Usually, you and Pops are the ones ensuring I take care of myself.”
It took almost a dozen tries for Tony to find and properly insert the needle into the vein. Peter’s inner elbow resembled a pin cushion.
and made his way over to Steve’s side of the bed. Their bedroom was pitch black and a few degrees warmer than comfortable. At least to Tony. Steve was curled up under their quilt like it was the middle of winter.
Tony didn’t notice that Bruce had come in right behind Thor until the doctor was waving Tony over, an apprehensive look on his face.
He dropped the suitcase at his side and typed furiously with both thumbs while looking Peter in the eyes. It gave Peter the creeps when he did that. “Is Ned going to spend the night here with you?”
Peter tried to jump up and run for it but Steve’s arms tightened and carefully but firmly help Peter on the couch.
Tony scoffed. “I have too! When we first adopted you, Pops and I fell asleep minutes after putting you to bed.”
His hands were large, the kind of large that made other men’s hands look dwarfed. They were rough with calluses. Usually, they ran warm.
Tony glanced up at Clint, phone to his ear, and cocked an eyebrow. They were in the middle of a game of high stakes poker while Nat took one for the team by letting the rookie from S.H.I.E.L.D. debrief her. She was then going to repeat the useful bits to Tony, Clint, and Thor. Rapunzel himself would meet them on location.
Peter rolled his eyes and slinked off. It was one of those ‘that’s my kid’ moments for Tony. Dramatics were definitely a trait honed on the Stark side of the family tree.
Tony’s brain was built for logic. He was a human supercomputer. Facts. He could think about facts. He needed to focus on the facts.
Tony knew Fury wasn’t a dumb man, but it felt like Fury was trying to prove he was indeed intellectually deficient.
By the time his bus made it to Queens, Peter was sluggish and even dizzier than he had been earlier that day. His head was pounding and his stomach was clenching like a fist.
Peter didn’t realize he was crying until Steve gently pulled him back and used a clean corner of his t-shirt to wipe off Peter’s face.
Tony grit his teeth. He knew all too well about free falling through the sky above Manhattan. Been there, done that, not again, thank you. “I know.”
Hello lovelies! The spring semester is underway and I am already drowning in homework. Whelp. Guess it's great I have a stress relieving side hobby of writing fan-fiction then, huh?
“I could also tell you global warming is a conspiracy theory, but my morality sense is tingling and I don’t want to lie.”
“How are we going to get in?” Tony asked, smacking his open palm against the door a couple of times. The only reply was the loud knocks echoing down the linoleum halls. “Or I guess a better question would be, if Peter got in there, how’d he do it?”
Peter sighed in relief. Even though he would rather eat thumb tacks than have this talk with his dads, he couldn’t help the stress leaving his body at the sound of Steve’s voice. He sounded normal.
There wasn’t an ambush waiting behind it, or even a lab or ominous looking maps or machines or anything.
“So… we do know what we’re infiltrating the base over,” Tony asked, dropping his elbows onto his knees.
Steve’s head settled into the groove between Tony’s neck and shoulder and Tony let his cheek fall against Steve’s hair.
Tony came back, looking like a cat who destroyed something you cherished but hid it so well you’ll never find it, and threw a fresh shirt Steve’s way.
It’s Peter’s anxiety. Peter is worried about Steve. Of course. Why didn’t Tony put those pieces together earlier?
Without a word, she climbed the structure and slipped into the cage through one of the larger mesh openings at the top. It was tight, but she fit.
The horrifying reality that Tony had caught Peter with his fist down his own throat only a few hours earlier.
Peter woke up around ten am. It was an early wake up for a Saturday morning, but he wanted to get some time in the gym before his dads made their way down here.
Tony explained what he knew. Clint knew most of it from the debriefing and from the fact that he was there. But no one had told him that the crazies had gotten Peter, too.
Now, the hunger was a painful throb and all he could think about was eating. All the food he couldn’t eat, because he wanted to change, and all the food he wanted to eat, because he couldn’t eat it.
Steve was still a bit shaky on his feet, so Tony had to help him climb in so he didn’t slip, arms straining with the effort of supporting Steve’s weight.
“C’mon, kid.” Tony said, moving so he was sitting directly in front of Peter, the gentle hum of the arc reactor the only noise in the room besides Peter’s staccato breaths. “In. Out. Slowly. You can do it.”
Tony pried off the cover and plugged his suit into the wiring underneath the keypad. The tech was basic and unprotected. He’d hacked it within seconds.
“Hey, it’s not like that,” Tony whispered, getting out of his chair to kneel in front of Peter. “No one wants to make you do anything. That’s not what this is.
Steve gestured for Peter to come to him, to burrow himself into his Pops’ side like he used to do when he was a kid after a nightmare.
They sat like that for a while. Tony checking his phone constantly for an update from the team. A text detailing how the crooks squatting in his tower were being charged. Maybe even a selfie of Steve with some local first responders or bystanders. Steve was always kind to the selfie people.
Clint rubbed the back of his neck, lacing his fingers together. “I don’t like this, Tony. They left us here. So whatever they wanted, they have it now. And we have nothing.”
It was quiet, it had a lock, and he could spend absurd amounts of time in there without any questions.
between them. But by the time he put that together, he could hear Tony’s receding footsteps and he was in the clear.
What did Steve have in common with them? Why would Peter possibly want Steve when Tony was right there and easier for him to be with?
Tony shook his head, half his mind on Pete’s location, the other half very firmly rooted in the semantics he was glancing over on his tablet.
Steve’s lip curled a bit and Tony was taken aback by how mean Steve looked right now. Steve was a lot of things but he was not mean. Not until right now. “This is not some sort of terrorist negotiation.”
His vision swam as Mockingbird, who was much more than a tech billionaire’s girlfriend, rolled him onto his back and smiled down at him. She was still wearing her Greek letters with her blonde hair in a perfect messy bun.
Maybe Tony had programmed Jarvis a little too well. “Absolutely.” Tony’s thumps hooked into the waistline of Steve’s briefs and he spun him around, his mouth trailing down Steve’s neck while Steve mumbled about needing to make sure the eggs didn’t burn.
Steve glanced at his own empty mug once Peter ran out of steam. “I hate when he does that. I wanted some, too.”
The day started with Peter not eating and now some psycho was walking around with a hack job skin biopsy from the side of Peter’s neck.
Steve took a deep breath, held it, blew it out in staccato sighs. Finally, he dropped his hand, letting Tony see his soaked cheeks and bloodshot eyes.
“Or two,” Tony allowed. Maybe even three or four if he was being entirely honest with himself. “But I’ll stop. It’s not a good example to set for our son and it’s probably not the best path to start down. See? I’m making healthy choices and everything. A whole new man.”
It had been a couple of days since Steve’s cold episode and on the surface, everyone was doing great.
He opened the magazine after dinner. It was a simple two-page spread, and the far half of the right page was a full-color photo of Steve kissing Tony on the forehead. Granted, he expected they would choose this one. It’s why he did it, after all, in front of those cameras. Good lighting and a great partner could fool anyone looking at a picture in a magazine. Except, if Steve was honest with himself, he would be perfectly happy to keep kissing Tony with or without the cameras.
Miss Potts pushed two pieces of paper across the table, each with the signature of one Anthony Stark down at the bottom.
"Why not? You deserve it for putting up with my bullshit, Steve. Plus it glows so when you go out for a run in the morning and it's still dark—"
Steve grinned over at him and thought that, perhaps, this wasn't as shitty of an idea as he thought it was on Monday.
“We will be there, black tie and all. I look forward to meeting you. I haven’t been with Steve all that long, but he talks about you a lot. On our first date, even.”
"My boss has himself in a bit of a mess and I need a specific type of individual to help him clean it up. I have a plan, but I need someone capable of executing that strategy, accounting for potential scenarios, improvising when necessary, etc. That has led me to you."
Steve handed Tony the book and sighed. Where was he meant to begin with this? How the hell do you tell someone you have no idea what you’re doing?
Steve insisted, “I didn’t end anything. Tony told me something very important and I didn’t react the way he hoped I would. Before I could say anything, he was running out the door.”
"Of course I mean it. But you didn't hire me to like you, Tony, you hired me to be at your side for a full year."
Steve shook the thoughts from his head and told himself to act naturally. He’d done so poorly when he met Peggy’s family. He bumbled it all, couldn't even get the right words out. Peggy laughed it off and so did everyone else because it was a loving sort of nervous. Everything around Tony made Steve nervous, so it shouldn't be that much of a stretch. He surveyed himself in the mirror like he was going to meet his boyfriend's family for the first time. Which, in a way, he was. Steve stuffed his feet into his sneakers, took a deep breath, and headed down the hallway before he could give it another thought.
Steve laughed, half-embarrassed and half-relieved that Tony hadn’t gotten bored and left. They walked outside and Steve immediately went for Tony’s hand, twining their fingers together as they went on, searching for a nondescript place to eat.
Steve grabbed the contract off the table and crumpled it in his hand. He turned on his heel and headed for the door, flung it open a bit too hard and it clanged before slamming shut behind him. Steve took the stairs two at a time. Being in the penthouse was suffocating, so high up there wasn't enough air to breathe. Just like it had been on that goddamn mountainside when Steve's best friend slipped through his fingers.
“We were on a path toward a future that would have made us both very happy. Then tragedy happened. Grief happened, Steve, and it changed our path. That does not mean I love you any less than I did then, it just made space in my heart for Daniel. We will be happy in a different way from what you and I would have been, but happy nonetheless. I want you there to celebrate. I sent that invitation two months ago, and I heard you left the army so I thought if I couldn’t find you it meant one of two things, neither of them good.”
“If you have to pull tools out from the bottom of your other tools, Steve, then you already have a problem.”
He was gonna pull his foot out and throw his shoe at one of the cameras to break the lens. Steve made a conscious shift from
They chatted for a few minutes about Midtown. Made fun of some of the people walking by, staring at their phones and yelling at their GPS. Something didn't sit right, though; his bullshit detector was on high alert.
“The mechanics of it are easy and you already know them. Don’t squeeze too hard, don’t forget about the balls, and preparation is key. Everything else?” Tony shrugged. “You feel it out. Part of the fun is learning what works and what doesn’t.”
"But once you leave that room your connection to those people remains behind the door. I am not talking about your favorite barista at the coffee shop or the people you see on your morning runs. If you were in trouble, Steve, is there anyone here that you would call for help?"
Steve grabbed his half-finished slice and mumbled, "Always thought I was doing the right thing," as he bit off another portion.
“Can you turn off Captain Rogers for a minute? I need to talk to you about something and don’t want you to analyze it like that. I need to talk to
Steve laughed and glanced over at the executives mumbling around the table. Even the ones seated with their backs to the interior wall had turned around to watch. Steve smiled.
He created an electromagnet to keep shrapnel out of his own heart, so the refrigerator never stood a chance. Watching Tony work was something else, though. He put on an 80s rock playlist and the rest of it was like a dance. Tony Stark was there, fixing things, enjoying himself. He only paused once, and that was to serenade Steve with a lip-synced version of, “You Shook Me All Night Long.” He got through one chorus before Steve pressed the next button. At 12:15, Steve left for the deli and came back with two sandwiches, to find Tony fidgeting with the sink faucet.
"My name. He yelled my name like if anybody could save him it'd be me, but I was too late. You escaped Afghanistan and came back to your life here in New York with your ugly skyscraper and your robots and your friends ... There is no way for you to understand the pain of realizing that I had made war my life, and war took my future away from me."
"I know you did something in the army that was so bad even I can't figure out how to access the documents. All I get is a bunch of black redaction lines on stacks of paper."
Tony raced over to pull it out and nearly toppled over one of the chairs. He was visibly disappointed by what he found. He sighed and said,
He considered leaving. He knew he should walk away from this offer and never look back because that was the sensible thing to do. But Tony Stark needed someone, and Steve was so fucking bored.
The receptionist rolled her eyes and tapped her fingers on the keyboard. She glanced at the card Steve held up then back to what Steve assumed was Miss Potts's schedule. With one eyebrow raised, she said,
Tony rolled his eyes and shouted, "That was one business meeting! I've shown more affection to robots."
"You like a good fight almost as much as I do. You wanted a man for this job just to piss off the board members trying to steal the company from under you. You escaped one of the largest terrorist organizations in the world and you expect me to believe you'd just roll over and let other people take control of Stark Industries? I mighta gotten hit in the head a few times, but I'm not that stupid."
“I do. I want what is best for you, and I think the risk of losing your brainpower and range of motion will weigh on you even if it never comes to pass. I don’t want to see you living life in fear of your body betraying you.”
Then he flung himself, bags and all, into the back of the limo. One smooth motion and his butt landed on the passenger-side seat. He placed the luggage at his feet and tilted back onto the headrest. Happy closed the door then settled into the driver’s seat.
“It turns out, Miss Potts can get just about anyone’s phone number. I called them, told them how upset you were to miss their presentation, and asked if they would mind giving you a few minutes. They kind of shouted at me through the phone; they are really excited.”
By 6:00, Tony had fixed more problems in Steve’s apartment than he knew were there. Tony called Steve into the bathroom and turned the shower knob three-quarters to the right, where the optimal water temperature would be.
This woman was pretty; red hair, thin, wearing a suit that probably cost more than Steve's monthly rent. She looked like the sort of person who always had somewhere to be. Her fingers moved across her phone screen beneath the table but she never took her eyes off him.
“I believe you would still have answers,” replied Thor, “but they would be different. Platonic. Tell me what you like about him.”
“See, I know you’re fucking with me because Nat would have told me. She knows everything before you even think about doing it.”
She leaned across the table and said, "Neither of us should want to have this conversation out here. You need money and I have a very, very interesting job opportunity you are perfect for. Think about it, then come see me."
“Well, Tony’s like that. He has a bunch of different settings, different roles to fill. I’ve seen him in board meetings looking like you would think a man who runs a company worth hundreds of billions of dollars would look. I’ve seen Tony dressed up for an event and as an inventor in a workshop wearing jeans that are more grease than denim. But I’ve had these glimpses of him when he is just Tony. He is nearly forty but finds the fun in things the way a young kid would.”
Steve wasn't quite sure. He never expected to retire at thirty, and New York didn't feel like the city he left thirteen years earlier. It had changed, certainly, but Steve had changed, too. He just prayed that he would find a place in it soon.
"Ah, shit, my ma is rolling over in her grave." Steve dragged his palm across his face and glanced up at the ceiling. "She told me never to swear on the first date."
Steve grimaced and admitted, "Never thought it would come up." He walked around the bar to stand next to Tony.
As though that information changed everything, Tony grabbed the box and sniffed it. A smile threatened the corners of his mouth as Steve confirmed,
“Then let’s get out of here,” Fury yelled, waving everyone away from the gaping hole in the side of the building. “We’re exposed up here and Stark doesn’t look too good. Time to find a safe place to regroup and come up with a way to beat these bastards.”
Tony faded in and out of a restless sleep for a few hours. After the sun had been up for an hour, Tony couldn’t take it.
Peter didn’t want to do it. He was too old for this. But Peter’s cheek was smooshed against the knob of Tony’s shoulder before he could stop himself.
Tony, Natasha, and Clint were making their way along the left side of the compound when they heard it. The heavy, aggressive steps of someone running.
Tony’s heart was racing a mile a minute. It hadn’t been bad like this for months. Especially not after a mission. Tony’s chest felt like it was cracking under the pressure. He didn’t want this for Steve. Didn’t want him to live through whatever his mind was playing through.
Tony’s voice reached their ears just as another missile whizzed past the window and arced into the glass a few floors above them.
Knowing that Tony was hurting right now, and it was Peter’s fault… That was the only reason Peter took a breath, shook the nerves from his arms, and crossed the room to sit beside his dad.
Tony coughed and smiled up at them. “My fortune and diplomas would fight you on that one but I’d be happy to review your thesis.”
It worked perfectly. Peter would take a fake bite, chew, and pull off pieces of the pizza slice and shove them into his napkin.
Tony was a shit husband. Lying to get off the phone. The kind of bullshit he used to see Howard Stark do.
Tony’s hand was shaking so hard he had to use both hands to hold the phone to his ear. “Shit, Steve.”
Tony cocked an eyebrow at Nat before turning back to Hawkeye. “Uh huh. Clearly you’ve never been around my son when we’re out of his favorite cereal. You would think his pet chihuahua had died.”
Just when they need the good old Green Giant, he’s giving TedTalks somewhere in Scandinavia. The team was just the Stark-Rogers, Natasha, and Clint. Nothing to sniff at, but only a partial assembling of the Avengers.
Next, Tony draped the thermal blanket over Steve’s shoulders. Steve dropped one hand from his face to hold the blanket closed at his throat. Tony tossed the quilt over the thermal.
Tony fought off the tide of panic building at the edges of his vision. Now was not the time. He could cry and rage about it when he was back in the tower, warm and safe, with Steve there to catch the priceless relics he threw at the walls.
Tony got home during that fuzzy hour of the morning where he and Steve sometimes passed each other in the bedroom, Steve, getting up early, Tony, going to bed late.
“Fury.” The sound of his name alone made Tony’s blood boil. “I would say it’s great to see you but Cap’s morals are rubbing off on me and I’ve stopped lying.”
Tony’s arms were crossed and he didn’t look convinced. Steve’s worry was the only emotion Peter could read off of him.
Peter gulped. ‘Aunt’ Nat and ‘Uncle’ Clint had both come to his last science fair over the summer and it was an experience he wasn’t necessarily sure he wanted to go through again. They were a little too enthusiastic about the miniature jet engines he designed and their questions about selling the blueprints to the CIA did not go unnoticed by the teachers on the judging panel.
Peter fell flat on his stomach, hands cuffed around his head. His breath puffed hot and ragged against the cold floor.
Now, with one super mind and one super being, they were on their way to becoming the heroes the world needed.
“Why don’t you start by telling us how long this has been going on?” Tony said, nervously toying with his wedding ring. “When did all of this start?”
“Uh, you kinda do.” Tony was exaggerating (sort of) but Steve’s love for cleanliness might just get him out of bed. Tony took an exaggerated sniff. “I’m getting a whiff of spoiled milk, sweat, that weird fungus people get right on their-”
“Well, then you give me no choice.” He slipped the mask on, strapping it into place. “I’ll just have to knock you out for it. Don’t worry, the brain damage from lack of oxygen will be minimal.”
“You know,” Steve started, dropping his fork and rubbing his forehead. “I know I’m not Tony- my brain doesn’t work like either of yours, I guess- but you can still tell me about school and that stuff. I may not understand it, but I’m happy to listen to it.”
“Yeah, sorry,” Peter said. It felt right to explain it away. “I think it was just anxiety or something.”
Tony took Steve’s phone and zoomed in. It was Brandon’s girlfriend lifting a car off the curb the same way Steve lifted the couch when he vacuumed. “Do we know what kind of powers we’re dealing with here?”
Peter would’ve grit his teeth but even his jaw was too weak to clench. His whole body was gelatinous from the run. The only reason he was still moving was he couldn’t get his hand high enough to hit the ‘STOP’ button on the machine.
This was never good. Nothing about this is good. But if he’s stopped healing… Steve, he’s so much further along than we thought he was. He’s must have been doing this for at least a week or two. Maybe even longer.”
"I've got you," Tony whispered before kissing the side of Steve’s head and running his hands along his bare shoulders. Steve had slumped over the lip of the tub, pillowing his head on his forearms. Tony’s hands, warm and steady and
Tony had a pair of upside-down goggles strapped to his forehead. Steve was finding it hard to take him seriously when he looked like an extra from
Tony looked Peter over, head to toe. He didn’t say anything. Just shared one of those parenting looks with Steve before turning to call the elevator up.
Tony didn’t know if it was his place, knew for a fact that Steve would be pissed to hell if he told Peter. But there wasn’t a right answer because if he told Peter, Steve panicked. If he didn’t tell Peter, Peter panicked.
Tony threw his hands in the air in mock celebration. “Even better! Let’s take him on a mission so he can faint in the field with bombs and lasers flying everywhere-”
Now that he’d done it, it didn’t seem like that big of a deal. Going a full day without eating was something people did all the time at school. Ned did it accidentally on the weekends at least once a month.
“What’s wrong with him?” Clint asked, a few stray sesame seeds stuck to his lower lip. As if the subject of Clint’s inquiry was in question, Clint motioned to the morose teenager sprawled on a bench.
“Both of you. Out. I do not want to hear another word about Ned’s fanfiction written about me and my husband and my team. Gross. Not canon. All that.” Tony waved once more when the teens just sat there staring. “I am dead serious. I never want to hear another word about this. Good-bye!”
“Alright. Fine,” Tony said. “I’ll let you tell me how to fix my own shit but we get to talk about you afterwards.”
Except… he couldn’t find a rooftop lounge because his web shooters were at the tower. Shit. He could climb the side of a building but he wasn’t sure he had the stamina for that right now.
Peter looked at his dads' plates. Pancakes and eggs and sausage. Same as what he just ate. He was fine. Food was healthy, right?
Steve sat up and fingered the scar along his neck. A nervous tick he had picked up recently. “Jarvis, how many has he done?”
He found a bus, because no wallet meant no trains or subways, and slipped into the back row before anyone recognized him.
Fury picked specks of concrete and ash off of his all-black outfit. He looked like a malignant shadow. “Not yet, but we will.”
Peter knocked his knee into his father’s. “You can’t get rid of me that easy. Besides, someone has to help you make sure Dad doesn’t burn the house down or explode from drinking too much coffee.”
Peter shook his head and sniffed. His nose was running all over his face. Like a toddler. “No, no. It wasn’t like that. I wasn’t really scared of them. They were young and stupid. I just got scared because… there’s other people like that. People who want to hurt us just because we’re different, you know?”
“Your dad needs almost four times the amount of food as the average adult man his size. That’s why I make all of those nasty specialized protein shakes for him. So he can get enough to eat without polishing off the refrigerator every couple hours.
Steve choked on a mouthful of eggs and Peter ran toward the kitchen before he could be subjected to any more of Tony’s running commentary.
“Are you okay, monkey?” Tony pulled back and raked his eyes over Peter, as if he could see through the suit. “Also, thanks for saving my life. That was a nice touch.”
Tony sat on the edge of the bed, dropping a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “The apartment is all ours. Peter and Ned said something about reading the new Avengers comics for free. Can you believe that? Our own son reading that heteronormalized shit. I wonder which fake, busty blond lover they’ve given you this time. Probably a Susie. A
Peter touched a fingertip to the bandage tapped under his jaw. “I cleaned it and everything. There’s a med kit under my sink.”
“Why do you think I told you?” Tony’s hands were shaking again so he tucked them into his armpits. “Bruce, you’re better with the biochemistry and human body stuff than I am. He needs to eat something soon, right? He can’t live like this much longer.”
If Tony’s limbs weren’t sore and he wasn’t so worried about Steve, he might have wondered why it was so easy.
Good luck everyone with schools opening (both digitally and in-person)! We may be living in a pandemic, but hey, at least we have fanfiction to see us through, right?
Tony shook his head and kissed Steve’s forehead. It was like kissing something fresh out of the freezer. “Peter will be okay for an hour or two. Let’s get you warm and then we can figure out how to help our son.”
As much fun as flustering Steve was, Tony actually did need to get out of the suit and figure out how bad the damage was. Jarvis said the wound wasn’t life threatening unless left untreated. And Steve was such a fucking Boy Scout he had first aid training.
“I’m sorry, brother,” Thor said, a large grin taking over his face. “I was just excited to see you all and got carried away.”
Tony helped Steve onto the bench they had been sitting on earlier. “Take some deep breaths for me while I go find some jackets or blankets, okay? I’m serious. Deep breaths.”
However, working out with them was miserable. Steve could run Peter’s set fifteen times without breaking a sweat and lift all of the barbells in the room without even straining. Tony usually chose to work out alone (3 am was his favorite workout time), but when Tony did work out with them, he could hold his own against Peter.
“That’s alright. I’ll clean up. Why don’t you two get out of the tower for a little bit?” Give me some time to get Steve out of bed. Maybe even a shower and some food. All the things he will flat out refuse if there’s even a sliver of a chance Peter will see him.
The lockdown floor was a room as wide and long as the tower, give or take a few feet of concrete and some bulletproof bay windows. At the center of the space was a table, large enough to seat a dozen comfortably, and a fully stocked coffee cart.
Something felt wrong, but Steve couldn’t put a finger on it. Sure, there was a high chance this was a trap of sorts, Steve knew that. He fought in wars, dammit. He knew a basic trap. This felt… different.
Fury rolled his eyes. “I’m sure it is, Stark. Five minutes. Then we need to start brainstorming a plan to get out of this.”
“Peter? Are you okay?” Suddenly, Tony was standing right in front of him, his hands resting on Peter’s shoulders. “You went all spacey there for a moment.”
Steve was wearing layers, in a hot apartment, and he was freezing. Shivering, teeth chattering, nose and cheeks tinted pink.
“No, no, it’s- it’s not like that!” Peter coughed into his fist, gasping for air like he was coming up after a long swim. “Pops, it’s not-”
With one final tug, Steve pulled Tony up and onto the floor, his usually sure hands fluttering over the singed and dented surface of the Iron Man suit as he tried to find a way to get his husband out of the armor.
That his body would need time to readjust to his new caloric intake and the lack of fats and carbs. It was natural.
“I wasn’t.” Tony’s hands finally found their mark and Steve froze, his whole body electrified, especially when Tony’s hands found him beneath the fabric of his sweatpants.
“No, I’m serious!” Steve bodily spun Tony around and Tony was embarrassed that it… did things to him… to be manhandled like that. “Isn’t that the billionaire’s girlfriend up there?”
He kneeled in front of the toilet for ten whole minutes, fingers white-knuckled on the porcelain, as his breaths stuttered in and out. He felt like he was going to vomit everywhere but nothing was coming up. None of the telltale gagging or belching.
. “I ran into some guys at a comic bookstore with Ned. They said some shitty stuff about us. Really shitty stuff. Like, threats, and it- it just freaked me out because I don’t want anyone to hurt us, especially someone like that guy, and I- I, I guess- I freaked out.”
He had never been able to argue with it before, no point trying now. “I won’t go out as Spider-Man. I’ll just be the a-okay lazy teenager this weekend who sleeps until noon and stays up until four. Is that good?”
They stood there, like that, for a few minutes. Steve’s heartbeat slowing down as Tony’s breathing deepened. They weren’t okay. Not by a long shot. But they were better, just being together.
That, too, was too easy. It was unlocked and conveniently doubled as the home’s basement. The walls, ceiling, and floor were made of solid concrete, with a few vents built into the corners. The only stuff down there was discarded medical tubing, a few used syringes in a medical waste bin, and some old plastic sheeting.
Wordlessly, Steve moved Tony aside and kicked the door of the school open, wood chips spraying across the floor as the door jam splintered.
Fury picked at a fingernail, examined it, and looked around. Dramatics were always accredited to Tony, but truly, the biggest drama queen in the group was Nicholas Fury.
Steve and Tony were standing there, thoughts racing, when Jarvis cleared his throat to get their attention.
Instead, Peter nestled further into the cushions and turned the volume up on the movie so Ned wouldn’t hear the gurgles.
If only they knew that the millionaire on the base, a little shit from Washington D.C. named Johnny Bech, was ready for them, too.
There was a metal door, same as the one he burst in through, on the other side of the cage. All Tony could see were beat up sneakers as the door latched closed.
Tony wished Happy was driving them because they would already be there. But Happy driving meant the paparazzi, and the last thing the Stark-Rogers wanted in this moment was paparazzi.
Bruce looked scared and angry. He was going to tell Dad and Pops. Dad and Pops would think the bruises were from a fight or something. He did not need them to know about this.  “No one hurt me. I…”
“Yeah, it is.” Tony whispered. “It’s exactly what it looks like and that’s okay. Not okay that it’s happening, but okay because we’re going to help you through it.”
“This was a distraction.” Tony smashed the elevator ‘up’ button. “There’s no one here because they’re trying to get to the lab from the roof.”
! Instead… look at me!” Peter was shamelessly crying now. He motioned to himself. “I’m pathetic, Dad. I’m weak and pathetic and nothing like you guys.”
Tony cocked an eyebrow. “So, we both know you were a complete social reject at that age, but was it just me, or was that weird even for Peter?”
“Is pizza okay?” Steve held up two menus, one in each hand. “We can order from that Italian place your dad likes so much. Or that hole in the wall down the block. You pick.”
Tony didn’t know it was possible for him to feel even more depressed, even more wrecked, but Peter managed to do it. Watching the panic and dread flood his son’s face at the idea of eating… that snapped something inside Tony’s chest. He fought to keep it between his ribs and out of his voice.
Steve stopped eating and clasped his hands above his plate, elbows resting on the table. Perfectly executed ‘worried father’ blocking. “What were you anxious about?”
As always, thank you to the beautiful, kind folks who leave kudos and write reviews. All of you help make writing this story easier and I can't thank you enough for that.
Peter’s eyes flicked to the carpet for a second, maybe not even a full second, but that said it all. “Dad, what are you-”
Peter settled his jaw on his knees and tried to distract himself. Calm the tide of thoughts threatening to pull him under until he couldn’t breathe anymore.
Steve shook his head, his hair hanging in front of his eyes, fingers still unable to get the zipper to budge. “No, no, I’ve- I’ve got-”
Peter stood up and gripped the bedpost when his head swam. Damn, the dizziness felt worse today than yesterday in the exercise room. He needed to drink some water before he did something stupid like pass out in front of his dads again.
Right as Tony could hear Steve’s boots smacking up the stairs behind him, movement at the end of the hall caught Tony’s eye. The last door of the honors wing was ajar and swinging closed slowly. The creaking echoed along the walls and Tony felt an icy rush in his veins.
Steve blushed. He felt his cheeks warm up and was grateful for the dim lighting. Steve knew the song immediately from the opening chords, “Be My Baby” by the Ronettes. His ma used to hear it on one of the classics stations, shifting the radio antenna until she could hear the words through the static.
Immediately it was like a partition appeared between them. Tony looked away, picked up his welding helmet, and shot out of the chair. He grumbled something that sounded like, “I have work to do,” and a heavy metal song came through the speakers before Steve could say anything else.
"No, Steven, I don't believe you are. I think you spent a very long time in an environment where being with a man was not allowed and, if revealed, could mean the end of your career. It would end the life you believed you wanted. After hiding for so long, this incredibly personal part of you has been exposed for the world to see. Were you having second thoughts about the contract?"
"You should be out at bars, having one-night stands with hot blondes and knocking back enough beer to forget all the shit you saw in combat."
The workshop went silent. Or, as silent as Tony Stark's workshop could go. There was a constant hum of machinery in the background. Something beeped, but Tony paid it no mind and Steve allowed the quiet to linger as he gathered his thoughts. There was so much he wanted to say, but he didn't have enough words for it.
it has been codified in song.” Tony had the nerve to wink at Steve then say, “This one’s for you, Cap’n Crunch.”
Tony plucked the invitation from Steve’s hand and read through it. He flipped it over to show Steve a handwritten message.
"Captain Rogers," she said his name halfway through an exasperated sigh, "you will find there is very little that I don't know. When I don't know something, I know where to find the answer. I am far better equipped than
"No, ma'am." He stood up to leave, but couldn't bring himself to fully turn toward the door. "I just try to do what's right, and I try to help people."
"What happened? Forty minutes ago you were ready to make out with me in front of the board of directors and now you can't even look at me."
Tony stopped slurping his milkshake and slowly put the glass back on the table. Steve stared at it and watched the condensation form a ring around the base. It never felt like Bucky was truly dead except in those moments when Steve said it out loud. Bucky never really left him; he was around every corner just waiting to be found. Sometimes, in Steve's mind, it was Bucky who left his neighbor's apartment every morning at three. Maybe he ran by Bucky on the street or just missed him on the subway.
Steve went shopping on Sunday. If he planned to be at Tony’s side, he might as well have a decent sweater. He found a quarter-zip pullover, violet and so soft to the touch that he couldn’t part with it.
They leaned back against the couch and didn't say anything for awhile. Tony snuggled into Steve's side, and it felt nice. He could get used to this, to holding Tony, playing video games, threatening anyone who so much as looked at him wrong ...
“Maybe Stark will help you find that bit of yourself again. The past couple years, it feels like I am only talking to half of you. James would want—”
The moment they stepped into the limo to go home, a full ninety minutes earlier than anticipated, Tony hugged him.
He was still quite wary about all this. Sam was right; being bored wasn't a reason to throw himself into a yearlong commitment with anything. Let alone a fake relationship with a man who was a magnet for cameras.
"After Bucky died, I was transitioned out of the Howling Commandos. Looking at everybody's faces it was obvious nothing would ever be the same. I was treated like a widow. They shifted me to the 10th Mountain Division, fuckin' Siberia is what it was. Ragtag bunch wasn't prepared for shit, worst readiness score in the whole goddamn branch. That was 2012, so I spent a year working to increase their preparedness before they gave me a company to captain again."
He walked three blocks north and one block west before ordering a cup of coffee at his favorite cafe. The barista called it coffee, anyway, but it was mostly chocolate and whipped cream. Steve sipped his frappuccino with a smile on his face, determined to make this a good day. It had to happen eventually, didn't it? One good day from top to bottom.
Steve looked down at the business card between his fingers, then back up at the skyscraper in front of him.
Steve would never get used to random people knowing things about his life. He knew there would be quite a few Thorapy sessions about that in the future. But he smiled and nodded at the employee behind the counter, directing the kid to put this topping on that one and so forth. He ignored all the questions until the customer in front of him turned around to ask about Tony.
Steve pressed the pad of his thumb against the bed of his fork and said, “Yes, you do. You wouldn’t come to me unless you’d already thought it through.”
Pepper had texted him the location of a diner a couple blocks from Stark Tower. He knew the address, but checked again just in case. The place was dingey as hell, but the food wasn't half-bad. When they got days off together, Steve and Bucky used to come to Midtown just to look at the people. Overseas it was easy to forget how big this place really was, how noisy and cloistered and unbelievable. Midtown, especially, with its impossible traffic and people shouting at each other because neither cab drivers nor pedestrians seemed to believe in crosswalks.
"Oh." Tony sank further back into the cushion. He didn't say anything for awhile, and when he finally spoke all he said was, "Yeah."
Steve flipped onto his stomach and pressed his face into the pillow, but the pillow formed a too-soft cushion around him. He tossed and turned for a minute before landing on his right side. He closed his eyes, but lying there felt like falling through a cloud. Cloud after cloud, falling only to never hit the ground. Steve sat up, groaned, then grumbled a quick, "Fuck." He tossed the duvet cover onto the floor and began tugging the sheet (with an unholy thread count) off the bed. He wadded it up and tossed it on the ground. Steve grabbed the top of the duvet, wrapped it around his shoulders, and made himself a cocoon.
It was easy to mistake this girl as harmless. But the toned muscles on her arms, the calculated movement she makes, even under duress, and the depth of her eyes are all familiar tells of a fighter.
As he asked that, Steve’s hand automatically reached out—as if to touch him on his shoulder but stopped midway. He must have remembered what he’d been trying to do, which was to give Tony what he thought he wanted. But then therein lies the problem, doesn’t it? Everything between them was not all what it seems.
“Shouldn’t you just go to bed?” the worry was still evident on Steve’s face, but he doesn’t seem as agitated as he was when they were still in that party.
“I worked a deal for you. We can fast-track your release,” there was no mistaking the controlled glee in his voice. Like a parent excitedly telling their kid even though it was hard, they found the toy they wanted for Christmas after all. Or a travel agent proudly exclaiming “yes! There’s still one seat in that flight you really need to take!” He didn’t buy into it. Especially after the next words he spoke.
He turned to the scientist, his anger was curling off him and his hands quickly curl into fists. He heard rather than saw the agents assume position, ready to take him out at any moment. Smart move. Still not enough.
“And then what if you DID feel the same way and we tried and because I’m me and I always screw up I fail and lose you and that’s—I don’t even want to think about it.”
As it turned out, he actually did need Cap’s help. A short EMP disabled him for mere seconds but it was enough to cause him some kinda major problems. He swaggered a little, an enemy got a lock on him, and a nuke, a bit excessive if you ask him, was headed his way. If not for Cap’s quick thinking, quick action and just quick everything (Cap was on the rooftop of the building he was circling, he jumped—or flew, close to several hundred feet to catch Tony midair and clutched at him) he would have been fireworks in the sky and confetti on the ground before he could say
At least he’s not escaping—yet. He was pretty sure Steve was going to run the moment he stepped out (or was shoved, depending on his mood while thinking of that day but he absolutely refuses to admit he was thrown out) of his house, but he’s still there, with his
Who would want to wake up and realize you’ve not only lost your life, but have taken countless others, with nary a say in it?
When he was in the Raft, there was no escaping those thoughts. They consumed him day in and day out. During his first year he almost killed himself going through that day over and over again, trying to figure out where he went wrong and what he could have done to prevent Bucky from dying and Tony from being a murderer. By his second year he gave up and just resigned himself to a lifetime of darkness and self-loathing. By his third year, his dark thoughts were all he’s ever known, and it was like he had been submerged in ice again and when he was pulled out, the life he’d lived was nothing but a painful memory.
The lobby of the building they entered is bland. Gray walls, gray tiles, gray furniture and a middle-aged lady who seems to have a permanent scowl on her face greet their entourage. It was only when they get here that he was allowed his sight and hearing back. Not that he cared.
Like when he noticed that Steve was a touchy-feely troll. He always had a ready tap on the back, grip on shoulders, hugs for everyone—except, apparently, for him. He supposed it made sense for a guy who was frozen on ice to be touch starved. And it also made sense for said guy to be generous of his touches as well. And he was. Someone missed a shot? It’s okay! Here’s a comforting hug! Jubilant victory? Well, here’s more hugs to you! What’s that? Tony did a great thing? He got a nod. And a
“Only technically and don’t interrupt cause I don’t know if I could ever find the courage to say these things again.”
It wasn’t like he sought out to annoy the hell out of their “perfect” leader. But when he’s being his stubborn and immoveable self, it was just so easy—too easy for him to pick a fight and see what made the super soldier tick. In Steve’s mind, of course every little thing he picks on is justified. His rigid, uptight outlook on operations and how his teammates should act at all times is suffocating and frankly, not even that effective. So when he pushes, Tony pushes back even harder. Sometimes it’s just fun to rile Steve up. But other times, he really just wants to tell him to fuck off, shut the hell up and leave him alone.
“Are you fucking kidding me? You’ve already brought me here, right?” He saw Tony take a deep breath before walking towards him. He kept some distance though, not sure if it was out of fear or disgust or whatever.
“It’s disconcerting, having eyes on you all the time,” he used to say. When they were still friends. Contrary to popular belief, he and Steve didn’t just argue. Sure, when it comes to fighting and being a team, verbal sparring was actually normal. But when they’re not subduing villains or saving innocent bystanders, they actually have easy, normal conversations.
But he doesn’t tell Tony any of this. He doesn’t speak to Tony. If he was expecting some kind of gratitude, he doesn’t have any for him.
It happened so fast. One second, he was aiming his repulsor at Steve, the next, Bucky’s head is exploding because he got in the way to save Steve. He was seeing red figuratively—then literally. Because pieces of what used to be Bucky was now everywhere—on his faceplate, on Steve’s hair, face, mouth. It was gore. And it made the world stop.
“We’ve had an outbreak with the other super soldiers,” he continued. Like he cared to listen. Like he paid any attention.
And then it was utter chaos. Because agents were storming everywhere, taking him by surprise. He never called for back-up, nor did he tell anyone where he was going. Ross must have tracked him somehow, his anger making him sloppy enough to not notice.
The envelope was waiting for him on his desk. White. No stamps or any marking. Just his name written in that familiar script.
It was so small he was pretty sure no one else would catch it. But there it was—a sign. A silent plea.
He went back to the center of the room, across the girl. The scientist holding the chart starts whispering in her ears the trigger words. He watched as the girl’s face contorted a million different ways—a whole spectrum of emotions washing over her as her mind is forced to bend one way but pulled back another. He watched her shake her head in fury, then in pain, then in fear and guilt and disgust and then back to fury again, over and over, never letting up as the conflict in her mind rips her apart physically. Then the scientist starts speaking.
So now he’s back to square one. It would be another six months before he saw them again. And it wasn’t even because of anything he’d done. It was all because of this big, hairy, giant alien ballsack named Thanos.
He lost the cap and the jacket on his way back to the rendezvous point. Espionage 101 with Nat had always been one of the things he appreciated. Because for such a familiar face like him, he needs all the help he can get to blend in. And disappear without a trace.
The answer, it turns out, was pretty simple after all. So simple he laughed about it for a good while, until his stomach ached, and tears were running down his cheeks.
The rendezvous point was actually only a couple of buildings away. But he had to make sure anyway. He had to take the long and complicated way back. If it was just him, he wouldn’t mind much. He’s not a criminal—not legally anymore. No one could hold him back even if they wanted to, and if they knew what’s best for them. But this isn’t just about him anymore.
. She must have felt safe because after a moment, she turned to him, sniffing her unshed tears back, and spoke.
“To be honest, I’m really at a loss here. I don’t know how to make it work with you anymore. So I talked to Ms. Potts and Col. Rhodes, even Happy. I asked them about you—how you and I can be friends because believe it or not, I actually do want to be friends with you.”
“You are daft.” She headed to the door but right before she stepped out she turned to him for a moment.
Rhodey says he’s being obsessed. He disagrees, of course. He just wants to make sure Steve’s okay. As atonement for what he did. Rhodey doesn’t buy it but doesn’t bring it up anymore.
“I’m old, and I’ve never had feelings for another man. At my age, I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to do this. And I’m scared. Because this is the type of thing that scares me—you know, for a lot of reason. I’m scared, first, that you didn’t, couldn’t feel the same way, and then I’m scared that if you ever found out, you’d be mad at me and push me away and I know I won’t survive that kind of heartbreak.”
Having learned his lesson from the last time he confronted Steve, he tried a different approach this time. He cornered Nat instead after he saw her and Steve, lounging around on the sofa, his arms lazily draped around her shoulder. Nat scared him. And he never saw her as the type of person who easily allows anyone to touch her, much less be that comfortable with her. But there they were. So now he’s here.
“I’m fine. You need a medic,” he cried at the man who is already getting up and refitting his shield on his arm.
“I’ll pay you back when I can,” he said before chucking out his duffle bag, his sketchbook, passport, ATM and bank book. And then he was walking away.
This arrangement continued and became the norm. But it didn’t stop him from feeling weird. Truth be told he kinda miss the banter. It was fun poking a non-reactive Steve. It also wasn’t fun not having anyone to argue with most of the time.
Until he wasn’t because one day, one plain and boring day—the kind that just passes by and no one remembers—Steve decided to drop a bomb on him.
He thought for a moment. About what this meant. And he found himself feeling light. A lot lighter than he’s had in, well, in a really long time. So light that he started laughing. Joyous, filled with glee laughter that reverberated all around them.
A week later and he was still mulling over his realization. Steve had kept his word—he hadn’t bothered Tony about it though he still monitored Tony’s activities to make sure he was fed and didn’t overdo anything.
He was so busy covering the front door this time he forgot about tunnels. He had to laugh at himself for missing it (at this point Rhodey mentioned about being obsessed again). Steve was running circles around him and all he can do is delude himself that he’s gained some of that distance between them. That he’d somehow make some progress.
. He just needs to get things out of his system like that one time after the Chitauri attack. He’ll be back. And now…
“Yes,” he answered, still a little out of breath. “That’s why I’ve been avoiding you. Cause I didn’t know how to deal.”
And it was so much more than he could have ever hoped for. Yes, things will be awkward for sure. And yes, there will be adjustments—a lot of them. After all, when it comes to feelings and emotions there’s really a lot more to it than meets the eyes. But he was also looking forward to all of it. More so because he gets to look forward to it with Steve. And isn’t that just the most amazing feeling in the world?
He could feel his brain short-circuiting and he couldn’t really understand the rest of Steve’s words because he’s still stuck on that four letter word he said with conviction but also uncertainty at the same time.
But it wasn’t a dream. It was real. As real as the one Bucky made when his memories first came back. In unforgiving waves. A plea to stop it. Because these are not the memories you would want to remember. Being able to forget them is but a small mercy, but even then, is unworthy.
He couldn’t believe his luck—finding a good, nay, great friend in someone he used to abhor growing up!
Later, when they’re on their last train, he’ll allow himself to relax a little. When they’re finally somewhere in the Midwest, surrounded by endless fields of wheat and gold and barley, he’ll close his eyes and rest while Eve plays with her crayons. Her soft humming would put his mind at ease for bit, allowing him some respite from the dark thoughts that have taken permanent lodging in his brain. Before he met her, he never thought he’d be capable of silencing his mind anymore. He never thought he’d be capable of having thoughts other than that fateful day in Siberia.
“Isn’t that why you’ve been avoiding me? Cause you found out about my feelings for you? That’s why I’m here to apologize now if I’ve made you uncomfortable or think that I’ve been taking advantage of you, because I never meant to and I had no plans of ever taking advantage of our friendship.”
“You’re still an active target,” Tony replied, the words burning in his mouth. He also couldn’t look at him.
“She deserves death.” Because she did. She deserves to finally find some peace. Because only in death will she find the quiet. Only in death will it truly be over.
It would be a few days after that incident before they talked about it. Well, before he found the courage to talk to Steve about it. Because apparently the “leaving Tony Stark alone” rule is still being implemented. He found him in his garden, of all places. He wasn’t gardening, thank goodness. But he had installed a bench near the edge, under a willow tree, which was giving him a toothache from being just so cliché. He was sketching.
He should have declined. He should have argued. He didn’t. He let Steve handle him, let him steer him towards their car,
Except that it didn’t end. Because several days later, he was being hauled out of his cell by a platoon of agents, all equipped to the teeth by powerful but unnecessary weapons—enough to subdue him. Unnecessary because he had no plans of escaping or fighting back. But it helped calm the agents because lame or not, truth is he could kill them all easily if he wanted to. But that’s the thing. He doesn’t want to. He doesn’t want to do anything anymore.
Instead of answering, he stalked over to the man, grabbed him by his arms and dragged him out the front door. He threw him out with force—held back by a lot only because he didn’t want to kill him, but still enough to leave bruises. Then he slammed the door shut. Seconds later, he’s back in his room, hugging Eve, and planning their escape.
Maybe then he can assuage even just a fraction of the guilt that’s latched onto him since Bucky died.
“Let this go? Please,” he said in his tiny, pleading voice that he knew Steve could never say no to. He watched as he silently deliberated with himself before giving him a stout nod and an understanding smile.
Which was a direct contrast to the room he was pulled into at the end of a long hallway. This one was quiet, with only the whirring of machines and quiet whispers filling the air. There was a chair in the middle of the room, with straps and cuffs meant to hold down whoever is sitting there. And right now, a young woman occupied it.
So, that was a bust too. But Steve’s fuckery was apparently on a roll because he was still reeling from that discovery when another one smacked him on his face.
A week later, he was released. Nat, Sam, Lang and Wanda were released several days ahead of him. Because he was the main attraction of this circus, it made sense for Ross to prolong his agony. But he couldn’t be more wrong. Because the truth is, he was fine staying inside the Raft. It made things less complicated for him. He was told what to do, he didn’t have to think of anything. There was no pressure to be anyone but a washed-up superhero who failed. He thought it was going to be hard but surprisingly, accepting his fate was easier than he imagined.
He was tracking him from the moment he stepped out of the Raft until, after only a week and half later, his drone must have been spotted, and the trail went dead. It has been dead since. That was several months ago. During the first few months, he tried to tell himself “it’s okay, we’ll find him again,” but he hasn’t yet, therefore his slight (Rhodey says debatable) panic is quite earned at this point.
“Oh for fucks sake, Cap, I asked you to let it go!” He could taste the bile and regret in his mouth the moment the words were out of his mouth.
“Guess I’ll just stay here forever then,” he said, the venom in his voice dripping. “Or just kill me. It’ll be easy. One shot to the head. I promise I won’t dodge.”
“Oh.” And he could see Steve closing off, walls coming up and he has not seen him this guarded in months!
When you have no one and nowhere to go, acceptance is the only way. It’s not like he didn’t contribute to the outcome of his fate anyway. He was, after all, captain of his own ship. He was the one who steered his own life into a fucking iceberg, crashing everything into the bottom of the ocean. He was the one who told lies, never mind that he thought he was doing what was best for his team. He was the one who made bad decisions, irrevocable ones that cost friendship and lives. He did what he thought he had to do—and this is the price of his decision.
“Your stuff,” Tony said. And they were. His clothes, his old sketchbook, his passport and atm and bank book. Everything that tied him to his old life.
careful to hide her face and stepped back into his room. He deposited her near the closet where their bug out bags and important documents are kept for quick escape. He signalled for her to keep quiet and wordlessly she understood. She quickly hid. And then he was back in the hallway, looking at the man who was still frozen where he left him.
They’ve all done things they didn’t want to do. Kept secrets that hurt each other. But he didn’t have to kill Bucky. It didn’t bring back his mother. It didn’t ease the pain of losing her. It only just made everything worse.
“I thought you weren’t coming back,” she mumbled before burying her face on his neck. Her voice was tiny and scared. It made his chest tight.
He quickly gathered what little things she has on the table, paid the bill, tipped the man behind the counter a little extra for graciously agreeing to keep an eye on her, then left, with her still safely tucked in his arms.
“I only even considered this because I know you can take her down if it turns out she’s not well yet.” He said, his voice soft and full of apology and desperation.
But seeing as the last time he kept the truth, Bucky died and Tony—he lost Tony too, he decided that lying would only make things worse. So he opted to tell her the truth. Watered down to something her little heart can take, but the truth, nonetheless.
So he tried to leave as little digital footprint as possible. He only had one bank account and was only forced to get an ATM because it comes with the account anyway, only had one email and that’s the official Avenger one, only goes online when he absolutely needs to—which is not that often. He only had one cellphone.
And one day, after an intense battle that lasted for hours and leveled half a city, he did just that. He was tired, and sticky, and sick to his stomach because he could smell the wretchedly burning smell of flesh and the suffocating dark smoke and the destruction surrounding them. He wasn’t in the mood for one of Steve’s lectures.
Whatever hesitation he had, the younger man swallowed it. Instead, he pulled out his money clip and handed the taller guy 2 thousand dollars.
“Later. I-I just need to clear my head,” he said, turning away to hide the blush he knows is spreading all over his face.
“Not interested. Get out. Before I take you out myself.” He knew the shorter man would get the threat.
“No! Tony, why would you think that? I want to be friends with you because of you! You’re one of the, if the not the most brilliant man in the world I’ve ever known. You act like the most careless, most arrogant person but I can see through the façade because you care, you care deeply for people, not just those you know but everyone around you. And you are brave, so brave, Tony! I can’t even begin to imagine what you’ve been through—”
She was a mousy little thing. The way her shoulders were hunched down, the way she was trembling—it looks as if she’s trying to make herself smaller than she already is. And succeeding. She looked like a wet dog, eyes wide with grief and unshed tears. She looked pathetic and weak and—it shook him to his core, looking at her eyes. This look that was oh so familiar, despite the years. The look that haunted his dreams, right before it abruptly turns into a nightmare with blood spraying everywhere, getting into his mouth and drowning him.
“This is Katarina, one of the super soldiers we’ve rescued. We’ve been working with her for the last year, trying to flush the brainwashing out—”
He made about five paces before he turned and walked back up to Steve who was still looking at him with that confused look.
“Oh this is so good! You want to know if you’ve really done your job by using me as a test subject. If she’s not going to come after me.”
“I’m good. Just had this idea pop into my head and I kinda need to turn it around for a bit cause it’s not making sense, yet, I mean it will, when I figure it out—” he stopped when he saw Steve staring at him, eyebrow raised curiously. “I’m rambling.”
The window to his cell opened with a heavy pound. It normally shouldn’t. But his cell—every nook and cranny—had been vibranium reinforced to make sure it would be strong enough to withstand his super strength. Not that they needed to worry about that. He had no desire to fight.
“You have—no idea—how crazy I’m getting—trying to deal—with my feelings—for you,” he said in between kisses.
And indeed, he was. He knows he and Steve have a lot to go through to make this friendship work, but he’s not so off put by it now.
Ignoring the feeling that he’d been doused by icy water, he quickly turned and picked up his daughter,
About how caring he was. He knew Tony hated going to the hospital. So he’s taken the time to keep comprehensive first aid kits in several places all over the compound so there’s always one within reach should he need it.
They wove in through the crowds, heads down, eyes alert, until they got to the train station. Having bought their tickets beforehand, all they had to do was wait for their train—which arrived in no less than 5 minutes, just like he planned. He’s still on alert even as the train moved. This journey is far from over. They’ll be transferring a few more times, making sure to move as quickly but stealthily as possible. Somewhere along the way, a change of clothes would be involved.
It almost threw him off his game. Sure, he gave Tony support. But he never told Tony what to do. By the 15
He didn’t fight when they pulled him up and handcuffed him with vibranium reinforced cuffs. He didn’t fight when they hauled him out of the bunker and into the helicraft that would bring him to the Raft. Where he would be kept in secrecy, no doubt. He didn’t fight. He just stopped fighting altogether. When they were trying his crimes in secret. When they were sentencing him for a bogus accusation. When they finally shut the door to his cell where he would stay until he’s served his sentence—or he’s fixed the Accords, which is his top priority now.
Of course that didn’t stop there. Because he’s Tony Stark and his luck is always one to go sideways, other things started popping up.
. Promises made. Promises broken. He told himself he’ll never say those words again. But when he met her, he just couldn’t help it.
He took a deep breath, willing himself to continue. The soothing caress of Steve on the small of his back gave him comfort.
The effect was instant. Red dots covered him immediately but before any shots were fired the small man stood in front of him. He quickly dropped the gun and raised his hands.
“Get. Out.” He watched as the other guy grasped for words. He knew he’s being careful, whatever he says next will either get him beat up or change his mind. But it didn’t really matter. Nothing would change his mind.
“Thank you,” she whispered. And because he didn’t want to spook her and because he had all the time in the world, he just said, “you’re welcome” and started cleaning up.
And then he sat down and waited for someone, anyone to move him. He’d done his part. The others will be free and that’s all that matters.
And then he was gone to talk to Nat about whatever it is they always talk about. He thought about what luck he had that day!
Which, if he was being honest, only made his head hurt. Because he wanted to get away from Steve. But he is also ravishing the attention he’s being showered right now.
He never really saw himself as the family man. Someone told him once, Ultron, that he existed only for war. He never admitted it, but deep inside, he knew it was true. When he’s fighting, he finds purpose. And it’s not really so he could go home and live a normal life and have a family. It was always about looking for the next fight, the next battle, the next war.
When Steve went silent for a moment, then told him, “okay” plainly, that should have been his first clue. He really was bad at judging people. And he really was very, very wrong about Steve Rogers.
“I thought you hated it whenever I told you what to do. Besides, you’re right, your decisions are science and math-based and are almost always the right call. Letting you do what you need to do out there has increased our productivity by a huge number. Less damage, almost no casualties, and quicker turnabouts.” He said the last part with flourish, like he was so proud of the improved efficiencies.
“I am a soldier. What I’ve been through, it all comes with the territory. But you—if I haven’t said it before, I’ll say it now. You are amazing, Tony. And anyone who calls you their friend is very, very lucky. Something I could only wish for. So you see, I wasn’t punishing you or anything. I only thought I was doing what you wanted.”
He went back online. Cap didn’t get up immediately. He made a move to give him CPR but not a moment later Cap gasped and rolled over on his knees. The first thing he did was look at Tony, eyes burning with anger? Worry? Fear?
