"I can see that," Victor blinks, waving him in to the sitting room. "Come on. Come sit down and take a breather."
But Sherlock laughed. "No, this morning needed to look like I were punishing you for last night. Enough people saw you drunkenly groping me. It would be suspicious if you didn't get some sort of reprimand."
The silence seemed to only make Mike angrier. "You know, John is a really good guy. Really good. Better then anyone I've ever known. Definitely too good for you. You let someone really great go. I hope you know that."
"I'm helping make sure you don't get yourself in a bad situation," Irene hisses back, throwing her hands up in the air incredulously. "Look, I've heard some weird stuff about Victor, okay? I just want you to be safe."
Sherlock's lips curved into a slow smile, watching all of John's thoughts play across his face and he strode to him, crowding John slightly, leaning in to place a gentle kiss on his lips. John hummed, feeling all the tension and the panic draining slowly out of him, Sherlock's lips so reassuring over his.
The man leaned toward him, his features softening slightly. "Not everyone is going to say no to you, John," he said in a deep, quiet voice. "You'll have plenty more opportunities. Don't let it stop you from pursuing what you want."
"Who the fuck does this guy think he is?" Link muttered next to him, and John coughed into his hand, stifling his giggle.
"Yes you did," Sherlock replies petulantly. "You went on and on about her small waist and… and… well, just her waist but obviously you noticed her body."
Still giggling madly, happy warmth filling his entire body, John peels his damp jersey up and over his head, tossing it into his hamper and grabbing his towel, rummaging in his drawers for some sweats to throw on after his shower. "Just try to keep the room in one piece, how about?"
Paul is cracking open a beer as John rounds the corner, blessedly alone in the messy kitchen practically overflowing with all different types of alcohol. Taking the moment to view his friend full on for the first time in a week, John goes unnoticed long enough for him to take in the sight of Paul Dimmock looking… well,
"Now the trick," John says as he gently lifts Sherlock's boxers over his erection, careful not to touch it, "is to start slow. No need to start twisting and yanking immediately. A slow build is always better."
Sherlock glided to the side of the lecture hall, lingering in the corner. John only had a moment to question what he was doing. The doors to the right burst open and a short, balding man came in, panting slightly. He threw his briefcase on the teacher's desk and approached the podium.
"Three?! Christ, of course a three-year-old Sherlock Holmes was wondering about the inner-workings of a bloody microwave."
Faltering slightly, John attempts a shrug, decidedly not explaining his newfound infatuation with a boy he hardly knows. "It's um… definitely different. Classes are going to be tough and the campus is a bit confusing."
And somehow, he knew it wouldn't be that easy. Sherlock didn't seem the type to trust just anyone. John was going to have to prove himself. John smirked a little at that. Like Sherlock had said: he was always up for a challenge.
boy in his bed. He takes a moment just to watch this genius awaken, watch the soft light of the sun dance across his pale skin, watch his eyelids work extensively to stay open after being closed for so long, watch him watching
"I'm ready," a quiet but strong voice spoke almost on queue and Sherlock turned to look at the owner of those words. He cocked his head, running through everything that could possibly mean, and coming to the obvious conclusion, his eyes widened. He trailed his gaze over every line and crease on John's face, watching for any involuntary muscle spasm or sign that he was pushing himself too far. Sherlock found no hint of discomfort.
The sleepy head on his pectoral shook his head. "No," John murmured groggily. "Not more. The same. Equal."
He feels the calm settle in him, seeping out of his pores and into the magnificent creature below him.
"Fuck off," John laughs just in time to see Mike and Paul scooting into the booth, Sherlock close behind.
terms, everyone just assumes something and never deigns to find out the truth and so I'm deemed some pathetic little virgin to the general public of the secondary school and it shouldn't matter but it does and I wish I could just get it over with and never worry about it again."
He wanted to touch him. To reach out and touch his fidgeting fingers, run his hand over his chest, brush his fingers through his hair. He hesitated, afraid of waking him and stealing these few blissful hours of peace from him.
Mycroft went to shut the door and John scrambled to get a foot wedged before the latch caught. "Wait!" he cried. "Please, just-"
So he nods. A simple movement of his head, the admission somehow so much more monumental than a card written on a box containing a chocolate heart, clocking John's reaction that is far less careful than anything they did the night before, face lifting slowly seemingly at its own accord and beaming brighter than the sun.
Sherlock resists the urge to bury his face in his hands and prays that John is in a particularly ignorant mind-set this trip and ignores all these telling situations Sherlock has dragged him into.
And it makes everything in John's body ache not to run back to their dorm immediately, wrap Sherlock in his arms and never let him go again. He's wanted to do that on so many occasions; so many times he's dreamt of touching Sherlock like that, like a lover would. It's not new, this feeling, but it's different this time. It's less about the need to touch Sherlock, which he has often, and more about the need to protect him. To show him how important he is. Show him how wonderful he is.
And by the time sleep sweeps him under, John has forgotten all about Victor Trevor, only thoughts of Sherlock Holmes consuming his dreams.
With a silent nod and another shaky breath, Sherlock opens the door and leads them out of the dorm and back into the cool evening air.
Sherlock lifts his gaze to meet hers. Her lips are pursed in understanding, her head tilted just slightly. Her eyes are soft and kind, silently apologizing if she'd offended him, but doing him the service of not outright saying it to his face. She's being... nice. Kind, even.
Later that night as John lay alone in his room, he found that he didn't want to feel sorry for himself. He didn't want to think about anything besides that gorgeous face he'd seen earlier. He wanted to imagine that face above his, staring at him like he had at the beginning of their conversation. He wanted to feel those hands on him again. He wanted to know what sounds he could elicit from that mouth, what that body could do to his own.
"Don't count your chickens before they hatch," John warns teasingly. "You never know. Sherlock could be totally off his game tonight."
"I know it wasn't," Sherlock barks, earning him a few withering glances from tables nearby but he can't be arsed to care as he looks more and more foolish in front of his best friend. "I didn't say it was."
John smiles and rocks up on his toes, planting a soft kiss on Sherlock's lips. "We'll think of something, okay?"
John stared for a moment and then the guard laughed. "Kidding!" he said with a smile. "Go on in, he'll be thrilled to see you. He's always so sulky after his performances. We all assumed it was because you weren't here to see them. But you're here now! Go cheer him up for us, would you?"
"We are!" Sherlock all but yells, gaining a couple disparaging glances from nearby. "We are," he repeats again, a bit softer. No reason to draw more attention to this delicate situation.
He turns back to Sherlock, features still pinched but calmer as he takes in Sherlock's untouched state. "Now, shall I go find my seat so I can watch you graduate?"
"You did, but you're a notorious liar, Cap," another bloke in the group calls and the rest dissolve into laughter. "We never believe a word you say!"
And without warning, his gaze wanders purposefully, trailing down his roommate's fit as hell form, tracing every line and curve, every grass stain and dirt smear, every deliciously unkempt inch of his stocky, compact dormmate, blonde hair twisted this way and that, blue eyes seeming to sparkle brighter against the dark contrast of mud caked along the creases of his cheeks.
Dropping heavily onto the couch in his tiny flat, John groaned loudly in frustration, rubbing a palm against his forehead.
"Good morning," a low, familiar rumble came from the threshold and John rolled so quickly toward the sound he almost fell off the bed, realizing too late the covers seemed to be wrapped tightly around him.
Because Sherlock Holmes is currently sitting on the dock, shirtless, smooth skin glistening with a mixture of sunscreen and water in the hot sun, feet dangling into the lake and laughing with Molly. His navy swim trunks are damp from his swim to the dock and his curls are drying at all angles.
"Jesus, why does Sherlock have to have friends like this," John mumbles to himself, scrubbing a hand down his face.
It was becoming clear that Sherlock chose whom he spent his time with very carefully. He threw up defenses at the speed of light when he thought John got a bit too close, and actively set himself into an iceman in an attempt, it seemed, to test John, see how far he would go before… well he wasn't sure. To see how long he would put up with Sherlock until he snapped? If that was the case, Sherlock was in for a surprise. John only felt himself drawn in more then ever. He found himself becoming a bit desperate to break down those walls, find a way in, become Sherlock's confidant. John was more then a little proud that he was able to see through Sherlock's cold, indifferent front and he felt like that should win him at least somewhat of a friendship. He wanted to be a part of this brilliant man's world. And no response from him after their chat on Friday night felt like a giant step backward.
"Well, all you date is short blonde girls with pretty smiles and popularity to boot, which I don't know if you realize or not but I'm the furthest thing from."
The door behind him opens and he inhales sharply on an irritated growl, exceptionally annoyed that his mother couldn't just leave him be for tonight, let him be angry until he was calm enough to talk to her. "What?" he barks out sharply, stubbornly refusing to turn around, blinking out into the dark night. "You couldn't just leave me to my sulk?"
Sherlock had tried not to blush. No one, besides his parents, had praised him like that. Responses to his skills and odd eccentricities varied from 'piss off' to 'fuck off' to 'fuck you' to a plethora of others.
It's like lightning striking his very core as John's eyes lock in on him, like a predator to his prey, zeroing in and Sherlock could have sworn up and down twice that everyone else in the world has disappeared for just a few moments as he stares back at that perfect boy, whose lips are parted but curved up, as though finding Sherlock in the crowd is the happiest surprise he's ever received.
Not a mistake Sherlock would ever make if he were dropping a note such as this in a locker, but if an idiot was in charge of it then yes, it was entirely possible.
John, for his part, hasn't said a word about Victor, which of course makes Sherlock like him all the more. He doesn't pry into Sherlock's business, he doesn't give his opinions. He's good. John is
"I know I know," John grumbles with a small laugh. "You'll tell me if you don't like something. I just… I know this is new territory for us both and-"
But that night had been so different from the one two weeks ago. The one where he'd attended a rather fun party with his wonderful roommate and played Pong and had a few beers and enjoyed the hell out of himself. The one where people actually talked to him and laughed with him and accepted him. The one that was completely perfect until the last fifteen minutes.
Cool air swirls around them as Sherlock drags the shower curtain back, John's pliant and soft body still plastered up against his clearly having no intentions of moving away, dropping quiet kisses to his collarbone and neck as the genius boy gropes for a towel on the rack mounted up on the wall. He holds John to him, also unwilling to let go, as he finally finds his target and gives John and himself a cursory pat down, his limbs beginning to shake with the need to lay John out and worship every inch of him, veins humming with the need for
Sherlock shakes his head immediately. He doesn't care. All that matters is John Watson and his fingers wrapped around Sherlock's.
"Trousers, too," Sherlock growls low in his throat and John can do nothing but obey, popping the button on his jeans open and shimmying out of them, Sherlock's hands following his movements, ensuring his order is followed until John bats his hands away and descends upon the fabric wrapped around his lover's slender figure.
Something in those blue eyes looking back at him twinkle and a small, glowing ember lodges itself in the center of Sherlock's chest.
to John. He cannot take his eyes off his lover, cannot stop focusing on long fingers intertwined with his, cannot believe this beautiful creature is his, tumbling curls falling around his face so eloquently, sharp eyes glinting in the flashing light as they look out amongst the crowd.
Dressed in a black button down and the usual black fitted trousers, Sherlock Holmes stood off to the side of the crowd, eyes green and sharp this evening, raking over the crowd in that all-knowing way he had, shoulders pulled back, shirt stretching slightly at the buttons.
"Yeah, yeah, shut it and throw your damn ball," John calls from the other end of the table with a grin. "No one wants to hear about your sad dreams to become a professional Beer Pong player."
"I don't care!" John railed. "I don't care if they are fast as lightning or slow as molasses, the guy had a fucking
"Christ," John groans, burying his face in Sherlock's shoulder. "I… I don't know how to…I've never…"
There is a long row of jogging blokes racing out onto the field, backs to the audience, dressed in matching uniforms, head to toe in black and white with a splash of red on two of the figures. Black jerseys, black shorts, black knee-socks, and some sort of black shoe on their feet, hints of white lining the collars of their shirts, wrapped in two bands around their biceps and painted across their backs in the form of numbers and last names, a slick white streak down either side of their shorts, finished off with two white circles atop each sock just below the knee. Two boys wear thick red armbands with the bold block C embroidered in white to match their jerseys.
He heard a strained sigh from within the black vehicle, and hesitantly crawled inside the darkness, his legs shaking violently. As he righted himself in the seat, he came face to face with a slender, ginger-haired man, dressed impecibly from head to toe, his face settled into a rather unpleasant smile. He gripped an umbrella across his lap, the object somehow matching his demeanor. John stared for a moment too long as the familiarity of this man tugged at him.
An entirely different scenario of being bare beneath those eyes jogged through his mind lazily and John ducked his head, unable to stop the shiver that ran down his body, and knowing this new, exotic stranger would see it. He couldn't control himself under that stare. He had to look away. He had to keep moving.
"Oh for godsake, I'm not his bloody keeper," John rolls his eyes, ignoring the warmth blooming in his chest as he considers the fact that he essentially just vowed to take care of Sherlock. Because he does want that. He does want to take care of Sherlock so much, even as he practically denies his feelings to Sherlock's brother.
John nodded then hesitated, seemingly unable to look away from Sherlock. They had this moment every Friday night, where neither of them wanted to say goodbye, although tonight felt more intense seeing as there wasn't a giant barrier between the two of them. Sherlock never realized how safe his was behind his desk. How it kept him from doing things he shouldn't. Tonight they were out in the open, closer then normal, and it would be so easy to pull John to him, press him against a wall, wrench his mouth open and take exactly what he'd been dreaming about. The want for John was almost painful at this proximity and Sherlock cleared his throat, surprising himself at the sharpness of the sound and snapping him back to reality.
He couldn't say if Sherlock was more turned on by the begging or the marking, but Sherlock's fingers tightened under his chin, his hand moving faster over himself, angling his hips just to the left of John's body and grunted softly as he came. Long, white, sticky ropes stuck to John's left pectoral muscle, and a bit landed on his shoulder, dripping down over his heart, singeing a trail of heat in its wake. John's eyes fluttered closed, feeling the warmth surround the area that was now owned by Sherlock Holmes and murmured "
Sherlock lay flat on his back on the couch, fingers steepled under his chin, eyes closed. He breathed deep, then flung his arm out, reached toward the table and felt for what he was looking for. When he came across it, he tore it from it's package, peeled back the paper it was stuck to, pulled up his dressing gown sleeve and slapped the nicotine patch onto his left forearm, seeing as his right was already littered with flesh colored circles. He opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling, contemplating if a real cigarette would do the trick.
The blush creeps up the genius boy's neck immediately, a deep red coloring his cheeks and making his gorgeous blue eyes impossibly bright. "Yes," he attempts to snark with a glare but the effect is hindered heavily by the flush tinting his face.
considering after that mainly consisted of kissing Sherlock Holmes like his life depended on it. "He's a bit shaken up. Victor didn't get his hands on him but he said some pretty cruel stuff. But he's okay."
things as he loved to condescendingly announce to anyone who would listen. A boy who had no time for prim and proper society, though both his and John's parents lived the lifestyle, both families inheriting long lines of family money, sending both Sherlock and John to public school like the good posh boys that they were. But John wasn't an odd boy. Sherlock was. An odd boy. A different boy. A fascinating boy.
With a heavy, put-upon sigh, Sherlock obeys, rolling his eyes and lifting his arms above his head as though all of this is extremely tedious, staring up at the ceiling and waiting impatiently for this to be over, though John doesn't miss the way the genius boy leans toward him just slightly, trying and failing not to indulge in the attention John is paying him.
With a heavy sigh, John glares down at his own phone, fighting down another threatening wave of panic attempting to swoop its way through him.
Flicking his eyebrows up, Sherlock stares up at her. "Seriously? Do you really want to know?" He thanks his lucky stars that his deflection skills are back on point. He doesn't need to tell Irene that he's learned absolutely nothing about rugby today besides the fact that John Watson looks unspeakably sexy while playing it.
All wasn't right at 7am the next morning when Sherlock wasn't flailing around their dorm, demanding John's attention at such an early hour.
But the way he said it made John stop short. Because Sherlock said it like it was fact. Like it was truth. Like if there was one thing he was to ever believe in his life, it was that John was beautiful.
John turned and eyed his friend, hearing the hurt underlying his words. "Okay…Why are you getting upset?"
Barking out a laugh, John threads his fingers into curly hair and pulls this impossible boy down to lay kisses on his lips. "Good to know," he giggles.
It's borderline stalking behavior, although most sightings could be explained away by the fact that not only do they attend the same university, but they also live together. Sherlock has no shame and besides, this is
As another moan elicited itself from the darkness, Sherlock's flashlight fell first to Bill's face, following the tilt of Bill's head, down his outstretched arm and pointer finger and onto a small figure curled in on itself a few meters away. The figure wore what used to be a white shirt, now tinted a faint brown, dark maroon stains blotted at the collar, jeans tattered and ripped with multiple holes.
his ear, sometimes pausing active snogging to whisper words into their mingling breath, sometimes gentling away to fall asleep. How does one count kisses? It's damn near
be in this mess of a situation, currently hauling right toward the demise of the only friendship he's ever had. He could have done any number of those things to avoid this altogether.
John tried to bite back the cold dread of letting Sherlock in, letting him actually see for himself how unstable the Watson family was.
Taking a deep, steadying breath, he opens his damp eyes, vision wobbling for a moment before the water clears and he can see.
So he pushes that thought aside and breathes until he feels his body give a bit to the intrusion and without warning John's cock sinks deep into him, his internal walls pulling the boy in all the way to the hilt. John curses against Sherlock's cheek and in turn Sherlock moans and then it turns into something else entirely.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "John," he said softly. "I know this is what you want. I know I can give you exactly what you're looking for and I am actually quite good at this." He took another step forward and John stopped breathing.
It had been a long time since anything had gotten him to this point. Sure, certain things at University could be irritating or frustrating. Naturally, some people John had encountered had been unpleasant or annoying.
"Sure!" Mike says happily, waving a hand for Sherlock to follow as the rest of the team make their way out of the kitchen and into the sitting room where a rather large green table has appeared, red cups lined in a pyramid on either end. Sherlock eyes it carefully, curiosity getting the better of him, eyes darting across the table, attempting to decipher the rules and goals. What
"Well," John said, lacing his fingers in Sherlock's. "Maybe you've just been meeting the wrong people." He grinned and Sherlock nodded.
It's much rougher than the last time. The last time had been hesitant and curious, worried and afraid. This time… this time there is no confusion. No concern. No question as to what they both want.
Although, he has yet to have the reaction he had to John in his rugby uniform. Lord have mercy, that uniform…
felt a bit sad for his friend but letting the genius boy know that would break whatever unspoken bond they'd formed over the last few weeks and John found that option entirely unacceptable.
"Me neither," John agrees, gut twisting unpleasantly. "But what I do know is Sherlock won't be spending another minute alone with Victor Trevor. Not if I can help it."
Greg nodded absently, eyes locked on his target, a rather stupid looking grin forming on his face. "Yeah," he breathed. "Yeah, that's him."
Sherlock had waited an unnecessary amount of time after everyone else had filtered out of their practice room, dreading finding out if John had actually shown up or not, almost deciding he didn't want to know.
"Oh," he murmurs because it's all he can say. It's all he's able to reply because John has took all of his words right out of his mouth, expressing every feeling Sherlock has ever had and it's too much.
Things had only shifted slightly when they'd gotten older. After university for Sherlock and the army for John they'd become a team in every aspect of life. A pair who worked together solving cases for New Scotland Yard and lived together on Baker Street and slept in the same bed and bickered over things like tea and dinner and social gatherings. They'd built a life together. It had all seemed so terrifying when they were younger but now John found it quite comforting and calming. They still had to hide, still never told a soul the truth, although there were rumors. But rumors were just that, and the pair of them were useful enough to allow the police to turn the other cheek to their lifestyle, not delve in any further, the coppers obviously deciding Sherlock would be much less eager to help from behind the bars of a jail cell or worse if John were the one in prison.
Squirming a little in his seat, Sherlock nods, leaning closer to John's touch. "What? I won't be doing that with- "Sherlock freezes before pulling back to frown at John. "You think I'd do that with
It's so cozy and soft, John can't help his own thoughtful sigh of satisfaction, one hand settling along Sherlock's back, soothingly rubbing back and forth along his own name and number, quietly pleased to have this beautiful boy wrapped in his bed
"What do you want, Sherlock?" John cuts him off, because this is fucking ridiculous. Sherlock is worried because he's a
Sherlock's partner, lover, best friend and current pro-rugby trainee, John Watson is everything to Sherlock Holmes. He's quietly kind and subtly funny and stunningly handsome.
Despite his lips twitching, fighting against a smile, Sherlock rolls his eyes and mumbles something intelligible.
Mycroft glanced at the steps behind him and sighed tiredly. "Fine," he said, moving slightly to the right.
And then those all-knowing, all-seeing eyes landed on John. The gaze was excruciatingly searing, focused, boring into him with great intensity. John felt bare underneath those light eyes and he bit his bottom lip, debating if he was excited or terrified.
Sherlock doesn't actively worry about meals and easily forgets to eat if no one reminds him. John has learned that Sherlock's parents go out of town at the drop of a hat on business, leaving the young boy alone often, and therefore leaving him without anyone to make him food, let alone anyone to remind him to consume it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "As I recall, I informed you I wanted to share things with you about my life. Do keep up, John."
John grins and sits up on his knees. "Absolutely," he says and Sherlock comes to sitting position, John straddling his waist. He lets go of himself and Sherlock wraps long, warm fingers around his cock.
Other days were far calmer, particularly in the mornings or early afternoons. Sherlock would gaze down at John in something like awe, touching his face and hair and jawline, leaning in for kisses and strokes, finding new places to touch and caress him, slowly undressing him and taking his time to feel every single inch of his body. He'd whisper soft endearments and encouragements as he got John off, with his hands or his mouth, the next time always cleverer than the last.
Sherlock stared at him quizzically for a moment then rolled his eyes. "Oh no, I'm not the one who needs to focus. You are. I've assisted you. Now you need to do your part. Use your brain, John. I know you can."
"Are too," Sherlock challenges as they reach the top of the flight. The hallway is dark and Sherlock fumbles a hand along the wall for a light switch, bleary eyes having difficulty adjusting in the dark. "Jesus, where are the damn lights?"
John plucked the cigarette from between Sherlock's teeth, threw it to the ground, then wrapped his fingers into Sherlock's shirt and pulled him down.
"Fuck off," John chuckles, flinging a hand toward Mike to beckon him forward. "Come on then, get over here."
Pursing her lips against a smile creeping onto her lips, Irene lifts her shoulder in an innocent shrug. "Oh, I don't know, Sherlock," she mocks, "why ever would you want to attend a rugby game played by pretty, sweaty boys tackling each other over and over again. I haven't the faintest."
The dark figure smirked confidently at him, his eyelids hanging low and John felt his trousers tighten.
"Okay, Paul's is… down here, I think?" John points to his left and crosses the street lined with townhomes, scattered students sitting out of their porches and steps, holding cups and beer bottles and cigarettes, chatting and laughing like normal uni attendees. With a deep breath and an internal scold to his inner-turmoil, Sherlock follows, shoving his hands deep into his pockets as he catches up with his roommate.
He passed through the main room and noticed the couch had been made up. He felt a wave of guilt as he realized his drunken self had kept Sherlock out of his own bed. He tried to shake it off and stood in the entry way to the kitchen for a moment, staring at the back of Sherlock's head. He was standing at the stove, a spatula in hand, quietly going about making eggs. John cleared his throat uncomfortably. Sherlock didn't turn around.
," Sherlock finally manages, squeezing John's arm absently, practically soaking into the moment, while simultaneously soaking into the swamp, heart pounding harshly in his chest, insides twisting and turning and jumping up and down, somehow certain that this is
A fine shiver runs down every limb of Sherlock's body, reaching every nerve ending with a sharp zap.
but all that knowledge, all those facts burned into his mind didn't seem to seer so hot anymore as he traced Sherlock's lips. Those facts that defined his entire life, that used to glare darkly in front of any desire or want now seemed to smudge blearily and fade into the darkness behind him, everything and everyone exiting his every thought except this boy, this precious, beautiful boy in front of him, staring back at him, eyelids fluttering slightly under his touch.
They were trusting each other implicitly. Giving themselves over to one another with promises in their touches and conviction in their kisses and there was no longer a question. The questions had been asked and answered and sworn upon and taken to heart and now here they are, at the next step, and god almighty is John ready to take it.
John ran across Sherlock's sight, not noticing Sherlock in his peripheral vision, headphones stuck in his ears and clearly unaware of his surroundings. Sherlock didn't call out to him. He ducked back into the fog as best he could and rounded widely away from John, wishing to remain unseen. The last thing he needed right now was to deal with the boy he could hardly get off his mind. He wasn't even sure if he could properly speak right now.
Running, actually, seriously running like a lunatic, John tore down the footpath toward the newsroom, papers with his article crinkling in his hand, sweat dripping down his brow.
John thinks Sherlock might chicken out as he falls silent and John almost makes his own move when the next words that come out of Sherlock's mouth knock the breath out of him.
And for some unknown reason, that makes Sherlock laugh. Sincerely, laugh. "I like Chemistry," he chokes out between breaths, having no idea what this feeling in his chest is. "I enjoy experiments."
Anderson's entourage promptly bursts into comfortable laughter, the moment of truths Sherlock had spilled clearly forgotten, though the curly-haired boy can appreciate the awkward pinch of Sebastian Wilke's face as he eyes Anderson carefully, not ready to fully let it go just yet.
with him. He's also attended a few parties and a couple rugby games with said rugby player while being fully out and proud and couple-ish during all of these events.
Sherlock shudders violently through it, holding John close to him as his hips stutter several more times.
John licks his lips. "I promised I'd teach you. I wasn't aware you were going to start our lesson without the teacher present." He bends down to lay a kiss against Sherlock's breastbone.
"You'd better go, dear," Victoria said, nodding to Sherlock. "Otherwise you may end up on the receiving end of his next experiment."
He drops a quick wink and a soft, probably overly adoring smile at his precious roommate before making his way back to the kitchen to seek out him teammate, body warmer than before from a simple interaction with the boy he has no business feeling this way toward.
"Great," John murmured, wandering to the stack and settling his article on the pile. He hesitated for moment before letting go, frantically searching for a reason to stay in this office and find something to talk about. It was the only time during the week he had alone with Sherlock and making the most of it was something he thought about daily, constantly making a list of topics of to discuss which promptly disappeared every time he laid eyes on this gorgeous creature.
. Do you understand me? I meant every single thing I said. Every rhyme I wrote, every word I typed, I meant it. All of it."
But it's also reality and probably safer this way as it is considering John is getting handsier and gropier and needier the more he gets of his roommate like this and a tiny break is going to be necessary anyway.
"Sh-Sherlock," John stutters, and Sherlock glances up to find John's head tilted back against the seat, eyes slammed closed, lips parted in a soft anticipatory pant. He watches in delight as he gives John his first stroke, pulling the foreskin up and back again with a long, firm drag of his hand. "Ohhh
It was so unexpected it made it all the better. Sherlock was sure he would become John's sexual tutor, teaching him and showing him everything, and he was sure he'd still be doing that as they became more intimate, but this? This attention to every detail, every response? This couldn't be taught. This was natural and John was perfect at it already.
Sitting up quickly, Sherlock places a somewhat unsteady hand on John's thigh, propping the other behind him and peering up at John from beneath messy curls, eyes wide and round and
zipping straight down Sherlock's slender frame to his cock, which has lost no interest in the proceedings, aching and begging for friction. He props himself up on his elbows, glancing down to watch that blond head move over him, catching glimpses of a rather sizable cock dangling just above his own, flushed dark red and glistening slightly with the first signs of precome sneaking out from the tip.
going to kill him seeing John Watson completely naked and completely gorgeous and he can't properly function with the knowledge of it, he won't survive it, he
"Pleasure's all mine," he replies with a sturdy but quick shake of the girl's smaller hand. "How do you two know each other?"
Pursing his lips so hard they threaten to cramp up, John squeezes his eyes shut and gives himself a brief internal pep talk before sighing heavily and scrubbing a hand down his face. "Do you-" he starts, searching for the words that seem to have scurried off into hiding now that he's finally got his courage back, "er- do you want to… and I don't mean this like… like
John jumped in his chair, fear coursing through him as Mike's voice brought him back to reality, the sounds of the pub flooding back into his ears. He shook his head. "Sorry?"
"You know, I'm the new kid on campus," John starts in teasingly as Greg hustles to catch up, "I hardly know a soul and yet the one person I
Sherlock. Had been dead. Actually, truly dead. Before he'd even had a chance to know him. Had almost been taken away from him entirely before they even met. Before they even got to know each other.
"Incredible," John finished for him, ghosting a kiss against his ear and brushing fingers through the few hairs on Sherlock's chest. "It wasn't too much was it?"
"And I was on the other side of the street, limping along like some cripple," John muttered, mouth and eyes dropping into a pained, self-loathing grimace. "I couldn't even...I wouldn't have been able to run after you. Chase you down, tell you I'm home. I wanted... I wanted to be healed before I saw you again. I didn't want you to have to take care of me. Come to my rescue like you always did when we were boys."
," is all Sherlock can manage, head snapping back and jaw dropping open as a gentle mouth closes around one of his nipples, tongue darting out to lave against the sensitive tip. "Ohhh my
It was just someone. And Sherlock is sure that John is embarrassed and horrified and never ever wanting it to happen again, let alone anyone ever knowing about it.
John seemed to be glaring at the doors Molly had just walked through but he nodded anyway. "Yeah, yeah, I know. But it doesn't change the fact that you're gorgeous and people flock to you. And aren't you the one that likes to experiment?"
But he couldn't stop from touching John's cheek and his bottom lip, and considered taking this young man to his bed. He was very good-looking; those giant blue eyes full of wonder and curiosity and Sherlock knew he would be forever grateful for Sherlock's lessons in the bedroom. Virgins were always an experience; expecting much less then what they got and begging for more. It was a twisted sense of enjoyment for Sherlock. His words to John had been a mix of truth and distraction. He hadn't quite decided which way to go when he spoke them.
Swallowing hard, Sherlock leans back in an attempt to get out of the bully's range but his back collides with his locker as Anderson looms over him, a mix of hatred and pleasure twisting the footballer's features into a wicked smirk that makes Sherlock's stomach drop unpleasantly.
John laughed. "Yeah, yeah alright, I won't make you repeat it, git." He grinned out the window. "But just… wow," he murmured more to himself then anything.
Blinking for a long moment as the information he's just received pours over him, it doesn't take long before John's world is flipped once again.
He straightens the frames of his black horn-rimmed glasses on his face. They'd gone crooked from the running.
"Did he do something? Did that slimy arsehole do something to Paul?" Greg demands, eyes lighting with fury.
that is like telling a brick wall. He doesn't hear it and he doesn't get it. He still sees Sherlock as a young boy. He practically raised him, you know. It's hard to let that go. Especially after the hell Sherlock went through in secondary school-"
Sherlock whimpers, grasping at any area of John's body that he can reach. "I love you," he murmurs back, "I love you. Please…please don't leave me."
He stares at it for another long moment, eyes scanning over the words, committing every single one to memory, heart pounding hard in his chest.
Sherlock deserves more than just a dirty romp in the sack the morning of their first night sleeping in the same bed.
is still rattling harshly around his head every single time he lays eyes on Sherlock Holmes. Kind of like when he found a reason to tackle Sherlock a few short days ago, pleased as all get out with himself at his own cleverness.
His fingers begin to shake where they're still holding onto the drawstring, a ball of messy anxious nerves bursting free in his chest and distracting him into his own head, his worried thoughts grabbing his focus and drawing him in. His breathing goes a bit ragged as he attempts to muddle through his panic, unable to get out of his own way and back to the task at hand but Christ Almighty.
Two hours and three mugs of buttered rum later, Sherlock is fumbling his way up the stairs, attempting to keep himself together long enough to make it to his room, John hot on his heels on the way to one of the spare rooms he's sleeping in, giggling as stupidly as Sherlock is, equally clumsy with heavy, alcohol-soaked steps.
"Good," John tried to say with as much dignity as he could muster. "Because I'm not leaving." He scrambled to his feet and considered making a run for it toward the stairs, having no idea if Sherlock was even here or up those steps.
But now he'd put himself out there. He'd shown up at Sherlock's office hours, he'd brought coffee; he'd given him his phone number.
John could devote hours to this body beneath him, stroking lovingly along tendons that stand out just a bit too far, tracing patterns along pale skin of a torso, whispering words of affection and passion, promising the stars and the moon and the sun.
He wanted to share his family with John. He wanted John to be a part of his family. Know that there was a mother and father out there that loved him. Know that there was a family out there for him. He wanted that for John so much it hurt.
"Hello hello, so sorry I'm a bit late. First day always fu- messes me up a bit. I'm Professor Gibbons, and as much as I'd like to say I'll be teaching your class this semester, I'm afraid that's only half true. I'll be running this course in tandem with my TA Mr. Holmes. Please respect and treat him like he is also a professor. He's got an excellent grasp on the material and will be a great asset to you. In fact, why don't I introduce him now. Sherlock? Come on up."
"Alright, you all can continue to taunt the hell out of our Johnny at the party tonight, yeah?" Greg nods, smiling as the team cheers in response.
patience, giving one swift shove to the door, taking great satisfaction in watching Mycroft scramble to pull his umbrella out of the way as the door slams in his face.
"And you're sure?" John murmurs against his skin, not moving away but hovering. Waiting. "You're sure this is-"
John whips back around, staring into the doorway of Sherlock's room, mouth agape, lost in thought. Sherlock waits.
"See what?" Sherlock grumbles as he stands, his height putting his gaze high above those in front of him.
Frowning, John glances back at Sherlock, who shrugs and nods encouragingly to the door, just as curious as John is. He nods back, turns around and pulls the door open.
"If you ever wonder where Sherlock gets his Christmas cheer from, you don't have to look far," Mrs. Holmes nudges John as she nods to her husband in mock-seriousness, sending John into another fit of laughter.
me. I can't leave the flat because I can't maneuver this bloody leg around properly, but you? You can. So please, for the love of all that is holy,
Need wracks his slender frame, silent tremors racing along his limbs, entire body suddenly on edge and he drops his hot cheek down on John's thigh, panting out a gasp as his aching cock brushes against the sheets where it sits heavy between his legs. "John," he groans, rolling his hips helplessly and unable to stop himself from reaching down to stroke urgently, his dick harder than it's ever been after multiple minutes of listening to his gorgeous lover moan beautifully from ministrations Sherlock himself provided.
If that smirk was any indication, he's probably captain, all confident and sure of himself. New but not new to the team, probably having trained with them over summer and transferred here to join permanently.
And later, after John had fallen to pieces under his touch, sobbing his release and love in complete abandon, Sherlock wrapped him up under the covers, pulling him to his chest and sighing, carding gentle fingers through his blonde fringe.
A small gasp elicited itself from Sherlock mouth and spiraled John right back to reality, swiftly throwing the switch back in place and reminding, screaming, spitting that this was wrong wrong
"Mmmm," Sherlock hummed at the soothing touch. Somehow, it didn't feel intrusive. It felt very nice. Then it was gone and he vaguely heard the scrape of a key entering a lock and then felt himself pressed to a chilled body. "You're cold," he pouted.
He was back to being angry. Not quite in the rage he was in before, but a good healthy fury he could function and think in. An anger that lead him to this:
, think and ponder and analyze in painfully tedious detail every single one of their interactions, spending hours upon hours going over everything with a fine tooth comb, examining it from every angle, practically losing his damn mind.
The genius boy cannot be cooped up in their tiny dorm room with John's stocky, gorgeous body all weekend, snuggling close and touching Sherlock's, absolutely not. Not without breaking John's slow rule and ruining everything because his oversensitive body has no control when it comes to his beautiful roommate.
John leans back, throwing up his hands. "Woah, let's not get crazy, here. Besides, me getting an A is not
"Hm," Sherlock nods, suddenly blinking away his depthless eyes and wiping any emotion from his face, indifference falling into place effortlessly. "Well. Enjoy yourself."
"Sherlock, can you look at me?" John's voice is so tender, so full of concern that Sherlock can't help but obey, opening his eyes to glance at his roommate, to apologize with his gaze, to tell him he's so terribly sorry for getting into this mess, for getting this drunk, for fucking coming to this party in the
"Yes!" Mike is the second one to come to, fist pumping into the air like he does when someone scores a goal during a rugby game, face splitting into a wide smile. "Fucking
"The arsehole or the resident bully are your top picks?" John asked with an amused eyebrow raise. "Way to think positive."
"John," Sherlock warns. "Don't do this. I know you. I know why you're doing this. I'll be fine, alright? And... and who knows, maybe you can even still work on cases with me."
"Now, where were we," Sherlock murmured in his ear as his hands trailed back down his stomach and dipped his fingers under the hem of John's jumper.
"John," Sherlock sighs against his ear, giving a gentle lick of encouragement, "I want to. So much."
"Nonsense," Sherlock waves his hand like being cold is absolutely no matter to him, which is probably true. "I grew up in London, I can do with a bit of rain."
Attempting another deep breath, Sherlock lets himself ogle the oblivious boy on the field, covered in mud like the rest of the team surrounding him. That boy who will be in Sherlock's room only a short while from now. That boy that will soon be beaming that radiant smile in Sherlock's direction over spicy curry or warm pasta or any number of tasty dinners John will supply because he's fucking
Sherlock's not listening. His eyes are on the button of John's jeans, and he tries to remember all the things John did.
John grins. "Yup. Do you have any idea how long I've wanted to see my name written across your back?"
And for some inexplicable reason, it made him feel guilty. So bloody guilty to force this man who didn't know who he was, to live with him. To be forced to play pretend.
"Alright, how do we split up teams?" Paul asks, smacking his hands together excitedly. "School yard picks?"
It helps keep the tears at bay to know they'd been to Angelo's so many times after that. Sherlock has other memories of this place besides the dinner they'd had here on the day of his parent's funeral.
He tastes of tea and sugar and smells like cleanliness and home and Sherlock digs his fingers into John's jacket to keep him as close as possible.
It's not new for him at least, the being attracted to boys thing. A small comfort in the wake of what is going on. A few confusing drunken encounters and a rather serious conversation with himself had brought John to the obvious conclusion that he's bisexual a year before. It hadn't been all that surprising, or upsetting.
And as selfish as it sounds, Sherlock doesn't want to start over. Sherlock wants his John back. His John who remembers their inside jokes and their anniversaries and their history. His John who needs him as equally as Sherlock needs him. His John who
That seems relatively harmless, right? Just a simple question. Just inquiring about Sherlock's day. Maybe a little sneaky and hopefully not too obvious. Pressing send without additional thought, John almost tucks his phone back into his pocket, almost afraid to see the response.
Struck with a bravery he has no business having, Sherlock lowers himself toward the cock in his hand and gently slips his wet mouth around the feverish head.
John wanted to say all of that. He wanted to make promises and desperate pleas and declarations, swear on everything he owned that he would never, ever hurt him.
John had no idea how to respond to that. He didn't even know Harry. Not really. Five years his senior, moving out when he was fourteen, it wasn't like they were close. He hadn't seen her in the four years since she'd left.
"Tell me you like it," John growls, grip tightening in his curls, just hard enough to make it exciting. Sherlock moans loudly.
John shook his head. "Yeah, best if you didn't reply I suppose. I don't want to hear what you have to say anyway. It was a really shitty thing you did to me, Sherlock. It was hurtful and embarrassing. And what's even worse is after that happened, I stupidly thought we might be able to get past it. I thought maybe we could talk about it, save our friendship and move forward. But instead, you up and quit teaching my class? And avoid me like
"Funny lookin', maybe," Paul counters before pounding a fist against the door. "Come on John, up you get! We were instructed not to leave here until you get your arse up and come with us!"
See John looking back at him, knowing who he is. Knowing what they mean to each other. Knowing what this means. Caring about him. Loving him.
Startled slightly by familiarity, head tipping slightly to the new voice, the curly-haired boy peeks over his shoulder to find out if his theory is correct or not.
John probably looked like a moron, smiling broadly as his feet pounded against the pavement, chasing after his brilliant, mad, insanely sexy boyfriend, following him into unknown territory without a single thought.
"I- I'm sorry, Sherlock," John mumbles to the wooden floorboards. "I didn't… I shouldn't have done what I did the other night. I… I dunno what I was thinking. 'M sorry."
"Oh, I know you had that little...misunderstanding with the team earlier in the year," Irene prattles on, misinterpreting his silence. "But John's really set them straight. No fighting, he says. Keep the team focused on the game."
, god he knows it is but it does nothing to hinder the flush of pleasure along the back of his neck.
Sherlock looks up at him and John smiles, tangling his fingers in Sherlock's curls. "That feels so good," he murmurs because it really does and because Sherlock puffs his chest out with pride at the praise.
He tries not to search the stables for the blond boy but his eyes travel at their own accord, sweeping down the entryway and across the lawn.
John's pleased voice comes from the bottom of the bleacher stairs and Sherlock has to physically restrain himself from closing his eyes and praying for the world to crack open and swallow him up. He shouldn't have stayed. He should have left.
Sherlock is so shocked all he can do is nod. He tries to swallow but his throat feels like it's closing.
And before John has finished completely, body still shaking with pleasure, he's wrapping his hand around Sherlock's neglected cock between them. And without warning, Sherlock is going off like a booster rocket, come splattering along his chest and stomach, cries ripping from his lips with every dirty flick of John's wrist, fists clenching in John's hair and holding on for dear life, body rocked with sinful satisfaction.
done something wrong. It felt so completely cruel. He'd glared at the board for the entire class, fuming in silence at the fact that his supposed friend couldn't even face him. It was complete and utter bullshit.
His legs and mouth and brain seem to be at a dead stop as he stands stock still in his spot, the eerily quiet stands alerting him to the fact that he isn't actually overreacting at all, that this is actually serious and
And just as those thoughts are staking their claim as truth and on their way to panicking Sherlock into an anxiety attack, the tug from the fingers on his shoulder pulls him free from his mind and for one long moment Sherlock feels like he's falling as he turns dazedly, eyes blurry and unfocused as he comes face to face with a short figure he can barely make out.
Four hours since Sherlock had slid out from under his warm covers glistening in the early morning sun spilling in from the window, tugged on a pair of dark jeans and a hoodie to fend off London's August chill, slung his book bag over his shoulder and snuck out from his shared quarters with that dashing rugby player sleeping peacefully bundled in his own bed.
But tonight, John wanted to be alone with his thoughts. Tonight, for the last night before his long career as a doctor began, John wanted to sit in his room, indulge his pathetic feelings and sulk.
John laughed. "Actually, yeah, that's exactly what we do. It works for us. Although, the love thing...we haven't-I mean he hasn't…and neither have I, but-"
A calm, single violin simmered from somewhere on the stage, the single note fluttering at length. The curtains slid open with a quiet whoosh and a soft spotlight flicked on, revealing a lean back of a body, wearing a black tank top. The body was settled on knees folded underneath itself, arse settled on heels, arms hanging loosely at its sides. Another note slid from the unseen violin and the head of the body lifted, revealing silken, inky curls tumbling in waves down the back of the head.
The change of topic seems to throw his Chemistry partner for a loop, the moment of silence stretching out into almost awkward territory before the sofa shifts and the weight dragging down the cushion Sherlock is perched on is suddenly gone. Still, he can't bring himself to look up.
She is none of those things. She follows no rules or schedules. She answers to no one. She takes nothing seriously. Sherlock can see that in her eyes.
Irene grins wider at his reaction. "She's going to ask you to formal," she says. She's practically vibrating.
"We… we really should get up," John tries again with increasing difficulty as the boy beneath him gets bolder, a wet tongue sneaking out to lave against the tendons in John's neck, licking and sucking ever so lightly, experimenting expertly and driving John absolutely mad. "
John in every inch of him, every nerve ending, every vessel of his being. He drapes his legs further onto John's shoulders, drawing him in deeper, purposefully tightening his muscles in the way he knows John loves.
"Because I've never been," Sherlock snips, turning away again and back to his microscope, his safe space, glaring at the top of his desk not even bothering with the pretense of observing slides. "I don't know what to expect and I'm not interested in finding out. As far as I've read and videos I've seen, clubs are loud and obnoxious and I prefer to stay home. Is that enough reasons for you?"
John cocked his head. "Okay," he said at length, having really no idea what to make of that. "And why do they call you The Detective?"
Sherlock was taking a gamble. Really, he had no idea what ten-years-later John Watson was like. His John had been giggly and smiley and happy, but he'd also been hardheaded and never one to ask for help. They'd had several fights during secondary school about John needing tutoring for a few classes, Sherlock offering to help for free, while John insisted he pay him. Pay his own boyfriend to tutor him. It was absurd, and just a silly little domestic back then, but it spoke volumes about who John was and who John never wanted to be. He was his own man, stubborn as hell, never accepting 'charity' as he put it of any kind.
"Because you said if I didn't do something with my horses you would make me give them up!" Sherlock is suddenly angry, frustrated that this is so funny to his father. That Sherlock's biggest fear is some sort of joke.
"Wha-" the boy behind him breathes again and Sherlock's heart sinks like a stone sitting heavy in his chest, the reality of the situation finally catching up to him, drawing him into a very silent but very real panic.
"Keep shimmying out of your trousers at break-neck speeds and I will keep laughing," Sherlock chuckles, wrapping long fingers around John's bicep to steady himself as he grins.
Silence falls between them and Sherlock steels himself a moment to cool off, his irrational irritation stemming from neither Lestrade nor John, the ugly words spoken to him this morning still burning bright in his mind.
," John mutters breathlessly, dipping down to slip his tongue into Sherlock's mouth, the sight of him letting go just for John and John alone making the rugby player feel fuzzy and warm and overwhelmingly pleased. "Oh, love," he whispers, sliding his hand carefully out of Sherlock's pants and gripping his boxer-clad hip, cradling the genius boy's cheek with his other hand and gentling his lips against Sherlock's, humbled a bit by this brilliant boy giving himself to John to take care of, trusting him with so much.
"Oh no, that I learned the hard way," John chuckled, pulling his heated body up and off of Sherlock and hopping off the bed. "I lost some lovely chest hairs last week because you refused to get us a warm flannel."
"Right," John cuts him off, having no interest in hearing any more about Sherlock's painful teenage years. "I guess that happens when you're the older brother."
"Oh Johnny," Greg laughs a bit weakily, waving his own mobile in solidarity, "what have the Holmes brothers done to us?"
And so now, as they settle in to sleep, Sherlock isn't quite sure he can take it anymore, the night ending in not a bang but a whimper, all that unreleased tension still lingering, leaving Sherlock feeling a bit uncomfortable and so out of sorts it
"John Watson," a firm voice comes from his left, startling John free from his thoughts and back into the real world, whipping toward the sound of his own name.
And before he can overthink it or talk himself out of it, John is swiping open his phone and typing out a message in frantic, jerky movements, suddenly unbearably desperate to hear from Sherlock Holmes.
And the curly-haired boy hates him a little bit for that. He hates that John hid his true feelings, hid exactly what he thinks of Sherlock. Hates that John pitied him and thought him helpless this entire time while Sherlock was falling unfathomably hard, letting his heart rule every single one of his decisions for a boy he thought saw him like nobody else.
Sherlock grinned. "To see how you would react. Quite impressive, actually. No gasping or running away. You continue to surprise me."
. Wafting through the house and filling every single room, every little bit of space, a scent that can only be described as
It seems a bit corny to go on and on about one's lover like John does in his own head, constantly admiring Sherlock's body like the lovesick fool that he is, so John continues with his original thought out loud while privately vowing to show Sherlock how beautiful he is every day.
His grey eyes lock in on John's, edging closer and closer to his peak, just as John's blue eyes flash with something so deep and honest and gut-wrenchingly raw and Sherlock loses himself in a wave of unadulterated pleasure, sweeping through him and knocking his whole world off balance as his physical body is taken over by John's and he's lost in sensations and false truths that if he didn't know better, he might have mistaken the gaze he just caught in his best friend's eyes for love.
Though the urge to thrust fades quickly as John goes to work on him, dragging long pulls over his erection, swirling his tongue and lapping at the underside before going back down, bobbing forward and backward until he's worked Sherlock's entire length into his mouth. Sherlock's grip tightens on its own accord as he drops his head down to watch his cock disappear further and further into his lovers' mouth until the sensitive head hits the back of the blond boy's throat.
He hoped he wasn't smiling too widely as he was enveloped by softness on his back. Sherlock was laying him down in bed. John wanted to cheer with excitement.
Shame clenches John's gut as the words roll off Mike's tongue, the realization that his vague text message last night that he'd shot off pretty haphazardly in his haste to get into bed so he could then invite his gorgeous roommate into it may not have been quite enough of an explanation for his teammates who he now realizes must have been worried sick.
John continues his slow kisses along Sherlock's torso, attempting to decipher that broken sentence. He can barely think, mind already zeroing in on soft skin and long limbs and a rather interested member down below-
A gentle hand was laid on his shoulder and soft lips were pressed to his temple. "Good evening, John," a low baritone rumbled in his ear and John grinned, looking up.
"So glad things are going well for you, brother dear," Mycroft's cool voice came from just behind him and Sherlock let out a long-suffering sigh, eyelids fluttering in suppressed irritation.
"What would you like me to say?" John demanded, turning on him, face red as a cherry, fists clenched at his sides. "Would you like to hear me say they are right? That you have no right to take me in and not them?"
Sherlock resisted the urge to slap his hand over his left pectoral in a dramatic way, realizing how pitiful that move would be, but he felt an overwhelming need to touch his chest, at least make a feeble attempt to hold his breaking heart together as he heard another aroused moan elicit itself from John's mouth.
"I...just wanted to let you know," he says quietly, "that I will be attending formal tomorrow night."
"So I would... I'd be amenable," John mutters, back to picking at a thread on his sleeve. "If you are."
But this is just proving Sherlock's fears, isn't it? Fears that he would never be able to hold John's attention for long. Proof that Sherlock is hardly worth John's time at all. Proof that John is
So… I may have discovered that I have a kink for Drunk John. I PROMISE this story will have some sort of plot… but I also promise this story will have a shit done of Drunk John.
"Shut up," Sherlock grumbles, feigning annoyance, though his words are contradicted by his fingers finding a tight grasp on John's waist.
As John rounded one more corner, he stopped in his tracks and watched silently as Sherlock chucked his book bag over a fence, then hoisted himself up and over in one fluid motion, swinging his long legs underneath to catch his landing as he steadied himself on the other side. John gaped at this odd and seemingly natural action for the man as Sherlock scurried away to the house the fence encompassed.
Wide-eyed, John turns back to the desk and mimics Sherlock's movements, taking slow steps away from the angry swirl of chemicals, suddenly very aware that he has absolutely no idea how bad this could actually be.
Looking back on it now, after years of time spent with the boy, Sherlock knows now that that's just John. He's just that thoughtful and just that concerned and if he could help it Sherlock would never ever be hurt or alone for the rest of his days. He's been there for Sherlock for three beautiful years of friendship, teaching the genius boy what it was to be a good friend, to support someone and cheer someone on and help someone through the hell that is being a teenager.
" Sherlock gestures up and down John's frame as though in utter disdain even as saliva pools in his mouth.
John dragged his hand downward to the base of his cock, releasing his grip and cupping Sherlock's balls, tenderly rolling them in his hand. Sherlock sighed, his frantic kisses slowing to a caress of his lips against John's, calming from frantic thrashes to slow, undulating waves, body rolling in time with John's ministrations, hands loosening their snug grasp on John's hair.
He's not fooling the genius for a moment, guilt swooping through Sherlock's stomach heavily at the sight of his love hurting so badly, but the look John's face tells Sherlock not to mention it or coddle it or do anything besides move right past it, John's jutted chin daring him to say anything, anything at all.
Tracing a light trail with the backs of his fingers along the sharp edges of Sherlock's face and following the path down to his lips, taking in every angle, every quiet exhale, every small involuntary twitch, John can't take his eyes off this curly-haired genius, can't bring himself to look away even for a moment, the sight of him positively breathtaking.
Sherlock nodded. "That and I never saw the appeal. Until now," he added, noticing John twitching a little beside him. "Now, I can see the appeal very much."
His class had let out late for the first time in the history of the semester, because John's luck was really just that bad, and now he was late for his one on one with his brilliant editor, and John hated everything. Every person that got in his way, every corner he had to turn, another furious ripple of rage shimmied its way down his spine.
"You can come," John says hastily, suddenly feeling oddly guilty for even contemplating leaving Sherlock behind. It's not Sherlock he wants to get away from; it's the feelings Sherlock is stirring within him that he'd like to exit the building entirely. "If-if you'd like."
It's a very clear anger. John is not blinded by his temper or jealousy. If anything, he's leveled off by it. He's cool and collected, put together just fine on the outside while calculating on the inside. His internal flags are, yet again, raising themselves in the face of Victor Trevor. There is something distinctly off about the boy that John has felt since he laid eyes on him and John has no time for all-consuming, threatening rage. What good would that do? No, he needs to be alert and aware of what's going on. And his body is all too willing to comply.
It was like something falling into place almost peacefully as John laid eyes on that curly-haired boy wearing that rugby uniform that wasn't his.
"I love you," Sherlock murmured, hands finding John's and lacing their fingers together as he stared down at the blond boy. "I love you so very much, John."
"Mrs. Hudson!" He suddenly yelled, still inside the kitchen, knowing full well she couldn't hear him, but simply not caring. This was urgent. He flew out of the apartment, down the steps, terrified John would flee if he exited the shower and found himself alone, and pounded on his landlady's door.
One entire wall is stacked with books. And not novels and fun reads, but real heavy stuff like biomedical engineering and physiology.
"Yes," John barks in reply, making absolutely no apologies as he returns to his position on his knees between Sherlock's legs. "You have
This was the thing about his editor. He was… intense, for lack of a better term. He had these deeply piercing eyes that changed color constantly –shimmering silver in the early afternoons, clicking to green when he was focused, like now, and occasionally, when John managed to make him laugh, taking on a sky blue that seemed to twinkle when amused. His almost translucently pale skin accented every color, making him seem delicate and fragile, while the sharpness of his cheekbones and dark tumbling curls framing his face made him seem domineering and serious.
Sherlock's face darkened rapidly, his clear eyes thunderous and John all but shrank back, unsure how to respond.
"Please?" Molly blinks, her big brown eyes pleading up at him, all hints of mirth pushed aside and Sherlock exhales in relief. "Ours sales aren't doing so well at the moment and… and you're right, most of the proceeds are going to go to the rugby team but if we raise enough then some of it will go to the science team and we could
Sherlock nods. "The mid-term recital. Just a small show to prepare for the big performance at Christmas break."
He can't help it; John laughs out loud, shaking his head fondly and ignoring his friend beside him giving him a pointed look. Grinning at his phone, he responds quickly.
"God I hope you're never done with me," John groans, petting a hand through Sherlock's curls restlessly, body tipping upward, silently asking for more.
He glanced around to emphasize the point, every sarcastic word tasting bitter on his tongue. He hated the way John's mouth dropped open. He hated his own words. He hated himself.
"It's fine," John replies slowly, feeling quite off balance in this conversation. "Just tell me what you know. Or what you
what Sherlock needs, he knows he needs to be asked, knows he'd prefer a damn written invitation to be sure he's not crossing any lines or boundaries he's not supposed to, but John is asking and Sherlock is sure, immediately and without hesitation, courage storming through him, beating off all anxieties and worries and unknowns, because this is John and John will always take care of Sherlock, even when he needs caring for himself.
The conversation with Mike went better then John had planned on. After the initial embarrassment, and Mike's stuttered denial, John had flown through his argument as though he'd planned every word. He found himself referring to Sherlock's words from previously, explaining that Mike wasn't actually attracted to him but to men in general and he should try experimenting with someone besides his best mate.
The woman, whose name was apparently Anthea, walked toward the door, nose still in her phone. John watched her, still frozen in place until she finally looked up and raised an eyebrow. "Do you mind?"
Mike nodded and turned back to the route they were on. The three of them walked along in silence for a moment and then John giggled. "You yelled at me."
"You really think I would treat you like that?" John's whispering now. "Like...like you're not the most important thing on this earth to me?"
Sherlock stuck his tongue in John's ear, deciding if he wasn't going to properly fuck him, he would penetrate him with his tongue and his words and drive him right over the edge. "Remember the night we met, John?" John nodded as he rocked his hips more insistently into Sherlock's hand. "Remember what the first thing I said to you was?"
He's desperately combing through possibilities, the euphoria of hope hovering over his mind, requesting entry while simultaneously awaiting the crushing agony of the truth not being exactly what he wants.
It comes out as a growl and Sherlock just barely manages to suppress a groan, heat pooling at the back of his neck with the innuendo he himself had made without even trying and John's response rocketing his libido into action without missing a beat, the situation changing yet again and Sherlock is drowning, oh Christ he is
Groaning, John threw his head back as he spread his knees further, grinding down against Sherlock's clothed erection. "Fuck," he bit out sharply, snapping the word off at the 'k' and Sherlock pulled at him, urging him to go faster.
"No-" the word was cut off by the unmistakably nauseating sound of taught skin connecting with soft tissue, and a sickening
"John," Sherlock whispered, leaning forward just enough to rest his forehead against John's temple, eyes sliding shut at the touch. "John."
"Mike, yes, okay, well Mike was just about to proposition you. Now, you only choosing recently to be openly gay and in a new place with one familiar friend, I assume you wouldn't want that friendship to end due to an uncomfortable situation, correct?"
"Yes, John," Sherlock barely suppresses a cry. He needs this. He needs to be one with John, joined in the most intimate of ways. He needs John to be apart of him. Inside of him. Tonight. It's all they have and he needs it
he met her, but then having the audacity to get off with and then snog the hell out of her son in the hallway, allow him to leave a rather prominent love bite on his neck and then show up disheveled in her kitchen apparently expecting breakfast, John Watson had some bloody manners. "You have a beautiful home," he babbled, "and I am so sorry I was-ah-sleeping when I...arrived."
for bringing up such fond memories of my childhood," Sherlock barks out, cutting her off with a glare, "but maybe we could focus on getting these cookies sorted instead of humiliating me?"
Then another terrifying thought passed through his mind. He glanced up into those blue eyes. "Are you...are you going to tell my father?"
"Thanks." Sherlock attempts to offer a grateful smile but he's not sure how it comes off, the furious fog of rage finally clearing from his vision as he has something else to focus on besides the imminent ending of his friendship with John. He follows Victor in, trying not to think about the last time he was here, drunk as all hell and embarrassing himself.
"You're freezing cold, love," John murmurs, massaging the base of his lover's skull soothingly. "Can I put you in bed?"
Sherlock suppresses the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. Even on bad days, it's nice to know John still knows him so very well.
Sherlock nods and rolls up to a sitting position, cheeks flaming as sticky white semen streaks down his belly.
"Over here," the man hissed, yanking Sherlock by the arm around the side of the building they'd pulled up in front of.
"Johnny, why you so cranky? I missed ya! I got on a damn train! London isn't that hard to get to ya know!" She turned to smile insincerely at John. "Even though you obviously tried to get as far away from the fucked up Watson clan as you could," she sneered.
Very rarely they talked about Sherlock. John tried a few times, receiving one or two word answers, then dropped his attempts altogether. It became an unspoken agreement then John's life was on the table, and Sherlock's was absolutely not.
Smiling so hard his cheeks hurt, John's heart lurches to one side as he reads the message. Christ, his roommate is so fucking
John tried to glare, but he didn't want to lose all sight of that pretty face. "Well, with the special meetings and all-"
"First crush I presume? Given by the level of humiliation you're portraying. You're a bit old for a first crush though... ah, first crush you thought there was actual potential with then?"
"Just wait," Sherlock whispers against his lover's skin, John's words fueling his plan yet again. "I'm not done with you yet."
"Are you alright?" He demands, stepping a half-pace away and running a keen eye up and down John's form. "Are you hurt?"
Because there Sherlock had been, standing all alone in the center of their room, an hour after they'd exchanged such horrible words, an hour after John had practically had a nervous breakdown at the idea of Sherlock being locked away in some house with Victor Trevor, an hour after John had thought he may have lost him for good, there Sherlock had been, home and safe and adorned in John's rugby jersey, like...
Greg's eyes widen slightly as they make their way up the steps. "Uh - actually no, not officially. Although I do know who you are. You blew a hole through the door of Mr. Miller's chemistry classroom last year, yeah?"
"Fine. Now, I was able to keep your involvement unknown from the events of two nights ago. I trust you won't speak of this to anyone? Lestrade obviously knows you were there but he is choosing to look the other way seeing as you assisted in the evidence for the arrest. It will only make him look better for his career goal of becoming a detective. But you cannot continue this…
It feels less like a full-on injury now and more like a healing wound, no longer making him sick to his stomach in despair that not only has he not been living his life to the absolute fullest but that he didn't even realize it until the one person who'd forced this knowledge out of him was now gone for five horrendous days. That pill had been hard enough to swallow and Sherlock Holmes just knew he had to do
Sighing heavily and slinging his bag over his shoulder, shaking himself in the process, John begins making his way across the field. There isn't anything he can do for Past Sherlock anyway, so he might as well make up for it now and be a great friend to the boy. He deserves that, that's for certain. And John can do that. John
Sherlock, yeah, y-yeah," in that husky, broken way that sends shivers down Sherlock's spine without fail every single time.
Sherlock finishes getting ready for school and is out the door before he checks his phone again, finding a single text.
The genius is better off not returning jabs or facts of his own only to egg on the conversation endlessly, but it seems he can't really avoid it lately. It must be the time of year that's got everyone all wound up about love and sex and relationships, more people pairing off lately just so they're not alone on the most romantic day of the year, Valentine's Day already next week and considering the bully is currently secretly juggling two women, it makes sense for Anderson to become more crass, more careless and more vicious than usual, his outlet always being ruining Sherlock's day.
They approached the door to his flat and Sherlock dug into his jacket pocket for his keys. He didn't immediately find them and decided it was a good idea to lean his forehead against the door while he searched, his eyes shutting automatically.
Armed with the somewhat melting ice block, Sherlock marches his way back over to his boyfriend and begins fixing the pack against his damaged shoulder, ignoring ocean blue eyes staring up at him steadily and busying himself with re-fluffing pillows and ensuring the ice pack is firmly in place, scowling at the deep purple coloring the outsides of John's bruising shoulder.
Sherlock's deep green eyes flashed at the words. Like he wasn't sure if he could trust them. Like he wanted nothing more than to trust them.
He replayed the conversation he'd had with John over and over. He should be able to file it away after the amount of times he'd gone over it. He should be able to close it and move on. But he couldn't let it go just yet. He wanted to let it percolate for just a bit longer. He'd learned so much in that short time.
"Look at you," John breathes, continuing the thrust of his fingers. "Dirty boy, you like this, don't you?"
," he cries, squeezing John's hand hard, the familiar tinglings of an orgasm pooling in his hips as he thighs tremble. "John. John. Please,
John, for his part, is gaping. His lips are parted, his eyes twinkling with something like interest.
And before the conversation can continue, John's phone buzzes and Greg's pings again and John's heart all but leaps out of his throat, fingers shaking as he slides open his phone and almost dropping it in his haste.
"Wh-what are you terrified of?" John all but whispered, suddenly feeling the shift in the atmosphere.
John looks a bit... he doesn't have a word for it. Uneasy? Irritated? Uncomfortable? Sherlock can't put a finger on it. His features are pinched upward in what looks like a painful smile, lips pressed together in a white line as they attempt to curve with effort, posture rigid, fingers gripping his beer rather harshly as the color is drained from each digit. His body looks like a statue, pulled taut like a rubber band about to snap in half, and Sherlock can practically feel the strain on his muscles to stand that still looking that… again, there is no word for it. There is no explanation for the way John is looking right now. All the curly-haired boy knows is that this look is not a good one. Not at all.
John's imagination was absolutely getting the best of him. Besides, he didn't even know what Sherlock…was. He could be straight, he could be gay, and he could be fucking nothing at all for how little he dealt with relationships. John had no idea. And the not knowing made his crazed thoughts run wild.
Her words had done nothing to calm John's somewhat anxious nerves, unsure what exactly he was dealing with.
Mike perks up a bit at that. "True." His gaze snaps back to John's, all traces of irritation vanishing, genuine concern taking its place. "So? Sherlock?"
that, of all people. He pushes that thought aside and continues on, eyes still trained on the book in front of him. "Why aren't
Sherlock opens the door, curls wet and wilted to his head, skin still slightly damp with a towel slung around his slender hips. He stops dead when he sees John staring at him from the middle of his room.
Sherlock was obviously amused by this but refrained from commenting. John gaped at the three of them, still feeling entirely lost. "Okay…so you went to his office…" John tried to move the conversation along.
"Yes, yes we do," Mike nods sympathetically, fighting the grin on his face unsuccessfully. "But you love us!"
"Uh-" Paul starts and stops, eyes flickering from John to Mike for a long moment before Mike interrupts his hesitation with an annoyed huff in his direction then promptly beaming at John like he's only just come up with the most brilliant idea of all time, a usual feature of the rugby player.
The genius boy stumbles forward and is about to protest when he collides with John's compact body, the damp streaks on his chest seeping into the fabric of Sherlock's already soaked shirt quickly but honestly, it doesn't matter because John's thick arms are wrapping around Sherlock's waist and John's blond head is tucked beneath Sherlock's chin and it's all Sherlock could ask for in this moment. Dropping his duffle to the floor without another thought, he winds his arms around his boyfriend's shoulders, careful of the ice pack, and cradles him against his chest, pressing his lips to the top of John's head and holding him as close as he can without causing further injury, relief flooding his insides as his entire world curls into him.
"I can't wait to fuck you, Sherlock," John breathes. "I know you're not ready yet but one day... one day I will. One day I will fuck you so hard, give it to you like the naughty boy inside you wants. And you will fucking
They watch in silence, until Bond starts writhing around on the floor with a woman in a red dress and Sherlock shifts.
," Sherlock bites back, throwing his hands to his hips indignantly, effectively proving John's statement. "I am...
," Seb emphasizes, spitting the word as though it's vile on his lips. "They call him a genius but I think that's just a way to hide how truly fucked up he is."
By the end of secondary school, the secret was weighing on him like lead. He was lonely and horny as hell, and was desperate to tell someone what was going on inside him. Not so they could take care of him. Not so they could shag him. Just so he could know that someone knew and he didn't need to be swallowed up by this any longer. His absentee parents were so wrapped up in their own drama they were immediately out of the question and for some reason he felt telling Harry would do more harm then good. His options narrowed pretty quickly after that.
"Oh god," John breathes from where he sits on his knees, hand still wrapped around Sherlock's cock, stroking it lightly and lovingly as he stares upward. "Are- are you sure? I… Christ I would love to see you under me like that, love, but just… I just need you to be sure before we-"
The crowd went absolutely wild as Sherlock continued a slow grind of his body, tossing his head back as if in pure ecstasy, pale skin glimmering in the light.
*Special thanks as always to my wonderful ishaveforsherl, you are INCREDIBLE, thank you for taking the time to proof read and brainstorm and be my soulmate, I love you so very much!*
Sherlock didn't answer as they burst through the doors onto the street and he threw up his arm to hail a taxi. John knew he should probably be concerned seeing as the last time he saw Sherlock this excited he'd just broken into a house, but he couldn't quite seem to get himself to actual fear. Once again he found himself being led to an unknown location by his Chemistry teacher and he felt nothing but excited anticipation. He got the distinct feeling Sherlock enjoyed a little danger and John was beginning to discover that he might, too.
"It's his way of initiation," Mike grins knowingly and the rest of the boys dissolve into giggles, John unable to stop himself from chuckling.
Hands wandering all over one another, fingers finding their way into curls and around necks and along torsos and down to arses, John's mouth never leaves Sherlock's as he walks him slowly backward toward the bed, even as the curly-haired boy's knees hit the mattress and he falls, John follows him down, descending upon him, mouth latching to the base of his throat as he scoots up the bed to sit against his pillows.
The genius in his arms seems to consider that prospect and John smiles lazily, eyes shut tight. The silence in the room only brings sleep closer and it's only a moment before he's completely under that John hears a deep, satisfied sigh.
"That's true," Mike agrees with a sly smile, "you haven't succeeded in snogging a single one of us."
Every Friday evening, John would drop in to Sherlock's office at 5pm sharp, two coffees in tow. Sometimes Sherlock would smile and waive him in. Sometimes he'd grunt a hello and refocus on what he was doing. Once John had walked in on him yelling at someone on his mobile, then refused to explain when John asked what that was all about.
He makes his way to the meadow out back, seeing a folded dark figure amongst the colors of the nature.
"How many times have you been punched in the mouth?" John bit back, forcing down the rage boiling deep in his bones. "Because I'd love to join that list."
"Ohhh god," Sherlock cries, shoving his hips into John's hand like he can't get enough, tossing his head back again on a silent scream, tightening his grip in John's hair. "Holy fuck."
John's insides warmed immediately. Partner? Yes, absolutely acceptable. They hadn't discussed what their titles were to each other (Boyfriend? Lover?) but he'd take the title of Sherlock's partner any day of the week.
John pushed the packet of lube he'd managed to fish from his wallet before his jeans had been discarded into Sherlock's hand and nodded. He then hooked his thumbs in Sherlock's pants and pulled them down as far as he could reach.
And Greg can't help but smirk at his friend who clearly thinks he's getting off without being called out. "And a particular shout out to our resident bisexual John Watson who had the eye of every single guy and girl in the stadium on him, though I'm quite certain our teammate here was playing for a certain madman, no?"
A short, dark haired woman pulled the door open and John nearly lost his footing in his realization that the person answering the door was not Sherlock.
It's a sort of euphoria falling over him now, the very real feeling of Sherlock's weight against him, limbs around him, breath on his body. He's wanted this for
"Oh, yes, this will be perfect. We're going to get that stress out of you and get you back to doing the job I need from you."
John continued after catching himself. "Sorry, that's not... okay you're right. You told me that last night. Just a bit... disappointing, I suppose."
That shift, the one he'd felt earlier, was now locking itself in place. Was now forcing them to reconcile things they'd forced themselves to ignore, tried to hide for weeks and now… it was all for not.
He made his way back to Mike, careful to take the same route as he'd come and to keep his eyes on his shoes.
"Of course," John agrees, still laughing as he retrieves the item he'd been searching for – his phone. He glances at it and swipes it open with his thumb. "Are you hungry? Some of the rugby boys want to get lunch."
"Did…" Paul starts and stops, staring wide-eyed at the cup now containing the ball Sherlock had rocketed into it, "Did we… did we just get
But Sherlock is different. Important. And if John has learned anything over the course of their friendship, it's that Sherlock needs to get to his own conclusions. He can't be told what to do.
and comes with abandon, pulsing along the crease of his boxer shorts and rocking harder, a soft cry escaping his lips as the sensation rolls through him.
"Giving her a little exercise," John replies casually as Dolly comes to a halt at the gate in front of Sherlock.
He wants so badly to run. To race out of this house and never come back. To erase the sound of Victor Trevor's voice making a mockery of his feelings for his dorm mate and humiliating him.
Sometimes John would have a topic already on his mind. Sometimes Sherlock would. Sometimes Sherlock would ask random questions, prompting a lengthy discussion about a topic John had hardly ever thought about in the first place. Sometimes they'd sit quietly, John would do homework and Sherlock would grade papers.
Sherlock wants to say he's ready. He wants to convince John he's ready for penetrative sex, ready to be fucked the way John wants. He wants to beg for it.
but figured John wouldn't love that, so instead he said, "Molly, good to see you. Thank you for staying late. This is John. He's been assisting me on this case. Do you mind if he waits in the hall?"
things to John, making him squirm closer to do it again and again, in different spots along Sherlock's neck, enthralled with the reactions he was pulling.
Then Sherlock was moving around him, heading back the way they came. "Well, come on then," he tossed back over his shoulder.
John trails his lips up Sherlock's neck to his ear, darting his tongue inside. Sherlock keens, gripping his hands at John's naked shoulders. "You're so responsive," John breathes against the shell of his ear, chuckling as a shudder runs through Sherlock's body.
Pressing a hand to his chest in a weak attempt to keep his heart from shattering, John takes a deep breath, swallowing around the painful realization, gaze trained on the floor as he takes it all in, lets himself feel the anger, the horror and the hurt for the simple fact that that boy… that unbelievably drop dead gorgeous, bright, absolutely fantastic bloke doesn't
Sherlock shakes his head. "No, but I figured there wouldn't be one today. I think I figured out the pattern though."
"You and your theories," John groaned. "We're getting on so well, Sherlock, don't spoil it by making me talk about something so utterly humiliating."
"Oh gross, okay, I don't want any of those details," Irene flips her hand as though to flick away Sherlock's words. "I don't care about you staring lovingly into each other's eyes and being disgusting. None of that interests me."
Sinking his teeth into his bottom lip as it quivers harshly at the sight of that infamous jersey, the one that had awakened something inside of Sherlock that he didn't know existed, the one that fit John Watson's stocky body so precisely, the one that gave Sherlock the most incredible dreams he'd ever had, he allows himself, just this once, to reach out and run his fingers over the white acrylic, tracing the lines with his fingers and shuddering.
Mycroft stepped aside and yanked the door back, watching as John's weight fell forward, sprawling into the entry way.
Clinging to his lover, Sherlock doesn't loosen his grip. Not when his orgasm is over. Not when John's orgasm is over. Not when warm semen begins to dry on his belly. Not ever.
"Right," John replies with a nod, anger anew at the memory, "Your brother is a right prat. He cornered me after practice to question me about my 'association' with you."
John's lips quirked at how well his best friend knew his habits, but he couldn't fully commit to the smile. He shrugged instead. "Fine. I'll be out in an hour."
want you," Sherlock replies, wrapping arms around John's neck, desperately needing the blond boy to understand how much he wants him. How much he
Already grinning, squinting against the bright sun, Greg Lestrade is making his way over, hair gently fussing in the light breeze, face flushed with excitement. He looks practically the same since the last time John has saw him, just a year previous, waving out the window of his mother's four-door sedan shouting 'See you next summer!'
this boy in his arms kissing him under the mistletoe. He's certain life doesn't get any better than this.
The emotion tearing through Sherlock is threatening to release itself in the form of a fury so intense it's heating his entire body.
. He doesn't want anything complicated or confusing or unique on his first actual date with John. He wants something he can handle. Something
But there was something else there. Something familiar he'd seen before. Sherlock's eyes were wide, irises shifted to a darker green, twinkling with something...anticipation? Excitement? John looked a bit closer and then grinned as he recalled when he'd last seen that look.
Sherlock grins at his stable caretaker. He loves the team that makes up his family. With his mother dying when he was small and his brother moving to London after completing university, it's really been just Sherlock and his father, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, along with a plethora of ranch hands and the unfortunate occasional appearance of Anderson whom they pay handsomely to keep off other rider's payrolls.
"I can't," John continues like he hadn't just said the dirtiest thing Sherlock has ever heard. "Rugby practice."
"Sod the dinner," Sherlock growls with a confidence he has no business having and John's dropping the takeaway into the entryway and kicking the door shut before either of them can think twice.
John couldn't help the words of the application he'd filled out so many years ago flashing in his mind.
With a heavy sigh, Sherlock decides being vague will not get them anywhere. "She was a recluse, not a hoarder," he says. "Not all recluses are unclean. She didn't often leave her home, or have company over seeing this side of the doorknob has no wear on it. Her clothes are washed, ironed and her hair and makeup is perfectly done. She cared about her appearance to the point of obsession but her crippling anxiety kept her in her flat. She had a terrible mix of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and anxiety, leading her to kill herself in the cleanest way possible."
John is the one to break the silence, scrubbing a hand down his face as he shifts his weight. "Oh my god," he mutters into his palm. "So… so all this time, you thought I was ashamed of you?"
Unwinding his arm from around Sherlock, John leans away and reaches behind himself, groping blindly with the flat of his palm until his hand finally lands on an extra pillow shoved up against the wall and into the corner of the bed where he'd hastily moved it to last night while making room for his current bedfellow and he breathes a sigh of relief, bringing it over his head and pushing it gently between their hips, careful not to jostle Sherlock in the process, already attempting to shake off the horror of waking up hard on his first morning with the genius boy in his bed.
he'd been worried about before. They are in his family home. He's introduced John to his parents. Now his brother is here with his boyfriend? This little scene couldn't possibly get any worse unless that aforementioned t-shirt appeared on Sherlock's body right at this moment, though he's certain the tameness of the previous statement would change from
Staring down at his mobile, stomach unwilling to settle as he waits for a reply, John just catches the end of a soft chuckle and turns to find his captain grinning at him before pointedly looking down at the quiet but glowing phone in his hand as his message sends.
Sherlock's knees practically give out as a wave of pleasure crashes through him, goose flesh rippling out along his skin as he tosses his head back and lets out a single sob in utter worship of the boy currently on his knees in front of him. Without any conscience decision to do so, Sherlock is burying his hands deeply into John's somewhat shaggy hair and gripping a bit too tightly, his entire body shaking with the effort not to buck his hips into the heat surrounding him.
"Even after last night? Even after…You...you really think I would just..." John's voice breaks as he flings his hand in the air. "Just take your virginity so callously? Just...just do all the things we've done and still be hooking up with someone else?"
"Well that is a very important lesson indeed. I believe I'm up for the task seeing as I have such an eager student to teach." Sherlock dragged his tongue over his ear, wrapping his arms around John's body as he settled his weight, gyrating slowly against him. John's hands found purchase on Sherlock's lower back and one arse cheek, pulling him as close as possible.
"Christ," John moaned, rolling his tongue lazily into the kiss in that sleepy way he occasionally did after a leg-shaking orgasm, his sweat-slicked, sated body going pliant in Sherlock's arms as John laid against him. "God, you are talented," John giggled.
John's stomach swooped in disappointment. So Sherlock must have had a date. The nondescript building and name screamed lounge or club, the lack of windows being the dead giveaway. He watched as two gentlemen made their way to the front door Sherlock had disappeared through only a few minutes ago, dressed in dressy trousers and recently pressed button-downs. Like date attire.
"Gentlemen and…gentlemen," a smooth, silky voice flowed out from the speakers and the crowd laughed good-naturedly "Welcome to Rick's Late Night Special starring The Detective."
"I happen to enjoy Doctor Who, thank you very much!" Link spat back. "Who the hell do you think you are?"
It's hard to smirk with a cock in his mouth but Sherlock makes a valiant effort as he sucks all the way up John's erection until he can let go with a wet pop. "The internet," he replies cheekily before going right back to work, sucking and licking steadily, ignoring the slight ache in his jaw and focusing on the way his nerves light up like a Christmas tree every time John gasps or groans or swears.
The feeling Sherlock had felt leaving NSY fizzles out immediately at the sight of John sitting on the couch tensely, offering a rather pained, closed lipped smile as Sherlock makes his way inside.
John is going to have to show him. Every minute of every day, John is going to need to prove to Sherlock exactly how important he is.
John shifted uncomfortably. "Si- Major Holmes, I am very sorry if I offended you and if you plan to hand down a punishment, I will accept and get back to morning drills."
One more deep breath and Paul says everything in a rush. "There is something not right about Victor, John. He's… off. Not even strange, just off. He's got this darkness about him, which I'm now kicking myself for not noticing before we moved in together but he… he's not a good guy. I thought he was, you know? I thought he was a nice enough bloke, definitely a fun guy at parties and he's clean and unobtrusive in my space which is really all I wanted in a roommate when I went searching for one."
. It's the best part of his day after all and he refuses to miss even a moment of it because Irene Adler decided to lecture him on the dangers of Victor Trevor. Fuck no. He needs to get back to his room
"Oi, what the fuck?" John demands, tossing his hands up in the air and steadfastly ignoring Sherlock's amused eyebrow raise in his direction. "Why do you get the first pick?"
"John," Sherlock tried again but he was smiling softly now, a flicker of something sparking in his eyes every time John said it. He nuzzled quietly into John's hands.
to what he's seen. "But you're… the girlfriends," Sherlock blurts stupidly, trying to rationalize the facts. "You have a new girlfriend every month."
"Yes, and also unsafe," John says. "And you aren't wearing a coat. Come on, we've got to get inside."
Ugh. Now this just feels extremely idiotic. Running a thumb along his bottom lip, Sherlock considers before attempting to go the blunt route, deciding he's already in it now.
"But it wasn't your fault," John argues, "You certainly weren't the one to give him a few shots of hard liquor."
John is fucking preening, never feeling more proud in his life as he delivers Sherlock his second orgasm of the night.
That brought Sherlock surging back to reality. He snapped his eyes open again and yanked his coat closed. "No," he tried to say firmly, coming out a bit weaker then he planned.
The man's eyes narrowed, still smiling and stuck out his hand. "Sherlock," he said, and without thinking, John took it.
"Our reservation will be canceled if we don't get on our way," Sherlock said softly, as though John hadn't almost just come to blows with his sister.
"So why aren't we?" He doesn't mean to make it sound like a demand but his words seem to be completely out of his hands.
"Ignore him," Mike was saying. "He's a tool. He was at the pub last night, too, the prick. Probably stalking you."
Another groan escapes John's lips and his hands slide down Sherlock's torso. "You bloody perfect creature," he growls, every word and touch scorching over Sherlock's body. "How are you here? How do you exist? How are you-"
Of course, that self-assured thought skidded to an abrupt halt as John turned to follow and instead laid eyes on the person he was equally dreading and needing desperately to see.
Sherlock glares and marches to the back, waiting until he's out of John's eyesight to shove the helmet over the chaos of his curly hair. It's far too large and falls to one side of his head and Sherlock glares upward for a moment before clipping it in place. Then he hesitates.
It's a bit silly, being offered up his own room as a gift, but Sherlock finds himself oddly grateful.
"Sherlock, it's fine," John tried to protest, feeling his cheeks burning. "He needs your help. I can stay out-"
"I know." John would leave it be for now. Sherlock was obviously overwhelmed. He didn't need him to say it right now. He would soon, but not now. He just needed Sherlock to know that John would be saying it. As often as possible. He pulled Sherlock down, pressing their foreheads together. "I know. I love you."
Maybe it's the two beers or the steady warmth spreading out to all of his limbs or the adrenaline pumping through him from the game but Sherlock cannot stop himself from beaming like a besotted moron at the blond boy beside him every single time a ball lands in a cup. He's certain he looks ridiculous, certain he's giving himself away entirely but he just cannot bring himself to
"Ohh," John groaned, straining his neck to watch this sensual movement, Sherlock's curls tickling his lips as he kissed his breastbone. John pushed a hand into those inky ringlets, riding the movement of Sherlock's mouth on him, unable to stop panting ragged breaths in anticipation of where Sherlock's mouth would end up next.
And before the pain can swallow him whole and render him speechless, John surges forward, grabbing Sherlock around the hips and practically tackling him to the opposite side of the bed, grinning as a soft
Sherlock huffs down at his feet, face darkening with embarrassment. "I said... I said The Sherlock will be there in a year."
So instead he gathers Sherlock's hands in his, presses his face to open palms and breathes, dropping kisses to his lover's skin tenderly as he reigns his emotion back in, attempting and failing to stop feeling ridiculous getting so emotional during a goddamn blowjob for Christ sake, his heart shaking in his chest with everything he feels so keenly down to the tips of his toes, the realization that good god is he in love with this boy and how clear it is that he'll do absolutely anything for him.
They stood in silence for a long moment, listening to each other breathe, both waiting. Sherlock watched the side of John's face, seeing his jaw clench, from anger or to keep his teeth from chattering in the cold, Sherlock would never know, but it was clear John Watson had had enough.
Shooting him a withering glance, Sherlock narrows his eyes. "Surely the fact that I've been snogging the hell out of you for the past few weeks was clear evidence of that fact?"
Up until this point, John has been nothing but disarmingly kind to Sherlock. He's been all grins and laughter and charm.
Taking a long moment to breathe, John is in the process of pushing past almost all of his anxiety for the day when another text alert buzzes against the skin of his hand before he can think of a response, the cloud he's currently floating on still inflated as he reads the message from his roommate.
He hurried through campus, knowing he was a bit early but he didn't care. He waited all week for these nights, trying to anticipate what they would talk about or what type of night it would be. He gripped the strap of his bag a little tighter as he picked up his pace even more.
However, he didn't mean to react like that. Not to the one boy who has been nice to him. Ever. The stab of guilt lingers in his gut.
Sherlock thought about that for moment then responded, "Is it considered thievery when the items belonged to you in the first place?"
"You enjoy watching people squirm, don't you?" John said playfully. Sherlock plucked the coffees from his hand and dropped them in the bin next to the door.
He doesn't know how long he runs for, doesn't know how long his feet have been pounding against the pavement but by the time he stops, slamming his back against a brick wall and heaving a breath, he realizes the cold, hard facts of his situation.
"No need to thank me," John's arm comes up to wrap around his waist, securing him to his side tightly and hauling him forward steadily. "I just want to be sure you're okay."
Another low, almost inaudible groan came from within, followed by, "Over here Mister Holmes," Bill's voice filtering through the darkness.
is that Sherlock is happy to oblige John's current fascination seeing as he's just as fascinated - borderline obsessed - with John Watson.
Swallowing promptly becomes impossible as Sherlock's throat runs dry, the praise coming from this boy somehow meaning so very much he can barely stand it. He nods, face burning with a mix of embarrassment and pleasure all wrapped into one. "Thank you," he mumbles and before he can stop himself, before he can truly think it through, he's swaying forward, stepping once, twice, just close enough to lay a gentle kiss on John's cheek.
Trying not to giggle, John fumbles his way out of the bus and up the stairs, following Greg's feet as his eyes threaten to close, heart still beating a bit faster, hoping to find another text when he gets upstairs.
The lights dimmed to almost blackness as the cheers died down and then fell silent. The entire establishment seemed to be holding their breath, John included, as the darkness engulfed them, lasting for what could only be eternity. John gripped his hands together, suspense threatening to kill him as he waited, having almost forgotten about the reason he was here.
Tender honey-covered words spill free from pink lips as a smaller but firmer hand covers Sherlock's where it still hovers low on John's person and the genius boy glances up to find blue eyes staring softly at him, calm and cool and collected, gentle and loving like always. "You don't have to do that if you're not comfortable," John whispers, a teasing grin sliding easily onto his features, easing the tightening knot in Sherlock's chest. "I can undress perfectly fine on my own."
He turns back to find Sherlock's hands buried deep in the covers on either side of his hips and his grey-green eyes locked on the ceiling. His lips are pursed so hard they're turning white and his face is practically maroon.
John chuckles, tucking his boots away and shoving his feet into his worn-out trainers. "I hate to break it to Paul but Mike is kind of right. A crush on a girl who likes girls is going to go nowhere fast."
"No," Sherlock replies again, sitting back easily on the sofa, curiosity getting the better of him, crossing his arms over his chest defiantly and jutting out his chin, wondering how long he'll have to wait until the proof is in the pudding.
They move together slowly, rolling against one another's firm body, gripping and growling and groaning as John slides in and out of Sherlock smoothly, a hand wrapping firmly around Sherlock's thigh and hitching him higher.
He'll get to spend time with John when there isn't a teacher to interrupt their conversation or a Chemistry test John needs to pass.
And then, like flashes of bright light, bits and pieces of the night before rushed back to him and he bolted upright in bed, realizing too late what a giant mistake that was as his brain beat against its confined walls in protest, pulsing sharp pain across his vision.
Sherlock shrugged. "Easy targets. Less likelihood of getting caught. Less likelihood of attacks being reported. They're most likely homeless themselves, feeling rather powerful in numbers, able to take what little these people have with ease. The attack is more of a scare tactic, although if the victim puts up a fight, like I'm sure you did, they won't hesitate to be brutal. I believe there is two, maybe three of them, traveling around the community, attacking when convenient, or when they believe someone has something of value. Money, drugs, a blanket, you know."
"Well that's Irene for you," Sherlock sighs, sweaty fingers twisting. "Bizarre and conniving and also my ride home."
"Then you'll be deemed absolutely no fun at all and we'll never invite you anywhere ever again," Mike says with a firm nod, eyes dancing with a joke but refusing to let his lips twitch.
So they continue to go about their school work and their dates that aren't dates at Sherlock's house and Sherlock attends all of John's rugby games and John waits patiently because he can tell how much more difficult it's getting for Sherlock. How much he's dying to touch John is so obvious with the way he practically vibrates when they're close, how he lingers when they brush shoulders or hands.
"And why would you care about that, John?" Sherlock railed right back, pushing, shoving John to the inevitable conclusion because they weren't flatmates, they weren't friends, they weren't bloody co-workers. They were John and Sherlock. They
thing that Sherlock needed to say at the perfect moment, at the precise time so that John knew that he meant it, so that John knew he meant it down to the very core of his being.
And John can't help the tiny squeeze he gives the boy in his arms as another wave of what may be bordering on hysteria washes over him all over again, little tingles of excited energy bursting in his cells like party poppers, making him feel dizzy and giddy and downright ridiculous, grinning so hard at the boy in his bed John is certain his cheeks will ache for days after this but he doesn't care, not even a little because this is what he's been waiting for.
The thought makes the rugby player's throat burn with an ache that's threatening to run bone deep as he racks his recent memory, carding through every touch, every kiss, every moment they'd shared in the past 22 hours, something maybe he'd missed, something showing that Sherlock didn't feel the same, that Sherlock didn't want this, that Sherlock regrets it all.
In eight weeks, once John is fully healed and is able to move about without wincing, Sherlock will have divorce papers drawn up. He will take care of everything, only needing a signature from John to complete the process, and send him on his way. He'll let John know that it was alright for him to move out - John is only staying here now because he has to. He'll no doubt feel guilty by the time he's healed.
The response is instant. John jerks where he sits, pants turning into gasps, fingers digging into cloth on either side of his hips. "
"Guys, I want you to meet a friend of mine. This is Sherlock Holmes," she says gesturing to the reddening face standing behind her. She flicks her hand at him, beckoning him closer. "Come here, you," she laughs as the boy seems to hesitate.
that walks by him. And it's not a stupid, unpleasant, gullible smile either. It's more like someone with all the confidence in the world. More like someone willing and open to any and all people, while simultaneously protecting himself, guarding his true character. To the untrained eye, John Watson is a good boy, a star athlete, a mate of all the guys, a date of all the girls. To the trained, astute observer, John is putting on a show. He's friendly but not open. Kind but not trusting. Caring but not forthcoming.
But the thought is fleeting as John's brain zeroes back in on pretty shaggy curls and sharp cheekbones and ethereal light eyes. Who cares if Sherlock can play a violin he apparently owns when he's got such striking features that John has, on more occasion than one, considered running his fingers over, aching to touch that beautiful skin and soft locks of hair. Who cares about the odd objects Sherlock owns when Sherlock all on his own is utterly
A month before they left for school, John sat down with his best friend and bared his soul. Seeing as they were about to start living together, and John had big plans for London, he felt it was only right. To his sheer relief, Mike had slapped him on the back and grinned. "Aw, you're a poof? That's adorable," he'd said, gripping his shoulder. John had gone beat red and Mike had laughed. "Hey, it's alright mate, your secret is safe with me! As long as I'm not the one you're into, it's all good."
"Yeah," Sherlock nods quickly, wishing Victor would stop asking already and move on to a new topic. He reaches for his book in his bag and feels the couch shift beneath him as another body settles onto it and Sherlock's shoulders relax, hoping maybe the worried friend game is over and they can get to work. "Alright, so which chapter did you want to work on?"
"Mhm," he determines with a nod, rather grateful that the decision is not actually in his hands as to what drink he'll be having. "Please," he tacks on at the end. Christ he needs to watch himself tonight. Best behavior, Sherlock. If this is the beginning of the end, at least try to make it last.
"Particularly?" Sherlock jabs back, partly because the teasing helps soothe the intense moment, and mostly because he has no idea how to reply.
So for five long, painful days, John had gone back and forth between aroused an terrified in the same second over and over again. He wanted everything with Sherlock, every bit of everything. But what if everything he had to give back wasn't enough?
Maybe it was a stupid thing to believe, but John had assumed once things were clear, once his feelings were made known, one he shoved his lips to Sherlock's, the adrenaline pumping through his body would ease. The tension would drain away and maybe Sherlock would pull back and nod that yes this is what he wanted, or shake his head no this is not the way he feels.
In hindsight, John shouldn't have assumed he'd be living with some sort of fantastic bloke he'd immediately hit it off with. He shouldn't have expected the best friend he'd been hoping for, shouldn't have already had several topics in mind to discuss as a bonding ritual. Really, John should have prepared for more than just a really decent guy ready and willing to be John's mate.
"You shouldn't have followed me," Sherlock bit back. "You shouldn't- this is just something I do, okay? I enjoy it, it's fun and I do it for me. No one else. It's odd, but most things I do are odd in most people's eyes so I very much don't care. But I know you do. I know you care what people think. I know how quick you are to deny that we're a couple or that you're gay. I know all that okay? So I know this will probably be the last straw for you. It's pretty simple."
Sherlock is gaping at him, eyes flicking between John's. "John," he repeats and John bites his lip, enjoying fulfilling his plans of making Sherlock forget every word except his name.
His thumb flicks over a hard nipple and Sherlock keens, arse dipping up and back as he gives little thrusts of his hips, pushing and pulling against John's dick and driving him absolutely insane. "Please, John
The unspoken word hung in the air. Sherlock watched in horror as John's lips contorted, turning white from being bit down on.
Silence follows and Mike grins a knowing little thing at John before cooing again, "Sherlock Hoo-oolmes!"
"Okay, so you're a public school brat from London," John muses, lips twitching at the affronted scrunch of his roommate's face. "Got it."
The guttural cry that spilled from Sherlock's lips into John's mouth was so fucking hot, John gave a gentle, slow twist on the upstroke, tasting Sherlock's next moan.
Even unspoken, Sherlock hears the words loud and clear. Words neither of them are ready to say yet. John wants to love him. John wants to make love to him. He's certain his heart is going to rip free from his chest with how hard it lurches to the side as he takes in John Watson's tender gaze, eyes filled with such adoration it makes Sherlock ache. He reaches a hand up to John's cheek in a soft carress and smiles. "Alright," he whispers. "Go on then."
And later that night, as Sherlock laid him down in the sheets of their bed and slid deep into his body, John forgot about the hateful world around them and focused on his own world. His own world gliding in and out of him in slow waves, whispering endearments and tender words and love, protecting John from the cruelness of real life. John let himself be taken, holding on to the man hovering above him, murmuring his own affections and promises, begging for deeper, harder, closer. And when they both came, it was just as beautiful as the first time they'd come together, so many years ago, hidden away in Sherlock's room, touching and holding and loving.
Sherlock has been forbidden to ride her. That was the agreement. He can't ride her and she can stay. She's thrown several riders off, in violent ways, cracking and shattering bones like glass.
"Don't I?" Sherlock mutters flippantly. "I'm sure it's difficult for you to reconcile the fact that you have to fund your violent fetishes, finding no willing partners to participate in your sadistic bedroom preferences while the 'freak' as you so enjoy referring to me as, has a partner who voluntarily takes part in sex with me. I can't imagine what that must feel like for you, someone you see as so beneath you actually having a healthy, stable, enjoyable relationship while you can't even get a date without one hundred quid on hand."
"You're welcome," Sherlock all but whispers with a nod and a soft smile, letting himself be absorbed into the moment that he, Sherlock bloody Holmes has just made John Watson happy.
"I didn't ask you to keep it a secret!" Sherlock rails rather loudly, alarm bells ringing in his ears to keep it down because it is the middle of the night for godsake. "I didn't ever ask you that," he says, amending his previous volume.
Even in a game of Capture the Flag, even after months of fooling around, John still gets side tracked by the gorgeous boy he's currently sleeping with.
It was a bit unnerving how content John looked in the back of the class. Sherlock had seen the utter terror on his face when he'd first approached the podium, which he had anticipated but it hadn't lasted. John almost looked… like he was enjoying himself. Like finding out his new Chemistry teacher was the mysterious man from the night that John had clearly wanted to be fucked by wasn't a traumatizing event. John looked far from traumatized. He looked more…amused.
Something brings his thoughts to a standstill, stopping his plans completely and keeping him from moving even a millimeter from where he still stands with his back to the rugby player that lives in his room.
"Sorry," John laughs, pulling Sherlock a bit tighter in, wanting to lighten the mood a bit before they fall asleep, feeling a bit off-kilter and maybe needing some reassurances of his own. "But it's alright, yeah? It's alright that I want you so bloody much?"
"Fuck off," John laughs, shoulders shaking with mirth as he shoves his wallet and phone into his pockets and reaches for his jacket. "You don't know shit." He has to admit he loves their banter, though he wishes he could see if Sherlock is blushing or not. That's his favorite part. He turns to see if he can catch a glimpse of the genius.
"He's not," John chuckles. "Well, if he is, you'll get a nice healthy dose of humiliation and fifty quid."
He immediately regrets his words as John stills beneath his touch. Fuck. They've kissed all of one time and already Sherlock is already outing himself as the pathetic virgin who knows nothing.
Mycroft's face immediately fell, pleased crinkles turning to flat out confusion, mouth falling open in shock. "Sorry?"
"Yeeees," Mike mimicked, laughing. "Come on. You can't pick up anyone in the state you're in anyway, either of you. We'll go to the club tomorrow."
Sally shrugged. "He just seems the type to take advantage, doesn't he? He totes around that tongue ring in his mouth and rides that bloody motorcycle. Seriously, what is that? Like he's trying to seduce the world but then turns down all interested parties. Not so kindly, I might add. Probably just takes what he wants when he wants it. Those types are like that. Only want it when it's not being offered. I bet he gets off on the unwilling."
"What, is he going to murder me?" Sherlock retorts, rounding on his stupid sibling, eyes round and condescending. "Then, why
"I was just saying goodnight to Sherlock," Irene lies, standing and stretching. "It's getting late anyway. Nice night for a stroll but I have to get home."
"John-" Sherlock says breathlessly. He doesn't fully understand but he also doesn't care because this is bloody
"I'll take that as a yes then," Irene smirks, watching the flicker of heated emotions play across Sherlock's features at the mere mention of his dormmate's rugby jersey.
"Oh my god," John sighs, though he's unable to resist the palm wiggling its fingers at him. "Fine. But this isn't over."
in this jersey and oh god can the ground please just open and swallow him whole because Sherlock would prefer to just die, just drop dead right here in the center of his dorm room and never ever have to deal with what comes next.
John revels in the shiver that runs all over Sherlock's body. He strips Sherlock's cock faster, listening intently to the hot, panting breaths Sherlock can't control against his ear, the young boy grabbing at John's naked shoulders.
"Sherlock?" his brother's voice jumped up an octave, concern evident in the tone, alarmed by Sherlock's soft stuttering. "Sherlock, what's going on?"
"Sherlock," he murmured, eyes locked on those ethereal eyes. He tugged on Sherlock's hands, bringing him down, needing to touch his detective so badly, needing to feel his skin and his body weight and smell his spicy scent.
John was truly not expecting that response. He had no idea how to respond. He stared at Sherlock, slack jawed, both of them seemingly trying to get their wits about them.
"Christ I could do this with you forever," John continues to talk, eyes widening down at his lover when Sherlock's mouth drops open further with every renewed thrust, "Does that feel good? Do you like that?"
"Ohh," Sherlock moans, pushing his backside into John's touch, "Christ, yes, your - your hands and your – your…"
The phone rang once and then the soothing, familiar voice came over the line. "Good evening, Sherlock."
He all but runs to the passenger's side and climbs in as John slides into the driver's seat. "Are you ready for the ride of your life?"
Sherlock shook his head and turned to exit out the back door, feeling even more pathetic then before.
Sighing heavily in resignation, Sherlock breathes softly, "He didn't… he didn't get that far but he definitely… planned to."
John took great pleasure in the fact that Sherlock had never once berated him. He'd raised dubious brows or rolled his eyes once or twice, but never did he put John down on purpose.
John pouted. "I'm sorry but don't be-mad okay? Don't be mad at m-me. Your eyes get all-" he spun a finger at Sherlock's face, "all serious when you're mad and it's too sexy. I can't take it." John giggled again. "It makes me feel all... wobbly." Mm and warm inside. So warm. Angry Sherlock was hot as fuck. Did he tell Sherlock that? He should. "You're hot as fuck when you're angry. How are you at angry sex? Amazing, I bet."
The thought sends a warm wave of pleasure through Sherlock's body and he shivers slightly feeling a little unsteady, clutching John closer and delving deeper into his sweet mouth that tastes like toothpaste and fresh water.
Sherlock nodded absentmindedly, scrubbing a gloved hand through his hair, running through his list of things he needed for an incident like this, tapping his inside coat pocket for the plasters and antiseptic he kept at all times on his person. The homeless didn't have access to things like this, although he had a sinking feeling that this wouldn't be enough for Billy. Not this time.
"What-" John whispers to the genius boy's chest, other hand rising to lay flat against Sherlock's sternum, a tiny gasp leaving either one or both of their mouths at the second touch. "What are you… what are you
Heat floods Sherlock's insides all over again as his lover stares up at him with intensity and honesty and such aching affection it's like the ice interlude never even happened, the urge to touch and taste and pleasure consuming him all over again, the world around him falling away once more and narrowing in on his beautiful partner laying hard and golden against white sheets. He swallows thickly, focusing on the way John's thumb strokes against his wrist.
Sherlock landed hard on top of him, shoving him back and away from John and slammed the stranger's head against the ground. The man groaned, hardly struggling, clearly surprised by the attack, unable to respond until he processed what happened. Sherlock straddled him, grabbed two fistfulls of his coat, yanked him up and threw him down again, hitting his back against the concrete and knocking the wind out of him.
and I don't want him getting hurt. And since you two don't seem smart enough to understand what's going on, I'm here to help. So we can sort this out and keep Sherlock safe."
Freezing for a long moment before sighing in resignation, Sherlock glances up, ignoring John's assessing gaze as he narrows his eyes in a challenging glare. "It's not a big deal."
It had been ten years. Ten miserable years since John Watson had stood on the platform of the train station, smiled at Sherlock, kissed his lips and told him he'd see him soon. It was complete crap of course, seeing as they had absolutely no idea when they'd see each other again. Sherlock was going off to uni to start his degree and John was going off to the army. They'd agreed they would write, and speak when John was able, but they didn't agree to much more. No visits. No long distance relationships. No long-term plans. No waiting for each other.
There is a knock at the door of the bedroom and John glances at it, frowning. He throws his shirt back over his head and answers just as the sound of the shower turning on fills the room.
Pinching his eyebrows together, John cocks his head in confusion. "About what?" He asks, shifting his bag slightly on his shoulder as his stomach flutters nervously.
"Oh please, you think I'm afraid of Mycroft Holmes? Give me a break," Greg laughs. "Besides, he fucking deserves it after the shit he pulled today. Serves him right. Plus, I have complete confidence that Sherlock is actually a regular person who can take care of himself and not the fragile child Mycroft likes to pretend he is."
And he barely manages not to gasp as he finally makes out a curly head peering overtop of what looks like a small mountain in the dark although it's most likely just a pillow, and John's stomach swoops at the sight of Sherlock Holmes' shadow staring at him.
They ride, Sherlock tapping John's arm when he needs to take a right or a left, but otherwise, there is no communication. Only the sounds of the powerful engine in the silent night.
sorry. He's not sorry for letting John kiss him two nights ago, he's not sorry for wanting to kiss John and he's not sorry for kissing John now.
Sherlock nods and dismounts, wrapping Balthazar's reigns around a branch near a green patch of grass for him to munch on and makes his way to Dolly and John.
"Good thing I'm crazy about him," John murmurs, stepping forward to tuck a wet curl behind Sherlock's ear. "Makes it a little less ridiculous, huh?"
John Watson didn't like Victor Trevor from the moment he'd laid eyes on him. Posh as all hell and arrogant as fuck without saying a single sodding word, John had been instantly irritated staring up into annoyingly pretty eyes and nicely coiffed hair. He'd hated the sleek eyebrow raise of a self-assured bastard, he'd hated the pulled-back shoulders and subtle posturing the boy had presented, he'd hated the too-tight clothing and rancid smell of too much cologne the bloke had obviously drenched himself in.
He takes off toward the boy adorned in red, having no intention of allowing his lover to beat him in a game of Capture the bloody Flag. He races toward the finish line Sherlock is currently only meters from and takes an impressive dive toward the running boy, one hand clutching around maroon plastic, the other catching on Sherlock's waist.
Mycroft didn't move. He blinked several times, like he was seeing John for the first time in his life. John cringed away under the scrutinizing gaze and furrowed his brow. "Mycroft?"
of having intentions for Sherlock. Like it hadn't even crossed Victor's mind that he might not get what he wanted.
"Okay. Because I don't want to hurt you," John whispers fiercely and Sherlock wonders if he means more than he says.
"Irene said it was romantic," Sherlock tries to counter, feeling a bit foolish as Angelo sneaks back over to slide the already lit candle onto the table without another word, flicking a thumbs-up to them both before disappearing as quickly as he'd come.
"John," Sherlock practically sobs, rolling his body in time with John's thrusts, sounding completely wrecked. "Do it, John. Please.
it. Two weeks and three meetings after that first morning, he'd had no further information, so Sherlock had told him to go out and get everyone drunk. John was a part of everyone. John had followed directions perfectly. He glared. Then the room tilted and he grabbed the door frame to hold himself up. Oops. "I did-I did everything you told me to." He nodded in affirmation.
I'M ALREADY SORRY BUT THANK YOU FOR READING ANYWAY! Be on the lookout for Chapter 11 in the next two weeks!
And before he's even fully aware of what he's doing, before he can bloody stop himself, Sherlock is closing his hand around the cotton and pulling it toward him, clutching it in both hands and pressing it to his tear-stained face, closing his eyes and inhaling, body overcome with the rush of pheromones and soft detergent scent and something that is wholly John racing into his system and filling him to the brim, another fresh sob escaping his mouth as he holds the jersey close to him. Like he would hold John.
He glanced at the dresser where a navy jumper sat neatly folded on top of a plaid button down, cradled by a pair of smartly dark jeans. They were clothes he'd never seen before. Clothes that were obviously brand new and somehow matched his style perfectly only far more posh then he could ever afford.
Or, well, they feel differently about the 'fairy' or the 'freak' or the 'fag' in tights and ballet slippers, twirling his way around the school in his tutu and his glitter and all the other gay stereotypes they can think of.
"Sherlock, I realize the coincidence of my significant other's teammate becoming your roommate is difficult for you to comprehend, but the truth of the matter is that is fact. I like to think of it as a happy accident." Mycroft sounds smug as all hell and Sherlock
"Woah," he breathes, hands coming out just in time to steady himself on John's shoulders, curling around the shorter boy's frame slightly. "Sorry," he mumbles with a giggle, but he doesn't remove his hands, not yet, not when he can feel John's strong muscles shifting beneath his hands.
"Oh right," Greg chuckles, glancing back over to the man whose hand he's still holding. "Mycroft, this is John Watson, one of our newbies on the team this year."
"You were with Sherlock when we formed it," Paul waves his hand dismissively, expectant gaze still on John. "Besides, I told you everything that was going on."
And even if Sherlock may have been some of those things, John was certainly not. John wasn't odd. John wasn't different. John didn't
Sherlock arched an eyebrow. "Gain trust. Get the others to believe you are harmless and well-meaning and a good friend. Get them drunk, for all I care. Just get them talking. When they aren't speaking directly to you, listen very carefully during meal times and locker room conversations. Anything may be significant. Anything unusual, even if very small, you must report to me. Understood?"
like he hadn't spent the day before running five miles and cleaning the entire mansion he lives in from top to bottom in an effort not to bloody think about what is about to happen.
All he bloody asked for was one day a week where he could go and spend some time with the boy he had it bad for, flirt with him and tell him he's brilliant just so he could see him blush. Was that so much to goddamn ask of this world?
With effort, they managed to lay him out on his back, tucking a pillow under his already sleeping head. Sherlock righted himself, tugging his shirt down and glanced up to find Lestrade gaping at him incredulously.
"Yes!" Sherlock railed, throwing his hands up in exasperation. "You're so hell bent on not needing anyone's help-"
"I...I do but..." Sherlock trails off, running a hand through his curls. He has so many concerns. He's only willing to verbalize a few to his friend. "John, what if... what if they don't actually like me? What if it's just a weird 'from afar' thing. Like what if he -
But when he realized he quite literally never thought about girls, and had a minor panic attack when a rumor when around school that one of the more popular girls fancied him, he started becoming rather curious and equally terrified. He did some vague research online, cold sweat dripping down his temples the entire time, panicked one of his family members would walk in on him, irrationally worried that some sort of alarm would go off on his computer to announce he was looking at gay information, then promptly deleting his search history. Like everything online, it was mostly people fighting over how to know if you're gay or not and if it's right or wrong.
Sherlock creeps along quietly in the morning fog, breathing in the smell of the morning dew and the calm of the just risen sun, birds singing softly in the distance.
So, the fact that not only did he get exactly none of it this morning, but said genius boy is exactly nowhere to be found and, quite frankly, John Watson is a bit put out.
Sherlock leaned back in his chair, clasped his hands over his sternum and narrowed his eyes. He needed to end this. They were treading in unsafe waters and Sherlock needed to stop it. No matter how much he was enjoying it. He wished he could tell John he was doing this for his own good.
He couldn't quite help himself with his parting comment to John, though. Just to see those giant blue eyes dark with desire one more time. Pure ego-boost.
And this being his last summer here before completing his thirteenth year and heading off to university only meant he truly had to make these ten weeks count.
baby if you keep that up, I… I won't- guh-" The last words are cut off as liquid fire swirls in John's hips at the touch of Sherlock's thumb to the head of John's cock, dipping into the wet spot along his pants.
He catches little snippets of warm words being murmured to him as he empties his stomach again and again, trying to vomit quietly so he can hear exactly what John is saying to him in his wonderfully lulling tone.
"I can't… talk to anyone?" Sherlock breathes in reply, eyes hooded and dropping to John's lips as he speaks, heated breath puffing against John's face.
Every head in the room turned toward Professor Gibbons, whose eyes were glued to his computer screen and didn't seem to have heard a word of what Sherlock had just said. John almost wanted to laugh. He pressed his lips together tightly.
At long last, he forced himself to move. John was simply kissing someone. He wasn't in any danger. He wasn't being hurt. Snogging some random person wouldn't ruin his life. He'd be fine.
"So you got back from... was it Afghanistan or Iraq? Doesn't matter, point is that you got back and what? Didn't bother to call me? Let me know you were
"I told Mycroft you like him," John replied, eyes searching through the crowd for curly dark hair and pale skin. John could practically hear Greg's eyes bulge.
does Sherlock feel urgent, a desperation edging all along his skin as John's wet frame surges against his with still such gentle
It's impossible not to laugh at the display in front of him which doesn't win John any love from Paul who huffs and turns to go. "Whatever," he gripes as he makes his way toward the door. "You both are arseholes."
John stared at him for a moment longer and then rocked up on his toes, reaching for Sherlock, and Sherlock met him halfway, laying gentle, chaste kisses on his lips and cheeks and jawline. John whimpered softly, wrapping his arms around Sherlock and burying his face in his neck.
Panicked, John stepped toward Sherlock's sleeping form before thinking, his mind racing. Was he bleeding? Was it someone else's blood? What happened? From the angle his was at, there were no visible wounds on Sherlock's back or side. He was facing away from the door and John padded around the bed to the other side hurriedly and there, drawn down the side of Sherlock's abdomen was a thin, dark red cut, as though someone had taken a sharp object and dragged it down Sherlock's perfectly pale side. The blood from the wound was smeared like it hadn't been washed or taken care of and it was difficult to tell how deep it was from the mess around it.
"Do not apologize for someone else's behavior, John. It wasn't your fault. If anyone should be doling out apologies, it should be your sister."
can such a small touch set every nerve in his body singing like it does and a shiver accompanies the little breath that also happens to open his own mouth.
Mycroft Holmes stands strong and important beside an idling black limousine car in the empty parking lot next to the field, leaning on a tan bamboo handle of a long, neatly folded umbrella, looking quite professional in a three-piece pinstriped suite, the chain of a pocket watch dangling just so from the buttons of his vest. He does actually look the part of the British government quite perfectly, drawing an uneasy prickle along the back of John's neck as Sherlock's words ring in his ears.
The word is hoarse and quiet and somehow still wrapped in such emotion, the single syllable snuggling itself into Sherlock's heart and spreading to define every fiber of his being and he stays still for just a moment longer to revel in it, enjoying the shiver running rampant in his veins, enjoying the way the word wraps around him like a cozy blanket. A short finger tucks itself beneath his chin and lifts, bringing his face upward toward the bright shining light that is his beautiful partner.
Sherlock wrinkles his nose. "That has got to be the worst consolation prize in the history of consolation prizes."
"Hey, I'm bisexual," John says, throwing his hands up in front of him as if to defend his point. "I was simple asking."
That thought didn't scare him like he figured it should and he took off toward the door as calm as he could manage.
Sherlock pulls back and fixes John with a hard stare. "John," he says incredulously. "I may be a virgin but do I seem the type to not tell you if I don't like something?"
Irene grins wickedly, reading his features like an open book. "You blush like a precious little child when you're being teased," she chuckles by way of explanation. "It's adorable."
He steps around Sherlock and walks briskly back to the car park. Sherlock stares after him, unsure of how to proceed.
"Yeah yeah," Mike rolls his eyes as he tugs his black team jacket on adorned with his last name and number on the back. "You're bringing Sherlock tonight, right?"
"Love," John tries again, leaning down to press his lips to the crown of Sherlock's head before murmuring softly in his ear, careful not to touch any other part of him, unwilling to break the spell just yet. "Why don't you want to go dancing with me?"
The corner of Sherlock's mouth twitched, threatening to turn into a full-blown smile, eyes crinkling at the corners as he slowly eased into their familiar banter. After only several weeks of working together, this had sort of become their usual thing. It always took a moment to get into but once they were there, it was like magic. John's heart did a victorious spin, overly thrilled to have initiated a smile on this beautiful boy's face and gotten them on a roll.
John's worried face falls into something soft and tender, affection beaming from his cherub-like features and he presses a kiss to Sherlock's forehead as the boy beneath him catches his breath. "I'm sorry, love," he croones. "I didn't mean to overwhelm you."
Sherlock felt his brain going into standby mode. Luckily, his body knew the way home and he walked toward his flat on autopilot. John walked quietly next to him. If Sherlock were more alert, he would have noticed John's constant glances and arm spasms as though to catch him at any moment.
The shirt was slashed clean down the side underneath one of the arms, the tattered fringe of the rip hanging loosely around either side. The smear of red darkened as the shirt unfolded, blotting down either side of the torn fabric, seeping out ominously.
Wrapping his lips over his teeth, Sherlock glides downward, swirling his tongue in the process, savoring the taste of John's pre-ejaculate on his tongue, reveling in the fact that John is currently in a state of panicked bliss because of
Sherlock grinned for the first time since they started this conversation. "It's more then alright," he said softly. He laid a chaste kiss on John's lips and whispered, "It's perfect."
Giggling against soft and now very familiar lips, Sherlock wraps his arms around John's neck and holds him close, tasting his newly cleaned mouth and soft tongue, licking along the backs of his molars. John deserves to be thoroughly kissed on Christmas under the mistletoe and Sherlock is all too eager to make that happen. He settles in for a long snog, his heart pounding in his chest as John's hands run all over his back.
And before Sherlock can even attempt at an answer, John is tugging those tight jeans down Sherlock’s long legs and then his tongue is swirling around the crown of Sherlock’s cock, teasing him by licking down his length now and John knows he’s only expecting a blow job at this point so he is quite delighted at Sherlock’s gasp of surprise when he turns him to face the wall and nudges his legs further apart, giving him better access so he can really reduce Sherlock to
Warning: Copious amounts of alcohol being had by all in this chapter. Just a heads up. Everyone is technically of age based on their location (UK) but just a heads up in case that bother anyone!
John sort of understands that. Their relationship is rather odd, but most things regarding Sherlock are rather odd.
"And this was before we decided to…?" John trails off as Sherlock nods, the beginnings of a smile curling the corners of his mouth. "And you really didn't sign your name?" John teases, grinning full-on now.
Warmth turns to heat immediately in his belly, goose pimples prickling the back of his neck as he shifts in his seat, replying with shaky fingers.
John could only nod, unsure what the hell to say in response to that. The Sergeant's phone dinged and he glanced down, eyes widening. "Precious time my arse," he mumbled down to his phone.
It's not some big secret, he knows everyone seems to know he has yet to be deflowered but Jesus to just bluntly say it? Out loud? To John Watson of all people?
"Ah," John nods, settling back in his chair, as though perfectly at ease. "I see. Just mold. Not Walter. Just a fucking pile of toxic chemicals that could kill us. No big deal."
John's hands all but flew to the collar of his black t-shirt, tugging it up and over his head. His two round dog tags fell free from the wrap of the fabric, hanging heavy at the center of the long chain they dangled from, settling against his breastbone. His bare chest sat at the perfect height to Sherlock's mouth and Sherlock took advantage, planting an open mouthed kiss on John's chest between the chains, laving his tongue against the warm skin of his lover's body. John moaned, pushing into the touch, tossing his head back as Sherlock moved to one of his nipples, taking it between his teeth and tugging.
," Link said dramatically. "My dancing would definitely get me some action. Someone would absolutely take me home for the night."
I do have a quick question: would you guys like me to respond to your comments? I can never decide. I always want to but then some people like to simply quietly leave a comment and be done with it… and some like to hear back. I'm torn. You guys are wonderful and I hope you know how grateful I am for those precious comments that make my day every single time...Am I over thinking it?
Why is he nervous? Not only has he been snogging the gorgeous rugby player who is currently waiting for him on the other side of the door nonstop for weeks, but he's also been
He hardly heard Anderson screaming at him during practice. He barely registered Mrs. Hudson then berating Anderson for screaming.
"It's a Holmes' trick," Greg laughs with a shrug. "They're completely brilliant, both Mycroft and Sherlock. Like, scary smart. Like attending the poshest of public schools and getting the highest marks in each of their classes smart. But I think Myc has decided to handle it a little differently than Sherlock has. He's less… abrasive than his baby brother. An equal show-off but a bit more interested in getting along with 'ordinary' people as he so lovingly puts it, whereas Sherlock has 'no time for idiots.' Quite tactful, the Holmes' brothers."
Stomach rolling at the implications of his mother's words, Sherlock shoots a panicked glance at his flatmate, who is currently assisting in the clean up and not reacting at all to Mrs. Holmes words.
He'd been hoping they were over this by now. Hoping against hope that Sherlock understood now, could see clearly what was going on between them, could comprehend exactly what he meant to John Watson, but apparently that's not happened yet and while it threatens to break John's heart just a bit that this perfect boy still does not understand his worth, it also makes one thing perfectly obvious.
"Such grace, John Watson," Mycroft's cool voice came from above him. "I won't tell you again to leave."
Sherlock has been tutoring him for several weeks, receiving one note a week and, stupidly, telling John about all of them.
The biggest problem was how difficult it was for John to forget. The initial shock had scared him off but now… now he was thinking. Thinking about what would have happened if he hadn't fled. If he'd stayed. If he'd…
He simply drifts until Anderson either stomps off or gets sent home, and Mrs. Hudson doesn't say a word as she opens the gate and lets Sherlock ride Balthazar out into the open.
's falling from his lips as he lets John kiss him all over, long fingers wrapping around John's where they lay against pale cheeks, clinging to him, letting himself be soothed.
John slides in and folds himself over Sherlock's back, settling his hands on either side of Sherlock's elbows.
"Yes he will," Sherlock says, and Balthazar trots toward the low wooden beam. "Come on," Sherlock mutters. "It's the lowest one. You can do it, come on now."
"You work at a café?" Sherlock tilts his head to the side, glancing up and down his new friend. He hadn't read that on him before now. No stains on any clothes, no bags under his eyes, no hurrying off to catch a shift-
Sherlock shrugged. "You were there. You heard all the things I saw." He raised an eyebrow at John. "And I abhor repetition."
"Things one should know about when rooming with my little brother," Mycroft mutters as John slides into the backseat, Mycroft following along behind and gliding into the seat with similar grace as Sherlock, John notes, the car much roomier inside than John had originally thought it would be. He's never been in a limo before. Although besides the space, this one is rather unimpressive with just a square of backseats outlining the interior, no minibar or televisions like those he'd seen in movies. He shifts to sit along the further side of the half-square so he can look almost directly at Mycroft without straining his neck.
And just as he's about to do that, just as he's about to toss one last longing gaze in his roommate's direction, attempt to silently apologize for being a right prat, a harsh, though now familiar, hand comes down on his shoulder followed by a loud belly-laugh.
It was a fair response to Sherlock's blows but it still stung all the same. "Good to know," he responded coolly. "I suppose I should just faff off now, yeah? Leave you to your world where you don't care about me at all and-"
"God yeah," John whispers fiercely, hoping his tone conveys enough to comfort the concern. "You clearly don't know what you do to me, Sherlock Holmes."
What's worse, Sherlock soon realizes, is that all of these people he doesn't know seem to know John.
John whirled around in time to see a curly head popping up over the branch, smirk already in place, green eyes twinkling with mischief.
So Sherlock had been right. That still didn't answer the question of why the rugby team leader let the geek walk away from a planned pummeling.
The team is slowly breaking apart, practice clearly coming to an end as a few of the boys holler their goodbyes to those still in the midst of after-practice tackling and Sherlock suddenly feels exposed creeping along the path and watching with undisguised fascination. He shuffles his feet slightly, attempting to break his trance-like stare and avoid getting caught outright ogling.
"There you go, love," John croones, stroking him through it, unable to keep the filthy words he's been thinking from escaping his mouth. "There you go. God, I can't wait to fuck you, Sherlock. You'd like that wouldn't you? To have my cock inside of you? Fucking you hard? You'd like that, wouldn't you, baby?"
John turns back to Sherlock, cock jutting obscenely from his body. He smiles, his features soft and gentle.
John is getting angrier with every word. "You've been home for a week. You don't leave the flat. Why are you here all the time?"
"Really," John challenges, stepping just out of reach until all he can clutch is Sherlock's outstretched hand and he spins him in place, draping his arm over Sherlock's shoulder and pressing his front to his partner's back, heatedly breathing against the base of the genius boy's skull and dropping a wet lingering kiss to his skin, firing lighting heatedly beneath his skin. "Still not dancing?" he teases, settling his hand to Sherlock's hip and swaying them slowly to the bass in the background, fingers lacing with Sherlock's against the genius boy's chest, settling his hips to rest steadily against the curve of Sherlock's plush arse, the beat vibrating between them until it's impossible to tell where one ends and the other begins.
"Alright, Genius, how about I do what I like with the floors in my Mind Palace, hm?" John snaps as Sherlock giggles. "It's not like you'll know anyway."
Ah. There's the competitor John was certain lay within that snobby exterior. "You don't even know me," John growled.
For one, the boy was obviously starved for physical attention. That was clear by the race of his pulse when Sherlock had placed his hand on his cheek. John hadn't noticed Sherlock's pinky finger settling over her carotid artery, gaging his reaction.
Link didn't reply, just shook his head and stared at his paper. John glanced around the class. He caught a couple other small groups of people pointing wide-eyed at the paper in front of them and fear registering in their features. So this Holmes guy was well known. Maybe he
John catches his elbow as he's on his way to toppling over, pulling him up to his feet again and laughing. "Careful there," he smirks, dismounting in one swift, practiced, perfect motion. "Wouldn't want that pretty face of yours getting dirtied up now would we?"
John stared blankly for a second. Of course. He would see him next week, in class. That seemed like an obvious thing for Sherlock to ask seeing as he didn't seem to be one to waste time asking trivial questions.
Sherlock resisted the urge to grin and instead nodded once, spinning on his heel toward the car still waiting at the curb.
He hurried back to the room, wet flannel and bandages in hand and carefully sat down next to Sherlock on the bed. He hesitated for only a moment then, very gently, he pressed the cloth to Sherlock's side.
"Of course you don't," Sherlock growled, reaching for his bag as though he had much better things to do then explain anything to stupid John Watson. "Rick's is a homoerotic lounge. It's tailored to gay men to come and have a drink, maybe bring a date and enjoy a little erotic entertainment. My act is one of many."
The implication infuriated Sherlock. "I'm always smart," he bit back. Why was everyone suddenly assuming Sherlock was an idiot? Simply because he was in love? The idea was rubbish.
And where had he steered off that perfectly laid path he'd set for himself so long ago? When had nightly dinners and frequent touches and university parties of all things come before that?
His furious steps falter slightly, entire frame seeming to waver as he realizes exactly what that means to his current worldview, what it'll mean to the routine and the plans and the bloody
"Sherlock," John finally says and the genius looks up at him and just like that it's like John has read every single one of Sherlock's thoughts. "What did Anderson say to you this morning?"
Or at least, that's what Sherlock thinks he's saying because by the time he hears the last words, he's completely asleep.
Straightening as quickly as he can and shaking himself out of his reverie, Sherlock goes about gathering his chemistry notebook, patently ignoring the fact that his face has completely drained of color and his neck is hotter than Hades, praying to god that Irene doesn't notice or see-
However, as John pushes into him, eyes locked on his, murmuring soft encouragements and stroking the hair back from his face, Sherlock can't be arsed to care about much besides John's beautiful body becoming one with his, bringing them together in the most intimate of ways. Sherlock can
The source of his anxiety suddenly sits up in his bed, now-light-blue-eyes piercing John with a stare that sends a small shiver down John's back.
Taking a step further into the dark. Sherlock fell silent, listening for Bill's foot steps which had seemed to cease, but had been replaced with a soft moan. Sherlock's stomach swooped in panic as he glared into the dark crevice, trying unsuccessfully to see where the sound had come from.
"And I love you," John agrees, voice softening to a tender whisper, kisses calming to soothing waves of pleasure.
What had been most fascinating was when Sherlock had turned his attention to Mike, John's pulse had begun pounding. Could have been due to fear for his friend but he hadn't even looked at Mike. He hadn't moved an inch. So it was panic that the attention was no longer on him. Worry that he wasn't Sherlock's priority any more.
And so now as they sit across from each other, Sherlock perched at his desk, goggles strapped to his face, pouring a greenish liquid from a beaker into a clear test tube, John can't help but watch, as has become his norm in the past few days, utterly enchanted by the crazed scientist that is his roommate.
The crimsoning of Sebastian's face is immediate and the rest of his cronies give nervous laughs around him, knowing they shouldn't be enjoying their leader's embarrassment but unable to help themselves. Pathetic lot, all of them.
treatment like this one, yeah? Or that one behind you? Not everyone gets money and food and phones and a nice little room to live in, now do they?"
"God yes," Sherlock interrupts, dipping his head to capture John's lips again in a searing kiss, attempting to find the heat they'd been sharing only moments ago. "Yes to all of it, John."
. He's sharp and funny. He's kind and caring. He grins and giggles and beams and doesn't let Sherlock get away with anything while simultaneously letting him get away with everything and Sherlock is slowly descending into madness. Real madness. The kind of madness you can't ever escape.
John took off, storming through the crowd, pushing his way to the man who'd hurt him so much only a week ago. He hadn't seen Sherlock since the incident and he was mad as hell. He'd been waiting, just waiting to see him again to give him a piece of his mind.
"Mycroft, apparently," John teased with an unsure smile, watching as Sherlock's mouth dropped open. "Who apparently must be great at sucking-"
And then Sherlock is cursing himself for not taking that breath properly because the half breath he'd just taken is promptly knocked from his lungs at the sight of his boyfriend standing in the doorway and pinning him to the spot with his gaze.
And though he knows full-well that the term of endearment is a common one amongst British people, a meaningless term plenty of people use to greet their friends and family whenever they like, it doesn't seem to matter to the heart beating wildly in his chest.
gently, careful not to jostle his shoulder as the rugby player rolls onto his right, and Sherlock crawls in beside him, worry frays his nerves just a little as John pulls him close but even still it feels so damn
are lovely," John murmurs, eyes closing at their own accord and humming as a curly head bumps up under his chin. "Now hush, I'm sleeping."
"Mate," Greg's voice had softened abruptly, and John glanced up to find his friends eyes crinkling in concern. "Why don't you just go for it? Just put it out there. You're miserable around here, and now this shit with this Victor guy? It's crap, John. You deserve better than this. Go see Sherlock, yeah? Just go and tell him how you feel."
Sherlock didn't respond. Instead, he latched his lips to John's neck and sucked. John's fingers tightened in his shirt, biting back a moan. Another marking was fine by him.
They don't discuss their closeness, they don't talk about what it means, and they certainly don't acknowledge that anything has changed.
"Oh, love," John murmurs, gaze searing into every inch of Sherlock's skin it takes in, drawing the hairs of his body on end, gooseflesh rippling out from under his skin. "My beautiful,
John hadn't laughed that hard in a long time, certain he'd stared at his roommate with giant hearts in his eyes for the remainder of the night, silently adoring him and his insane brain deleting 'useless' information because he was just that intelligent and just that ridiculous.
Victor turned to respond when the editor's office door swung open, revealing Sherlock Holmes bundled in a green scarf and his belstaff, sweeping out of his office in long strides. He didn't so much as glance in John's direction, making a beeline for the door. John ignored the disappointed swoop in his stomach, physically restraining himself from running after. He hated so much that he'd missed his opportunity to talk to Sherlock today, already dreading the following Sherlock-less days ahead.
He tries to listen over his heavy breathing for the sound of footsteps coming his way, closing his eyes and bracing himself for the inevitable. When he hears nothing, he chances a look, peering around the corner into the open hallway.
"And you're rather keen on me, aren't you? You like my looks, that much is clear, and we get along just fine. Well, that's settled. We need to clear your mind."
"How many more, cap?" one of them dares to ask and even from here Sherlock can see the blond's face darken.
"Hm," Sherlock agrees with a grin, continuing away from the spot, though storing the information in the back of his mind for later, and trickling his hot breath down, down, down, chin grazing over a line of blonde hair as he moves lower. The hairs are so soft, curling slightly at the tips and Sherlock hovers over them, feeling them brush against his skin like gentle tendrils, imagining every part of his lover's body straining toward his touch.
Sherlock marched to the beat of his own drum. Hell, Sherlock made the drum himself. He worried not about how others viewed him, how anyone treated him, barely hearing the teasing and the sneers the other boys at school called. He was who he was and John secretly loved that about him. He loved the abnormal Sherlock seemed to possess and surround himself with. The possibilities he carried with his every step.
Leaning in to steal another kiss and stroke another cheek and press just a little closer, John continues on like he hasn't just devastated Sherlock's entire worldview, like his words shouldn't have any effect on the genius boy, like he hasn't just said the loveliest thing Sherlock has ever heard.
Holmes' lips twitched. "Oh that's quite alright. In a span of ten minutes, you became the most interesting person on this base."
The door closes and Sherlock breathes a sigh of relief. Apparently, his beating will be for another day. At least he won't already be in tears when it starts.
"I am going to deliberately and methodically murder you in your sleep, you intolerable, meddling, sadistic, arrogant,
To John's shock, Victor actually faltered, eyes widening at the taller man. "I- no," he murmured. "No problem."
Well, for Sherlock it had. John, being two years older, had given a rather impressive lecture about how Sherlock was so young and how John didn't want him to do anything he didn't want to and how they should wait, they should wait, they should wait...
as meticulously as he'd surveyed John only minutes ago, John notes - and furrowing his brow. "We'd be dead. Therefore, you couldn't kill me, not only because you wouldn't be alive to do so, but because I wouldn't be alive for you to murder. It's obvious-"
He can't help it. The laugh slips from his lips before he can stop it, barking out sharply at his ridiculous roommate, grinning as Sherlock grins right back. "I'll try to remember that for next time," John giggles, shaking his head fondly at that beautiful boy sitting at his desk chair. "Anyway, I need to go grab dinner still, is Indian still-"
"Mm, looks like that next time is now?" John growls against Sherlock's ear, licking against the cartilage delicately and grinning in delight as a shiver races down Sherlock's frame.
The quickness of the replies stop there and John sighs, disappointment squirming in his stomach, wanting nothing more than to keep having a meaningless conversation with his roommate, feeling giddy and happy and better than he has all day long. He fiddles with his phone a moment longer before dropping his head back against his seat, feeling profoundly foolish for needing a simple text message so badly.
