So yeah, I’m still mostly for my main theory presented initially, but I thought about the “unconscious” theory and to me, the only thing that would send Sherlock’s thoughts so oddly out there would be him being on drugs or sleeping.
John was very good at commanding attention, Sherlock had mused to himself. Seeing John glowing with happiness and his beautiful eyes sparkling in mirth did many things to Sherlock’s stomach and his libido, constantly reminding him just how much he loved this man.
“No, it’s… it’s good. Very good.” John pulled Sherlock up by his elbow, supporting him to ensure Sherlock could stand okay. He picked up the plush bee and handed it to Sherlock, who held it strategically in front of his wet trousers. He was very thankful that John got it for him. “How about we head back, have some dessert in the room?” John waggled his eyebrows. “I heard from the front desk that the store next door has iced lollies to die for.”
, since Sherlock is nearing the end of his character development arc. That in-of itself is NOT why I think EMP doesn’t work for this. I went into a lot of detail about John in point one, but I’m going to add a bit more here in relation to this topic. ‘
. You’ve essentially created a world that doesn’t exist nor jive with the characters in the real world
when needs must, and I think, with practice, he is able to fool both Mary and Sherlock. Whether or not we actually see it is another matter. I am all for a mini-episode, though and with how very little modern bits they
John beams at Sherlock like he’s the most precious thing in the world. “Oh yeah? That’s fantastic, Sherlock. And I think that’s a great idea.”
Sherlock looked at John and his face broke out into a huge grin. His John was so smart. What a brilliant idea.
Except he’s not, and suddenly Sherlock is sad and confused and thinks John has replaced him with Mary
Secondly, I want to thank everyone who said that this theory makes “the most sense” in context to the special. It means a lot to me to know that I’m not totally off the wall, hah hah.
Great stuff inevitably-johnlocked and miadifferent. I have been on the same track of thought as you both
. Than Sherlock might start muttering…. “Moriarty” … “grave”… which will eventually lead to John and Mary checking the cemetery, while Mycroft stays with still unconscious Sherlock.
call Sherlock a freak when he starts deducing said doctor’s life story; marvels at his deductions of the Pink Lady; finds out about his prior drug habit, gets kidnapped by his over-protective brother, invades the doctor’s personal space and that same doctor
, it becomes clear that a lot of the major clues and hints to anything come in groups of three; one more deduction than we were expecting; the universe is rarely so lazy.
We the audience know, however, that Sherlock’s intentions are a lot more deeper than trust, BUT JOHN DOESN’T KNOW THAT.
The fidget cube sat forgotten in his pocket, only touched once when Sherlock pulled it out an hour later, plopping it back onto a table as he walked by it to go get his coat to head to the shops.
Mycroft tells Sherlock to find something to calm himself down, he then closes his eyes and is suddenly running down a set of stairs. I believe this is evidence of him entering another mind palace within his mind palace – literally going DOWN STAIRS to a second level of his mind palace
occurred in his mind palace? Sure, the parts we know are happening in there. The bolt holes convo doesn’t work for Sherlock’s eventual reveal to John if it’s in his head, and same with the meeting with C.A.M. being set up. It all links up, especially if you believe Mary is a villain.
I really had to sit down and think to write this, because for the life of me I have a very hard time understanding John Watson. He is one of the most complex characters in the programme. As well, I relate more to Sherlock’s character than I do John’s so I just really have a hard time writing about John.
The sudden thought of John’s morning stubble rubbing against his inner thigh while John is sucking him off slams into the forefront of his mind, and how the feeling made Sherlock go off in less than thirty seconds. Sherlock sniggers to himself – he wants to do that for John, too. With that thought, he decides to put on some lip gloss as well – John had often commented how sinful his lips were, so he figures there is no harm in encouraging that thought in John’s head. The gloss was tinted a soft pink, which made his lips even more prominent. Satisfied, he plucks a couple of his more wayward eyebrow hairs, and proceeds to their bedroom to put on one of his suit ensembles, choosing the aubergine shirt he knows John loves.
put yourself in John’s shoes here and think about how I believe John may have interpreted Sherlock’s words in the diner scene. If anything, this soft admission at the end of
Sherlock can only nod as a burst of warmth floods all over his body at the praise. He pulls off the oven mitts and sets them aside. He proceeds to cut John a large helping and puts it on his plate, then cuts one for himself. John reaches over and pours them each a glass of wine while he waits until Sherlock sits down. John then enthusiastically takes a bite of the pie – a loud, pleasurable moan follows that sends a shiver up Sherlock’s spine.
and it’s no wonder he ends up beating the shit out of a CIA guy who threatened his not-housekeeper-but-might-as-well-be-his-mother because
“You don’t understand,” Sherlock pouted, suddenly losing interest in his plans for the day. “John gives me everything, and I give him nothing. I can’t even ask him properly for a kiss.” Sherlock really needed John here, right now; he felt like it was already all over.
I think Sherlock’s time away made him realize the value and importance of friendship and love, which is why he lets John have his space upon returning.
As for the frozen trio within Baker St… Without seeing the scene before this happens, we can’t say if they were looking at a client or not. I checked the trailer and it cuts right to Sherlock saying “A moment”, and then it panning back across the frozen scene. You are correct. Until we have more info, I can’t say whether or not they are also interacting with the scene along with Sherlock.
Something that’s always struck me as rather curious is that Sherlock would think that an army doctor – one who served Queen and Country in an elite military group – would be unable to keep Sherlock’s return a secret. John is a DOCTOR
Sherlock is a terrible kisser, John thinks with fondness, but he doesn’t mind in the least. It’s endearing, actually, because Sherlock’s enthusiasm is making up for it, turning his head this way and that as best as he can from his reclined position, sometimes missing John’s lips all together and sucks on the corner of John’s mouth at one point. John giggles at this, which causes Sherlock to pull John’s head away so he can look him in the eyes again.
“Bah,” Sherlock replied, moving his hand to squeeze John’s that was in his hair. “Words are boring. People that aren’t you are boring.” Sherlock huffed. “Best be off, or I may have to keep you here forever.”
I believe some of the modern bits may have been filmed as red herrings OR for future sequences, which is why I’m only incorporating the ones I can LOGICALLY fit into this theory. I am open to other interpretations.
scene, to me it seems John is more staring at the door, and following Sherlock’s thought patterns. He knows Sherlock the best after all, and is probably imagining his own scenario similar to Sherlock’s
. The forgiveness scene then doesn’t make sense if Sherlock “never wakes up” because I am NOT seeing it as genuine forgiveness. I see it as PURPOSELY PUT THERE TO SHOW THE CONTRAST BETWEEN
“Oh, Sherlock, the mess you’ve made!” John said as he bent down to pick up Sherlock’s discarded dog, which gave Sherlock a nice view of John’s tight arse in those shouldn’t-be-fucking-sexy-but-they-are trousers.
? So Sherlock won’t shoot Magnussen? Then whatever Mycroft and John have planned won’t be ruined? I like this.
Said man sighed heavily to himself, his eye twitching, hidden from Sherlock’s view behind the newspaper John was attempting to read in his chair.
Sherlock’s fidgeting slowed, and he inhaled a deep breath through his nose. He played with the switch on the cube. That one always felt like he was turning off the dark thoughts and the
would have never happened. I think something may have happened to John in his past involving a romantic relationship with a man
. This is not that meta, but I thought I would write about this anyway because… what else is there to do on a lazy Sunday afternoon when it’s -30˚C out? This was just supposed to be a silly gifset, but as y’all know, I can
used by the writers for visual exposition and for demonstrating how Sherlock sees the world. It’s not an “answer to all life’s problems” device. Look, here’s the thing: Season 3 is the
John walked up alongside Sherlock, still with his stupid cheeky grin and holding the corn dog up close to his lips.
,” John stated, emphasizing part of the last word deliberately, lowering his voice, petting at Sherlock’s curls. He bent down to Sherlock’s ear, “off of all kinds of meat sticks.” John pulled back, looked Sherlock right in the eyes, tugged at Sherlock’s hair gently, licked along the length of the corn dog and tongued
John ordered one for himself, and asked Sherlock if he wanted one, who nodded. John took the two corn dogs and handed one to Sherlock as John put the tip of the dog in his mouth.
“John!” Sherlock called out just as John was making his way to the door. John turned, his eyebrow quirked. Sherlock pointed to his lips.
Perhaps we should start gathering information about the dates and years we have seen in setlock. We know 1894 and 1895 are confirmed years in the special. Six months in real time could easily equal several years in Sherlock’s mind palace, depending upon how often he is drugged up. I’m going to say maybe 2 months or so. I’m not sure how long a gunshot wound similar to Sherlock’s would take to heal, but it would need lots of meds to keep the pain down at the start, anyway.
from John’s own mouth, albeit offhandedly. It’s an episode where Sherlock is learning about sexuality, romance, and their fluidity. But Sherlock is confused possibly by these strange things he’s feeling for John, so at this point in the overall story I don’t think he really knows what
Sherlock’s eyes look off to the side, as if he’s choosing his words carefully. He sighs heavily, then looks up at John again. “Because it’s true.” Sherlock gestures to his broken foot. “This happened because I’m a stubborn fool who does things without thinking it through…” Sherlock gulps heavily, “and because I want to impress you.” Sherlock’s cheeks colour a bit, trying to hide it by sitting up a bit so he can sip his tea. “The only reason I even went to cast it is because you told me to.” Sherlock picks an invisible fluff off of his own shirt sleeve. “Left to my own devices…” Heavy breath from his nose. “I’m lost without you, John.”
happen in the mind palace either. It’s Sherlock’s brain, he can imagine it however he wants. But it also needs to be OUT of the “imagination” too, because, like I said in the main meta, it cannot be a fantasy kiss.
WAITWAITWAITWAIT!!! HOOOLLLDD EVERYTHING.  DOES NOONE REMEMBER THE PART WHERE THE PLANE IS LANDING? WHERE SHERLOCK IS CRYING??
If your interested, here’s what I’ve written about the shspesh being a mind palace thing and not a stand alone episode: (
“Oh, well, we wouldn’t want that, now would we?” John pets Sherlock’s arm as the other settles over his shoulder.
The look Sherlock gives John can only be described as ‘horrified’, his fork hovering in front of his mouth. A piece of celery falls off and back onto the plate.
Sherlock refrained from trailing his thoughts to the lusty things John liked, like the mole on his neck that John liked to suckle at… he called Sherlock’s moles his personal map to Sherlock’s erogenous zones…
too much detail put into these very clever theories for it to actually be the solution to everything.
are the two posts I’ve written about it, so do check those out as they go into more detail about my thoughts on this topic. But in a nutshell here’s what I’m viewing it as: There is no collectively agreed-upon “start time” for EMP. I’ve seen EMP theories that push it as far back as
only confirms TO JOHN that yes, Sherlock was following John around for two years and let John think Sherlock was dead. We’re never really told how much of the truth Sherlock let John in on, and I think that this is Sherlock’s own half-truth… Let John only know the barest of facts to protect the people Sherlock loves.
, apparently, as I took over 5 months before I answered this question so that I could learn more about John.
One more thing I’d like to point out is something that I have had on my brain since before I started my blog. I mentioned it in a
“Sherlock, you do it everyday just by being here and by being yourself around me,” John assures softly, wrapping his other arm around Sherlock’s shoulder. “This… you doing this is incredibly romantic and thoughtful, Love. You know that, don’t you?”
showed us Sherlock’s. Like I said in point one, I just cannot make sense of Sherlock coming to a conclusion about
John’s Sideway Smile #129 nearly ended Sherlock on-the-spot as John walked back to the table, bending down to peck Sherlock on the lips and scratch his head again. “You’re such a silly git,” John said, scratching lightly at Sherlock’s scalp.
John’s no longer dating anymore, just basically accepted that he pines for Sherlock, an unattainable person in his eyes. John has put Sherlock on this ridiculously high, god-like pedestal, which I think John feels is safe for him because that makes Sherlock unattainable and therefore John doesn’t need to fear that he will fall in love with him.
So, to answer if it’s weird how you think John feels, not at all, Nonny! It’s how you read the character, and no one person’s reading is correct or incorrect unless proven by canon! If we all read the characters the exact same way, there wouldn’t be all the fandom shipping and whatnot. It’s my belief that we are dab smack in the middle of one large series-long relationship story arc, so we really don’t know what is really in store for our heroes
He stares at John like his eyes are scalpels, wishes he could crack open John’s skull, and John stares right back, inscrutable, unreadable, unpredictable, and normally Sherlock likes this about John, that he’s sometimes as opaque as stone, but right now it’s infuriating, because he’s brilliant and radiant and high and John is ordinary and normal and Sherlock should be able to know what he’s thinking, but he isn’t.
Sherlock finds that he has nothing to say to that, and he’s saved from having to come up with an answer by Emma calling them into the tent to film the judging.
“This is completely insane,” John says, but he’s smiling, genuinely smiling, and he follows Sherlock, sure-footed and without hesitation.
Sherlock hesitates. “Are we friends?” he finally asks, quietly, unsure, not at all his usual overconfident self.
Still, he can’t suppress a smile, and he knows his amusement shows in his voice. “So what is this, then?” he asks, even though he can probably guess.
He’s halfway to the clinic when he realises he was supposed to meet Sarah - he checks his watch - an hour and thirty minutes ago.
“I know.” Janine sighs. “But some of us actually work for a living, Mr YouTuber, and I can’t just tell my clients that they need to wait for their contracts because their solicitor needs to bake cupcakes.”
John raises a hand, interrupting him. “It’s fine, Sherlock. Really. It’s all fine. Just, let’s keep this professional, all right?”
Contrary to Holmes’ family opinion, John is, in fact, not an idiot. He’s a doctor; he can diagnose himself, thanks a lot. He knows he’s suffering from a rather serious case of adrenaline addiction, which is the cause of half his problem of readjusting to civilian life. And it doesn’t exactly take the world’s only consulting detective to figure out that if you’ve been shot in the shoulder, a limp might be psychosomatic.
The contestants are staying in a large, cozy house with several guest rooms and a shared kitchen and dining area. The contestants all scatter on arriving, and Sherlock goes to have a much-needed shower. He peels off his disgusting socks with a deep sigh of relief and washes off the sweat and flour and rain.
Sherlock feels his cheeks stretch into what he’s sure is a slightly silly grin, but he can’t seem to stop smiling. He might get out from under his brother’s thumb and John is waiting for him at home. A good day.
“Was he trying to get free footage for his supervillain audition?” John mutters under his breath at Sherlock.
“Wow,” John breathes and looks around the room. Sherlock watches him as he walks around, checks out the large refrigerator, the shelves and shelves of home-made jams and marmalades, of different types of sugar and flour, spices and condiments.
“We could do it together?” Sherlock suggests. “I found the preciseness of the recipes helped with my anxiety a bit.”
I think Sherlock, with good intentions, believes he is doing John a kindness by not needlessly worrying him by revealing that,
when Sherlock joins in on John’s and Sarah’s date. At the time, I’m sure we thought nothing of it, just Sherlock being Sherlock… but now that we are three seasons in and know so much more about the characters, I believe that not only was this an attempt at Sherlock allowing John to deduce things on his own
not fully defeated, and John is still in danger, regardless, and therefore Sherlock will not allow himself to initiate a relationship with John.
, so honestly whether or not they ever meet Mary really becomes a moot point then. She’s still there in some capacity;
Oh, John, not yet, but it was a sure thing within the next 2 minutes, Sherlock guessed, if John kept playing with Sherlock’s curls like that.
“Okay,” Sherlock said warily, eyeing the picture of what appeared to be a Twinkie on a stick. Which didn’t make sense because it smelled like hot dogs and corn bread… OHHHHH. ‘
I think it’s safe to say that somehow there will be a third time both of these phrases are either mentioned or referenced on screen. Entering headcanon territory here, but I’d like to think it’s going to be the two of them speaking each other’s lines:
And if it is proven to be the “correct” theory, then I will honestly be surprised and happy for each and every one of you meta writers, because you have seen something that I still struggle to see no matter how I look at it.
Oh well. Hope this is still an interesting read for y’all anyway. Thank you all for being so nice and supportive :)
, Sherlock thought to himself. He hadn’t forgotten at ALL that it was Date Night – it was to be their first together as a couple – and Sherlock had been researching for three days in secret to make it the best and most romantic Date Night for John ever. This included calling up all his old, dusty files in his Mind Palace on John’s past dating endeavours, as well as obtaining a new identity as a teenage girl on a dating site's message board dedicated to dating tips and what they thought was romantic first date ideas.
John’s soft chuckle and utterance of “amazing” in regards to Sherlock in response would resonate in his mind palace’s John Room™ forever.
This is fantastic work. Wow. Very well done. @silentauroriamthereal and I were discussing earlier if the entire special is a MP sequence. I am under the impression that it is, and it gives me hope that you theorized we may see a bit more of the Tarmac scene.
. And because John didn’t think the truth was kinder, Sherlock hesitated telling John the truth about the Fall
The only reciprocation we have yet to see are the hug and the knee grope. Granted the latter was under inebriation, the hug was not, and JOHN made the first move. Sherlock is then surely soon to be reciprocating that in a big way.
. If we knew nothing else about the show and are only judging based on how out-of-context the gifs are, one might conclude that Sherlock tells the truth.
It has to be this. Mofftiss is not lazy enough to say: “we want to do a victorian Sherlock, let’s do it without care if it fits in the story.” No, i’m sure they didn’t make it on “it’s own bubble” that’s just no the way this show works. Also there’s this Mark Gatiss’ tweet saying something like: “Don’t worry, it’s episode 10!”  It has to fit in the story, somehow, and this is the theory that makes more sense.
I also think siblings play a big role here. Sherlock has been trying to be like Mycroft, but he has recently booted him out of his Mind Palace in favour of what John has to teach him
“– face again, Sherlock,” Sherlock caught John saying, clearly having tuned John out while he was silently brooding. “I know you don’t like it when I go to work, Love, but I need to do it for me.” John stopped in front of Sherlock and put his hand on Sherlock’s head, which sent an immediate jolt to his stomach, the butterflies immediately making Sherlock forget about his brooding. He sat up taller to push his head into John’s palm. He looked up, and saw John’s sympathetic smile directed at him. “It doesn’t mean I want to be away from you, Love. I just like helping people. Just like you do.”
, Sherlock only finds out about Irene because he followed John, yet later in the episode Sherlock casually remarks to Irene that
To ensure she has an exit out of the series that will be looked upon more favourably, the writers have made Mary a villain – we are not supposed to root for her in a typical “hero” story.
other than he’s sad and depressed and to reinforce to us that he can easily go back on them. TPTB reintroduced the idea that Sherlock is once again taking drugs. After the gunshot and him almost dying again after the confrontation at Baker Street, what’s to say that he wasn’t prescribed some pretty strong morphine to keep him from doing a runner again?
Sherlock had been setting the candles around the room when John had texted him that he was on his way to the Tube station. The bubble of anxiety was pushing its way back into Sherlock’s stomach, so he walks to his cube and flicks the switch on and off a couple times. Satisfied, he proceeds to the fridge where the pie is now waiting to be baked. He switches on the stove to the proper setting, and places the pie into the oven. He closes the oven door with a flourish, sets the timer, and nods to himself. John would be home in 45 minutes; that would give the pie plenty of time to aromatize the flat and to bake to perfection.
“I know, Sherlock,” John says, pulling himself upright, which cause Sherlock to shift practically into John’s lap given his reluctance to let go of John’s neck.
But let’s ignore that for the moment, since the most popular of the theories subscribe to EMP occurring either immediately after the gunshot
I’ve seen some very convincing meta, some that have made me second guess my reading of the show. But within the current narrative, which is what I
There is a tendency to make Sherlock and John opposites who fit together perfectly. While Sherlock needs to realise he is *not* Mycroft, but equally good, it makes sense for John to see the ways he *is* like his family, who he has seemed to have written off completely as dysfunctional. Sherlock doesn’t have to subvert huge parts of himself in an effort to be like Mycroft
Sherlock’s hands reach up for John’s head, pushing it away from his own head. John is confused for only a moment until Sherlock’s head falls further down his chest and Sherlock pulls John to his own face, lips crashing against each other at an odd angle. John grunts a startled
Great additions. Mary as the ghost of the original stories who just up & disappeared when she was no longer convenient. I don’t think this Mary will go down that easily.
John raised an eyebrow, grinned devilishly, and started suckling the tip of the corn dog. “Mmm,” John hummed. “I do like a sweet meat stick.”
We all have different interpretations as to what is to be considered “canon johnlock confirmation”. For myself, it will be not necessarily the first kiss, but it will be some form of intimate interaction be it forehead touches or eskimo kisses, which, I’m going to be honest, I think will be more likely than an all-out passionate heat-of-the-moment kiss
know that she believes John; she may have her own ruse set up and is using John as the pawn in the long game, but until we see S4, we can logically theorize that she believed John and is tickled pink that the source of John’s distractions is being exiled. Do I think John knew what was going to happen at Appledore? No, at least not entirely
and there’s no way he wasn’t affected in some way by Sherlock’s deception. In my opinion, I think Season 3 was one of the best seasons
Sometimes filming is done out of order and they didn’t expect the fandom to be so dedicated as to examine all the finer details, and in turn they had to take precautions on what they post on social media pre-episodes.
We know this series loves its parallels, so I found this one: John claims, on-screen in canon, “I’m not gay”
“Muh,” was all Sherlock could say as he took the toy from John and gripped it tightly. The look of fondness on John’s face just deleted any chance of Sherlock being able to hide his feelings anymore today. “Thank you, John,” he breathed out, holding the plush tightly to himself, trying not to cry as John put his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back and led them away from the stall.
. I think the trip was a pre-planned thing between John and Mycroft for John to gather some intel about Mary. Then Mycroft just *happens* to arrive there to pick them up
So this is just something that came to me as I was putting together some gifs for another meta I’m working on that oddly enough sort of ties into the theme of lying and deception in
To drive the stake in even deeper, John is actually really hurt by the fact that he believed Sherlock, of all people, trusted John explicitly. Remember, from John’s point-of-view, this scene at the diner comes across as Sherlock feels he can’t even trust the singular man who killed for him – his “I’ve just got one” friend!
Sherlock loved John so much; he loved that John knew exactly how anxious John’s leaving every morning made Sherlock. “Mm,” was all he hummed in response. He decided to not put up much of a fight this morning; John’s Smile #563 was the '
“Sherlock, what’s going on –” John starts as he pushes open the door to the flat, a crinkle accompanying the movement –
hope I’ve sort of either answered any questions you had or continued along the same point that you were trying to make. I tend to get
UGGG. Thank you for pointing out this GLARING MISTAKE IN MY THEORY – Sherlock actually says he’s a high-functioning sociopath
, I think, and that will come to the forefront in S4. I talk a bit more about this point in point #5.
I know that these gifs are far from compelling evidence of TJLC, but I find that they tie into the Episodic Bible of TJLC rather nicely: Sherlock discovers he’s in love – something a sociopath is apparently not capable of
. To continue, Sherlock has come to realize that hiding the truth from John wasn’t so hot either: it got him tackled twice and a head butt to the nose, and drastic measures had to be taken to ask for forgiveness. So now what? Lying completely
upset that he didn’t verbally return the sentiment. But then again, John was incredibly skilled at hiding a lot from Sherlock – in fact, it took Sherlock seven years to figure out John loved him, and that was only because John
It’s the middle of the night when he comes back to his room. He meets nobody, meaning the few of his neighbours who actually occasionally check that he’s still alive are all asleep. Nobody around to stop him, then. He half wishes there was.
Sherlock nearly flinches as Irene seems to almost speak his thoughts aloud. “I hope you don’t have any intention to find out,” he says, trying to sound idly curious, and as if it doesn’t bother him at all, the thought of Irene touching John. He hates himself a bit for it, but the mere thought makes his hackles rise.
It’s evening when he arrives, and he doesn’t go straight into the main hospital tent, he hovers on the outskirts, hoping to get a glimpse of John, to have some kind of idea what he’s walking into.
The contestants minus Moriarty are sitting around the dining table, most of them in various states of undress. Mary’s wearing a revealing tank top and yoga leggings, Janine is in a grubby jumper and worn jeans. Irene looks perfect as always, she even renewed her make-up, offering a sharp contrast to Molly, who’s in pyjama pants, slippers and a thigh-length jumper. Mike and Neela are both wearing sweatpants and giant hoodies. John is wearing the oatmeal-coloured atrocity that Sherlock peeled off him last week, and Sherlock tries not to think about how the wool felt when he fisted his hands into it.
“Had to try, I suppose,” John mutters, then turns around to Sherlock, who’s leaning against a tree, white as a sheet.
Mycroft also knows how to play the system. He’s like a spider in an intricately woven net of power and connections, nothing overt, nothing flashy, no titles, but for all intents and purposes, Sherlock knows that if Mycroft wanted to go to war with New Guinea, then to war with New Guinea they would go. Mycroft commands resources Sherlock can only dream of, and he got into this position not only because he is more brilliant than everybody he meets (though he is), but because he knows how the system works and how to use favours and information and observation to devastating and exhilarating effect.
Then John rolls up his sleeves and starts making biscuits. Sherlock joins him at the counter a few minutes later, starting on his second batch of the mini-quiches.
The tactic is mostly the same. Get in, get evidence, hand it over to local authorities that aren’t corrupt -finding them is sometimes more of a challenge than the actual infiltration - and get out. The cover varies, mostly on account of the information they have been able to gather on the organisation, and Sherlock’s level of proficiency in the language. Sherlock speaks 22 languages, and reads 13 more, but the difference between speaking a language and being able to sound like a native speaker is the difference between life and death in scenarios like these.
Slowly, carefully, he separates the eggs and makes a vanilla base. He caramelises some sugar and crumbles it into the souffle base, then he slowly, gently, carefully folds in the stiffened egg whites. He should do a video about what happens when you stir egg whites too much.
For a while, they watch each other silently, and John, as usual, has no idea what’s going on inside Sherlock’s head. Then Sherlock says, gently, “John. Go home.”
“Hm.” John looks at the woman again. “Has anyone talked to her friends and family? Was she mentally ill, maybe?”
John just nods and lets Sherlock go ahead into the forest. Not for the first time, he wishes he was even half as sure.
John shivers. “I can’t,” he says, looking at his hands, unable to hold Sherlock's gaze, his voice rough with emotion. “I can’t. She… I can’t.”
A few words about this recipe: You don’t need butter for the dough. And you don’t need to do anything to the Powidl, just put a spoonful into the center of the dough and you’re fine. You don’t need to add sugar or cinnamon, it’s a waste of time, the Powidl is good enough on its own.
John goes back upstairs to deal with his patients. He’s selfishly hoping for a hellishly busy day so he won’t have to think about any of this for a few hours.
John leaves and promptly returns, and Sherlock is embarrassed how relieved he is when John switches on the bedside lamp and helps him drink the water, when he sits down on the edge of Sherlock’s bed once the glass is empty. “How do you feel?” John asks, and by the way he scrutinises Sherlock, he seems to know the answer.
John thinks, looking back at Sherlock, and for a moment their eyes lock and John feels his face heat and his pulse pick up, and at the same time he’s petrified, because he’s not remotely prepared to answer that question.
Afterwards, they walk along Baker Street and into the city, ducking into alleys and taking short-cuts until they arrive at the jewelry store, as John knew they would. He knows by now that Sherlock can't let a puzzle go unsolved.
He concentrates on his dough, but the deep zen feeling of baking refuses to slip over him today. Maybe it’s the heat of the headlights. Maybe it’s the cramped studio. Maybe it’s the pressure of making five perfect bakes in six hours.
Mrs Hudson tells him, and some of the elation leaves Sherlock, because it isn’t nearly so challenging when it’s a part he’s done before. He and Mycroft agreed he’d only take parts that challenge him artistically or would look good on his resume, and this will do neither. Baker Street Theatre is too small to get him any prestige, and he made it a personal rule not to do anything twice. It’s difficult enough not to get bored during rehearsals as it is. On the other hand, it’s early May and he starts rehearsals for his project at the National in early August, and he’s got nothing on in-between, partly because he was supposed to be in the US until the end of June, but the project he was supposed to be doing fell through.
Sherlock turns around and tries not to be amused, tries not to find John charming and funny and oh so very attractive with his soft button-down shirt and his well-fitting jeans and fails on all three counts.
another person’s body this close. But he definitely wants John’s body close, closer, much closer, all over him.
Reluctantly, John concedes the point and gets to his feet. This time it’s him reaching out and grabbing Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock’s surprised for a moment, then closes his fingers around John’s.
John would really like to argue. But in truth he can barely keep his eyes open, he badly needs a change of clothes, and every bone in his body hurts.
Harry shrugs and looks out at the slow-moving traffic. “She didn’t want him to. She always said he was the one who had the brains to be anything, do anything. She said he’d finally be the one to get out of the fucking council estate.” Harry snorts a humorless laugh. “Well. He got out all right.” She shrugs, and when she speaks again, Sherlock can hear the sadness in her voice, “She died when he was sitting his GCSEs. Hit us all pretty hard, but he was devastated. Dad sold off every moveable piece of the bakery and let the lease lapse. It’s a fucking Tesco now.” There are tears in her eyes, and she wipes at them angrily. “Fucking hell.”
John sits back down and looks at his hands, and Sherlock knows that he’s trying not to smile, and that in turn makes it difficult for Sherlock not to smile.
Essentially, two of Vienna’s most famous cafes fighting over who has the right to call their Sachertorte the “Original”. The story is a lot more complicated than John let on, but long story short, Sacher won, and if you think that this doesn’t matter, they outsell Demel 2:1 when it comes to Sachertorte. But I do think the jam in the middle version is better, so good for Cafe Sacher, I suppose. (Full disclosure: I have never been to either Cafe Sacher or Cafe Demel, because they're super expensive, plus Cafe Demel is really
“Yes, of course I want you to come back with me,” Sherlock says, and he hates himself for the barely hidden desperation in his voice. “Come on, John, adventure, you and me against the world, just like it used to be. We can have this again, we can have our lives back again.”
He stopped, hearing the blasts of gunfire all over again and despite being safe, curled around his lover further in their bed. His breath hitched with each bang which resounded in his head, fingers twitching as though he was picturing pressing the trigger himself.
Atop the hay in the first basket laid boxes. Decorative. Matte black with shiny leafy patterns wound around the corners. They were filled with tea, all sorts of tea, and fresh coffee beans and tiny little bottles of flavourings for the coffee.
He turned it over, lifted the flap, pulled out a white card and opened it- entirely too pleased with the turn of events the morning had taken.
John chuckled and sat down, deciding that he’d play Sherlock’s game. His words had almost brought tears to John’s eyes. Sherlock wasn’t much of a lyricist usually; John wasn’t used to such levels of sentimentality.
“Yes,” Sherlock said with a wry smile, beginning to answer the question which followed before it had even fully left John’s mouth.
Sherlock blinked in surprise. He didn't want to keep the cat. It was just that he'd passed the box on his way home, and he didn't think that even he was heartless enough to leave the poor thing to meet it's end on a cold London street. He'd meant what he'd suggested about giving it to Mrs Hudson- he'd decided that would be the best course of action on the way home and it simply hadn't occurred to him that she mightn't want a kitten.
“John, I didn’t...” A long pause. Too long. Irretrievable. He had no choice but to continue. “I didn’t mean to hurt you, John.” Far too unnecessary, he knew that the words held no weight.
The blonde, for his part, was staring back, face blank. Eventually, he blinked, came back to himself, and positively roared, “WHAT. THE BLOODY FUCK. HAVE YOU DONE. TO MY GODDAMNED KETTLE?!”
Miraculously, John had let it go. Had allowed the half lie. The hurt may not have been meant, but it was ever present regardless and nothing could be done to retract it. A different tactic, then.
"That's a..." John trailed off, anger evaporating as he stretched out his hand to stroke a fluffy cheek. "Well it's not a rat..." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Kitten. I don't intend to keep him. I thought Mrs Hudson might like the company?" John chuckled, shook his head. "I think she'd like the company, but I'm not too sure she wants it in the form of a cat..."
His room, which housed, in fact, more of Sherlock’s things than it did John’s. Things the detective had bought or leant or given or gifted to John whenever he was in need. Things he had, on occasion, had to break before John was willing to accept the replacement. Things which were never anything other than wonderful, gladly appreciated, and cherished. Things he made use of, and loved, and which made him smile- just having them there.
“‘Tell my Emmaline-‘ He begins. That's his girlfriend. She's pregnant, he keeps the ultrasound picture in his pocket. And it hits me, this was his last tour, he'd be going home in a month, and now there's a little girl without a daddy, and a woman without her lover. ‘Tell my Emmaline... No little girl of mine's wearing pink, a'right? She'll wear khakis like her Pa, kay, Johnny? Tell her I loved her, yeah, tell her about the picture, in m’pocket.’
John would always want Sherlock to live. Always. He would always believe in his living, even when faced with the truth of his death, because it had been made plain that the truth was often rather more of a lie than it seemed, when it came to his own mortality. He would go on checking his pulse, assuring himself that his love was living and breathing and vitally alive, and he would never, ever accept the end of him.
“Pulses lie, John! It isn’t hard- to control it, with practice, if you know how. It’s technically complex, but by no means impossible, provided you’re fully aware and anticipatory of risks and other such divergences from planning. You’re a doctor, John, you should have-” and this time it was Sherlock who ran out of oxygen, who simply couldn’t continue to shout any longer without another breath. Once more, the tables turned, John’s voice filling the empty silence Sherlock’s had left behind when it had ceased, although this time it was less of a yell and more of a plea. Words cracked in two beneath the strain of simply
He simply didn’t know. And the not knowing caused him no small amount of distress, drove him helplessly down to the floor, long limbs curling and carrying him down, where he curled on the wooden boards in sorrowful aching self pity.
“Oh, as a matter of fact, Doctor Watson, I believe I have a heart condition, cancer, psychosis, fatal lacerations and major concussion.” He scowled. “My leg. Blatantly. It’s merely sprained, I’m certain of it, I need nothing more than bindings and painkillers.”
He shifted to sit up, looking around the room. A thermal flask of tea sat on the bedside table, steam rising from the small hole in the lid and winding up towards the ceiling. He smiled gratefully, sipped it, and hummed in pleasure as the hot liquid slipped smoothly down his throat and warmed him.
The ribbon fell aside with a sharp tug, the paper loosening immediately. It crinkled with every brush of tanned fingers, revealing the wicker box beneath, lined with white cotton. The box could be reused, time and again, for other gifts, or for storage of papers or soaps or socks. A thoughtful detail, if unnecessary. It had been filled, loosely packed with fragrant hay, which smelt warm and grassy and sunny.
"I take his pulse, because it's habit, and I somehow hope that he’s fine, there's been a mistake, and it hasn't ended quite like that, but he's really dead and I wonder how I'm not, because after all we're in the open now and I've been a sitting duck for the past ten minutes.
“‘Thanks, Johnny boy... No'... Not got long, now, John... Stay, won't you, mate?’ And I nod, and he doesn't say much else, just mutters nonsense, really. Then he whispers, and it's a wonder I can hear it, but he says it. ‘Tell 'em, Johnny... Bye, mate... Cheers...’ and then he's gone, and I... I..." He trailed off, hadn't noticed the tears on his face. There was a long pause, longer than the rest, whilst John gathered his thoughts, composed himself some.
Hell. It was hell. It never, ever stopped, so much noise, all the time, and here, here it was endless. Endless streams of maddening-
“We get back to the compound and I can hear the shouting. I run to the hospital- it's where I'm stationed, at the moment. We go on cycles, the medics. Four teams, twenty of us to a team, and within that twenty we take shifts, on-duty medic, off-duty, on-duty reserve medic, on-duty reserve front line, off-duty. I'm in reserve- it means I don't need to be there unless there's a raid, when there's more injuries, when I'm needed, and I'm half way there, and my superior, he stops me, grabs me by the shirt. ‘You're needed on the front.’ I don't even question it. But it's bad- if there's been a raid, one enough for all this fuss, but they don't need the reserve medics? Too many dead, too many injured bad enough to be taken out, out to the hospital in the city. We must be thirty odd men down, and there's only a hundred and fifty odd of us anyway. So I'm running back out, to the 'copters, to go into the village." A brief pause here, whilst John wetted his lips, nodded, as though checking with himself that what he’d said so far was right.
“There’re two lads playing cards. Jonathan- he's barely a man, just nineteen. He keeps losing, can't see that Davies is bluffing. He didn't learn poker till last week, he's still a kid. No clue." He opened his eyes briefly as he trailed off, but their bedroom contrasted too starkly with the images in his head- Afghanistan as he’d seen it, through his eyes. His lids flickered shut again, and when he began to talk once more, the words came unbidden as he built the war for him, for Sherlock, letting him see.
He opened the wardrobe, and was faced with another note pinned to his favourite jumper, along with a white rose. He grinned, hurriedly tore open the envelope and began to read, stood in his boxers, water still dripping down his chest.
John tensed a moment, his fingers clutching clumsily at Sherlock’s hipbones. He closed his eyes, getting himself under control, sighed as he slowly relaxed. It didn’t take a moment to bring the memories to mind, and then he murmured, voice raspy. "It's hot. Hot and dry, and my throat hurts. I'm coated in sweat, everything aches. I'm not ill- haven't been ill, not since I was sixteen. My shoulder moves freely, doesn't hurt. Completely uninjured, aside from the odd scratch and scrape. That’s to be expected, like, with where I am, everything that’s happening. My hands are steady...
“I’ve never been particularly superstitious. It lacks logic, and terms like ‘luck’ and ‘fate’ make me want to hit something... But I’ve found there are certain things that bring me comfort.” He smiled slightly. “Woollen jumpers. Roses. And the number two. Many people choose that, as their lucky number, you know. Two. I’m not sure why, though there is an appeal. The appeal to me, in this case, is the final meaning of those two roses that you’re holding, John. There’s a meaning associated with two roses.” He hesitated, cocked his head to one side as he looked John over, assessing. “Two roses, twined together... Like the ones that you’re holding... They mean ‘Marry me.’”
Tea. With his tea. To make tea you need hot water- you need a kettle. And John only ever makes cups of tea, with cheap teabags, because it’s a distraction to get up and make tea, means he can have more breaks, stretch his legs, better than a pot, only he’s never had-
John smiled, "Gosh, you're a pretty puss-cat... We'll have to get you to the kitty cat shelter. I hope whoever takes you home gives you a better name than Smidge." The kitten mewled, and started to knead his claws into John's jumper, pulling out loops of wool in the process. John chuckled again, held out his hand, loosely curled into a fist and the kitten stretched to rub his cheek over John's knuckles, nudging at his hand until his fingertips rested in the fur on the top of his head. Sherlock reached out, tentatively mimicked John's loose fist. The cat nuzzled at his hand, then lifted a paw. Sherlock immediately tried to withdraw, instinctively fearing a scratch, but John's gaze met his. "Its fine, 'Lock. He's just saying hello." Sherlock stilled, and the cat patted at his hand, claws retracted.
"That's where it stops. Really that's where it stops… In real life, after that, I'm dead; and then I'm not dead and I'm alive but broken, but it's fine... In the dreams... In the dreams, I'm not dying, and I don't understand how I'm not dying, because there's not even any blood left, and I look around, and there's... Everyone. Absolutely everyone. They're all dead. Nick and his Emmaline, and Andrews and Bennett and all the rest, and then there's Lestrade, and Dimmock and Donovan and Anderson and Stamford, and Molly and- And you're there, and you're breathing, but dying, and I can see you clearly, know exactly what it takes to fix you, but I can't move, and you're begging me.
“You didn’t.” Didn’t die. Didn’t leave. Didn’t break. John didn’t know either, but the not knowing is a familiar feeling for a Watson: genius not being a family trait, and so when he joined Sherlock on the floor- kneeling in such a way that threatened to set his leg off again, so he could be close, rest a comforting hand on his partner’s knee- he went willingly.
This is unbeta'd, as it is dedicated to my darling beta, Nat. You're the Watson to my Holmes, Nat, and I believe in you. I think perhaps, some of this may be just a little familiar. It was, after all, mostly written during a two and a half hour flight that I wish I'd never had to take, following the best weekend of my life- that was bound to have just a hint of influence. I'd gift it to you, if I had the slightest inclination of how to go about doing so. You'll be unsurprised to know I don't, and as such, this is the best I can do. Happy one month, you idiot. <3
“Because it looked difficult.” He chuckled, rolled his shoulders again, pleased to find the ache there conspicuous in its current absence.
“More than I’d anticipated... It was... Even I thought for just a moment, that maybe I wouldn’t-...” Wouldn’t what? Return? Survive? Function, without his blogger, his doctor, his
“We're waiting, and it's routine. Out the 'copter, splitting out, I'm captain and I've four men. Four men beneath me, assigned to me, but we're a team. We know each other, well. There's Nick, and he's still my right hand. Points out my flaw when I tell them to hide, behind this wall, it's dry stone, and they've got grenades- not proper ones, badly made. They're full of shrapnel anyway, and he's right, the dry stone shatters far too easily, and so we move where he suggests. It's this house, barely more than a hut, but it's a good vantage point. Doesn't offer as much cover, but it’s enough and it's less likely to just crumble under attack.
“The blood's spreading, we're soaked with it, and I know he's right. Getting him out of this is wishful thinking. ‘Alright, mate, go on, spit it out.’ He laughs, and he's crying too, and he drags me down, pulls me closer, so it takes less effort to talk.” John took a breath, chewed on his lower lip, and this time when he spoke his voice was a little different, a little tighter, tense, pained.
“And then I can't any more because it hurts, it hurts so bad, and there's nothing else, nothing else but how much it hurts, and the praying isn't working because I'm dying, I have to be, I must be, I'm a doctor, I know when someone's dying, and I can hear my pulse and it's so fucking slow. The adrenaline's good for nothing, now, it's killing me faster, pumping my blood out of me and onto the sand even quicker, and-" He broke off, heaved a breath, stopped to fight the slow, sickening roll of his stomach at the memory.
“Praying to me, not to God or anyone else, to me, because it's my job to save you, and then you're shouting, screaming at me, and then you're dead, you're dead and bloody and then I'm dead too, but I'm trapped, I'm alive in my head and then... Then..." He swallowed again, choked back a whimper. "Then I wake up, and I can't move, because I'm trapped in the blankets and I think, just for a moment I think it's real, that I’m dead and alive all at once…”
Sherlock's face fell into a pout. ("I didn't pout, John. I don't pout. It's undignified." A pout spread across those perfect pink bow lips as he spoke- years afterwards.  "Yes you do, and yes you did, and yes you are. You definitely pouted! Now let me get on with telling Greg, okay?") And he mumbled, "It's not for an experiment, John! I found it, is all."
John chuckled, tucked the card in his pocket, and spent the journey gazing out the window, trying to figure out where they were headed. The taxi appeared to be circling, taking winding backstreets, and it didn’t take long for John to realise that Sherlock was buying himself time. Eventually things became more linear, and the car pulled up outside The Regent’s Park. The cabbie turned round, held out a small blue envelope, and then a rose with shockingly blue petals. “Mr Holmes left these for you, Mr Watson.” John took them, opened the envelope, pulled out the card.
John shook his head in amazement, thanked the cabbie, and climbed out, watched the car drive away, before heading into the park, twirling the rose between his fingers. He followed the familiar paths, until he came to the entrance of the rose garden. Laid on the path, was a pair of roses, red and white, stems twined around each other. An envelope lay beneath them, red this time, still dry, though the roses were coated in shining raindrops, as was the floor. He bent to pick up the flowers and the envelope, and then stopped on a nearby bench to open it.
“How did you do this, from that?” He gestured to Sherlock’s foot, then to his own form, content with the self deprecating nature of his joke.
“Oh?” John’s brow raised, a comical replication of Sherlock’s earlier expression, but somehow questioning, rather than amused.
“... You want a demonstration?” Sherlock’s face morphed from relaxed indifference into a subtle flirtatiousness, accompanied by a coy, knowing smirk.
A brief thought on darkness as an anxiety drug, and then another press of lips- this time at the shorter man’s temple.
Well this started life as part of a roleplay, and things escalated from there rather quickly. As usual, all characters belong to Gatiss, Moffat and Sir ACD, who I'm sure would hate be for all the things I've made his boys do.
A foolish promise, perhaps, but the words which preceded it... John had been driven to check, himself. To lay warm, tanned fingers on a cold, pale wrist, and see for himself what he believed couldn’t be disputed.
- Jam. He likes jam, too, for breakfast, with his tea, and so Sherlock ought to get some. Some tea. And some jam. And the kettle. Now, probably, if he could only figure out which aisle-
“There's sand. So much fucking sand, it gets every-bloody-where. I’ve not been free of sand for a year and a half- I take it back with me on leave, in my clothes, my bags, my hair. It seems ingrained into my skin, honestly, you can’t get rid of the damn stuff. It feels like you’re breathing it in almost, and I suppose that’s what makes my throat hurt and everything seem so dry.
John- On the horror of relieving the not-dead-dying twice in one night, on the overwhelming gratitude that Sherlock seemed to inspire in him a little more often than was strictly necessary, on the warmth emanating from his genius.
Sherlock swallowed against the realisation- what he’d known, resolutely known with the kind of certainty he usually reserved for more important things which were rather less sentimental, such as the guilt of a serial killer or the location of the key to the lock which hadn’t been opened in more years than he had thoughts in an hour. Something he was impeccably sure of but hadn’t fully comprehended the significance of.
“It’s surprisingly simple. Physics, really. Some of it takes more coordination than you’d expect, but it’s not so bad. More simple than swing, for example. No lifting anybody or catching them. More difficult than ballet, flat foot. About equivalent to Pointe. I usually practice them together, actually, do pole en Pointe, but I can’t perform that way, so I was practicing the shoulder mount barefoot, misjudged the dismount, automatically came down as if on Pointe because that’s how I’m used to coming down from a dodgy trick, and...” He shrugged, and then looked mildly surprised at how easily words had flown from his mouth- and even more surprised when he realised he’d been gesturing, demonstrating the moves using his hands as best he could. He paused a moment, then murmured. “I should have probably broken my toes, or my foot, but... Caught myself, so...”
Sherlock swallowed, the gentle, calming stroke of his fingers becoming more insistent. “Here. Here.” He didn’t even bother to frown over his own repetition, just drew the trembling doctor down into his arms, sandy head tucked just barely beneath the detective’s chin, resting heavily against his shoulder. Each quivering breath kissed Sherlock’s throat, drew it’s own sympathetic shiver from the brunette’s own form.
He sipped the tea thoughtfully, humming to himself. Yes, he’d play Sherlock’s game, though he’d do it in his own time. He hadn’t realised how long he’d sat there, until he tipped back the cup and no more tea flowed into his mouth. He chuckled, shook his head at his own silliness and got to his feet- leaving the pair of roses and notes on the table, before showering quickly, and then strolling through to pull on clothes.
“I ask, Sherlock, for one goddamn thing! For the things in this kitchen to be clean. You can experiment on the table, keep bloody heads in the fridge, do what you like- But I want fresh tea in a clean cup and food that’s not full of acid and dirt.” He deflated, a little, rubbed his hands over his face. “Is it so much to ask that you put things in clearly labelled Tupperware and leave the appliances alone?” A sigh was heaved, frown lines rubbed away, and then he slowly stepped closer. “I expect a new fucking kettle, Sherlock. I’m going out, and I’m not coming back until you tell me that you’ve bought a replacement kettle.” Punishment enough, perhaps- put the three year old in a shop and leave him to his own devices.
“He shifts his grip to my neck, holding me tighter, nails digging into my skin, and he can't quite breathe now, but it's fine, he'll say what he needs to say. ‘Buy her a pint, Johnny, and tell her to let my little girl know that daddy loves her, yeah? Buy yourself one. Tell my ma... Tell her I'll look after my Granda' and her sister, yeah? Tell her I'm in the flowers, yeah? Them daisies that she likes, the bright 'uns... And my da, John, you gotta' tell my da that he did good, yeah? Raising me and Eddy, tell him he did good. And Eddy, he needs... he needs to get his grades, yeah, so he can write his books and make a mint, look after Mam and Da.’
He looked back to the flower, picked it up to inhale the sweet smell, before chuckling to himself. “What are you, John, a hopeless schoolgirl?” He shook his head, despairing at his own sentimentality, and then noticed a small lemon yellow envelope still resting on the sheets, beside where the rose has been. He lifted it, looked it over, and smiled again. His name was written in Sherlock’s ornate script in black ink on the front.
His mind unconsciously settled on the question again, on John’s detailed response, the inadvertent trip into the man’s past. It hovered half way through the tale, like a stuck record, “I take his pulse, because it's habit, and I somehow hope that he’s fine, there's been a mistake, and it hasn't ended quite like that, but he's really dead and I wonder how I'm not...” Seconds later, his thoughts hitched alongside his breathing, as he recalled words he’d pushed away, which had been spoken in anger and hurt and confusion- before ‘lover’ had meant love and after falling meant landing.
Sherlock- On the way John’s breath felt against his neck, the comfort of holding the other man safely against his chest, on the possibility of an experiment: How close would his John have to be for him to feel his breathing? How many breaths would
“Did it hurt you, Sherlock? The not-dying?” Unanticipated. Was that compassion in John’s voice, or... Perhaps just a silver sliver of hope? Hope that he’d hurt, he’d suffered as John had.
John almost hoped it was toxic, just for the satisfaction of being able to toss the disgusting mess away and break Sherlock’s nose as punishment- the genius was being insanely  irritating, of late.
It took Sherlock a moment longer to understand John’s words than it should have, as the last pieces of the puzzle fell smoothly into place. "No."
The next had cups. Cups and saucers and mugs and dainty little spoons. The china itself wasn’t half so delicate. It wasn’t easily breakable, a pale blue, and serviceable.
“We've all put aside the guns, the jackets, helmets, even. We’re not supposed to, but... There's a... It's not quite a lake, but it's water. Open water, still. Not a river. I don’t know where it comes from, I just know it’s fairly cool, and clear, surrounded by a couple of low trees and it's otherwise alone in an empty landscape. The first time I saw it I swore it was a mirage. It's not far from base- you can see the low compound, the scattering of tents outside, the almost marquee of the field hospital overspill… But it's far enough that they don't come looking for us.
It was a simple response to a simple question; it was to the point, logical. Answer question with fact, empirical evidence and objective opinions: No, John's flinching had not at any point caused a foot to collide with a shin, or anything of the like. That was good, solid fact.
Despite, or perhaps because of his evident distaste of the lower level medical staff which approached him, Sherlock waited for more than three hours before he was shown through to see a doctor, and at his first glimpse of sandy, unassuming blonde hair, he very nearly turned and left the hospital. The man he was faced with appeared to be a fool. Over tired, impossibly bored, completely ignorant of the admiring glances the porter shot him, he seemed to be no more than a well meaning, mildly dim witted bloke. Certainly below Sherlock’s meticulous standards- and he’d hate to consider the views of his brother on the matter.
Sherlock, on the other hand, was resolutely awake, running through the evening and wondering exactly when their love making had moved from a means to a deeply satisfying end and an appropriate declaration for ‘feelings’, to being something he enjoyed, craved, even. He began to wonder at exactly what point the term ‘lover’ had become
The piercing gaze which met the bland statement darkened minutely as a head covered in riotous black curls lifted.  “Which aspect of it,” There was a pause, whilst the dark haired man shifted slightly trying to better cushion his ankle on the chair it leant on, before continuing. “The sprained ankle- which isn’t broken, I assure you, my fibula and tibia are fully intact: I’m a dancer, not an idiot; or this wonderful array of bruises across my shoulders you appear to be admiring so fondly?”
in Sherlock’s head, but if she’s been involved since S1, and EMP doesn’t start until S3 then it really can’t work, since I feel like Sherlock can’t just imagine her involvement, wake up and all of it not happening, only then to write a whole new story arc later on. So, as I mentioned in Part 4, this season is not the one to "tie up loose ends”, which the 6-month time jump absolutely is. It will be explained. It has a reason to be there.
There’s possibly more there too in relation to his character, but without the whole story about what’s really going on behind the scenes of
Only Sherlock came along, let John into his life and sneakily made John infatuated with him. By the end of
proclaimed the booth, decorated with army camouflage as the backdrop and contained several targets and a couple pellet rifles. A man behind the counter stood wearing army fatigues, calling out to passer-by to try and win a prize for their partners. And surrounding the top of the booth were several sizes of plush, the largest and brightest was a disturbingly cute and round bumble bee.
A disclaimer before I start, since a lot of my followers who I adore and respect and am mutuals with do support EMP:
The sudden stillness and horrified silence from Sherlock is comical to John. “No,” Sherlock blurts. “It only works for
the tip. John wrapped his lips around the corn dog, and, damned John, he took the entire rest of the dog into his mouth, pulled it out half-way, and pushed it back in and pulled the dog off the stick.
, John has been followed, and I think this is an ever-present fear Sherlock has always had since John’s first abduction by people who are not Mycroft’s, hence why Sherlock has been
, simply for the fact that I understand that it has its purpose as an exposition device for the series, and it played a huge role in the character development of Sherlock in
Sometimes, guys, to err is human. Sometimes props get lost or damaged unexpectedly and replacements need to be found on the fly
Sherlock grips John’s hand in return, relaxing his posture once again and resuming his eating. A thought comes to his mind, though.
So then with this in mind, this leads me to believe there is more hidden beneath John’s anger during the diner sequence shown in the last set of pics. Let’s look at this scene from John’s point-of-view. There is a reason I wanted you to remember
John at all. And this is a good thing; that’s the point of a character-driven show. This show has TWO main protagonists, not one, and in order to complete the story
at Sherlock with his stupid puppy eyes and cheeky grin and probably-so-soft hair fluffing in the breeze, and Sherlock just absolutely caved. Anything for John, always; it embarrassed Sherlock how easily John could get Sherlock to acquiesce to his whims. He didn't mind, though, if he was honest with himself. After all, more time spent with a happy John meant more pleasure and chances for “accidental” touches for Sherlock.
, or “retroactive continuity”, which basically means to create a new narrative from a current one and make that one the current one. I have actually talked quite a bit about the ret-conning issue before, when EMP was in its infancy.
This is the deception that Sherlock has created in his own mind to protect himself and his feelings.
He dries and tames his curls, deciding that the one flyaway curl in the front that never seems to like staying tamed could remain having its own mind tonight; he hopes it will pop loose and John will try to fix it.
hit exactly where John wanted it to land, dead centre on the target that was moving along a track in the booth. Then another centre-shot. And another, continuing in this fashion as all ten of John’s shots landed dead centre, to the astonishment of the vendor and to Sherlock’s dick’s delight.
Now it’s John who turns his torso towards Sherlock which must have caught Sherlock off guard since he tumbles back into John’s chest and is now looking up at John’s face. “Why would you say that, Sherlock?” John is genuinely curious, but he thinks he knows the answer.
. I, being FAR from casual and probably bordering on OBSESSIVE, read more into the line than the surface reading provides. John asks Sherlock
The sharp inhale he hears from Sherlock catches John’s attention, as does Sherlock’s quiet, “Not anymore.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, heading towards the first food stall he saw. “’Corn dogs?’“ That didn’t sound too appetizing. Why would anyone want a dog covered in corn?
“I’m kidding, Sherlock.” John pats Sherlock’s hand that’s on the table closest to him, then grips it. “It is fantastic, though. You did good.”
It’s quite possible the two events exacerbated his self-loathing, but I really don’t think it’s really self-loathing in S3 in the same veil as he was in
“I’m knelt over him, beginning to put pressure on it, and he keeps batting my hands away. He’s talking, but I can’t hear it, and then he says my name and I look at him, at his face. ‘Stop it, Johnny’
He was loved. Loved to the extent that John would go on believing long after he was gone, that John Watson, somehow, somewhere, would always, always believe in Sherlock Holmes.
“It’s not toxic!” The genius called from his room. “But don’t touch it! It’s important!” Sherlock emerged, draped in his sheet, manic curls of hair stuck up in all directions. “And don’t touch the kettle either!” He stared at John. “Are you listening, John?”
John glanced out the window and sure enough, a taxi sat on the curb, waiting to pick him up. He steadfastly ignored the fact that he’d gotten half-hard reading Sherlock’s latest note, and got dressed, pulling on the jumper the card and rose had been pinned to. He dashed back into the kitchen, snipped the ends off the three roses he’d already received, and stuffed them into a pint glass full of water. The cards he tucked into his jeans pocket. Still grinning, he strolled back into the lounge, grabbed his coat and pulled it on, checking his pocket for his keys. He found not only his keys, but a small orange envelope, and a rose the colour of a sunset.
, and notices the card he had got John isn't lined up perfectly to the table settings. He promptly straightens it out, and then heads to the loo to shower. He washes with John’s shampoo, because he likes smelling like John
