”you are a smart little one are’t you I’ll try not to be I promise” Sherlock said with a hint of pride in there. With that the little girl spun round and left to go visit the landlady leaving them alone.
John was writing away he kept glancing towards the kitchen where Sherlock was now with his 6 year old Daughter conducting some form of experiment at first John had be reluctant at letting Sherlock do experiments with Rosie but he knew Sherlock would never do any thing that could harm her and when he saw how happy It made them both he really couldn’t say no. He loved how Sherlock lite up around Rosie he never thought he would see Sherlock behave like a normal person but with Rosie he didn’t compromise himself but he was tentative and loving towards her like she was his own. John sometimes thought how he pretty much is her second farther he had done so much for them after Mary died and then moved back in he kept feeling like Sherlock still felt guilty, particularly lately he felt Sherlock had been going overboard and a bit more distant than usual.
Sherlock then suddenly recoiled and broke from John “you can’t mean that John not really” Sherlock said with actual tears in his eyes now.
John then close the gap and put his arms a around Sherlocks waist. It was then Sherlocks turn to push John’s head up to draw them into another long and emotive kiss.
Sherlocks eyes widened and John knew he was right he hit open and went straight to the chat. He wasn’t messing around he didn’t know how long till Sherlock turned the table on him. He scrolled a bit downed and started to read.
”You know I think I might actually have it, you think that noone can understand you but what was it you said to Irene all those years ago, you should never let your heart rule your head.” John with a definite gloat this time as he typed out what he thought was the password.
“well it appears I’m not in what seems like an important chat and want to see what’s going on!” John replied throwing caution to the wind.
”I mean yes your right I have said I’m not gay, which I’m not but as you have just found out I believe people call it bisexuality. Mary again yes it is still raw but she would want me to be happy. And as for you well yes you are a monster that most people don’t like but your my monster and I love you too” John exclaimed as if it was some proclamation.
Sherlocks phone had began to to buzz so much it almost fell off the coffee table where he had left it after sitting this morning. Of course Sherlock being Sherlock he didn’t take any notice of it and John being John was naturally curious. So he pick the phone up from the table to take a look at what it was, what he found almost offended him, it appear to be a group chat with everyone Greg, mycroft, molly but not him why is that? what was it that he couldn’t be apart of? He was determined to find out the few messages he could read was from a chat called
At this point John said nothing using Sherlocks arm he pulled him self up and met eye to eye with the consulting detective. He then moved his free had that wasn’t on Sherlocks wrist and he thrust it in the black curls of the detectives head. Then he then pulled his head down and their lips collided. everything could be felt the warmth, the softness of each others lips and every ounce of love that is being poured into it. They get lost in this deep and passionate kiss for quite some time. “I love you too you maniac” John breathed out once they finally broke apart.
It’s been 5 years since the Baker Street boys were trap on sherinfford with the Holmes’ Psychotic sister. It took them a while to build Baker Street back up Eurus had done a lot damage with the patience grenade. They were finally back to normal, well normal Is a relative term for them. John had decided it would be easier for the mean time if he and Rosie moved back into to Baker Street so he could work cases with Sherlock without having to worry too much about Rosie, of course he always worried but this way he was able to worry less.
”so go on then What is you need to say” John said looked down at Sherlock who was still pined to the sofa
so with one final kiss they separated and walked down stairs they then spent the rest of the afternoon tasting stuff Rosie had baked and was baking with mrs Hudson and every thing was perfect in that moment.
John was still just sat there trying to make sense of it all “I will go out for a few hours if you and Rosie are gone when I get back I will understand, I’ll be devastated but I will understand. If you don’t mine I would love to say goodbye to Rosie”. Sherlock started to turn to leave when a very firm and steady hand grabbed his wrist he looked round. “John you really don’t want me to stay trust me” Sherlock said on the brink of tears.
"John?" Sherlock shook his head as he woke up, a little snore escaping his lips and nose. John couldn't help but smile.
"John, we're getting closer every time. Each step further we get and Mycroft appears here. What if the drug on Dartmoor and Netherlands are all connected to the Hot Line... placing an underground business makes them all fall, can't you see it? It's brilliant!"
Sherlock glared and John smiled at the gesture. John supported his back on the couch again and took the book they managed to find. It had a lot of legally approved plants based chemicals. Sherlock shifted his position, supporting his back on the armrest, still with the papers in his hands. Then he threw his legs over John's lap. It wasn't the first time he did that, he liked it, in fact. He liked the way John supported his wrist under or above his knee, and then, with an unconscious gesture, he would rub his thumb there, or tap lightly with his fingers, or nail a bit.
"What the-" Sherlock lifted various items of clothes and turned to look at John with a fake glare. "Seriously, John. It was completely juvenile and unncal-" but he couldn't go on. John's expression was changing from surprised to a light chuckle and, as usual, Sherlock had this inevitable smirk on his face as well, soon his deep laughter echoed in the faintly illuminated room, he still on the floor, John still on the bed.
John only lifted an eyebrow. Sherlock and Rosie were on the living room floor; Sherlock on his back between their chairs and Rosie, sweet Rosie, was sprawled over Sherlock’s chest, pressing a lemon to his nose and grass in her other hand. She had turned as soon as John appeared.
"Up to you. I need to go, now. Moriarty is out there and he can't know I am alive. I need to leave. I need to hide."
"Vitamins' supplement." At the face Sherlock made, Molly lifted one hand, silently stopping any protests Sherlock was about to do and, surprisingly even to herself, she was not nervous to just tell Sherlock what
Doctor Watson chuckled quietly and gave another step to the leather chair, his hand was still on Sherlock's jaw and his fingertips were ghosting lightly below his left ear. The detective's face remained expressionless looking at the man in front. He inhaled deeply and lowered his gaze to the book.
"No, really. My voice sounds different over the phone. So it's possible you're just confusing things. What's your name?"
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock said, “unrealistic as it is, I…” he swallowed, breathed deeply and hung his head. “I appreciate the sentiment.”
Sherlock didn’t waste any time. It was nine in the morning. John had been out for two hours. He grabbed a cab to St Bart’s, went into the lab, greeted Molly – it was better every day, not really awkward anymore – and checked the swab from last night. He found some traces of the component from the tea Mrs Hudson (gladly) hadn’t drunk. Then he texted his results to Martin just in case.
John kept on rubbing Sherlock's hand, feeling the strong heart pressed to his back. Both of their heartbeats were mixed in a weird drum solo. Sherlock moved his other hand from John's upper arm, roaming it to the doctor's chest, embracing him, pressing him even closer.
He inhaled deeply. Maybe he just did the experiment in a wrong way. As a good scientist, he thought about the conditions of the experiment... probably they weren't the right ones. Factors and variables were certainly misplaced. They were pointing in the wrong direction of the result he expected to obtain.
"Kids!" Lestrade continued, not really paying attention to John, "don't do this at home! I think I should put a parental advisory in my movie..." the DI laughed again, just to be rewarded with another glare of the doctor on the floor. "Alright... alright, John. You win."
"Thank you." The woman whispered. Sherlock's face was still expressionless. He straightened up and bent his coat's collar up, intending to leave. When she noted the gesture, she stopped him asking "How much do I owe you?"
"You’re not going to tell me, then?” John started a little analysis in his head; well, this was not what he wanted to know at first, but he couldn't miss this opportunity, now could he? More than once he had found himself craving for information about the man in front. Always had, since the very first day. Sherlock knew so much about his private life, and yet John knew so little about that of the other man – almost nothing – and that fact made him, in a way, jealous? Yes.
“Very good,” Sherlock checked something on her phone and then gave Rosie another photograph from his pocket. “Now I need you to check this one.”
"You must... be careful, brother" Mycroft thought about the conversation about him and Phillip this morning, "I told you have to take care if you want to be close to John. I told you once and I'll repeat, no matter how many times you need to understand: you are not safe, you know that m-"
"You okay?" John asked, panting heavily as he observed his friend. A nod and the expression of utter arousal on the other was as he needed to lose it. He lowered himself over Sherlock feeling the erection of the detective pressed between them. John rocked his hips slowly, not actually going inside and out, but only moving, adjusting Sherlock until both of their hips started to move at the unison.
The feeling of throwing up turned into a cough; a single, violent cough that almost made him lose his balance on his knees, his stomach contorting violently.
"So I heard. It was chaos to try and contact you." Said Sherlock with a wide smile, pulling John even closer and moving his hand absently at the back of John's neck, the doctor cleared his throat to contain a giggle for Sherlock’s odd behaviour and his own embarrassment. According to the tone Sherlock was using, John quickly thought that he wouldn't be surprised if the detective suddenly said
When John placed the cups aside, he saw Sherlock pacing to the couch. The detective lay down on his stomach and tried to get himself comfortable. He tossed a little and had a battle to death with a cushion. Apparently, he decided he couldn't get comfortable there, so he stood up and walked away.
"Sherlock, please. You already called me like that for a while, no need to change it according to the context of the conversation."
He took his phone and texted Jack, a bartender that owed him many, many favours. He was glad he still remembered his phone number. For a moment there he almost wished he hadn't erased all of his phone's contacts.
"John?" The DI had a devilish smirk which Sherlock obviously noticed, including the implication, but played fool.
There was a hand roaming down his chest now. Suddenly the feeling of wet clothe was replaced by the feeling of cool air around his naked skin. He tried to scream but a whimper was all he could manage.
"Yes? How would you like the coffee?" he asked, remembering a post from John's blog, saying Sherlock drank his coffee with sugar, just to make sure.
They were back in 221B nearly for twenty minutes now. John sat at the kitchen table, tea in his favourite mug, Mrs. Hudson across the table. She was looking straight at him with a very enquiring expression, waiting for John to finish the answer to her question. A simple question it was, for such a thick answer:
“There’s no way to explain my scars to Abby if the random photo goes off, but I’m going to text… Greg. If that medical lotion is so powerful I need to isolate the ingredients by centrifuge. Look at this,” Sherlock passed John his phone, “the grass in the ginger lotion is not from London, nor from anywhere in Europe. I isolated a herbicide that’s no longer used in here, just in some areas from the States. It’s completely harmless in little doses but it
Sherlock smiled to himself, a bitter smile as he thought about that. It was true at the end; feelings and current moods give people a different perspective of the same fact. That time with John next to him, the stars were beautiful and he went as far as to comment about it, making John smile.
"I want you to penetrate me, John" he said, his eyes still closed, Sherlock's face completely lost in pleasure, "I want to feel your cock ravishing me. I want you to come inside me-"
"I see you pressing the delete key. Don't do it, it's... fine. You're right, every word." Slowly, the detective supported his elbows on his knees and brought his palms together, resting his chin over his fingertips.
“Elsie Patrick, my name’s Sherlock Holmes and I’m here because Chloe Hilton asked me to. Calm down, I’m trying to help you.”
The same treatment received chairs, sofa and sink, and soon he declared the zone free of aphrodisiacs. He opened every window in the flat just in case. He sat in his chair, texted Mycroft, checked his email and started to look for a new case. He didn’t realise it was already four in the afternoon until he heard the door downstairs being unlocked and John walking with a few bags from the drycleaners a few beats later.
He entered the little space and waited. He clenched his jaw to release some of the tension; his heart racing in his chest and it was hard to breathe. He cursed mentally as his mind took the
He was so absorbed observing Sherlock's restful form that he completely forgot about the way they had been sleeping; John’s head was resting on his companion's shoulder. Before falling asleep, Sherlock had thrown a blanket over them and, apparently, he had slid one of his arms behind John's neck, above the backrest of the sofa, and his hand fell languidly over John's shoulder.
But he knew better that this time he was right as well, alone, solitude this time was going to protect them both, solitude was going to protect his life. John's life.
Lestrade hung up and mentally prepared himself to enter the room and find... whatever he was going to find. But he stopped with his hand resting on the door handle.
"Hm?" Sherlock hummed back, he moved lower until he reached a nipple. He stared at it curious, John's fingers still tangled in his hair, his eyes narrowed as he watched Sherlock's every move. Deliberately slow, lifting his gaze, Sherlock kissed the nipple and then took it between his teeth. John couldn't help a loud moan and his eyes flew open at his own sound. He heard Sherlock hum again as he pulled on it not so gently.
There was a short pause in which John closed his eyes and threw his head back, supporting it on the shoulder he found on the way.
"Ah, yes." John shook his head a little "No. No... I really want a cup of tea... ah, but shower first." John's voice was throaty as he stood with difficulty from the bed with a tired groan.
be actually developed, and Toby goes into surgery tomorrow.” Sherlock made a small pause and added, as an afterthought, his face now completely turned towards John, “Everything is completely legal, John, even if Abby goes to prison for murder attempt by poison, the money is still rightfully earned.”
"Okay... How's the kid?" Sherlock snorted at the question and settled himself nearer the other man, who didn't move from his position; he tangled his fingers in front of him, still with his elbows over his knees.
"Boys!" Mrs. Hudson walked upstairs hurriedly; Sherlock was still doing some internet research meanwhile John was in the shower. "You have a..."
As they reached the Tower in which Moriarty had written "Get Sherlock", said detective was pensive inside the cab. He observed John's behaviour and again, he felt trapped. John was letting his guard down, his eyes darted to Sherlock and the detective could read John wanted to ask but he wasn't able to answer. A single conversation crossed his mind, a couple of days ago, in a crime scene regarding the kidnapped banker.
in him and had to clear his throat, drink a gulp of beer to dissimulate. There was another girl, with a very short mini skirt, John observed the smooth legs, the nice shape of her buttocks when she stood up, walking to talk one of the guys in front. He definitely didn't find anything on the blokes. He had only eyes for the girls, it was definitive.
"Oh, no clue." John lifted his brows; he pulled a very innocent expression as he sipped on his tea without taking his eyes from Mycroft's. He knew that look always made Sherlock say
"That's not a very romantic way to ask me out, John." He said lifting an eyebrow. John rolled his eyes and smiled, soon the smile turned to a light giggle and suddenly John and Sherlock were laughing while John finished putting on the bandages.
Sherlock couldn't help a snicker. John opened wide eyes at his own words and smiled. Soon they were giggling uncontrollably.
Molly had called a few hours ago, letting him know that the drug was a variation of Phencyclidine; a recreational drug which had been modified to be absorbed through the skin. It wasn't dangerous, but the amount would last hours. The dose in the patch was still high in the lab, even when Sherlock's organism had absorbed almost half of it already. It seemed that the drug was given to the detective with the only purpose to leave him out of the battlefield for at least one day.
"Hm. Massages. Not really my thing," Sherlock turned back to the photos. He tried to picture John massaging him for a moment and noticed that he certainly didn’t want one. John had never seen the scars that
“How are you explaining what you wanted to do with Elsie and Chloe, then?” John asked. Surprisingly, Abby looked at Sherlock as if waiting for his permission, he nodded.
"Nothing." He said answering her previous question, "the case just gave a huge turn... I can't talk about it, sorry." Sarah nodded and he stood up with his tray in hand. "I have to go now, Sarah, there are still lots of things to-".
Neither of them knew how many minutes it lasted, neither of them noticed when John moved his hands to cup Sherlock's face, and neither noticed the moment in which Sherlock let his little ball inside his jacket's pocket to hold John's face and neck with both of his hands.
Last night he'd told Sherlock he had a date today; it was the only excuse so Sherlock won't be interested enough not to start asking. Not quite a lie either, since he felt this was a date with his mind. Something he should have often, according to himself. If Sherlock could go to his mind palace, he had all the right to go around dating his mind, didn't he? Sherlock had looked at him with a hurtful expression for a second, but then he acted as if that was no big deal. Of course, John had asked for the Chinese takeout and they chatted comfortably whilst eating. Well... comfortably
John's hands stopped mid way and before Sherlock could turn around to see what made John stop, he heard a snort and a little laugh. Sherlock could have sworn he heard John's eyes rolling.
Abby lifted one eyebrow as John cleared his throat, picked up the basket with the oils and gave the thumbs up to Abby for appearance's sake before he said, loud and vowels long:
' Chemical defect presented in most of the humans; in the losing side because love usually always blocked reasoning and logic, making people just lose it.
But even after eating, his body was still restless. He closed his eyes to calm down, but John’s hands were a constant ghost on his back, his shoulders, his neck and his thighs. He searched his mind for something to calm his treacherous body, but he found himself thinking about John again and the reaction he was going to witness as soon as John crossed the threshold: what would it be, angry-John? Indifferent-John? Regretful-John? I’m-not-gay-John?
She placed the requested items in front of John. “Yes. You see now why I need to take better care of my hip.” She shook her head. “Take these up with you, will you, dear?”
The young man was having a hard time; he knew the decision he was about to make was going to change his life forever. After a long talk with his friend at the restaurant, they had both agreed that leaving the country and start from scratch was the best thing to do. But Armand wanted more than that; he wanted to fight his dad and bring the honour to his name. Not only because of his family but because of what they represented. He knew his father was long ago corrupted, but he also believed that there were people out there trying to make things better; each on their own methods, like Mycroft Holmes.
"Oh my God..." John passed his hand over his own face trying to fight a yawn, "... that's awful. I don't even know if I want to know more..."
"You need to tell John." Was the first phrase from Louis. He kept driving, he was also dressed like the staff from St. Bartholomew's Hospital.
He sighed, an incredulous smile ghosting his lips. His eyes fought between the detective's profile at his side and the window in front but finally he gave up. He kept his stare on Sherlock's sleeping face and allowed himself to observe. His eyes lingered at the parted pale lips, Sherlock was breathing softly through them, a little pool of drool had already formed on his own shoulder and he realized he didn't give a damn. In fact, he found himself smiling at it, feeling almost proud to be the only person with whom the detective felt comfortable enough to do... whatever this was.
The feeling he was having with the man in front was similar to the one he felt with The Woman naked in front. He wasn't used to be faced like this. To be trapped. He tried to scan him. There was nothing in the man that wasn't screaming to be known.
The phone on the armrest of Sherlock's chair started to sound but Sherlock didn't pay attention to it. If John wanted him to be out of the news this should do. A forgotten case, from an old book, a few samples he had from a neck tissue of a man who had hanged himself would do to prove his theory.
“Ask for tea, too. You won’t be denied tea anywhere in London. Make sure you don’t contaminate it with sugar or milk.” Sherlock took a small syringe without the needle from his pocket and put it on Mrs Hudson’s lap. “Take a sample of tea with this but
"Look, they know the Yard called Sherlock Holmes, they need proofs we don't have. It's a tedious work to try to explain them how we knew the painting was there, it would mean that even the Yard could be involved since we were the only ones there and you know it's not quite true. And besides, the case about the facility can't be exposed to the Yard. Sherlock is the only proof we've got."
When John finally excused himself to go to bed and could actually fall asleep, he dreamed of Sherlock.
"Ah yes..." Mycroft supported his back on the couch. "And I thank you for that, the black market of exotic plants is becoming an issue... as you could have guessed yourself, you can easily kill a man..." Mycroft let out a small giggle "...or two, for that matter, only with the right knowledge about something so innocent and full of life as a tulip bulb..."
But his smile faded after a couple of seconds. He had to admit: he was frustrated. There were a lot of feelings going through his mind now but frustration was the most prominent of them all; he was mad at himself for his lack of control this morning, but strangely, he was mad because he liked it. His doubts about his sexuality were ever present, he still couldn't help but lust after some nurses at the clinic, but he also had to admit it was only his body reacting to them. He was certain if a woman would come to him, as it had happened already a couple of times last year, and would offer herself to him, most probable thing is his body would react normally to a female stimulation. But he was also pretty sure that the feelings he had for Sherlock would probably block him halfway... and that terrified him. He loved Sherlock. He knew for sure.
“You coming?” Sherlock was right next to him out of nowhere. John still had his phone in his hand with the text open. How long had Sherlock been standing there? Did he read the whole thing? He decided not to think too much about it and turned the screen off.
After an eventful dinner, as soon as the door closed upstairs, Sherlock pulled himself up from the table and sighed deeply and slowly, all of his lungs emptying. He looked down and noticed the completely neglected erection that was still tenting his jeans.
He stretched a little in the couch. He wasn't much into this as he thought. Maybe the experiment was destined to fail, but he had to finish it to get optimal results.
Armand wasn't a man to get depressed or easily desperate, but it was the first time for him to feel threatened and confused and to be, in general, a chaotic mixture of feelings.
When John’s hands were clearly and surely moving up to massage Sherlock’s upper legs, Sherlock shuddered and sighed audibly. He had been silent, and he really was relaxed under John’s ministrations. So he decided to praise John’s efforts vocally.
"Hang on... ignore it?" John asked incredulous, as if that were the stupidest thing he'd ever heard.
"Hell... no! I mean..." John snorted again and smiled knowingly, "I am being part of an experiment, am I."
John heard the familiar sound of steps on the stairs deep inside his mind. He had gone into a slumber state and he felt too tired to get out of there. There was the common rustle of clothe and then a source of heat next to him, sitting on the sofa.
Sherlock sipped on his coffee again as if nothing had happened. "Uh... where are you planning to go?" he asked, not paying attention to Armand's lasts words.
', he was frustrated and had told James Moriarty a couple of things he shouldn't have about his brother and now he was worried, he had to admit. '
Sherlock blinked a couple of times at the now unlocked and bright screen. It had planes of the abandoned factory they had been in the morning and a file full of dates and vehicles' plate numbers. When John saw Sherlock's confused face, he got closer and looked at the screen.
"When our eyes met, I felt that I was growing pale. A curious instinct of terror came over me. I knew that I had come face to face with someone whose mere personality was so fascinating that, if I allowed it to do so, it would absorb my whole nature, my whole soul, my very art itself."
"He is not responsible for Armand's disappearance, in case you're wondering." Mycroft rasped out with a little growl.
to know the truth. He had opted to lie, just to protect him, to protect his feelings. John knew Irene wasn't Sherlock's love interest, but he could still know he felt something strong for the woman, even if it wasn't love. But it was a sentiment he still had to protect. Mycroft had allowed him to choose. That time, John had the unpleasant feeling Mycroft didn't profess any kind of love for his little brother... but that wasn't quite true, was it?
“Oh, Jesus…” John’s laughter was high-pitched and contagious. Sherlock opened one eye to look at John’s shaking shoulders.
Sherlock stilled in recognition of the text John was reading from his phone. He drew a quivering breath through his nose and was about to turn around when he remembered he just couldn’t with the way he jutted obscenely from his zipper. He tried to find John’s eyes in the reflection but the man was looking down, completely absorbed by what he was reading.
They were more than ten blocks from the abandoned facility, and the urban area was about to end. They had to get there unseen. Vegetation had made its way from urban and the facility, probably thanks to the contaminated water, there were a few vehicle's tracks forming a path there, and the few houses and rotten flats were abandoned as well.
John laughed silently at the situation. Sherlock sulked as he followed the landlady's command. Seriously, she could make wonders with the stubborn man. Soon Sherlock tossed him some clothes which John recognised as one of the homeless' disguise.
The man walked hurriedly to Sherlock, who didn't move a muscle, and stopped when he was just a couple of centimetres apart.
Sherlock had asked a few questions about symptoms, sleep quality, smell and taste perception with John diligently writing notes next to them and asking a few things himself.
"Okay." At the closeness, John saw a little patch emerging from the man's sleeve. John moved his hand from Sherlock's face to his wrist, leaving two nicotine patches at plain sight.
“Of course, they’re not,” John said picking one of the photos off the wall; this one showed an old man, on the corner of the photo there was Sherlock’s spidery writing
His mind was so tired that those half-made thoughts couldn’t get to an end. He didn’t want to think much about his own implications. He was still curious, though. Mostly about Sherlock, who was now occupying much of his thoughts. But he nearly always was, anyway.
And he was alright with that, as long as John was safe and sound and as long as he was there to make a better world for them. Without Moriarty, without a brilliant consulting criminal.
Panting and staring back into John's eyes, the detective managed a nod, he licked his lips and breathed out a barely audible "Yeah..."
"You used to talk a lot about movies and things you considered fascinating. You don't do that anymore." Sherlock sighed and added quickly: "Not that I miss it, though."
"I won't." John sighed again and locked his stare with the detective, "I should be the one concerned; that arm needs tending to and you have to eat. I texted Molly already and Mrs. Hudson will be back tomorrow."
"I only have much self control..." John patted Sherlock's shoulder and his hand stayed there, squeezing lightly.
The bold man snorted and Mycroft frowned lightly "Come on, Mycroft! I'm your friend, you don't have to be flirty to gain information, you know..." Mycroft smiled gently at him with a tilt of his head, but inside he was a totally different story, "no, we didn't steal it."
"If there's anything you need, you can call me on my phone. Okay?" She added, turning to smile at the doctor. He smiled back.
“What happened when?” That was Sherlock’s response to something he already knew. Oh, the bastard. John was angry
“Toby’s owner, you remember him? Lovely hound that helped us in the…” A dark shadow passed over John’s face. “Thatcher’s case,” he finished.
"Yes, almost solved. I just need the results from John's samples to compare the data... do you mind if I make a quick call?"
"Don't you think you've gone too far having as your sole purpose to bring disgrace over your family?"
home in Baker Street…" he gave another step towards John, who didn't know why, but hated the idea right away,"… and imagine then, I seduce her, have sex with her, that I
“Check the labels,” Sherlock said with a small groan, he was still smiling, though. “One of those products was clearly labelled as an aphrodisiac.” He shrugged. “I can’t turn. Not now.”
As he walked away from 221B this morning, after spending the night on Sherlock's sofa, he was actually considering the possibility to be obsessed with the detective and he let himself to be lost in this line of thoughts: maybe he was just in love with an illusion. But it didn't fade after Sherlock's turn down, quite the contrary; he wanted Sherlock to trust him, he wanted to help him... and John as well. It was his real desire but it seemed fogged with the current – maybe romantic – interest towards the detective. He was sure he would have to sort out his feelings somehow... but he also felt them meaningless. The black car finding him a couple of blocks from Baker Street as he left the detective's flat didn't help to ease his mood either.
John's search stopped when he touched a patch very close to the armpit area. He took it off and recognized it as a transdermal patch; used in medicine to deliver drugs into the bloodstream.
In a flash, John was kissing his neck, taking his shirt off in the process. Sherlock tilted his head back and a deep moan-like sound was the only thing that could be heard in the flat. John's hands roamed lazily around his body, touching his chest, slowly, lovingly. The hands slid down, pressing his hips playfully and finally John lowered the zip of his trousers. Sherlock was too aware of the erection slowly forming inside his pants. His knees began to fail so he had to use the sofa for support with one knee between the doctor's legs. John took his erection and stroked him slowly, kissing his neck again, licking his cheeks, his jaw, nibbling his lips, his earlobe...
him senseless. Maybe he told him all that as he kept on kissing and murmuring incoherent words against Sherlock's flesh. "I want you so badly..." he said in Sherlock's ear, "...you teasing bastard, you are so fucking delicious, so... uhnng perfect..." he groaned, Sherlock's thrust were fuelled by each of his words.
“I know that’s not everything, detective.” Sherlock’s smirk was smug. He couldn’t help it. “When is Wilson Hargreave coming up?”
At first he assumed that, maybe a person with experience in the matter would be the right one to do this job. But this wasn't working. Maybe this wasn't the kind of stimulation he was looking for. His thoughts were interrupted by another voice.
"They heard about a person's black market, but they don't know anything about the hot line company."
“When Mary was alive,” John started and Sherlock stilled, his back to John, who continued, “You remember when we were following her GPS… I had left my wallet here and when I returned…” John cleared his throat, “Mrs Hudson was in the kitchen... You just removed your shirt. You were usually so careful when I was around, but you weren’t with Mrs Hudson.”
“Positive!” John shouted back sitting next to her on the bed, “She’s fine but completely knocked out.” He waved a package of pills and tossed them to Sherlock. “Sleeping pills. Found them in the kitchen when I returned. They weren’t there when we arrived.”
“Why not, we need to fix this. It works like a charm with the footage of the camera, but it doesn’t work with all the data we need from our clients.”
“I want to help,” John interrupted with a firm voice; he stopped massaging and searched for Sherlock’s face that was barely visible over the arm he was resting the side of his face on. “Sherlock, I want to help. Let me help. With this,” John motioned to Sherlock’s back.
, before he had to change the settings to only receive messages from known users rather than anonymous ones. That last voice was telling him that Sherlock was human, and he was a man younger than himself. That voice also told him he should take the fact as they were and no give them so much thought: Sherlock simply was having a wet dream about you, John. He had moaned your name and maybe there were dirty things you two were doing in that great mind of his.
After that, there was no response. Angry-John? On the other hand, was John without a signal? Improbable; he appeared online.
He thought of James Sholto, then. Of the first time feeling a real attraction for a man. He recalled how his charismatic personality, his determination and his straightforward commands were the ones that had made him feel like this for the first time. Sherlock was enchanting and a nutter but he was also thoughtful and courteous. He also recalled how confused he was to realise how enamoured he was with that man.
Sherlock’s eyes were on the door as if waiting for John to enter the flat. There was an empty bag of crisps and half a glass of water on the small table next to him.
"John, I need you to go to the crime scene as soon as possible. Search for dirt, broken plants' pots... collect samples of everything and take them to the lab, tell them to run them immediately. I have one here as well. There's something here that just doesn't fit."
"I'm not sure I want to ask... but when you say date..." Sherlock was walking fast, his eyes searching for something anxiously. He seemed in a constant rush, John had to jog a little to catch up. "Sherlock... Sherlock!"
Sherlock frowned, thinned his lips, he couldn’t part his eyes from John’s face. John had seen that look before. It was a time ago after he had said '
Sherlock was eager to go back to the flat and check the data they had collected. Fifteen minutes had already passed and Craig was all but ready to close the deal; Abby was slowly getting captivated of the idea of a new, completely controlled software. Craig clearly knew what he was doing and the service he was offering. He was also talking about asking a few things off the staff for improvement in the software model.
“Look, she never told me, but over a counter I saw… edible ones, remember? Even if I haven’t the faintest idea of the purpose of those,” John said with mirth in his eyes, Sherlock just smiled, possibly clueless. “There is vaginal tightening and a general tightening, a… uh…” John cleared his throat again and Sherlock waved with his hand indicating for him to continue. “A muscle relaxant.”
at all. He was pleased with him, especially after he impersonated him so accurately some hours ago. And he was right. He was right about everything except that it wasn't him, but all of the other things he said: John had realised Mycroft and Irene had a relationship before. He knew they’d been talking about him and also knew he'd never had a sexual partner in his life and, of course, knew the exact reason behind that.
John’s eyebrows shot up even more and regarded Sherlock’s face for a small eternity. He had clearly understood. He moved to the small table where the products were and said, deadpan, “There is no aphrodisiac.”
The components that were listed in the label were usually the one with the highest percentage in the product. Except for the ginger and honey that had a higher amount of lemongrass. The almond one also had gum from Ficus Elastica, big quantities, around 35%. More data needed. The mint and green tea had 20% of oil from leaves of a lemon tree. No need for more data, it’s only there for consistency. Many use citrus oils.
Sherlock's stomach twisted as he stared down at that expression; there was lust, confusion and tenderness, all put together on John's face somehow. Sherlock pushed himself up on his palms, his curls damp against his forehead.
“Our mouths were now in close contact, and still he did not kiss me; his lips were simply tantalising mine, as if to make me more keenly conscious of our nature's affinity.” Sherlock licked his lower lip slowly, as if savouring his own words.
"Argh! Damn it!" his yell brought him back to reality and it made him pause, his fingers were buried in his own hair, his elbows still on his knees. Sherlock was standing at the door, observing him, expressionless except maybe for his typical frown.
“As an imperfect actor on the stage, who with his fear is put besides his part…” Sherlock’s voice was barely a breathy whisper, his lungs were feeling completely empty.
Sherlock tried to block out his mind for a bit, nearly dozing off. As soon as he did that the image of John was in his mind. He clenched his jaw at the inappropriate thoughts of the night before. His mind was in order, yes, but his body wasn't, apparently.
He heard a door closing at the distance and a thud of someone sitting on a chair. A sigh, Mycroft's sigh. He head a rustling in the microphone and then a mutter.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John and then his gaze moved down to the mess. "We should probably..."
"God... what have you done to me..." John asked when he felt himself getting hard again between them, Sherlock was getting into the same state. They moved lazily, they kissed softly, Sherlock buried his face in John's shoulder, his mouth was open as he panted and kissed John alternately.
"I come in peace!" there was a raspy, throaty laughing voice; Lestrade appeared from between an opening in the wall, his phone in hand, recording the scene, laughing insanely when he saw Sherlock and John's scared faces.
He saw Sherlock touching himself over his trousers, his open palm moving up and down unhurriedly, a sleepy movement.
Sherlock sighed, stopped moving but didn’t lift his gaze. “You see, I know when I’m right. Is that what you needed to come clean with me?”
“Martin proposed to be your masseur.” The casserole started to boil. John reached behind him and turned it off.
Quickly, Sherlock grabbed a paper and almost fell over the desk. John supported him placing his hand on his chest with a firm pressure, almost falling with him.
Then John frowned because he had the strange impulse to go and ruffle Sherlock’s hair. He also noticed a gold card with the Slaney’s Spa logo sitting on the desk next to Sherlock’s chair.
recorded, but randomly photographed. I was massing Mrs Turner’s feet -” Sherlock snorted at this, “- and I could hear a soft click in random intervals. It’s only to make sure we’re working and not… you know. Chatting with the clients…”
He should tell John about the aphrodisiacs found in two of the products. He started to type but then his mind took over.
"What? No! No, no. We're not-" John sighed and made and exasperated shrug at the ceiling, it was his favourite place to search for patience after all. "Just... yeah, please go and wake him." He added with the most gentle smile he could find in his mental face-muscles' map.
"And I'm terrified, yes." He continued, his voice held a purred undertone now, "I can do anything to you, but you never stop me. You allow yourself be guided by me, John. I can touch you, I can be close to you. I can even hurt you... I can lure you to danger..."
Once Sherlock's face was right in front of his, his cheek still supported on his shoulder, John moved his neck down a little until his own lips were inches apart from Sherlock's. Their breaths mixed for a couple of seconds and John found himself lost as he felt the soft brush against his lips. It was intoxicating; despite the feelings in his body - the fast heartbeat, the tingling feeling in his stomach which travelled down - the peace he felt inside his mind was unique; a feeling of security he had never felt before. As he has proved, none of any other partner he had ever had were able to give him such strong sensations with such simple acts. He didn't dare to close the minimal space between them.
And it was all Sherlock needed. He watched the scene from afar, his face with his normal frown. If John wanted him to stop his death that was exactly what he was going to do.
"Oh, don't mind me, Sherlock," John still had this grin all over his face, his shoulders were still shaking lightly, "I was just thinking about something really..." John cleared his throat again as he searched for words.
Sherlock snorted and smiled at the younger man. His face seemed to illuminate with the detective's gesture. Sherlock put a hand on the other's shoulder and gave him a light squeeze and two quick taps. "You're probably going to be a good lawyer." he said looking into Armand's eyes, "I heard from Lestrade what you did with Xavier's evidence. They are checking all of the ports now, so the business stopped, but the case is not closed... it might never be."
After a couple of seconds of stare holding, it was Phillip's phone turn to ring. Smiling an apology, he checked the receiver and answered "Sebastian."
“Sorry for the delay, I had to supply one of my workers with some oils and a customer asked for tea while she waited for her turn,” she chatted absentmindedly, sitting down. An air of overconfidence surrounded her, the same Sherlock had heard in the recorder when talking to
Right at that moment, John's phone went off. He searched in his pocket and found Sherlock's phone, he stood up at the same time he tossed the phone at the other man, he answered his. It was the DI.
Sherlock smiled a bit at that and John smiled, never taking his eyes from Sherlock's. The detective's smile widened and his lips moved, still closed, into a more confident smirk. He placed his hand over John's and the doctor separated a little his fingers, letting Sherlock's fingers to fall in between.
were completely erased from the detective's profile. Sherlock cared, on his own way, but he cared. Those out there were the real sociopaths, scratch that: psychopaths.
He wanted to turn off the telly so, looking for the remote, he passed his arm over Sherlock's stomach and felt something weird about it: it was tense. John eyed Sherlock’s face again, but it was still relaxed.
"You never answered my question last night." Sherlock supported his hip on the cabinet behind him, adopting the same position John had; one hand on the counter and the other supporting the mug.
John was lying on his back snoring softly, his left leg and left arm were dangling from the border of the couch and his right leg was over Sherlock's left one. His head was tilted to his right and he had his right arm behind Sherlock's neck, his fingers resting somewhere between the curls, falling to a side when the detective lifted his head. Sherlock was sleeping on his left side, the arm of that side was buried between a cushion, the couch and John's body. His right hand was over John's chest, a huge blanket covering him from his neck down to his calves. His head had been somewhere between John's neck and shoulder and a random cushion.
"I only remember... I couldn't think. I was scared to death and I told you that. I saw the monster." John moved his legs as he spoke, bending his knees and letting his legs to dangle from the couch, leaving space to Sherlock's peculiar position.
to do. "No. Drink this. You'll listen to me. You told me I counted and I am going to make it worth it."
"Please, Dr. Watson?" John was writing frantically on his notebook, but he stopped at the pleading tone and lifted his gaze to the man in front. "Please, take the case."
The stretcher was cold below him and the lights were off, the place was incredibly chilly and he found himself shivering. He didn't want to stand.
"The king has to fall." Sherlock repeated almost in a questioning, incredulous tone. He looked at the floor for a few moments and thought deeply about some weeks ago, he thought about the same, in John's arms, on the couch. John...
Ella remained silent after John's scream. She smiled sympathetically to him. Several minutes passed with John regaining his breathing back to normal. Surprisingly, there were no tears.
[1] – Watson actually said that, but in the book of Sir Conan, and not directly at Sherlock, and of course not with those exact words, but for the reader, almost immediately after they met.
Sherlock lifted his brows. "No, I'm fine." He said stopping, his face completely deadpan. John did his best not to show any emotions on his face or to burst into laughter right there.
“Can you tell us what you’re looking for?” Craig asked. “We brought some standards for you to look at, but Billy here and I would really like to serve your company well, if you let us work for you.”
Louis - the man whose daughter was saved by Sherlock - was near the place and had noticed the detective over the rooftop. He waited for the detective to come down from the roof and, after some talking and data comparison, they reached to the conclusion that is was probably a simple accident. Sherlock was quiet after that; he didn't say a thing and asked Louis especially not to mention anything to Dr. Watson. Just in case.
. The sound made John smile, it was an amazing sound. The detective was completely relaxed under his touch.
When John walked out the bathroom he had the first aid kit in his hands. He stopped at the entry of the kitchen, saw the setting on the table, and lifted an eyebrow at Sherlock.
From time to time, he would lift his gaze to look at Lestrade. There was something odd in his behaviour today, he seemed...
“A second option would involve going to the States and find Miss Patrick’s earlier associations…” Sherlock added after a moment, eyes fixed on the photos.
“How will I know?” John whispered fiercely behind him as Sherlock stopped right in his tracks below the door frame, he looked back at John over his shoulder and with his voice very low and serious he simply said, “You will.”
“Hang on,” John said, walking to the table and picking up a glass of water and a small white pill, Sherlock lifted one eyebrow and put his arms down. “Here, take this… it will help with the swelling that’s not there and make you as good as new,” John explained with a wink, “As good as new as a well-placed candy can make you, anyway. Careful with the mint.”
"Sherlock… what is wrong with you?" this time the doctor stopped to look properly at Sherlock, who sighed and kept on walking, taking the sleeve of John's jacket, making him move.
"Yes. But it seems to me that we're not heading to a facility, Lestrade gave us a different address, it wasn't in the list the man gave us."
Both; the DI and John watched closely how Sherlock got closer to a red car, it wasn't old but wasn't brand new either. Sherlock walked around the vehicle a couple of times, he opened the passenger door and, taking his magnifier glass, he watched carefully the wheel, then at the box next to the driver's seat. He lifted the cover of it and placed his hand where his eyes couldn't reach. After a couple of minutes searching in the most common and uncommon places, Sherlock let out an affirmative hum. He got closer to John and Lestrade with a card in his hand.
He had to admit it pained him. And it confused him even when everything in his mind was in order. On one hand he was relieved; his mind being in order was something he could trust for sure and then the events that would follow he knew exactly what to do. On the other hand, he knew Mycroft was right. He cared, deeply, about John. He knew it.
"Yeah... I thought at first that they might be family enemies. It's not difficult to find them when you belong to this kind of clans, you know, much less
Since the other day, when John reminded him about the incident with Mycroft from years ago, he took a hold of all of the opportunities he’d had to have a partner. There was Molly, for example. He remembered she had joined Bart’s mortuary staff when she was very young. But even though he was five years her senior, he trusted she could handle everything right. There was nothing odd about her, and she was easy to scan. He liked her for being so natural. He was really fond of her... as a friend. Every time she asked him out for coffee he tried to act clueless, he tried to avoid the contact. He knew, someone like her being with someone like him, would make her no good. She was the kind of woman to expect a lot of attention, and he couldn't give her that.
"We wait!" Sherlock looked around frantically, searching for a spot with good view to wait for the boat. According to Lestrade, a new boat should be arriving today, but there were no signs of any arrival or sailing. It was probable that the boat would arrive anytime soon, since the weather was getting uglier. "Follow me!" Sherlock screamed to the doctor, who followed him to a medium sized steel container with lots of nets and boats' supplies. Surprisingly, it was neat inside.
"No." It was only a question, of course he couldn't, nobody could answer that question. Perhaps not even Sherlock himself, now that he thought about it. What would have been Sherlock's answer? "Sorry, I can't."
With a content sigh and a proud expression, John sat next to Sherlock. The detective wore a serious, indescribable one.
After a very useful video tutorial about database hacking, he checked the time and noticed with horror that only five minutes had passed. The video had been only four minutes long.
"Lestrade, shut up!" Sherlock's scream was muffled by the pillow. "You're making my mind palace to fall! Into little... small... tiny pieces!"
"You know, John, when sleeping on your right side, your snoring is less-" he turned around as he spoke, he saw John's exasperated face and Lestrade's amused one. "Oh."
With almost an animal instinct, John kissed his neck again. The action only made Sherlock to moan a bit louder and throw his head back, giving John more skin to kiss and lick. John nibbled his ear, licked all the way down to his nipple, circling it. Then he kissed his chest, went all the way back to his chin, he nibbled there, then down to the collarbone again...
The minutes passed by and a knot was slowly developing at the base of his stomach. Again, he eyed the contents of the tray, appetite wasn't his friend today, definitely. Where the bloody hell was Sherlock, by the way? He had told John he shouldn't take long with the lab papers of the case.
"I need any information you can get from that man. I need him alive... and in prison." Sherlock arranged his scarf back around his neck.
"Jesus!" Sherlock almost threw the cup away, but realised it was a fake almost, almost immediately. A real one should have moved,
"See the closed canal over there?" Sherlock stretched his arm above John's shoulder and pointed his index finger to the spot with both signs. "People from the lab used that water for toxic wastes. They closed it, of course." John felt a weight on his right shoulder. By the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock supporting his chin there, applying all the weight of his heavy head. "It was a very well known fact here, I doubt you heard about it, you were invading Afghanistan at that time." A little puff of air against his ear let John know that Sherlock was now smiling at his own words. That... and the proximity of the detective.
"John. Right now, your posture suggest acceptance for those who are gone, you know that very well, you're a military man." Sherlock switched the book he was reading for another book nearby and proceeded, "Your sigh, and the way you threw your much appreciated books over the shelf implies you are... I could say angry, but giving the circumstances; you're coming home two a.m., it can only be translated to frustration. Something you think of as an injustice. So, the driver that caused the accident." The last sentence was said very slowly and carefully. Sherlock knew he was right. John turned to his friend.
"Sucked me, you know... oh God..." John fell back on the bed, his hand over his eyes, "I can't believe it..."
come any closer,” Sherlock said in a rush, his scratchy voice carrying along the corridor with no fear of the cameras that had been turned off by the Yarders.
“We did but the cameras had nothing at all, there is no change in the background or-” The sound of an engine could be heard in the distance and Sherlock shut his mouth as the light filtered through the curtains next room. A car was being parked in the drive.
"I proved myself by seducing you over the phone once... and I'm sure I can do it again, so why can't it work on another subject?"
"I will never do that." the younger man walked to Mycroft, standing in front and taking a big gulp of air. "I've seen innocent people going down thanks to my family pulling their strings." Armand tried to ignore the weakened state of his knees when he saw how Mycroft opened big eyes at that, "I went to see your brother because I'm convinced he can make the
Martin held both hands in the air as though in surrender. “I made my own conclusion and I apologise. I just thought that maybe, you two also being publicly friends, it could be a bit…” He lifted his right brow and looked right into Sherlock’s eyes. “What I mean is… I worked with my companion, we became friends. In a big operation, we were given something that I never knew what was. We had sex in the end, the violent kind. We couldn’t continue being friends afterwards, and I regret it immensely. Don’t get me wrong.” Martin smirked. “I do think you’re insanely attractive, but that’s not why I’m offering. I just wanted to leave the option open, in case you needed…”
"Oh. Well, you should tell your friend you prefer pink over lavender, don't you think? Aha! There you are, you bloody drug trace, almost fading, but there you are…"
"Sorry." Mycroft muttered as he took his phone from his pocket and saw the incoming call, he furrowed his lips when he saw the number. Giving a long sigh, he answered. "Gregory."
But on the other hand, Sherlock was frightened, he had never opened to anyone before, there was so much he wanted to tell John... his mind's barriers were falling apart, and suddenly all of the rooms of his palace had an underground access to John's room. He was at lost. It was all impossible to classify and sort, but he was still curious about all this. He would make sure to collect all of this data and then take a time to think and put an order to all but... later.
“Of course,” Sherlock nodded. “This is all without compromise. If you don’t want to work with us after knowing what we have to offer, just feel free to say so.” Sherlock smiled as sweetly as he could. “We brought the standard ERP software model to show you, if you’d like to see it.”
"You do realise you do that out loud, don't you." Sherlock was containing a smile and John snorted at that.
Remembering a couple of Mycroft's words, he walked away from Louis and his gang, but Louis followed him just when he turned around a corner.
Soon Sherlock was browsing the contents of the phone; maybe he could find something useful there. After some minutes in silence, Armand lifted himself from the chair slowly.
I must add, we all know some scripts and some memories are not mine, those belong to the geniuses - BBC Sherlock's writers - and the genius behind, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
"I don't know... I would like to have some peace finally and let him sleep... but he needs to eat as well so... hard decision uh."
"Okay. Well, just wait here, Sherlock is, uh... I mean, we can discuss the case meanwhile, but you must know, he is the one to decide if the case will be taken or not."
John had stopped what he was doing, his hand mid-massage on Sherlock’s thighs. Sherlock squirmed a bit, but John was clearly not paying attention. That was the moment Sherlock realised he had an infamous erection pressing against the soft linen covering of the stretcher.
So John darted his brows up, but didn't say a word, Sherlock swallowed his mouthful and continued. "That time I told you about Mycroft. You must know, John, my brother's brain works like mine. His deduction's skills are impeccable. But I reckon telling you; he is also too lazy to follow a lead. He would prefer to be seen as mistaken before going out to the field to prove he's right..."
" Jack got closer to John, he startled. He was so into Sherlock that he had forgot about him completely.
“I… I started to concentrate on what I wanted. You know what they say, don’t you? You don’t know what you have until you’ve lost it. When I noticed I could make you smile and laugh like before… I think I started to be… grateful?” He pulled a face. John smiled through his frown, his eyes were so very intent. “Also…” Sherlock sighed. He looked down. “Also…”
They were panting softly now. Sherlock had an unknown expression, one John had never seen before. He suddenly seemed so young, John even thought he was committing a felony. John felt a strange sensation of power. He had to kiss Sherlock again. But this time, the kiss was harsh, rude. The detective let out some restrained noises in his throat as John kissed him full force. They fell back on the bed, Sherlock's head over the pillow he was before with a light thud. John managed to support himself with his arm right next to Sherlock's head not to crash over the man below.
“You can’t have spelling errors in a crossword, it beats the entire purpose.” The detective mumbled into John’s ear, before adjusting his head further away. His hand had magically made its way onto John’s lap, resting where his leg touched his stomach. This position made his back scream in discomfort, but the doctor hadn’t moved the hand away, so his back was simply going to have to adjust.
“You said you’d be able to figure out the lead over night, and be back at the Yard by sunrise,” Lestrade raised his voice, mumbling a
“How long have you known this man and you still pretend to not know his name?”John chuckled, picking out a rather big piece of tomato from his sandwich.
“Sherlock, I- I have to go to work you can’t just-” Sherlock grinded, or tried to, once again. His movements were awkward, but that didn’t stop from John from enjoying it a
i know i released a chapter less than 24 hours ago but im writing ahead and i just got to a /really/ good part. bit short, i know.
“He said he was on a stake last night and would be back the second the Yard opened the doors. Didn’t show, was worried he got hurt. Did he tell you about the-?” Lestrade poked angrily at his eye, gesturing a bit too enthusiastically
“But it will be- then you can show it to them, and be like ‘my amazing brain helped solve this impossible puzzle for my John Watson’.”
look i went to the isle of wight once when i was 12 and all i remember is that sodding garlic farm and i didn't want them at a garlic farm. sorry its a bit vague i didn't want to incorrectly describe these places.
This chapter got really dark. I mean it. It features forced sexual acts with a corpse. It doesn't happen voluntarily and is not coded in a positive way, therefore I don't think it's right to call it necrophilia. Enforced desecration of a dead body applies way better. Please, heed the tags and this warning.
But Sherlock stays at arm’s length away. “How much do you know?” He asks breathlessly. John's suddenly not sure if he's still shamming.
Sherlock has, of course, to clean up his mess. But it's a Sisyphean task, for as he's licking his sticky precome from John's belly, he continuously trickles yet more thin goo onto the sheets. Mycroft pushes his face into the mess he's made. John makes Sherlock suck it from the linen while Mycroft orders breakfast.
A raw scream escapes Mycroft's throat as he slams into Sherlock again and again, until he suddenly goes rigid. He's coming deep inside Sherlock's body, and Sherlock lies perfectly still and receives his load.
As he lowers himself Sherlock obediently pushes his tongue inside him, lapping and sucking at his rim just the way he knows John likes.
“No.” John barely remembers the day. He drowned it in Tequila. “But Mrs Hudson went. She told me it was very decent.”
“It... it's unbelievable, Mycroft. Please, can you move? I want to feel you both inside me.” Sherlock begs, throwing back his head in triumph.
Sherlock groans as he tries to steady himself. Moriarty might as well think it has something to do with his groping.
They relocate into the large drawing room afterwards. The far wall is taken up by one huge window, overlooking the garden. It's by now totally dark outside. A fire is burning in the crate, warming the air. Mycroft and John sit down on a massive grey couch facing the window while Sherlock keeps standing, his back to the glass.
John grins as he eventually tucks himself away. “God, look at you. You get hard when I use you like this.” Sherlock just moans again and writhes in the rapidly cooling puddle of piss on the floor. “Stop it. Come on, get up.”
“About the piss thing? No.” John had actually felt quite inebriated – and that had made him reckless.
As Sherlock stuffs two come-covered fingers deep into his mouth, John touches his right nipple ring with his free hand and pulls slightly. Sherlock moans around his digits, almost in surprise, and comes, still frantically sucking. Yet he keeps his hips still as John had told him, perfectly obedient. John watches as thick streaks of come coat his hand while he works him through it, almost hitting Sherlock on the chin.
John has paid attention that the nasogastric tube protruding from his nose is not wedge in under the mask. It sticks out from his otherwise black rubber face. Sherlock can feel John fumble with it, elongating it by attaching another tube or hose. Sherlock stands still and waits. His arms start to hurt slightly from the stretch, but he's too excited right now to perceive this as aggravating.
“So, you fucked someone, while downstairs one of your guests was castrated and a little girl got brutally killed?” Sally's voice is almost gentle now. Kate just nods, casting her eyes down onto the floor. John sighs and shakes his head. When Sally looks up and over, their eyes meet.
Sherlock stares, unblinking. The idea of getting fucked by this cock tonight is suddenly overwhelming.
“Spread your legs.” Ok, Sherlock thinks, here we go. He'd wanted this but nevertheless clenches and hisses as a cold dollop of lubricant hits his anus. John's latex covered fingers rub it quickly over his hole and then Sherlock can feel cold metal scraping over his entrance.
However, a quick look around shows Sherlock that this is not an ordinary room. For example, the wall to his left is covered by an enormous mirror. On a sideboard to the right lie paddles, crops, canes and whips in different shapes and sizes. Irene walks over there and opens the drawers. Sherlock glimpses ropes and shiny stainless steel.
“Precisely. And for me to escape them, I need you to distract them. Your pyjamas will be a great help with that.” Sherlock smirks, glancing down at John's crotch.
“God, look at you.” Mycroft whispers as he embraces his brother from behind, rolling his abused, dark-red nubs between thumb and forefinger. Sherlock draws a shuddering breath but raises his eyes to look at himself in the antique mirror: hair wet and dripping, eyes wide and dark, mouth swollen, lips slightly blue from the icy water, pale skin rubbed a blotchy pink in places where it’s pulled taut over his fine bone structure. He already looks wrecked, yet they have barely begun. His eyes dart to his left, where he can see the reflection of John, his face closed-off, expression unreadable. But when their eyes meet in the mirror, something briefly flickers over John's features... a mixture of sadness and longing that makes Sherlock frown. Why is John looking at him like this?
But as he's slowly coming round, Sherlock decides to make an effort and open his eyes. John is sitting next to him in bed, the
Sherlock leans back until his spine makes contact with the slightly tilted backrest. Due to the stiff corset, it's almost impossible for him to arch his back. He's totally immobilised, only able to tentatively turn his head above the high collar.
But Moriarty slowly advances, making for the exit, a mad grin on his face as he threatens John with the sharp knife, gleaming in the cold neon light. John knows that it'll only take a few moments until Moriarty reaches him if he continues to block the door. He had undergone close combat training when in the army, but was way younger back than, ten pounds lighter and didn't sport a shoulder wound. John isn't sure if he'll be able to disarm Moriarty without getting seriously hurt. But he'll be damned if he lets the evil creature escape again. John stands his ground.
“God, you are so tight. It feels like it’s your first time.” John gasps out between gritted teeth, before dropping the candle to the floor, grabbing Sherlock's narrow hips in a death grip, speeding up.
Sherlock nods, if a little dazed. John helps him up and holds out the Belstaff for him to cover himself.
Mycroft's hand twitches mid-air before it falls back onto the handle of his umbrella. All put on friendliness is suddenly gone from his tone: “You have no idea what you've got yourself into. Do you seriously think I'll let this slip?”
“You won't be able to sit for a while, Sherlock. But then, I imagine John will make you kneel anyway. Now, let me take a look at how big that toy is you stuffed up you greedy arsehole.”
“Thank you John. But I'm so thirsty, John. Please, can I drink some more piss.” Sherlock begs John, looking up at him through his lashes. John takes the bottle from the fridge again and pours the yellow liquid down Sherlock's throat. He swallows greedily until the bottle is empty. But John has had a beer after all, so he fills it up again while Sherlock holds it, licking John's cock clean when he's finished.
“Amazing. Intense... Oh god, John.” Sherlock’s cock is bobbing in front of him, dark pink and dripping. Yet he can’t touch it. It’s maddening.
Sherlock can only watch from the corner of his eyes. He's kneeling in front of the couch as both John and Mycroft use his gaping mouth in turns to shove their hard cocks down his throat. They alternate. In between, he has to masturbate them, his gloved fingers slick with lube.
John watches, enthralled, then speeds his movements up even more, fucking Sherlock so hard that the chair slams repeatedly into the wall. When John eventually comes, he groans like he is in pain while biting so hard down onto Sherlock's left nipple that he draws blood.
“God, this looks so hot.” John breathes into Sherlock's ear. He knows that he still can't yet use weights, but nevertheless...
“Jesus.” John pants, pulling out and collapsing onto the bed. Sherlock's wet mouth slides off of the dildo, a thick bead of spit clinging to the black rubber head. He stays upright long enough for John to watch his come leak out of his hole, running over his balls and dripping onto the duvet.
“How long... how long do you think Miss Adler will leave me like this?” Kate asks with a weak voice, but her nipples are hard, her breathing is ragged and her pupils have dilated.
He removes the plug in one swift motion. Sherlock gasps as its bulbous head breaches him. His hole flutters shut, now empty, twitching enticingly for John to push inside. Blood is still running down Sherlock's crack, and John smears it over the pale globes of Sherlock's arse until they are painted in varying shades of rusty crimson. It looks and smells like a slaughterhouse: blood, sweat, musk, fear, heat. Its primal. It's intoxicating.
“Because, as I said before, I had to make do. Sigerson is the right age and height. That wasn't easy to get hold of.” Now it's John's turn to huff in indignation. As if to appease him, Sherlock states: “We have to bleach my hair again.” He sighs, sounding rather unhappy. “You can help me with that tomorrow.”
Sherlock gasps at the idea, his hips bucking of their own account. John pushes the two fingers he'd just had up his arse into his mouth to quieten him. This is not a decision in which Sherlock will have any say.
Sherlock's head falls back against the backrest as John let's go of him to squeeze lube onto Mycroft's gloved left hand. It's not as easy to work in as the first, but after some probing and prodding it breaches Sherlock's body as well, sliding inside. Mycroft has suddenly both his hands up Sherlock's arse, hot, tight heat engulfing him.
Sherlock sees himself, standing in a long panelled corridor, doors at either side. He is running, skittering over the polished wooden floor, desperately looking for something to calm him, to distract him from what he's about to do.
They walk into the room next door without even knocking and quietly close the door behind them. Thank god, all the rooms at Miss Adler's etablissement are soundproof; because Kate is by now screaming as Sergeant Donovan lets yet another shower of fierce blows rain down on her body. The sobbing woman crouches on her hands and knees in the middle of the room, her hair loose hiding her face. Her arms and legs are quivering and she clearly has trouble staying on all fours. Angry red welts cover every visible inch of her body, from neck to feet. But Sally's arm doesn't waver.
“Because I do as well.” Donovan grins, and before Sherlock can say anything to that, John enters. He's not only brought a first aid kit, but also a catheter.
“I think he might be coming again.” Irene, who is standing by and watches, states almost in awe, and that makes John only harder as he drives into Sherlock's willing body without remorse. “Get the plug,” he gasps out, and then he can feel his cock pulsing deep inside Sherlock, shooting load after load of hot come up his arse while Sherlock's cock twitches in sympathy. It's obviously not as much semen as before but still Sherlock manages to shoot pearly come all over his stomach and chest.
“Well, after your rather spectacular exit, I expected something clever.” Mycroft seems surprised by John's answer, flustered even.
They don't pause when reaching the main dance floor of the club, packed with sweaty bodies. Instead, John steers them left and through a metal double door that leads to a concrete stairwell. It's much quieter in here as they descend into the belly of the building. People are sitting on the steps, smoking, drinking or just chilling. Some glance up when John and Sherlock pass; others are lost in their own world, with eyes closed, their heads leaning back against the cold, grey walls.
“Hadn't thought this was your cup of tea, Holmes...” Donovan teases Sherlock, looking at him over her shoulder. “I know your brother is a regular here, but I hadn't put you down for this sort of thing. Any sort of thing, to be honest.”
“I can't hear you.” Rossi speeds up further. Sherlock can feel how turned on the man is by his submission, his fat cock pounding ruthlessly into him, fucking him sore.
“God, I've missed you.” John squeezes Sherlock's groin through his jeans with his free hand. Discovering that Sherlock isn't wearing any pants, John can feel his semi-erect cock, swollen and hardening despite the chastity device John had put on him two weeks ago back in Amsterdam.
He's still shaking when they take him down a moment later. He wants to drop to the floor, boneless, but someone is holding him up.
Sherlock sheds his clothes quick and efficiently, neatly folding them before placing them on the sofa seat behind him. Irene allows him to stand up the remove his trousers, shoes and socks. Sherlock has never been self-conscious but getting naked in an unfamiliar sitting room feels kind of odd even for him.
John swallows, thickly, then shrugs. “He'll need me until the case is over. You know, he'll be preoccupied until he's solved it. Just give me a few more days to prepare him and detach myself, ok?” John tries not to sound too eager but is not sure if he succeeds. One never knows with the Holmes's brothers.
“Very nice.” Mycroft murmurs. Sherlock needs his brother to touch him again and tilts his hips, pushing his arse up, but that only earns him a sharp slap to his left cheek. Sherlock gasps and shivers all over. “Bit overexcited, though.” Mycroft comments.
One of his hands is slung around her waist and pressed against her belly to gain more leverage while controlling her movements (Sherlock does not fancy a broken nose right now); his other hand sneaks between John's legs to cup his balls and gently massage them. John utters a string of profanities and pounds into Kate once, twice before his ragged breath stutters and he almost grunts as he comes.
Sherlock is sitting at the bar, reading The Guardian, a glass of white wine next to his elbow. Upon setting eyes on him, John feels as if struck by lightning. A sharp bolt of arousal shoots through his body as he takes his lover in: blue jeans, a tight white t-shirt, Converse. His hair is cut very short and dyed blond (John, on the other hand, has grown a reddish beard to match his passport photograph). Sherlock looks so young, just about twenty, willowy thin yet sinewy, the muscles on his lean bare arms clearly showing. When he shifts a little on his high bar stool, John grins.
John stares down into Sherlock's eyes, glazed over with lust. “Would you like to suck your Daddy's dick, Sherlock? Like I taught you to? On your knees, taking him deep, almost gagging on his massive prick?”
But for now, Sherlock savours Greg sucking him a bit more, even probing Sherlock's loose hole with his tongue. When Greg eventually removes his mouth and replaces it with his cock, Sherlock's rectum is loose and greedily suck the fat glans in. Lestrade is big, even bigger than John, almost freakishly large, and Sherlock shudders and keens while Greg steadily pushes in until he's seated ball's deep into Sherlock's body.
Sherlock's arms and legs are shaking and threatening to give out. John can see that he's had enough. He nudges Sherlock's hip with his elbow, and the pliant, exhausted body sinks down beside him with a content sigh. John pulls him close despite the weak hiss that escapes Sherlock as John's flaccid groin is pressed against his sensitive arse.
When he opens his bag Sherlock's eyes go wide and his pulse quickens. Meticulously John sets out the content on their kitchen table: two screw top jars, a plastic-wrapped syringe, a black tourniquet, latex gloves, a small sachet of medical lubricant, black hemp rope and a chrome device not unlike some futuristic scissors, only with three blades instead of two and a screw in the middle of the handle. Sherlock is equal parts horrified and aroused by this display and looks questioningly over to John.
John freezes, blinks. Takes a deep breath. “I completely trust him. I know him. He's the best and wisest human being I've ever known...”
He pushes the first one open. A post-mortem is clearly in progress. John mumbles something intelligible, sounding vaguely like an apology, as he retreats.
When John orders him again to open, Sherlock obediently does without hesitation. This is the treatment a human toilet deserves. He eagerly sucks the toilet brush it clean, swallowing down his own puke with relish. Suddenly, the taste isn’t that vile anymore. He could get used to it.
As Mycroft closes the door, giving John one last pointed look, the only thought he's able to voice is a heartfelt
John groans. “Sherlock, I'm in my pyjamas, and half of London's yellow press is already camping on our doorstep...”
“Relax.” John tells him softly, brushing his hair back that's almost dipping into the filthy swill. As he pulls the plug free, a gush of dirty water mixed with blood and mucus rushes from Sherlock's rectum. He cries out in pain and his hands slip on the ceramic, scrambling in the mucky sludge. His head hangs low between his shoulders. John touches his hip and tries to make him sit up, staring down at the destruction he's caused.
“Lovely.” Sherlock sighs, locking eyes with John, almost drowning in his dark blue gaze. “I'm so full. You are both filling me up. God! It's so good, so much. Thank you.”
He's longed for being filled the whole week. The drugs have helped to keep his need at bay, but now it just feels incredible, despite his cauterised arse cheeks. He desperately wants to fuck himself, longs to bob up and down on the toy, but John has ordered him to sit, so he just sinks down on it until his abused buttocks meet the seat.
“Please, John, use me.” Sherlock pants. “Do what you like with me. Fuck my hole, my mouth... I'll take it. Everything... stuff me with your cock... please, I need it so badly. I want to be your good slut, just give me what I deserve. Oh god, it hurts... John, please, it hurts so good. Make me bleed, make me cry. Please,
When Sherlock can taste the first droplets of salty piss dabble his mouth, he tries to moan, but it comes out as some kind of gurgle. Upside down, with a spider gag keeping him open, he can't gulp John's urine down, as much as he wants to. But he can revel the taste of it before it runs in rivulets out of his mouth, filling his nostrils, bathing his face in John's release. He closes his eyes and just enjoys warm piss drenching him. He loves it.
John stares at her and it takes a moment before he recognises that she holds her key card in her outstretched hand.
Sherlock closes his eyes and licks into the corpse's mouth. It tastes horrible – stale, mouldy – but he tries to ignore the smell, the unmistakeably flavour of death, the feel of frigid flesh against his dry, chafed lips.
“God, you look gorgeous.” John whispers as he's finished and Sherlock's wounds are displayed in all their glory. His back is covered in a criss-cross pattern of bright red welts, some split open, not bleeding anymore but the shallow cuts reveal vulnerable flesh. The wounds to his upper arms are slightly deeper and must hurt like hell. John gets his mobile out and takes a picture of Sherlock crouching on the floor, head hanging low, like some Christian martyr in a medieval painting, bearing the marks of his suffering. He's so thin that his vertebrae are clearly visible beneath his white skin.
As John pounds into him with abandon, Sherlock is only able to make muffled sounds, guttural purrs, vibrating in his throat. Their eyes never leave each other as John stares down on him, eyes dark.
As his arse is gaping open, Mycroft swiftly makes good use of it, pushing all the way in until his balls hit Sherlock's slightly sticky perineum. Sherlock chokes on a moan, because his brother's cock is much longer than the plug, filling him to the rim. Without additional lubrication, they both can feel every move much more intensely.
There are D-rings at the sides of the bag; John could lace him up even tighter. But they don't have rope at hand tonight, and to be honest, the experience is already overwhelming enough.
Finally, Sherlock can feel Lestrade's hole flutter against his lips and his balls drawing tight, while his panting goes even more ragged. Mycroft asks: “Are you close, Greg?” To which Lestrade only grunts as an answer.
Suddenly, a single finger if breaching him, pushing inside his hole. Mycroft immediately starts to rub his prostate without mercy, which in return also stimulates Sherlock’s bladder, encouraging it to empty itself faster. The feeling is like nothing Sherlock has ever experienced. He whines in despair, but Mycroft doesn’t stop. Contrary, he even speeds up, pressing down harder. Sherlock can feel his orgasm building, a sharp tingling down his spine. His balls tighten, his abdominal muscles clench, and when it hits him, his whole body spasms as he’s making helpless noises behind the rubber mask. His hips buck involuntarily while he shakes like a leave in John’s tight grip.
Instead of an answer, John drags him into the bathroom by his hair, on all fours, regardless of Sherlock's screams. He tries to pry John's hands away from his short curls but John only grabs him tighter.
Sherlock is forced to stand quite still to avoid putting strain on his nipple rings. Which isn't easy when you have to balance your weight almost on pointe, without the support of your arms. It's not getting any easier as John removes the cock cage and starts to give Sherlock a very slow hand job.
“Gag. Asphyxiation. Exhaustion. Your head might be under water. Or your mouth might be filled with cock. Just a few examples.”
“This will break his skin.” John objects, but nevertheless returns with an innocently looking, thin cane.
“I think I had an idea how to get you to eat.” John grins down at Sherlock who just huffs in indignation. That is, until John takes his boxers off and kneels next to Sherlock's head on the bed.
John's breathing is becoming laboured. His foreskin glides back from the wet glans with every pull of his hand, making an obscene, slapping sound. On the upstroke, he twists his fingers ever so slightly, brushing his thumb over the glistening slit.
“That little slut seems truly floored, mate.” Another man, this one sporting a not too clean chequered flannel shirt, barks out.
When John removes his fingers, Mycroft is leaning over. He holds a piece of melon in front of Sherlock's mouth to bite into it. But instead of letting him chew it, Mycroft closes the distance and sucks the fruit from Sherlock's mouth, his tongue darting out, licking at Sherlock's shiny lips. Sherlock opens under the onslaught, offering himself up, whimpering with need as his eyes flutter shut. Then Mycroft is gone again, leaning back in his chair, but Sherlock can see the bulge between his crossed legs, ruining the line of his bespoke suit.
Sherlock struggles in his bounds. His skin burns from the stings and he has trouble concentrating. The thorns feel longish. He takes a few deep breaths and suddenly it hits him. There's a sour smell in the air, almost like... semen? But John didn't come, and neither did he. Ah, clever, very clever...
As John has found the sweet spot inside Sherlock he aims for it mercilessly. Sherlock bites down on his free hand, curled into a tight fist and pressed against his mouth, to stop yelling with every hit John takes on his prostate. His abdominal muscles flex and heave as he tries to control his ragged breathing but he still feels on the brink to hyperventilation.
John seems to enjoy masturbating in front of him. He lazily strokes himself, smearing his precome all over his shaft. His pubic hair is drenched with Sherlock's spit. His balls are drawn extremely tight.
Sherlock squirms again and is nicely reminded of the object up his arse. “It's nothing specific. It's more about sensations. Being held down, being confined, tied up. This sort of thing. Restraint, unable to move, helpless. To be at someone's mercy, to surrender. That sort of thing.” Sherlock looks up through his lashes, a light blush darkening his pale cheeks.
“Let me start by telling you that I will take into account that this is all new to you. Anyway, it's my duty to point your flaws and errors out to you, so that you can avoid such behaviour in the future. Do you agree?”
But now he has no time to wonder what's going on here. He smells it just a fracture of a second before a wet cloth is pressed over his face. He can't turn around, and there's no time to struggle, as his legs immediately give out beneath him while his vision darkens.
Sherlock is quick to catch on. He slicks up the bottle-neck, places the full bottle on the floor, squats over it and slowly sinks down.
It is quiet under the old trees and hedges, forming dense thickets, offering secluded hiding places. Benches and statues are scattered around the odd small pond. Sherlock and John end up in some kind of evergreen grove with an old marble settee in the middle. Through the trees, Sherlock spots some kind of small house that resembles a shed but is elaborately decorated with white stucco vine.
“Sherlock, look, what a mess you've made in your lovely little panties. Are you getting all wet for me?”
The next sound he hears is a sharp hiss in the air. “I want to pay your beautiful arse some attention.” John explains, just before the first blow hits Sherlock's clenched cheeks. Now it's his turn to hiss.
John starts to caress Sherlock's glistening cockhead with his thumb, rubbing at the slit before massaging Sherlock's frenulum. His other hand cups Sherlock's balls under the tight lace and squeezes them. It feels exquisite, the thin sleek fabric stretching over hot hard flesh, the distinctly female garments hardly covering a distinctly male body.
John watches, enraptured. Sherlock tries to plead with his eyes but John's face stays somewhat closed off. Eventually, Sherlock twists on the floor, almost throwing Mark off of him.
“I think we should show some gratitude towards you, Senior Acri. Would you allow my sub to clean your fucktoy up?”
John is browsing the rows of hangers filled with shiny, frilly garments in all the colours of the rainbow at Intimissimi on Oxford Street, wondering how many shapes and cuts are available: French knickers made of transparent lace, tiny G-strings with only a square centimetre of slippery satin to cover up the most private parts, panties decorated with sparkling Swarowski stones; there's even a shape called Brazilian cut...
Later, John couldn't have said what exactly it had been that made him look again. Was it that he was expecting someone? Or some vague familiarity his brain caught on but didn't translate immediately? He's not sure, yet he looks once more at the woman, giving her a quick once-over from the corner of his eye. She's rather tall, even when sitting, and thin, like a model; a grey scarf is wrapped around her neck, a bit unusual for the warm weather.
“A few hours. We left... a little after midnight?” Sherlock nods in confirmation, despite being unable to remember either the time or how they reached their hotel.
It doesn't take long afterwards. The man is panting and gasping behind Sherlock, who starts to moan in order to get him off more quickly. He even clenches and pushes back, begging “Yes, yes… oh my god, please…”
“Yes, John.” Sherlock pants between smacks, tasting blood when John splits his lip. “Teach me. Punish me. I need it. Badly.”
“What is it with you tonight?” John hisses. Sherlock glares up at him from his feral eyes. He's enraged, John realises. Very good! His temper seems finally to return.
“Jesus”, John mumbles, resting his head against Sherlock's collar bone, fighting for breath. It takes a minute before he can sit upright again. “Are you alright?” he asks, absent-mindedly brushing one of his come-covered hands though Sherlock’s curls.
Soon, Sherlock can't control himself, despite the pain, and bucks into John's fist as an answer to every stroke. Each thrust is accompanied by a guttural moan. Sweat runs down his face and his body is flushed pink down to his navel while his abdominal muscles flex and quiver – he's the epitome of debauchery. His nipples are getting stretched a little with every thrust, the silver rings gleaming in the dim light.
Eventually, John gets a flannel and a bowl of hot water from the bathroom and starts to wash Sherlock's lithe, trembling body. He catalogues all the bruises and other marks he's left on the white skin over the past weeks, kissing welts and scars, as Sherlock looks on from brightly radiant eyes. When Sherlock is cleaned up, John gets the violet satin kimono from the bedroom and drapes it over Sherlock's narrow shoulders, before pulling him into his arms on the couch.
“Sherlock, please look at me.” John whispers into curls, damp with sweat and tears. “It's over. He's dead. Please, love, look at me. Please.”
Sherlock is too stunned and surprised to argue, just opens his mouth and and watches wide eyed – part fascinated, part disgusted – as Kate lets the viscid mixture of come and spit drip from her mouth and into Sherlock's. He can't bring himself to swallow and so the goo runs over his lips and down his chin. John leans forward in that chair and stares at the debauched sight of his pet while Kate rubs her twat with one hand and glazes Sherlock's face with John's release.
To his further desperation, John continues: “We'll leave you now. There's a camera, recording and transmitting to a surveillance room, in case you pass out or something unfortunate happens. In which case, we'll start all over again. We'll be back in about four hours.”
Sherlock had still been watching him over the rim of his glass. “Your turn.” He'd told John. “What’s your secret fantasy?” Could it be possible that his voice had dropped even lower than his usual deep baritone?
“You are insatiable. I've let you come three times today and still it's not enough for you. I think we should accept the invitation after all.”
Sherlock freezes, but not soon enough. Suddenly, there's a stinging pain at his neck, and then he can feel warm fluid ooze down his throat and clavicle. He balls his hands into fists as he tries desperately to stay quiet.
Be prepared for a Reichenbach scenario in this penultimate chapter. If this is not your cup of tea, better skip it - you'll still be able to understand the final chapter that'll come out next week.
When John is not jerking him off Sherlock turns onto his stomach and writhes against the rumpled sheets, seeking friction. He knows he's not allowed to come without John's hands on him, though. And by now, Sherlock complies with the rules.
“Jesus, Mycroft, you should see that horny slut. He's fucking himself on the phone. Come on, Sherlock, take it all.”
“Why do you think we have to take him one after the other? If he's so well prepared as you insinuate, won't he be able to take us both?”
Sherlock nods, his eyes two dark pools in his pale face, staring up at John, who now puts a few items down on the bed for Sherlock to see: weights, a collar, a leash, a spider gag, the double dildo they'd used the other night, mere weeks ago, but it somehow seems so much longer since.
Is he? He's not sure. He feels... nothing, really. The intense experience of being tied up, helpless, blind, silenced and objectified has left him dazed. He's not yet fully returned back into his body, this body. He seems stuck somewhere in between. He can't explain, but he feels adrift, detached – and not in a good way.
“No, John.” Sherlock casts his eyes down, defeated. Because it must be true, judging by his erection. Obviously, John knows best.
“Shut up and take it.” He hisses, but Sherlock continues to writhe on the bed and whines, his idle hands grabbing the sheets until he can't endure the pain any longer. He cups John's hands in a frantic gesture to make him stop, gagging and coughing so John looses his pace. Bubbles of spit well up in the corners of Sherlock's mouth. John slips free, thick beads of gooey saliva covering his cock and dripping from Sherlock's mouth, smearing the mess all over his face.
“I'm right here, right next to you. If you need anything, if it gets too much, just make a sound and I'll let you out. You look beautiful. Good night. If you stay like this till tomorrow, I'll fuck you, I promise.”
“You are still not fully recovered. Can you feel the water dripping out of your arse? You can't clench your muscles properly. See, that's why I'm not fucking you.”
He closes his eyes as a cool drop of spit hits his tight pucker. Still, he hisses when the probing finger breaches him, biting down on his naked forearm as the digit slides deeper and deeper inside him. When a second finger is added, he holds his breath, wishing for it to just be over soon.
“I'll show him all the welts and bruises on your body and tell him in detail what I did to you. How I hit you with a hairbrush until you passed out. How I flogged you with my belt over the kitchen table. How you begged me for it, to hit you really hard, to make you hurt.”
Sherlock is not used to this amount of food entering his body almost in one gush. To make matters worse, he's laced so tightly that he can hardly breathe. His stomach is positively crushed and compressed. He feels like bursting. But he can't prevent being filled.
He quickly loses track of where they are heading, until they stop a few minutes later in front of a small guest house. The woman produces a key from her bulbous handbag, opens the door, and leads John up a steep stair and into a spartanly furnished room. After locking the door, she sits down on the double bed and kicks her high-heels off. She has rather large, bony feet, John observes, the toenails painted pink as well.
“But you... you saved... what did...?” Mycroft has to close his eyes and suddenly looks old and haggard, the stress of the last hours clearly showing on his face.
As Sherlock's orgasm wrecks his lean body, John sits up and pushes in all the way up to his elbow; Sherlock's head sinks back against John's left shoulder, his body staying upright while impaled on John's arm. Therefore, John dares to remove his right hand to grab his own cock. He adjust himself until he can shoot his come all over Sherlock's arse, and coats his cleft as well as the black rubber protruding from it in thick ribbons of ejaculate.
Sherlock laughs out loud, but it sounds more bitter than amused. “Pity. I suppose it was rather nice. Mummy does have a talent for such things.”
But Sherlock is already too far gone, so John has to manhandle him, turning him onto his stomach before pulling him back and onto his knees by grabbing him around his midriff, his hands sliding through the smeared, tacky blood.
He tries to swallow and has to take another sip before being able to ask: “So, how do you want to do it. Here? Or somewhere a little easier to clean up. The bathroom?”
John fists both their cocks in one hand, sitting astride Sherlock's thighs, his other hand playing with Sherlock's nipple rings. He's going slowly; he doesn't really need to come again, but then he doesn't have a vibrator up his arse either. Sherlock, on the other hand, is moaning with every tug; when John rubs his cockhead against Sherlock's frenulum, he outright arches off the bed.
When John pulls a little, the stiff rubber glides almost fully out of Sherlock's hole. It makes a sloppy, wet noise and John grunts, pushing the toy back inside. Sherlock gasps in shock and arousal. It's so big! He'd never thought he'd be able to manage such a large toy. It had taken him quite some time to put it up his arse in the morning. He's not sure he can endure being violated like that much longer. But he will if that's what John wants.
To proof his willingness, Sherlock greedily continues sucking on John's rectum. He can feel Greg shift a bit behind him and suddenly something warm floods his arse. Sherlock is by now so used to liquid sloshing around in his bowels that he just moans and lasciviously starts to squirm against the sheets he'd already decorated with his come. The friction is cool and slippery and feels so exquisite that he hopes John will let him lie here forever.
“Right. Then I suggest you use him as such. Piss all over him, then make him get dressed and go home. He has to keep his shirt on all the way, of course, but no one will see him dripping with your piss under that great coat he chooses to wear all the time. Still, he will feel you all the way, your scent clinging to his skin.”
The initial shock intensifies as warm urine darkens his crotch. It's a lot, running down his legs and pooling on the floor. John looks at him, his smile tight. “You have to learn to obey faster. When I want you to piss yourself, you do it, no matter where you are or who’s around. Understood?” Sherlock nods. John lets him sit in his own piss for more than an hour before making him mop up his mess with his t-shirt. He has to wear it afterwards as he resumes the stretching of his anus, this time with the tunnel plug that stays up his arse for the rest of the day.
“You didn’t like it when I came all over Mark.” John says, brushing his thump over Sherlock’s swollen, wet lips.
John is squatting down by now and has opened the bag’s front zipper to part the fabric, smoothing it out. He's offering his hand to Sherlock again to help him sit down. Sherlock holds onto it as he lowers himself, his heart beating fast and hard against his ribcage. The neoprene feels surprisingly soft against his skin.
“Smile.” He says, and Sherlock tries as best he can, his reddened eyes looking up at John, trying to convey his gratitude because he's so very good to him despite Sherlock being an insufferable prat.
“Beautiful, so beautiful...” John sighs, looking down at the mess he's made, wiping come off Sherlock's chin with his thumb that he afterwards offers Sherlock to suck. Despite the cock cage, Sherlock can feel an orgasm building and chokes out an incoherent plea, throbbing in his confinement. It hurts more than it gives him satisfaction as his whole body cramps and trembles when his climax sears through him. He chokes and splutters, almost brought to breaking point. John watches in blissed-out fascination.
As he obediently tugs them away, Mycroft switches the telly off. “Let's go upstairs, shall we? I think it's time we prepare you for the night. Also, your supper is waiting.”
After a moment’s silence, the woman stands up, removes the grey scarf from her neck, pulls the flowery dress over her head, quickly unhooks her padded bra and sinks onto her knees.
“Come all over his face, come on, Greg, do it.” Mycroft almost yells over the phone, and Sherlock's greedy mouth is suddenly pushed back and away as Greg gets to his feed, grabbing his cock in his shaking fist.
“Well, I introduced him to Miss Adler. I thought he might like her. As it turns out, it seems to have been mutual attraction. But there's not much harm in that. Saint Clair was a useless waste of space, as a politician and as a human being. What Moriarty did actually saved the public some valuable resources.”
He steps back and lets the lip of the crop brush over Sherlock's buttocks. The black leather is a stark contrast to the pink skin.
Sherlock turns back again and looks over to Moriarty, who has moved again and is now standing next to one of the sheet covered stretchers near the freezer door. The grin on the man's face is outright chilling.
“Magnussen wants to meet just me. Alone.” Sherlock turns and fixes John with a strangely intense gaze. “You know how much I trust you, John. I just proved it again last night. Please, today, you have to trust me. I promise it will all be alright.” He looks way too serious for John's liking, but that might actually be a good thing for once.
The man actually fucking him slaps his arse hard, encouraging him to move. Sherlock tries, but the ketamine interferes with his sense of coordination. He just fidgets and flails helplessly. The man doesn’t stop hitting him, grunting obscenities.
John takes Sherlock's hand and leads him up into the attic. There, he positions Sherlock beneath the beam they'd used the last time. Quickly, John gets a long black hemp rope, attaches one end to Sherlock's left nipple, throws the rope over the beam and pulls it tight until Sherlock is forced to stand on tiptoe before he attaches the other end to Sherlock's right nipple. Sherlock groans a little as the rope tugs on his piercing.
It takes ages, because Mycroft goes excruciatingly slow. He has to master every ounce of his not insignificant self-control as to not pound into Sherlock hard and fast. But eventually, Mycroft is full seated next to John.
But as they are just about arriving at NSY, Mycroft only gives a curt nod. The driver opens the door and John gets out, glad to escape the suffocating closeness.
Sherlock knows exactly how this feels. With a sharp pang he realises how much he misses to be filled like this, getting his arse completely wrecked. John had been way too careful for his liking over the past days. He starts to squirm a little, clenching around the plug inside him, but one look from John makes him go still and rigid again.
“You have to surrender if this is going to work. You have to obey me. And that is only going to work if you trust me completely, Sherlock. Do you do that?”
Still, it's a minor shock when he feels his bladder slowly start to empty itself. He can't do anything to stop it while he experiences his own urine leaking out of his body involuntarily. John and Mycroft are suddenly close again. He can sense their warmth as they observe his physiological function.
The cab ride doesn't take long. The club they are heading to is located in an old power station, built during the early days of the long gone GDR. It's a massive square block of freestone, its front separated by large columns – like the Stalinist version of a Greek temple, built to house a sacred flame and not just profane boilers and transformers.
But instead of delivering the sort of thrashing Sherlock has expected, John walks over into the kitchen and drinks a glass of water before he returns to the living room, taking off all his remaining clothes until he's stark naked. As Sherlock cranes his neck, he can see John's thick hard cock bobbing proudly in front of his taut stomach.
Sherlock is too exhausted to plead or beg any longer. He just watches John, who sits on the coffee table and tries to get himself back together. The second orgasm today has drained him and he just needs a moment to contemplate the next steps. It's already getting dark outside. He has totally lost any sense of time.
Up there, they'll occupy three adjacent rooms, all connected via communicating doors. Sherlock's room is in the middle. There's a large bed in it, a chair, a mirror, and nothing else. Sherlock slumps down onto the mattress and waits while John and Mycroft unpack.
“I'd really like to come on your face now.” He says, unzipping, talking over Sherlock and his objections.
“Ormond Sacker? What kind of name is that, Sherlock? I sound like a total twat.” But he grins up at his lover, who beams back at him.
Suddenly, Sherlock can feel just one of John's fingers slightly spreading his cheeks rocking the base of the massive plug. The urge to push back against the touch, to undulate his hips is overwhelming, but as Sherlock is firmly held in place, he can only sigh wantonly.
“Good. You know I had girlfriends in the past.” Sherlock snorts a laugh at this that somehow eases the tension a bit. John smiles back at him. “I'm just saying I'm not exclusively into blokes. But you are?”
John uses the paddle quite expertly, dealing fierce blows to Sherlock's arse and thighs. Initially, Sherlock had forced himself to stay quiet, but after about the tenth stroke he can't stop little gasps and sobs escaping his mouth. These turn into groans at around the twentieth stroke.
When John slowly pulls the plug out, Sherlock makes the most exquisite noises, bucking his hips. His cock hangs heavy between his legs, straining against the edge of the bed. Yet he might rut as much as he likes, the cock ring will prevent him from coming. The friction will only tease his nipples as the chains pull on his silver rings.
“Don't follow us. In fact, you might want to ask your host about recording devices hidden in this room. I'm sure that'll be rewarding.” John hisses. Some of the men turn towards Mycroft, glaring at him angrily.
When John’s satisfied with his work, he grabs Sherlock's nape, right out biting down on Sherlock’s lower lip, sucking up blood before fucking his tongue inside Sherlock's slack mouth. Sherlock moans as their tongues brush and twirl, opening wide, and John can taste wax, come, piss and blood – the flavour of desperation and arousal. They groan into each other, John sucking on Sherlock's tongue, until they part for breath, pressing their brows together. Crimson droplets drip from Sherlock’s lips, resembling a debauched Snow White with his tousled black hair and his milky skin.
Sherlock, obviously unconscious. Tied down. Smeared with blood. His contorted face, slightly out of focus, blurred. Pale skin, so much of it. Eyes wide, clouded, dazed.
Sherlock takes on an inspiring case, but before he is allowed his reward for solving it quickly, he has to make it up to Lestrade while his big brother listens. Warning: Contains mild violence as well as inappropriate use of telephone receivers.
It doesn't take long for Sherlock to empty himself. Just to be sure, one of the servants squeezes a gloved finger into his sore hole and pokes his insides. Apparently satisfied with the result, he nods to his colleague, who quickly hoses Sherlock down with a water clyster and a flannel.
“Where are we going?” Sherlock asks as they drive into London. It's the first time he speaks during their journey. His voice sounds raw and strained.
Sherlock whimpers as John brutally fucks him with the wiry brush. The bristles scratch at his sensitive insides but John doesn't care, even as the white brush starts to show traces of red.
Sherlock's mouth obediently drops open with a low whimper as he swallows the toy down until his lips almost crush against the headboard.
As Sherlock sees the jar being placed on the table next to the other one he sincerely hopes that his ordeal is over for now. His body is still trying to come to terms with the contrary impressions of pleasure and pain at the same time. Luckily, the endorphins rushing through his veins make him dizzy.
“My beautiful boy.” John whispers, resolutely shoving any thought of Mycroft aside before delivering another firm smack to Sherlock's left arse cheek that sets what little flesh gathered there jiggling. There's not enough fat or tissue to wobble properly, but nevertheless, with a sudden wince, Sherlock twitches. Cold piss starts to dribble from his stretched hole.
There's a squelching sound, and then cold lube hits his rectum. But John has mercy and only uses three fingers to quickly slick him up before climbing on top of his thighs, straddling him before and sinking down.
John has to muster every ounce of mental strength at his command not to tell Mycroft exactly what fucked up games Moriarty had played with his brother. He reminds himself that the elder Holmes, for the sake of Sherlock's dignity and mental integrity, mustn't know what happened at the morgue.
“John, please...” Sherlock's voice is wrecked, impossible low. “Could you, please... could you piss on me?”
“Sherlock!” John demands more sternly, and that finally gets Sherlock attention and snaps him out of his reverie.
As John starts to pounds into Sherlock, urging him a forward, he demands: “Open. Come on, show me what a good cock slut you are.”
But both Mycroft and John don't seem in the mood for discussing his eating habits. Mycroft just shakes his head and sighs.
It will still be dark with non-con elements. They'll stay Dom John and sub Sherlock. Of course, by now, they know and trust each other and therefore can explore their kinks more freely. So, if you liked this story, maybe you want to check out how it continues. I hope to see you around.
They take him in the middle as they all slip naked under the luxurious covers made from Egyptian cotton. Sherlock can feel John's arm around his waist as his head is pulled back to rest against Mycroft's shoulder. It's cosy, comfortable; it only takes a moment for Sherlock to fall fast asleep.
John stares at him for a moment, eyes dark and serious. A muscle twitches at his jaw and he licks his lips before continuing in a somewhat warmer tone: “I'd ask you to pick a safe word, but knowing you, you wouldn't use it anyway. Which is not exactly a good thing. I want you to think about it over the next few days. You might come to a point where you honestly want to stop. I saw you the other day and you gave me the fright, I admit that much. Which is also not a good thing. You shouldn't put me in such a position. You'll be given the opportunity to change your mind when your brother returns, before we finalise the contract.” John swallows, then walks over to Sherlock and rakes his fingers through his silky curls. Sherlock melts into his touch. “Ok, let's begin.”
Sherlock stops and watches, and John gives him a moment to take the scene in: The tied up man's cock is jutting out red, thick and proud from a nest of light-brown curls between his spread legs (each tied to one of the chair's lion clawed feet). There's already dried wax visible on the pale, sensitive skin on the inside of his both forearms (fixed to the elaborately carved gilded armrests), on his heaving shoulders and covering both his peaked nipples.
Upon Sherlock's bewildered look, John explains: “We are going out. There's a place I think you'll find exciting. It's basically a large public lavatory. They'll make good use of you.”
But John doesn't show mercy. “Stay up.” He says firmly, grabbing Sherlock's short hair. “I thought you wanted to make me happy, Sherlock.”
“Come on, don't you like this?” The deep voice is mocking Sherlock. With an encouraging slap on one of his arsecheeks Sherlock is told: “Fuck your tight little arse on my fingers, cockslut. Now!”
“Kiss.” John tells them, and Mark lowers his face, eagerly pressing his come-covered lips to Sherlock's, pushing his tongue deep inside him. It's messy. Sherlock can taste John and sighs, opening wide.
To show them how good a comeslut he has become, Sherlock feeds himself the come that oozed from his hole, collecting it with his fingers, smearing it all over his face while the two men indulge in a hearty fry-up. They have promised to feed him properly afterwards, on his knees, where he belongs.
Sherlock almost purrs, like the cat that’s about to get all the cream, and nods, the small black dildo protruding from his mouth bobbing up and down.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock says, biting his tongue for his slip-up. He must be way more perturbed than he thought if he makes such mistakes. Yet John doesn't seem to have notice.
His piss soaks his groin, his trousers, runs down his legs and into his shoes, eventually pooling around his feet. John massages him gently, his hand getting drenched as Sherlock empties his bladder, but he doesn't seem to care. Sherlock bites his lip, watching his piss wet John's fingers before dripping down onto the floor between them.
Meanwhile, Irene has pulled on two black latex gloves. Sherlock watches mesmerised as she carefully removes the condom from John's by now limp cock and Kate obediently opens her mouth without being told. Irene slowly squeezes John's come onto Kate's tongue as John watches from hooded eyes. Kate opens wide and cranes her neck to receive every drop of the pearly fluid before squashing it around in her mouth, an expression of absolute indulgent on her face. When she opens her mouth again her oral cavity is filled with frothy white goo.
The darkness surrounds him, and not in a good way. He's had a bad dream. It's disconcerting. John's unable to determine his exact position in the room and feels off-balance until Sherlock stirs next to him.
Sherlock had swirled his tumbler, staring into the amber liquid. “You don't seem shocked, though...”
“Oh, you are a bad boy, aren't you?” John whispers, pulling back the safety catch and pressing the nozzle of the gun against Sherlock's temple. “Lie back, then. I'm afraid you'll have to do without the lube now.”
Two servants clad in nothing but tiny red leather shorts pull open the doors to a large room: there are more candles, reflected in mirrors, paintings showing rather lewd scenes from Greek and Roman mythology – Leda taken by the swan, Achilles and Patroclus showing just how good they get along, Zeus and his cup-bearer Ganymede, Diana and Callisto in some kind of mud-fight with their nymphs bordering on gang raping poor Callisto – and men in different states of undress everywhere.
Sherlock licks his lips and smiles up at him, bathing in John's admiration. It's easy to accept affection like this, on his knees.
“You know, this is how suffragists were force-fed in prison? With a rubber hose down their throat, tied to a chair. Sometimes they got it wrong and poured the mush into their lungs. Or the women struggled too much, causing internal bleeding. It was painful. Many compared it to rape. Some didn't survive.” Mycroft sounds rather dreamily while reciting this historical background to Sherlock's torment.
He remembers that all those years ago he had stayed in bed as well at first as he had thought about a way out of this mess, tossing and turning – even rubbing himself? - in those damp blankets.
Mrs Hudson is surprised to see them. Apparently, Mycroft had dropped by to talk to her and inquire after their whereabouts. From what he'd said, their landlady had gathered that they wouldn't be coming home for some time.
Back at the flat, John gives Sherlock two ibuprofen, which he obediently washes down with a swig from the bottle of piss he'd filled in the morning.
“That's enough, I think.” John murmurs, brushing Sherlock's curls back from his forehead. “You did very well.” He smiles, sitting down onto the floor, spreading his legs each side of Sherlock's face, offering his cock again. Sherlock swallows it to the hilt, burying his nose in John's wet, wiry curls. He sucks and sucks, massaging John's shaft with his tongue, swallowing, the head pushed deep down his long throat. He's outright keening with need. John fucks into the tight heat, feeling Sherlock gag as he tries to relax his throat enough to accommodate John, and that's suddenly enough. John comes hard, spilling his seed down Sherlock's willing gullet, who sucks it down eagerly.
“Leave that on for a few hours. Then apply some Bepanthen. Do that daily, twice, until the scab has gone and the skin has healed. Do not take a bath before that. Do not scratch. If it bleeds, your tattoo is ruined. Understood?”
Sherlock carefully sits down onto one of their kitchen chairs while John keeps standing a few feet away in front of him. It’s rather awkward than erotic. Until Sherlock closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, visibly relaxing, while the low light plays on his cheekbones. The sharp angles of his face are suddenly transformed into something much more soft and vulnerable; Sherlock looks impossible young and innocent. His lips part slightly as his ethereal eyes snap open again, full of wonder and surprise.
Sherlock’s shaft is gliding between John’s fingers, slippery with precome. He looks down, watching his wet cock head appear and disappear in John’s fist, then stares back over his shoulder, wanting to push even deeper but is restricted by anatomy. Stupid! His transport failing him, again.
When Sherlock moans again, sounding desperate, John stuffs two of his fingers into his slightly open mouth, and that seems to do it, for Sherlock's eyes flutter shut as he starts to suck. John remembers that he's flooded this hot, wet cavity with his own piss just moments before, but he has no time to dwell on this strangely arousing thought, because a violent orgasm is wrought from Sherlock's wiry body. It's a sight to behold, almost an epiphany. Sherlock is shaking, convulsing – and would have fallen face down onto the floor if John hadn't held him up by the shoulder – while shooting his come as far as their grimy kitchen cupboards.
“What is it? Sherlock, let me... There's no need...” John his half-way out of the bed himself when Sherlock pushes him back down onto the mattress, where he bounces in between the remnants of their improvised dinner.
The next day, John takes his cock out of the cage and tapes it against his perineum instead. Sherlock has to wear a plaid skirt and a white blouse as he's ordered to train his gag reflex by shoving increasingly large dildos down his throat. Sherlock cries the whole time because it hurts – and because it's so humiliating to be made to beg for more, larger cocks while called a slag and a whore and slapped into the face. But, finally, the retching subsides and he manages to swallow the large rubber toys with ease while saliva runs down his chin. The blouse is getting translucent as it's drenched in spit, sweat and tears. John makes a photo and sends it to Mycroft, calling Sherlock his little slutty sister.
John Watson had to vanish for Ormond Sacker to take the stage. Knowing about Sherlock’s brother what he did, it was obvious to John that they would have to be very clever to fool Mycroft. Therefore, he took to his task with seriousness as well as military precision. After leaving Sherlock in Amsterdam, he spent two weeks establishing his new persona, travelling by train and plane to various European cities. In Zurich, he opened a bank account. In Lisbon, he rented a cheap flat near Martim Moniz. In Rome, he bought a smart phone and several SIM cards. In Prague, he acquired a laptop.
“What we have is based on trust. Without trust, there's nothing. Without trust it's just cruel, pointless acrobatics.” John hisses, holding Sherlock gaze until he lowers his eyes. In response, John releases him, sighs and sinks onto the mattress, scrubbing his hands over his face. He looks drained and tired. “What am I to do with you, hm?”
“Let’s find out, shall we?” Mycroft grabs the lube and slicks his hand up, all the while watching Sherlock literally bounce up and down on John's cock. It's a sight to behold, his now black and purple bruised arsecheeks trapping John's glistening cock. Sherlock almost slides all the way up before sinking down again, panting hard, so Mycroft gets a real eyeful.
When the widest part is about to slide past Sherlock's rim, however, he almost arches off the table, his thighs shaking; he's making desperate sounds in the back of his throat as he tries to suck in air. John has to stop again, leans back, strokes slick skin.
“Who cares? He's a fucktoy, nothing more.” Mycroft reminds him. “You won't even need lube. Look how wet he already is.”
After the awkward exchange of greetings, Mycroft quickly shows the group into the living room and offers drinks. As he turns to look at John, smiling invitingly while raising one questioning eyebrow, John takes the chance and steps close. “A word, please, if you don't mind.”
Pleasure and pain sear up his spine. He can feel himself leaking inside the metal bulge and is glad there are small holes in it. Otherwise he would have been trapped inside a puddly of precome very soon.
Right now, Sherlock needs to forget and to concentrate. He has to find his place again, now that's just the two of them, and in a committed relationship.
“Sometimes even your brain needs some rest.” And with that, John pulls, and Sherlock screams, stifling the noise by shoving his fist into his mouth.
“He's lovely, look at all this pale skin...” Irene sounds almost dreamy, lost in admiring her work.  She touches Sherlock's shoulder blade with her still gloved fingers and Sherlock winces. “Now, in comparison, the riding crop.”
The spoon is fiendish, though. It's large, long and kind of rough, even when thickly coated with lube. John takes his time, patiently pushing, waiting and pulling until even this object slides easily in and out of Sherlock's pisshole. Sherlock can feel the wooden handle move deep inside him, even brushing his prostate, and his whole body arches and spasms, going rigid at the incredible feeling. He would have yelled if not for the stiff rubber cock down his throat. As it is, he can only pant hard, exhaling hot gushes of breath through his flared nostrils.
John gets to his feet and hastily unzips. He doesn't even bother to pull his trousers down before pushing his hard cock deep down Sherlock's abused throat. Luckily, the dildo has prepared him to deep throat. Sherlock obediently swallows John down to the hilt, dark blond pubic hair tickling his nose.
“Oh, but you aren't just my slut, Sherlock. You are not like all the others. You are my brother. We are family. Blood. That's something special.” Mycroft pulls at the plug and Sherlock yelps as the thick ridges move inside him, gliding over his prostate.
“Look, you soiled the bedding. Naughty boy! Put your face in it and suck.” Sherlock sits up, still shaking, and scrambles onto all four. When he presses his cheek into the wet spot on the sheets he sighs contently. John smiles and let's him lick and suck the sheets clean before gathering him up in his arms.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock's voice is rough but the drink has helped him to get his breathing back under control. Yet he keeps kneeling on the floor, his erection bobbing obscenely in front of him, the dark crimson of his cock a stark contrast to his creamy white skin.
John looks over at him from where he's having a cup of tea in his chair, carding his hand through Sherlock's still damp, riotous curls. “It seems that you are in the right place now, Sherlock. Exhausted, well fucked, grounded by pain. Come on, think. Be clever for me, for us.”
As John watches Sherlock overflowing, he directs his stream all over his buttocks, his bound wrists and the small of his back, lathering him generously in pale yellow urine that drips down over pink skin and the silver cock cage between trembling legs. When he's finished, he orders Sherlock to stay down, his piss rippling inside that vulnerable hole. Sherlock is filled to the rim. It's beautiful and decadent.
He gets the answer thirty seconds later. John steps behind him and Sherlock hears the sound of metal scraping against wood. Something solid presses against Sherlock's entrance, very hard but slim and covered in a wet sheathing. Sherlock has no idea what is happening until he's breached, a firm rod pressing relentlessly inside him.
Sherlock cranes his neck to look up at Moriarty over his shoulder, not caring that pure horror must be showing on his face. “No...”, he mouths.
“Lovely. Your back is covered in welts.” John whispers into his ear as he eventually puts the cultivator down. Sherlock's skin throbs. He can feel his swollen flesh, hot and tense, straining over his aching muscles.
Only in the evening does John lead a still weak Sherlock into the bathroom and removes the catheter. Afterwards, John holds Sherlock's flaccid cock as he empties his bladder into the toilet bowl, all the while softly kissing his shoulders and nuzzling into his nape.
They collapse in a pile of sweaty limbs onto the bedroom rug, too exhausted to care or move. Later, John will be glad that the candle died on the wooden floor next to the carpet, not burning the place down. At this moment, however, how couldn't be arsed.
“I'd love to come on your face or your arse, Sherlock, but you are too badly damaged for this. I'll come on your chest instead. Thank god those bastards didn't rip your piercings out. Lean back and stop breathing until I'm finished.”
“We'll be right there.” John assures Lestrade, cradling Sherlock's head to help him into a sitting position. The phone goes dead and John starts to unbuckle Sherlock's gag.
Sherlock's fist closes around his leaking shaft. He only has to tug a few times before he spurts all over his fingers, moaning lewdly into the pillow.
When he carefully lowers himself down onto his knees with his back to the fire, the toy invading his body feels even more like a thick, unyielding rod up his arse. John and Mycroft take their seats either side of him in the battered leather armchairs.
“What do you mean, don't bother. I want to check my phone, my emails...” He trails off. His pockets are empty. He slowly turns around towards Sherlock, arching an eyebrow. “Care to elaborate?” He sighs, understanding dawning on him.
After a few moments, John returns, carrying a few items that make Sherlock's eyes go wide: a paintbrush, a pencil, an old toothbrush, a long wooden spoon and a screwdriver. He lays everything on the small table next to his chair, in full view of Sherlock, before getting more SurgiLube, nitrile gloves and a bottle of hand sanitizer from his doctor's bag.
Sherlock tastes soap mixed with precome and almost gags as John pushes deeper, grinding against Mycroft's glans inside Sherlock's oral cavity. The elder Holmes takes this as an encouragement to thrust as well, and soon they are both fucking Sherlock's mouth until he's on the verge of choking. The corners of his mouth are being torn as he desperately tries to accommodate the two thick cocks pounding into him, almost dislocating his jaw. Even as the men obviously restrain themselves as not to suffocate him, taking them both becomes increasingly difficult. Sherlock splutters and coughs, saliva running down his chin, but it's immediately washed away by the hot spray. He makes the most peculiar noises, half moans, half whimper, until John suddenly pulls out, panting hard. Mycroft follows suit. Sherlock stares at the two twitching cocks in front of him, and surprises himself that he has the presence of mind to quickly wrap his fingers tightly around their roots to prevent them from shooting their loads right there and then onto his face.
“I'll put four on your balls.” John had announced. The agony had been almost unbearable; but then John had moved on to Sherlock's still hard cock. He'd put just two cloth pins onto the foreskin, retracted from the glans, it's folds surrounding Sherlock's frenulum beneath the corona. Sherlock had tried to escape the inevitable by wriggling helplessly in his bonds, his hands pulling forcefully at his restraints – but to no avail. He'd moaned and choked behind his gag but the rubber ball had stifled all his protests.
Sherlock is left in John's care, who tries to break him for real. Sherlock has to crack before he can be put back together again.
“Come on, get started.” Mycroft tells him, and Sherlock hands them plates with fruit and bowls with nuts from the table. Mycroft chooses a juicy slice of orange, puts it into his mouth and holds his fingers out afterwards for Sherlock to lick clean. Sherlock obediently sucks the sticky sweetness from his brother's fingertips before passing a bowl of strawberries with cream over to John. Soon, he's licking its remnants of John's fingers, twirling his tongue around his fingertips as Mycroft watches them. Precome dribbles down his cock and over his bollocks. It's maddening.
Moriarty tries to move quickly in her direction, but, suddenly, Sherlock rolls around and lungs forward, grabbing both of Moriarty's ankles, pulling his legs out under him in one swift move. Moriarty lets out a surprised squeal as he tumbles forward, dropping to the ground like a sack of potatoes. As his body hits the concrete, he makes a wet, gurgling sound.
First, he lies on his back. There's a thin stream of piss running over the tiles, as men a little further away empty their bladder. But Sherlock quickly becomes the centre of attention once again. Men step up next to him and start to relieve themself all over his body, especially his face and groin. Sherlock moans into his gag and turns his head this way and that to wash the congealing mess of saliva and ejaculate from his cheeks and forehead. The men willingly assist him, directing their hot streams towards his brow, nose and chin. The t-shirt in his mouth gets soaked quickly, allowing him to taste the men, piss slowly seeping into his mouth.
Suddenly, John's hand is on his cock, but – oh fuck – what is this? It starts with a tingle that quickly becomes a burn. It feels like a bunch of ants have decided to attack his shaft. Sherlock feels some sort of leaves that John must be holding in his gloved fist while stroking Sherlock... are those stinging nettles?
John is curious how he may be able to shake Sherlock from his newfound poise. After about a month, he decides to up the ante even more. He puts Sherlock into the bag before going out clubbing, forcing one of their largest plugs up his arse before tying him up.
In the afternoons, Sherlock is tied up in the attic. John tries different kinbaku techniques, weaving an inextricable web of complicated nods all over Sherlock's body, forcing his limbs into unfamiliar positions for hours on end. Sometimes he has to wear the rubber mask, sometimes he's just blindfolded or gagged; sometimes John suspends him from the beam in mid-air. His arms and legs start to go limp and numb after some time; his muscles quiver and cramp, but John doesn't release him no matter how much he begs and sobs. Instead, John beats him until he's silent, using a short whip – but only on his legs as not to damage the piercings and the tattoo. After every session Sherlock shakes like a leave when he's eventually untied, unable to walk. That’s why John makes him crawl.
Blunt fingers spread his cheeks. Despite knowing what’s coming for him, it’s a shock as a sheathed finger rubs against his hole. Sherlock tries to jerk up and away but a firm hand presses to the middle of his spine and pins him down.
The video has ended with the dom coming all over his subs face, who hadn't been allowed to get off, yet his erection had been clearly visible beneath the black leather of his pants. John makes a mental note to get such garment for Sherlock as well.
“You are mine. Mine.” John whispers, and suddenly the thought of sharing this superb, divine creature with anyone else is unbearable.
He quickly takes one volume after the other off of Sherlock's legs; finally, his cock springs free, dark red and dripping. Next, John removes the bucket, and Sherlock sighs in relieve, rolling his strained shoulders. When he's allowed to get up, the dildo slides from his arse with a wet, slurping sound. Sherlock whimpers at the sudden emptiness.
“Just give yourself a break. One hour. That's all I'm asking for. Then you can get back to the case. You can even take your phone with you. Ok?” John asks in an unusually soft voice.
The both gasp, Sherlock at the feeling of being entered and stretched to the maximum, John at the sight. Despite its size the toy slides in easily.
“Sherlock, it's ok, it's ok.” John murmurs, gathering the thin shaky frame up against his chest, petting his hair until all hell breaks loose when the SWAT team storms the room.
By the time the speculum sits firmly in place Sherlock's body is rigid with tension. He claws at the table's edge to ground himself as he feels his vision blur with tears. John doesn't even give him time to adjust. As he begins to turn the screw and starts to spread Sherlock open his body threatens to explode with agony. Sherlock can't prevent it, he screams and bites down on his forearm to stifle the barely human noises he's making.
“Yes.” Sherlock reassures him. It's too dark for him to see John's expression, but he thinks he smirks.
“Clean that up.” But when Sherlock balls his jeans into some kind of makeshift floor cloth, John takes a step forward, grinding the heel of his shoe into the delicate bones of the back of Sherlock's left hand. “With your mouth.”
“John got you nicely trained.” Greg whispers, caressing Sherlock's burning arse cheek to give his arm a break. “You genuinely enjoy this, don't you?”
The atmosphere in the room is charged. Sherlock instinctively understands that he has to be careful, walking the slim line between tempting and offensive.
The maid sits down in one of the armchairs, pulls her flowing skirt up to her waist and spreads her legs. She doesn't wear knickers, just black hold-ups, exposing milky white skin above the laced trim. Her vagina is shaved bald. As She throws one leg over the armrest Sherlock gets a good look at her already wet rosy labia and it suddenly dawns on Sherlock what is expected of him.
“Didn't you hear me? Careful.” John sighs and rolls over until he can take Sherlock in his arms, burying his nose in those soft, silky curls. They stay like this for a few minutes, Sherlock visibly hovering in a state between sleep and full awareness, relishing John's warmth and the comfort his sturdy body provides. They both smile, Sherlock content, John affectionate.
If this is not your cup of tea, I bracketed the middle part in question. Just skip it. It's the second scene of this chapter. Just be aware that something horrible happens to Sherlock.
John holds the leash tight, leaning back against the counter, keeping Sherlock firmly in check. His tongue circles John's glans, massages the frenulum, plays with the retracted foreskin, applying kitten-like licks, lapping at the oozing slit. He just takes the tip in his mouth and swirls his tongue around it, suckles lightly, all the while whimpering with need. He just exists to pay tribute to John's magnificent cock.
When he's finished, John makes him rub his come all over his face and take a selfie while John pulls the chain attached to the nipple clamps tight around his fist.
Back home, John lays his shopping out on Sherlock's bed – adding a few toys he wants to use during their session – and then waits, caressing the fine garments with his fingers. Just imagining Sherlock wearing these makes him so hard he seriously entertains the idea of wanking over them, decorating them with his come for Sherlock to suck and lick off before trying them on. But in the end, John abstains, suppressing his impulses.
“Sherlock, you will start fucking this man right now or I swear your naked arse will be plastered all over the city by tomorrow morning. Now, come on. “Another blow. Pain ripples up Sherlock's spine and makes him cringe. “Look, he's already bored to death. If it's like that with John, no wonder he started to spice up your bedroom activities with a bit of BDSM.”
Because some of you have kindly asked, I'll have to pause with this story for the Summer. But I'll finish with them in a good place and promise to pick it up in the Autumn again. I have plenty of ideas I'd like to explore with them both.
“That's not how this works.” John explains, carding his left hand through Sherlock's curls. “You know that.”
The piss is by now cold and makes him shiver, his pebbled nipples straining against the damp fabric. The cotton clings to his torso, sticks to his back, hugs him like a second skin. God, he desperately wants to show John what a good piss slut he's become. He truly admires his brother for the fantasies he entertains. Mycroft surely knows what Sherlock needs.
“To keep you open, to use you whenever I want to.” He tells Sherlock while he fastens the strap around his head, the brackets keeping Sherlock's mouth gaping open. He starts to drool even more, crouching on the floor, his neglected cock still rock hard.
Meanwhile, the boy they call pig has been kneeling on the floor, sitting on his heels, watching Sherlock with a dazed yet somewhat shrewd expression. It's almost freaking him out as the boy opens his wrecked mouth and grins at him, exposing his toothless gums.
John does only stop when his arm starts to tire. He crawls all over Sherlock's tortured body, rubbing himself against the red, raw skin until Sherlock sobs with need, whispering in his ear: “Tomorrow, you'll get a big bowl and kneel beside my bed, holding it up so I don't have to walk over to the bathroom first thing in the morning, understood?”
“John, you don't seem to understand...” Sherlock can't finish his sentence as John jerks him up and over with a fierce grip to his shirtfront, hissing while fighting with Sherlock's tight trousers: “No, it's you who doesn't understand. You need a break. And that thing has to exit your arse – now. It's up to you to decide if we do it the nice or the dirty way.”
Their last exchange has provided John with an address of a bar in Mitte. It's a rather posh place – of course, Sherlock picked it – all chrome and glass and polished wood. It's too brightly lit for John's liking but then he doesn't intend to stay long.
With his free hand, John grabs the dildo again and viscously starts to fuck Sherlock with it. The body beneath him is almost spasming but Sherlock makes no effort to remove the bag. His arms are flung over the back rest  of the couch as he pushes his arse down onto the rubber cock while his head starts to loll from side to side.
The man freezes. John is aware of movements around him, but he doesn't take his eyes off the man in front of him. “Take the dog away.” He repeats in a dangerously low voice, tightening his finger on the trigger.
John sits on the mattress, tugging him in. They are alone, as Mycroft has gone to the bathroom to take a shower.
When he parks the Ford next to the black limousine in the parking lot a few minutes later, Sherlock is still crouched on the passenger seat, wrapped in the blanket, motionless, yet his eyes are open and alert, scanning the vicinity. John helps him to change cars, gets his stuff out of the boot and leaves the keys in the lock. With some luck, someone will nick the car, thereby obscuring their tracks.
Sherlock can only shake his head, his sweaty curls sticking to his temples. He is beyond speech, blissed out by his orgasm as well as by the delicious humiliation Greg's treatment is promising.
It’s more biting than kissing, hard and brutal. John growls as his hand speeds up and he closes his eyes, licking into Sherlock’s mouth, stroking him, stroking himself, faster, lines blurring, faster, no limits, faster, their bodies melting, coming undone, FASTER, becoming one.
After a few minutes, however, John comes back. “That was your new friend, Kitty. I told her to fuck off.” John grips his chin. “She didn't sound too happy, hearing you were taken.”
“I'd like to have a word with you two. About that case you told our parents about. The one were John had to get you out.” He lies without a hint of hesitation. Sherlock's parents get up as if on cue.
The taste of rubber fills Sherlock's mouth. It feels like drowning. It's like being violated; an alien object is entering his body against his will. All he can do is make a gurgling sound to voice his protest as his gag reflex is triggered.
Sherlock shudders beneath him, his face bright red with shame and want. John quickly pulls the damp pants from his mouth and slides up, squatting over his face.
His brother has poured himself a drink and now sits next to John, crossing his legs, nursing his whisky in one hand as he opens the first button of his shirt with the other. Sherlock can watch them in the window, floating in the darkness outside like translucent ghosts. Suddenly, it all feels unreal, like a dream.
“Oh, yes.” Sally sighs, accompanied by a guttural laugh. Another smack hits the taut skin stretching over Sherlock's iliac crest, and he arches his back, almost howling in agony.. “And he?”
Yet he sighs with pleasure when John pushes him forward again and slowly starts to fuck his suspended, pliant body on the stiff stick of the gardening tool.
“Believe me, little brother, you'll thank me later for blocking your rectum properly. We don't want another accident to happen, do we? I can assure you, I'm into a lot of things, but not into scat.”
At playtime over the next few days, Sherlock is not only ordered to stretch himself beyond endurance. John tests his limits in numerous ways: heavy weights attached to his balls and cock; hot wax dripped over the sensitive skin at the inside of his arms, the back of his legs, down his cleft, over his closed eyelids until he screams in agony; needles inserted into his lips, tongue and fingertips; cloth pins attached to every part of his body that sports a bit of soft tissue, left on for hours. Every short hesitation to submit or welcome the torture earns Sherlock a severe slap. Soon, one of his eyes starts to swell shut as bruises bloom on his cheekbones.
John slowly opens Sherlock up, who shivers against the cool air that hits places usually not that exposed.
“So what?” Sherlock's brother suddenly fixes John with a hot, piercing gaze. “Remember, we have an agreement. You took my money to pay off your debts. Do you want to beck out now? Have you, after all, formed some sort of emotional attachment to my little brother?”Mycroft's sneer is downright offensive.
Eventually, the chair is brought back into an upright position and the straps are removed. Both John and Mycroft help Sherlock get up, kneading his arms and legs to bring back circulation after being tied up for hours. It takes a while until Sherlock feels sure enough to get back on his own feet. He still sways slightly.
But not for long. A few minutes later, while John is walking down Baker Street in the direction of the tube station, a sleek black car pulls up at the curb. John sighs as the door is opened, but slides into the soft leather seats nonetheless.
“God, you are beautiful”, John had sighed while Sherlock had squirmed and writhed in front of him. “Your tight hole, stretched to the max. So eager, your body so pliant. You are so good, Sherlock, so very, very good. I want to see you come.”
John blindly lungs forward, his fist connecting with that treacherous mouth. Sharp teeth grate his knuckles and he can hear a hiss of pain. The woman staggers backwards against the brightly painted wall of a townhouse, quickly covering her bleeding lip with her hand. John stares down at his throbbing fist, sore and chafed, smeared with blood.
“Oh, no, just quite literally. She's in that big walk-in freezer over there. Don't know, though, how long she might manage, just wearing her lab coat. What do you reckon, Sherlock?”
“Please, John, please...” Sherlock is sobbing uncontrollably, thrashing his head form one side to the other.
“John. John!” Sherlock pants, so turned on that he starts to rut into thin air, his hips stuttering and circling until John has mercy and touches his dripping cock, giving him just a few loose strokes as some kind of reward.
And indeed, inside, the conditions could be described bacchanalian. Beats rumble and pound loud enough that the whole structure seems to be pulsing and vibrating with it; almost naked bodies twist and rub together as if engaged in some euphoric, archaic worship, joined in communion by the roaring music. Images of their infinite grinding dance freeze like a pagan relief, spellbound by the flashing strobe lights. Everyone seems to wear some sort of rubber or leather outfit – if they'd bothered with clothes at all and didn't go straight for no more than some sort of harness or straps and nothing more.
Sherlock watches John piss in the toilet, licking his lips, but John just smiles and shakes his head. “You are insatiable!” Seriously, those next few days will be trying for both of them.
When Sherlock comes round again, he doesn't know how much time has elapsed. His tongue is swollen, his vision still blurred, and, as he can't feel his extremities, brief panic flutters in his chest. Breathe, he tells himself, as he tries to raise at least his head to get a better look at where he might be. His eyes burn and his skulls pounds, but there are bright lights and metallic objects, silver walls and white tiles... still the morgue then, he realises, feeling somewhat anchored.
John stays in his mouth until he's soft, his cock retracting from Sherlock's throat until it just rests inside his oral cavity, trapped flaccid between his tongue and the roof of his mouth.
When his bladder is empty, John makes Sherlock clean up Greg's cock with his mouth, licking away the residue of piss, lube and come before Lestrade gets dressed again and leaves, shaking John's hand and promising to report Sherlock's progress back to Mycroft.
“You've got lovely hands, Sherlock. Long, slim, dextrous. Musicians hands. Beautiful. But you should know by now that I'll do anything to keep you in check.” John murmurs, before, with one brutally swift motion, he twists Sherlock's left pinkie forcefully to the side. A cracking sound fills the silent kitchen, and a scream escapes Sherlock's throat as his bones splinter.
Sherlock slowly returns to the living room and sinks to his knees in front of John's chair, bowing his head. “I can't.” He breathes as he rests his cheek against John's thigh.
John and Sherlock return to Baker Street, trying to find their equilibrium. John resumes to use Sherlock in almost any coceivable way apart from fucking.
It's hot, despite the windows being open, the thin white curtains billowing in the still warm night breeze. The room is filled with the smells and sounds of sex. Next to the door stands a large gilded bowl, already containing a few used condoms. It feels even more surreal as the orgy in progress is accompanied by unobtrusive chamber music (Vivaldi, Sherlock registers).
“So he's with you? I thought he was off to strike a deal with some sleazy tabloid mogul, but maybe I'm mistaken... what do you think he might offer Charles Augustus Magnussen to let him off the hook? Some more sordid details about his past? Or perhaps something even more intimate? I know Charles is a true connoisseur.”
When John removes his hand, Sherlock whines, but then he hears more lube squirting and feels a shockingly cold drop hit deep inside him. “Jesus, John, oh god!” He shouts. As he halfway turns his head, he can see John coating his left hand, fingers already wet and glistening, slicking himself up to the elbow. John's eyes are dark, his face and neck flushed crimson, and his hard cock juts out in front of him, bobbing up and down, dark red, the glans fully exposed.
Afterwards, Sherlock is not allowed to clean up; John only rubs him down with a clean towel before he yanks him to his feet and drags him to the bedroom. Walking is awkward with the long chop sticks still inside him, so Sherlock can only scuttle down the corridor. Despite his bruises, Sherlock will not sleep in the bed tonight. He has to curl up on a blanket John throws him onto the wooden floor before cuffing Sherlock's wrists around one foot of the bed to keep him in place.
They leave Sherlock lying on the floor, and he doesn’t dare to move. Only his eyes follow John as he walks over to yet another cabinet. Meanwhile, Mycroft takes of his stained jacket and waistcoat. As John returns with an armful of black hemp rope, Mycroft gives him a critical look.
But Sherlock simply can't will his beginning erection away. In the end, Mycroft gets ice from the fridge. When they hold his cock in a bag filled with crushed ice, that does the trick. Sherlock squirms and writhes, tearing the rope, throwing his head back, gasping behind the mask, until his cock hangs limp and flaccid while his body shivers with cold.
Irene takes a long thin cane and goes over to Sherlock's chair while John reclines onto the chaise lounge, Sherlock in full good view in front of him.
“But you need to recover first. I understand Greg took you rather roughly...” John removes his thumb with a wet pop as he abruptly stands up and walks over to the kitchen. Sherlock tries not to be disappointed – or at least not to let his disappointment show.
“You go.” Sherlock decides briskly. “Call me if it's something important.” With that, he flops onto the backseat of a black cab and leaves John to his own devices.
When they all have got dressed again – apart from Kate, who at least wrapped her bruised body in a woollen blanket - Sherlock remembers that he actually has a question for the maid.
As he tries to move, he almost falls over and slides from the gurney. When he catches himself in the last moment he realises how slow and uncoordinated his movements are. He would probably didn't make it to the door, even when crawling on all fours. And Moriarty is still wielding a sharp scalpel, pressed to Sherlock's throat, while his other hand is inside Sherlock's pants, playing with his cock.
“I've got something for you.” Sherlock tells him, his eyes shining bright. He opens his suitcase and throws a small, dark-red book at John – no, not a book, a passport. John opens it curiously. His own face stares back at him.
But instead of the expected next round of flogging John grips Sherlock's chin and rubs his thumb through the blood on his lower lip. “Look at me.” John whispers, and as Sherlock's eyes flutter open, John tells him in a dangerously low tone: “I'm going out now. I leave you here. When I return, I'll bring a few mates back with me. And you'll serve them. If you disappoint me again, I'll report back to your brother that you are a dead loss. You know very well that this might not just be a figure of speech, don't you, Sherlock?”
When John takes the last ice cube from the glass and rubs it over Sherlock's nipples the sensation is enough to send him over the edge. By now it's an almost clear dribble that oozes from Sherlock's spend cock, having come three times already, but he still writhes in ecstasy, biting his lip.
It's a complicated arrangement on display in that room a few minutes later, like an obscene sculpture garden. Kate has been cut loose and is kneeling on the floor between Sally's spread legs, sucking and licking her cunt with abandon, holding onto dark brown, well-muscled thighs.
Until suddenly, John bites down onto the soft skin of his neck just below Sherlock's ear. Sherlock's whole body jerks but John's hands hold him in an iron grip. The noises Sherlock makes are delicious – a bitten of cry that subsides into a sob. He can only breath again as John gently starts to suck the spot he's just bruised.
“Oh... it hurts... but it's also... quite intense.” Sherlock pants, trying to keep breathing. John rubs him a little faster, heightening both pleasure and pain. Meanwhile, the index finger of his free hand gently strokes Sherlock's sore hole, not pushing in, just teasing and circling. Sherlock is torn between anguish and delight. “Please...,” he gasps, not sure what exactly he's asking for.
“You might need that for a while.” He explains, and Kate's eyes go wide, but otherwise she holds still, having given up on struggling against her fate.
Sherlock's fingers softly squeeze back as a blush tints his cheeks an adorably shade of pink, matching his still polished nails.
John runs his fingers over the soft black leather of the whips. He's glad he's just fucked the maid to take the edge of things as he feels himself getting hard again while imagining the smooth dark leather in contact with Sherlock's pale skin, making him scream. He wants to beat him raw, then fuck Sherlock's tight hole while he's on his hands and knees until he passes out from pain and exhaustion.
John licks his lips as he thinks about binding Sherlock's arms and legs with black hemp rope, the dark cords cutting painfully into Sherlock's delicate pale flesh.
John hasn't even properly removed his jeans and pants. Now he just pushes them down to his knees as he stands above Sherlock, his flaccid cock in hand. “On your back.” John orders, and as Sherlock doesn't oblige quickly enough, he gives him a little nudge with his bare foot. That somehow penetrates the fog clouding Sherlock's dazed brain, and encouraged like this he rolls onto his back, his still bound wrists digging sharply into his spine. But as pain has been reduced to an abstract concept to be embraced and invited, Sherlock only lets his trembling legs obediently fall open, prepared to take whatever John will give him next. He can feel come leak out of his used, sore hole but can't clench his strained muscle to hold it inside.
“Move.” He demands, and Sherlock starts to rock slightly forward. The moan torn from his throat is half pleasure, half pain. Soon, he's gyrating his hips, circling them while impaled on John's cock. His own caged cock is leaking as Sherlock makes sure that John hits his prostate again and again.
Kate looks up at him from dazed, hooded eyes. She's obviously about to pass out from exhaustion any moment, but still wrecks her brain to answer. “Wait, I think it was something Irish. It's on the tip of my tongue. Yes, of course. Jim Moriarty.”
John kneels over Sherlock's face, quickly removes the gag and pushes into Sherlock's waiting, wet mouth until his cockhead hits the back of Sherlock's throat. Sherlock coughs around him, chokes and splutters, but sucks with abandon, opening his throat up for John to push even deeper. John can see his cock slide down Sherlock's abused throat as he fucks his mouth, hard and fast, just like Mycroft fucked his arse. As he looks up, he sees Mycroft's face buried between Sherlock's raised arsecheeks. Their eyes meet, and John sees Mycroft's crinkle at the edges while he pushes his tongue deep inside Sherlock's pliant, open body. Sherlock moans around John's cock, and suddenly John feels his balls tighten. He pulls out in the last minute to come all over Sherlock's face, coating it in thick, white streaks of come. Mycroft lets go as well, wiping the back of his hand over his glistening mouth.
They dry him off while he holds onto the sink. Afterwards, John tends to his wounds, applying ointment and bandages. The cuts from the rod aren’t deep and will heal soon, yet have to get disinfected and patched up. Sherlock silently endures as John dabs his wounds with alcohol while Mycroft watches, a possessive glint in his eyes. When John's finished, Mycroft drapes the green silk dressing gown over Sherlock's shoulders and leads him back to his bedroom, guiding Sherlock over to a lush sofa upholstered in deep-red velvet. Sherlock lies on the spacious couch – more a lounging area – and switches through the channels on Mycroft's gigantic plasma screen while both his brother and John take a quick shower.
