"--excuse me, our knots and noses--"
"But why would anyone want to kill Tony?" asked Tiberius.
"Jeans," said Tony firmly.  "Jeans and white tee. Classic, very Steve.  Pepper, go get Steve's clothes." He snapped his fingers at her, the ones on his bandaged hand.  Pepper glared at him but got up to go upstairs.
"I'm sorry, sir, but I was instructed not to," said JARVIS.
"Made you leave?" Steve frowned. Maybe Bucky had gotten violent, or compromised them, or maybe he wasn't safe around Pietro. There was a multitude of potential reasons.
Steve pulled off his shirt and pushed down his pants and then jumped into the pool without another moment's hesitation.
Please be aware that this chapter has NOT been beta-read yet, and therefore may contain typos.  We'll clean it up shortly.  Thanks for your patience!
He scooted over a little to make room for Steve in the bed, a silent invitation to go ahead and join him.  Tony didn't want to talk but he also couldn't stand to push Steve away again. Never again. Steve was his omega and letting him go for two months, to be taken by some other Alpha, was easily the worst decision Tony had ever made.
"...kneel."
"So when are you going to bring me my suit back?"
Suddenly Tony was there, too, drink in hand, glaring at Brooke.  "Hey! That's my omega!" he snarled.
"Fuck," said Tony.
Tony tugged Steve's hand impatiently.  "Can you drive?  I'm crashing," he said.  "Bye, Romanov.  Thanks no thanks for the fucking awful trip.  Seriously, what the hell is wrong with SHIELD?"
right. His entrance tightened around Tony and he came over the sheets with a scream, fingers digging into the sheets beneath him as his head ducked down low, panting as he rode out his orgasm and took what Tony gave to him. He whined loudly when Tony thrust inside and spilled into him, filling him up.  With his Alpha's hands on his hips now and not the glands Steve was finally coming back to himself, although the haze of his orgasm still fogged in his mind. He didn't think he'd come that hard in a very long time.
"Stan," said Rhodey with surprise.  For a split second, his eyes darted over Steve's body; the aftereffects of Steve's heat were noticeable.  But he wrestled his instincts under control almost instantly and put out a hand to shake Steve's, listening intently to what Steve was saying and nodding, his expression grim.
"She's dead," Jarvis said, rounding on him suddenly and Steve blinked. His heart thundered in his chest.  "She's been dead since 1936, Steven.  Surely you remember your own mother's death?"
He walked a little unevenly on his ankle. Also an issue that could inhibit escape. Steve couldn't run properly.  He'd had to resort to stealth, then.
"Well, Captain, thank you for your generous if a bit unnecessarily difficult contribution to science," said the man in the suit.  "We'll be in touch. We'll either recreate the serum or, failing at that, create a new inducer. Either way, we'll get what we want."
Jasper was purple when she let go; he gasped desperately.  "P-project Heirloom is a b-breeding program--"
Steve moved to kneel on the bed, head tucked downwards in the correct sort of position. Like this he always felt vulnerable, exposed even. But it was all about Steve showing respect to his Alpha through the trust he put in him. But he could feel that Tony was holding back.  Maybe it was the museum thing; Steve wasn't sure.
Steve was shaking with tension but Tony made no move to let up, keeping a firm grip on Steve's thigh, his mouth working over Steve's shaft relentlessly.
By the time he was on the cusp of puberty, Tony had figured it out.  What his father wanted was a cardboard cut-out of a kid he could drag to press conferences to complete his perfect image.  He was a pilot and a patriot and an inventor and an entrepreneur and he didn't really have time for a kid in his life, but he needed one, so he could add family man to his list of accomplishments, and have someone to carry on his legacy.
"Too risky?  For who, the asset?  Who cares?  We're retiring the program anywhere.  His last act might as well be to help us get Rogers.  Then we can restart the program... without any of the speed bumps from last time.  Zola's approximation of the serum was good, but it was never even close to Stark's."
Steve ducked down to kiss her cheek, a proper gentleman. "Good night Peg."
The closer Bucky got the more Steve curled on himself.
Donner didn't move.  "Yes, I am. I'm due in December."
That was probably the worst question they could have asked him. Steve felt cold and he went still.
Tony leaned in to kiss her without thinking.
"Why not?!" Steve demanded, sounding upset now.
Tony did not want to talk about it.  Tony did not want to think about it.
Steve whimpered at the sensation as he was filled, his body clenching around Tony in response as he trembled on top of him with pleasure. He leaned his forehead against Tony's, their breaths mingling as their bodies sealed together. He groaned low in his throat as Tony thrust up inside of him and teased at that perfect spot. He tensed against him and came over Tony's hand and his own chest, panting a little as he rode out his orgasm with small undulations of his hips.
He smiled and poured the last bit of the wine into his glass; the bottle hadn't even made it to the main course.  "Well.  What can I say, I'm a hero, people love me.  I'll tough it out, somehow."  He laughed lightly.
"Mm-hm... well... might be worth freezing just in case.  He's the next best thing."  A pause.  "A partially detached optic nerve, some broken teeth.  I can have him back in ship-shape by morning, if you want."  Another pause.  "...I would waive my usual fee for some blood draws and behavioral testing.  He's really quite fascinating."  He reached over to pat the asset on the head.  He didn't react.
It was strange. It was like something had been wrenched out of him. His abdomen area just felt
He had chosen the hotel completely at random. The buildings on the street were packed tightly together which meant he could travel miles via just rooftops. He would need an escape route.
"Hey, everyone!  Listen up, here's the man of the hour, Steve Rogers--" called the DJ.  "--and, by the way, we've got the final count in, and we've earned six hundred and twenty-five thousand for charity!"
The fact that Bucky remembered the name Hanley’s meant something though and Steve felt a fuzzy sensation in his chest. ...but they'd have to work on the term 'horseshoe.'  Like 'Negro,' it was hopelessly outdated, and just as Steve had had to relearn the terminology to describe people's demographics, so would Bucky.
"Oh!  Fuck me, I'm supposed to meet Pepper for brunch."  Tony hesitated.  Larchmont was only thirty minutes, due east, probably only a minute in the suit.  But he didn't want to leave Steve.  "...lemme just call her real quick and see if we're still on."  Tony slipped into the bedroom and shut the door behind him.  He was conflicted.  He wanted to see Pepper, let her know he was okay.  Was she mad?  By now she probably knew all about his birthday.  He didn't feel like having anyone ruin the high he was getting from Steve's presence.  Then again, brunch meant mimosas, and Steve's home was woefully devoid of alcohol.
"So at least one of us has some fucking sense," grumbled Tony, climbing out of bed.  He would have liked to keep sleeping, but if everyone else was already downstairs eating breakfast, Tony didn't want to be left out.
Tony paced back and forth on the other side of the room like a caged tiger, clearly taking a vicious amount of enjoyment out of watching Sitwell get choked.  Natasha loosened up a little to let him talk.
"How much would you say you drink?" asked Gleason.
No. No. No... this wasn't happening. It
and you did the right thing. And you look good in that suit too," he breathed and traced the rim of the arc reactor with his fingertips. "I didn't realise they could fly so fast. I shoulda realised how strong they were. You literally told me yesterday..."
"That's your
Steve let out a high pitched noise in surprise as Tony tugged him in and kissed him. He trembled when their tongues met after lips parted and his hands slowly moved behind Tony to grip the headboard. Things were about to go up a notch. When Steve had first rode Tony he'd broken his goddamn bath...and he would hate to think that his alpha had felt he'd gotten lazy.
"Sorry!" Donner said, half yelling.
Steve checked his watch.  "...another twenty minutes.  I'm hitching a ride back with some of the MI-13 guys."
She and Tony fell to the floor in a tangle of flailing limbs.
To both Tony's and several other tourist's delight, Steve pointed out a little carving on the underside of one of the tables, Falsworth's initials (JMF) and a Howling Commandos insignia.  There had been a lot of rather long, boring meetings here, in Steve's day.
He and Steve clambered into the back of the rented Escalade.  As usual, the windows were tinted. Other than Happy, there was one more of Tony's bodyguards, Ido.  But the guards wouldn't be following them into the conference; they couldn't, as they were betas.
?  What are you, ten years old?"
"...Steve?  Hello in there.  Good morning."  Tony kissed his neck.
it. No one was making her be here.
"Miss Potts disabled the override command."
, Pepper.  I'm a
"Who cares?  Once they're bonded, they learn to love.  It's instinct. Look at your little friend Banksy.  He and Boswell are one of the most beloved pairs in America, and they were arranged.  Banksy adores Boswell. I doubt he even remembers the bonding itself."
Without it, he was getting sick rapidly.  He couldn't stop shivering.
Steve hated it when Bucky called him that. He never used to- not before the war and Steve got bigger. It felt like a distancing tactic. It felt like it was Bucky saying you're just
"Fuck," he whispered.
"But Nat-"
Someone passed over Gideon's face.  "What? No, you're not. Come on, Donner."
"Yeah.  But it probably won't be sleezy," said Tony.  "It'll probably be some five-star Ritz. And you can't let on that you're uncool with any of it.  Bite him, if you have to, just get him out of there."
Steve made to take the stairs around the back entrance up to his bedroom. "You're done, Tony. You're going to make yourself sick. For real."
"I thought you were going to be a paleontologist-fireman," said Laura.
"Let me down, Tony!" demanded Steve, who was not thrilled with being carried.
"Let me go, you freak!"
Tony strode over; he and Malick shook hands.  Malick sat without shaking Steve's.
"Wo-o-ow!" said Five, as if Steve were a wax mannequin and not a person who could hear them.
"No one's asking you to share anything Tony," Steve pointed out quietly. Bucky quite clearly wanted Tony dead too. There was no sharing to be had in any shape or form.
"Please..." Steve pushed against the door. "
, Steve, Steve, my Stevie, yes..."
JARVIS didn't respond, but a moment later, the suit stood, letting go of Steve.  Pepper grabbed a blanket off the bed (she seemed immune to being grossed out by blood, sweat, or semen, at least at the moment) and draped it over Steve to give him some modesty.  "Steve," she said softly. "I'm going to call the doctor, okay, and Phil's going to come over... let's get you some clothes... can I see the cut on your stomach? How does your head feel?"
But having already done that once, in January, Tony couldn't bring himself to.  "Yeah," he called. He'd curled into the bed, still in his slacks and shirt. He'd at least taken off his shoes and jacket, and loosened his tie, but that was as much effort as he could be bothered to put into undressing.  He'd grabbed a bottle of scotch from the mini-bar in the room and curled under the comforter, suddenly aware of how frozen he was. Standing still for two hours outside had numbed his fingers and ears and nose; the snow in his hair got the pillow wet, so he threw it aside and grabbed a new one.
Tony frowned.
When Steve woke on the last day, he did so with a groan. Tomorrow was Project 84, or so he thought (it was hard to keep track of time like this). Steve felt tired more than anything. He hadn't even woken up with a hard-on (like the multiple days before). He just wanted to be close to Tony, to cling to him. Half the bed sheets were across the room and the dildo somehow ended up on the dressing table. Steve wrapped a leg around Tony and shuffled closed, tucking his head against his Alpha's chest. He listened to his heart beat for a few minutes (he had learned to lay his head off-center to hear it, because the arc reactor was situated over it) before opening his eyes again.
DeSoto's Alpha walked over, furious.  "Your omega was running wild, that's what."
.  There was a very subtle, faint oiliness on Tony's fingers (gross) and Steve smelled incredibly enticing.  Not smell so much as taste-feel; pheromone sense was difficult to communicate to betas.
Tony shrugged.  "More for me," he said, unconcerned.  Personally, he thought the idea of being force-fed alcohol sounded like a glorious existence, but based on the expression of Steve's and Wendy's faces, he decided to let it drop.  He didn't want to ruin the evening by getting into a debate about food, of all things. Tony ate pretty much whatever he wanted and didn't think very much about where it came from.
Steve sighed and stared down at his hands in his lap. He pushed his palms together. They were sweaty, making him grimace. Steve was quiet for a while, thinking through what she'd said. His mind drifted back to the war of the forties, of all the terrible judgement calls he'd had to make. Steve swallowed thickly.
A moment later it was being handed to him, but not by Steve.
Steve gave Tony a fond look and walked over, tugging on one of the 'squirrel's' ears affectionately. Of course, he never expected Tony to actually wash the car himself. He couldn't wash a mug. He gave Jorge a polite smile and a wave.
?  I'm your handler!  You take orders from
What had they done to him? Was there any of him left? Steve didn't know. It was like watching Bucky fall all over again, except this time he had seen him hit the bottom. He was in pain, he needed help... but Steve couldn't reach him. Just like he couldn't before he fell- he hadn't quite managed to grab his hand... looking down at him, Steve found his motivation.  If he needed to pull the trigger, he could do it.  He could do it knowing he'd let Bucky fall.
, Steve," she said pointedly.  "I'd like to talk about how your actions have affected
They walked into the ER together, Tony practically on top of Steve the whole way, linked arm-in-arm, bristling.  Tony, if he had been in his right mind, would have thought they all looked crazy: Steve being enormous and sniffly, Donner hugely pregnant, Mackenzie in all-black op gear, and Tony in his bright yellow sweater, hackles spiked.
"We've met a few of the councilmembers before," said Natasha.  "Fury came up with the Avengers Initiative about two years ago and they lost it when they saw Clint was on the short list..."
"The one who went totally berserk, turned into the Jolly Green Giant, and destroyed half of Culver College?"
He nodded. "Of course, captain."
"Come on.  Let's go," demanded Natasha, who could ID a raid going south from a mile away.  She didn't want to be anywhere in the vicinity of these two children, let alone the Winter Soldier, who would probably recover quickly and come after them.  And super soldier or not, she was concerned for Steve's condition.
"Tony's wearing one too. So it's like...equal."
Karpov's hand froze mid-slap.  For a moment he didn't move.  Then his hand finished its arc, slowly, and fell onto his cheek.  Karpov patted him, and turned and looked at the others.
!" shrieked Tony immediately, tearing into the room and knocking over the second chair.  They'd made him take off his armor but he was still looking fairly intimidating, despite the full beard, MIT sweatpants, and wifebeater that smelled like engine oil.
Steve curling up against Tony like this worked because of his flexibility. Maybe now if he was going to work out less intensely he could pick up something like yoga- something
"How's that investigation going?"
"Yeah, she got her mom's looks," said Brent with a grin.
"I know I've stirred a lot of shit up and I'm sorry that's backfired on you. I know I've not helped, that I've made things hard for you and I'm truly sorry about that. But least I respect you, Donner. Least I think you
Pepper sighed heavily.  "Okay... when do you need it by?"
"Oh, I
I like when you cross your arms and spread your legs and stand like a soldier when you're trying to get a point across.  I like how you make a huge breakfast every morning even though I've actually never had anything other than coffee around you before noon."  Tony paused and huffed a little.  "You told me you don't do triads.  And I said okay.  And now there's another Alpha in the picture.  And even if you want to say
The baby on Brent's chest yawned in her sleep and Pepper nearly melted.  "Oh my God, she's
He was clearly drifting off into his own head space because Brooke was cupping his cheek and drawing his gaze back to her face. "You see, Steve, I'm not interested in status. I'm interested in
"...if you want, I'll pee on it, too," said Tony.  "Y'know, equality and all that."  He forced a grin.  He didn't know how the fuck to even read one of these things.  Yet another thing that he didn't know.  He and Steve lapsed into silence, staring at it.  Tony was waiting fro a negative result so they could have a big laugh over how dumb they'd been.
Steve moved to sit up and then promptly fell off the bed, into darkness. He groaned. "Fuck you," he mumbled, to no one in particular. Well, mostly to Bucky, but he couldn't exactly hear him.
After about two minutes of Steve staying still and trembling with the effort he just managed to slip off Tony with a small wince, collapsing back down onto the sheets. He suppressed a strange urge to giggle. "Tony--" he sighed sweetly; flexing his legs against the sheets. "Tony, you gotta..." he was touching his own erection. Steve was trying to be good. "I need something inside of me. Please."
? No. I don't even remember--"
in return. It was like it wasn't even his mate inside that suit.  Mates were supposed to
"What kind of stuff do they teach you?" Steve asked, curious.
"Thank you Pepper," Steve breathed gratefully as he slipped the pillow between his forehead and the floor.
Steve lifted his head away once Tony was half hard beneath him to pull down the fabric of his boxers. And then he surged forward with a renewed enthusiasm, sucking the head into his mouth and flicking his tongue over the slit just like he knew Tony liked. He felt his Alpha shiver in response and smiled around him. He pulled away a little, letting the head sit on his tongue as he looked up to watch Tony's expression.
Fury watched all this passively, but waited until the two were both out of the room to continue.
"Do you have anymore kids down here?" Steve asked. "I'm going to check anyway, so you might as well tell me.
"It is kind of scary," Two hummed, bumping shoulders with him. "Not knowing..." Again. She only looked seventeen or eighteen.
Something gave beneath his teeth and suddenly his mouth was flood with a dark, bitter, astringent taste.  Tony let go immediately, spitting. "
"Up yours, Happy!" replied Tony grumpily, stepping out into the cold New York weather and slamming the door behind him.  Happy didn't seem bothered in the slightest; he, like everyone else in Tony's life, was used to mood swings.
What didn't make sense was that Death seemed confused.
"неважно, James," said Pietro with a roll of his eyes.  He should've known the Alpha was incapable of focusing for that long.  Even without the distraction of Steve, Bucky was fairly spacey.
When Steve moved off him and then
"What were you thinking about?" he whispered. "When you went inside?"
they do?" asked Tony, hoping everyone would come to their senses and realize how pointless the babies were.
Gleason sent Pepper a worried look. "Is he going to be okay?"
Bucky was goddamn heavy. Heavier than Steve. The metal arm didn't exactly help either. Steve grunted as he lifted him and then carried him over to a stretcher laid out on a table, his arms protesting like crazy. He stared down at the man's now-peaceful face, his hair framing him like a halo.
"Please, Aria, don't try to justify my actions--" began Steve wearily.
"I...I don't know."
Phil poked his head out of his nest to eyeball Tony with interest.
Clearly, no one was taking any chances with Captain America; only Bucky was going to be allowed to man-handle him.  Bucky looked at Steve. He didn't want to just
"Rhodes!  Rhodes, I need to know you're all still locked on me," demanded Tony, scanning the avenues below him.  Crowds were stampeding toward the entrances, looking like ants; there were bubbles where the drones that were not flight-capable were stomping down the fairways.  The crowds swarmed around them like schools of fish avoiding a shark.
"You're kidding me," said Phil, staring at Tony in shock.
"Hey." Steve reached out to Tony's free hand. "None of that," he said, voice gentle. "You're stronger than a man like Malick could ever hope to be. He's a joke. And if he's been in your situation, he never would have made it out of that cave alive."  With his other hand Steve reached up to push back the head of the onesie so he could run his fingers through Tony's hair. "I don't care what these people think of you, or me, or
Steve kicked an especially big chunk of wall out of the way with a grimace. He almost didn't want to speak and break Tony's 'mojo' as it were but he had to ask. "Is there anything else I can do?"
The colonel beside them, whose hands were clasped behind his back, raised an eyebrow.
we're still bonded but it still sucks.  Like your body is reminding me of what a shit Alpha I am."
"I'm okay," Steve said a little too quickly and pressed the letter face down onto the table. He looked a little distance, his blue eyes glassy. "I just..." His gaze trailed from the letter up to Tony's face. Had Bucky sent the flowers too? It seemed so strange; an ex-HYDRA assassin sending flowers. "It's hard to not feel like I'm failing you in some way."
"Such a good fit," mumbled Tony against Steve's throat, rolling his hips lazily.  "Feels so good... my good omega..." He sighed contentedly.
much easier.
Cooper pouted, clearly not impressed. Laura reached over to take Lila from Natasha and then smoothed out her hair from where it had been ruffled by dinosaur attacks. "It's okay. I'll keep them occupied. You guys take as long as you need."
Ever since he'd spied on Tony his moral compass had gone AWOL.
Steve appeared outside less than a minute later. "Hey, everything okay?" He'd felt a tightness in his chest and suddenly it had been hard to breathe when he'd been trying to order a mushroom and pineapple pizza. He walked up to Tony, a hand on his arm as he tried to read the other's facial expression. Steve knew what it probably was: the subtle scent of cigarette smoke still lingering in the air.
He let himself into the hotel suite with a nod to the bodyguards hanging out outside in the hallway, and stepped in.  He didn't immediately see Steve, and relief flooded him, following by guilt that he would be relieved not to see his mate.
landing on the doctor's face like he was seeing it. "желание," he whispered. "печь, рассвет..." He was reaching out to touch Gleason's face, his eyes misting over with something... red.
"You seriously don't know, do you?"
"I'd say about a hundred and ten percent," Natasha said; she pocketed her pistol and pulled out a stun gun. "But I'll play nice." Her eyes glinted as she clicked the safety off and turned the stun gun on. "...as long as he does."
"...what happens if I touch your glands now?  Do you like... die?" asked Tony suddenly. He turned his head sleepily.  "JARVIS! What happens if--"
"Tony. Tony... we've go to..." Steve trailed off. He had no words. His body was thrumming with need, calling out to Tony. His uniform was too heavy and hot but his hands weren't free to do anything about it. And Tony was stuck in his suit. This was far from ideal. The suit itself was heavy on top of Steve, the edges of it digging into him in places. This was not good.
"...on time?  This must be the end of days," said Pepper, checking her watch.
"Who's this?" demanded Steve.
And then it
The week passed quickly after that. Steve did one out of three of his army base speeches. He'd felt weird dressing up in 'Cap' uniform again, almost like an impostor... but it was what the graduates wanted to see. And once Steve was there with them, it was almost like he'd never left. The crowd was all betas and Alphas, and he was used to that. Back in the forties he could go a months without seeing a single omega at all. It was war and it appeared they had just... vanished. When Steve had gotten home after the speech he'd stripped the uniform right off and hung it up perfectly at the back of the closet, making sure there were no creases, aware he'd need it again for the next speech.
"Rhodey, buddy, you still with me?"
I can't do a Jamaican accent.  Anyway, I Anne Franked Bunny for... well... I guess the last thirty-five years.  Aaliyah was right that Dad had a lot of ideas about what an Alpha should be, what a boy should be.  And the funny thing is, if he had given it just one more year, I probably would have given up Bunny anyway.  I was really into electronics and stuff, not really stuffed animals. Actually, Bunny might literally be the only one I ever had.  But... but I guess the point I was going for was that... that since I met you, I changed a lot of my own views about... stuff. Like masculinity, dominance, what makes a 'good' Alpha... and... stuff like that.  And I thought it was time for Bunny to come out of hiding."
"Steve...you know there's cases of this-"
"Look, Steve... I'm a modern guy, okay, but..."  But what?  But he didn't want Steve to be his "leader."  Tony was his own leader.  He didn't like being bossed around.  Especially by a omega.  Especially by
"Yeah, at the Smithsonian."
"Nuh," said Tony, rolling onto his back.  He was vaguely away of the smell of stir-fry and omega.
"She wanted me to check on you.  I slipped in after the colonel," said the omega.
Kill him? Kill who? What the hell was going on?!
"Well?"
"Sorry, I..." Steve's voice sounded lost, too quiet. He pulled his hand back from the window; he had pressed it there, half-hoping and half-dreading that another hand would come up, as it had in his dream.   "Do you ever have a dream that you're not sure is a dream?" Steve asked in a murmur and then finally turned around to face Tony, his blue eyes glazed over with doubt.
Tony dissected his with the precision of a surgeon, picking apart and eating only certain parts.  He was unimpressed with the decadence of it.  He'd eaten meals with actual gold in them.  (A poorly thought-out marketing ploy, in Tony's opinion.  He would rather eat food that didn't make him shit glitter.)
When Bucky said he was
"I don't know anything about omegas, Steve.  I... I can't... you spied on me... and you... went into heat and I just lost it, I lost control.  I can't... shouldn't... I'm a genius, I'm Tony goddamn Stark. I'm too... too
Sitwell stared at her like she'd grown a second head.  "
"...I do."
"Raise.  Four nights."
Steve shook the box curiously. He narrowed his eyes at it and then sniffed at it. "What the hell is in here?" He asked, rattling again and listening closely as if the very box itself might whisper the answer to him.  "Arm? What..." Steve wasn't really understanding; he was too far gone. It was a miracle he wasn't on top of the fridge with Clint.
His eyes were glazed over, lips still parted as he let out little whimpers and gasps. The question Tony had asked took a while to register in Steve's brain. He nodded without thinking. "P-please..." He whispered, whining in disapproval when Tony pulled one hand away to grab the collar from the bedside table.
"Favorite movie, book, and food," demanded Tony suddenly.  "Mine's Bullitt with Steve McQueen and
"Because I don't want to do this. I would rather die than do this. Let them harvest me; I don't care. I have nothing waiting for me outside of this HYDRA base. Tony doesn't want me. You're not capable of really wanting. I don't even belong here. I should be dead anyway," Steve said quietly, his gaze fixed on the glass ahead of him.
.  At the end, she'd said it was poetic.  "He always wanted more.  He couldn't be happy with what he had," she'd said.
"Jesus," Haley muttered. "I'm sure he's a good person, deep down, but that guy is an idiot. It's not his fault he's an idiot, but he's an idiot."
"Your and Captain Rogers's announcement has been reported by all major news outlets.  Internet commentary indicates roughly two-thirds approval by the public.  Expo casualties have been confirmed to be six.  Names have not yet been released to the public, but I took the liberty of looking them up for you, sir."
"Oh. And I just took a picture of me pulling an unimpressed face instead of one of you two. Thought you might appreciate that," Steve said, bringing his drink to his lips with a glint of mischief in his blue eyes.
This is the end of Part 2.
"Why do you still want me to pretend I'm some kind of prude?" Steve huffed.
, meant every action he took represented his country.  He could easily cause a civil war.
"Okay, so, here's what I've got so far. JARVIS! Power up the MARK VII suit components. ...so the idea is that they come to me and self-assemble. Watch! Jarv,
Tony opened the door and stepped out.  Compared to Los Angeles, New York in March was chilly; the ground was covered in a layer of packed ice and slush, giving the graveyard a demure look.  Tony picked his way through the crunchy layer of snow and led Steve across the yard, finally stopping.
Steve sniffed, still shivering.
"So did Schmidt!" Steve pointed out, his whole body trembling.
Tony woke up on a Wednesday in late June with an erection so hard it was painful.
Was he hearing things now? Or was it...?
"I'm so happy to hear that.  Let me transfer you to the heads of our admissions, Francine.  She'll be more than happy to walk you through the process. May I ask who's calling?"
"Thanks, Stark," Kerry said and patted Steve's shoulder. "We don't wanna bleed Cap dry.  His Social Security checks aren't exactly huge and he's been donating all of them."
"You still have to kick out Phil Collins," he said.  "...I think he's with Stan."
A sudden memory.  Yinsen, performing surgery on a young man, a young man probably no older than twenty or twenty-one.  Tony didn't speak Farsi, which was what they were talking in, but he'd watched, silently, as the young man cried and pleaded and as Yinsen extracted a bullet from his shoulder and stroked his hair and reassured him.  That same man had, less than forty-eight hours earlier, pointed a gun at them, and threatened them, but Yinsen treated him like he was his son.  When Tony had asked, Yinsen had smiled at him patiently and recited, "ἃ δ᾽ ἂν ἐνθεραπείῃ ἢ ἴδω ἢ ἀκούσω, ἢ καὶ ἄνευ θεραπείης κατὰ βίον ἀνθρώπων, ἃ μὴ χρή ποτεἐκλαλεῖσθαι ἔξω, σιγήσομαι, ἄρρητα ἡγεύμενος εἶναι τὰ τοιαῦτα."
"Y-yes, miss?"
Beth sighed.  "...let's go back to the hotel and try to track Steve's location, and I'll make sure we send someone to go pick him up," she said.  Tony may have been bonded, but he was the same overly-energetic, selfish jerk she remembered from the nineties. She felt oddly fond of him in that moment.  Tony's was an immature kind of love, but it was love, nonetheless. In his own stunted way, Tony cared about Steve.
call me!  I'm going home!  I'll be back as scheduled.  Good-
Steve's body wanted his other Alpha.  His more powerful, dominant Alpha. Bucky, even-attuned to Steve, had woken up because of Steve's heat.
he felt in that moment was impossible to articulate. He just shuddered against the sheets and arced up into Tony's touch, silently asking for more. Outside of his heat Steve didn't think he'd ever felt more vulnerable. But he trusted Tony, there was no question of it, it was as simple as breathing.
A single glance told them that Cartier had done their homework.  She was wearing a pencil skirt, stiletto heels, and sleeveless black blouse that draped elegantly around her neck and shoulders, revealing a lot of back and a hint of cleavage.  But more notably... she was a redhead. A natural one, clearly; her cheeks and nose were covered in freckles. She extended a hand to Tony; Tony shook it, his eyes wandering over her.
When a waiter offered him some wine he took the water off the tray instead, downing it. He felt hot in the small viewing room. Maybe it was just the crowd of people, all excited and giddy due to the race being prepared for outside. "Jesus Christ-" Just as Steve was putting his glass down he realised Tony had already slipped out of his view. Fuck. He was being difficult on purpose. The ass. Steve was about to go after him when he felt a hand tap on his shoulder.  "Rogers, right? Tony Stark's new PA?"
"Landscapers, bodyguards, maids, a PA, a pool guy, a whole staff just for all these stupid orchids... but they keep out of my way.  I like having alone time," said Tony.
"Is he okay?" Louis said, looking to Pepper. "Is this... normal?"
"Oh my moms love her to pieces," Aria hummed, finishing her espresso. "Right. Let me know if you chance your mind about interviews, or modelling; I'll just try and keep the shit storm at bay so you guys can enjoy your quiet time."
, had made him feel that fear. For a split second after Karpov had given the order and Bucky had lunged, Steve had truly believed he was going to do it.
"Well... they're in custody now.  They're not dead and they're no longer a threat to your mate.  So there's that, at least," said Tiberius, picking up a pitcher to refill Steve's glass.  "Better not to think about it. Focus on your heat and then there's Project 84... I don't think we'll be seeing those kids again."
"He speaks when we need him to speak."
. He stared down at Tony's hands around his, the skin a tinge darker, fingers a little thicker and shorter and rougher from his work. Steve had always had feminine hands before. 'Artist's hands,' Bucky used to joke when Steve pouted as his fingers couldn't quite reach a particular chord on a piano. Even after the serum he still felt like he'd sort of kept them; sure his hands were big and strong but the fingers were slender. Even with the serum, his status hid in the details.
Tony and Eric were leaned into each other shaking with silent laughter.
"...Everyone, move out of the way!" Steve heard voices. People were parting. They sounded authoritative. Someone knelt down in front of him. "Captain Rogers? My name is Brock Rumlow. Agent Rumlow. I was in the vicinity. I'm with SHIELD. I'm here to get you home."
"...anyway," muttered Tony.
"I passed?"
Um, and Iron Man, why aren't they talking about Iron Man?  ...this is
"Right. Come on," Steve murmured and moved to take Tony's arm in his. It wouldn't be obvious, but Steve could still help him walk like this. Tony was right, though, about it being better to go home.  All Steve really wanted was to be back in their bed and away from all this. There was no need to be mothered over by doctors. They wanted and needed each other right now. They were still recently bonded, in their honeymoon phase, and being in a hospital bed felt wrong.
And in a second Steve was off. If the omegas really were in there it was probably best that Tony, an Alpha, wouldn't be along with him. He found a door that led out back. There appeared to be some sort of playground for the younger kids and a gathering of trees.  Off to the left there was a smallish building which had grey walls and a flat roof.  It could have been a garage, or a storage building.
Steve was writhing under him in desperation and he'd already cum twice in an hour and Steve clearly wanted more and Tony had no idea how many mortal man was supposed to keep up with this for the course of several days.
anything.  They're
The female scientist pushed more syringes into the cell, more tentatively this time.
The only reason Ellis was probably inviting them was that Steve had caused a massive media shitstorm.  It wasn't just his coming out, but his interview.  Demanding better treatment for omegas had started a movement, and said movement was currently snowballing out of control.  It had gained traction and Ellis was politically savvy enough to know he'd better get on board.
"And we have to see the security council to get our feet freed up," Steve hummed as he pulled off his top and dropped it on the floor before letting the rest of his clothes follow. He paused when Tony drew the heart in the glass and smiled before moving to get into the shower with him. "I was hoping we might be able to go away somewhere," he said, reaching up to wipe a line of soap suds from Tony's forehead. "Aria found a cute place in Sweden. It has these cabins in the woods, all decked out, for couples and stuff."
"Listen, Megan--"
!" barked Karpov, giving him another slap.
"I slept on the couch," Steve said quietly. "Just so you know, I have somewhere to be in an hour." He glanced down at his phone. "But you're welcome to stay here and sleep, or just... hang out," he finished eventually.
," before he could help himself.  Despite the sarcasm, he meant it. He'd rather be there with Steve and know what was happening than sitting at home, terrified for Steve's safety, waiting to see whether or not he'd return.
"Oh, hi," replied Tony dizzily, climbing to his feet painfully.  He looked back toward the main stage. "Did... did you see...?"
"Good idea... Pepper won't abide losing a bunch of money," said Tony.  He opened the door for Steve and held it. He wasn't merely being polite; Tony never was, if he could help it.
and Steve couldn't think of any more lovable person in existence.
Tony managed to steal a kiss from Banksy before Pepper frog-marched him out.
The moment had been broken and the magic was gone now.  Steve's eyes were pleading with him, but it could be another trick.
"What is it?" he asked.  "Do
"Yeah, I got it Steve." He could hear a half-smile in Clint's voice. "You really cooked up a storm at his conference, huh?"
. He was oddly proud of Tony though, and oddly grateful too. The man had taken a great deal of effort to make Steve feel small and to make fun of them and here Tony was...throwing it back in his face, squirrel costume and all.
"...that's great," agreed Tony, moving into the kitchen to grab a carton of orange juice and a bottle of vodka from the fridge.  He began mixing himself a Screwdriver. "...how're you feeling? About the... neck? It doesn't look so bad." He tried to sound like he believed that.
"But you're
"S-sorry," he gasped, still clinging to Steve's hips and twitching up into him.  "D-didn't mean it-- you're good-- sorry-- oh, fuck, God, my dick-- cum for me--" He was going to have to probably give Steve a proper apology when he wasn't actively spurting jizz into him.  In Tony's opinion, it was a testament to his incredible brainpower that he was able to form any coherent thoughts at all; he was mostly focused on draining his balls into Steve, who was flushed pink and still clenching his knot and making all sorts of sweet little noises that no one would ever dream Steve Rogers capable of making.
"Absolutely."
"Moves? What-" Steve fell quiet instantly as their lips slanted together
He ran his tongue over Steve's balls; they tightened a little.  Experimentally, Tony pulled them into his mouth gently, running his tongue over Steve's sack.  Steve squirmed under him, body tense, clearly trying not to buck up.
"Tony? Can I get the lights on in lab seven, please?" he whispered into his comm. "I need to intimidate some people."
"I'm sorry," Steve breathed. "I don't know about the ‘94 case. I'm still catching up." He honestly said something just to start up conversation again. He didn't like the way Stone looked at Tony. He saw too much of himself in that look.  The part of him that hated Tony’s drinking and the way he casually, arrogantly ordered others around.
"--I already know how to fight," he said, a tiny bit defensively.  "I handed Waffles's ass to him. He got a lucky hit, that's all. ...and yes, it's been my real name for three years now."  He still didn't move. "I'm supposed to stay with Mr. Stark tonight," he said, not moving. "I don't want to wander off. My Alpha would kill me."  He looked at Steve up and down. Ever since being told to go "heel" Steve, DeSoto was clearly nervous around him.
to and I like to think you did the same. Sure, we were a little amped on hormones... but they got no right to judge us for any of that. I'm happy with you. Not because of my past, or yours." He reached up to push a loose lock of hair back from Tony's forehead. "But because of the future we're going to have together."
Tony huffed.  He rose and walked back into the house, flopping onto the couch and closing his eyes as he pulled out his dick.  He wasn't sure when Steve would be ready but he didn't dare pressure him. Steve was lucky he hadn't been raped, too; the likelihood of an Alpha bonding an omega without also mating them was like one-in-a-million.
and it was undoubtedly the best ego trip he'd had in recent years.  Beneath him Steve was giving weak little cries at each thrust, his hands balling up into the sheets, and Tony was somewhat glad they weren't facing each other because he was sure he had a big stupid grin on his face.
"No," said Rhodey.  "Are you?"
The Winter Soldier stared down the barrel of the gun.  People threatened him with death all the time and he wasn't the slightest bit scared by that.  However, if she missed and hit the blond, then he would get in trouble.  They'd been very clear that they wanted the blond alive.  How good of a shot was she?  She was holding the gun in a way that indicated she probably wouldn't miss, so he didn't let go.
"Have a safe flight," he told her and she sent him a grateful smile over her shoulder before she slipped away out of sight.
"Okay.  Explain where this came from," she demanded.
"Oh my God!"
Tony could barely stand straight on the gantry but once he was locked in, he felt steadier, more stable.  The plates locked over his body, the gauntlets and greaves creeping over his body, enfolding him, and Tony felt the usual sense of comfort and strength.  He reached up with a gloved hand to flip down the faceplate and waited for the augmented reality to load up.  The digital readout came online in an second.
Then he could chase down Hammer, maybe.  Had to find Pepper, too.
"Huh," repeated Tony.  He looked up at Steve, and then set a hand on his shoulder.  "...I'm proud of you. This looks..." He paused. "...this looks like it's costing a lot of money.  Steve, are you like, keeping track of your bank accounts?"
"Captain Rogers."
not going to," he said, his gaze fixed on something over Steve's shoulder.
Fury opened his mouth to answer but the words never came out.  The next part happened so quickly that it was almost impossible to piece together.  The glass sliding door that led out to Steve's balcony shattered and Fury threw himself to the ground, or at least, that was Steve's hope.  His hands plunged into his coat and a moment later he was holding a pair of handguns; he barked Steve's name and half-threw, half-slid one across the floor, then held up the other one to aim.
"Do you love me, JARVIS?"
He'd tottered down after Tony for breakfast only to see a huge group of suits outside.
"Also, would you all just stop calling him my Alpha--"
"Steve," hissed Tony, tugging on Steve's arm.  "We gotta keep an eye on Trickshot... and how're we gonna break this to Clint?"
"Is anyone listening to me?!" Steve demanded and it was apparent that the Alphas weren't. They were too lost in their own world fuelled by competition and hormones. It was ridiculous. Steve could have both of them pinned in minutes and they were fighting over him. He was slowly beginning to understand why Natasha used to roll her eyes and mutter '
It felt so good. So fucking
Happy offered Tony a brown paper bag; Tony pulled a styrofoam container out of it and a pair of chopsticks.  "Nong La?" he asked.
Gleason sighed. "This happened to my brother, Mr. Stark," he admitted in a whisper. "It's been many years now and he'svery  much recovered. But I'll tell you this: the most important thing-- without a doubt-- is not to let him think it's his fault.  ...you should try to get some rest, too."
"Tony, you can't- stop- wait- wait, wait, wait!"
"You think Tommy Banksy is cute, don't you?"
The omega raised an eyebrow at Steve and barked out a laugh.  "You're right that I am not one of them, and that I am better than them.  Us rabbits, we're often underappreciated, aren't we? You know this. I could pose the same question to you, though.  Why are you still with SHIELD? You're not one of them. You're better than them. They don't appreciate or care for you.  You're, to them, only a means to an end. You and I, as rabbits... we're both being used. So why am I with HYDRA? Because they took me and my sister in when no one else would."  He flicked his head again, to dust away the snow from his hair. "After Stark killed my whole family, my sister and I were left to fend for ourselves. We wouldn't be separated. But I am an omega, and we couldn't find any refugee camps that would let us stay together.  HYDRA gave us a home. Not a very good one. But, as you said yourself in an interview recently... well, you take what you can. Someone puts a roof over your head and feeds you, and you feel gratitude toward that person. Speaking of that person..." The omega fixed Steve with a look.  He couldn't have been more than eighteen or nineteen, but his eyes were much older, a strange amber color that looked permanently wary. "...now that Stark has left you, you could be with him now, you know."
"I do
Steve's breath hitched as Tony squeezed at his firm buttocks and he couldn't deny that he was aroused. His eyes darkened a fraction, especially at having Tony so close with his breath tickling at Steve's neck. "I think I get the picture," he breathed, voice soft as sin.
"Seriously, how many exo suits do we need?" griped Tony.
Tony didn't mention that, somehow, at least once a year, both Girl Scouts and Mormons found their way in.  He didn't mind the Girl Scouts but he found the Mormons infuriating.  The last time they'd come by, he'd demanded to know how they had made it to the front door, to which they'd calmly explained that they'd ridden their bikes, which didn't actually answer Tony's question at all.
"I'm-- I'm so glad you got my mark back," said Tony above him, voice cracking a little.  "I'm so glad you wanted me for your Alpha."
Tony looked at Steve.  "Okay, I already know you're deadly with a spoon, so please don't kill me. Look, lemme explain, please.  First of all, there's nothing
omega."
you. You get in--
Tony finished grooming and followed Steve into the bedroom.  "Steve... are we gonna stay here?  Your place?  Because I have, you know... I have a place of my own worth, like, twenty-four million dollars that's currently sitting completely empty on the beachside.  I miss my shop.  My place also has a pool.  And a home gym.  And JARVIS.  I'm just saying."
"Try to keep yourself out of trouble, will you, Captain?  My reach only extends so far." Fury sounded... tired.
Pepper materialized.  "Oh, Lord, Tony! You reek like booze!  Okay... okay, I'm going to go get him some coffee and try to sober him up before the...
"This one's nice," he said.
Sure, he knew Icarus.  An uppity omega of legend who'd gotten idea above his station and flown too close to the sun.  A cautionary tale. He nodded, and Karpov continued his lecture.
"Yes.  Yes, I'm aware."  She crossed her arms.
"Nice."
Steve felt a pang of guilt in his chest when Tony pointed that out. If he could go back in time he would have done things differently, but that didn't matter now. What mattered was proving to Tony that his intentions were genuine and that he'd never once compromised the Iron Man designs. And after everything Steve didn't even know if he could continue to work for SHIELD...not after finding all the bugs in his own flat and laptop. Trust had to go both ways.
Nadine suddenly looked over at Tony.  "Anything you'd like to share today, Tony?"
, he thought grumpily.  It was like the universe was conspiring to get him to go to that dumb support group.  Tony didn't want to for a lot of reasons, chief among them because that he felt like the other Alphas there would hate him.  It was
"Your SNL scripts. They've been approved and now you have to learn them for next Saturday and learn how to be funny," she told him. "You can be funny, right?" Aria said, giving him a shit-eating grin over her coffee. He gave her an unimpressed look in return. There was also some stuff in the binder about their trip to England, the hotel, and a suggested itinery...and apparently Peggy's caretakers had already been informed about the visit so they could let her know.  It was weird to think that Peggy needed any help.  Steve couldn't imagine Peggy needing nurses to hold her elbows for her.  She'd always been so strong, stood so straight-backed and upright.
Steve narrowed his eyes as he swallowed his last piece of bacon. "So what happens if I leave the house?"
"Well, her work likes her here. She's the only Alpha on the board and they want to 'network'," Haley said. "You want to sit? I'll introduce you to some people I know..."
"You get her to sleep on the floor?" Steve asked, like he was genuinely interested in the answer.
Steve hadn't dreamt, thankfully. He woke once or twice in the night, he was pretty sure it was due to pain but he couldn't be sure. His body just
"I suppose we could have Stone or Germaine come here..." mused Aria thoughtfully, tapping away at her phone.
Tony was lying on a couch in the break room with the others gathered around him.  They'd dimmed the lights; Tony had an arm slung over his eyes and he was trying to see if he could feel Steve.  He'd been actively trying not to think about Steve and to ignore anything remotely Steve-related for over a month; now, he was struggling to relocate the feeling of his mate, a sensation that had been constant for eight months and that he'd come accustomed to having.
Trickshot blinked in surprise.  "...actually... actually, yeah, that's exactly-- how did you...?"
Maybe he'd be able to find some peace, however temporary, in sleep.
Several people
"But then...I guess Bucky wasn't really my friend." Steve sighed and ran a hand over his face. "I don't know
But he held his own as a civilian.  He was in better shape than most for his age and he knew his fucking weapons.
"...Mr. Stark, do you think we're fools?" asked Councilman Yin.
doing the auction, right?  I know sometimes you get a little hyper-focused on your projects, but even with Eighty-Four in the works, you're going to take some personal time with your mate, aren't you?"  Another pause. "Have you told him about it, yet? Because we're getting closer and closer, and Tony seems like he's..."
"Sorry,
"...Tony?  It's Pepper."
Steve cried out when Tony reached down and began to stroke him. He rocked into his hand and shivered, eyes rolling back under his eyelids, his whole body vibrating in pleasure. Tony felt so fucking good inside of him, so good...Steve wished they could stay like this forever.
"You think this is funny?" asked the colonel in surprise.
Rhodey was yelling into the headset, too, but Tony wasn't aware of it.  The HUD display was off because Vanko's whips had taken down the interface, overloaded it.  Didn't matter.  Fight was over.  Tony had to find Steve.  Make sure he was okay.  That was all that mattered.
"Just get out. I can't take this! Get out!"
the company--"
"Who are you?" Steve asked. The soldier's reply was muffled by the glass; it was hard to make out. But Steve was pretty sure he got the gist of it.
"I gotta go, Tony," said Clint.  "You two... take it easy, okay? Just... don't close any doors.  There's not really a right way to be a parent, you know, you just try your best to love the hell out of your kids, and guide them, and--"
"I don't have an omega."
"Can't you just hack it?  You're the tech genius, not me."
Silently, he began counting to himself in prime numbers, warding off the memories that plagued him, and he slipped into sleep sometime just after 463.
Pietro patted his arm and then, in a flash, he was gone.
"JARVIS told me not to worry about on the way over," Steve said. "But I'm keeping it on, it doesn't bother me that much- they know where I live anyway," he pointed out. Clint shrugged.
"Excellent. Talk to you soon."
"If you wanted an omega you could just buy one.  They had auctions and everything," said the soldier, remembering.  "That's how come I took him. I didn't want him to ever end up there.  I wanted to protect him."
"Give Aria your number. I'll get in touch," Steve assured Bethany. And the fierce-looking woman almost smiled at him before gathering herself back together.
"I need a coffee IV," he mumbled as he heard Steve walking out to put a pot on.
"Good. You need stress relief," Aria said, grinning. "You nervous?"
One of the orchids had green steaks through it. It looked pretty. Steve flipped over the label.
"I like to cut to the chase," said Tony.  "I'm preferable to naturals."
"It's the end of the honeymoon, yeah. We're probably fine," he hummed. "Don't worry about it right now."
"We can push it to forty minutes," Aria said, tapping away on her phone. "But I don't want us to be late. It wouldn't be a good first impression."
"There's been a lot of discussion but we think you'll like the compromise we came to," she said as they walked into the elevator, pressing one of the buttons.
yet?  ...no, actually, you know what? You choose. You have a big speech tomorrow.  Whatever you want. Even something... animated and
"I don't care," he said, and he didn't.  He almost
"No," Steve affirmed quietly. "It hasn't."
fault Vanko decided to waltz in and shake things up."
Of course, even though it had been pushed back three hours, Tony was late.  When Tony finally entered the lobby of the Stark Industries building after taking a two-hour lunch, Steve was pacing frustratedly; he sighed in relief when he spotted Tony finally waltzing in through the double doors.  “You need to get up here,” he told him, holding out Tony’s double espresso with a clear look of disapproval on his face.
"Who the hell're you?"
," whispered Tony.  He was glad they were speaking French, because admitting these things was embarrassing.  He hated talking about his sexual history.  In fact, he hadn't bothered to do so in about a decade.  He left it up to Pepper to screen his one-night stands to make sure they were legal and clean.  She had initially refused to do so until Tony had caught the clap twice in one year, and then begrudgingly begun to do so, all which muttering that none of this had been in her job description.  "
"Yes!  And he's being a stupid idiot from the forties who doesn't ever remember to charge it or check his texts," sulked Tony.
Pepper reached over and grabbed Tony's suit jacket to keep him from running off without breaking her monologue.  "--any potential controversies or hostile reporters, they're divided into political on top in green and social on bottom in orange, plus two generalized statements in yellow, back pocket, extra business cards, page six has dossiers on everyone seated at Tony's table, make sure he gets the seat farthest from the bar, if you need to, steal someone else's, allergies on page seven--"
Fifteen minutes later Tony was asleep and Steve could slip away. He did so, tenderly wincing as Tony slipped out of him.
And even if they did, Tony could never run after Steve, not with Phil and Natasha and Barton watching.
"Render complete, sir," said JARVIS.
"Shit," said Tony suddenly, reaching over to grab the alarm to silence it.
With the faceplate on, the world had opened up to him like an over-ripe fruit, dripping information everywhere.  His field of vision wasn't just the scene below him, but a dozen more things. Tags on the plants identified them; a small red circle on the ground was Steve, his name and a slew of information; floating text told him the time, the temperature, which direction he was facing, the air pressure, air currents, humidity, outside visibility; a bit of text popped up in the corner to tell him he had three new voicemail messages, but once he'd read it, it vanished, replaced by a small floating red circle with an X through it.  The amount of symbols and text floating around shifted with his eyes, never blocking his vision, always just on the periphery.
Steve shook his head.  "That's impossible.  He fell.  They never even found the body.  He'd-- he'd be, like, ninety-three years old.  That's impossible."
Before Steve could even try and listen in armed guards appeared behind him and a barrel of a gun in his back was nudging him forward.
Steve frowned, where the hell was
"Oh," said Tony with forced casualness as he dug around Steve's things for a razor.
"Are you a student?"
"I think Aria, my assistant, said they wanted to do something in the Oval Office, but I don't really know what," Steve said.
The three of them looked up when the door slammed.  They had been playing cards at the table; Maria was mercilessly destroying the other two.
Tony didn't comment on what he'd done, on what had happened when Steve had been thrown against the wall.  None of them had known.  But if the Winter Soldier hadn't appeared... they would've found out and then they would have had to have gotten rid of it, anyway.
The hotel line had gone dead while Tony and Pepper were arguing.
At least Jorge couldn't.  Jorge was a beta. And also didn't speak English.  Hell, Jorge was probably Tony's favorite person he'd met here all weekend.
Oh well.  At least they still had a month to figure it out.
CAPTAIN AMERICA!"  Others had taken a more aggressive stance, such as, "OMEGAS DESERVE BETTER," (which had made Tony feel shitty because he agreed with them... Steve probably did deserve better) and, "Α + Ω + Α = LOVE" (which had made Tony feel shitty because they weren't in a trio and the idea of being in a trio with another Alpha absolutely sickened him.
Tony leaned in to the call with a grin.  "What forged data?" he asked; he'd already deleted all traces of his tampering.
Steve grinned goofily.
"Well, unfortunately, Dr. Thompson, our program begins in the fall, by which time your daughter would have already aged out.  Have you arranged a bond for her yet?"
, he thought.
"Yeah, that douchebag.  ...do you think he could be
"Oh, shut up, JARVIS.  What would you know about human guilt, anyway?"
Donner watched, wide-eyed, and giggled softly.
Tony was feeling thoroughly refreshed.  He'd never had a calm birthday and so far it had been nothing but relaxing.  He soaked his feet, got a massage, got a mani/pedi, and was currently lying with a couple of cucumbers over his eyes, letting someone else wash his hair and trim his beard, while he sipped on a martini and listened to some Enya.  It was blissful to not worry about Iron Man or SHIELD or Project 84 or any of the other crap in his life.
"He doesn't pay you enough," Aria told Pepper and she sighed as she stood.
And- this was what caused Tony's heart to beat, to ache, to scream in his chest- there was Steve, looking remarkably under-dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, his hands scrambling uselessly over Vanko's armor as Vanko held him up like a ragdoll.
Tony had hoped to see Pepper beforehand but there was no time for that.  There was a strict speaker and presentation schedule, and Hammer was on in thirty. Tony desperately wanted to cut the guy off.  He also didn't want to have to wait any longer than necessary.  The sooner they got this over with, the better.  It was like tearing off a Band-Aid.
"And then what, we wait fifteen, twenty years?  Taking care of some fucking baby?" asked the woman.
When Tony woke, it was because Steve was trying to extricate himself from the bed.  Steve was good at a lot of things, but being sneaky wasn't one of them. His size made that impossible, and when he got out of the bed, Tony noticed.
Tony looked down, rubbing his palms on his knees.  He was thinking back to what Steve had said about his father hitting on him.  Did Steve ever look at Tony and see Howard? Was any element of Steve's attraction nostalgia for an Alpha he'd once known... an Alpha who had made advances, who had been universally adored as an icon of strength and dominance?
Steve's voice became a touch softer. "Do you seriously not get that I
They went downstairs to the restaurant in the hotel.  Steve debated between a full English and waffles; Tony took the helm and ordered both for him.
On the screen, the lineup had changed.  Tony's driver's name was replaced with his own.  The driver was throwing a tantrum in the background while Tony casually talked to the reporters on the track.  Every eye in the club had turned to the televisions.
"Nate... are you an omega or a beta?"
Tony would never be good enough for him.  He would never be Bucky.
it, and this one guy was talking about how happy he was that his son was an Alpha now... oh my God... we've gotta stay here and get as much shit on them as we can so we can fight this."  Tony squeezed Steve's hand.
"--and this one is Gyrados.  He's really powerful but he's not shiny.  And
Wakanda was a silent country that abhorred outside intervention, and so in the end, Tony decided to let it go.  (In the early 80's, Howard Stark had offered the tiny country aid in the form of palm pilots, one for every child, his reasoning being that education was critical to pulling one up by the bootstraps.  Wakanda had refused.  Howard had proceeded to air-drop the palm pilots over the country anyway, and then write off the expense on his tax returns.)
"Anything," said Tony automatically, a little quickly, the weight of guilt lying heavy in his stomach.
"If you want help putting it on, I can. Sometimes they can be fiddly," Kitty offered sweetly from a distance. She was a nice girl, or at least seemed it. Her tone was genuine. But every time Steve looked at her he just wanted to take that collar off of her, which was stupid. She wasn't being oppressed; she wasn't even mated. She just worked in a store that sold collars so of course she had to wear one. It was her
. I don't want to protect DeSoto or anything.  I mean, not more than anyone else, I think it was about the other guy that I was interested in," said Tony, squinting.  "Trickshot..." he repeated to himself in a murmur, trying to remember. "...I'll ask DeSoto about him tonight. ...and no, Steve, we're not gonna mess with the any of his shit.  He's already furious at us; he's obviously got an anger issues and a dominance complex. If we push him, he'll take it out on Donner. I mean, think about it. You piss him off, Donner looks like you... and he got Donner before you were even unfrozen.  I bet you in the bedroom, they do some weird Captain America roleplay and Malick pretends like he'd a big guy who can beat him up.
"I promised him I'd only bet money," mumbled Tony.
"...leave 'em alone, Tommy," said Boswell.  "...they need alone time."
"I'll ask around," said Tony, squeezing Steve's hand back.  "Well, c'mon, let's get you situated..."
"He said, 'Don't try and stop me.  I'm gonna walk to Iowa if I have to.'  We're in Rhode Island, and I said to him, 'come on, Tricky, you're being crazy, listen, your brother's probably not even there anymore, just calm down, if you behave yourself, maybe Alpha'll take you to the next one.'  And Tricky said, 'no, I don't care, I behaved all week for that-- that
The two of them grabbed their purses.
Huh. Not good.
. He groaned as he sat up, the floor beneath him smooth. He was in someone's house.  But not any house he was familiar with.  He frowned and ran a hand over his face.  Then Steve blinked and looked at his hand. Sometime felt different, but he looked every bit his skinny self that he normally was. His chest tugged with the effort as he stood on shaky legs, the coat he wore too thin to keep him warm. He didn't need it, not in here. The house was plenty warm. A far cry from the drafty tenement he was familiar with.  His back hurt from lying on the hard floor.  Of course, it always hurt.
"...since
Even without the glands on the back of his neck, Steve was floating. His eyes were shiny and he was aware of nothing but Tony's hands and mouth on him. "Fuck." He whispered. "Oh, gawd." They both knew Steve was sensitive, more than most, but that had been especially...
Tony stared at Steve.  He was still kneeling.
?  Did he mean, like, a vaccination or something?
"The cops are all here already, man!" said the boy named Ryan, gesturing.
"Okay," Steve said, a small smile still on his lips. "I'll just get dressed."
Tony was basking in it like a lizard on a sunny rock.  Apparently, the threat of being trampled wasn't one that bothered him much.
"In your dreams, Wilson..."
"  No.  That was impossible.  Tony was the only one who knew how to make those, except Vanko, who--
Peggy looked thoughtful, the worn lines of her face knowing.  "Ours was a different generation. Especially for Americans, omega equality was simply not thought of.  Even if they hadn't been mated, I'm sure Edwin and Howard would have fallen very naturally into those roles.  After all, Howard was always so dominant, and--"
"A nap can do wonders," Happy remarked cheerily from the front seat. He'd clearly been witness to many scenes like this one before.
"That's confidential!" snapped Melinda.
"It's regulating your heart as a pacemaker would."
"...was a very dominant Alpha.  And not a very good person. And you, Stark, are nothing like him."
It was a motivation for a surprising amount of murders, actually. Omegas or Alphas who couldn't escape their lives would often kill their mate in frustration, and less often hatred. They didn't like feeling trapped. It was escapism through murder.
. So claimed. His body practically sagged in relief, his arms falling down by his head. Steve belatedly realised his knees were probably pink and sore along with his elbows. His serum meant it would be gone within the day but it was there for right now.
The waiter looked conflicted but, unused to asserting himself against Alphas, nodded and disappeared.
Tony had taken the tray and went off, leaving her to deal with the mangled carton.
He pulled Steve's earlobe into his mouth, half-biting and tagging, half-sucking, growling affectionately against him.  He hoped Steve remembered to call Pepper back because he sure as hell wasn't going to remember.
Tony reached up to scratch under his collar.  His plan to not raise his hackles was failing.  Rising hackles, like getting an erection, was often unintentional and it wasn't necessarily caused by anger.  General discomfort or nervousness could also prompt it. Right now, Tony was feeling extremely uncomfortable.
"Steve," Pepper sent him a long, hard look. "I hope you're not thinking what I think you're thinking. But don't do it. There's just some people you don't want to piss off and
"No.  You don't have the pipes for Stevie.  You gotta
Seeing the grave had made Steve go quiet. He didn't like thinking about Falsworth so alive and then so not. He'd had children but it would inappropriate to go visit them. Steve hated being reminded of how much time he'd lost. Steve felt like someone who'd almost been...left out. So many who he'd cared about had lived and died whilst he'd been sleeping. It made him feel both frustrated and selfish.
Phil met them by the main door of the building where Steve's psych eval had been. "Good morning, Cap, Mr Stark." He offered them a warm smile, both of them. Steve felt oddly grateful for his hospitality. "Thank you for coming in so early, the doctors have been consulting..."
"I know you don't want me there right now," he said carefully. It hurt to just say it. "But if you need somewhere...or to just not to be alone. Then I'm here. You know where I am. My address is the same."
"...would... would Banksy be there?  At their house? If I came with you?"
Tony's eyes snapped up.  "You're
Steve waited for Tony to get down off the roof, repulsors hissing softly before he landed on the ground. Steve sighed softly as he got off his bike. "JARVIS helped me get here," he said, figuring mentioning the drunk and crying one night stand wasn't in good taste right now. He walked up to Tony, the man almost taller than him in his suit rather than smaller. Steve placed his hands on his hips and tilted his head at Tony, exhaling slowly.
Tiberius laughed gently. "I'm sure it won't be anything I haven't seen before."
"Well... you have the rest of your lives for that," said Tiberius.  Tony nodded miserably.
," said Alexis quickly, but it was too late; Tony was scanning the room for Pitbull, clearly intent of getting into another scuffle.
...boy, he'd never get his thoughts straightened out.  He missed Vasily and his needles with their clear, calming fluid that helped him sleep.
"Carter," she replied.  "Sharon Carter. Hello again, Captain."  She stuck a hand out; Tony didn't take it, averse as he was to shaking hands.  Steve, with his gentlemanly old-fashioned etiquette, did.
"Yes. SHIELD will have already sent something over to you, I believe," Gideon affirmed, watching as two more pieces of pizza disappeared within a matter of seconds.
"...it sounds like being in love."
"You know what you did."
"And this is Lila.  ...who's normally not shy, actually.  Lila, what are you doing down there? Say hi to Steve."
Steve moved to sit down, the omegas all sitting down around him. The few around the edges who hadn't been listening got distracted and turned when the rest of their autionees moved to sit cross-legged around Steve. Even Twelve, who'd been talking to another omega, pulled in closer so she could listen. They really were like children, excitable and curious. It was hardly surprising that they were more interest in an omega war hero with stories to tell than conversations about settling down. They were so young, after all.
He squeezed Steve's hand back.  The two of them both got out of the bath, sloshing water everywhere, and did a sloppy job of toweling each other off.
Steve, Pepper, and Aria were in the living room, the girls on their phones and tablets, a laptop on the coffee table between them.  Steve's hair looked damp and he smelled like sea-salt; Tony's heart warmed a little at the sight of him.
He ran his hands up Steve's sides, slowly lowering his body onto Steve, pressing his weight down (but being careful not to press the arc reactor into him; lesson learned; he'd marked, cut, and burned Steve on multiple occasions).  Steve's hands were tangled in the sheets; Tony gently put his hands over Steve's, threading their fingers together. He gave their bonding mark a quick lick before wiggling his hips and pressing himself into Steve, shuddering at the tight warmth around his length.
"This is great lead," said Brent, still writing notes on a legal pad.  "Lake Sycamore is one of Trinity's... looks like they're also going conversions under the table."
The days passed easily enough and Steve healed perfectly well. They fell back into their routine but there was a new anxiousness to it- outside the house no longer felt safe. There was the constant but silent threat of HYDRA around them, lingering at all times... Steve didn't go jogging without Sam now. He dragged Tony along if he wanted to eat out, or he went with Pepper to go shopping. Gleason visited a few times to check over Steve and kept assuring them he'd have something by Christmas...but he didn't ever give them any real answers.
"You haven't slept with him yet." Morgan smiled at him goofily. She was drunk. But she looked sad, too. "But you will," she laughed. It was an empty sound. "You'll think you're different..." Then Morgan leant in a fraction, breath hot against Steve's cheek. "But you're not."
"It's not your fault there was an emergency," he pointed out and the doctor smiled patiently at him.  Steve tilted his head. "I've never heard of that before, no. But I'm guessing it's pretty self-explanatory." There was that patient smile again. "I think that...obviously I'm a product of my time but I've changed a lot in the last nine months I've been awake. It helped having omegas around me a lot in SHIELD, to tell me how it was. I don't think a lack of self-care is necessarily a 'forties' thing. I think that once you've been in the army it's hard to get rid of that mentality...to remember you're an individual. It happened to a lot of my guys back in the day."
Tony tried to think of anything else to say, but couldn't.  So he didn't.  He remained lying on the couch, arms crossed.  He didn't really care if Steve wanted to lie prostrate like that on the rug for the rest of the day.  He couldn't accept another apology.  Not again.  Not after what Steve had done to him.  Because there were probably more lies and Tony just couldn't handle having an unfaithful, untrustworthy omega.  Tony felt a lump for in his throat, a prickling in the eyes. Damn it.
He trailed down lower, teasing his teeth and lips over Tony's left pectoral just because he could. Steve's eyes flickered up to watch his Alpha's face. "Tell me."
was the one and only word for it. Steve remembered spending days and days here before the Yemen incident and Peggy parading around with him in the park nearby to make a grouchy neighbour jealous.
"Maybe they found out from Barnes, somehow.  Wasn't he a POW in Azzano in '43?"
Steve gripped the railing of the stairs as he nearly doubled over, a tremor of left over heat racking through him. He swore. "Fuck. Oh my God.  God
Natasha's teeth clenched.  "We don't need to know about Insight.  We need to know about Heirloom and what the hell HYDRA is doing with Steve."
undercover to spy on the son of a man who'd previously tried to assault him!"
doing something about it. My friend has book me something this evening," Steve said. "You don't need to convince me. She already did.  But I'm telling you, I don't have--"
feels anything."
He was protesting the exercise thing because, oh God.  Oh God, no.  Steve was going to go into heat and then what?  Steve's heat on the plane, Tony remembered that all too well.  There was no way they'd be able to pause long enough to slap on a condom; Tony didn't even remember to wear one now, when they
Ah-ha!  Yes!  He remembered now!  He was Tony motherfucking Stark.
He didn't move.  The snow was drifting down around them but he didn't dare get up.  The word confused him. It was like catching a whiff of some unidentifiable and yet incredibly familiar smell.  He liked that word. He liked the way the omega said it.
"Do you want a shower?"
Louis's posture remained submissive.  "Steve," he said, his tone even and measured.  "We absolutely don't have to talk about your being force-bonded if that's too uncomfortable.  This interview is all on
They stepped into the hall.
"...well, me, I'm gonna go find the bar," muttered Tony back, scanning the crowd.  Mostly older male Alphas. No surprise there. The omegas stood out like sore thumbs; unlike the Alphas, who were all wearing suits, the omegas were in shirtsleeves and waistcoats, sundresses, casual outfits.
. If you don't know where you go from here then there's nothing wrong with that. You give yourself time to figure it out for yourself. That's something I wish I'd done when I was your age."
"It's not your fault, kid.  It's your mom's for naming you," said Tony.
unless their Alpha prompts them to. And they certainly don't ask me questions like you're all doing now. An Alpha, or any relationship, is supposed to make
"Wanda!  Here! ...open it!"
"Yes, sir.  Understood."  Clint's gaze moved over to the cube.  It was lovely, the purest blue, ever-shifting, swirling, like the reflection water makes on surfaces when it's back lit by water.  He liked to watch it from the rafters. Sometimes, when he stared too long, he felt like he was dropping into a pool; that the cube contained something bigger than itself, that there was a vastness it encompassed and that he could fall into it, that, just for a second, he wasn't looking at an object, but a doorway, something as incomprehensibly huge as space itself.  And then he would blink and that glimpse was gone. He had mentioned it to Natasha, who had advised him not to tell anyone. "They already think we're unstable and crazy," she said. "Better to lie low." Clint had to admit, it did sound crazy. So whenever he felt himself staring into an abyss, he blinked a few times and looked away, and usually, by the time he looked back, the cube was itself again, and he assumed it was nothing more than a trick of the eyes.
? Tell him to call them, if he needs soldiers," commanded Steve.
One moment Tony was gasping and clutching his left arm, and then, in an instant, Tony was simply gone. Steve was angry. He'd left him alone in this terrible place, when
"You are
"There! Look!" Aria pointed to a screen. Outside on the grass near the pool was a boy and a girl. They looked young, seemingly harmless, and nothing like HYDRA. Or at least, nothing like how Aria had imagined them to be. "Who are they? Are they SHIELD?"
"Is it funny?" asked George.
They all stood watching the grainy CCTV silently. The camera was across the street and the image was poor, but it was just across from the hotel roof, so there was a direct line of sight. Soft gasps could be heard when the dark, fuzzy image of Steve slipped and nearly fell of the roof to his death. Natasha's shoulders eased out when Steve pulled himself back up.
Karpov sighed a little.  "It's time for me to go, soldier.  I'm retiring. Better for me to disappear than to have HYDRA make me disappear.  Geniuses are rarely appreciated in their own time. The world wasn't ready for Guiding Star.  They'd rather fight their wars with muscles, not brains. There is no place for me here now. Perhaps someday HYDRA will be better equipped to make use of my research.  I still believe in its principles. But the fools running it right now... they would dispose of me like yesterday's newspaper. So, soldier, it is time for us to say good-bye and perhaps, someday, we will meet again.  It was an honor to work with you. You have been an excellent asset."
It was his gaze, more than Pepper's scolding, that made Tony go grab a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.
There was something making him shield Steve like this with his own body.
Silence fell.  It wasn't overly-cloying because of the constant trickle of the indoor waterfall.
DeSoto stared blankly but followed Tony submissively.
, there are a lot of people out there who want to assassinate you, and that it would be really easy to lure you out by making you think that your best friend and mate from the forties is somehow, against all odds, miraculously alive?"
. It was something else. Something was bothering her but she was doing her best to hide it from him. Maybe it really was none of his business.
very Monday-ish to me."
Tony had been waiting for Steve; the moment he felt Steve's body twitching under his, the moment he felt the warm semen gushing over his hand and felt Steve's body tighten around his length, he gave Steve a few quick, short, eager thrusts and then buried himself into him, his cock twitching with release, his body shuddering as he spilled himself into his omega.
And suddenly Tony getting high made sense. Steve couldn't feel his guilt, only a low buzz from the drugs. He felt bad because he probably slept through Tony feeling like shit, instead of being there for him. If he'd been awake he might have felt something and gone downstairs... but he hadn't been.  Tony's mania with the suits was fueled by guilt.  He should have known.
after promising you Italian, after all."  He smiled slightly.  It took him an enormous amount of effort to climb into the suit; he wanted to throw Steve down and take him again.  But he couldn't stay here all day.
He took his hand, threading their fingers together in hope of reassuring him. He could feel his nerves. Steve had been the same way.... SHIELD tested you in every way possible. There was nowhere to hide.  Tony was right to be jittery.
Pepper read the message, and then cut to the chase.
"This is a nice car," said Mackenzie admiringly.
"Well, so much for your precious programming, Karpov."
"Find out if she has children."
The fire in his chest didn't burn like it used to. Maybe this was the lull they had been waiting for.
.  I was born in '64 in Manitowoc.  I had an arranged bonding too and if SHIELD hadn't picked me up, I would still be in Wisconsin, barefoot and pregnant in Frank Sykes's kitchen."
"Canoodling?" repeated Tony.  "...
"Well, I still think you should take it easy," Steve sighed. He almost wished he could get drunk with him. He didn't like fooling around with Tony in bed when he was drunk, it made him almost uncomfortable...but then, drunk Tony often took it as rejection, and not Steve being considerate. It got complicated quickly. So it would be much simpler if Steve could get drunk too.
at Steve for a change.
"I'll go with Coulson.  Back-up. Just in case," said Natasha, rising.  "Sam, Clint..." She didn't say Tony's name. "...you three go through flight records and see if you can narrow the list.  We'll be back soon."
Steve remembered the story about Ty. Of all of the stories from Tony's childhood that one stuck with him, how could it not? It was a sinister thought. A camp made to change an omega into something else. Whatever did they do to him there to make him smell so strange? Steve felt an odd shiver run down his spine. He wanted to know but he also knew he had no real right to ask.
Steve looked mortified.
"...you've used twenty-first century sex toys?"
"Tony Stark," she stated.
"Bucky's."
The thought of having to protect himself against Bucky was strange. Without HYDRA in the picture Steve genuinely didn't see him as a threat. It was Bucky who needed protecting, perhaps even from himself.
He reached for his phone to text Natasha about the letter, letting her know he'd send pictures later.
"They found them in Sokovia.  I don't know anything. I only work with samples--" the man under Steve was gasping.
He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to orient himself.  He remembered the world in a series of snapshots: blood staining a tuft of dry grass, the glassy unblinking eyes of a driver, whose body lay limp in the rocky soil like a scarecrow, the shiny casings of bullets glinting in the sun.  This wasn't war as he'd imagined it, as he'd pictured it from hearing his father and Obadiah talk about it; this was the type of war photojournalists and angry protesters talked about, the kind he assumed was rare and probably over-hyped.  This was real war, gritty, loud, overwhelming, and he wanted to grasp at the things he understood, things that reminded him of his safer, luxurious reality that wasn't supposed to ever overlap with this hellscape of limp bodies and bloody sand and barking gunfire.
Tony let out a sound of protest.  Steve, a mother.  Ridiculous.  Even
, by Christina Aguilera.  It's gotta be like, you know, sort of serious but also uplifting.  That's perfect, right?"
Steve looked thoughtful as he went to grab an apple from the fruit bowl on the side. "How much does it cost to go to college these days?"
"I'm in love."
"Can we stay with him?" Steve asked.
Banksy and Donner came out from the bathroom with their arms still linked after only thirty minutes, with Gleason trailing behind.  Banksy was keeping up a steady stream of friendly chatter and Tony was inexplicably reminded of Piper and her friends. Donner was hanging on every word with fascination.
"Fire him.  Get me a new one," demanded Tony.  "Don't care if it's not politically correct.  I can't work with an omega.  I'm not my father."  His whole body was shaking.  He couldn't take this.  He was having a breakdown in front of Pepper, of all people, his best friend, the one woman in the whole world he'd give anything for... and for what?  Some blond he met ten days ago?  Just because of how he smelled?
"Right.  You and I will take the closer two. Sam and Tony can go get the further, one then come back around for the assault. We have to time this perfectly okay? You two don't strike until me and Natasha are inside that building. It's crucial."
"Dhruv, you and Rudy had a similar experience, didn't you?" asked Nadine gently.
And Steve really couldn't. He was a soldier, a fighter. His work was his body and he wasn't prepared to give up his work yet. Maybe ever. He couldn't deal with the consequences of being out of action during and after pregnancy. Steve couldn't deal with the responsibility of having to protect a baby from the world. He was having enough trouble looking after himself right now.
an Alpha.  But now he felt... secure.  Like it was obvious that Steve was his, and that he didn't have to prove it.
The soldier looked back at the girl.  She was still holding out the cup.
over and over in his head.  There was no foreplay and no preparation; Tony pushed himself into Steve's wet, inviting entrance with a groan of satisfaction, finally getting exactly what he wanted.  He settled down on top of Steve, still woozy but compelled to pump his omega full of his seed. Within only a few minutes, Steve was wet and stretched enough to take the knot.  Both of them relaxed a little with the fulfillment. Steve was only in preheat still, but in a matter of hours his heat would be full-blown and then the two of them would both be out of their minds for days.
Boswell looked exhausted.  Granted, it was the middle of the night and they had called up on rather short notice, but still.  Boswell looked
Another long pause.
"I...I don't know? I'm just gonna go up," Steve breathed and ran a hand over his face before he headed up the stairs.
Tony laughed, crossing his arms and letting Steve take his donut.  "I know, I know, I... I just... every time another Alpha looks at you, I want to tear their head off.  You're a good-looking guy, Rogers.  I like your smell.  I don't know.  I know you're rocking the whole strong, independent omega thing.  I respect that.  You just get me all hot and bothered."  He gave Steve a grin.  "Welp.  Now that you've figured out I'm dying, you can, you know, buzz off.  I probably won't need you pretty soon.  But it was good meeting you.  You're... a damned strong omega.  Power to you."
In any case it was an excellent punch and the headmaster staggered with a loud yell of indignation.
Tony eyed Steve's body warily.  Steve was lying on his stomach, pinned by one of Tony's suits, which was on standby.  Tony had tugged on a pair of sweatpants. It didn't help. He was still partially erect, his body still reacting to the smell of Steve, and Steve lying there naked was as scintillating as it was horrifying.  Steve's hand was bleeding but Tony didn't dare try to wrap it up, knowing the grip that hand had. Steve was also lying on at least one shard of pottery from the orchid Tony had smashed over his head, and he was worried about it cutting into Steve's flesh (he could smell blood), but he had no way to easily move Steve without potentially letting him loose, and that was a chance he wasn't willing to take just yet.
"I already died for this country once," Steve huffed as the door slipped shut after Fury. "What goddamn more does he want from me?" He sighed and leaned back against the counter, running a hand over his face. Tony telling Fury to get out of his apartment had been pretty hot, at least.
"I'm sorry Captain, we have to follow--"
"Yes, hi, we've met," said Tony sharply.
Steve reached out a hand to Phil. A signal. "Don't leave me with him.  I don't wanna mate."
Tony frowned, considering this.  "Y'know, you're like, the second or third meanest Russian currently in my life," he said after a moment.
Tony grinned.  "JARVIS hears everything.  Don't act like Fury doesn't know."
Tony let out a weak groan of relief.
Steve looked over at Tony and shrugged as if to say,
"Oprah?"
"Hey, man, chill, chill!" shouted one of the omegas, James, over the music, running a hand over the back of Tony's neck, trying to flatten his hair.  "...oh, are you an acer?"
Aria was already aboard the plane, waiting for them, when Steve and Tony came on, and she was grinning ear-to-ear.  Even Tony's partially clothed and disheveled state didn't make her grin waver.  "Well, look what the cat dragged in.
Tony plopped down into a seat, holding his cup of coffee tightly, wishing he hadn't been noticed.
?' That's just not right."
Tony had no intention of letting him off that easily.
Trickshot grabbed Clint's head to focus him.  "Clint! Clint, you stupid son of a bitch, you-- you grew up!"
"Does she prefer Ginny or Pepper?" Steve asked curiously.
"Home sounds nice," he whispered. "I think we both need fattening up, anyway. And I have a lot of unfinished business in the US. Running off really wasn't such a good idea." His progress with omega rights couldn't have been good; he wasn't even sure they'd want him for the ads anymore. He wasn't offended, he understood; he hadn't exactly made a good example of himself, of an omega who needed an Alpha to function, who melted down the moment he'd been rejected. After Tony's rejection he'd gone AWOL and he was sure his critics had had a lot to say about that.
"Sure," she hummed and glanced up to meet Steve's gaze. "But I think that the example you set is an important one." There was something she was holding back - probably about collars. Steve fought back a frown.
The look on Tony's face when he saw his neck certainly didn't make Steve feel any better. "Wonderful," Steve breathed and moved to sit forward properly, his hands in his lap.  "Round 2. Let's do it," Steve grunted.
"Well... what about storing your sperm in case you change your mind later?"
"Okay.  Okay Gonna run you a nice, hot bath," said Tony, patting Steve, stumbling toward the nearest bathroom.
"Right," said George, who immediately saw Banksy's angle and linked his arm through Donner's other arm.
Coulson let out a low whistle.  "What in God's green earth did you say to her, Stark?"
Tony could tell, over the next few weeks, how stressed Steve was, and he tried to be supportive.  Admittedly, though, Tony's feelings were mostly those of relief. Steve was okay, and not pregnant.  Steve was no longer leaving the house alone. Steve was safe and that was frankly all Tony cared about.  Personally, he was happy being a homebody. He spent long hours in his shop tinkering with the latest suit, which he'd gotten to come to him in modules but which had a bad habit of not hitting the right parts of his body (or hitting them too hard and leaving purple-black bruises; it was a small miracle that he didn't break anything in any of the initial test runs).
"...we could try to find James."
"Ventura's naval base, on Point Mugu, it's literally a straight shot north on the 1," said Rumlow.  "...heck, if they get Tony on the phone, he might even beat us there. And then you can go home. Okay?  We just want to make sure you're supervised until then."
"...I gotta go rub one out," said Tony, shifting his crotch.
Tony was getting that weird, faraway look Pepper knew meant he was on the cusp of a flashback.  Her expression of annoyance had turned to one of concern.
"Pepper!"
how the mind works.  That is why you can't even control him, you think you can just rewrite a person's brain like it's a storybook."
"I know, it's just... I should be here for him. I don't wanna leave him."
an alcoholic," protested Tony.  "My
"I should leave. Do you want me to leave, Steve?" Phil asked, watching Tony tentatively like a rabbit might a fox. Tony definitely wanted Steve, no doubt about it, but Phil didn't especially want to see
"Then I'll take fifty. I don't care," Steve grunted as he pushed himself off the wall and stood up. He rubbed at the back of his head as he moved to turn off the treadmill. It was sore to touch. "I do
"Jasper is the least emotionally invested... maybe he didn't want to talk to anyone with connections to Tony," said Sam.
for dessert.  That had been a weird Thanksgiving.)
Steve woke up. Sort of. He heard voices, a lot of them, and the back of his neck throbbed. Someone was wiping it with something wet. Urgh. It stung and it smelled of anti-septic. He twitched. What had happened to his neck? Why were they--
because of some
Steve cried out in relief as Tony's fingers pressed inside him, thick and warm just like he remembered them. Two almost wasn't enough but he couldn't even begin to try and articulate his need for more. He was a mess underneath Tony, his back arcing up as much as it could and his head tilted back. His blue eyes were glazed over in arousal, pupils blown wide. He'd missed this. Steve had missed being this close to Tony and he'd missed Tony making him feel this
"Didn't realize adopting a zero in need was 'stirring up trouble,'" replied Tony, glaring back, crossing his arms over his bare chest.
.  That bit went unsaid.  Did Tony always think this way, act like the whole world was against him?  He bit back another sigh and glanced down at a buzz from his tablet.  Messages from Pepper were popping up.
But outwardly, Steve smiled at the question. And he answered it honestly because that was what Steve did best. He couldn't put on a good show like Tony did; he knew it would come off as insincere. "These past seven months have been the happiest of my life."
The party-goers, who had been intent on leaving, didn't make it farther than the driveway.  Seeing Iron Man blast himself and another armored mech suit through a wall was too exciting.  They stood around sipping drinks, staring with unabashed fascination at the fight that was starting.
"Tony. I don't want you to hear it right now," Steve whispered, running his fingers through his Alpha's hair soothingly. He wasn't in the right state of mind; it would just take Tony even more upset. And he didn't want him to... to think about what had happened before. Heats were supposed to be special, intimate. But it seemed they couldn't have one without someone taking advantage of it.
"Hey, Tony..." Steve laughed quietly as Tony pushed him down and slumped on top of him. "I'm not going anywhere," he promised in a murmur and reached up to run his fingers through the other's hair. Steve looked up at the ceiling and sighed.  "SHIELD gave me a week off, actually. The doctor recommended I spend it with you and work on our bond," Steve told him. "She, at least, has faith in me. The Expo sounds good, actually. Will... you be there?  You're offering to take me, right?" he asked, sounding and feeling hopeful. Most importantly he wanted to spend the week with
He went back in to his room.  He grabbed a drink from the minibar in his room, chugging it instead of sipping.  He needed the courage.
Steve crawled into the bed and nuzzled at the side of his neck. "Tooo-nnyyyy," he murmured, drawing out his name. Then he bit down on the shell of his ear softly. "I
He had to watch the fight from the sidelines with Pepper grabbing his arm like a vice again. At least Steve had gotten the suit out there, given Tony a fighting chance. That had been worth the risk of having his cover blown and/or dying.
"Like the feeling when I complete an objective and Colonel Karpov says,
His fingers ghosted briefly, delicately over Steve's lips, but then he pulled back and returned to cupping Steve's jawline, stroking his cheek, looking into his eyes.  Steve was looking up at him coyly, shy, his eyes darting down every few moments.  Tony held his gaze steady.  This was how Alphas stared; Steve's small, downward glances were how omegas showed respect and deference.  Tony hadn't been raised with that sort of old-fashioned etiquette but it came to him naturally, instinctively.  He was barely aware how intently he was staring into Steve's eyes.
, so uncanny and ugly.
"...how did you turn me into such a sap?" he asked in amazement.
Steve nodded. "Just doing my duty, ma'am."
Of course, Steve had done this himself many times and he knew what he liked. Tony's fingers still felt different to his own however and the way he toyed with him felt
Pepper had warned Steve that Tony was weird around this time of year and could be oddly clingy, afraid of either others dying or of being separated from them.  But Steve hadn't given any thought to it since the graveyard.  He'd been too concerned about Bucky.
"You know what you should do?  You should do an interview for
"I don't love you any less," said Tony softly.  "The only reason it bothers me is because it's a reminder that I pushed you away and put you in danger.  That I was a bad Alpha and that I failed to protect you. But it's over and from here on out things are going to be good."
"No, he remarried after his first mate died.  We're monogamous.  ...would you like me to bandage that while we talk?"
"My baby," said Donner in a hushed, awed tone, clearly delighted with the tiny infant nestled in his arms.
Tony knew what Pepper meant about primary Alphaship and although he appreciated Steve's sentiments, he was inclined to disagree.  It wasn't his mark on Steve's neck anymore. Steve could call it whatever he wanted but Tony knew that's what everyone would say.  That he'd failed the test of dominance.  That Steve was no longer entirely "his."
"Steve, I... I don't fuck around with women 'cause you aren't good enough.  You're good enough, Steve. You're better than good enough. You deserve better than me.  I'm a bad Alpha. I fuck around with girls because... because it helps me not think... and to feel normal... because..."
Karpov noticed the omega reading the notebook  "Hey. That's classified."
Downstairs, Aria had opened the back windows to smoke and she was pacing in a zig-zag, stepping around the orchids and the two staff that were attempting to arrange them to clear space for the party.  "Good morning, Steve," she said with a smile. "...Mac and Sitwell just stepped out to make a report. You look great."
He didn't get to bed until one himself and he practically collapsed into it, having physically exhausted himself.  Hopefully he wouldn't dream. Steve fell asleep almost instantly, though not before murmuring a quick prayer on Donner's behalf. All he could think about was getting Donner home safe... wherever the hell home would end up being for him.
"To quote Bob Marley
Steve couldn't help but chuckle when Tony bopped him with the pillow. He caught it and gently tugged on it to tug Tony closer. He pressed a kiss to his cheek. "We have like...eight hours. I woke you up with time for waffles, and whatever else," his voice dropped a tone quieter. "But you really should shower first," he told him with a half smile.
He also took the liberty of checking on his friend in the infirmary on level A-4.  Pietro's hand had been rebandaged.
Steve ran a hand over his face. "
"I'm a vendor.  A metal-worker, to be exact.  I make collars." He gestured to his omega's neck.
"You can love someone, even if they treated you badly," Steve said softly, not entirely sure why he was saying this. "It doesn't make you any less of a person. It just makes them an idiot for not seeing it."
That was a relief. Hopefully that meant it would be the same for Steve too. Pepper grabbed a blanket off of the side of the den and a pillow from the floor before heading back into the kitchen. She dropped the blanket over both Steve and Tony and then offered the pillow now that she could look down without offending Steve's decency.
"...poker," replied Tony, feeling a bit dazed.  "What the hell are you doing here?" He shook himself out, but there was no denying he'd had way, way too many drinks.  "I, uh, I won... I won some money. And a car. And DeSoto," he said, putting a hand on Steve's arm for support. "And, um, lost some money.  And myself. To Gideon."
"Are you... okay?"
"Sure, boss."
"Well,
Instead of going to somewhere nice, they were deposited in the middle of nowhere.  It was a small tent-like city in a field off the edge of a dirt road and it looked like a refugee camp.  Tony was in a suit and felt very over-dressed.
Tiberius offered him a small smile.  "I... I want to thank you. For... letting me be here for you two.  It means a lot to me. I know that my... my pheromones are... revolting.  Having your trust and everything is... it just means a lot, that's all. I'll never experience another heat or a bond but being asked to... help you two.  Well. It's nice. It's the closest I'll probably ever come. Thank you."
Bucky shifted a little in his sleep, seeking for more contact with Steve.
"Sorry, Cap," said Maria, who didn't really sound very sorry at all.
Steve devoured about five cereal bars (courtesy of Ty) and then began prodding Tony's arm impatiently to make him wake up.
Steve didn't really know what to say to all that. Tony didn't really know him.
"Spider silk," said Tony out loud.  Ha! It was so simple. Whoever this guy was, he was someone who needed access to the protein in spider silk for his little web shooters.  He was probably a chemist or something.
"No. I mean, it was kind of important, right? Nazis had to be stopped and all that. But Germany,
"Phil Collins, right?"
Steve grunted, blinking slowly. An attack? Did Ty just say there was
"What?"
wasn't good enough.
He was watching with mild interest as a man in a t-shirt and hat washed a car for him.  He looked up and smiled when he saw Steve.
Tony sipped at his coffee, searching the faces for one that looked like Clint's, but none of the omegas really resembled him.  Tony could feel Steve's disappointment in his gut.  But on the outside, Steve was all business; he blew around collecting omegas like Pokemon, leaving Tony to scurry after him feeling increasingly useless.  Luckily, the omega staff, after being told they really had no choice but to abandon their chores and come to the lobby to talk to the police, completely defaulted to listening to Tony instead of Steve.
A moment later he'd disappeared into the fray, and Tony was pulling out his phone to give to Steve when they were approached by a tall, overbearingly dominant man.
"You saw him, too?  The Winter Soldier?"
The way he touched Steve's bond marks felt like a violation.
"Who do
"...fuck..." sighed Tony happily, glancing down.  Steve was staring up at him, frozen, his face splattered with semen.  Tony stared back.  "...shit.  Sorry.  I'll get you a towel.  My bad."  Tony rolled out of bed, stood, forgot his ankle wasn't weight-bearing, and fell with a loud curse.
"Okay. I'll come up in a bit," Steve whispered. He caught Tony's hand before he could leave though and tugged him down for a kiss. A proper one. "Night Tony," he murmured and squeezed his fingers before letting go and letting his alpha head up. He watched him leave before sinking back down into the sofa, checking his phone to find half a dozen texts from Clint.
Steve tilted his head and then shrugged. "Yeah, I mean, I'd say this was going about... exactly how I intended it to."
Steve yanked his foot as hard as he could, knocking Vanko off balance just enough to buy him some time.
"I can't," he repeated.  His sheets were red silk, cool and light and nothing like Steve's warm heavy blankets.  He stared at the ceiling, lit up with the blue glow from his chest.
"Could you tell DeSoto to come up later in gym gear and no collar?" Steve asked Hal.  "It wouldn't be safe for him to wear one."
"Okay. Good, considering," Steve replied softly and accepted the coffee mug she gave him in thanks. He pulled the fruit bowl towards him and began picking at grapes. He wasn't overly hungry but he felt like he needed something.
The minute the door was closed behind them, Steve was pulling out the keys to the collars.
...but his mission.
"Tony...Tony..." Steve sighed, blinking as reality began to settle back in. Tony was still pulsing inside of him. He hummed and shut his eyes again. "We can't stay like this." He shivered pointedly and squirmed a little beneath him. "Mph...the floor is cold."
"What will the meeting actually be like?" he asked, genuinely curious, as he finally got himself and Tony into the shower. "I just don't know what to expect."
"SHIELD is understandably a bit wary of your dealings with Alphas United," said Dr. Brazinski, a bit more seriously.  "Director Fury gave me a keycard to the house--" (Of course he did.) "--and asked me to make it clear that certain members of the WSC wanted me to keep an eye on you, to watch for any... well... any warning signs."
So while he didn't understand the accusation, he still found himself apologizing, because the thought of doing such a horrible thing to someone was devastating.
Steve and Tony were quiet as they sat curled in bed, Tony's arms around Steve's waist and Steve' bond-mark, still healing, between them.
Tony didn't believe in any proper afterlife so he didn't waste words talking to his parents, who were in the ground.  He just stood there, staring, contemplating mortality and wondering how the fuck this had happened.
Tony woke with a start and sat bolt upright.  His bedroom was chilly.  He checked his wristwatch; it was past eight already.  March 15th, 1986.  A Saturday.  He climbed out of bed and went to look out the window.  Sure enough, a thin blanket of snow was lying over the backyard.  It must have snowed overnight.
In the forties, a trio meant an Alpha who either had two omegas, or a beta and an omega.  And the omegas were always mothers. Never fathers.
Tony was talking too fast, unable to keep the desperation from his voice; it was torture to wait, to hold still, while the suit assembled around him; he was trying not to think of Steve or Pepper, oh God, Happy was there, too, literally everyone in the world he cared about was in one place, the worse possible place--
"You guys look like twins."
"A tie is like a collar," said Tony.  "...tie this?  Full Windsor or nothing.  Steve, can you tie a full Windsor? I only know a half."
"Tsssshhh... bad connection... tsssshhh..." said Tony.  He hung up, heart hammering.  He definitely wasn't pair-bonding.  Definitely not.  Wasn't courting.  No.  He wasn't sure where all these feelings about Steve were coming from, but ever since his heat, Tony had felt obsessed.  Pepper hadn't been any help.  She'd only made him worried.  She was right, too, about what a PR nightmare it would be if anyone happened to notice that Tony's omega PA had been fired.  Not that it was his problem.  It was hers- she the was CEO of Stark Industries- Tony was no longer in any real authoritative position.  He was equal parts consultant and mascot.  Nothing managerial.  Thank Tesla.
"Flight logs and baggage inventories?  Done," said Tony. "JARVIS already pulled it for me."
"Damn, Steve, you better watch out.  She's dynamite," whispered Tony into Steve's ear.
Steve hooked his foot around his ankle and twisted it around to just the point of breaking it, but not quite. "
"Well, obviously, it's not for her," said Eric.
It was unfair of the Angel of Death to expect to solve this riddle.  Yeah, sure, he was a genius.  But that didn't extend to spiritual drug trips.  Tony believed in math, not in higher powers.
DeSoto's partner gave him a jab.  "Go heel him."
"Tony's going to put on one of his suits," Steve said as he finally stopped before the man. "But he's drunk out of his mind. Please. You have to stop him before he hurts himself." Or someone else, but that was left unsaid.
. Then the cars whizzed past their place among the crowd and they were drawn back into the race, Steve frantically searching the cars for Tony, the Stark Industries car emblazoned in a blue-and-white color scheme.
Steve practically preened at the praise, his back arcing prettily in a feline manner as he nuzzled against Tony's jaw and the dip of his neck. Something about Tony calling him a
Steve stopped as they reached the garage and sighed in realisation.
Tony dove for it, silently thanking whatever gods there might be.  One moment he was a mere mortal, lunging for the suit and suddenly he was being enveloped in it.  Suddenly the world made sense again.  He could hear again, whirring gears, the click on perfectly interlocking plates, and just like that, Tony was no longer helpless; he was wrapped in a two-hundred pound suit of armor capable of flinging a Jeep across a football field.  He stared at the man, and the man stared at him; for a split second there faced off, eye to eye.
He paused in the peaceful quiet of their bedroom, lying on top of Steve.  He looked down at him and very, very gently reached out to touch his neck, to examine it.  There was a bruise behind Steve's ear.
protect me. You literally beat Vanko down and then saved me from an explosion and then flew me to goddamn hospital, Tony," Steve protested with a soft sigh. "You didn't do
With that, he passed out again.  It probably had as much to do with the simulation as it did with the drink.  Despite the trauma of it, though, Tony seemed to be bouncing back quickly.  And why not?  His greatest fears had already been assuaged.  Steve was still here and still loved him.  It was ironic that Tony's psych test had been more traumatic for Steve than Tony; while Tony could reassure himself that it wasn't real and that he and Steve's bond was secure, there was no closure for Steve, and no reassurance.  Steve had thought he was the only one left alive to remember that field of tulips in France in the 1940s, the bright colors and the spring wind and the strange respite from fighting, at least for an afternoon.  But it was clear he wasn't the sole keeper of that memory.  Bucky was alive and now SHIELD was searching for him.  Something that Tony was, at least for now, blissfully unaware of.
"солдат.  взять его."
His voice trailed off as he dragged Sam toward the bar.  In the presence of two other Alphas, Tony's usual obnoxiousness was back.
The door slammed open; Dr. Brennan looked up sharply.  "Excuse me!" she snapped.
-- and-- and that there's nice stuff in it.  He doesn't need to know about-- about people like Gideon, yet."
Their hands were touching, the microphone grasped between them, forgotten.  Tony's excitement was palpable.  Any misgivings he'd had the previous day about other Alphas had evaporated with their announcement. Steve was irrefutably his; it was official. They were definitely going to be splattered all over the headlines tomorrow, onstage, hands entwined, maybe with one or two furtive shots of the mark on Steve's neck.
"I like him too," Steve sighed and Cupid giggled beside him.
shoot me!"
"I think you could do better, that's all."
Tony looked instead at the flowers.  Red roses. Ugh. Tony had had plenty of admirers (and gold diggers) in the past, but he still thought it was creepy and weird when total strangers began sending tokens like this.
Tony frowned a little at the mention of Natasha.  If he had been asked to describe the person he would least like to witness his innermost fears, he would probably say a powerful female redhead.  It wasn't that he was insecure... exactly... but still, he didn't know Natasha well and she was a strong Alpha and Tony didn't want her to see him vulnerable.
There were no words that could express Tony's emotion.  He didn't think a word existed for it.  He took a step toward Steve, reached out, and put his hand on Steve's head, feeling the softness of his head.  He gave Steve a gentle pull forward, pressing Steve's head against his thigh.  For a moment neither moved; Tony stood there over Steve's kneeling body, hand on Steve's head, the heavy warmth of Steve's head resting against his leg.
He hesitated when Tony knocked on the door.
is just what we call it-- the thing about synthesizing transuranic elements with particle accelerators is that a lot of the atoms are unstable-- hopefully the ring will stabilize them, or else I'll die, which really makes you wonder... where the fuck ass hell is my espresso, it's my last wish, you clowns, go get me some java!"
Alcohol, his one true love, drug-wise, may not have made him more productive, but it had another benefit.  It helped numb him, which he needed, desperately, because you could only have pieces of heavy armor slam into your body so many times before he became unbearable.  Or at least, that's what Tony told himself as he did Test 14, and the armor locked itself together before even getting to him, and then slamming him into the concrete wall.  His head bounced against the stone and he felt momentarily dizzy, like he might pass out. But he didn't. He swayed, then leaned down to pick up Iron Man (the shell of Iron Man) up from under his arms, like he was a passed-out lush and Tony was trying to drag him home.
"Are you okay?" Steve asked softly. "Anything I can do?"
Tony had taken the liberty of dragging up everyone's old psych evals.  The subconscious was a weird, weird thing and reading their reports was like reading a person's fever dream.  Clint, Tony learned, was unsettled by mice and rats;  Natasha had negative associations with ballet and surgical suites.  Tony could absolutely understand having a fear of hospitals-- he hated them, too-- but was at a loss to explain why Natasha would find dancing upsetting.  He tried to figure out what that meant, even going so far as to look up a dream interpretation manual, but eventually gave up.  Perhaps there were other files, buried somewhere even deeper, explaining it, but Tony didn't have access to those yet.  And if the notes were written instead of entered into a database, he'd likely never see them.
He backed straight out and then sprinted down the corridor, heading to the second stairwell. Steve
BARNES JAMES B
Pepper was getting up and grabbing Steve's arm.  "We have to stop him, he can't-- oh my God, what the hell is he doing, Stan, come on--"
Steve's eyes were watering. He shuddered.
Malick had severed the bond.
Phil frowned.  Cryo Tank 5 was...
"But I don't know what... what I'll do." Donner said, looking miserable as he stared at the floor. "What do I without him?"
A patter of fireworks flickered in the sky off to their left. Steve didn't look. His gaze fixed on the sea. Then he rolled his eyes fondly at Tony.
Steve broke into a run. He didn't need to understand Russian to know what the HYDRA symbols on their shoulders meant.
It made Tony almost... hungry.
Polite, awkward laughter broke out.
When the plane finally landed Trickshot looked white as a sheet.
"Yes, yes. That's fine," Louis nodded and shook her hand. He turned to Steve. "It's good to finally meet you, Captain. Thank you for letting us into your home, both of you." He said, turning to face Tony. "Pleasure to meet you too, Mr. Stark."
Tony felt a low growl rising in his throat at the idea of anyone
Even though the omega looked and sounded and
"I dunno what to tell you," Steve said an hour later, as he made his goodbyes with the team. "The convulsions look dangerous to me.  I don't think you oughta be messing with it."
It was gorgeous and Tony liked it; liked it a lot.  But it meant more coming from Steve.  Steve had actual talent.  Steve was an artist as much as he was a soldier and Tony felt like he had exclusive access to this innermost part of Steve's life, something most people probably had no idea even existed.  It made him feel warm... honored.
Tony frowned.  He hoped Clint had the decency not to say anything to anyone.  Or that he'd been too drunk to remember.  Tony didn't want to have to answer any of SHIELD's questions about it.  An omega with a mark was like a woman with a big diamond engagement ring; everyone reacted with enthusiasm.  But an Alpha with a mark... well.  That was just wrong.
"Can we just... not do this now?" He pried his arms gently from her grasp to squeeze her hands instead. "Tony's had a terrible afternoon and he needs me." He sighed when he saw all the glasses lining the bar already and felt that tug of guilt in his gut. Like Steve should be stopping him. He reminded himself that Tony was his own person, that Steve didn't get to make those sorts of decision for him.  "Let's just go save Sam. He looks as uncomfortable as hell," Steve said and with that he peeled away.
"Steve!" He turned around to see Pepper. There were tears in his eyes. When Steve looked back the silhouette was gone. He was fucking losing it. He was shaking. He looked like he'd seen a ghost.
Tony stripped off his gloves, set them aside, and took Steve's hands in his.  "You're right.  Clint's a soppy bastard," he agreed quietly.  He looked down at Steve's hands.  Surprisingly, they were softer than his.  Or maybe not surprisingly at all.  Tony's hands were rough and always had been; he worked them hard.  He found himself stroking Steve's skin gently, tenderly.  "I don't think they're too big.  Maybe you just need a bigger pad.  Bigger canvas," said Tony, still staring.  Steve's hands were larger than his, yes.  But all of Steve was bigger than Tony.  "...maybe you're just out of practice.  Drawing less now, because you're a soldier.  We could turn one of the bedrooms into a studio for you, if you wanted.  If you're into that.  ...did you know that I once owned the largest private collection of modern, abstract art?"  He looked up at Steve, smiling proudly.  Another pause.  "...I gave it away to the Boy Scouts," he admitted.  He was pretty sure there'd been some sort of drunken logic there but he couldn't for the life of him remember what it was.  He ducked his head, feeling stupid.  Tony wasn't into art the way Steve was, didn't really get it.  His shop's art included a poster of a cat "hanging in there" (and he'd drawn an Iron Man helmet on it at some point), a few pop pieces (a Warhol and an Iron Man portrait), a neon sign, and a nearly-naked woman hanging over the roof of a car, looking sultry.  None of it was exactly museum-quality, except maybe the Warhol, which was an original but was by no means one of his better ones.  Tony just liked it.  It was a scribble of a heart, anatomically correct but also a bit warped, the lines not properly colored in.  It made sense to Tony.
"Project it!  I need to manipulate... I need to see..."  Tony's voice was growing louder, more excited.  "Lose the concession stands, lose the landscaping... the pavilions... oh my God... they're all radiating out... he drew the..."  Tony was talking to himself now.  "...he structured the protons and the neutrons using the pavilions as a framework... the... and that's the nucleus... this is...!"  Tony stepped back and pointed.
"Uh-huh, uh-huh," said Tony, rising and dusting his fingers off on his suit jacket.  "...but you rescheduled with those other guys, about the collars?"
-- what would you call it, a foursome, then?  You
Tony look over at Steve, still holding his hand.  "I know they're having a big brouhaha after the show but I'd rather... spend some private time," he said quietly.  He gave Steve a tight smile. "Bet you that shield would work just as good as a trash can lid for sledding," he added.
Tony smiled when Steve called him old.  Steve may have born in 1918, but he was physiologically half Tony's age, and he looked it.  Tony didn't mind.  He generally dated people much younger than him anyway.  He had a rule against dating anyone older than him ever since he'd been with an incredibly hot MILF who had called out Howard's name.
"Banksy is coming in half an hour; he wants to chat with you, Steve," Aria announced.
"Excuse me, thanks, coming through," said Tony, ignoring their questions with obvious delight at getting them riled up.
"Steve, here..."  Tony reached over to pour some syrup on Steve's waffles.  (Steve wandered back to the table and seemed excited to discover a few uneaten ones.)  Tony leaned in too close; his mouth began watering and it had nothing to do with the food.  He felt his cock twitch.
Confusion was settling even harder into Tony's gut.  "Well, we came here together, remember?  How are you going to get home if I leave now?"
"Yeah, so, where's the one from you and Clint?"
"Hear that, Steve?  You're gonna get a probation officer," said Tony, throwing back the carton.
"I want a two-person team watching them at all times.  At least one beta on the team. Stark, I highly recommend you don't work on any of your toys for now... if HYDRA can hijack yours or Steve's brain, and see through your eyes, there's a hell of a lot of intel they could get their hands on that we'd rather they not have."
"A vixen is a female fox," said the man.  "And Vixen is my foxy female. Get it?" He smiled.  Vixen smiled, too.
"Oh ye of little faith," said Tony with fake hurt.  The truth was, he had absolutely been planning to drink himself into a coma and take a nap.  He didn't want to dig through his father's things.  Not now.  Not ever.  But clearly, he wasn't being given a choice.  "Fine.  Give Steve the boxes.  Christ, he's strong, he's like a packmule.
Mike laughed.  "Are you kidding me?  Every omega here has, like, a dozen collars.  They like to mix and match. ...don't tell me Steve only has one?"
"Karpovs?  Your name is Karpovs?  What is that, Greek?  What happened to you?"
Steve smiled faintly as Tony's fingers curled over his own. "It'll get better," he whispered. "I promise next time I'll be in amour...not in jeans. I'm usually better than that." Steve nuzzled against Tony's neck with a hum. "And I don't just mean you were
Once they were in the air Steve managed to nibble down on a couple of ham sandwiches, knowing he'd feel worse later if he didn't. He flicked through some important files George had sent him and checked out the SNL responses that Aria had forwarded to him. Steve could feel Tony's own excitement in his gut, bubbling away. He looked up and smiled.
The asset's head swam.  This was a lot more independent thinking than he was accustomed to and it was confusing the hell out of him.
again.  He's a real sap for stories like that."  Tony sighed and rose, dusting sandwich crumbs from his hands.  "He told me not to worry.  He's got some big meeting today and it's probably running late and they're all yelling at each other.  You're right, let's go.  I have a second jet.  I'm sure Steve'll meet me.  It's
People often spoke about Captain America like he was simply hero. It was easy to forget he was a soldier. A soldier who'd hurt people, who'd
As a congratulations a few days later Aria brought in a framed picture of Steve sitting in a pretend Oval Office in a fancy suit. She stuck it up on one of the walls without asking. Steve remembered spotting it for the first time when he was eating his breakfast and tried to imagine Donner's face if he saw it himself.
Dr. Gleason departed.  Sam sat for a few seconds by Steve's bed, then rose.  "Well... I gotta go give some more statements. Don't worry about the shit storm, Steve.  We look out for each other; we got each other's backs. That's what it means when we put on the uniform, right?"  He put a hand on Steve's shoulder.
"You really should eat something Tony," Steve pointed out gently. But he full well knew that until he went to fetch his shield that Tony wouldn't eat, or stop tinkering. If there was one thing he loved more than building his suit, Steve found, it was showing it off. "But okay..."
Happy was waiting for them out in the car. Before, they'd considered having Steve waiting with him, but that was evidently a bad idea if they wanted Donner to actually come with them.  Steve had desperately wanted to be on the "front lines" of this operation but had recognized he'd be better off waiting at home, with Tony.
just vanilla and mint," said Happy, looking down at the shake in his hand.
Tony lapsed into silence suddenly.  He was thinking of another pair, his father and Jarvis.  Jarvis had been an immortal fixture in the Stark household.  He'd been around long, long before Tony; old pictures of his father often had Jarvis hovering in the background.  They'd known each other since what; the forties?  Tony wondered when they had bonded.  He wondered if Howard had met and married his mother before or after that; if Jarvis had met and married Ana before or after that.  Back in those days, it was rare for an omega to have normal relationships.  If they married, it would be with their Alpha or with another omega.  Jarvis and Ana had had a childless marriage, and now Tony knew why.
Backstage, Tony took a few unsteady steps.  The ankle he had clipped was throbbing, but he ignored it.  He let the suit do the work, forcing his body to walk even though, without the suit, he doubted his ability to stand.
They went out for coffee after yoga. Steve had to admit, he
Pepper walked over and pushed a coffee into Tony's hand wordlessly.
They were at Baby's, a dance club, and it was packed with soldiers on leave and women clamoring to dance with them.  There was a live jazz band that was playing over the din of people talking and laughing; everyone seemed to have had a little too much champagne.  Round tables were set up around a dance floor and booths on the wall were upholstered in red vinyl.  They were packed in like sardines, him and his omega and three other men and four women, all squeezed into one booth, and he wanted to pull his omega onto his lap but it felt wrong for some reason, because his omega was inexplicably bigger than him and everyone was paying attention to him and one of the other Alphas there seemed to be acting like the omega was his, and, perhaps worst of all, he knew that, for some reason, his omega didn't
