Sam speaks up first. “
hope we can, too.”
The idea was to help
we don’t simply cease to exist.”
They know them. They know the them they’ll become—or one version of who they became, anyway—and from the way they’re talking about them they’re not at odds. They’re all part of something.
A strange feeling of deja vu washes over him, and Dean thinks maybe he’s just being reminded of the call, and Castiel’s voice shouting for him, but there’s something more.
Dean snorts, not sure whether he should be offended. That’s starting to be a theme with this guy. “Like you look much older.”
Nothing happens.
“You’re here to run the site, Ms. Bevell,” Singer sighs. “Anything temporal is mine.”
Dean knows why he’s doing this. If it will keep her safe, and his brother safe...he’ll do anything.
Dean follows him up a flight of stairs and out onto a balcony in what he’s guessing is the equipment bay they were looking for. Below them spread broken machines and spare parts and rubble. Here they’re close enough to the second detonation site they can see cracks in the walls and floor. But that isn’t the bad part.
“Did they manage a file transfer?”
“Yesterday at the center. This guy and some woman were leaving about when Charlie and I got to the center.”
The offices are dark, but there are still people here—most of them on their way out. Maybe they have a rendezvous point in case something like this happens, or they’re trying to find better light or find out what happened. No one pays them much attention. They push through the chaos and manage to find the back exit from the office suite they used before, out into a service corridor. They’re alone here.
“Don’t we?” Dean asks. “If we don’t want to change
“We need a back story first. We don’t want to end up in the same trouble there we’d be in back where we were.”
” she asks hopefully over their comms.
“No,” Cas says quickly, shaking his head. “The fewer people in imminent danger the better.”
“I uh…” How is he supposed to answer that?
“Hands in the air!”
Cas was right beside him, just a little ahead. Now Dean can’t even see his shape moving in the darkness. He can’t hear him, either. He can’t hear anything. Well...crickets. He can hear crickets. How can he hear the crickets? They’re still too deep in the building for that.
They listen to the slight breeze and the silence that isn’t so empty. It sounds like a fall night. Just the bugs, and the even fainter sound of leaves rustling. It all sounds distant, but not as distant as it would if the building were still intact.
“Tomorrow it won’t matter.”
“What?”
“No no no…!”
A shadow darts across the corner of his vision, startling him into looking up again. He thinks maybe he catches a figure darting across the corridor, but he isn’t sure.
Dean swallows. “Did uh...did you notice anything else? Sounds changing? Or...air? Crickets? Or—”
A hazy memory.
“Sounds like
“GO!” Singer shouts.
Cas looks at Dean, his eyebrows going up and a corner of his mouth quirking, and for some reason Dean wants to laugh again. Which is crazy. But Cas seems to have a penchant for making him laugh at the worst times, and he doesn't seem to mind.
“B-but that’s impossible,” Dean stammers. “That’s...that’s what the Anomaly looks like, isn’t it? I mean it’s bigger, but…”
“Like what?”
“Makes my day.” Singer almost smiles, and somehow that’s what makes Dean remember that his name sounds familiar.
“Good point…”
“Stop. Don’t move,” Cas says. “The flux points seem to vary in size, and I don’t know if they’re moving. We should stay put if we want to be sure we stay here.”
Dean blinks. “You—what? You didn’t tell me I was impersonating a real person; I thought you made these people up!”
“What?” Cas asks sharply.
“There are men named Jody,” Cas says defensively. “Granted, this particular agent isn’t one, but in any case, I had to pull from existing records.”
is what you were talking about? When you said you thought Temporal Communications has been biting off more than they could chew?”
“What?” Dean asks.
His eyes start to adjust, and the end of the corridor begins to seem lighter, tinted blue...almost like moonlight, except that makes no sense. It’s only early afternoon outside.
Castiel nods, maybe a little absent. “As ready as it’s going to be, probably.” He leads them all back to the computer room, explaining as he goes. “There’s likely to still be some choppiness; they’ve changed their technique a bit.”
“It doesn’t matter; it won’t do any good now. The place is crawling with emergency workers, police, and probably people from TempCo’s headquarters. And if something strange or wrong is in there, you can be sure the company will want to keep it under wraps. We need a different plan.”
“Good movies,” Cas comments, perking up again. “Have you seen the originals?”
Cas raises an eyebrow. “That’s always been the prevailing theory, yes, but if you and your friends believe it, why did Charlie rig her implant to record like that? Why did you come to me?”
“What do you think is in there?” he asks. “What could they possibly need that much manpower to protect? Well…” He backpedals. “Besides the equipment. I don’t guess any of that needs to end up in the wrong hands.”
The outer wall is open, just the way he was sure it must be, not far from where they were. The fall breeze they’d felt hints of whips its way into the corridor from a gaping hole, and people start to disappear over the edge. They’re on the second floor and Dean nearly cries out in warning until he realizes they’re climbing down. Rubble makes an uneven path down to the ground from the opening.
The program Cas set in the car’s navigation panel takes them through more backroads, and then off onto a gravel road that takes them closer to where Dean is pretty sure the call center is. The gravel dead-ends in the woods.
“Then let’s go!”
Cas’s eyebrows are up, he’s staring at Dean now, and Dean doesn’t think he knows the answer. His mouth opens, but Charlie cuts him off.
Of all the things Charlie has done in the entire time Dean has known her, finding out she can make them invisible to anyone wearing implants once Cas had her into that network has got to be the craziest.
“Got ahead of schedule,” Cas answers easily. He turns back to his car, thuds lightly on the hood and waves in the general direction of the driver's seat. “We’ll call when we need out of here! Go find yourself something to eat or something,” he calls inside.
“Put a sock in it, Bevell!” Singer answers sharply. She’s here, too? “This is different. They may not be
There’s not that much more to be heard as it plays, and there are still parts that fade into static or cut off, but there are key pieces restored that they didn’t have before.
?” Dean questions.
“Cas…”
cold. “Do you have time to explain where
“The SI people?” Cas asks.
But the men in front of them are already pulling out contacts, blinking. One by one they’re training their sights on them, and it’s too late.
He holds a hand out to Dean. “We need to hold onto each other, because of what happened to you earlier. We don’t want to be separated.”
It seems far, but it doesn’t matter. They don’t have a choice. The commotion behind them spurs them on, and they break into the grass and across the property.
There he goes with the eye contact again. “Just...we should stay together for now, just in case. We don’t know if the effect might have spread elsewhere.”
Dean hears himself shout, hears Mills cry out. He doesn't think it really hurts her, but she dives away from the shower of sparks and the flames that flare briefly.
they’re all looking at them. Dean exchanges a glance with Cas and quirks an eyebrow, questioning. Cas just shrugs a little; it’s all right to go on. “We got a call from
But there’s really no time to go into that. The worried voices are nearly on them and with a glance, they seem to decide to wait to be found.
” Charlie shouts. “
Cas lets out a pent-up breath and seems to come to a decision.
“Maybe it’s not that bad. We should at least find out before we just dismiss it. If…if we
“Who are you?” she demands in a heavily British-accented voice.
“You’re not ours,” he says.
Cas just pulls him along, avoiding debris, which is more plentiful now than before. At least, Dean doesn’t
This is their chance, but how do they use it?
He doesn't know why he’s still asking questions. Maybe because he’s just anxious, and maybe because he realizes he might be about to put himself in danger with this guy,
“You’ve got that ID,” Dean whispers after a few minutes. “Use it.”
“Should we really just wait here?” He doesn’t like standing still, doing nothing. He never has. “Maybe we should look for another way out—one that leads somewhere else. Some
"You shouldn't lie to someone while you're inside of them, Dean."
"Charlie?" She murmured, her voice soft and low.
He could understand how this, this sole undivided focus, could become addictive. Or maybe it was having Dean’s undivided focus. The way he smiled softly when Castiel explained his work at the gallery, or laughed boisterously when he confirmed that he maintained a healthy fear of Hester, or teased gently when he confided that he, like most of his family, had been named for an angel.
Finally Raphael, Charles’s advisor, stepped forward. “Of course! Inaias here will show you to your suite.”
I smiled at the simplicity of his statement, at the way he made it about
Atop the pile of food, though, was what really arrested his attention. There lay a single stalk of Castilleja, the flower from which Cas’s mother had stolen his name, and around its stem was tied a bright green ribbon.
“So when do I get to meet Dean?” Charlie teased as they strolled out of class.
"Oh."
The reply came immediately.
Castiel flushed, glancing away. No one had ever contradicted him when he said that before. He brought his eyes back up to Dean's.
“I’ll be ready,” Castiel breathed, stealing one more quick kiss before he slid out of the car.
He arched a brow, and I dropped onto the couch next to him. “I actually
"I see," Crowley said.
He had to know that he could trust the person, had to believe that they were as invested as he was. He had to want them, beyond the passing fancy. And yes, one could argue that he’d well surpassed that point with Dean already. Yet, ever hesitant, he hadn’t moved beyond increasingly familiar touches and hungry kisses.
Cas always threatened to track down the owner, but the cat never seemed to believe him. Maybe because it knew that Cas would never dare such a thing. Not only would Cas be shunned, but the owner would make sure to keep their cat far, far away. And, sad and pathetic as this was for Cas to admit...he couldn’t bear to lose his only friend.
"Sammy?" Castiel questioned.
They both turned to find a short, grinning man standing at the other end of the VIP area. Dean glanced around to find that most of the girls had fled back to their dates and groups, while Meg and Anna had taken a pair of seats along the wall. They both smirked at the flustered men who were still wrapped around each other.
"Trust me, sweetheart. I'm more than capable of turning it back on," he promised.
… and now Castiel.
“How can I help you?”
With a laugh, Cas had shoved Dean out into the open, pants undone, semi clearly visible…and with a soft giggle, he’d pulled him right back in.
“God, I love you in these.”
“Now hold up a secon’, Sugah,” Benny called in his over-the-top twang. “Why don’t ya’ come an’ keep us some company here?”
“You ready?” I whispered.
It wasn’t what most people dreamed of, as so many had become obsessed with that pipe dream of “True Mates,” but for Castiel, it was enough. Or, as he repeatedly reminded himself, it would have to be.
Raphael, who never missed even the most minute detail, paused in his conversation with Charles to call out for Naomi. The older woman bustled in, and Raphael pointed at Ana. “Let’s see if we can’t get a little more color there. She’s supposed to be porcelain, not ghostly.”
I could hear his shaky breath as he whispered: “She said ‘You’re fine here, right?’”
.” And then he walked back into the house, leaving the door wide open for the very confused cat.
"Can I go now?" He asked, trying to keep his voice controlled. Naomi sighed and nodded.
Dean sighed heavily as he brought a nearly empty beer bottle up to his perfectly shaped lips. “There’s so much that makes sense now.”
Dean broke in. “Wonderful! And might I call you Castiel?”
Castiel offered his own timid smile then returned to his usual table to eat with the children.
He smiled. “That’s awesome, man! I’ve only talked to Cas a couple times, but he seems really great.”
Cas climbed from the car, fidgeting with his silver cuff link as he straightened up. A tall man in a dark suit and fedora stepped forward.
“What the hell, man?” Sam asked.
He would have taken his hand back, but Dean didn’t seem keen to let it go. In fact, he held on even tighter as he took another step closer, right in front of Cas as he asked, “Can I drive you home, Cas?”
“A chute?” Dean asked, his voice wary.
Dean pulled back from the hickey he’d been working on and rolled his eyes. “Shut up and let me kiss you.”
"Do you not want to?" He asked weakly. Maybe the whole 'fuck you in a proper bed' was really just a way to get out of fucking Castiel altogether.
"How many times have you come already?" Dean asked.
“Yeah, that whole group,” she explained. She glanced back at Sam. “Right, he dated Crowley last year?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Don’t worry. Ketch sent over a car yesterday for me to try, so I’m going to drive it to Ellen’s place; she can put me up somewhere safe for the next few days.”
whole.
"I like that." Leaning down, Sam stole a soft kiss from his angel before smirking at him. "You really should put a ring on it, though," He teased him, holding up his left hand. Sam couldn't deny that he really liked the idea of walking down the aisle with his mate.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and looked the angel over "look Cas" he said lighting the bong and taking a hit "It's not that I don't love sex. It's not that I don't want Sammy to get laid. I just don't really wanna watch, and listening to Casanova over there go on about how he's going to ravish my brother isn't really my idea of a great Saturday night"
"I don't love you Dean"
Castiel's thrusts became harder and more erratic. "Dean... yes! My love, my mate!" He used his wings to sit them up so that Dean was riding him, He nipped at Dean's throat, trying to find the right spot. He was his, and he was never going to give him up.
"Which is why it's so important that everyone..."
"I believe it would be best if we avoided coitus in common areas of the bunker as well," Castiel added, handing Dean back his coffee. He had a feeling that Gabriel had been plotting places already.
Dean couldn’t keep his hands off Cas as they walked up to the front door of the club—only to be ushered right in past the waiting line. He glared at the few guys and girls who spent a couple seconds too long admiring Cas, tightening his hold on Cas’s hand as he followed the others inside. He didn’t let himself wonder too long about when he’d become so possessive over a mark.
"But I'm trying, Castiel. I'm trying to change. Baby steps, that's what I keep telling myself. That's why I let you bring Dean over so much, even though I knew that he was..." she hesitated for a moment before blurting out, "your boyfriend."
make a stop on a little side street that was practically abandoned, where we ended up in my backseat again. This time we took it just a little further as he helped me get his shirt off him. He ended up with bruises all across his chest, down his torso to those sharp hip bones, clear across to the dark trail of hair that had me aching to get his pants open. But he had that line, just like before, and I was somehow
Castiel rolled his eyes. Who else would it be?
"I've never been here with anyone else before," Castiel admitted almost absently as he studied Dean studying the menu.
“Tell me everything!”
“I’ll go talk to him,” Meg offered, then took off after Cas.
When his suspicious expression remained firmly in place, she sighed and slid into the booth across from him. “Trust me: I’m merely the messenger here, just like you’ll be.”
And even if they didn't make it,
But then someone was there, kneeling down next to him to help gather up his books and supplies. Castiel shot a quick glance at his unexpected helper, and drew up short. Dean carefully stacked his papers as he picked them up, shuffling to keep them in a neat pile.
Brady rolled his eyes, trying to come up with some witty comeback, but the man kept talking.
“Really?” Uriel seemed surprised. “That’s quite a prestigious company.” His eyes narrowed. “How fortunate for you that they are so free in their employment preferences.”
The next two weeks found Cas back to his usual routine, with his days spent wandering the forest trails and his evenings feeding the cat. Well, at first it was just in the evenings that the cat would return for dinner and stories, but then it began to join him on his daily walks.
“Tried and failed,” Castiel confirmed.
Dean's frown turned to an outright glare. "Because you deserve better. No one should think that lowly about themselves."
It was well known around the compound that Dean’s omega had the alpha wrapped around his pinky finger, and soon their young tot mastered the same trick.
Castiel took the lady’s outstretched hand in a firm shake, “It’s such a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Worthington!”
“And what about Naomi?”
Dean shook his head. “No, Lucifer isn’t--”
Cas studied him for a moment, frowning. “You know, I’m actually concerned about that. I mean, is Dean Winchester, the
As he spun to leave, Brady heard a quiet giggle from whatever girl waited for Winchester in the shadows. That sound alone seemed to wrap around the man and tug him back into the darkness.
Crowley shrugged nonchalantly. “No reason.”
Castiel shrugged. "Believe what you will. It got us both laid."
But as he neared his exit, he closed the sunroof, rolled up the windows. The volume went back down, the station changed. By the time he pulled into the parking garage for Sandover Investments, he was mild-mannered Dean Smith once again.
“I’ll take care of this,” Winchester said. “You get the hell out of here before anyone else sees us.” But then he pointed at Brady. “And stay the fuck away from Sammy.”
“And who’s your handsome friend?” another girl asked, stepping up to Dean’s other side. Like none of them could see the way he and Cas were holding hands?
knew. Just then, the tall man stood up and looked straight at Castiel.
The pictures that Balth had tossed down onto his desk just that morning, the pictures burning a hole in his laptop case, proved it.
Cas chuckled and batted the tail away. “All right! I’ll come up with a happier one.”
. It made him hungrier than he could ever remember being...
“One more! The sun was making a weird glare on that last one.”
"You take care of Castiel," He said, his tone flat, eyes blazing. "I'll handle Gordon."
I still almost missed him. I glanced over to the door just in time to see Cas walking away...away from
Dean nodded. “Sooner the better. She’s waiting for me.” He pointed to a woman standing inside the ballroom.
“I thought we agreed, Cas, that you’d call me by my given name.”
“You have a cabin?”
“Why do I get the feeling that all of your interns fall madly in love with you?” Dean asked, but his eyes gave away his teasing.
“Witches, we internalize,” she said. Dean frowned at the abrupt change of subject, but Ana continued. “We develop our mind, our soul, our very core, until it is just as vibrant and real to us as this forest is to you.”
"Stay," he instructed. Dean nodded and Castiel grinned before he started kissing down Dean's neck. He carefully undid the buttons of his shirt and pushed them aside. He moved his lips down Dean's chest, delighting in the little shivers he felt rocking through his body.
Cas groaned in complaint and turned his head away. Dean, although tempted to touch that dark hair, reached down to shake his shoulder.
“You happy now?” Bobby grunted. Dean glanced up at him.
Castiel smirked at his discomfort, but shook his head. "Nah. Gordon was going to try something, but I made 'im go away."
“You really don’t recognize me?” The clone pouted. “I’m you.”
“I’m guessing he’s not?” Cas muttered, and Dean shook his head.
He glanced over at the clock on the mantle, and sighed.
Castiel remained at the window, staring. Dean looked out to see what held his attention, but Castiel’s gaze seemed locked on the black of the night sky above the city.
There was only one figure that Dean recognized, all too well. Crowley’s beefy hand rose high, mid-strike. “You thought I wouldn’t see how you looked at him, whore?”
“Your mind is a thing of beauty,” Castiel interrupted. Dean glanced away, obviously uncomfortable with the compliment, but Castiel brought a hand up to cup his cheek and guided the omega’s gaze back to his. “The other night, when I got to watch the way your mind works...I’ve never seen anything like it.” Cas’s next kiss was gentle. “You and your mind are brilliant, my love, not
“What was meant to be and what has actually been,” he murmured. “Especially you.” He nodded toward the phone, toward Dean’s single picture of Lisa. “We weren’t meant to meet each other, because you weren’t meant to be brought back to this life, at all.”
Castiel leaned into his side. “Trust me, there’s absolutely no competition,” he assured him.
Dean didn’t look at anybody, couldn’t look. If he looked up, the tears would spill. But then he heard his mother’s soft voice, “Oh, Dean…”
That little wink had stayed with Castiel all afternoon, until long after both school and chess club had ended. Castiel had barely made it into his room before tearing off his pants and briefs, his hands eagerly reaching to touch and please. Afterward, he'd lay there panting and sated, smiling dopily.
“Another late night in the library?”
Castiel sighed and shook his head.
“Don’t mention it. Now go on or you’ll be late. I’m sure you don’t want to explain the smells of sex and smoke to mommy dearest.”
“I’ve missed you this week.”
Dean came to kneel beside him and slid his arm around his omega’s shuddering shoulders.
"Why don't you ever bring anybody?" Dean wondered, glancing down at the menu.
"This was nice," Dean commented, and Castiel nodded. It had been nice.
Two days later, Anna released Castiel from the infirmary under the watchful eye of a good-natured beta named Donna. She immediately whisked him off, promising to get Castiel “squeaky clean.”
“You know, I always knew it was you,” he admitted.
“I am your best option for finding that supply chain,” Castiel promised.
“I’ll text you,” Dean promised as Castiel began to back out of his parking spot.
Cas nodded, and a soft smile tugged at his lips. Dean couldn’t help return the smile as he stole another kiss. When they separated, he rubbed his thumb along Cas’s jaw, reveling in the shiver it evoked.
Which doesn’t make sense, right? Before that, I didn’t think anything could be better than good ol’ sex. Cas was showing me, somehow without a single word, that there were better options.
It wasn't long before they fell into a routine. Each morning before school, Dean and Sam would pick up Castiel from his house, and then they would drive together to pick up Crowley from his corner. Despite their initial dislike of each other, Dean and Crowley seemed to have reached some sort of agreement, a pact that held Castiel at the center.
Hell hath no fury like a lover scorned...
“I can save you! I can bring you back, just like I did for—“
“I’m not getting outta bed for—”
Finally, the falsely cheerful: “Excellent work, Winchester. I knew I could count on you.”
Castiel stared out the private jet’s window, tears streaking from red-rimmed eyes. God, it had all been too perfect, hadn’t it? When he’d stepped from Dean’s side for a quick moment, fully planning to return within minutes, he hadn’t known that it would be the last time he ever stood there beside the handsome man who’d unequivocally stolen his heart--and then crushed it just as thoroughly.
.” His tone was sarcastic enough for me to glare. “Look, most people aren’t mind readers, so if you want to
“You know how I hate that whole True Mates idiocy. A lot of people smell good.” Cas threw up his hands. “Besides, what is he, twenty or twenty-one? I’m almost thirty-three!”
“The rocking chair?”
"Ooh, a bench seat!" Castiel murmured, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. He reached across to run his hand over the denim fabric on Dean's inner thigh, but Dean intercepted his hand, instead linking their fingers together.
“You don’t
The boy's eyes widened as they skimmed down his body. "You!"
As he crept along, his gaze swept the deep shadows. He heard a soft gasp, followed by a low chuckle. As he moved closer, he realized that whoever it was, there was some heavy action going on.
“As his mate, your connection to him grants you power.” Hannah smiled. “He needs you now, more than ever before. Your presence will give him the help he needs to defeat them.”
“Amy, there’s always room for a couple more people at our table,” Cas reminded her. “It’s not very kind to say things like that. I’ll just sit next to Leah tonight.”
Dean arched a skeptical brow. "And how am I supposed to help you? It's not like I can just...tutor you away from thinking you're...you know..." He trailed off uncertainly.
Cas barked out a laugh, full and warm in the small space they occupied, and Dean looked pleased with himself as he began sorting through the papers again.
“Really? Because after what I just saw with you and that alpha...I don’t think I’ll ever doubt the idea again.”
“You’re the absolute best, Balth!” Cas called as he ran around to the passenger side, and then we were pulling away, headed for the interstate.
“I met a few of them,” Dean answered, his own voice hushed. “A long time ago.”
“You know, you’ll find the same wine here, just from a much better winery,” Castiel promised.
The answering groan filled him with relief followed closely by adrenaline. “We gotta go, man.” He pushed himself up by his elbows, fought to gain his knees.
“A bonding machine?” Dean asked, the request for further clarification obvious in his voice.
Dean stood, holding out a hand toward Zachariah. “Yes, I believe so. Thank you for giving me this opportunity.”
“Please tell me,” he whispered for Cas’s ears only. “You’ll be spending the night in my room as soon as they release me. We don’t have to do anything, I just...”
They’d given her their phones, just like they would in an actual family emergency, then snuck out the back and caught a cab to the airport, where the family jet waited. Now, just past 1 in the morning, Castiel watched the lights below grow larger as the plane descended toward the private air strip.
“And if they fail?” Cas couldn’t help but ask.
Harvelle’s smirk grew, and Cas had the uncomfortable feeling that he hadn’t kept his expression as unreadable as he’d hoped. He gestured back toward the holding cells, eager to get this over with. “They’re back this way.”
Blue eyes flashed through his mind, and Dean moaned again, this time with a hoarse sob. Why did his memory keep replaying those brief moments with his alpha? It only served to torture him more, drive him insane with the knowledge of his rejection.
“Don’t forget,” Castiel reminded as he ruffled her hair teasingly. “I was the one who was late for dinner.”
But there were other parts she learned about that weren’t so good.
Minutes that somehow seemed like an eternity passed before the reply finally came.
He glanced down at his hands, curled in so tight that his nails were digging into his palm. Dean followed his gaze, his brow furrowing when he saw the dispassionate way Castiel studied his own pain, like it wasn't something to concern himself with. He reached over and slowly uncurled those fingers, twining his fingers through them instead.
Crowley arched a brow at him. "Do you know me? Of course I do."
“You heard me! You think we haven’t noticed how distracted you’ve been? Playing your little game?” He shook his head disapprovingly. “And the worst part is, it’s like you wanted him to win!”
His face grew serious, but even then I could see the contentment in his eyes. “Before you, I was so angry,” he whispered. “about moving here, about Chuck, about my mom...I just felt invisible.” His smile came back. “And then one time, before we were even dating, you told me I exist.”
Dean kissed Castiel’s warm skin right behind his ear, and Castiel leaned into the touch. He turned his big doe eyes on Dean, his smile pleading, and Dean couldn't help but return that smile. He'd promised Castiel a bed, and fuck if it hadn't been hard on them, literally and figuratively.
Cas blushed gently. “I should hope so, after almost two years!” His smile turned wicked. “I know everything about you, including a multitude of ways to make you forget about that empty stomach.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
It seemed his heart certainly thought so, thrumming with the pain and humiliation that welled within him. His hands shook as his omega’s grief tried to burst free. He shut his eyes, allowing himself that single moment of agony, then pushed it away.
“And what am I supposed to tell King Charles and the others?”
“Yeah,” I ran a hand over the back of my neck.
“Because he’ll lose,” Dean promised.
Something in Dean’s tone must have pierced through the haze, because Brady finally shut up. “Right, of course. I didn’t mean to overstep, Man.” He stood and offered a final wave before spinning and stumbling from the room.
Dean watched Sam and Anael, who sat next to each other during dinner, as one final check for himself that he hadn’t missed something. Well, he watched them as best he could around the very obvious distraction sitting only a few seats away. Castiel was wearing his dress uniform, and damn if Dean hadn’t gone a little glassy-eyed when he’d seen the alpha out in the parlor.
He pressed a line of kisses down the smaller boy's throat, sucking at the soft skin on his pulse point, before he returned back to claim Castiel's mouth in a bruising kiss.
“Castiel, we haven’t had sex in weeks. I’ve known that the benefits part of our friendship was over since that last night. You’ve never been this hung up on anyone. Not even Victor.”
Castiel sighed. “But we just don’t have the space. Perhaps if we moved the —“ he was interrupted by someone clearing their throat lightly. They turned in unison, matching smiles plastered on their faces, to the pair standing behind them.
Castiel nodded groggily as his finger inched toward the door. Dean's eyes tracked his finger, wary and anxious. Castiel pressed the button.
Cas nodded, and his face was so bright, so happy. She couldn’t be upset at him, not really. It wasn’t even
"He found me alone and tried to hurt me. Well, he did hurt me," he admitted, gesturing to his bruised face. "But I made him stop. I threatened to tell everyone about what he really is, and he left."
Castiel accused.
When he looked back to Castiel, he found his blue-lit eyes on him, a confused frown tugging at his mouth. But Castiel did not ask about him or his odd behavior, instead focusing on the problem at hand.
Winchester’s gaze swung over to see what had caught Brady’s attention. “Who the hell is that?”
As the children fake-marched down the hall with Hanna at the head and Rachel at the middle, Castiel brought up the rear. They were just turning into the main hall when Castiel heard the now familiar, “Hey, Cas!”
Now we’re settled in Arizona, have been for a few years.
“Had a lot going on,” Cas hedged.
Dean tried calling Castiel back, but it went straight to voicemail. He tried texting, but Castiel didn't respond. He thought about going over to Castiel's house, but he knew that would end in a huge fight, and there was no way Naomi wouldn't know about them, and ultimately Castiel's orientation, after that.
Work was, in essence, as busy as ever, but Castiel found that Dean somehow helped create a perfect balance in his hectic life. No matter how stressful a day had been, Dean would always be there at the end of it, with smiles and soft words of encouragement. He’d treat Cas to a night out at some fancy restaurant followed by a show or walk through the park. Or, if Cas wasn’t feeling up to actually being around other people, Dean would cook him dinner instead.
Then, when there were no more breaths, he brought the gun to Michael’s temple, drew a deep breath, squeezed his eyes shut. Then he pulled the trigger.
“Why what?”
"There's a diner just down the road that has really good burgers," Castiel recommended.
He nodded but kept his eyes straight ahead. Hannah grabbed him by the arm, forcing him to look at her.
Yet they all bloomed.
A grin broke out on Dean's face. "Awesome."
“He must've forgot with all the…” she trailed off, ran a hand through her hair.
She yanked out her phone and typed out the text:
“See, it’s just—“ he broke off when he saw what waited on the doorstep: his basket, the one he’d dropped in the market. And it was full of food.
“I’m here now. I’m giving you a choice now.” Dean drew a deep breath, his eyes desperate. “I’m here
“Because?” Dean prompted, stepping into his space.
And now, only Amara held onto some decency, choosing to ignore Cas rather than spite him. Probably because she knew the truth. She knew how much Cas had to grieve.
His mind halted at that word.
He stood to shove his finger in Dean’s direction. “And those omegas needed to be avenged!”
Castiel rolled his eyes. "Can we please stop talking about my mother right before you're about to get into my pants? It's a little bit of a turn-off."
Sam glared at Castiel. “What do you mean, what kind of emergency? He talked to you about it this morning!”
“You’re doing a pretty good job yourself,” Castiel nodded to where she helped her younger brother. A small smile lit her face, and she returned to her work.
“Maxwell’s brother is the chief treasurer, self-explanatory. Thomas, the alpha,” Dean wiggled his eyebrows at that, causing Sam to snort out a laugh. “owns the shipping yard nearest the docks.”
"What are you doing?" Dean asked.
Jess arched a brow. “Cas?”
He slowly tilted his head back so he could look up at the intruder.  His heart shuddered to a stop in his chest.
“You know,” Rachel murmured with a sympathetic smile, “I’m sure Casti—”
“I’ll need an alpha to help me with my heats after this.”
“Sammy!” Dean groaned. “You know I don’t even really believe in all that bullshit.”
As they played this game—him pulling his hand away, the cat chasing it with the key—his decision grew clearer in his mind.
“I’m well aware of the situation,” Ana replied. She smiled sadly. “I am your omega’s supreme, after all.”
“Really? That’s your excuse?” Gabe taunted. “Because I call Bullshit! What you just did could have been grounds for all-out war.”
Dean glanced down at the boot in his hand, the heel of which was worn way down.
Real Dean felt his own emotions burst with triumph when Cas punched Memory Dean in the face.
The room was empty.
“A logical assumption.” Castiel nodded. “But I find beauty in both—the natural world that gives me my power, and the people that give me my purpose.” He glanced up at Dean. “Their world is just as beautiful.”
Sam was about to tease Dean about where the fire was, but then he caught Dean’s scent. He jumped up. “Dean…”
"Exactly! Dean, you deserve better than some GED. You deserve to think better about yourself too!" Castiel reached across to grab his hand. "We both have the same problem, mine just happens to be a moral problem while yours is an academic problem."
Castiel watched from the shadows as Dean stepped to the bannister and drew in a deep breath of the garden’s fragrant night air.
Cas giggled at the put-upon tone, and Dean turned to smile at him, even as he returned to Cas’s ready arms and whispered, “You’re gonna be in so much trouble for that.”
“I can feel it! Something’s off…” he looked around again. “This place feels all wrong.”
“I’m here to kidnap you,” I teased.
"Okay. We'll be home around nine." And then her footsteps retreated.
Dean’s expression was sorrowful, but Castiel smiled at him. With Dean here, Hannah was but a distant, painful memory.
Hannah shrugged. “I’m still just learning the basics of this. As of right now, my mindscape is limited to my bedroom and the library in the bunker.”
Dean shook himself and smiled weakly at Benny. “Yeah.”
.” He reached up to smooth Castiel’s hair. “If you’d just offered me that, you know I wouldn’t have run away.”
“The pleasure’s all mine, Dean-o!” Gabriel responded with a cheeky wink. “And call me Gabe.” He held out a hand toward some free seats near Meg and Anna. “Let’s have a seat.”
“Hey,” he greeted as he slid into the passenger seat.
As Dean waited, his patience stretched thin at the dismissive attitude. Castiel had asked for help, and they'd come, yet he acted as though the team was imposing on him.
Blinking to get his wits back around him- Dean's kisses were potent. "I love you too," He met Dean's gaze, biting into the doughnut. He gasped, then moaned at the flavors exploding on his tongue. It was incredible, and his eyes widened. "I should have gotten more than a dozen..."
Laughing at the enthusiasm that Gabriel showed, Sam nodded. "Sure, Sweetheart. And a salad buffet for me, hm?" He kissed the angel once more as Castiel returned, holding a good number of bags and a tray of coffee.
"What can I get you?" she asked, looking more at Dean than at Castiel.
"I thought his son was some kind of all-star grade-A football player, complete with flashy scholarship and cheerleader girlfriend?" Dean wondered, his hand pausing. Castiel actually blushed under his piercing gaze, shifting uncomfortably.
"Look at you," Gordon began pacing in front of his door, blocking any means of escape. He smiled at Castiel, lips pulled back to reveal white teeth. Castiel felt like a rabbit facing his fate before a hungry wolf.
“Sammy?”
"So...you've never gotten asked out?"
His gaze returned to the fire as his weak smile slipped away. “Even if I somehow managed to not ruin him…” He sucked in a deep breath. “No, he’d leave me.” He looked down at the cat. “Everyone does eventually, and when he does…” Castiel gulped, fresh tears rising. “I can’t go through that, not again. I think it’d actually kill me this time.”
“You can’t count yourself as an authority, Dean,” Cas scolded. “You’re too full of shit,”
“And I assume you have this stronger magic?” Meg spoke up.
“Look, we didn’t have to get involved here,” Dean reminded. “We didn’t need to help you.”
But good intentions slipped away as another person caught his attention… or rather, another person’s
“Realized what?” Sam asked as he came up on the other side of Jess.
After lunch one day, Castiel rushed to his locker to grab his books for fifth hour. As he closed his locker and turned to head to trig, he caught sight of Gordon Walker at his girlfriend’s locker. Their eyes met for the briefest of seconds by accident and Castiel tensed.
“Because if
“This has to be the place,” Benny said. “There’s no way —”
Castiel spent the rest of the day in a slump. No one had ever affected him the way Dean did, and it was shoving his entire psyche off balance. He didn't like it one bit.
Seriously though, for those of you reading, I hope you like it. I've really enjoyed writing it, just cause it gave me a break from all the big stressful stuff going on in life and work. Please leave a comment with your thoughts, and feel free to share the piece.
Benny and Sam exchanged glances, then nodded grimly. “We’ll stop him.”
“Hey!” He cried, rubbing at the tender spot.
Castiel snorted. "I would never keep you away."
The door suddenly burst open behind them.
"Nothing's wrong with you, Love," Crowley replied.
Dean studied him, his expression perplexed. “Why won’t you display your art? I know it must be beautiful.”
Despite what he told himself about not caring whether Dean texted back or not, he couldn't dispel the low simmer of anxiety in his gut as he waited for some kind of response.
“So you’ve got Ketch looking into a new manufacturing plant, Crowley looking to invest.”
“I saw him at Mom’s birthday dinner. He was there with a date.” Dean almost had to spit the name out. “
And then soft lips were claiming Cas’s in a firm kiss.
“And I presume you were supposed to make it look like a mistake?”
As she sat and listened, he found himself happier than ever that they’d managed to maintain their friendship. He could always count on the alpha to hear him out...and occasionally set him straight. He was even happier that her fiancé was okay with her former kind-of flame dropping in to talk.
The first time he’d smelled that cologne, he’d been sitting alone at a tiny picturesque cafe in Verona. He’d seen him before he’d smelled him, of course, sitting across the street with two other men. From the moment Cas had laid eyes on the tall man with the sandy hair and perfect face, he’d been lost.
“What the hell are you doing here?” Dean ground out quietly as Cas spun and began leading them away into the house. Dean tried to keep his focus on the back of Cas’s head, to ignore the golden skin of Cas’s back. He clenched his hands at his side.
She was out for her usual evening run when she spotted the Impala parked on a narrow, practically deserted side-street. She knew it was Dean’s because he was the only one in town to own that car. She thought she might go up and say hi, but then she saw Dean in the backseat, obviously
“I realized that being a witch, having these powers...it wasn’t nearly enough. I saw ugliness in the world, evil and betrayal. I knew that I couldn’t be like my brothers and sisters, couldn’t simply remain in hiding and hope for the best, or if the evil won out, weather the worst.”
He looked down to find a tiny little guy, maybe a year old, crawling toward him, drawn to that sweet, pregnant scent that put children at ease. With a smile, Castiel bent down and scooped up the pup. The small guy fit perfectly against his hip, a comforting weight he was used to.
“He made me promise,” the omega—Castiel—whispered. Only then did Dean see the revolver in his hand. He glanced back down at the alpha, to the obvious hole in the temple, but his eyes skipped past it to the prominent bump of the omega’s tummy.
“What did you say?”
“But Ana will be able to undo your spell, right?”
Dean paused. “Thirty-six? I thought we agreed on eighteen?”
Cas huffed out a laugh. “Oh, so you got to run when it suited you, but now I don’t?”
"No!" Castiel ground out, shoving at him weakly. "Stop!"
Cas scrambled off and turned himself around to face Dean again. He grinned manically as he reached down to grab Dean’s cock and guide it to his hole.
him, you need to be up front with that.”
He’d guessed that Castiel would be a good link to Lucifer, and snippets in their conversation tonight had verified that. It had only taken a couple gentle nudges for Cas to talk about his uncle who “wasn’t really in the family in the more...” He’d chosen well. Castiel was the perfect mark for this.
“But I also have some leverage I can use there. I know that Pete has drafted a piece of legislation that needs to be signed by my father. On the surface, it looks like a simple ‘public interest’ numbers game: divert funds usually allocated for the purchase of government necessities to infrastructure instead. This makes it look like he’s a man of the people.”
He slipped over to the bed and smiled gently at the groggy face on the pillow, settling himself on the edge of the bed.
Once Balth and Anna were engrossed in the game, Cas muttered something about the bathroom and scurried away, slipping around the back of the bleachers to where he’d seen Dean.
He’d been in a mood since Tuesday, when Crowley and Ruby had talked to him. Even now, he could still feel the pain of their warnings. It was like his heart had shriveled up in his chest, curling into a tight little ball to protect itself from anymore hurt, and now it refused to relax.
Dean gestured for him to continue while he reached for another cookie.
Henriksen reached into his jacket. Before, there would have been a folder with intel, some kind of directive. Now he handed a single photo to Dean.
?” Cas asked.
temple for Nanshe.”
“In what way?” he pressed as he followed her from the cottage.
Gabriel rolled his eyes. “Now you’re purposefully saying dumbass things. You know that the ‘first scent’ thing levels out soon enough.”
He sighed, and she could suddenly see it, see how he was so weary and broken. “Because my power is weakening by the moment. I know you feel it...When I finally exhaust my power, I will not be able to keep the shadow from escaping into the world. If he gets free, he will resurrect the others, and then...”
“Really?” Cas murmured, and Dean nodded enthusiastically.
“Or,” she spoke up again, “I can just give you a little piece of advice.”
“Hey,” Dean breathed before Cas’s mouth collided with his.
"Meh," Castiel mumbled. "I was an asshole, chased off this guy that I know would've been a great lay, and ended up fucking Crowley."
“I understand,” Cas assured him, still not meeting his gaze. “I think that you and Anna will make a lovely couple.”
When Cas woke in the morning, blinking his eyes open with the early sun, he turned to check on the cat.
“I’m ready.”
His soul cried out for Dean, wanted to fly down and help. Then he could see his alpha one final time. But he pushed the urge away; he couldn’t go help them, not without freeing a worse evil—an evil that neither his alpha nor his sister would survive.
boring…especially in bed. Which he proved again and again and again. And every time, he’d cuddle Dean after and scent him, still as addicted as ever.
was anything to go by, when Cas scooped it up and carried it to the back door.
“What would you know about it?” Cas goaded.
"That's not the only thing I'm interested in, you know," Crowley murmured.
Kazimir’s corpse turned back to Cas. “Do you still think you can defeat me? You see what I am capable of, the power I hold.” He sailed closer to Castiel, and Dean’s breath caught in his throat when the demon quirked his head again. “It is the magic borne of true pain.”
After dinner, he cleaned the kitchen table—a rough, bulky thing where he took all his lonely meals now. Still the cat remained, licking its fur and cleaning its face.
Crowley rolled his eyes. "Just suck him off in the bathroom and make nice. It always works with us."
“More than anything, my love.”
“Indeed, you have not,” Ana murmured.
Cas smiled, this time shy, but he wouldn’t break the connection held in Dean’s stare. “I felt it too, the way our magics blended.”
But just because he hated something didn’t mean it would magically change. Because that’s how things went in the world. Because life just wasn’t fair.
“Oh shit!”
Dean didn't comment on the interaction this time, instead choosing to ask, "So, I take it English is your favorite subject?"
The news cameras followed the brothers who strolled toward the palace car that had been sent for them, still smiling and nodding to the reporters. The palace chauffeur opened the rear driver-side door for Sam, the alpha, who ducked into his seat quickly, while another attendant opened the rear passenger-side door for the omega brother, Dean. But before he ducked down, Dean suddenly paused, his eyes on something off-camera for the briefest of moments, then he slid into his seat.
“Just get your cock in me already,” he whined. He grabbed Dean by the collar and yanked him into a kiss as he spun them around and started walking them back toward the couch. Somehow, between the kissing and the grinding, they didn’t quite make it to the couch.
"I can do all of that," Dean promised. "I can definitely do that!"
“And the old lady?”
Dean pointed a finger at him, “Hey! Don’t knock Waffle Wakeups! I only told you about them because they are sacred, and should be treated as such.”
Castiel sat in his father’s study with his parents and siblings, all of them silently watching the TV, or rather, the news coverage of the private jet that had just landed outside their royal hangar.
“Yes.”
They stood, drinks in hand, and sauntered back towards the door.
“My new proposal does help Anael,” Dean interrupted.
She sighed again, deeply...painfully. “Don’t thank me. I was all for killing you, but since Cas is the one calling the shots on this, you get to live.”
Cas slammed the door without touching the basket.
“Buddy,” Dick tried, “Remember: you are Dean Winchester. You have an im—”
Dean drew a deep breath, then his next words came out in a rush. “I’ve never once felt this way about anyone before.”
"Yeah. I've gotta go." Castiel held his books to his chest and hurried away without another word.
“You are so unique.” Ana lifted a hand to cup Hannah’s face. “Your power...you were not born with it.”
When he got to homeroom, Charlie was waiting to pounce.
“Red?”
a 1077 is,” Uriel cut in, sounding the teensiest bit annoyed. Cas smirked in triumph at his success. “I want to know why you filed it.”
“I went by our place, the other day…”
“I’m so sorry,
Cas could only whisper his response, “I don’t think you’ll have to wait very long.”
God, that’s pathetic. But even that pathetic, I knew that if it had the slightest chance of working...I’d do it in a heartbeat.
It didn't take long before Castiel was straddling Dean's lap, his arms flung around his neck as his mouth attacked his.
“I’m going to stay right here, for as long as it takes,” Dean promised.
“Yeah, her whole ‘communion with self’ thing,” I replied. At first I didn’t get her whole running shtick, but then she compared it to how I felt under the hood of a car, and it made sense.
Dean sighed heavily and dropped his head into his hands. “An old…friend, I guess.”
Castiel pulled back and turned Dean in his hold so he could look him right in the eye. “Because you’re my True Mate, and you needed me, just like I already need you.”
As they settled in for sleep, Castiel couldn’t help his own contented smile.
He could barely let his thoughts drift that way before those pictures rushed back into his mind—the ones published right before his tour started. They’d been scandalous, even for Bad Boy Dean Winchester. Two men—one sandy-haired, the other dark—entering his building one late night, and that same dark-haired man leaving alone early the next morning. His head had been down in the photo, hiding his face from the world, but Dean would never forget that devastated expression as he’d nodded silently and turned to leave Dean’s penthouse alone.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay then.”
Ana lifted a hand, and the grey fog that marked her magic swirled around him, pulled at him until his phone rose in the air between them, slowly spinning to reveal his picture of Lisa. “Why do you carry around a picture of a woman who’s been gone for years?”
"I'm asking if you need someone," Crowley said, his voice sounding like the words tasted bad in mouth. "I can come over if you don't want to be alone."
-----------------------
Once they were back in the east drawing room, it jumped onto his lap as usual, but this time it began to rub its spine against his shirt. Cas ran a hand over its fur, along its back, under its chin. His fingers brushed the cool metal of the key, and he gasped, tugging his hand back quickly. The cat lifted its chin, the key glinting in the fire’s light, and pressed forward as if to bring it right to his fingers again.
He slid from his barstool, instantly on alert. “What? Where are they headed, I can meet them there.” He tried to ignore the fact that he wasn’t asking about Gabe as an agent looking for a connection to Lucifer, but as a man worried about his boyfriend’s cousin.
Crowley strolled from the room, leaving Dean and Benny to follow. As Dean passed opulent furniture and prestigious portraits, his mind once again wandered. Where was Cas? How was he mixed up in all this?
Castiel opened his locker and took out a bottle of aspirin. He took two and swallowed them with the help of vodka hidden in his water bottle. He'd snuck it when Crowley was in the shower.
The figure painted there was dark, menacing. He stood far above the tiny worshippers below, lording his power over them.
"No problem, Castiel. Just let me know if you need anything else," she offered with a kind, albeit surprised, smile at him before turning and heading back for the kitchen.
Dean was not about to do that, it seemed. He outstripped them all, weaving between the cars a little too haphazardly, taking the corners a little too sharply. Cas held his breath the entire time, his fists so tight he could feel his nails drawing blood. He had to clamp down hard on his alpha, or he’d be down there in a heartbeat.
Dean turned, ready to run back toward the border, but then he caught sight of Hannah, her expression broadcasting her pain. She was looking at the older woman, almost desperate.
“Sammy!”
“I don’t know if I can,” the omega whispered. “I can’t just leave him...what about...” Sobs erupted from the omega’s throat as his body shook, trembled. “We were so close!”
Cas could feel himself shaking, his power wavering. He knew the others hadn’t left yet. Perhaps his version of Dean, the dark entity that restlessly stalked Castiel’s steps for no other reason than to torment him, was hindering them.
"So, where else have you lived?"
It wasn’t rushed, wasn’t frenzied. The two men exchanged soft kisses in the dark, slowly shedding their clothing as they meandered toward the bedroom, stopping often to exchange another kiss, then another, each hungrier than the last. When Castiel finally fell back onto the bed, with Dean’s weight above him, pressing him further into the mattress, he could feel them both, hard and aching.
Cas’s face remained hidden as he nodded. “Just embarrassed…” he breathed so quietly that Dean could hardly hear him, so he knew the others definitely couldn’t.
Graduation approached, and he was surprised to learn that Novak had earned valedictorian. Apparently his whole “quiet student” bullshit hid quite a brain. Brady couldn’t wait to hear him stumble through his speech for graduation. At least there’d be something entertaining about all that sitting and standing and walking bullshit.
“It’s all a bit much to take in, I know. Especially when...” Dean trailed off, a red blush staining his cheeks as he stopped himself from stating the obvious. “Anyways, we all keep sleeping quarters pretty close together. It’s just up here down this hallway.”
He finally looked away then, pretended to watch the crowds. But his peripheral was still arrested on Dean as he sat there, breathless, waiting.
Charlie smiled sympathetically. "I know, sweetie. But it's not going to get better if you just...ignore it. You need to talk to him; at least give him the chance to, I don't know...explain or try to make it up to you."
Suddenly a head of fiery red hair popped into his line of vision.
It finally finished middle of October, just in time for Garth’s Halloween...thing. Dean could never quite tell what it was meant to be, since so many different twists and turns happened throughout the damn thing.
Sam nodded. “We’ll have to spread out, but we should probably keep within yelling distance.” He looked to Meg. “Stay with the jet, in case we need some help from above.”
“Oh my god!” Sam’s voice echoed from the room next door. “We get it, you want each other. Now kiss!” Eileen’s high pitched giggle followed the command.
"So, how were the fantastic adventures of Castiel last night?"
Cas had been the mark, and he hadn’t even known. One would think, given the downward spiral he’d witnessed his mother go through with his father, that he’d be able at least recognize when he was being played. But he hadn’t. He’d thought…
Dean returned to the table with Cas’s plate and set it down gently in front of him. “There you go.” He leaned down to speak softly in Cas’s ear. “I asked Ellen to sneak you an extra portion.”
Dean knew he’d be okay; they were leaving tomorrow, and Castiel had avoided him since their conversation at the ball two nights before. As long as Dean didn’t see him before they left, he’d be good.
Dean smirked as he pressed against the spot again, pulling another long moan from Cas. Castiel began to rock his hips back onto Dean's fingers, letting out little gasps and pants and moans every time Dean brushed that special spot.
When he finally looked up at me, I smiled reassuringly. “She’s right, you know. You’re gonna be just fine with me, Sweetheart. You, me, and Sammy...and probably Jess.”
He wasn’t sure how he did it, maybe because the torment of being unwanted was an all-too-familiar one he’d borne for years. Such was the plight of an omega in King John Winchester’s court.
of here. This whole place just feels wrong.
on some level, but Dean is pretty sure being able to focus on the warmth under his fingers is the only thing keeping him from losing it right now. It’s kind of nice, too, that he can feel the tense muscles there relaxing ever so slightly the longer his hand is there.
They slip quietly toward their goal, because controlling the visuals in everyone’s implants won’t cover any out of place sounds, and they don’t want to make anyone suspicious enough to take out their contacts or deactivate their implants and take that control away from them, too.
” Charlie answers quickly. “
“Yeah, I got you. Go on.”
“Of course, Agent Singer.”
“He’s right, Sammy. I have no problem with you staying kinda close, believe me, but I’d feel better if you weren’t right out here in the open.” He swallows and looks down at his hands, clicking on the ID chip. “What’s my name again?”
“It sounds like...searching,” he says. “Like they’re calling for someone.”
to know. If he has any say in it at all, he won’t let anything like that happen ever again.
Or where it was mere moments ago, anyway.
” Charlie says. “T
It takes a moment for Dean to process that he’s talking about their still-joined hands and that they should probably leave them that way in case things are weird outside, too. Funny. For some reason Dean thought maybe he wanted to say more than that.
Someone up by the window that opens to the cab is pounding on the metal beside it. “We have to go; we have to go!”
,” she answers happily.
“Give me the gun. You’re flirting with a whole different kind of trouble,” Mills says. She really sounds like she means it. Like she cares. Dean is glad she isn’t hurt, but he just wants to get the hell
“What?” Dean asks.
It’s faint, but growing closer. A quick glance back tells Dean the real Robert Singer is leading the pack after them, his partner Mills and another smaller, younger woman on his heels. Mills, the other woman and the uniforms are confused, weapons bobbing around, searching for a target they can’t see, but following him. Singer’s not the only one firing in at least the right general direction when they really start shooting.
Well, at least the other woman has a name now.
“They wouldn’t really shoot us or anything, right? The new people are just SI security or something, aren’t they?” There’s no answer right away, and he’s already learned that’s not a good sign. “Cas?”
“Of course they do…”
Dean swallows, remembering the sudden darkness, and tries not to think about how it doesn’t feel weird to take Cas’s hand. He slaps his own into it, rolling his eyes for plausible deniability later, but the weird feeling he’s expecting never comes.
“What now!” Singer huffs in frustration. His gun comes back out. “Is this your friend? Who’s out there?” He goes for the door. “Stay with them!” he says to Mills. She draws her own weapon, and then Singer and the uniforms are gone and it’s the three of them in the dim conference room.
It’s enough of a distraction for Cas to dart around the table and wrench the gun out of her hands before she gets her balance back. She starts to come at him when she has her footing, but when he levels it at her she stops, hands up.
” Charlie says quickly. Her voice tremors. “
Cas is shaking his head, looking at the spot where Dean would have been a second ago. “I could still feel your hand, but most of you...I couldn’t see you. You disappeared.”
“What the hell now?” Dean asks. “We already screwed up getting out of here once.”
“Run,” Cas says. “Don’t stop until we’re there. Don’t let go until we’re there.”
Great.
“Is this where the call came from?” Dean asks urgently. He has to shout to be heard over Bevell’s protests, and it seems she’s just as much a pain in the ass as her younger self.
He wants to find one of the places where everything changes. He wants to go there on purpose. “Are you out of your mind?”
“We don’t know,” Dean says truthfully. “We don’t know anything, really. Nothing they said made a lot of sense.”
When Castiel moves again, finally, it’s Dean he looks at, something tight in his eyes that Dean wants to say is concern, maybe. He opens his mouth like he’s going to say something, but Charlie breaks the silence then instead.
For some reason, that doesn’t shock Dean at all. Maybe part of him had it figured out all along.
Dean walked around to the passenger door to open it for Castiel, then ran around to his own door.
Suddenly, with a burst of light, voices flooded the chute.
The doorbell sounded at seven sharp. Castiel grinned wickedly, checking his appearance in the bathroom mirror one last time before he ran downstairs.
“God, these true crime books are always way off the mark, huh?” he asked as they approached. He set the book aside and stood to greet them with hugs. “My nephew and my daughter, both finally here for a visit.”
“He woke up and took off right after you did, man,” Garth answered. “Said he needed some fresh air.”
Dammit, Cas was going to be the absolute end of him. And the worst part was, he didn’t even mind it so much. Even now as the cab sped toward Cas’s apartment—toward the home of a fucking detective who could put him away for a long time—he felt his heart picking up a beat in anticipation.
Every time Dean saw a couple kiss, he felt that old pang in his chest. There’d been a time once when that had been him and Cas. Dean would return from his out-of-town jobs (read: heists) and Cas would greet him with tight hugs and long kisses.
Dean caught it, though, and suddenly it all made sense. He smiled at Castiel, his eyes bright, before turning back to Crowley.
The crowd on the TV started counting down from 10, but we didn’t care. Our lips were already locked by the time that ball dropped.
“I mean, you were pretty angry,” Dean reminded.
“Testify against the others in the Bulgary case,” Harvelle prompted. “I know Detective Novak here would be so grateful if you could tie up some loose ends for him on that.” Harvelle nodded toward him. “Might even help get him out of some pretty hot water.”
"Oh, god!" He cried. "Right there!!"
He pulled away, leaving Castiel confused.
As he settled down into the seat, he crossed one long leg over the other and pulled out his notebook. He smiled when he felt the light smack on the back of his head.
So the next day, I was in that school parking lot when the dismissal bell rang. I watched from my car as masses of students burst from the front doors, most of them too hurried to even notice me parked near the back of the lot. And even if someone saw me, they pretended they didn’t. No one wanted to be seen with their dealer here in broad daylight.
They’d gone further and further each time, so Cas felt completely comfortable, confident even, as he reached down to toy with the button of Dean’s jeans.
The supreme nodded. “For months now. And I must say, his magic is stronger than ever because of it.”
So now Castiel lived in a drafty old house—unwanted, forgotten, alone but for the few times he ventured into town for some shopping. And even then, he somehow felt even more alone, more unwanted.
“That’s the brother,” Gabriel observed.
With a smirk, he turned away to follow Sam back down the hall so they could discuss the renovations they were starting in the basement.
Yes, he’d known that Dean was it for him since that Halloween party, but that word
Dean’s smile returned. “Ana said the same thing.”
“You’re not playing fair,” he complained, tears clouding his vision. “You used me for a mark, and now you expect me to forget that?”
Castiel threw his powers out, trapping it again, and Hannah was quick to add her own power to the attack.
There’d always been a chance that he’d be found out…but he hadn’t anticipated being caught so soon. Now he was going to… Well, at the very least he’d get fired. He’d probably face some criminal charges of his own for forging government documents.
Why should he, when they’d all essentially confirmed what he’d long suspected: they didn’t want him there. They wanted him gone, just like his mother and sister.
Dean stared after him, his heart aching.
“Of course.” Dean settled into one of the many available chairs. He tried to hide his annoyance that Victor remained standing.
"He didn't know," Castiel pointed out, pulling his knees to his chest. "And it's not like we were exclusive. I just thought... I thought he..." Castiel shook his head again. Crowley pulled him to his chest.
With a deep breath, she spoke. “Every Supreme has a speciality, something she excels in that will manifest during the sev...”
quickly, like they’d planned this beforehand. Cas and I had done the same to them a couple times though, so it was pretty fair.
“Because I went to see him...”
“Share your power?”
“What?” he snapped. When Brady held out another wad of cash, Winchester snatched it away and tucked it into his back pocket. “Ok, we’re square. Now get the hell out of here.”
“What the hell are
“Because I’m one of the few people Castiel trusts.” Henriksen sighed at Dean’s disbelieving look. “Yes, me. And what he’s found...apparently he doesn’t trust his government or ours to handle responsibly.”
Even with his false smile, his heart thrummed in pain, which was silly. Castiel had already made it abundantly clear that he didn’t want Dean, so the picture shouldn’t have been a surprise.
“Right?” Dean agreed with a grin. He grabbed the bag of grapes and allowed the fridge door to slam shut as he claimed a seat with them at the table.
Dean nodded desperately as he tried to keep his hips from jerking up into Castiel's heat. His tongue swiped at his lower lip, and Castiel's eyes tracked the movement.
And Cas, god help him, he hadn’t been able to do anything but stare helplessly as the man stood from his table, leaving his companions behind without a second glance, and strode confidently toward Castiel, that smirk in place the entire time.
“Yes! Tell him that hiring a male assistant with a sexy accent is so cliche! And tell him not to forget about the other thing!” The other man hung up.
He’d just disappeared, and now it was too late.
Castiel's eyes grew distant as he tried to recall the words. The liquor was making everything so fuzzy. He did vaguely recall from Saturday...
“No, she’s still with that bag of dicks.”
Castiel had caught a glimpse of Dean when they’d all filed out of the palace to drive over, and the frustrating omega had somehow managed to look gorgeous in the most casual ensemble possible: jeans, a t-shirt, and a jacket.
"So you want to date, but not monogamously."
When the jet landed, Cas all but ran from the ship. Dean watched him go, feeling more idiotic than he had for a long while. He brought a hand to his nose to test the break. What the hell had gotten into him?
“Any New Year's resolutions?” I prompted.
“Seriously?” Sam groaned, his expression conflicted. He stared out over the hallway for a long moment before looking back down. “But I can still despise him though, right?”
“Cas,” Dean echoed with a soft smile, the name tripping off his tongue. He gestured towards the basket Cas held. “And I see you are receiving my baskets. Why haven’t you—“
For a week, the insufferable man left basket after basket, each one fresh, each with another flower, despite the fact that Cas left them there. Perhaps Dean continued dropping them there because he saw the missing bits that Cas would finally take to satiate his desperate hunger each evening.
When Jo let out a loud whoop from beyond the door, Dean pulled back with a shuddering breath.
Yes, Dean would still help his own father from time to time when the need arose, but John fast discovered that what he deemed to be a “need” and what Castiel deemed to be a “need” were vastly different. After a long surprise lunch with his son-in-law, he was much more careful and respectful towards Dean.
Dean thought of that forest he’d seen in Cas’s mind. He’d always assumed that it served as the boundary, that to step into the shadow of the trees would be to step beyond the realm of, well... Castiel. But Cas was saying that the forest was not the boundary, but rather the very center.
“For this,” his father said, and then they were hugging, crying, touching for the first time in years.
"Castiel, you obviously don't remember any of this, but..." She shook her head. "I chased your father away. He was a drinker, drank all the time. Well, not all the time, but just enough that I thought I had to cure him of it. But it didn't work; I just made him run."
After cleaning up, Dean cuddled him close and tight, whispering soft words into his temple. As Cas drifted away into sleep, he realized what that new glow in his heart was:
Cas’s eyes narrowed. “What the hell are you implying?”
too touchy, and he spent a solid twenty minutes telling me about some stupid race he won in high school, or whatever ya’ll call it here, only because he’d beaten you.”
Cas couldn’t tamper down his excitement, laughing and singing along to the radio as they flew down the interstate.
They were talking about something, with the guy waving his hands around and Cas nodding along, but then he glanced over in my direction. He paused, a tiny smile rising to his lips when I waved.
“Like this.”
Not that it was a competition, but Cas was just so goddamn
(See the end of the chapter for
"Be safe. If you don't think you can make it home safely, please stay the night there."
"Well, you've asked me a question, so now it's my turn," Castiel said, using his straw to play with the ice cubes in his drink. "Why's a gorgeous guy like you using a bathroom wall to get dates?"
When Dean still seemed hesitant, Crowley pointed to Cas and spoke in Russian. Without meeting anyone’s eyes, Cas nodded and scooted back his chair. He turned toward Dean and, without warning, climbed into his lap.
Cas flushed but kept his gaze steady on Dean’s so they could read the truth in each other’s eyes. “The few council members who remained gave me her title—the youngest supreme in memory, and the only male ever—but I was trapped in that forest. I couldn’t even try to help. I had to maintain the power flowing into a very uncertain world.” He looked at Dean through his lashes. “When you came to get me and the machine, all I could think about was how you were the one who’d brought my supreme back to me, and through her, my freedom.”
“Not much. In smaller facilities like this, this area’s really more for maintaining and repairing calling equipment and implementing new protocols.”
“2060,” Cas says finally. “Right after the attacks on the centers in August. We got the call the day it happened.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
They all look at each other, and Charlie shrugs. “So what kind of plan are we talking about here?”
Cas points across the grounds, to the edge of the woods up a hill just outside the call center’s property. Dean can only be thankful there’s no perimeter fence.
All four of them are silent at first, when the recording ends. Castiel shuts off the whole screen and stares at the wall beyond where it had projected. Charlie’s arms are crossed tightly over her chest. Sam is frozen too, and Dean is clinging to the back of Castiel’s chair.
“Been snooping much?” Dean teases.
“With no offense intended, I’m afraid Charlie is probably the only one who would have any idea what I meant if I tried to explain.”
He swings into his chair in the same movement he used when Dean first arrived yesterday, the chair wheels scraping across the floor a few inches and bringing him to rest in front of the screen in the corner again. Charlie and Sam are both eyeing the room full of computers—Charlie in awe, Sam just surprised.
Then there’s another shout, and another. Faint and nothing they can understand yet, but coming closer.
Dean opens his mouth to say
“Right…” It takes a few moments of searching once he’s in, but he seems to find what he’s looking for. Dean leans farther over his chair, reading wide-eyed over his shoulder. “The manager
“I think I’ve found plenty here already,” Cas answers, distracted. “Evidence they were getting strange readings…”
“Or another timeline?” Dean asks. Maybe they exist after all. He resists the urge to shiver again remembering the echo of gunfire and a future Castiel shouting his name. If it’s not possible to change anything, he’s going to die. Sam and Charlie...them too?
Singer, for some reason, doesn’t scare Dean at all. Maybe the idea of whatever Shurley Industries is doing and what they might do to them makes him anxious, maybe he’s afraid of getting into any real trouble with the law and not being there for Sam, but Singer doesn’t scare him and he wishes he knew why.
“I...what?”
“So we go looking for proof ourselves,” Dean says. “That’s why they told us to investigate the center here. It has to be. That was the backup plan.”
“They’ve seen our faces!”
The metal double doors that make up the main entrance into the central offices are propped open with chairs, and there are several people still inside, all of whom ignore them. Dean imagines they’re after the same thing they are—evidence of what happened here. When the uniforms leave them, he and Cas mill through the offices looking for a computer that’s not already being rifled through.
“That could happen again? What was—?”
He tries to edge in front of Dean as Singer and Mills catch up to them, but Dean makes it clear with a swift yank back on his shoulder that he’s not having any of that. He gets a surprised huff out of Cas and some raised eyebrows for his trouble there, but at least Cas seems to get the message.
“It’s collapsing,” Cas says.
“Why is that red line going up like that? What’s increasing? Is that bad?” he asks. “It looks bad. Red usually means bad.”
“Do you have any idea how serious it can be to be caught trespassing in a time-technology facility?” Singer asks. “Attempting to take advantage of time is a serious offense. I did you a favor back there; Ms. Bevell seemed in favor of assuming the worst.”
Behind them what’s left of the center seems to flicker. One moment it’s there, and the next it isn’t. Then it’s there again.
They’re only halfway to the trees. They’re not going to make it. They’re coming up on the outer perimeter and the uniforms there are swinging their guns in the same confused way as those behind them, but passing them doesn’t seem like a great idea. Not anymore.
“Why the hell not?”
“We weren’t expecting any Temporal Division guys back here until tomorrow.”
“What happened!” Dean questions.
They don’t look much better than Dean is sure he does. Charlie stops mid knock when he opens the door, dropping her arm and smiling at him wearily. Sam is looming over her shoulder, giant kid that he is. It's not until he's looking at them and realizing there isn't another car in the driveway that he realizes they must have taken a rideshare or something since Charlie's car is still stuck at the center. He makes a mental note to pay whoever back later.
“What are you saying? What is he saying?” Dean looks at Cas, who looks sick now. No one answers him.
Dean swallows at a sudden stab of guilt. That’s not what they’re here for. That’s not what any of this is about.
The perimeter guards pause all at once, some of them with hands going to their ears like they’re listening.
Once Dean and Cas have slipped back into the research wing amid the confusion of the power outage Charlie must have caused, they know when they’ve found what they’re looking for. They know when even the red emergency lights disappear, and the alarms and mechanical sounds stop. Dean is pretty sure it’s cooler here, too.
Why does he seem so familiar? Is this another new string he doesn’t understand yet, or is it an old one Dean has forgotten?
“No, no they can’t have done it themselves. I think—I think it just—happened. Obviously TempCo knew, they’re not letting anyone in here, but...at least, I hope they didn’t do this on purpose somehow.”
Dean crosses his arms tightly, trying to listen. It occurs to him that it could be an SI security detail from their own time looking for them here. They could have fallen through too.
Singer curses just as the floor shifts under their feet. Dean has never felt an earthquake, but Ihe imagines this is what it would feel like. There are exclamations around them as Dean loses his balance and tips into Cas. They hold each other up out of instinct while the ceiling starts dropping dust on their heads and the sounds of building materials grinding together assaults their ears.
Dean has to admit to himself he hadn’t really thought that far.
“So what, it...broke off? Multiplied?” Dean asks. He doesn’t pretend to know how, but…
“You want us to thank you?” Cas asks.
—not that the first time was on purpose—and he still hardly knows anything about him.
He lets out a breath and looks over Dean’s shoulder, squinting again at the spot where he supposedly disappeared. “If it’s not too far before, we can go back—use it to get out of here—but we can’t change anything.”
“How bad?” he asks. “How is this even here? They can’t have made another Anomaly, can they? We don’t even know where the first one came from!”
“Probably.”
Cas heads back for the cars. “They have implants,” he says as he goes. “The entire force out there. It must be a requirement for them. All of the police and most of the emergency personnel have them too. That should take care of
Dark figures spill from the next corridor to surround them, flashlights shining in their faces, and some of them have guns. For a moment Dean is afraid we were wrong; afraid they’re cornered again.
bringing up that it was the two of them. Together. In the future. It doesn’t necessarily mean they were
“What’s it doing?” Dean asks in shock.
“Over-taxing the Anomaly,” he nods. He looks at Dean, and they both glance at Dean’s hand on his shoulder. Cas looks quickly back out at the equipment bay, but he doesn’t pull away.
Cas’s eyebrows go up. “That’s a really good question, actually. I don’t know.”
“Where did you go?” Cas asks as he lets go.
“Is it safe?”
Cas. He catches Dean’s arms, steadying them both from the rebound of the impact, and Dean can
Finally Cas ducks out, pushing Dean out ahead of him and spinning back to quickly shut the door and lock it with Mills inside.
he’s imagining that. They pick up speed as their eyes adjust, but Dean is still too busy trying not to trip to ask more questions. He doesn’t dare let go of Cas, sometimes even reaching up to grab at the shoulder of his jacket with his free hand to steady himself, but he lets his eyes wander.
“Either they got through anyway, or it’s not them,” Cas says, echoing Dean’s thoughts. His tone is curious. Fascinated. But it all fades to reluctant disappointment as he continues. “Still, you’re right. We should go. No time to make a better plan now.”
Cas shrugs, looking away. “If we find a crack that leads to some time a reasonable distance from where we were we should probably take the chance, but we’ll have to lay low until it happens. We can’t do anything until we get back to when we left.”
“What they call the cracks like the one we fell through, I’m guessing,” he answers quietly.
Dean takes a breath. “So...you don’t think they were us. Not
“If something went horribly wrong with the time calling technology,” Castiel sighs. “Which they seemed to be trying to tell us. To be honest, it doesn’t surprise me as much as it probably should. I’ve been suspecting TempCo bit off more than they could chew, the way they’ve been using the Anomaly, transmitting an increasing number of calls through it over the years...I imagine the answer lies in whatever we’re supposed to find. They mentioned evidence.”
Now that they’re out of the car and there’s more room to appreciate how the dark suit Cas changed into fits him...well, Dean’s trying
He raises his hands and sinks back into his seat beside Dean.
“Freeze! That was a warning, but I
“I will.”
him. There are lights now, and the sounds of the building running, and no bugs and no breeze.
“I can’t believe I agreed to this…”
“I know that voice,” Dean says suddenly.
“Were they trying to blow up the machinery?” he wonders aloud.  “Whoever it was…”
Cas starts nodding, but that only confuses Dean more. If he’s right, why can’t they stop the attacks?
“I don’t know,” he admits.
Dean may not be afraid of Singer for whatever odd reason, but he’s damn sure afraid of the people he may work for. He’d really rather not be locked up as a suspect of terrorism either, though. Sam would not be happy.
“Well what are
“Ruston only got its own center about ten years ago, I think…” He trails off as he realizes that doesn’t help much.
Is this what he’s spent so much time waiting for?
Cas looks at Dean. Dean just shrugs, and Cas smiles a little and goes back to his tablet.
“What?”
Singer is still standing up at the back, bracing himself on a metal crossbar in the canopy and watching the center himself. “It does that sometimes,” he says, glancing back at them. “Time soup. The weaknesses in the time-space barriers reach their limit and they give up for a while. Thankfully they find some sort of equilibrium eventually and fix themselves to some degree, or we’d all be dead by now.”
“I don’t think I’ll have a problem with that…”
“People! It was normal!”
my name. Agent Mills’s, too. Since you decided it was a good idea to impersonate us.” He pauses short of the table, looks them up and down, and glances back to his partner. “I don’t see the resemblance, do you?”
Dean ducks when he hears the first gunshot. Cas takes a step back to get a hand behind his shoulders and propel him forward, but Dean doesn’t really think that’s going to help. Behind them there’s shouting, the extra voices falling away until it’s just one calling them to stop.
Charlie speaks up through their comms, having been instructed not to talk to them until they were out of sight and earshot of any guards—unless it was an emergency. Thankfully there hasn’t been one yet. She’s been listening, as has Sam. The plan was for the comm loop to stay open to all of them once they were inside.
He takes a deep breath or two as Sam pulls the car to a halt halfway up the drive, where the police holo-tape stops them. Two men from the outer perimeter are already approaching the car.
It doesn’t help that Castiel flashes that almost-smile back at him. Most of it’s in his eyes, but that doesn’t make it any less effective.
Singer motions to the uniforms, and they drag Cas and Dean after him. He’s already turned his back on Bevell, waving a dismissive hand. He opens a back door, and ushers Mills in ahead of him. Dean can just make out their quiet exchange.
. What are we supposed to do?”
“Fine,” he grouses. It’s better than the threat of being locked away for something they didn’t do or killed by some kind of corporate mob for knowing too much, or something equally shitty. “Next time we’re bringing rope or something…”
“Freeze!”
“I know what I said,” Dean whispers, “but how can they
He tries. It takes a moment to focus on the tone of the calls, but Cas is right. It doesn’t sound hostile.
It’s not the Singer they left behind. This one is older—face more lined, hair more gray. He’s certainly not wearing a suit; the jeans and dark collared work shirt are far from it.
“I want you to tell me what you’re doing here. Who you are would be nice, too.” He shrugs. “Or, I can hand you over to Ms. Bevell. But she
Singer curses quietly. “They were hoping to get to you a little sooner—give you more of a warning,” he says aloud. “Do you know where they are?”
, exactly,” Dean ventures, when Cas doesn’t answer.
So it can’t be them. Undoubtedly Singer or Mills or Bevell and their people wouldn't sound concerned the way these voices do. So who is it?
Then Dean realizes one of the holo-screens closest to the door hasn’t entirely shut off. The projection base on the wall is humming, sparking. Mills notices and starts to shift away from it, but then it blows.
past we shouldn’t interact with the future either, should we?”
Cas stops at the last tree on the center’s property, the edge of the manicured lawns and gardens before the open space between them and the woods, between them and Charlie and safety. He stops them on the far side of it, out of Singer’s line of sight, but the perimeter guards are
Cas nudges him back out into the corridor. “We can’t let Singer see us.”
Charlie grins. “Easier to blend into a crowd, yeah?”
” Sam asks.
Cas makes a face, his fingers freezing for a moment over his tablet.
Cas squeezes his hand. “Don’t let go, and everything should be fine. Be ready to pull me back?”
,” Charlie says.
Dean swallows hard. “We’ll be fine,” he says softly.
Then he remembers they didn’t know when they were. These people know at least what year it is.
“It’ll have to do,” Cas says, serious again. “And, Dean…”
“Tell me this is worth it,” he says quietly, after a few seconds of silence. He doesn't look at Cas, and he’s half surprised he actually heard him.
They stumble into a stairwell and down two flights of stairs, fumbling in the more complete darkness of the closed area. When they push through the door at the bottom they burst into light again, and Dean squints in the sudden brightness. The lights have returned, and the building’s sounds, and everything is so loud. It takes him a moment to realize he’s hearing alarms. There are alarms now.
“Time,” he says.
“You’re saying that like I’ll disagree. I don’t. I don’t get all organizational like Sam did with the Junior PACTT stuff, but I’m still pretty sure there’s something wrong with what we’re doing.”
Cas doesn’t take the bait. He’s already back to his work, his face tighter than before in the light from his screens.
He’s right. When Dean considers why, he knows what they have to do.
“What the—!”
“No, not that way. Listen.”
“I’m hoping the breakdown hasn’t gone so far that we’ve made it into an entirely different timeline. The fact that it’s the same building is encouraging. Judging by the state of things I think it’s just the future.”
Dean realizes as they go that they’re making a rough diagonal back and toward the site where the second detonation occurred.
“Fantastic,” he groans. “What now?”
“The guy from yesterday?” Dean says, with no small amount of surprise. The guy Charlie bumped into at the center who’d been leaving with a woman. “Charlie, isn’t that…?”
“Guards at the door?” Dean asks.
They make it around the corner and through glass doors marked above by a silver-lettered sign indicating they’ve entered the research wing. The corridors are quiet and the walls here are white rather than gray. More sterile, if it weren’t for the dust and debris.
“But...that’s what we’ve been talking about, isn’t it? Maybe we really can. That’s what the other us are trying to do. They’re trying to change their past.”
“Shh!” Cas says again.
They talked for hours, and the most personal thing they got to after their dead parents was the coffee stuff this morning.
“We should look. There has to be a safe way to look.”
He goes back to his computers and Dean shakes his head and focuses on the road again. “And your research? What’s that about? Is it about your mom, and St. Louis?”
may not even have known. The other us. If they could change anything. You know, if we could.”
” Charlie yells in their ears. “
Whatever or wherever
“Oh, don’t tell me…” Singer says. He glances down at his holo-band, activates it on fourth-size, and shouts at whatever he sees. “We’ve got a major fluctuation coming; everybody out!”
“You know what we’re talking about?” Cas asks. “Then why didn’t they know when they were?”
Singer answers, his gruff voice short and snippy. “Doesn’t mean you’re magically not trespassing.”
“I know. I said it because
The uniforms at their sides reach for their ears. Dean bats away the groping hands and pulls his comm away from his skin himself to hand it over, smacking it into the waiting palm with a glare. Cas does much the same, and then they’re alone. No more Charlie, and no more Sam.
Dean stops. “Cas?” he whispers, spinning in place. There’s no answer. “Cas! Where’d you go?”
“Why here?” Dean asks suddenly.
With enough light now to see to that corner, Dean sprints for it, but just before he rounds it he bounces off a body.
“Yes. Readings.”
“Oh,” Cas says. “Well, that’s not good.”
Chilled, Dean snaps the holo-band display back off. He’s already twitching, leaning toward the door, wanting to get moving. He doesn't know which way they should go.
“Ten years is a long time if it goes all the way back to the beginning,” Cas points out.
“I’ve got it. She’s sharing. Look…”
“There’s still a lot of people out there,” Dean reminds him when he glances at the office door.
The uniformed guy looks at them funny, but Cas just smiles. “Driver’s been with us; long day for him.”
What were they doing here? Did they know the attacks would happen? Were they investigating? Were they trying to prevent it, or were they part of it?
Dean curses, reaching out in the dim emergency lighting to connect with Cas’s sleeve and follow it down to his hand.
In fact, some of the voices sound worried. And they’re calling their names.
“I’d introduce myself,” Singer says, approaching us with his arms crossed, “but it appears you already
Cas actually laughs, and for just a second Dean does too.
no offense intended…” He trails off because that makes absolutely no sense, and he knows it, and they’re all staring at him. Charlie’s got that pinch between her eyes again.
“It’s opening now!” one of them is saying.
Hopefully it works.
,” Charlie says. They’re all hearing her through the private comm loop she made between the four of them. “
“As much as we can,” Cas agrees.
“See?” Cas whispers. “It works. We just have to get past the other two down the hall.”
“What?” Cas says again.
“We got a call!” he shouts. Now they stop.
Charlie rubs at one of her temples. “They also said they were trying to transfer files with real proof to my implant. But they failed.”
That isn’t an answer. Cas spins and races around the corner in the direction they were supposed to be going, seemingly forgetting anything about being quiet, and Dean is pretty sure he isn’t listening anymore.
“There haven’t been any attacks yet; they won’t be as suspicious,” I insist. “We just tell them we got lost; we’ll be fine.”
Cas gets to his feet, but Mills shouts him down, motioning sharply with the barrel of her pistol. “Hey! Sit! Now!”
Dean stops talking when Cas stops squinting. His eyes have gone wide instead.
“Dean!” The voice he thought he recognized is directly in front of him. Dean has a hand up to protect his eyes from the bright light, but it begins to lower. “Thank god, you…”
He doesn't know why he suddenly cares so much.
When he makes it, he
“They can’t hear us from this far, but I’m sure they’ve got magnification; they could see us if they had an inclination to look this way. Stay behind the trees.”
“Will we be them? Do we have to be? I mean, I don’t
“I really hate it when you say that, you know. Last time you said that things exploded.”
There’s no answer, but Cas steps back on his own, quickly, cursing and nearly knocking him over.
“Quiet!” Singer snaps. His aim swings back and forth between the two of them. “Both of you! Hand over the comms,
“Then what do we do?” he asks.
“Yes?” He doesn’t look up, and he doesn’t seem to mind the nickname any more than his counterpart did.
Despite the roiling in Dean’s stomach, they get by without much to-do at all. One of the black-uniformed men takes a quick glance at their ID chips and ushers them by—after a brief incident in which Dean activates his upside-down, quickly corrects and kicks himself inwardly. He has a distinct feeling Cas would have smirked at him if he could, and only didn’t because that would have been suspicious.
“Is it some sort of system malfunction?” the first one asks. “The explosions—”
Dean sighs, trying to get a little more attention out of him. “Please make sense. This isn’t Star Trek.”
If there is proof TempCo is causing problems—problems like whatever caused the St. Louis disaster—he wants to know. He
“Uh...reasonably. Enough.”
is now? What have we fallen
” Dean grumbles.
Halfway down the ground shakes again. The chunk of concrete under Dean’s feet is falling away but Cas snatches him back to stand on the metal girder he’s holding on to. When the movement stops they inch over and continue down.
change things, if we went back we could stop the attacks!”
“Definitely not,” Cas agrees.
“What?”
They’ve been in the dark so long Dean is squinting immediately, but he can still make out the forms of technicians and people in lab coats. The normal activity around him. Some of them turn to look.
“I know. Monitoring for time-space distortions. But
, Temporal Communications has been lying to us.”
“Not until we have everyone!” Singer growls.
Dean drops down onto one of the metal benches in the back of the truck. Cas squeezes into what little room there is beside him.
Dean breathes a small sigh of relief when Sam takes the cue and drives off.
“They really are ahead of schedule,” Cas says tightly.
“Maybe, but if we make a mistake I’d rather they just think we’re one of theirs somewhere we’re not supposed to be—not outright intruders.”
Cas doesn’t look up as he starts in on the computer. “Yes, but they won’t have any proof. Charlie’s making sure nothing recorded of us through implants or security cameras or anything else is saved anywhere. There will be no record of us.”
“Fissure?” Dean whispers to Cas.
“Do it from somewhere else,” Cas whispers. “Keep moving or they’ll trace you. If they take our comms, cut us from the loop and figure something else out.”
It doesn’t make any sound. There’s no light from the distortion. But it’s so
” Charlie demands.
“I know that! What’s wrong with that?”
“What?”
Someone points at him in alarm and opens their mouth to cry intruder.
Dean gets up from the pathetic couch, reluctantly, when there’s a knock on the front door of the house at about 6:45. Castiel lets him go for the door first, presumably because there’s no one else it should be other than Charlie and Sam.
“We keep going,” Cas says finally, quietly. It comes out uneven. “Hopefully we’ll fall back through like you did before.”
“You do,” Cas says.
“No kidding,” Dean swallows.
Jesus, are they really in the
“What happened?”
He tripped over a gun.
Singer finally takes a seat on the floor of the truck; the benches are full. “We’re never sure. Days, weeks...it depends.” His face is drawn. Guarded.
“Shut up,” Singer snaps.
Singer studies him, and one eyebrow goes up. He almost smiles, but instead he grimaces. “No. They can’t. And you can’t get home, either.”
“I hope so.”
The jeep has already gotten a head start, and now the trucks follow, lumbering over the grass toward a fence around the call center property that didn’t exist in their own time. It’s old-fashioned, just high chain-link and barbed wire. The vehicles bounce off the grass and onto the long driveway, and speed out toward the road. A gate is open in the fence there.
do? Are there other new ones? Shurley Industries has been hiding it for a reason, and there’s no way to know if they had help keeping it under wraps.
They glance at each other and shrug.
Dean glances at Cas’s holoband screen. It looks like the police and investigators are still there, but a new force of armed men in black combat uniforms circles the site’s grounds.
Castiel had just finished setting out the kids’ snack, ready for their return from the bathroom, when Donna slipped into the room.
And when the clock finally tore them back to their respective lives, Castiel left Dean with his number and a promise for a dinner later that week.
It only took a couple of steps before he heard the gentle call. “Dean?” The whisper barely broke the steady thrum of the rain, but it was enough to stop Dean in his tracks.
It had been even worse for Cas, because he hadn’t even been able to
So, at noon on the dot, I was in the school parking lot, leaning on my car.
Hannah nodded silently.
“I had to,” Dean admitted. “We belong to each other.”
Castiel grinned wickedly. "Patience, Dean. It's a virtue." He bent down to brush his lips over Dean's, his smile turning soft. "And you've made me wait all week, so I'm just returning the favor."
“Me too,” Dean whispered.
“What was me?” Dean asked distractedly, his gaze still on Cas’s lips.
I rolled my eyes. “Ok, I’m sure there are plenty of available spots
The shrill ring of the school bell was just announcing the start of another day as Castiel strode through the double front doors and headed for his locker. He smiled at a few people, waved at others, stopped to talk to a couple girls from his Econ class about their assignment for that afternoon.
Castiel’s eyes shot up to meet Dean’s, his expression soft and grateful. “That’s what he used to always say, too.”
“The field you told Ana about,” she began. “Describe it to me.”
We returned home wearing our matching bands.
Dean poked his head into the playroom, a fond smile stretching across his face when he saw Cas passed out in the rocking chair. He stepped up beside the sleeping omega.
