Still not looking at him, Steve shrugged. Different? No, maybe not. But they'd have been together, and to him it would have been important, and he knew – thought –
A pang of pity in Tony's chest caught him by surprise. It was hardly possible for him to really understand Steve's feeling of displacement in the 21st century. It was there, he knew, but he could never penetrate the outer membrane of it. But now, here, where the past was almost alive...
They walked out of the gym after that, side by side, and there wasn't much to say. Steve didn't know why he was feeling lighter, since nothing was actually resolved, but he was, and for now that would do.
He had apparently nobly decided to ignore Tony's state of undress. Only, it wasn't working, not exactly. He was speaking in a mildly strained voice that Tony badly wanted to be able to brush aside.
he needed from Steve was a whole another story. For whatever reason, that was never happening. (And still Steve came chasing after him, and Tony had no idea what
Darryl's brow furrowed for a moment. Then, after what seemed like an eternity of thinking, he shrugged. "He's all right." He seemed oddly distracted. He kept glancing over Steve's shoulder, as if he was expecting someone.
Rhodey shoved a hand into his pocket. "Oh, good," he said, and seemed to have forgotten what he was about. Carol sneaked a questioning look at Tony, who shrugged helplessly. Something seemed to be the matter, but it didn't seem particularly serious.
What Steve says is: "If you actually want me here, I don't give a shit about the West Coast." His voice is unexpectedly fierce. And then: "Do you? Want me here."
." Still, very quickly he went back to serious. "It doesn't really matter, anyway. Maybe I'm just lonely. And going a little bit insane, just like everyone else."
; a longing to be pinned down and thoroughly fucked mixed with a softer, darker yearning to be kept right there, on the verge, and teased to the edge of his life until he started whimpering. Steve caught his eye, then lowered his head and napped at the soft spot on the inner side of Tony’s knee, at the same time rotating the finger inside. On second thought, the whimpering phase wasn’t so far at all.
"I'm getting out of here on my own two feet, or as close to that as possible, thanks" he said. And then, quickly: "But you can hold my hand in the car. If you want to."
Tony: I fucking asked if it was helping because I wanted to know if being busy is helping because I'm fucking TRYING TO HELP, although I sometimes really, really want to deck you for being an insufferable idiot.
"Oh, it's valid," he says. "It's just that I don't care." He pauses. Is it weird that he wants to go and discuss the 2012 with Natasha in detail now? It must be the booze talking.
Way to bungle this, Rogers. "It's not like that at all," I said quickly. "I do want to get to know you better. That's the... That's the whole point." Of me being here, I wanted to say, where I have no idea what I'm doing. He wasn't the Tony I knew, but he
They kept their distance, used their numbers smartly, and utilized their weapons to the full advantage. Tony missed the suit more than ever. It was an acute burning itch, that urge to take off towards them and get this
," Steve shoots right back, and what he doesn't have in cute nickname invention department, he sure makes up with sugary voice and big heart eyes directed at Tony. Suddenly, Tony is extremely happy Steve had ignored him earlier in the day. Had this game gone on for longer than a few minutes, it could have slipped out of hand
The hurt was mitigated by the fact that he himself had done exactly the same thing to Steve, and also by the fact that he was standing there in Steve's jacket. Steve's jacket that Steve had given him, Steve's jacket that smelled of Steve. It made Tony's head spin a little.
So. Not very long now. They were crouching behind a big filing cabinet. Tony was keenly aware of how close they were to each other, but where the air between them had seemed almost charged at one point, now he mostly just drew comfort from the proximity. Intensely, he wished Steve were somewhere far away from here, but at the same time, on a purely selfish level, it was so good Steve was here. If he had to share these last moments with someone, Tony was glad it was him.
have approved those dolls." It took no time at all for Tony's reaction to turn into mild outrage, and it was the two of them all over again, the way they were now: misunderstandings, awkwardness, and outrage. Throw in some disappointment and there you were. Their favorite combo. Were they always like that. Tony couldn't remember any more. "
Tony: Well, no. For his own safety. And also, the Sourbear would have disapproved. He'd have told me to screw you.
Tony half-nodded in his direction as he slowed down a bit on a particularly tricky section of the road. "Go ahead," he said, almost a challenge.
And just like that, Tony and Steve were left alone. It was perhaps a ridiculous thing to think, in an overcrowded landing bay turned field hospital, but that was how it seemed to Tony.
Individual flying classes were by far the easiest battleground. The flight generator was old, and the controls were stiffer than what Tony was used to in the top of the line planetside flyers he liked back home. The space was bigger than a cockpit too, so that the instructor had enough room to move around a bit, to correct this move or that turn. And, apart from the bluish, flickering lights of the faux control panel, it was dark inside.
"You are not skiing off into the night, alone, in the middle of a blizzard, you ass," Tony snapped, at the same time as Steve said: "I'm not leaving you here sick, with no electricity, miles away from civilization."
“Tony..” Steve began with a sigh, then seemingly changed his mind. “Yeah. I’ll... I’ll leave after breakfast.”
Which... He had a point, in a way. Got it in the open, yeah. Like pulling your heart out of your chest, and putting it on scales, and finding out it didn't measure up. It wasn't enough,
,” Tony said, with far more fierceness than he’d intended. He practically felt Steve’s next shiver vibrate through his own bones. He scooted a little closer, reached up. He needed to focus his will just to raise his hand, but he squeezed Steve’s shoulder over the blanket, and then tried to give him a clumsy, one-handed rub. And by now he was pretty sure his senses weren’t deceiving him. Because Steve leaned into the touch, he
"It's only been two days since the gala, you sap," he said, flippantly, unconvincingly. Mellowed it down with a long, soft look. He knew it was not what Steve meant.
train, and she brought me here. So, I suppose I'm here because doing anything else just didn't seem plausible. Does that make sense to you?"
Tony shrugged blithely. "He's just worried that I'm picking up ripped young highlanders by the roadside... Although I got a feeling the only heights you saw until recently were Brooklyn Heights, am I right?"
Of all things in the permeating sense of urgency, Tony really didn't have time to worry about the uncalled-for stab of hurt at this. Thor turned to the right.
Looking away from the road, Tony glanced his way, but couldn't see anything in the darkness and fleeting shadows. Nevertheless he seemed to come to a conclusion and nodded to himself. "Yeah," he says. "I think I know what you mean." And, strangely enough, Steve sensed it was true.
Despite its picturesque qualities, though, the snow – falling ever stronger – would make the trip into sightseeing in Arctic hell. Tony could feel the lack of sleep, grainy and gritty in his eyes.
He went very still. Things were getting from worrisome to truly urgent. This could easily represent a real, palpable danger for the whole ship. It needed fixing quickly, if it wasn't too late already.
"I'd like that," Steve said, just as softly, but his stance wasn't changing, he wasn't relaxing. Which – understandable, Tony thought, but he nevertheless felt a trickle of sadness in his heart. He wanted Steve to trust him. He wanted Steve to trust him unreasonably, inexplicably, completely, even though he didn't know Tony and even though Tony had been lying to him, or at least concealing the truth. "I know all about waiting too long. Trust me," Steve added.
Tony knew instantly what he was talking about. "I wasn't going to throw your art away, was I?" he said, trying for dryness and failing spectacularly. Yep. There was the high-pitch. The high-pitch seemed inevitable. The sooner he got it out of the way, the better.
, because Tony is a nerd and of course he's read up on the subject last night. A few times during the conversation, Tony thinks Steve's grip on his waist tightens, but it makes no sense to him.
"Yeah," Tony said. As he toyed with the panel, checking, reconnecting, trying, he was doing his best not to look at him. "The elevator got screwy because the gravitational field on the tech deck got screwy." He kept babbling, providing unnecessary explanations so that he would stop his thoughts from reeling. They really had more pressing problems than some vestigial sexual tension. Still, he felt... wanted. The sensation was searing the skin off his back, made his towel feel sorely inadequate.
, but a spark in Steve's eyes was definitely irreverent. Only, with him, it was usually the lips that won the round, and Tony was kind of getting lost in his own metaphors now... Still, one thing was for sure. Steve never let go completely of his Captain persona, at least not that Tony saw. It was always somewhere in the back, waiting to step out like a frowning guardsman and warn Tony to keep his distance.
Well, fine, it's not exactly like that, but that's how it seems to Steve. They brief each other, very efficiently. It's all business, business, business. The only remotely personal remark of Tony's is "The beard's new." Steve wishes he can think of something better to say than "Humpf".
He'd put himself in a vulnerable position, so now he was making me pay for it, obviously.  I had this terrible urge to somehow imprint the way I felt about him directly into his mind;  I wanted to take him by the shoulders and shake him and repeat
"Some." There was something more to Tony's offhand comment, it occurred to Steve all of a sudden. He looked at Tony, really looked, at all the nooks and crannies of his face, the circles around his eyes, the tiny new lines that weren't all age. Tony opened his mouth to speak, but Steve beat him to it for once. "You've been trough much more crap than he," he said. "At least back when I knew him. And it..." For a long moment, he thought hard of what he was going to say next. Inhaled. "In my experience, it either turns people hard or it gives them compassion. When all's said and done, I think you came out a lot kinder than Howard ever was."
Tony's fear was cold and clammy like Steve's skin had been. He didn't like this. He didn't like the way Steve's mind wandered; he disliked his slipping in and out of focus, his disjointed words. He didn't like any of it at all. And when he was afraid, he wasn't the most pleasant person in the world.
Cap didn't dislike him, not exactly, he decided. The man was supposedly fair, or so everyone said; that entailed not making preemptive judgments, didn't it? Only, Tony wasn't presenting himself in the best of lights either, coming here, getting tipsy, being a jerk to Hammer yet
He pinched the bridge of his nose, took a deep breath. "Can you just... Look, just tell me next time, whatever it is, just fucking tell me, okay? Just assume I... just
. That was still me, I think, back then." I figure it's about then that time our universes diverged, but as per usual, I can't be. sure
Steve nodded just once. Tony nodded back. Something unspoken passed between them, and for the life of him Steve couldn't tell what it was, but he knew breaking eye contact would feel like a loss. It lasted for a few seconds, and then somehow, everything seemed to flow more smoothly.
He turned to look at Steve, who was striding toward him, looking strangely resolute and a little bit like he was going to fall apart on the spot.
. Put some Berger waves to a good use for once in his life. And all of a sudden, Steve's lips were on his, hot, insistent, desperate, scared. And there was fervent hope there, and a whole burning sea of tenderness, and to tell the truth, he had no idea what was his and what was Steve's any more, but if just kissing was going to feel like
He tenses at that, so I let go of him at once; I'm about to step back and start apologizing – this is not my Tony, I don't even know what this Tony thinks of me. I don't know what happened here...
?" That's the first thing Tony says. "You're telling me you've been working with Fury all this time? On the Q.T.? And
differed. Okay, they weren't the same person now, but had he been the man I fell in love with ten years ago? I wanted to find out. It didn't
How I slipped from one timeline to another? Of course. Of course he would want to do that. Of course he would try to figure out how to go to his daughter that wasn't his daughter and offer his paternal services, so to say.
“Hurry, damn you.” Tony’s voice was creaky, his throat dry. One finger, in the beginning, was the worst, he’d always said that. That feeling of being uncomfortably full and then, ate the same time, not full enough, not nearly enough.
to you, each one of you, is that... that Steve... that Steve Rogers and the others are trying to act in the best interest of the common people too. To protect the little man. The weak and the helpless. Never out of desire for power. Never for politics. Just to... to prevent a greater evil. As they see it. And they usually
"We're checking into a different hotel," Steve decides, once they are clear, and Tony insists they pick at least a moderately nice one this time.
And then a more melancholy, more honest thought fought for elbow room in his mind: They could do it now, and then he'd have had
Just as he was getting to the hole, the head surfaced again, gasping, gasping for air. Tony put his feelings on a back burner. He slowed down abruptly, hovering above. Steve looked up at him, blinked in incomprehension. His hair was wet, his face very red.
Natasha and Steve were sitting by one of the cooking fires, sipping watered wine, when she decided to bring up his slip regarding the real names and battle names. Steve flushed bright red with embarrassment. This caused a flare of amusement in Natasha's chest (or maybe it was just plain relief, she couldn't be sure). Then he began to tell her what had happened to him.
Stark just looked at him. Steve found his gaze drawn to those big brown eyes, shining with intelligence. There was no impertinence there for the moment.
After that one, the drawings got less frequent, and what there was, was done mostly from memory. The lines got vaguer, more general. Tony had left The Avengers.
"I just," Tony said. Because he didn't know how to say that he'd got worried. That asking and poking seemed
"Yeah," Steve says. "Well, you know, maybe it's like that, even if we're talking about friendship. And I
It was a joke, and Tony knew it. Why did Cap have to do it today, of all days, that Tony had decided not to pursue this and leave him alone? Why couldn't he just be his usual, serious self? Did Tony's casual comments have exactly the opposite effect than intended?
At the very same moment, the looming man bent down and the outline of his head appeared, framed by the car window. Tony couldn't see the face in the dark, though, just a shaggy head of hair and a beard. "Sir, are you all right?" the head said, way more polite than Tony and in a distinctly Newyorky accent.
, and as the bright lights in my head came to life, warm  and molten  and perfect, one after another, I thought:
, he corrected himself, no one called them papers anymore. But that was one of the things that took him aback at first. It was next to impossible to be anonymous today. For Steve, this was wild and incomprehensible – why would people trade their privacy for convenience? He loved how useful the new technology could be, though.
"Group, actually. Singular." Tony was beginning to wonder if you were supposed to tip staff in royal palaces, and if this was all due to the fact that he hadn't.
He almost made it to the door before Toy said, "Cap." Then nothing else. Steve turned. Tony had a peculiar expression on his face. He hesitated. "Look, I know I'm a pain in the ass when I'm sick..."
Those were her exact words, and then she refused to say anything more on the subject. I finally managed to get Tony to slow down enough to hear me out, but that was only a bit later, after he'd got tired of grilling me for answers. By that point we were aimlessly walking up and down Bleecker Street. I repeated her words. The Sanctum Sanctorum was shut tight, anyway, at least for us, and no one was answering Tony's phone calls. Stephen Strange's photo hung uselessly on the screen of Tony's phone, as it rang and rang. "I hate the asshole," Tony said without much steam left. He was done with frustrated yelling, and now he just looked tired.
The relief felt strange, like letting out a breath that had gone stale in his lungs without him noticing at all. "Yeah," he said, and because he suddenly felt he could, he added, "I almost kissed Stark today."
This was how what techs lovingly called their speak-easy was born. An underused storage space was adapted. Now it was always stuffy and packed with people. It was loud in that special, infuriating way that came from no one shouting and
. Of course, looking back now, it was easy to be smart and insightful and full of self-irony. The hurt still burned hot in Tony's heart. Because – and he knew this was probably unfair, but he didn't give a flying fuck – he had had this idea firmly entombed in his head, this image of Cap as a perfect friend, an immovable rock of goodness, someone who could never fail you (judge you, yeah, but you somehow got the impression he had the right to). Someone who could be obstinate and rigorous, perhaps, but wouldn't let you down.
"Let me reiterate," Natasha said slowly. "On the first day of school you took one of your little students and put him in front of the class and let him lecture the others? Gods, Steve, as if he doesn't stand out as it is. They're going to either start worshiping him or eat him alive."
The idea had snuck up on him at a weirdest moment, after he woke Bruce up and went behind the outhouse to throw up for a bit, for fun. And he couldn't start to explain to himself how come he never thought of
That was what people whispered about him, and what do you know, perhaps they were right.) In any case, he could see it clear as day. Whatever course the events took, whatever the two of them did, Steve was going to stay here, and probably end up with a bullet in his brain.
"I don't think I'll be kicking through anything much any time soon." And there it was. The underlying note of weariness Steve'd been hiding and Tony'd been half-aware of since the beginning. Another piece of the puzzle. "But we should review the facts we got, Tony. Stop wasting time."
"Blood pressure dropping," Friday informed him. At the same time Steve took a long breath – so okay, thank god, at least he didn't drop dead on Tony, which wasn't unknown to happen after a rescue from ice water. But: "I detect faint arrhythmia, boss."
This was probably my longest speech ever, including my inadequate attempts to boost the team's morale before battles. Even Tony had stopped trying to make light, and now he just nodded.
Steve paused. Considered. If Fury gave you a compliment, you savored it, because it was probably the only one you were going to get from him. If he said this much, it meant something. Steve didn't ask why Stark was kicked out of the academy – which one of the stories was true – because that was classified and perhaps it was better not to know. It didn't matter now. Clean slates.
Steve  couldn't stop looking at Stark. He tried desperately to hide it, to keep an impassive face and avoid his eyes, but his gaze was magnetically drawn to the man. It wasn't about physical appearance, although Stark's was pleasant enough. It had something to do with the way Stark sprawled in his chair, all effortlessness and easy smiles and ironic glances at his fellow cadets. It was as if he owned not only the chair itself, but also the briefing room and everyone in it. It tickled something inside Steve, and he didn't know if it was irritation or a prickle of curiosity.
Tony: I thought I'd mentioned something? Although I seem to remember that talk on the airport wasn't a happy place for sharing any kind of information, in either direction.
Tony: You know, I keep thinking how I should have found this out earlier. About the super-soldier serum. About the experiments. Technically, I had all the data. And I KNEW how awfully invested Ross was in having a superpowered team at his back and call, essentially. That was what he wanted, that was what he tried to make happen. By any means necessary.
They've always worked together well. They've always understood each other practically without words, as long as it was about work and absolutely nothing else. On the field, they are a well-oiled machine. Outside of it, no mechanic in the world can fix them, apparently. There is no blueprint on this Earth that would help them understand each other better.
But then Tony’s helmet retracted into his suit and, quick as a thought, he pecked Steve on the cheek and fled into the skies. It happened almost too fast to be properly appreciated, but the ghost of Tony’s lips still burned on Steve’s face like fire. No, not like fire. Like sweet, painful kiss of hot chocolate on your tongue when you’re too impatient to wait for it to cool off. And Steve stood, looking up, one hand raised in goodbye, long after Tony became just a distant speck in the sky.
"There, huh," Tony says, although Steve isn't paying much attention, really. In his head he can almost hear how Tony would say it in his own voice, self-satisfied and slightly amused. But as it is, it sounds just as mechanical and monotonous as everything else.
"Hey," I said, and I think I sounded guarded despite my attempt at some kind of casual cheerfulness.
Chief blinked, made an apparent effort to focus on the conversation. "He's not a soldier," he went on, as if every word cost him money. "But you know that already, sir. And these days no one is. So that's pretty much it, I think."
"I basically just wanted to go and take care of my kid," he told me. "How's that bad? How can that be such a wrong thing to do?" And then, without waiting for me to reply (thankfully, because what could I say to that?), he went on: "And I know she's not
Somehow, my hands were on his shoulders, steadying him. He had gone pale and he suddenly looked older. "Tony are you all right?"
," Tony said with a slight emphasis, as if Steve had hovered there staring into his eyes for too long. (Tony's eyes had first been afire, then they turned into small puddles of sadness, but now they seemed refocused, lively once more.), "what I
Natasha rolled her eyes so hard; it was just for him, and it almost made him feel all warm and fuzzy.
"Star scholars of old tell us there are many worlds besides the one we live in, and there is a myriad of ways to be transported there," Bruce said as he came to sit beside them. "Of course", he added mildly, "that might be a pile of complete horseshit and we wouldn't know. But." He inclined his head.
He shot me a surprised look, but whether because of the apparent non sequitur or because I'd slipped with the pronouns, I didn't know. "What?"
. Tony didn't stumble. He looked away himself, at once, and kept smiling, as blindingly as an explosion. At people. At everyone else.
Tony: Nope, and he's not going to either. We talked about it a little, in 'ifs' and 'maybes' and 'at some points'.
Tony: To prattle about how, according to his findings, the rift between you and me, as well as the Avengers splitting  apart,  is unraveling the fabric of this universe around our ears?
"So. You talking marriage, eh?" he said after he let go of me. He didn't say it with his usual animation, but he did make a valiant attempt.
Tony Okay, so just send something. You don't have to write words, I told you. Jesus fuck, just send a lolcatz meme once  a day or something
Thinking he can guess Steve's preferred route is probably pure arrogance on Tony's part. But if he knows Steve at all – does he? – he's gone out in order to clear his head, and he's gone down his favorite route, out of the Compound and down the country road to the nearby town.
Steve shot him a grateful look. "That makes it a little better, you know" he said. "Is it supposed to?" He paused for a second, laughed softly. "I kind of thought you just didn't want to talk to me." He took a sip of his beer. "Is that why you kept sending me all those videos and things all year?"
The very fact that he is naked and Tony isn't sends a tiny, pleasant thrill through Steve. This is what he dreamed of. A competent, sharp-spoken, no-nonsense Tony playing around with Steve's body. He'd never thought he'd get here, never thought Tony would be interested at all. But here he is, flogger in hand, running the pommel of the handle up and down Steve's torso, teasing, exploring, inspecting. He trails it softly down Steve's spine, pausing and circling lightly at the very top of the crack of Steve's ass, just enough to stir up the sensation. As soon as Steve gasps, he moves on. He runs it up his ribs, circles both his nipples. That feels amazing and Steve immediately wants more, but Tony just smirks at him and moves on once again. He's waking Steve's body up with light touches but purposefully leaving him aching for more.
Tony: And I have literally no one to put at the head of SI. Spidey's underage, Rhodey told me to stuff it, and I don't think they'd accept an android. Think there is any way to lure Thor back and make him take up the position? He's trustworthy and way shrewder than he pretends to be.
The hustle and bustle of the camp had died down a little. They had fallen silent too. She now covertly watched Steve as he regarded Tony from afar. "It's okay, Steve," she said, giving him a tiny smile. She gestured to where Tony was standing, temporarily distracted from inspecting the army. He always ended up where his heart was – among the armorers that were hammering and bending and stretching and repairing various metal things that interested Natasha strictly in the utilitarian sense. He was tearing into some smiths who weren't doing a satisfactory job. When he huffed in irritation and  took the mallet from one to
Combined with his semi-cheerful voice, this somehow made the guy feel real and a little vulnerable. Maybe he was very young? He sounded young. Damn Tony's protective impulses. He did have a soft spot for idiots with no instincts for self-preservation.
"Tony! Decided to honor us with your presence, have you now? How's life in the upper crust? Do tell, do tell." Hammer really couldn't let it go, but Tony decided not to play.
Looking at it rationally, he had, actually. Plentifully so. It was just me – insecure when it came to him, as ever. He was more expressive about it, too, than I could picture my Tony ever being, but I suppose that's what happens when people die on you. He'd lost his Steve, I'd lost my Tony. I expected we both had things we regretted not saying. Doesn't everyone? We couldn't afford to repeat that mistake.
Steve stepped towards him. Steve extended his hand. And Tony could only stare into his eyes, trying to penetrate his thoughts. (It's
Steve could still hear the alarm in Tony's voice when he said it earlier. And it made him feel guilty, but it also made him feel warm inside, that Tony apparently cared that much. Until recently, he'd thought Tony didn't want anything  to do with him whatsoever, ever again. Still, he now felt horrible that he'd caused Tony distress. All in all, he was a cocktail of mixed feelings, and it didn't taste very good at all.
, he thought over and over again. It was still difficult to believe that, for  the rest of his life, he'd be stuck living in a dormitory, together with people like Scott, Luis, Kurt, Dave, Gale and Dale; it was even more difficult to believe that, names notwithstanding, Dale was not a love child of Dave and Gale.
"Wait." Tony turned to glare at Thor, who had finally decided to join them, but Bruce nodded vigorously, so the red knight hesitated. "Listen," the wizard began, "we need a plan of action and we need to get carefully organized..." Tony just huffed, waved this off with a heavily armored hand and grabbed his huge bastard sword that was propped against the wall.
Tony: I don't like what medication does to me, at least the little I've tried. I know it does wonders for some people, but it just makes me sick and kinda addles me and fogs my mind. Also, my sexual drive goes to hell.
But, instead of talking, Steve snapped into action. When Tony had first found himself here, he had acted in exactly the same manner, examining everything, trying everything, looking for a way out. Now, after days and days, he knew there wasn't much he could do, but Steve was probably just captured and had a fresh portion of hope at his disposal.
All I've taken with me are the clothes I have on and my wallet, thick with photos. Phones are great, but I still like to have photos I can hold in my hand.
Before he could figure out what was happening, Steve was upon him, both hands on Tony's back, pulling him close, undeniably there, undeniably burning, his palms drawing wild, irregular paths into the map of Tony's back. His mouth was pushy, biting, bruising on Tony's. "You've no idea what I want or don't want," Steve whispered hoarsely.
Tony: I once broke down because I broke a crayon, did you know? Such a weird situation. Like, you push through shit, and then you break a crayon aaand you're like 'I can't do anything right, mwaaaa'.
Tony: the few people I've been in more or less serious relationships with, over the course of my life, HAD been my friends beforehand, so I probably do have a history of being fucking unable to distinguish between the two.
"Oh, fuck the stupid costume," Tony snapped half-heartedly, "and ditto for the bag. Buy a new bag." And he didn't want to be snapping at Steve; he wanted to pull him even closer, as if that was even possible, and to kiss him on the brow and to whisper
He just nodded. Some of his unhappiness must have shown on his face – he never knew how to hide it from Tony, anyway – because Tony paused, as if to say something else, but then he changed his mind and turned to go.
Of course they had had to experiment. There was no one around to restrain them. Richards had tentatively used the gate before, with a lot of calculation, to peer into a multitude of different worlds, but still hadn't developed a method of manipulating it reliably. He had also postulated something that he called the 'affinity principle'. Basically, if you connected yourself to the device, it let you find the worlds that were significant for you in some way, that attracted you, that were somehow akin to something in your mind. Basically, you subconsciously found the worlds you wanted or needed to see. It had sounded like bullshit to Tony, but hey, he now apparently had to get used to living in a world where timefog was a thing and you cold emit and receive Berger waves with your brain. Yay.
"You found it," Steve said, getting to his feet in his blanket. And then. "Oh, that looks like a..."
got booked for tonight. It's really never this busy around here," she adds. "We're fully booked for the weekend, but... if something appropriate clears up, you'll be the
suddenly painted his world a hundred of vibrant, glorious colors, because that world had Tony in it again.
, it was too sudden, too soon. But the stinging abated in a second, and what was left was a desperate burning for
"Tony? Coordinates!" Happy wasn't giving up. "Who is it there with you, did you actually pick up a hitchhiker? Please take care that..."
Apparently, he had an oversized pup and an oversized Captain America sprawled together on his fireplace rug. If both the man and the animal didn't look so bedraggled, there would be something decidedly kitschy about the scene, like a postcard or an ad. A big, blond, half-naked guy and a big husky dog; they only needed a bearskin to complete the visual but thankfully that hadn't been a part of the interior design of the cottage. Tony was never going to get the doggy hairs out of his good towels, though. With something akin to surprise he found that he didn't mind any of this one iota.
Playing sans voir is apparently playing chess in your head. I knew some people could do it but I never knew what it was called.
, which was way weirder. These two sets of events may have been causally connected, or not; he didn't have any real data to go on.
Still, it seemed a lightest touch on the elbow was enough to make Steve freeze in his tracks. "Tony?" His whisper was hoarse.
"Because you're still hurting," I said. "Because we're not done with our regrets. Because we're both still grieving. Because we agreed to talk about things."
Tony agreed wholeheartedly with this injury assessment, but it wasn't as if he had too much choice. "Working on it, big guy. Just a sec and we can go."
Steve didn't quite know why he went over to talk to Stark – to warn him that coming to the bar wasn't acceptable for cadets, maybe, he thought later – or to ask after Darryl. Perhaps even to have a chat with him in a non-official setting, try to see what he was actually like. That would have been a disastrous idea. Steve shouldn't have had that one drink; it had been vile anyway.
Slowly, Tony reached with his other hand. Opened the button. Then pulled the fly all the way down. Traced a finger up and down Steve’s length over the boxers. The cock jumped to meet his hand. Tony complied for a moment, granted him full contact, stroking, caressing. Then he pulled both the pants and the boxers down, just a little, no more than absolutely necessary. Freed, Steve’s cock was big and erect and beautiful. He caught hold of it with one hand and treated it with one slow, deliberate, full stroke. Steve inhaled sharply. His hand flew down to close over Tony’s, locking it in place.
Tony knew desperation when he saw it, even in a text message. He knew panic. He knew how it could be when people
He realized too late  his own reaction was blown way out of proportion. He was planting his feet firmly on the floor, as if readying for an oncoming attack, squaring his shoulders, his stance sending a clear message: He wasn't going to be removed from this kitchen, he was going to defend this kitchen to the last man. And then he understood. It wasn't just about Tony. It was an instinctive reaction to the idea of lying down, because lying down meant vulnerability, and because immobility meant danger, and because sleep meant death. Death, darkness, cold. Being trapped. He didn't think he was going to go to sleep ever again. And even though, as if from a distance, Steve could tell this was irrational, there was jack shit he could do about it right then.
Tony: It feels like teeny tiny progress, but it fits with bigger progress on other fields of action, so I guess that's okay.
"Yeah, I figured." Tony sounded mildly resigned. "I think your weird, convoluted reaction to extreme cold is that you try to save everyone and everything from it. Trying to come over on foot hadn't been a particularly rational decision either."
He was in a perfect position to shake Steve by the shoulders, but he stopped himself right there. He was – as he was very much aware – also in a perfect position to press his lips against Steve's, just to ascertain he was really there, really alive. Just to try and get out at least a
Contrary to his expectations, he had managed to sneak out of the bed without waking Steve up, so he lit the fire in the living room, and scooped up some snow from the windowsill and melted it for coffee.
Grounding was the trick, Tony knew that from personal experience. Keep Steve talking. Make him analyze this. Make him tear the sensation into tiny, digestible bits.
do it, and it was all there was to it, this had been a bad idea from the start. The apologies had been politely exchanged, there were a few polite voice messages, and he should have kept it at that. Politeness was good. Closeness wasn't. (Closeness was pain and dread, closeness was a million tiny needles stuck in your heart.)
"It's not..." Steve paused, sighed. "Look, I don't want to talk about this, all right? It's nothing. I miscalculated. That's all."
Yes, Tony thought, with a certainty brought by the fact their time together will, from now on, be measured in hours, not days and years and even decades. Yes, Tony loved Steve, desperately and hopelessly and with resignation. Because, he was perfectly sure of one thing: Steve didn't love him back. Why would he? Liked him – yes, Tony was pretty sure of that once he looked at it rationally, removing his own insecurities from the picture. But Steve liked nearly everyone. Did he want Tony, then? Yes, Tony thought so, but Steve had to figure that one on his own. Sadly, though, the two didn't equal love, and why was the fact breaking Tony's heart all over again? He was supposed to be resigned to that. No, he would have enough time to ruminate on that during the long, boring hours in Fury's firefly freighter. Because Tony couldn't stay here, now that he had a chance to leave. He couldn't stay and kill himself with whiskey and have his heart cracked a little more every day.
Tony is furious with Steve's face, so very, very close to his own, furious with Steve's impossibly blue eyes that... (there he goes, getting carried away again)
He sank into the piloting chair an let out a long sigh. This was really getting absurd. He needed to calm down. That night he'd reached certain conclusions. This was just a practical confirmation. Rogers was ignoring him – teaching him, sure, but still ignoring him as much as possible.
Barely perceptibly, Rhodey shook his head: "Tones..." And then, in a changed voice: "Will you ever tire from going down the list of Australian animals...?"
The guy had slammed into his car so hard he'd almost moved the car. Either that, or it was Tony's hangover acting up. It did tend to make everything louder and significantly less bearable.
And right enough, Steve hesitated, his lips going a little flat. And right enough, he gave Tony a rueful little smile. "I don't have a phone."
hungry." His voice is unnecessarily loud, and when his arm snakes around Tony's waist, pulling him in, Tony thinks he's getting his due payback for today. Then Steve's hand finds its way into the back pocket of Tony's jeans and
Then he realized what he was doing, tried – lamely – to pretend he was checking Steve's temperature. He let his hand drop. Steve looked up at him with big, round, very surprised eyes, and Tony cursed himself in his head for being an idiot. He was about to apologize, when Steve suddenly got to his feet, wrapping the blankets around himself  like a robe.
"So, er..." Tony began at the same moment as Cap said, "Yes, well, nevertheless..." which made them both fall silent again, and Tony had a horrible feeling this might extend ridiculously if he didn't do something.
Steve had a generous hole, and two fingers slid in pretty easily, lubing the way. Steve caught his breath, stiffened, relaxed. The small, unwilling jerk of his back twisted Tony's heart, and Tony whispered
It... made perfect sense, actually, and now Tony felt like a total piece of crap for making fun of him, but that was the effect Steve had on him. Whatever Tony did, he ended up feeling like the bad guy. He didn't know how to talk to Steve any more; had he ever known?
And right now, the hum was different; wrong. Tony stopped. Listened for a moment longer. Then he picked up speed  and hurried towards the elevator at the other end of the pilots' deck. It would be a bad idea to start spreading panic now; people milling about would surely block the corridors. Also, perhaps he was wrong. He would try and check first.
Maybe the tone was exactly what prompted Tony to actually pause. Steve couldn't know. He'd expected him to laugh it off and that would have been that. But Tony arched an eyebrow thoughtfully and nodded to himself.
Fury flattened his hands against the desktop for a second, as if pleading a higher power for patience, but in the Fury-land, that was in short supply. "Know anyone around here who's getting younger? I don't," he snapped. "It's not as if we have an endless supply of candidates. Much as I'd like to get you some rosy-cheeked cadets with perfect grade score for you to pick and choose from, that's not too likely to happen, Captain, not this side of the Red Line."
When Natasha and Thor get back from Asgard, Natasha is changed. Her movements have always been fluid, like a cat's, and economical, like a well-trained assassin's. She is what she is, after all, even if, in the later years, Steve has tended to forget that about her. She seems, however, to have gained a new kind of vigor on her trip, something resembling a belief that she can grab the world and change it, and it will stay changed. It might be the fact that the Avengers –
The gauntlet works just like Strange speculated it would, on the way here. It's sapping Steve's strength away, sucking all the will out of him. It's a vortex, trying to pull him apart. If not for the serum, he isn't sure he'd be able to withstand it even for a second. Even as it is, his time is exceedingly short.
He hands me my sandwich. "It's ridiculous," he says, almost viciously. "As if it would have changed anything. He'd still be dead. But it's been years, and half the time all I can think about is how I wish I'd said something to him." He tries to chuckle and falls short. "A hug would have worked too. As if
it – as if running was Cap's own invention, somehow. And yes, words had this tendency to escape from Tony's mouth unchecked.
But somehow, somehow, Steve didn't think Tony'd really do it, not like this. Playing chicken again, eh? Well, he was certainly not the one to bow out, from anything, ever. But it's not just that, he knows. And he lets his eyes run up and down the armor, more silvery then it used to be, up and down it's crossed arms, the hands tightly clenched into fists. (Steve can't decide if the stance is defensive or defiant.) Those armored fingers are also silvery, and Steve, feels himself twitch in response, feels a shiver of interest saunter hotly down his spine.
They didn't talk more that night. As if by a silent agreement, they returned to reading, weirdly and unexpectedly comfortable with each other, for one evening at least, and all that could be heard was the occasional rustling of the pages. It wasn't long before Tony dozed off. Steve tossed one more blanket over him, and took another for himself. He then lay his cheek down on the book and listened to Tony's soft breathing as the fire slowly died down to embers.
And he let his lips sink onto Steve’s, a promise, and he let his hands stray into Steve’s hair, touching, caressing, petting tenderly, like he’d wanted to do for a long, long time now.
, and later on maybe I'll let you ask me a few. Okay, so let's do this. [sits on the edge of the stage, leaning against the lectern, feet dangling] There, that's way comfier.
"Me," I say, my mouth suddenly dry even though all of it took place so ridiculously long ago, a lifetime ago. "You never forgave
At some point – he loses the sense of time completely – he hears Tony's voice, seemingly softer than ever, almost a whisper through his voice filters. "It's okay. Relax into it. Ride it out. Let it happen, big guy. You're almost there. Let it happen."
to focus on something in order not to turn around and watch Steve's back disappearing into the crowd. (Steve's back was impossible to miss in a crowd, no matter how much the man might want to vanish.)
and be done with it, but instead, Steve inclines his head in thought. "Well, this is not what I expected. At
So, the telephone lines were working again. Oh, joy. He turned to go to a telephone on the wall by the corridor entrance. The handset didn't look too damaged.
And then, after he already agreed, the info was slyly slipped in: he'll be working with Steve Rogers. How hilarious.
Tony: And yeah, I partly am. Qualified. But I thought I might consult with Cho on it, she's a genius in her own right. And with Bruce, you know. We've all worked together before. This could be great!
And then he remembered that, while Steve was emitting a shitton of Berger waves, Tony was emitting considerably less, and he didn't know if Steve was receiving any of his at all. So, basically, he had no idea if Steve was aware of the way Tony felt at all. And an old impulse to
He found out how much of a hardass Cap was being with him only after he talked to the other cadets and heard what their exams had consisted of.
"We're wasting time," Thor protested, as an echo of Tony's thoughts, but started putting the jumpsuit on nevertheless. Tony turned his back, swiftly let the towel fall, and pulled the suit on as well. He chose not to think about it. He was used to the community showers after all.
"No, but you should," Tony whispered back. "It's not a good time and all those clichés." He wasn't moving away. Neither, for that matter, was Steve.
Captain then went on to explain about what will be expected of them, what they will be studying. Mainly basic flight and combat tactics, Tony learned. But before they even set  foot in the cockpit, they were going to review everything in the one ancient flight simulator they had aboard
The truth is, we fucked up. The intel we had, it was a setup. It was a trap, we think. We now think it was all a diversion, to set us up and to avert the eyes of the public from what was going on at the tech expo, which was where a newly acquired batch of supersoldier serum was supposed to exchange hands. At a secret auction. We... no, we don't have any proof. We think more than one government were interested in buying. We don't have real proof of that either, we would love to share it with you, but we don't have it. Just what we saw. You can believe it if you want.
"Leave the mick on, okay? Maybe I can hear the snippets here and there. I know you don't have time to..."
"Cap?" he said. His voice was choked with – he realized – pure, undistilled hope that had suddenly surfaced from the emotional mess roiling in his guts. Because together they could maybe figure something out, if only... And then the dread was back again. "Are you real?" he asked; it rang stupidly in his own ears.
And there are a million possible answers, but instead of picking just one, Tony turns around and meets Steve's lips halfway. This time it's
Steve's voice elbowed its way into his thoughts. "Tony, is it possible that there was a hull breach?"
Tony laughed out. "Breakup food? All right, then. Make it chocolate ice-cream, I guess. What's next? You teach me how to wallow constructively and then we watch
Steve sighed. "We're in Sokovia. So, we can't break the door down, and ditto for the walls. What else have we got?
, no matter how scary it might seem. Conversation, take 2. Steer clear of a) weather, b) politics, c)
"Slow down, Cap," he says. "You know what you need to do to get what you want. Not that difficult, eh?"
The heated looks Tony thought he was hiding didn't exactly go unnoticed. Steve had never really known how to flirt, but right now, right here, with Tony, words were practically saying themselves.  Perhaps it was the exuberance of Tony's company; perhaps he'd just waited for the right flirting partner.
timeline's Tony would have traded his life for the possibility of Morgan growing up with her dad, back where I came from. Well, for better or worse, there's usually no one to bargain with. Universe consistently refuses to haggle.
But still, impossibly, after ages and ages, the spasms seem to pull further apart, and a languid peace begins to take over his body. He knows he's still in Tony's mouth, sweet and wet and comfortable. All the strength leaves him. He feels himself start to drift off. And he lets it happen.
battle. I'd always rather have it be me and not Tony, but hey, we can't pick those things, I suppose. We were where we were. We'd both wanted death, but when we couldn't have that, perhaps now we could have a life instead.
Tony was curled up next to Steve, his head pillowed on his own arm. They weren't avoiding touch, but they weren't cuddling either. Which was... unfortunate, having in mind that Steve wanted to take Tony into his arms, to cradle him and keep him to himself and never let him go. Steve also wanted to be able to say something to him, anything apart from
Still, before I could muse on that further (morosely, in the privacy of my head), he was getting in my face, taking off his glasses, peering into my eyes. I fully expected some kind of retort, but he had the gentlest look on his face I'd ever seen.
"Okay, go," he called out. Crazy excitement beat in his ears like a bass drum. A muffled thud. Another one. Apart from the sounds, there was no apparent result. Well, it would be ridiculous, wouldn't it, he thought, taking his hope by the throat, casting it on the ground and trampling on it. This wasn't happening anyway. He was losing his mind, that's what this was. Did Steve have to come to him like this, to torment him with false hopes and fake glimpsed lights at ends of tunnels?
," she murmured. "You usually take a lot longer to warm up to someone, and then ages to act on it. And I was aware there was some chemistry between you and Stark, but I'm still surprised at your choice of... the object of your affection, a little bit."
Oh god, the way Steve said it. “I didn’t know. Steve, I...” Tony stopped to take a breath. “Look, I suck at friendship or whatever, all right?”
At that moment I figured why I was delaying my departure. This was a decision I didn't know how to make. The needle of my moral compass was spinning uselessly. It didn't feel as if there was a right answer, or even a right question. The direction my heart was leaning towards was something my mind warned me against. Her last words struck resonance with me – maybe just because it suited me to believe what she said. But there was nothing in my present left for me, no unfinished business, no fight left to fight. There would be the aftermath, a lot of work, a lot of things to set right – but what was wrong with the world –
His eyes had gone big, and turned inwards somehow. I wasn't under impression he was talking to me, exactly, at that moment. "
"What, you mean you haven't been monitoring my gym scores? Why the hell am I recording them, then?" Okay, well, those filters never worked the way they were supposed to anyway. They should be replaced. Or his brain should. That would probably solve all his problems.
Tony snorted. "Yeah, I bet everyone's dying to know." He turned to Peter, raised an eyebrow. "You're being pretty cool about this."
Tony repeated to himself, and, just like everything else tonight, he decided he shouldn't have said it, back then. Too late, now.
anything wrong, to be honest. He'd just asked his question and then let Tony interpret his silence any way he wanted.
, your idea of big and small would be affected by that, surely. And this Fury was Tony's – boss? Commanding officer? Steve couldn't be sure; a good part of that story had been muttered and muffled and only semi-comprehensible.
"Whoa, whoa, stand down, stand the fuck down" he heard himself rattle off, as if from a distance. "What is this, the point-a-gun-at-Steve-Rogers-day?
Steve, over the years. And missed. And missed. He'd missed him so much that it had actually turned to resentment and bitterness that he hadn't thought there was coming back from. But now? Now he could barely keep his hands to himself, and it seemed Steve was hardly doing any better, and it was probably the mom and dad of all bad ideas, the two of them together, a ticking bomb, naked wires. And he wanted it so badly. Steve did too, it appeared, and Tony didn't know what to do with the way it made him feel.
"No, no," Sam said dryly. "That's my favorite intro. When people ask me that, I know it's going to be good. Also," he turned to Bucky, one eyebrow sharply raised, "no. I did not." His voice could be used for cutting glass, but Steve knew him and detected a tiny under-layer of wry amusement.
be doing something all day, or month or year, even if you could. He couldn't force Tony to reconcile with him for real. Perhaps the ability to let go of a hope was a virtue too, sometimes.
Tony pulls his fingers out, then, adjusts the angle, and slams them back in, almost cruelly, straight into Steve's sweet spot, and the bright pain and overwhelming pleasure are so mixed, so confusing, so
Which... wasn't fair, since, strictly speaking, there wasn't any real towering, going on, and the same went for yelling. Not
Even when, like now, Steve hurried after Tony without a real reason, just to – Tony was becoming very convinced of this –
Tony didn't. He didn't leave him alone despite the fact that Steve probably appeared to be in a deep conversation with Sharon, standing close to her. Steve had
That other Steve was a big puzzle to me and I thought about him often. How am I supposed to feel about a different version of myself? Sometimes I think about the fact that he wielded the gauntlet, and he looks like this huge hero to me, unattainable, larger than life. Someone having nothing to do with me at all. And sometimes I feel he is this huge jerk who could never go and tell Tony he loved him, even though he surely did. And, ridiculously, this is when I feel closest to him. I can picture myself falling into that exact same trap. Hiding my emotions from Tony – and from everyone – had become a pattern that was difficult to break, over the years. Even now, with our pact and with the way we were learning to talk to each other and to be vulnerable in front of each other – even now my first impulse had been to hide what I felt, telling myself he needed his time to grieve, telling myself I would spoil everything.
Bewildered, Steve stepped back, quickly letting go, his palms flying up in a placating gesture. He felt his face go cold and an icicle of horror stabbed at his chest. It was all distant, and he heard the echo of his own words to Sam earlier:
here is convey the absolutely necessary minimum of knowledge in the best possible way. And I've got a feeling Stark can do that better than I can, at least when it comes to science and engineering. So let him do that. I don't care about anything else. I'm no good at classroom psychology. Only at leading people in battle."
Steve’s voice seemed to have recovered some of it usual dryness. “And for all of your not-caring, you made us drink those disgusting chlorophyll smoothies.”
This is it, I think. I wasn't sent here to comfort him. I was sent here to argue him back to his old self. No one can prickle him like I can. We've always had thin skin when it came to each other.
If he had to guess what happened, Tony would surmise someone had calculated an overly long jump, in a hurry, without the proper equipment. The remains of their flotilla had jumped using their faster-than-light drives. It turned out not all the ships had come out on the other side, and even fewer came out whole and usable. Gunstar
part, in the end. In private, the awkwardness was painful, and it was almost easier to avoid each other than to try and do anything about it.
And then the dreams and insights and glimpses had begun, the tiny pieces of the Steve-puzzle falling into place. Had Tony known him before? Well, yes and no, he supposed. Can you fall in love with someone
. I've waited for years to discover something worthy of the name 'Stark effect'. You can't possibly take it!"
And then Rhodey seemed to wake up. He took in Tony's appearance. Frowned. "Are you okay, Tones? What happened to you?"
, Steve." On an impulse, Tony reached out and touched Steve's cheek, soft and slightly scrapy. A reassurance Steve was still there, alive and warm, sitting on Tony's couch for real; not some kind of apparition.
"Aw, it was there this morning, I know I saw it..." Cap leaned over and around Tony's right shoulder – so very careful not to touch him that it seemed almost ridiculous – and started scrolling through the files. "No, really, people just keep messing with..."
Tony quirked an eyebrow. "Cocky much?" He'd noticed Steve hadn't answered his first question, though.
Tony: It kept me awake until 4 in the morning. I couldn't go to sleep until I FINISHED the fucking page. It was HORRIBLE.
"I asked obliquely, you know." Yeah, I bet, Tony thought. Steve Rogers, the epitome of subtlety. He bit his tongue and contained his smile, and Steve went on: "Sam said someone had a crush on me, a bad one, and that that person was also obviously thirteen."
But for Steve, Time doesn't exist any more. Just that one moment, and he, on his knees by Tony's side, and the meaningless words.
is not a bad school, Justin, nothing to be embarrassed about. It's not MIT – well, obviously – but I'm sure your dad's large donation meant a whole lot in the way of improvements. Of course, it couldn't help you pass the tests here, since, honestly, you couldn't pilot your ass off the toilet seat. Not even with a navigation system. But there's no shame in having
Steve leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. A real smile hesitated on the verge of existence for a moment, then lit up his face. He seemed to be relaxing by stages. "They could come by chopper, but I didn't see a good landing spot out there. I doubt any of them would be up for parachuting in."
"I just want her to know this is still her home. I want her to..." Tony sighed. "We would have made all this", he gestured at the ridiculous  sweets, "Morgan and I. Together. If she still lived here."
"Darryl's fine," he said, hoping it was still true. "I lost Cap's signal, don't know if he's okay. I'm working on repairs. Thor, listen, go up, get help at once, I think. From what I heard, things aren't so great in the landing bay. Get the medics, the marines. I can't get the phone lines to work yet. Just... go."
He waited. And then, when from the corner of his eye he thought he saw Rogers looking, Tony turned, quick as lightning, and met the man's eyes head on. Like a clamp snapping shut. For a moment they stayed like that – it was seconds; it was days. Then Cap tore his gaze away, almost forcibly.
From the corner of his eye, he saw Steve frown at him. One leg up on the armrest of the couch, he was standing there in his stupid undersuit, holding his coffee cup with both hands like something precious. Allied with a slanting ray of sunlight through the window, he was making the couch look disproportionately small and shabby by comparison. He caught Tony’s eye in the process of looking away, raised both eyebrows at him. “But I thought...” he began, and then stopped. Took a deep breath. “All right,” he conceded eventually, composing himself.
That was Steve's voice, an anchor. At the same time, Tony was saying: "Louis? You all right, buddy? What happened here? Where is everyone?"
The pressure lifting off his stomach is both a relief and a disappointment, but then Steve loses track of everything else, because his forgotten cock is suddenly held firmly in a gauntlet, palmed and squeezed; it's now too sensitive from neglect, it throbs and it hurts some at the touch. And then Tony is pulling at it, sliding his palm up it, then down, firmly. His hand is dry, but the metal is slick, and the pressure is maybe a bit too much, but Steve
The sensation in his ass: now there is no coldness any longer, just the unyielding fullness inside, and the slow, tormenting massage of his prostate that's – he could be mistaken, but – that's getting a bit harder now from second to second, barely perceptibly. A tiny, slow circle after circle, exerting just a sliver more pressure every time. And Steve is distantly aware he is sweating, and shivering slightly, and all he wants is to somehow buck up and impale himself and feel the impac to the full again, but if he lie still, maybe he'll get it eventually, maybe he'll get what he wants.
Tony: What's going on there? Don't give me any details you aren't comfortable with, but in general terms.
"Problem?" Steve squeaked, cleared his throat, then raised his eyebrow in an attempt to salvage the effect. (It didn't work, though, a squeak was still a squeak.) His hand resting on Tony's hip, Steve's thumb was rubbing searing heat into Tony's flesh. It was at the same time gentle, barely a brush of skin against skin, and impertinent, almost proprietorial.
But, in all fairness, Steve shouldn't have brought him along. Perhaps it would have been smarter to form a rescue team, contact the bridge somehow, call the marines in. Do everything by the book. But in the meantime, anything at all could have happened here. He'd worked with what he had at hand instead – a competent engineer; by a mad stroke of luck, someone who could actually take care of the situation with the engines.
Tony: Steve, I've seen you die a million deaths, over and over again, in my head. I don't need to see it happen someplace in the multiverse too, thanks so much.
It seared inside Tony. Sometimes fire burns so hotly it tricks your nerves into believing it's ice-cold. That's right before the skin starts to melt.
"No, it's your aunt Lobelia. Yeah, it's me." All of a sudden, in a flood of questions he wanted to ask –
It was strange. People did occasionally tell me I needed to take it easy or rest or whatnot. I mostly shrugged it off. But apparently Tony's words had the innate ability to make me want to listen. I was temped to let him do it. Go on, wrap me in a blanket. Bring me tea.
He goes back to caressing and lightly tapping Steve's right breast with the tresses, and then, just when Steve had stopped expecting it, he flicks the flogger at his left nipple again, sharply. Once again, the excitement rushes into Steve's cock, like a wave that can't quite reach the shore, and falls short, and Steve growls. So unfulfilled. He's on the verge of tearing the silk ribbon apart, grabbing his cock and giving it a stroke that it needs, two at most. He'd be done. He just need a slightest touch, anything to tip him over the edge.
"Oh," Natasha said, "Some." She lay back down and started the next series. So did Steve without giving it much thought. Exercise always helped clear his mind, but now it served mostly as an excuse to keep the damned thing empty for a while.
What do I know about timefog?, he mused. I know it appears around the portals that are, yay, spewing the yet-unnicknamed alien creatures I am contractually obligated to fight. The substance: unrecognizable. Hallucinogenic? Maybe. Permanent effects? I've no fucking idea.
Now, as he gazed down the mountainside at the untouched whiteness, he could practically feel his mouth water. And yet... Did the gradient somehow get way steeper with years or was it just memory, being a deceptive bitch it usually was? Steve’s face was unreadable behind his goggles; there was something weird in the line of his mouth. Hunger and excitement prior to an adrenaline rush, but something else too, something Tony couldn’t pinpoint.
Five years, I thought. Everything else aside – because I had to put it aside, I couldn't deal with the question of them having sex right then – that meant they made up five years earlier. This Steve had had five years more with Tony. Or, well – maybe not
"Okay," he said. "Kiss me. If you want to." I knew that expression of his. It reminded me of that one time, years ago, when he'd been experimenting with a suit's tolerance of high voltage charges. Thor was helping. After a less than successful try, Natasha and I were coaxing Tony to let it go for the night, but he'd insisted on tampering with it some more, and then he'd turned to Thor and said
Another millimeter forward, because there was no choice now. The course was set. His heart in his ears like a hurricane, like a flood. Steve's body still pressed into his where the acceleration left it. His eyes, so fucking blue in the blue light of the control panel...
"I... endangered someone who was my responsibility," he said slowly. "Back in school. Out of recklessness, and because it was fun. Despite the orders, obviously. That's it, that's the whole story. I was an asshole. Couldn't stay after that."
"I'd... not be opposed to the idea of having sex with you." Steve manages to sound strangely formal, even though his voice has gone even more gravelly. "But only if you wanted it," he adds quickly. "Only if you would have wanted it
, it felt shamefully good to be fussed over, Tony thought. Just for a second, just for a little bit. Steve's cool fingers on his hot skin were pure bliss, and to be touched with such care, after what seemed like such a long time... He felt his gut tighten into a thousand fluttery little knots. His eyes went a little wide in the dark (he was thankful Steve couldn't see them). He had to put a stop to this before he did or said something stupid, out of pure loneliness. Steve was just kind, he told himself. And then, mercilessly: he'd be this kind to
Tony: Oh, boy. God, Steve. Yes, I'm being jealous. I'm a jealous person. I'm just like that. Sorry. I'll shut up now.
He heard a weak  cough through the wall, a soft curse. Batted at the quiet dread that had been buzzing around him like a fly (Steve had been trying to ignore it). Waves upon waves of what-ifs. Because, because... it wasn't impossible, was it, that this was something worse than a common cold, and they were in the mountains, and it was snowing, and there was no cell signal (Steve had checked), and what if what if what if...
, but he had to stop thinking about that pronto. It was ridiculous. The two of them could barely manage to talk to each other for two minutes straight without it getting weird. Well, none of this was going to help.
Well, that would at least ground them firmly in the dislike territory and be done with it, it seemed. That way Tony wouldn't have to wonder.
The musicians were playing something soft and unrecognizable and vaguely Baroque-like, a violin concerto or other. The people around Tony, even his friends – progressively more relaxed with one another now, joking, laughing, forming and reforming subgroups in a curious, almost observable rhythm – suddenly seemed pale and, to Tony, hard to concentrate on. His mind, his gaze, kept slipping away. It was all happening around him, not
So. What if Tony would be willing to do this again? Look at him, now, all molten and sleepy in Steve's arms. So quiet too. Not moving too much, just content to lean against Steve, who, in turn, was leaning against the wall. They weren't kissing now, but their faces were close, their lips touching just barely, and they stood and breathed each other's air.
Steve got up and joined Tony by the counter. "Basically, I'd be doing you a favor?" he asked, amused.
I know nothing about either skiing or surfing. I did do some research, but there are probably mistakes or weird references there.
"Hope's fine," Steve went on. "Darryl looks fine – I'm going to talk to him now. The techs seem organized. Some people may be hurt – don't know who yet. The rescue is in operation. I'm going to talk to Darryl now. I'll want your report afterwards. Stay on."
"No," Tony says when Steve starts to pull his left pant leg down. "The right one first." The command is nonsensical, but since Steve likes being told what to do so much, even the nonsensical ones will help get him in the good state of mind.
"Noooo," Peter was shaking his head. "Here, let me show you." He dug out something from his pocket and –
This is when, amid all the overripe sensation, Steve feels a shy, new pleasure start to build inside him. It can never take over, he thinks. It can never reach high enough, he thinks. He'll never come. He's slowly becoming aware of Tony's fingers, still inside him. They are almost still now, just filling him, but they are resting against his prostate wall, and then they begin their slow circling again, the tender massage. Tony's head still bobs up and down on him, never changing pace. The light sucking never gets harder. The lines of stinging fire inside his cock are all Steve knows for a time, although he supposes the dry, heaving breaths he hears must be his own.
. There was something primal in him that wanted to wrap Tony in a blanket like a burrito and sit him in front of the fire and feed him soup. There was also another part of him that shrugged and thought: It's a common cold, it doesn't make your tongue dysfunctional. You drink a cup of tea, you walk it off. This was decision, not incapacitation.
It's Clint and Rhodey (who never really hit it off as friends in any significant way) that end up going to Vormir, and, after very careful planning and new input from Nebula, who reluctantly discloses more info, they pop into existence there, create a momentary diversion, snatch the soul stone from Thanos in the moment he gets it, after killing his daughter, and disappear seconds after they appeared there. It's a most elegant piece of action, according to the two of them.
of exposed skin. No, really, the military issue towels were indecently small and thin, and insipidly grayish, the color of ration bars and mild, covert depression.
Tony: So, the dark part of the news cycle begins, we can relax for a few hours at least. I mean, no rest for the wicked, there's still some work to do, but at least we're off the crazy pace for now.
Something about this last statement niggled at her. She watched as Steve took on the full force of Tony's frustration with a soft look in his eyes and a small smile. And she watched Tony wind down in return, relaxing his stance, grinning up at Steve, placing a hand on his shoulder and leaving it there for a moment longer than strictly necessary. Everything was back to normal.
The world around him came back with an explosion of color and sound, intrusive and garish and unbearable, but somehow he got his senses back, he got his focus back.
"Oh, yes, I recorded some advanced stuff for y... eh, I recorded it last night," Rogers said, with an inexplicable but quickly covered stammer mid-sentence.
For a moment, Steve suppressed the amusement, then gave up and let it show. He shook his head. "Shouldn't you be in bed, though?" He walked over and put a cup on the desk in front of Tony. "Want some?"
you’d just take off down that slope and that would be it.” A pause. “Was that supposed to be some kind of... a test?”
I found my earliest journal. It was from the time we all lived in the Tower, a bit after the battle of New York. I thumbed through it until I found the first, lovingly detailed sketch of Tony's face. I used to sketch all of my friends, on many occasions, mostly when we were all sitting together. But this one I'd done partly from memory and partly based on a group sketch I'd done earlier. On it, his smile was startling, unguarded, the way it was sometimes in those days. I'd caught the moment perfectly. I always liked that sketch, even though my style has changed considerably over the years, hopefully for the better.
Tony tended to agree with Bruce on this. It was a show of support for the cadets. Because, if he thought it was something else, then he'd have to think it was aimed at him personally. (It
Then there is a light snap at his left shoulderblade. It's practically a caress of the flogger tails. It tingles. Then another one, and another one. The tresses tease at his back for a time, and then there is just enough sting on Steve's right shoulder to brighten his skin, but it's not hard enough to register as pain.
He tries for a casual tone. "Yeah, well. You're good looking. I'm into hot people. You knew that." With all he's been considering and remembering today, with all the gratuitous touching, and the sheer terror he felt when he thought Steve was going to get hurt, and, in the end, with the way the
I'd thought... I don't know what I'd thought. That he felt more than friendship for me, even though, when I came here, I kept telling myself his friendship would be enough and more than enough. It wasn't. I wanted
Their eyes locked for a moment in a silent battle. Different impulses fought for dominance inside Tony. Stubbornness and a wish to cut this nonsense and
. Let's talk about something else, I was going to say as I touched his hand to steady it, to stop the insane salt-shaker pogo-dance.
would be acceptable right now, but decided against it. This was, when all was said and done, his chance at a second chance so to say. He decided to stick with a semi-conciliatory "I'll do that."
Steve shrugged. A good question. He had his doubts about the answer, but he was determined not to jump to any conclusions.
They were standing side by side, shoulders touching, elbows touching; pretending as if it was nothing out of the ordinary to be standing so close to each other.
Their lips were smashed together, their teeth clicked uncomfortably, but Tony didn't give a fuck. He just glared straight at Steve from up close, channeling all his frustration and anger and disappointed desire into the kiss, the look, the grinding of his cock against Steve's.
, Tony wanted to snap, but clamped his mouth shut. He could just see Steve in his mind's eye, barging into the fire, all by himself. Admiration had absolutely no business showing up for something so asinine, really.
They chatted for a while. It was a companionship born out of necessity. Tony wasn't sure he liked it.
Oh, god. The eggs. I wasn't an expert cook at the best of times, but I could usually make scrambled eggs, as long as, unlike now, I remembered not to leave them sitting on the stove indefinitely. I started stirring frantically, but even though the heat had been very low (someone told me that was how you made eggs buttery and soft), they had turned into something dry and even gummier than usual. Tony peered into the pan over my shoulder. Sniffed.
He stilled, and stayed like that. "Not really." The infinite sadness hiding somewhere deep in his tone almost undid me.
Still: "You worry about your own task," Steve replied, trying to bat off a tiny worm of warmth in his heart because – was that concern? Was Tony worried about him? He shook off the thought. There was a job to be done.
"You could have woken me," Tony said. He inched his body away. Almost instantly, so did Steve, as if relieved Tony finally got detached for him. Well, no wonder, Tony supposed. The acute feeling of loss in his gut wasn't exactly surprising by now. When push comes to shove, he told himself firmly, we are all just small animals, huddling together for comfort.
, he'd experienced it himself a time or two. It was unwelcome attraction. It was like that time when he'd started getting hard-ons for that separatist asshole that claimed planet Virgon would do better on its own and why share resources with less rich colonies when they could profit from the war. For a time, Tony kept battling a searing desire to throw the jerk politician over the table and fuck him silly out of sheer frustration. A few times the things did get a little heated and it almost happened.
spot Rhodey and Carol, surrounded by a sea of minglers and officials and fans. Steve waited for a lull. Rhodey seemed uncharacteristically nervous, for some reason. He seemed to be toying with something in his jacket pocket, sneaking weird looks at Carol. He seemed on the verge of opening his mouth to say something, then apparently changed his mind. This happened twice as Steve looked on.
Tony used to feel the same way. Even if it hadn't been rational. After all, feelings aren't supposed to be. "I don't know," he said, and it was the truth. He had no way of knowing that, and that was probably for the best, "I try not to dwell of what-ifs." This sounded oddly high-handed and preachy to Steve's own ears, for some reason, even though all he wanted to do right then was to sink into a chair and bury his face into his hands and stay like that for a little while. "I..." he tried, but that was another false start.
They stood like that for a moment longer, Tony’s hand captured in both of Steve’s, unmoving. And than Steve’s fingers began a slow voyage up Tony’s forearm. Eyes serious, a little lost, fixed on Tony’s. Lips suddenly parted slightly. Tony didn’t know when that had happened. He could have sworn he never looked away from Steve’s lips, but perhaps he got distracted by his eyes. His touch finally reached Tony’s elbow, found the soft spot underneath in one single caress. Tony suppressed a shiver.
Then his eyes suddenly fixed on the intruder, mostly because Steve was looking at him intently. The guy's stance was a call for attention. It took Tony a second to notice that the stuff on his head wasn't winter gear – well, technically, it
To answer that, he'd have needed some serious soul-searching. He never really tried. Facts were the facts and that was enough. He was now wondering when the kernel of his apparent feelings for Steve had been born.
Steve grabbed him by the shoulder. His face seemed focused, but his grip was too hard, too urgent. "Tony..." He began, took a deep breath. "Listen, while we're still... Look, I'm sorry. About everything. You have to know that."
, Sheriff," Tony snapped, pinning him down with that gaze, and honestly –  for that gaze Steve would have done anything. This was their game, precisely. Steve called Tony
Natasha was counting under her breath – a bad habit she couldn't seem to shake – and then she paused and rested for a moment. "I have," she said. "Carol's unchanged. Quill and Gamora took to walking around on crutches – just a little bit, though, and they grow tired quickly."
"Don't touch yourself," Tony tells him next, a bit sharper this time. Experimenting. He's not sure what the rules of the room entail exactly. If Steve did touch himself, would he results count?
Seamlessly, Tony and I slipped into living together. I did ask him if he wanted me to find a place of my own, but we both knew the question was half-hearted. I really didn't want to be away from him. I know I clung to his presence for comfort, and I was aware that at that point it had more to do with grief than with love. Still, it was in concord with what I thought we both needed – to spend time together and see where it would take us. Tony was quite enthusiastic about the prospect himself. He was a bit more vocal about his emotions than my Tony had been – but, then again, even my Tony had been slanting that way towards the end. He'd told me things I couldn't imagine him saying aloud back in 2013 or 2014. Maybe the too many years we'd been apart had allowed him to change. I still beat myself up for not being there to see it happen.
heard that story or some version of it? He wondered if he should just ignore the asshole – Rhodey would – but  this was Hammer, and he woke the worst of Tony's impulses.
Neither of us had ever been particularly good at saying sorry, but I think this hug counted as something in that vein.
And Tony did need him, badly, all of a sudden, now that all the puzzle pieces had slid into place. He discovered that the line between need and anger was practically invisible. He also discovered he had absolutely no idea how to express what he now knew he was feeling. In the end, he sent a funny vid. It wasn't his best idea in the world, but it was
Tony had pretty much considered himself a kid all the way into his early thirties. Until Afghanistan. Steve never did, ever since Tony met him. He’d been 26 at the time. Bore himself like someone with experience enough  for two lifetimes. Yep, torture and war made you grow up wonderfully fast.
I'd always imagined that their relationship, whatever it was, had this air of casual physical intimacy. I'd obviously imagined wrong, as per usual. What I'd taken for ease in Tony's manner , right then, was probably deliberately done. It can't have been easy for him either to ask for intimacy. I know that sometimes, even later on, I had to convince myself to touch him, not because I didn't want to but because everything in me still had to get used to the idea that he also wanted that. From me.
Tony registered the impatience on Rhodey's face as he waited for the U. S. secretary of education (what was she doing here?) to stop talking Carol's ear off. Rhodey was palpably, uncharacteristically restless, to the point that he was tapping his foot (to the point that he didn't notice Tony at once, Tony thought).
"He's good," commander Fury countered. "Not just a good engineer, Rogers." He didn't need to say: we desperately need men. He might as well have  said we need water in order to live. Yes, times were desperate, but, Steve thought, this would do more damage than good.
something, anything that would fill the said emptiness. Like it happened with Steve – another rogue thought, he pushed it away, didn't know what to do with it. With Peter it was just... fun.
Tony straightened, suddenly focusing, He banished all the disjointed thoughts and emotions that were pestering him, clearing his mind for this very important piece of information.
"I believe ice-cream is traditional in your circumstances", Steve said, his face serious if you disregarded the spark in his eye.
Tony hesitated, trying to untangle warring impulses inside himself; gave up. "That was very... chaste."
"Hey," he said, half expecting Cap to jump, but then, all of a sudden, it seemed to him the guy had known all along that Tony was there. And didn't even acknowledge him. Well, that should be a clue enough for anyone. Tony adopted an even more cheerful, unconcerned tone of voice, because, of course, Steve's indifference meant nothing to him. "I'll be in the simulator, okay? You guys take your time." Without an obvious reason, his heart palpitated in his ears. It was difficult to tear his gaze away from Steve's profile, as he bent down over Quint's notebook. Walking so close past him, in order to get to the simulator, suddenly seemed like an impossible task. Tony kept his breathing calm, kept his mask of nonchalance on. It was a relief he didn't wear his heart on his sleeve, but it did nothing to make this any easier on the
, Tony decided then and there, trying to interpret the look in the blue eyes staring down at him. He wondered how long exactly the man had been there, and how many of Tony's semi-crude remarks he'd overheard. This last one about Hammer was like a cherry on top. Tony was determined not to give two fucks, but the nauseating feeling in his stomach belied this.
resurfaced for a moment, but Tony pushed it firmly away. Somewhat self-consciously, he tried to hug Steve a bit better, a bit tighter and closer, but in the end he was aware that nothing but words would probably cut it this time.
. The snowpack did seem pretty compact, but at that angle...” He shot a look at Tony, then shut up mid-sentence. Considered. “You didn’t
“’M your hot water bottle,” he muttered into the large, hard chest his cheek rested against. Steve’s snort ruffled the hair on top of Tony’s head, like a breeze.
They had strapped Tony into the equipment. He had relaxed, as instructed. He had let his mind wander. He was assaulted with a flood of images in the gate, sometimes flickering rapidly by, sometimes lingering to torture him. Most were familiar, from his and Steve's dreams. There was the pub in Berlin and the weird severed head, and there was Peter, taking the bullet for Steve, and there was Steve, dying on the courthouse steps. He did also see a glimpse of the high-school dream universe, and that had given him a glimmer of hope; there was at least one place where they were moderately happy, eh? But perhaps the worst of all was another iteration of his old vision, the one in which the Earth had burned, and everyone lies dead, and Tony reaches for Steve's pulse, and Steve tells him how he failed to save him, and dies.
while you wait to see if someone you knew had killed themselves with their own stupidity. Louis had seemed vague, confused, but now his eyes seemed to focus on Tony, which was, Tony supposed, good.
And while 'crush' had always seemed like such a small, stupid word, suddenly it had a new meaning, because it was a thing that
"And," Steve continued, "I tried leaving a message for Nat, with an old contact. I... don't know if she got it. And then I couldn't wait any longer. So I came."
But, instead of leaping forward and getting shot, Steve seemed to have had the same idea as Tony. "For shame, Billy D.," he was saying at the same time. As an aside, to Tony: "I'll handle this." Then, again to the man with the gun: "For shame! What would your grandmother say?"
Tony does come closer, then, sits down at the edge of the bed, curling one leg under him, in a position that is so unthinkingly
"That's right, that doesn't matter," Pepper agreed. "I don't know, Tony, maybe you can browbeat Rhodey into it."
, and that made it more palpable. An urgent pressure in Tony’s chest, that had been there for so long he’d gotten used to it, was now off; and he felt naked without it. But being naked with some people was the best, really.
"I'll go with you to a point. I suspect there will be some blockage." That made perfect sense, Tony thought. That's where the thumps had come from. "If we can clear the corridor, I'll continue to the lending bay. You go and try to fix the engines. Recruit anyone able on the way, to help you." They were
Tony disentangled his left hand from Steve's and let it roam up Steve's back, until it encountered the edge of the blanket wrapped around his torso. It would be so easy to just let it slip down to the floor. So easy. Tony let his thumb tease along the edge, across Steve's back. Just a second longer, he thought, aware he may be lying to himself. But he should pull back. He
Tony: Oh yeah, and they probably thought she'd volunteer info on me. Since we aren't together any longer. Because apparently that means we are enemies now and have to hate each other, inevitably.
"Yeah, we're collecting info," Tony told him. "That could all be the drugs at work. What made you think they gave you a serum suppressant?”
Tomorrow morning, Tony wakes up with a killer headache and congealed eyes. He also wakes up alone. He should be relieved – it's best this way, really; still, he isn't sure if the black pit opening in his stomach is due to the hangover or to his empty bed.
"Why didn't you tell me?" Tony's voice was quiet, but urgent. Why did getting this particular answer seem so pressing? "Why didn't you tell me you'd come to rescue me?"
"What, the Stanislavski maneuver again?" Tony said. It wasn't a complaint. More like a gasp for air, honestly. He had to pull himself together, he had to focus. Should he ask for a breather? No, that way he'd have to get up, walk right past Steve in this confined space, and... no, just no. Bad idea.
, and to make things even worse, the man squeezes a bit, in warning. Jolted back to his senses, Tony quits gaping and plays along. He produces a silly, fond smile from somewhere, shooting murderous thoughts at Steve all the while. "Such a
Tony had Steve swathed in blankets and seated on the sofa, his knees pulled all the way up to his chest. Tony busied himself with the fire. He was feeling  feebler by the minute, but he could manage this much. He also brought his suit gauntlet and pushed it on Steve. “I knew you’d catch a cold,” he grumbled.
A pause, then, in which he considered how he'd been a lot of a jerk a lot of the time, mostly because he didn't like how happy he was to see Steve. He wanted to say something... well, if not nice, then at least a bit apologetic? No, no, that wouldn't work, not really. He'd have to know how to do something like that, first. Something funny, then? That tended to backfire, when Steve was involved. Probably because Tony couldn't resist poking fun at him instead. But talking to Steve felt so good, so comforting. Just the exchange of nonsensical sentences was a fragile chord that connected them, in the dark. In the end, all he said was, "Ah, Cap...", having no idea how to go on.
In the end, there is one plane ticket that goes to waste. There is one plane seat that remains vacant to the last minute, to the joy of an elderly woman whose daughter is about to give birth on the other side of the continent. In the end, there is a team of heroes on the West Coast, lead by one Clint Barton who isn't sure he was born to be a leader, but does unexpectedly well. There is, in the end, also one attempt to buy a small local bridge from the NY Department of Transportation that owns it, but the bridge is unfortunately not for sale. Also, there are better ways to spend your money, as some would point out, even if you have a lot of it; even if you secretly are  a sentimental sap, despite pretending otherwise. Still, as the locals know well, the two rich dudes from the fancy compound nearby tend to have a picnic on that bridge once a year; they climb over the wooden railing – which is prohibited – and sit on the stone blocks at the edge of the bridge, and talk; mostly, everyone likes them too well to disturb them.
“Still, we could have gone somewhere else. Somewhere warmer.” Warm. It was warm under the blankets, and the way their body heat mingled and stacked, they could probably boil a potato between them.
Ever since he woke up in the SHIELD headquarters and zipped out as if the furies were after him, Steve's life had felt surreal. He'd been on the run since. Without any money and papers it had been a whole load of fun. No, not
My voice sounded bitter in my own ears. "To have a life. Like he always told me to." A whole life, with him; but even with the power of navigating time at my fingertips, I couldn't think of a way to do it that wouldn't rob him of the future he could have with his family. It would be self serving and manipulative, to go there at some point in time, and just pull him away, knowing what else he could have.
And hearing that from Peter Quill, whom he'd spent half the night resenting – it changed something. Steve opened his mouth. Closed it. In the end, all he could think to say was: "You think?"
"Gee, Steve, you shouldn't have asked so nicely." His voice was dry – and still hoarse – but he wasn't running away screaming at my almost-proposal, so I supposed it was something. And then his next line suddenly took me back to 2016, with a cold pang in my stomach. "Wanna see something cool?" he asked, and I flinched involuntarily.
"Huh." Jacobson seemed genuinely puzzled at his request. Then: "Stark's a fine engineer. I don't know about piloting. But around here he did his job real well, as long as I let him do what he wanted."
Tony: And you know what I think, I think it's better to be on the inside, for a time, and take an active part in our faith being resolved, basically. The same as what I tried to do with the Accords. Because the alternative is to sit passively and watch laws being passed and stuff, and have no say in anything.
After the fighting had died down, Steve spotted him resting, leaning on his sword stuck in the ground.
He is vaguely aware of Thanos lumbering to his feet, tossing Steve's friends to the side, but then a blue streak of a woman is grabbing the gauntlet and Star Lord is yelling: "She's all right! Go, Nebula, go!"
Steve crouched down on his skis for a moment, then sat down sideways, plonked on his ass and gave Tony a Look, a one that deserved a capital letter; stubborn and unrelenting. “No.” The word was as unmovable as the mountain they stood on.
On the second day, Tony caught him looking. It shouldn't have been weird – Tony was in front of the class,
Now in actual good fun, Tony looked up through his lashes at him. "For a run? With you?" His tone was playful. Which – yes, a mistake, most probably.
Tony: See, this is me trying my hand at being supportive. Please don't reply. I feel stupid as it is.
Steve matched him, a small smile for a small smile. Tony was so close. His presence was like a magnet.  Steve could reach out and card his fingers through his hair, he could... "Still, shouldn't you be in bed?" he repeated mildly, instead, because thoughts were going renegade on him (Something was
of everything on Earth. At least if the 'you' in question is Tony Stark. You know what, I think I'm going to call this 'the Stark effect', in your honor."
"Won't you come to my tent?" he asked almost mildly. "For a little while at least? Have a rest, eat something?"
"If you think he's worth considering, I'll consider him " Steve said slowly, as if it pained him. "Sir."
know.” He was only vaguely aware of his own hands around Steve’s waist, now touching more freely, caressing, rubbing tiny circles into the small of Steve’s back as if that could alleviate the pain. “Look, you think I haven’t forgiven you. But I have. I
What he hadn't expected was a laugh – bitter and abrupt. And short. Steve's first reaction was to retreat momentarily into his shell. Still, Tony shot him a rueful and almost apologetic look, and Steve relaxed a bit. (Tony should spend more time looking at the road, though, and less at Steve.)
Steve didn't really mind, right now. He returned his gaze, unflinching. "Yes. And you were the one who said that, if you left, it would be forever."
"Wow, cheeky," Tony commented, his voice a hoarse and dry whisper, barely audible. He could do nothing about it, yay, new levels of humiliation there.
“Are you drifting again?” Concern in Steve’s voice sent a shiver of guilty pleasure down Tony’s spine.  “What are you talking about?”
Steve studied him. He’d – as far as Tony knew – never taken more than a cursory interest in pharmaceutical products that the Avengers had at their disposal, leaving that to more scientifically qualified members of the team. But, apparently, he knew enough to disapprove. “But it doesn’t solve the problem, doesn’t really make you better,” Steve said, “it just delays the effects.” And it took its toll too, and you sometimes crashed afterwards; it could be quite unpleasant. There was, after all, a reason you didn’t take substances like that for a simple case of sore throat.
"Oh, and here I thought you went hunting for fowl. How disappointing."  Tony took the cup and sniffed. Hummed appreciatively. Took a sip, then another. "Well, this doesn't taste like grass, at least."
Steve had given him a Look. That look made Tony feel tiny; lower than the lowest of all the despicable politicians.
As Steve ate – the soup was excellent, hearty, with some spice to it and a lot of vegetables – Tony kept moving around the kitchen restlessly, opening and closing the fridge, the cupboards, the drawers. He was turning something over in his head, Steve could tell, and any moment now it was going to burst out of him.
"Couldn't you just... take this seriously for one second, Stark?" Cap's brows were drawn low, his eyes glaring at Tony trough the plast of the helmet. "Lives could be in danger out there!"
"Well, I found a dog," Steve said blandly, "I just needed a sled." Seconds too late, he realized this was a mistake.
And then, for a moment, the sun disappeared from the sky and they were cast in a giant shadow and everything in the world changed.
"You didn't notice any changes in your surroundings while they were carrying – leading? – you here?" While sarcasm could be comforting, he still couldn't help asking the real question. Because it
He decided to brave the kitchen and rummaged around the bag he brought, looking for something fitting for breakfast among all the caviar boxes and blue cheese and salmon spreads.
After a time, the shivering started to subside. Tony imagined he felt Steve's body temperature start to creep up. That was relatively quick, he supposed, trying to swallow the tears of relief before they could get out into the wild. The serum wasn't known for taking things slow.
Biting his lip, shuddering, he tried to concentrate on the task at hand. Tony will – hell, he'll have to get Steve dressed in something dry and warm, the blanket wasn't good enough, but he had to peel Steve's pants off first, somehow.
Phone, right. The thinking-people option. It had never even crossed Tony's mind. All he could think was that he should check the engines as soon as possible. "But what's with the phone line?" Tony's question was rhetorical. If the phone lines were down, it spoke of a more general damage than just the grav-strips.
And sometimes he wasn't even fully asleep. His concentration would slip, his mind would start wandering, and
Tony: I took a peak at the servers of the major media houses here. You know what, it's pretty much the same bull everywhere. As we thought, the story is getting snuffed out. Also, the Rosses are not stupid, they know they can't kill the story for good. This is just them biding the time, until they figure out how to spin it to their advantage, trust me. It's probably just a matter of hours.
Incidentally, I did believe in marriage, actually. I'd always wanted it, even back when I didn't want it with any particular person – I just knew it was something to strive for. And now I wanted it again, fiercely so. Still, coming to think of it, it was true – I didn't really need a government official to confirm the fact that I intended to stay by Tony's side until he decided to kick me out on my ass.
He tried not to overthink it. Now that the frustration seemed spent – Tony was probably just enjoying the touch, the act of exchanging something with someone. And why not, Steve thought. Two consenting adults, right? What did it matter that his own heart was breaking in his chest? Tony was a creature of pure energy; everything was so close to the surface, with him, the enthusiasm and the anger, always so acute, always burning. It might have been what Steve had fallen for in the first place. The crazy
A classic case of having the cake and eating it too, Tony mused. She was a little colder than before, a bit more reserved. An ugly step back towards the Natalie persona. At the same time, she pretended nothing was wrong, nothing had changed. She asked how he was. She unnecessarily informed him everyone on her side was reasonably healthy. She chatted about mission details of Steve's Secret Avengers (tm) she wasn't supposed to disclose to him (but hey, it was Romanoff, there was probably an agenda behind it).
See? No one saying hurtful things. No one having hysterical fits. Almost a start of a normal conversation right there.
" It was Steve's voice, echoing weirdly through the much emptier ballroom. Suddenly, the hall itself seemed huge and horrifying, with all the gold leaf and the expanse of floor between him and Steve, and the cleaning personnel now reproachfully drifting towards the center. In the background, a ballad was playing from the speakers.
I sat down too. I couldn't look away from his face, and he seemed to be feeling the same, so we just sat there for a little while, staring at each other.
that would help them figure out the intentions of their captors and the best way to screw up their plans and get the hell out of here.
, Thor had said with his usual earnestness, when he joined Tony and Natasha's conversation. And Natasha had just nodded.
Steve just raised his eyebrows and didn't look away until Tony took another sip, and then another. He wanted to adjust his pillows better. He wanted to smooth his hair back, and tell him to leave the tablet alone and try to go to sleep. He wanted... a million different things, all of a sudden, and as he stood there, he wondered how come he hadn't been aware of this earlier, how he could have been so stupid.
"And say hey to everyone from me!" Tony called out. He was throbbing with nervous energy. He could feel the blood drumming a punishing rhythm in his ears. His face felt frozen in a beginning of an uncalled-for grin. He knew he should shut up already.
It was as if a set of harp strings stretched from Tony’s heart to the tip of his cock, and Steve was playing that harp, perfectly but mercilessly, simply by existing.
"Well, the light's kind of faint," Tony said, trying to sound calm, reassuring. He had this crazy urge to say
Tony: To try to figure out why the meds aren't working, try to bypass that for you. Try to make anesthetics that work, and maybe even antidepressants, I don't know. Shoulda done it ages ago, honestly. I'm an idiot.
Tony made a step towards him, but Steve stopped him with a glance. He came to him instead, halted a few inches away, not touching him. He let his hand wonder up Tony’s inner thigh, teasingly slow, feather-light. The other one found it’s way to the nape of Tony’s neck, guiding his head slightly to the side, giving better access to Tony’s neck. Tony complied happily. Steve’s warm breath tickled his neck for a second, then his lips, met skin, dragging against it, kissing gently, then harder. An army of fiery ants danced up and down Tony’s inner thighs; he stood stock-still. And then, when the sensation was getting too much, too sharp, he felt Steve’s hand cup his balls, thumb them lightly, then close around the root of his cock. The ring of his fist traveled up its length, calluses rubbing against Tony’s tender skin, with pressure that was almost too intense to be comfortable. As Steve rubbed the tip of his thumb up and down the cleft of the cock, Tony shuddered violently, and felt his knees turn to water.
to be an axe murderer. Although he probably wouldn't need an axe, either. "Are you going somewhere in the neighborhood? Not many cars out here on Christmas Eve. By the way, I'm Steve."
When Natasha found out about the whole thing, she rolled her eyes and told them they were all children, especially Clint, who should know better. Sam laughed. Valkyrie was pissed that she hadn't been invited to join in. Also, after a minute's thought, she concluded the techs certainly had much easier time coming up with pranks: they only had to strew the deck with nails or put crates in the way or something like that. If the pilots were going to win this – and she said she'd personally strangle anyone who thought of giving up, now that it was on – they had to take
a him. I'm no good at that, words come with difficulty. I couldn't even hug him; we never really got there.
He was gorgeous and it didn't matter, perhaps because Tony had talked to him before he saw him. Still, he knew one thing: he was going to do his best to protect this man.
Tony: In this shitty, fucked up excuse for a world, you are one of the few people that I actually really love
It took a conscious effort to keep his mouth shut. His feet were itching to run to the side engines, and he kept thinking of those thuds he'd heard all the way through the well insulated ceiling, and he kept hearing the uncharacteristic urgency in Thor's voice as he said
I notice the back of the head of a man she's hugging. They hold each other for a moment, she kisses his cheek, and then she's away. I wish my Tony could see her like this – all grown up and lovely, her jeans and doc Marten's stained with what appears to be motor oil.
"Yeah, you don't know that," Tony muttered. Steve was vulnerable like this, limbs wrapped about Tony, body still shivering lightly, vulnerable and soft. In Tony, worry mixed with protectiveness, but the surprising new addition there was being royally
Tony died, and suddenly, there was nothing left for me there. It was the second time it had happened to me. I'd be able to appreciate the irony, perhaps, but I was busy disintegrating on the inside at the time.
Their captors had let Steve keep his boots, and they seemed unconcerned by him still having his suit on. His cowl was gone, however, and so were his gloves. The touch of his fingers on Tony's ankle was feather-light. Gently, he pulled the sock off, then proceeded to prod and examine the ankle itself, the swelling that had sunk lower and the roof of the foot, as he asked a few generic questions. Of course he had no way of knowing if it was sprained or fractured or
Tony trails his fingers trough the slit, lingering at the hole, poking, probing lightly, unhurriedly. More, it seems to Steve, in curiosity than with any kind of desire.
And yet. What if he was wrong? Like he'd been wrong to wait this long, to never say anything and assume Tony would make the first step. Tony was such a riddle. One moment Steve thought he could read him so well, the next moment he had no idea what was playing around in his head.
"Hey, Romanoff," I say. I want to laugh, but the tears don't seem to let me. I've become that old man that always cries. "Please don't stab me?"
, and it's so delicious, the pressure, the fact that finally there's something strong enough to actually hold Steve down.
to be there now. Still. If it's not too late. Tonight, I keep thinking..." Steve broke off. "After Siberia, I thought it was way too late already, but then you said... In the Compound, you..."
Tony gave him a measuring look. "Really?" he said, not buying it for one minute. (His dry voice, his dancing eyes, oh
matters," he said, and Tony glanced over, and it was almost midnight. How was that possible? How long did he stay with Steve?
And then, all of a sudden, Steve's murmur is coming from way closer, right by Tony's right ear. It's so close, in fact, that Tony can feel hot breath on his skin. "I... I
He imagines this is how it feels to have an estranged sister you don't really talk to, and when you do, you bicker, or you fight, and she's a pain in your butt, and then you stop talking again because it's not really working, and when you once again think you'll sever the ties once and for all, something happens, and you run into her by chance, and then you are laughing together at something inappropriate while everyone is giving you strange looks, or there's a moment of an almost arcane understanding between the two of you, no words needed, or she texts you out of the blue regarding something you've been considering in secret, something you would never tell anyone except maybe her, and then you become aware –
But – no. He knew me. He wouldn't be getting into my face  so aggressively if I was just a random stranger. "Answer me," he ordered. He was... moving, breathing, bristling at me, and it was a miracle.
Tony wants to ask, but it's not a fair question. He needs to give something. Needs to do anything to change this peculiar impasse.
Tony: so in teh lkight of what happened the last time I'm turning the phone off and imma try go to bed, sleep it off now
Tony didn't know what to say to that, so he opted for being practical. "I'll send you the costume, then."
The pleasure is unbearable. The orgasm shakes him and breaks him and he keeps coming and coming in Tony's mouth. Distantly, some part of his brain register the cum leaking out the corners of Tony's lips, although he keeps swallowing diligently. Sucking Steve through orgasm, sucking him through the aftershock. The surges of sweet pain are shaking Steve's body over and over again, and it seems this orgasm will never stop.
The entrance to the flight simulator was through the classroom, and due to the tight schedule, there was always
And, instead of planning how to make this pass as smoothly as possible, what Tony thought instead was:
The way it actually happens is the way things always happen with the Avengers: equal parts drama, disaster and ridiculous timing. Steve is sliding around a street corner at a dead run when he feels the vibrations in his back pocket.
. You know I can take care of myself. I got to check if the guy's all right, though, he might've gotten hurt. Other than that, it's all peachy. Gotta go. Toodles."
Tony pushed past him – not hard, but hard enough to let his irritation show – and started down the left-hand corridor. "Then stop wasting my fucking time,
, years ago, and how good it had felt to hear them, and how desperately Tony hid from them. He could have spent more time with Steve, had he tried. He could have
"Hey, I can take care of myself, but thanks," Scott said lightly and sprawled onto the bunk he'd picked.
Only, that's not really true, is it? It's not true that Steve doesn't care, either, and Tony doesn't know how to feel about these new revelations. (The old him would have gloated a bit, but that would have been just another lie he told himself, anyway. And now it's high time to eradicate all the lies; like lice.)
"You having a good time?" she asks. And while Tony wants to quip about how wet feet and kneeling in the snow are his idea of a very best time, he doesn't. He's not quite sure where he stands with Natasha any more. He doesn't want to spoil any more of what's left between them.
is – could you conceive to ever leave Timely? You know, see the 'verse, help people in need, shoot at the bad guys...?"
So, the real question was could Steve do it? Could he ever be casual with Tony? He knew the answer already, had known it all the while, in all probability. He’d just let the hope mislead him. No, he couldn't do it, because he didn't know how to do things halfway, because he could go all in or not go in at all, because he had no idea how to be 'casual'. The idea of having Tony
"Yeah, yeah, you're fine, we heard," Tony muttered as if to himself. The awareness of Steve's bare skin, so close to his fingertips, was burning its way into his synapses. His breaths were getting shorter. All he needed to do was to brush his fingers against Steve's chest; it would be an accident; no one could say it wasn't.  He could...
"Be safe, Steve." His voice was so gentle that he surprised even himself and it was so soft he wasn't sure Steve heard him at all.
Natasha now stirred Tony around, away from the guards, while they waited for Bruce to finish scrying for magical residues. The door between the sleeping chamber and the solar had served as a portal to another place, he told them as they stepped out into the corridor and towards their communal drawing room. Once there, the wizard went on to explain the details, but all the while Tony nudged and prodded Natasha to finish donning her armor. He was already wearing his, of course. He practically slept in the thing.
Tony pondered how to react to this, decided to go with poker-faced. “What was?” Well, maybe putting his shades back on right then was a tad dramatic.
The problem with that was, couples fight. You have to. That's how you cope with the new situation. That's also just one of the ways to let all those big feelings out. When you love someone, they make you very, very happy, abnormally happy. They also make you
comment. Dale's frog-like face was pretty much cruising for a bruising, but Tony was pumped full of endorphins, so instead, he happily started yelling general maintenance advice across half the deck. It must have been pretty irritating – and loud – since even Darryl came out to see what was going on.
I landed in Central Park. I changed into civvies in the bushes and put on a pair of sunglasses. I scanned the area and I spotted him at once. On a bench, laid back, hiding behind his shades, a phone forgotten in his hand. Before my mind could process this fully, my eyes were already boring into him, drinking him in, cataloguing, storing the sight for later. The way his head was tilted backwards, the line of his chin. I was inhaling his face, to keep forever in my heart. I knew this couldn't last. I knew I'd been granted one last look, one last chance to gaze at him, and yes, this was how I wanted to remember him forever: sunbathing in Central Park, gloriously alive. I expected to be snatched back to my own timeline any second.
happen, but it was just a minor disaster, and could still be contained if he insulated certain parts of his brain. But this needed to be addressed.
He couldn't even remember when he had started feeling like this about Steve. Since forever? At first he had tagged it 'fascination' (because, come on, it was Steve Rogers; he was larger than life, somehow; everyone had googly eyes for him), and then, when he got to know him a little, Tony went with 'buddy infatuation'. Naming was important. He never was particularly skilled at it. But buddy infatuation was a classification that had worked for
"Oh please," Tony shot back. "Look who's talking. Also, if I hadn't gone to find the dog, you'd never have let it go."
So. I know 'we tried' isn't the best thing to say, but we did, and we are sorry it didn't all go according to the plan, and we are also glad we did as much as we could to help. Now, if you are asking if we had a clearance to be there, no, nope. As I said, international fugitives. Remember our list of crimes I mentioned before – it keeps growing. It is what it is. Why did we take the liberty to do this? Well, who else is going to? I said governments were involved, we are pretty sure. Some... some parties that might have intervened here were blindsided to the whole thing, and if they hadn't been, their hands would have been tied. There wasn't time for anything else, so we went in, we did what we could, and you can hate us for it, or you can understand why we did it, but we are... we, once again, we
Tony: Which is a risk when you do what we do, granted. But in the cases where the risk is controllable, I’m going to fucking control it. Zemo did his best to undo me personally in order to take his revenge on the Avengers. And you.
There was nothing Tony wouldn't have done for Morgan, especially because it was Christmas and also her birthday. This was doubly so this year, while she was still struggling to understand the practical meaning of divorce. She was supposed to stay with him on Christmas Eve, and then, come Christmas Day cum her birthday (she dubbed it 'birthmas'), they would join Pepper in the city, and all three of them would go and eat horrible food that Morgan picked and then they would visit a theme park. Morgan still had to decide which one it would be; she kept changing  her preferences daily. Hell, Tony would have
"Don't get too cocky," she said. "Try to shut up. Listen to what he's saying." She considered for a moment. "And
“Hey, Cap,” he said as if absolutely nothing was out if the ordinary, because all the other options were beyond imaginable; he could feel Steve’s warmth against his cheek.
Inside, two perfect, golden circlets lay together. At first I thought they were completely plain, but then I saw our symbols engraved on the insides. My shield on one, his helmet on the other. If I put one of the rings on, it would look like just another wedding band. No one but us would even know about the engravings.
." It's as if he's only digesting it now. "Why the hell are we talking about..." He turns to me, looks me fully in the eye for the first time. "Hey," he says softly. "You all right?"
Rhodey twisted his mouth wryly, finally taking notice of him. "Can you believe this?" he said, with a vague wave towards the conversation. "I can't land two minutes alone with my girlfriend the whole night. It's either someone wants to talk to her or someone wants to ask me for directions."
talk, Tony could keep this under control. If they started talking, he'd fall fast, and that just wouldn't do.
Tony: About what I said that night – which is one of the things I didn't quite mean, which you've probably figured out, but still.
Nine days of Tony's never-ending fretting and snapping and pacing up and down whenever they stopped for the night. Nine days of Clint's incessant sharpening of his throwing knives and his arrowheads, as well as endless adjusting and readjusting of the fletching. Nine days of Bruce alternating between staring into his scrying bowl (yes, even on horseback, not that he'd been a particularly spectacular horseman to begin with) and softly playing ballads on his lyre. Natasha normally thought his music sweet and soothing, but right now she considered strangling him with a string if she heard
a planet, really. The desert itself was huge, to start with, let alone everything else. But, if you traveled through
He moved marginally closer to Steve. He imagined he could feel the warmth oozing off the man in waves, but, Tony rationalized, it must be himself, his heart pumping frantically, so loud Steve was probably able to hear it.
Bruce sniffed the liquid, crinkled up his nose, then took a cautious sip. "At least no one's gone blind so far," he said. "
Even though he laughed out, Steve's face was burning. He could tell she could tell, and he could tell she found it amusing and it made him feel even more awkward. "That's not..." He pressed his fingertips to his eyelids for a moment. Let himself be in darkness. Then he opened his eyes. "Yeah, all right. I'm being an idiot about it. Nothing can ever happen on that front. You know it, and I know it, and that's it. But I actually... I
Tony huffed. "No. Okay, yes. Of Morgan! She's just turned three. If this dude charms her, I'm going to throw him into the lake and not feel sorry for a second."
"I don't think we should be doing that. Probably." This from Steve, without much conviction. Tony still used it as an excuse to round up on him, step closer, get into his face.
The whispering wasn't necessary, really; they were outside, on the porch, true, but Tony's house was a bit outside of town and Tony was sure there was no one close enough to either see or hear them. And yet, he found it difficult to speak at full volume himself, for some reason.
"For as long as you want to," Steve said firmly. "Let's go back to my pavilion and try to talk about all of it one more time."
Peter gave him a once over. "Yeah, but feeling the way you do, you've got more to lose by not talking than by talking. And he seemed as weirded out as you did, now that I think about it. Tony, I don't think he'll blow you off. You gotta try."
, that all Steve can do is yell out. And the flood rises high then, white hot sensations forming a closed circuit between his stretched anus, his prostate, his neglected cock, and he almost comes right then, but by then Tony is pulling out already.
but the thought wasn’t so coherent even in his own head, and he certainly had no words that matched the feeling.
I didn't have it in me, right then, to grin back and say 'never say never' or to make some other attempt at quippiness. But I did do my best to smile at him. "So, to answer your question," I went on, "as I said, I loved him." For some reason, my own words gave me strength. Or, if not strength, then at least some kind of emotional insubordination that doubles as strength for me. I could take stubborn pride in my own unrealistic feelings.
Tony moved back, a step, then two. He wore Howard's old bathrobe on top of his clothes (he had found it in his parent's bedroom, as if it had been put away yesterday, in an armoire that still smelled of mothballs). On his feet he had Maria's old slippers. To her eternal consternation, his mom had had huge feet, for a woman. Howard always said they were there to balance her grace and beauty out, and to keep her honest. He said they were counterweights that kept her from floating away towards the heavens. He said he would never get tired of charming her over and over again (although, in the end, he did).
I pulled my wallet out of my back pocket and passed him the photo I'd begged from Pepper for keepsakes, on the day of Tony's funeral. On it, both Starks really looked alike, too. She was sitting on his shoulders; age two.
"Aw, lay off, Barton," he snapped, more crossly then he'd intended. "The kid's gotta sleep somewhere."
until the fact pierced his thick skull. I loved him, more than anything. I'd known for ages that I'd come to stay forever, if he wanted me to.
Steve took a sip of coffee and felt it spread its warm fingers through his gut. He didn't remember if he'd read or heard any gossip about Tony's relationship status. Information of that sort was most often inaccurate, anyway, and made you feel cheep for consuming it besides. But while he was musing on this, Steve took a look at Tony's profile, his firm, compact frame; his own mouth apparently decided to say: "Who'd dump
"I suppose," Tony said, "but no one died, if that's what you meant. How do I put this? No, wait, I don't need to spare any feelings apart from my own, and those are out of commission at the moment, so. In any case, I got gloriously dumped."
"Let's see how you do," Rogers said, and there was a bit of challenge in his voice, and it made Tony's foot go straight to the accelerator of its own volition and
But gradually it became easier, and then we stopped thinking about it entirely. Still, as I said, it took time.
"I'm sorry about last night," he manages to say because on the way here he rehearsed it. He figured, if he got to say anything at all to Steve, he had to say that one sentence.
Still, with the full G on, he felt every turn, every change in direction. He was pressed into the seat, then his chest was pressed into the straps of the chair, puling against them. A jerk, a violent turn to the right, and then back again. He thought his eyes were going to pop out of the sockets, but he was also distantly aware he couldn't stop laughing and whooping.
Steve had eyes only for him. Tony looked pudgy and young in a ratty old bathrobe, with an ancient pair of red sweatpants underneath. And regular knit woolly socks. There was something endearing about the picture, or there would be if Tony's eyes weren't as guarded, the muscles around his lips as tight.
Tony: Hey. If I came off as a jerk earlier that's because... I am one, I guess? I'm in some kind of a funk too.
He'd let it all go too far. That was the problem with The Game, a part of him mused idly, while the rest of his brain focused on breathing. When you try to play it, sometimes you fall into the trap yourself. You start paying attention to someone's reactions, aware of each tiny cue, each hitched breath or almost-touch, of every brush of hand against hand or word against word, and in the end it turns out you've only managed to play yourself.
He left the signal on, like a beacon, and let the recorded message play on repeat. Then he grabbed his gun, because yes, there was one left, one that he hadn't melted, just in case, just in case...
Did Fury, of all people, have to be the commander of the only gunstar ship that survived the jump? The thought was petty. No, it was horrible; he'd been overjoyed to find out how many people from his old life had somehow survived this disaster. There was Rhodey, previously stationed on
Tony turned, gave him a half-hearted glare. "They – what, they asked you to trade yourself for me? And you said yes? You thought they'd honor the deal? Seriously?" And unwanted, unwarranted, there was something in his chest that twisted and writhed and was close to tears, but those were not bad tears, necessarily. Because – he barely dared think it – Steve had come for him,
Tony grunted. "Thanks to my uncanny ability to transport other people from underground cells to the DC at a drop of a hat?"
Oh, god. All the Howard's stories. For Steve it was so recent and painful. How must he feel, right now, here, in this time.
"Did he get water in his lungs?" Tony asked Friday, as he pulled Steve's vest off and grabbed a wooly blanket that he started tucking around Steve's torso. The skin under his fingers was sickly grayish, and clammy; like touching a fish. If Steve died like this, stupidly, from the only thing he ever feared, Tony would...
She gave him a look as if he was crazy, which, coming to think of it, may well have been the case. "No, I
Tony: So, I think I probably said that in order to hurt myself rather than you. Just, the most hurtful scenario my stupid brain could come up with. And then I had to send it to you. With the result of... well, you're familiar with the result. I wanted to kick Barnes' head in, and you were the collateral. I wanted to hurt myself the worst I could, to twist the knife, saying what I said. And you again, as the collateral.
Tony snorted. "Point." He stuffed four into his gun belt, then collected the rest of the gear too, because leaving it for the goons when they came to would be stupid. When both he and Steve were out of the cell, they politely locked the door behind them. They dumped an armful of other belts and vests on the floor. Tony's leg was still killing him, but he was sort of getting used to it again. The problem was, he moved hella slow like this. He wiped off the sweat from his brow and tried not to sigh.
Blinking away the stinging in his eyes, Tony opted for nodding his head. Technically, it was true, after all. He didn't want to confuse Steve further. With extreme gentleness, he started removing Steve's shoes and pants. Many years back, the whole team had taken a course on treating a cold shock victim (among other things). He knew what to do. It was just that his throat was tight ad his own hands were starting to shake, and he was scared the way he had rarely been scared in his life. Normally,  in a situation like this, he'd be taking Steve to a hospital, and then he'd hover obsessively until the doctors threw him out. Still, while he could fly him there even in this kind of weather, it wouldn't be so smart to get Steve back out into the cold in this condition.
Some of it must have shown on his face, because Stark gave him a hard look and a barely perceptible nod. It was almost as if he'd read Steve's mind, and Steve found it slightly disconcerting.
Tony: I have to ask. Did the fact that you didn't tell me about H and M have nothing to do with Barnes? I'm really trying to sidestep my feelings on the matter and not be hard on you about it, not right now that you're falling apart and bursting at the seams and finally talking, Christ almighty, and drinking milk of all things, for fuck's sake. But. How? I mean. It's not easy for me either. This. Talking to you about this. I think that the fact you didn't tell me was actually you protecting him. From me. Because you figured I'd do something to him. And if that's the case, you should be honest. Which I still hope you are. But I'm thinking maybe you aren't. But if you are going to talk about this, then you can't skim over the issue. Which I'm trying to tell myself you are AGAIN doing in order not to upset me, god knows I'm not the most stable of people and my reactions are anthological, but Steve, come on. You gotta tell the truth, Rogers. It can't go on like this. That's not how this works. If that's how it's going to be, I
to shake it off. He wanted to enjoy it for as long as he could, because this was the end – it was over before it started. That was it, he got his Christmas miracle, but like with Cinderella, it would last until midnight only.
This was... irritating. This heartbreaking situation, this thing that hampered something Tony had come to desire with all his heart – it was positively... irritating.  "Aw come on," he snapped. "Even out here? This side of the red line? Who's gonna mind? Who's gonna
"Are you sure you should go on?" he asked, not wanting to push further, but unable to keep silent on this. "It's late. I can help you find a place to stay." It probably came out wrong, but he could hardly mess up more than he already did.
Tony thought his voice faltered there towards the end of the sentence, but honestly, he didn't give two fucks.
"Nonsense," Tony said. "You're talented. You just didn't have much time to dedicate to it. Have you been drawing at all since, eh...?" He faltered, because ignoring the elephant in the room had proven a pretty good strategy, and he didn't want to talk about it, he just didn't. Even mentioning the elephant indirectly seemed too much.
Almost simultaneously – or so it seemed to Tony – they turned aside, looking for a way out. And Tony said: "Oh, I have to..." and Steve said, "Oh, there's Bucky, I'm just going to..." and just like that they were apart, and the subsequent relief did nothing to fill the emptiness Tony felt.
Steve moved a tad closer, rested his dick on Tony’s leg; moved it back and forth in barely noticeable motions, leaving trails of fire over the skin of Tony’s thigh. But: “Anything you like,” he said, his voice hoarse but unwavering.
happened, perhaps, even for one night only – it would have been different, because it would have meant something to Steve. He hadn't felt this close to anyone in ages, this understood, this... not alone. It made him come alive, like being thawed for the second time, but this time all the way through.
Tony felt Steve’s guffaw reverberate all the way through him. “Oh, boy,” he said, refusing to consider all the interesting things this did to his innards. “You’ve missed out on everything, haven’t you.” Trying to inventory his own limbs wasn’t a good idea either, because they were hopelessly entangled with the warm mass of blankets and... well,
"We could play cards," Scott said hopefully, and Daisy, one of the Jessicas, a guy named Cage and Quentin Quint said okay. Not Banner, though. Banner seemed happy to sprawl on his bunk with a book. Tony hesitated for a moment. Then, ignoring the card players, he walked over.
"You don't understand," I said more sharply then I intended. Ripping off the Band-Aid was the best strategy, perhaps, but I could still try to be gentler. I took a deep breath. "I'm in love with you." His face was unreadable. "I'm sorry, Tony." His eyes, an unbreakable piece of code. Watching my every move. "I can't do this, I can't be friends with benefits with you, I can't, because I love you, and I really, really have to go now or I'll probably start crying, and I'm really trying to avoid that?" I finished matter-of-factly, because that way I kept a semblance of control over my own words.
He looked disappointed that I'd guessed it, but it passed in a second. He smiled back. "Yeah. Turns out, he'd been carrying a torch since 2008, and she never even thought about him in that way before that day. And somehow it worked."
“I’m getting tired,” he said sometime in the late afternoon, because he’d promised, and because it was the responsible thing to do; and as much as he hated the idea of this stolen day ending, he was surprised to realize the thought of the fire and the snacks and dozing off wrapped up in a blanket seemed enticing. But
And now, here, Tony seemed more distant with every word, every sentence made him even less Steve's than before. This was Tony's real life, his ticket out of here, and he was going to go, and Steve was going to stay, and that was going to be that.
all right?" Tony countered, because in those few steps it took Steve to get to him, Tony had suddenly realized what was striking him wrong. Steve moved stiffly. Like back in Siberia, there at the end, when he'd limped out.
for you." Tony tried for a dry tone, but the rhythm was pulling at him, he had to admit that, and Peter was grinning, and still didn't let go of Tony's hand.
Then he glanced around. Probably figured it wasn't okay to waste the woman's time. Sighed. He then put a hand up to the zipper of his protection suit. Hesitated. He very decidedly wasn't looking at Tony.
, Steve half pushed half dragged him in. All his resolutions amounted to nothing, if Steve was going to be like this. (This angry and determined and insanely hot.)
"Is this why you woke me up?" Bruce turned over in bed and squinted at Tony. "It's still dim-lights. What
I do know, because I know his tells, I know because I've spent half my life with a version of him, I know because I can see how he looks at me like I'm about to slip through his fingers and disappear any moment now even though I'm not going anywhere.
Because – Tony couldn't lie to himself any longer. Steve must care about him too, in some way. It was obvious. As a friend, at least. He must care, because, no matter how kind and nice he was, he wouldn't be coming over here
Tony was sitting by the window. By the light from his gauntlet, purposefully positioned on the window sill, he was rummaging through the desk, sorting through a number of small objects (batteries and pencil sharpeners and rolls of tape and screws of all sizes) grouped into haphazard-looking piles on the desk top. He raised his eyes to Steve without really raising his head; a corner of his mouth perked up. "More tea for me?" It was the mildest of sarcasms.
. And if I’d had a sliver of empathy, I’d have known not to drag you through snow and ice all day,” he added. By what Tony could see, Steve was hugging himself under the blankets; and all Tony wanted was to get closer, wrap his arms around him and hold him until it all got better. It wasn’t even about this crazy chemistry thing that seemed to have sprung up between them. At the moment all Tony wanted was to make Steve warm again.
, coming from you." Only, Rhodey's wry reply seemed as automatic as Tony's own. And, kidding aside, his friend did seem kind of strange.
, firm and vice-like. Tony's body smashed into Steve's, and that was it, that was the breaking point. Tearing his arm from Steve's grip, Tony put both his hands on Steve's shoulders, and pushed with all he had.
here. There are many people who know how it was, who lived through it, and almost died. Maybe they even reported from the spot. We all do our jobs best we can. You, I seem to remember you. What's your name.
Before he leaves, Steve observes Morgan with Tony, Morgan with Pepper, for a few moments. He notices the way Pepper's lips tighten when Tony jokes around with the little girl – some adorable Tony nonsense about whom she loves best and inventing a scoring system. He observes, also, how Tony's hand twitches when Pepper starts to reprimand Morgan about the impolite way she greets Steve, and also when Morgan knows what her Mom is about to say and corrects her behavior almost too quickly. Already, Morgan is two slightly different people, one for each parent. But perhaps that would have happened regardless of the divorce. Perhaps there is some super secret father-daughter space where mothers are not invited; perhaps there is a certain mother-daughter wordless symbiosis in which everyone is a third wheel, even Dad. Maybe things even out in the end; or, then again, maybe not.
The fact was, everything had been hectic ever since the Sokovian special forces showed up in the derelict building and invited the attackers to immediately surrender. Rhodey had hinted he and Hope were allowed to unofficially partake in the operation because no one, and especially not the Sokovian police, wanted to be responsible for what happened to someone as internationally important as Tony Stark.
Tony's breaths were now lengthening gradually. Still, standing there and just breathing was pretty much all he was capable of at the moment.
," Steve said with a dramatic emphasis and laughed softly. He put the weight down for a second, wiped the sweat off his forehead. "No, I'm aware of it. The guys don't have much else to do. You can't just play pool or triad for days or months on end..." He arched his eyebrows and looked at Nat with humor tinged with weariness. "I thought
tired, and jacuzzi sounds like a wet dream, in more ways than one, even if he's alone in it, which would – let's face it – definitely be the case tonight.
Tony: And I wasn't even sure if I WANTED the phone to buzz or not, it's like an odd in- between state, where I both want it and not, so that I can have this moment last longer. I'm lying in bed and I'm so overexcited I'm almost shaking. And of course I can't sleep now. I haven't been this giddy since second grade, fuck this. I think I can positively hear thoughts flurrying around in my head.
The impulse to reach out and touch his hair, smooth out the wrinkles on his forehead wasn’t sudden. It crept up on Tony softly, like snowfall; he was pretty much grateful to fate both his hands were safely under the blankets before the impulse grew too strong.
I hadn't been going to protest too loudly anyway. Nowadays, as it turned out, Tony lived in a huge two-level apartment in Lower East Side, and when I say a two-level apartment, I of course mean he had two whole topmost floors to himself. The penthouse was where he lived. The lower floor was his workshop. I missed the tower terribly for all of two seconds and I was glad to see again some of the furniture from Tony's floor; those armchairs were old friends, really. But then I told myself, quite firmly, that none of that mattered. The tower had been home only because Tony and the others were there. It's very useful to consider a person your home. That makes it quite portable.
?" He tried to catch a breath. "We should have an early Christmas in here. Decorate the flush tank, make a blanket fortress, spend a cozy night staring at the wall." Another fit of giggles overcame him.
Only, Cap basically had the power to ground him permanently before Tony even put a foot in the cockpit.
Tony was already by the door when it opened and chief Jacobson came in. He took Tony's unresisting hand, shook it twice with some reluctance and even slapped him on the back; weakly. He was radiating so much awkwardness Tony instantly felt sorry for him.
me it was not how wars worked," Fury corrected gruffly. "And I never asked for your pearls of wisdom, just your skills as a mechanic."
about the weather!) and located Bucky beause, he figured, Bucky wouldn't pester him about anything. Well, tough luck.
"T-Tony?" he asked around a huge yawn, and the sleepiness in his voice made Tony feel simultaneously guilty and pleased, because Steve answered his call. "Tony? Is something wrong?" Steve sounded wide awake and concerned now.
", Rhodey repeated, not louder, but with more emphasis. A few heads turned, including the very reproachful look from the secretary of education. But Carol – Carol turned, ignoring her, ignoring everyone else. "Carol," Rhodey repeated, and then, very fast and quite loudly: "
He moved away from me, then, turned to look me in the face. He was now staring at me with those big eyes behind those big glasses, and I didn't know what to do
Steve turned in outrage as loosely packed snow exploded against the back of his neck, but he just shook his head and his face melted into laughter. Tony grinned at him. “Told you you should wear a balaclava.”
And then Steve had an idea. Natasha was not going to like it. And he'd probably have to have a chat with Darryl afterwards, too.
Tony kept his face straight. Nodded at him, chin-up, doing his best to seem... well, disinterested. Then he made himself say: "Yes, Cap," to preserve a modicum of civility.
Was that what this was? He did seem extremely pissed at Steve earlier. Now he was sweet and pliant, all gentle touches and soft kisses. The darkness wasn't a problem for Steve with his dark vision. He studied Tony's half-lowered eyelids from up close, and he wanted to kiss them, one and then the other – and maybe he should, now that he had his chance. So yes, let's do that, he thought, let's do everything I've wanted to do. Still, he chickened out halfway through and just rested his lips against Tony's cheekbone.
He was running a loving finger over a drawing. Now he looked up at me, incredulous. "Angry? These are lovely. But they are still not the proof of what you wanted to prove, Steve."
Tony: I never thought I'd be saying this, but Barton's not so bad at PR. Cutely clueless but kind of in your face. Got that feisty teddy bear act together pretty well.
"Don't even think about it," Carol said as Tony turned to Rhodey with a mock desperate expression on his face. Rhodey grinned and gave him a helpless shrug. Not even a quip? Seriously, he definitely seemed distracted tonight. Tony would have to drag him to the side and ask him what that was all about.
Pepper had turned out to be a huge help with the cleanup part. With half the world in shambles, a new superheroine named Rescue had made her presence count. (She could have gone with Iron Maiden like Tony suggested, she
Steve stumbled over something on the floor – something that seemed suspiciously soft under his foot. He swore to himself as he bent down.
"Groups – that's how we do it at home too, as a matter of fact" Thor seemed to be back in his full jovially-rumbling mode. "Heroes travel in bands, and the bands do everything together. Fight together, drink together. You cannot disband a band of friends." Thor pursed his lips at his own words, shot an apologetics look at Tony, and it took him a split second to add: "Not when I am here, at least." Thor looked the woman in the eye and let his best smile melt slowly all over his face,  but she seemed unusually immune to his charms.
Steve thought ruefully. And he would have taken it, too. It wasn't that he was desperate. He could have had sex with someone if he'd wanted to. Not to be immodest, but he wasn't blind, he saw how people looked at him. But
“All right.” Steve regarded him for a moment, his brows raised in amusement. “How about doing something new? Would that count?”
Steve scrutinized him for a moment. Then: “Stress.” (As if he’d made an actual discovery, Tony thought.) Steve leaned against the bookcase, that didn’t even creak in protest. It seemed to like him. “I’ve,” he went on, “known people to do things to themselves, when they needed to vent – I mean, far worse than take a stim and go skiing,” he observed, almost to himself.
If he learned something yesterday, it's that it's worth trying to say things to people before they start falling through holes in the ice and getting hypothermia and stuff. Still, even though he normally has no problem with the verbal side of things, he has no idea how to put any of this into words. He's willing to try, though, at least a little bit.
"I don't think anyone's coming, Cap," Tony admitted. (Tony hadn't planned to tell him that, because it was easier to have an out ready, but now all of a sudden he wasn't so sure he wanted an out.) "The last I checked before I lost the signal, the roads down there were getting snowed in. A freak storm, it wasn't in the forecast, obviously. I mean, the guys could technically take the ski lift to the peak over there" – he nodded towards the western wall – "and ski over with overnight bags, but I don't think anyone will. They'll probably stay in the resort and have fun. These are corporate folks; they are more about decades-old whiskey and shop talk than about the actual skiing."
Tony: A testimony, even were Everhart to give it, wouldn't be enough in itself. I haven't been in contact with any other possible witnesses. So, no case there. And Steve, when I said I gave Everhart all she wanted, it's true. This is every reporter's dream. This kind of data, this kind of opportunity for investigative journalism, she's going to lend a Pulitzer over it, wouldn't surprise me. She's not giving up a source like that. What can they promise her? Money? That's not what she's after here. Glory? They gave her that when they fucking arrested her. There are PROTESTS over the treatment of her, and for the freedom of the media. They are pretty massive. And I've got a wind that they are going to let her go by tonight, because at this point, with the government agencies, it's the matter of damage control.
The big man's presence was impossible to ignore. It burned in Tony's conscience like a torch. For some reason, he stood out, with waves of people breaking off him and around him. Tony looked away, but a moment later glanced back. He couldn't help it. Cap caught his gaze, held it.
Tony opened his mouth to say something, but Steve cut in. "I never wanted to hurt you, Tony. That was the last thing I wanted. I..."
"The what?" Tony had no idea what he was talking about. And that was probably the cold shock, the confusion being one of the symptoms.
Tony looked to the side, but the person approaching was just Carol. Rhodey seemed to already have spotted her. For a moment Tony wondered what the deal was; this wasn't like Rhodey and Carol at all, they were all about honesty and openness. Their romance seemed whirlwind fast to Tony. After the few initial, tentative steps, they skipped and skidded through most of the flirtation, and slid straight into the rock-solid area of an actual relationship. Tony had mentioned it, and Rhodey had said: "Jesus, Tony, I'm turning 49 this year, and either me or Carol could pretty much get killed in combat any day of the week. I don't waste time." It seemed like a solid strategy to Tony; he wished he himself could ever get to a level higher than high school, but there were games he simply wasn't any good at.
What Tony had loved before now seemed like a cardboard cutout (like a paper doll they wouldn't let you play with as a kid because you were a boy, for fuck's sake). He looked at the metaphorical doll in his hands and just shrugged noncommittally. What he now wanted was to take a million of Steve's brain-scans and paste them all over the walls and stare at them for hours (he was more or less aware normal people probably wouldn't consider this particularly romantic). In any case, his own glaring hurt had slowly retreated, step by step, faced with Steve's pain and regret regarding everything that had happened – the feelings Tony had become illogically, unexpectedly privy to against all odds; in the end, his own pain had mostly bowed out and taken a back seat for the rest of the ride.
Tony: But that doesn't help us deal with the realities of the situation. I have to play with the hand I got. Get the best out of it. How can you not understand that?
"It wouldn't have worked." Because Bruce had already tried it with Natasha, and failed. You couldn't undo death, not even with the help of the Infinity Stones. No, both of them were lost to us. Once again I felt untethered, once again the people I wanted to see most were in the past. Not unreachable, exactly, but, in a way, untouchable. "And even if it did work, it wouldn't have been real." It wouldn't have been him. I didn't want something I perhaps could have created with the help of the stones, if I tried hard enough – something built from spun sugar.
Tony: Did you think I dropped this into the conversation to guilt-trip you for not telling me? Really?
But there, on the other side of the ballroom, there was a splash of vivid color and joy and pain. Surrounded with their friends, his fortress walls, Tony was laughing loudly, his face animated. He was telling a story; all the gazes were plastered on him. Somehow, he looked more unapproachable than ever.
Who would have thought it had already been a year since they won and turned the Old Purple and his posse into three tons of noodles and a matchstick? Time flies when you're having fun, and the cleanup after worldwide warfare and laying foundations for intergalactic relations were the special kind of fun Tony could have done without.
Thor was generally a good sport and nice to everyone. He didn't disappoint this time either. He laughed uproariously, and Barton snorted. Even Natasha Romanoff, who rarely said a word to anyone, deigned to turn her head and arch an eyebrow. "And here I thought you had a soft spot for a different engineer, Thor," she noted.
Tony: I'd been doing this shit for 15 years and I'm sick of it. And I have other things to worry about. But I do know what I'm doing. And you just... you don't have to assume I'd just be toying with things like that. Because WHEN have I done anything like that?
