“You know, Aunt Peggy used to tell me about the grenade at boot camp. And the flagpole. The way that you kept on going, even with half the other recruits laughing in your face.”
“I wish I could say I was surprised.” Steve sighed. “But even when I knew him, he loved to drink and work. Not a great combination for a father.”
“I don’t wanna spoil anything, Cap. But I may have to start my own YouTube channel called ‘Captain America Reacts’. Like Kids React but so much better.”
Steve made a noise that let Tony know he didn’t believe him, and Tony sighed, going back to his tablet.
,” Tony gasped, nails scrabbling across his back. Only then did Steve put his hands in Tony’s pants.He stroked Tony a could of time, then brought his come covered hand to his mouth and
Steve looked at him and sighed, and Tony gave him his best puppydog eyes. They worked. Steve grumbled something about cheating and took the pill bottle from him, reading the label.
“Nuh uh. You get my dick this hard you’re gonna use it. C’mere.” Tony spins so Steve the one with his back to the wall, and the sound he makes when Tony presses him there is positively pornagraphic.
“Why don’t you take care of it yourself?” Natasha asked, she didn’t sound hesitant. Simply curious. Steve scoffed.
"Morgan?" he called softly, stoping several feet away from her. He still could hardly see her, part of him was terrified too. Terrified to see what she might look like, to know what had brought her to him so soon. His thoughts fell to Steve a moment, wondering if he knew where their little girl was.
“Feel good?” Steve breathed into his mouth, all Tony could do was groan and close his eyes, because Steve’s hands were on him, pushing up under his shirt, strong hands greedy for skin as Steve moved to mouth over the erection that was straining painfully against the zipper of his jeans.
“What’s going on? Why’re you wet? You were at  The lake again weren’t you?” he asked accusingly. The Lake was a bad place to be. Addicting. It drove people crazy.
Tony exited the elevator and shuffled to their bedroom, taking a deep breath in, enjoying the smell he associated with home. Irish Spring and clean sheets and leather. Tony sighed as he got into bed, pulling the warm duvet over his shoulder and up to his chin. Steve’s body heat made their bed an oven, and he
“I texted you...” Tony blurted, feeling his own face warm up as he shifted in his seat, pleasantly uncomfortable. Steve’s smile faded, and Tony wondered if he’d done something wrong.
“How long do you think they’re gonna keep them in there?” Shield hadn’t told anybody shit, and it was getting increasingly frustrating.  It wasn’t like they were going to divulge any information to tabloids and news stations. Tony was convinced Hill was intentionally being a dick.
“It’s okay, I got ya,” Tony said, holding a crying Morgan in his arms. It’s been three days, and she was still dreaming about the ‘bad men’. Tony decided he was going to get to the bottom of it once and for all. He remembered how slowly things had come back to him, mostly in dreams. He remembered his own terror, and his heart aced for her.
“Who?” he asked, stacking the remaining uneaten bars in the corner. There were twenty nine of them left.
“ What can you tell me about the Howling Commandos? Particular Steve Rogers?” There was a pause, during which Pepper found out that James Barnes had a glare that could send mobsters running with their tails between their legs.
Steve had him maneuvered and pinned to the wall before he could finish the thought. His head thunked the drywall that hadn’t been replaced since the early nineties, if anything the momentary throb of the back of his head mingled with the pleasure of Steve running his cool tongue along the underside of his dick and swirling around the head.
“Can you walk?” She nodded her head ‘yes’ and slipped her hand into his. The kid looks worse than he does, with his too long, too dirty hair and beard, his too thin body, he looked homeless. But the kid? The stress of the last week and a half was heavy in her. She was just as dirty and emaciated as he, her hair was a wild, matted mess on her head.She looked like death walking. She looked like she was ready to lay down and die. Steve wasn’t sure if he’d survive that. He was doing everything in his power to make this transition easy for her, all the wile knowing nothing on earth could possibly change the fact that this world was nothing she’d ever seen before. She had no place in it. Technically she didn’t even exist. They weren’t even sure how old she was. She was either small for her age or incredibly intelligent, it was hard to tell.
“ Gross, get a glass you animal,” Tony muttered, smacking him in the arm and going back to his seat. “ And I only have them from when I broke my had last year.”
“ I think she can hear us,”  Bruce muttered, brow furrowed in interest. “…Do you think she’s human?”
Steve was knocked out on the bed on top of the covers, one arm under his head, the other sprawled out, extended towards Tony’s empty side of the bed. Steve was also naked as the day he was born and
“ No, no he just seems...off is all, Tony. I don’t want you getting hurt. There’s just something about him that doesn’t sit right with me.” Pepper said, earnestly. “ I mean, he goes out and half the time you don’t even know where he is. Didn’t you tell me you caught him coming in late a few weeks back?”
She looked at him like she was deliberating, and for a moment Tony worried he hadn’t covered the bruise well enough.
Tony snorted. “ You know for that whole ‘apple pie’ thing you’ve got going on you’re pretty practiced in the smooth talking department.”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have talked like that.” She’d been hurt and it was his fault. He knew what they did to her. Every single cut, every single zap with the prod they’d given him, they’d given her too. All because he wouldn’t talk. He still wouldn’t. For the first time, Steve looked the kid up and down. She’s propped herself against the wall. Most of her wounds were dressed, but many had already bled though bandages. They didn’t look like they’d been changed in days. How long had he been out?
“Sure, Cap. Let’s get some breakfast.” Tony gave Steve a smile. It was strained and tired but genuine. Steve glanced between Tony and Bruce but finally nodded. “All right. I hope you can cook cuz I sure as shit can’t. You coming, Bruce?”
Steve groaned and pressed his forehead against the punching bag. Fuck, fuck, fuck. This was bad. This was really, truly bad. Even as a teenager, Steve had never quite wanted someone this badly. And it pained him to think about it but he hadn’t even wanted Peggy this way. He hardly knew Tony but he wanted him so bad it hurt.
“I am, yeah.” Steve set his drink down and looked at a spot on the table. “You’re bein’ too good to me, Tony.”
“Haven’t you heard? That’s the look now. Have you not seen all of Clint’s outfits? Has to show off his arms all the time. Like, we get it. You’re useful.” Tony rolled his eyes and Steve chuckled.
“Yeah, maybe.” Steve felt numb. He didn’t know what he had expected. Of course Tony wasn’t going to stay. What did Tony have to stick around for? Pepper was already back in Malibu. His company and his house and his actual friends. Steve shouldn’t be feeling so angry and betrayed. He had no right. Tony was not his. It had felt like it. For a brief and beautiful moment, holding each other in the harsh lights of the gym, Tony had been his.
“Yeah, yes. Dinner. Absolutely. We’re on our way home and I’ll see you for dinner.” Tony hung up before she could answer. Pepper was going back to California. To his actual house. He had gotten so wrapped up in the Battle of New York and Bruce and Steve and the Avengers...he had forgotten that he didn't normally live in New York. Huh. Stay in New York with Steve and Bruce and maybe Natasha and Clint depending on how charitable he feels. Who knows about Thor. Or go back to Malibu with Pepper. His girlfriend. He had been contemplating proposing before all of this. Before the Avengers. ...Before Steve. Fuck. He was in so much trouble.
“I appreciate that but you should really see yourself.” Tony rolled his hips again and Steve arched his back.
“I wouldn’t know.” Steve sounded slightly amused and Tony had to resist the urge to smile. “I’m...not sure how I feel about this one...” He glanced down at the outfit Tony had picked out for him.
“I’m sorry, Natasha. It’s just...I never thought about it.” Steve finally shook his head, the laughter fading. “I guess I’m not really qualified for anything else anyhow.”
“It’s got built in sensors. Can track and record your movements and how much weight you’re putting behind your punches.”
“You’re full of surprises, Steve Rogers.” Tony gave a teasing grin. “Who knew you were such a little punk?
“Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.” Steve automatically crossed himself. Guess his muscle memory was pretty impressive too.
“Well, first that you were always a scrappy little shit. But when you aren’t trying to hide it, your Brooklyn accent is surprisingly hot.”
“Put on the suit. We’ll go a few rounds.” He really had not meant for it to come out as suggestive as he was afraid that it had. Oh, this was a bad idea. Tony raised his other brow.
“Okay. Well dinner tonight then? I’m heading back to Malibu tomorrow morning and it would be nice to see you before I leave.”
“Guess you have a point.” Steve shoved his hands in his pockets. The wraps were still on them. He would take them off later.
“I am afraid there is only one way to find out.” Steve sighed and he thought he heard the priest chuckle. “The Lord is always here for you. And so am I. The Church of St. Patrick’s is a sanctuary for you, should you need it.”
“They talk to you about it?” Steve downed the rest of his glass and set it aside. “Sorry, Tony. I’m just...” That hadn’t been particularly kind. Or tactful. In the few interactions they had, Steve knew Tony wasn’t really an open guy. That disarming smile did its job.
“This is really generous of you, Tony. I really appreciate you taking time out of your day to do this for me.”
Steve reached back in his memories to church on Sundays. Purgatory. Limbo. A waiting place. Not hell but not heaven either. Not dead but not really alive. Maybe he had been in purgatory for the last 70 years. Maybe he had never made it out of the ice. Steve wasn’t sure if this made him feel better or worse. And he didn’t know how to feel about that either. It probably wasn’t a good sign. He should drag himself to a church. Could hear the damn priest now. How long since your last confession? Seventy-six years. Not since Ma died.
All the words that Steve wanted to say got caught in his throat. His mind was racing almost as quickly as his pulse. Tony wanted to stay. Steve wanted him to stay. He didn’t know what any of it meant and he didn’t really care. Tony needed to stay here. This was his home, their home. He couldn’t just leave Steve and Bruce and Natasha and Clint. Tony had to stay. It was selfish and greedy and terrible but Steve couldn’t stay alone in purgatory forever. Steve leaned forward and pressed his lips to Tony’s.
“I hear you’re spending a lot of time with him.” Fury leaned back in his chair. “Moved into that godawful building and everything.”
“I feel like you promised you were going to stop zoning out on me, soldier.” Steve dragged his eyes back up to meet Tony’s. He was watching Steve and the upper half of his body was leaned towards Steve. “Are you even dealing with it?”
“What else am I gonna do?” Steve had sort of resigned himself to this already. After his talk with Natasha.
“You’re so gorgeous, Tony.” Steve wished he had his sketchbook. He could sketch it later. He memorized every line of Tony’s face, every muscle of his chest and abdomen. He wanted to remember this exact moment for the rest of his life. Tony Stark, shirtless, straddling his thighs and about to make him come.
“Well...I guess I could use your gym when I can’t sleep. Or for my afternoon workout.” Steve turned his gaze back to the window. “He’s a nice guy. Army vet. He fought in Vietnam. He wasn’t as hellbent on joining as I was, of course. He got drafted. Johnny fills me on some things I missed. I would feel guilty if I stopped going all together.”
“Then at least it would get you out of the Tower.” Natasha cocked an eyebrow at him and Steve felt something cold run down his spine. He hadn’t done anything wrong. Well, not really. But the look that Natasha had fixed him with made him feel like he was being scolded by one of the sisters for fighting.
“High praise.” Johnny followed him across the gym. “Look, Steve, it ain’t like we don’t all appreciate you hanging around here. We do. Pop loves it. And I know the kids get a kick outta showin’ you YouTube videos and Twitter. But you gotta admit that this ain’t exactly normal.” Steve rested a hand on the bag and kept his back to Johnny.
“I still appreciate it. More than anybody at SHIELD did for me.” Steve shrugged and Tony glanced over at him. It struck him again how young Steve really was.
“Yeah?” This felt so much different than huddling close to Bucky or Dum to keep warm. It felt...intimate. Steve almost laughed aloud at the thought. As if he would know what intimacy felt like.
Okay, so this was bad. Potentially very, very bad. Or it could be totally fine. But knowing Tony’s luck...it was bad. For now he was chalking it up to a stupid crush. Or a resurgence of a stupid crush. After all, who hadn’t fallen in love with Captain America at least for a little bit? He was quite literally perfect. Of course, Tony knew better than most that before he was Captain America, Steve Rogers was almost perfect. The hair and the eyes and the sheer dumb determination. He had read Dr. Erskine’s file. He had heard the stories from his dad and from his Aunt Peggy. And the beautiful bastard was living up to all of it.
“Yeah. I’ll see in a bit.” Steve climbed onto his bike and the roar of the engine drowned out Tony’s reply. The call ended and Steve put the phone back in his pocket. Lord, give him strength.
“And how am I supposed to learn how to live with this every day?” Steve hated the desperation in his voice.
“I get out of the Tower. I get out every day.” Steve was trying for nonchalance. He wasn’t convinced he had nailed it.
“Yeah, get a couple hours of sleep.” Steve managed to smile and he hoped it was convincing. He had no plans of going back up to bed. Not now. He needed to get out and run. Run as far and as fast as he could. Ma always used to tell him he couldn’t run from his problems. And he never did. Until now. Until this century. Steve couldn’t fight these problems in a back alley. Bucky wasn’t going to jump in and help him. This was more than he could handle.
“I’m not saying that SHIELD is perfect or even the best place for you right now.” Natasha stirred her ice tea idly as she spoke. “But what else are you going to do? You could make SHIELD a better place, Steve.”
“You’re not subtle at all, Steve. And while the kicked puppy look that you’re constantly giving Tony behind his back is adorable, it’s getting a little sad.”
“You’ve got me, baby.” Tony kissed him again, exploring his mouth and biting his lower lip. “Tell me what you want. I know you know exactly what you want from me. Tell me and you can have it.” Steve was a mess. He couldn’t hardly think at all. He gripped Tony’s hips to still his movement and try to breathe. What did he want? What was he always dreaming about? Tony’s calloused hands on his hard cock.
“I love that song.” Steve had mentioned when the crew of the Enterprise was safe once again and the screen had faded to black.
“Steve?” Tony held the glass out to him again. He looked concerned. The first glass of whiskey had given his cheeks a nice dusting of pink. Steve swallowed. He wasn’t unfamiliar with this feeling. But it had been easier back in the 30s and 40s. Back when he could never act on these feelings. And he had never been attracted to a man that was in his command. Sure, there had been rumors about him and Bucky but he had grown up with Bucky. He was too much like a brother, like family. Everything about Tony was different.
“Better than Buck could ever make.” Steve downed the rest of the coffee and headed to the aforementioned bag.
“You do know that I served in the Army, right? It was integrated and everything.” He rolled his eyes and took another drink from his Coke. The scrunch was still there.
“Oh, yeah, right. Good? That’s good. I’m glad you liked it. I thought you might. Well, I mean, I thought you were a big nerd but turns out you were a little hoodlum.”
“Well, it’s no New York City.” Natasha sighed and looked out the window, slightly foggy with years of grease build up. “But it might be better for you to be in a new environment. Maybe it wouldn’t feel like you were chasing the past while trying to live in the present.”
“Perhaps. But what are you doing in the mean time? Breaking punching bags? Running all over Manhattan, Brooklyn, and the Tristate area?” Fury shrugged and leaned back again. “The team is based in DC, at SHIELD headquarters. You would have an apartment, transportation, and a very nice salary. Romanoff will be on the team. Ultimately, the choice is yours, Captain Rogers. I’ll give you a few weeks to think it over.”
“Yeah, I guess I need a fancy, new haircut to go with all of my fancy new clothes.” Steve still felt a little uncomfortable in the new clothes that Tony bought him. But Natasha and Bruce had both assured him that the clothes looked fine and he did not look ridiculous.
“I don’t have a specific time. I just...get up and go. The owner is real nice. Gave me a key for when I get there before him.”
“You know, Pa fought in the Great War. He was in the trenches. He never talked about it. And when I was a kid, I didn‘t get it. He couldn‘t hold down a job. Ma had to work extra shifts just to make ends meet.” Steve laughed and took a drink. “Not sure I ever understood it until...” Until Bucky fell off a train. “War changes people. You gotta do things that you never thought you would or could do. Pa had trenches and gases and tanks. We had planes and Hydra and...nuclear weapons. Howard helped make the bomb, didn’t he?”
“I’m no good to anybody anymore. I can’t hear a treadmill without thinking of overhead planes. That day it snowed...it took me right back to Germany. And I couldn’t...I can’t even face the man that I’ve been having impure thoughts about. How am I supposed to face the things I can’t run away from?”
“I just wanted to see how your meeting went.” Natasha pushed the call button for the elevator. “Fury offer you the job in DC?”
“Hey, Steve Rogers doesn’t run from a fight. I know I’m not Bucky or Peggy but I’ve got your back. Okay?” Tony rubbed his cheekbones with his thumbs and Steve closed his eyes.
“I know this is gonna sound like cliched bullshit but...this gets better. And you’ll get through this. We all will.” Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist. This felt a lot different from their hug the other night. Maybe because they were standing this time. And Steve could feel the warm metal of the arc reactor pressed to his chest.
“...I do need you, Tony.” In ways that Steve couldn’t begin to comprehend. “Don’t leave. Stay.” He hated himself. He really, truly did. “Where would you go?”
“This is Tony.” Usually, Steve would be thankful to hear his voice. But after hearing that Tony would be leaving... “You out breaking more punching bags? Meeting with Fury that bad?”
They finished their meal without any more deep, emotional conversation. And Tony had gotten out of it all without actually apologizing for anything. Thank fuck for that. As they waited for Happy to pull the car around, Tony checked his phone again. Three messages had jumped to eight. Damn. He better call her.
“No, you aren’t really. You aren’t even 30, Steve.” Tony got up on his knees, kneeling on the couch facing Steve. His other hand moved to his face too and Steve could hardly breathe. That thickness in the air was back only worse. Maybe he was dying. Maybe his 93 years were finally catching up with him. “Look at you. You’re still just a kid.”
“...Yeah, of course he did.” Tony sat down now, staring at Steve. Steve just looked out the floor to ceiling windows.
While the “state of the art” gym in the Tower was impressive, he hadn’t brought himself to use it yet. Much like that apartment in Brooklyn, it felt too big and empty and small and confining. Running on a treadmill reminded him too much of the experiments Dr. Erskine’s colleagues wanted him to do. And it didn’t have the company of Johnny or Billy or Mac. Bruce was more about yoga and stretching and meditation. All too slow for Steve’s racing mind. And while Tony had given plenty of his time to Steve lately, he hadn’t been up for any gym time. Clint was still in recovery with SHIELD and Natasha was pretty busy herself. Steve seemed to be the only one drifting in this nebulous space of in-between. Purgatory, darlin’, his mother’s voice reminded him.
“You should take it.” Natasha crossed her arms. “I know after the Helicarrier, you aren’t inclined to trust SHIELD. But I think we need you, Steve.”
“You just said it yourself. You cannot run from these things. The only thing to do is face them. I’ve had soldiers in my confessional for years now. They all run from the same things. The enemy, the gunfire, the humidity of the jungles of Vietnam, the biting winds of Germany and Russia, the scorching sands of Afghanistan. These things live within you. And you cannot run from yourself.”
“Why not? I think you would make an excellent lumberjack.” The doors to the elevator opened and Tony grabbed his hand again and pulled him into the penthouse. “A full beard, plaid flannel, those clunky hiking boots. God, all over the country, ovaries are exploding at the mere thought.”
“...Thank you?” Steve got off the bike and walked over to Tony. He looked good. Oil smeared on his cheek and his jeans riding low with his black tank top. Steve could see a sliver of his abdomen and he wished he could get down on his knees and lick it. Fuck, he should have stayed at church.
Steve pulled into the garage of the Tower and was surprised to see Tony. He had assumed that Tony had been in his workshop but nope. Tony was working on one of his classic cars. Tony looked up at Steve’s approach and dropped the wrench he was holding again. Steve cut the engine and tilted his head at Tony, who was staring at him.
“We are...working on it. Tony and Steve get along better than Captain America and Iron Man. It’s team building! I’m learning to play well with others! You should be happy!”
“Tell me to stay.” Tony pressed his forehead against Steve’s shoulder. “Tell me stay here. Tell me you need me and you can’t possibly do this by yourself.”
“Allow me, Captain.” The elevator started moving and Steve had to remind himself to breathe. God, why did it have to be Tony Stark? It seemed like he was destined to only want what he couldn’t have. And he could not have Tony. The man was in a committed relationship and they worked together in a fairly stressful work environment. Neither of them could afford to be distracted by the well-being of their boyfriend in the middle of a fight. There were too many reasons for why he couldn’t pursue Tony.
Now, normally Tony would not be worried about a stupid crush. Except, here’s the thing. He’s in a relationship. Like, an adult, serious, committed relationship. And Steve was Captain America. So this crush was problematic at best. And fucking catastrophic at worst. And Tony wasn’t making things easier on himself by inviting Steve out for shopping and lunch. It was by no means a date. Just two guys. Hanging out. Totally normal.
“With all due respect, sir, you don’t need Captain America running a SHIELD strike team. I’m vastly overqualified.”
“Sure, Tony. That sounds like fun.” He closed his eyes and cursed himself. He really was a glutton for punishment wasn’t he?
“That’s fair.” Fury leaned forward again, resting his elbows on the table. “Shall we cut to the chase, Captain?”
“Even the ones that are queer?” Steve challenged the priest. He would never admit it, but he waited for the answer with bated breath.
“Sure. I’ve got a whole new nightmare to keep me up at night.” Tony grinned at Steve. “Flying a nuke through a wormhole into space is pretty...” He trailed off and finished his drink.
“No, I mean—he mentioned it but...” But I asked him to stay. The words caught in his throat and he cleared it. “It didn’t sound definite last time we talked.”
“They have a much better understanding of ‘battle fatigue’ now than they did when Patton was around.”
“Steve, honey...” Tony hesitated and the pet name thing was slowly killing Steve as well. “You can’t go to DC. They would chew you up and spit you out.”
“Yeah. Nothing like a one-way trip.” Steve closed his eyes and he could hear the ice cracking around him, the water rising. And darkness.
“Not sure I’m ready to see Coney Island for the modern era just yet.” Steve opened the dressing room door and stepped out with his arms full of clothes. All of which Tony had picked out. “Are you sure you wanna buy all this?”
“Do not say He works in mysterious ways. Even if it’s true, it’s bullshit. God doesn’t work in mysterious ways. He’s just a vindictive son of a bitch.” His mother she would have slapped him upside the head for using language like that in a church.
“Ah. Well, you deserve happiness as much as he does. And I think it is wise and admirable not to let your own feelings interfere with their relationship. If you cannot lean on him, surely there is someone else in your life that can help you carry these burdens.”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice brought him out of his downward spiral of Oh Shit. He was looking at Tony a little puzzled. His brow furrowed slightly. The way it did when he was trying to solve a problem.
“Kid, you know what he wants. He wants Captain America. But he ain’t gonna get that without Steve Rogers. And he can’t have you until...well, until you got yourself.”
He’d begged, Tony had never seen him like that before. “Don’t put us in there, I’m fine, we’re fine! It’s been a fucking
This was good, this was better than good, because Pepper knew for a fact that this guy had information.
Her little hand was cold and clammy atop his. It made him shiver. A wave of nausea rolled through him.
“What the hell?” he was too loud, she flinched and covered her face, and the reality of his situation dawned on him all too immediately. "I'm sorry. Why did you do that?”
from that popsicle, but he was sucking hair, his cheeks hollowing. The sensation is new and confusing and exciting, it burned just under his skin and made him bite lip.
“I know, babe.” Tony answered. He dropped his hand down to Steve’s cock and gave it a tug. “I was thinking of making up for that, though. If you’ll let me.”
" Sorry I'm late," He said, scratching the back of his head." She didn't fall asleep as quickly as I thought she would. "He sat down on the couch next to Natasha, adjacent from Bruce, who set down the mug of tea he'd been sipping from. There was a folder in his lap.
“Bruce, check in.” there was a long pause. It was easy to see the frustration in the set of Bruce’s shoulders when the intercom rang out for perhaps the thirtieth time in the three hours he’d been working over the Kid.
“Gee, thanks. That hadn’t occurred to me.” Steve pulled away from the comforting touch and crossed his arms. “So did you take me to lunch just to tell me that I’m sad and pathetic? Cuz you coulda just told me in the elevator.”
“Yeah, you do. You gotta deal with your shit and I gotta deal with mine and Bruce has to deal with his. We all have shit. But maybe what we need is each other. You jump, I jump.”
“My son...God hates the sin, not the sinner. And just as all men are created equally, so are their sins. Sin does not exist on a spectrum. The lie you told to your mother as a child is the same as the impure thoughts you have for this man. A sin is a sin. And Jesus Christ was crucified to pay for all sin. Not just the sins that most of Christianity find palatable.”
“Yeah, Steve?” Steve looked down at Tony and honestly had no idea what he wanted to say. Nothing he could think of was remotely acceptable. He wanted to wrap himself up in Tony. Lay down and just sleep with his warm presence and embrace. Cross those few, too few inches between them and taste the coffee on his tongue. Instead, Steve reached up and laid his hands over Tony’s and squeezed.
“Sometimes I forget just how much shit you’ve already lived through.” Tony reached over and brushed Steve’s hair back. “You’ve been through the Depression and World War II. And here I’ve been laboring under the delusional that you were a fragile kid who had barely lived at all.”
“I had the honor of meeting General Patton.” Steve glanced over at Tony. “He was a great military mind. And a son of a bitch.”
Steve got his hands under Tony, running his hands up his back to his shoulders. He lifted Tony off of the couch and pulled him forward into his lap. Tony broke from the kiss in a loud groan as their cocks lined up together.
“I have an eidetic memory, Tony. No amount of talking to a stranger is going to erase all that.” Steve shrugged and leaned back into the couch. “It felt like a waste of everyone's time.”
“No. I don’t need Nick Fury to tell me that one of my roommates is depressed out of his mind with PTSD aggravating the symptoms.” Bruce crossed his arms over his chest. “I get why you’re wary about Fury. I am too. But I’m not Fury. And neither is Tony. You can trust us, Steve.”
Steve shrugged out of his jacket and tossed it to the other couch in the room. They were just two friends, enjoying each other's company, watching tv. Do not be weird about this. Of course, that was easier said than done. Steve stood from the couch and took stock of the room. The large window that Loki had thrown Tony through was fixed. No more broken glass glittering on the floor. Speaking of the floor, for whatever reason, Tony had not fixed the large dent and crumbling tiles where Hulk had...well...smashed Loki.
“He wants me to lead a new Strike team for SHIELD out of DC.” Tony dropped Steve’s hand and stared at him. “What? I mean, it’s pretty much what I expected.”
“Mr. Stark studied footage of all of us when you recruited him to track down Loki. And he has a far better understanding of the vibranium than I ever could. In that moment, it was instinct.”
“Yeah. She said it was a nice song but you couldn’t dance to it.” He smiled sadly and sighed. “Anyway, it was good. The show I mean. I liked it.”
“Well it’s my pleasure, Cap.” Like playing dress up with a Ken doll. “And I’m not really as busy as I say I am. I just want people to think I am. Like Fury.”
“You‘re tellin’ me.” Tony laughed and stood to take the glasses to the bar. “He was a workaholic during the day and an alcoholic at night.”
“I’m not sayin’ that what he did was right, Tony. It wasn’t. And I’m not makin’ excuses for him either. All I’m sayin’ is that...you gotta find a way to deal with the things that you did. You have to find a way to keep going on. Whatever that looks like.” Steve finished his drink too and set the glass down. “And it ain’t always pretty. And some men don’t find a way to keep going. Some just...lay down their arms and quit fighting.”
“Morning, Tony. You’re up early.” Steve took the coffee offered to him and tried not to notice that their hands brushed.
“...What? Do I have bugs in my hair?” Steve ran a hand through his hair. It was standing up at odd angles but seemed clean of bugs.
“Cap? Cap? Steve?” Tony had raised his voice and Steve realized he had been staring right through Tony. “...Are you all right?”
“Sorry, big guy. Checked out for a second.” Tony ran a hand through his hair. “Dangers of being a genius.”
“You listen to me, Steven Grant Rogers...” Steve couldn’t help but laugh. And then Tony lifted his head off his shoulder and took Steve’s face between his hands. “I don’t give a shit if the world needs you. I need you.” Tony’s voice faltered. “We...we need you. And don’t gimme this crap about you can’t make peace. You are the glue that holds this stupid team together. I couldn’t. And Fury sure as hell can’t. So the world needs you, the Avengers need you. I need you.”
“I’m sure you did, Tony.” Steve tried to focus on the words in front of him. And not the new and shiny distraction that was Tony Stark. He often thought that Tony embodied this new millennium so well. So well that he had invented a bright and shiny, flying suit of armor. Tony made Steve feel superfluous. He scrubbed a hand over his face and startled slightly when he opened his eyes to see a tumbler being held in front of him.
“Dinner is served!” He walked back over to the couch and deposited the food on the coffee table in front of them. “I didn’t know what you liked so I got a little of everything.”
“God, Steve, what the fuck...” Tony moaned and jerked his hips. “Just keep surprising me.” He tangled his hand in his hair and fucked into his mouth a few times before he was coming down Steve’s throat. Steve took it all and let Tony keep him right there for another minute or so. He was stroking his hair and trying to catch his breath.
The screen came to life and the aforementioned episode of an old tv series started. Steve did his best to relax and to pay attention. He could see what Tony meant about it being a little dated. Steve had seen enough of modern films and tv to know that this was definitely not cutting-edge stuff. But it felt familiar to him. The fallacies of what they believed awaited humanity in the future, the stilted special effects, the old set. It all felt safe and warm and familiar.
“Yes! Exactly!” Tony pulled away from the hug and smiled at him. Steve managed to return the smile even though what he really wanted was to hug Tony again. He should have just stayed in bed. Hell, he should have just stayed in the ice. It would have been a hell of a lot simpler than dealing with all of this.
“Not sure I want him to know that.” Steve sighed and collapsed to the side of Tony on the couch. They were silent for a few minutes and in those minutes, reality and the real world seemed to come crashing back in around them.
“I was never a Boy Scout.” Steve turned back to walk into the dressing room and Tony thought it should be illegal for such an innocent phrase to sound so dirty. That was probably just Tony reading too much Captain Kirk into it but still.
“Is this your way of saying you’re sorry?” Steve lolled his head to the side to look at Tony. He sighed and grabbed both of their glasses.
“It’s a compliment. Trust me.” Tony grinned at him and reached up to ruffle his hair. “No helmet, Mr. Responsible?”
The episode was more comical than he had anticipated. Crew members fencing shirtless in the halls. Commanding officers crying in conference rooms and fighting each other. But his favorite part was easily the crew member who had shut himself in the engine room. As the familiar words of an old song started, Steve almost laughed. How many times had he heard this song? Just like this? Drunken and off key, tuneless but enthusiastic.
Breathe, darlin’. You’re all right. His mother’s voice when she would hold him through a coughing fit. He took a deep breath.
“I can’t let him walk around like Mr. Hipster Universe in khakis and plaid shirts. I can’t. It was a public service.”
“Thank you, Tony.” Steve closed his eyes for a moment and just let himself feel the warm, calloused hands on his face. He didn’t need to be greedy and try to take more than he was offered. Tony could be a good friend.
“Bullshit, Steve. You think Bruce only cares about you when you’ve got the uniform on? You think Romanoff only cares about you when you’re tossing her onto alien hover bikes? You think I would take Captain America shopping over you?”
“Tony, I--” Luckily, at that moment, the food arrived. Tony had never been so fucking happy to see Indian food before in his life. Steve smiled at the server and let whatever he was going to say drop. Tony spent the next couple minutes pointing out all the dishes and describing them for Steve. And then they ate in silence for a while. Steve taking a little of everything and then going in for seconds on the things he really liked. Tony may or may not have been taking mental notes. Shut up.
“What did you decide about lunch? Familiar or new?” Steve looked at him and furrowed his brow a little again. What was the puzzle this time?
“I don’t know, Tony. I’ve fought bullies and Nazis and aliens... I don’t know how to fight this.” Tony pulled back and took Steve’s face in his hands again.
“Go in peace, my son.” Steve crossed himself and stood from the confessional. He remembered always being sore as a kid. It was hard on his bony knees to kneel for that long. But now he was only a little stiff from being hunched over in the small space.
“Absolutely. You’re 90, not a hipster.” Tony dropped his phone back in his pocket and grinned at the look of confusion on Steve’s face. “I‘ll point them out to you. Let’s drop those at the front and we’ll have them sent to the Tower.”
“You aren’t sad and pathetic. I just want to point out that there’s no reason to stay here. Not really. Tony is with Pepper and I think he intends to stay that way. And he’s going back to Malibu before Christmas.” Steve felt a weight in his chest.
“Did you call for something in particular, Tony?” Steve started walking back to his bike. Tony was really going to be the death of him.
“Well, I was that too.” Steve shrugged but couldn’t help leaning into Tony’s touch again. Couldn’t help but hold his breath and hope Tony would keep touching him. And he did. He ran his fingers into Steve’s hair and moved closer to him. He was studying Steve’s face. Maybe looking for a trace of all those years. All that hardship. Trying to reconcile who Steve had been with who he was now. Good luck, he thought. He couldn’t even do that.
“Just be careful, alright?” Tony said finally, moving away from him and going to the freezer. He grabbed a bag of peas and tossed it to Steve, who caught it and smiled.
When Tony opened his eyes again he wasn’t sure how much time had passed. It was still dark outside. Steve wasn’t in bed next to him. A quick glance at the clock let him know it was 4am, which meant Steve was already off on his run. He sighed and sit up, pressing the heels of his hands to his eyes. It hadn’t been more than a few hours but there was no real hope in falling back asleep now that he was awake.
Two hours and about nine more shots in Tony found himself with his back against a tree, sucking face with the one and only Steve Rogers. His mouth was hot and tasted like tequila. He was pressed close, head ducked down. There wasn’t enough air in the world for this, because these kisses were positively
“Hey. I was wondering when I’d see you again.” Tony said, looking Steve up and down once more, this time making sure Steve could see him do it. This earned him a blush from Steve-as if Tony could be more attracted to him. Steve shuffled a little, a smirk replacing his smile.
“ No. I don’t think anything. I think you stuck to what you believe in, and I’m proud of you for it.” Tony paused. “ We don’t have to talk about it anymore if you want. I won’t ask, and you don’t have to tell, not unless you feel like it.” Steve smiled at him and nodded, Tony could see tears glimmering in his eyes.
Steve spent a lot of his time on the phone when he got back to the penthouse. He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to find her, but he needed to do it soon. It was possible she wasn’t even in the country, and it’s been a long time since they’d seen one another, let alone spoken, but they’d left off on good terms, despite it all.
He went back into the office, grabbing his things in a hurry. He had everything in his arms and was ready to go off to the elevator before Pepper grabbed his arm, looking at him with such seriousness he stopped in his tracks, unable to ignore it.
Disappointment that lingered until near midnight, when he pushed back from his work bench, frustrated, hungry and tired. Tony looked down at his phone. No new texts from anyone but Pepper.
“Really?” he murmured, trailing his lips down Tony’s neck. To his surprise, Tony pulled away and turned to look at him.
“I think I might. You know it’s not fair that you get me that fast.” Steve said, face a little red. He never lasted long when Tony blew him, and he was pretty sure that was the point. He was right, if the smug look on Tony’s face was anything to go by.
“ I think maybe you should come back with me,” he said swallowing hard. But Steve shook his head and Tony’s stomach sank.
“Since my boyfriend got a potential brain injury.” Tony said, lifting a brow and taking a sip of his coffee. Steve frowned, then winced, then tried to pretend like it didn’t happen.
She simply stared at him blankly. He wasn’t sure why he was so disappointed. It was quiet for a long moment. She didn’t move her hand.
“Oh yeah. I’m gonna have a lot of fun with this.” Tony said, straddling Steve properly, dexterous fingers ghosting over Steve’s chest, soaking in his half lidded eyes and flushed face. Steve’s mouth was hanging open just a little, his lips were red and swollen. Flush creeped down his neck to his chest, and Tony smirked to himself as he though of the way it’d go all the way down when Steve was worked up enough.
"We need you to take us there." Natasha said. Her voice was soft, but firm. "Not only so we can get the information on the Kid, but also so we can try and figure out who these people are in the first place. We can't just let this go. Not investigating this now could only lead to more...incidents like this one."
“And you know I want to.” Tony said, his voice something low and husky. His breath was ghosting over Steve’s dick now, and when Steve looked down it was to see Tony on his knees, it drew grunt out of him, and Tony tsked. “You don’t have to stay quiet, Steve.” Tony said, taking his dick in his hand, stroking it a few times. “I actually kind of like hearing you.”
“Wanted to save it all up for you. Two and a half weeks…” Steve shook his head a little, looking directly into Tony’s eyes.
“I don’t know. The only real option is sedatives. Can’t risk another life.” There was a long silence between the two of them, the same thought rattling around their heads.
There was a long moment before Natasha said anything. For a panicked second Steve thought she’d hung up.
“It’ll be nice to have a partner in the ring-I mean if you’re willing.” Steve turned again and gave the guy a withering look, but nodded anyway, after a moment of slight confusion, he spoke up.
He stepped onto the elevator after a long moment of assuring himself he’d calmed down enough, and when the doors opened again he was home. It was funny. Thinking of Tony’s place as home. It was much more a home than his shitty apartment ever had been, but Steve was sure that was just because Tony Was never at his shitty apartment. He walked through the living room and to the bedroom, disappointed when he saw that Tony wasn’t in the bed. He smiled when he heard the water running in the bathroom, though, and quickly peeled his sweaty clothes off and put them in the hamper and went to join him.
“ He’s normally busy, yeah, but he’s not with a client right now, if that’s what you mean. Go on in.”
"If you want, I don't think she's tried it yet. Have you?" He held up the package to for her to see. The Kid shook her head.
Steve set Tony’s tablet back down where it was and moved to unlock the door. He laid back down on his side of the bed and closed his eyes, thinking. There were a lot of things he hadn’t told Tony. A lot of things-besides the obvious. Maybe if he started talking Tony would be less compelled to feel the need to look after him. Or it would get worse. Either way, Steve had to talk to him. He couldn’t keep the things he'd done from Tony for long- it was classified , it couldn’t be found on the internet, sure, but Steve had been terrified None the less. Especially when  the trial started and articles were written about him, he was terrified that somebody somewhere would dig up information on the Howling Commandos-he would’ve been done for. But they didn’t, and he wasn’t, and now he’d have to tell Tony.
It was then Pepper realized there was no way she’d be able to convince Tony of the truth. Not on her own, anyway. She’d have to show him the video. It would break his heart. Maybe it’d terrify him, but she’d have to show him. He needed to know that he wasn’t safe, that
Steve was a sensitive guy. Once, Tony put a pair of vibrating nipple clamps on him and left them on him for three hours. Steve came eight times. Tony was well versed in his sensitivity and how he felt touch-so it was odd when Steve’s cock seemed
“Yeah, sounds good. I’ll meet you in the parking lot.” Tony said, unable to help the eager not in his voice. Steve heard it, Tony could see it in his eyes, the way they darkened, pupils going wider. Tony wondered what thoughts were swriling about behind those eyes. He wondered if Steve was thinking about what he was going to do to him, how he was going to touch him-
It was dark in the apartment, Pepper had the feeling it was because the power had been shut off. The man sitting in front of her didn’t exactly seem to be like the type to care much, though. His hair was too long, and he was unshaven. He was missing an arm-there was a prosthetic in the corner by the bed, and for a moment Pepper almost felt bad for waking him up.
Steve looked at him, smirked, really. He was more than amused, if the light in his eyes was anything to go by.
“Sometimes you just can’t.” He said quietly, trying to tame the mess that was her hair. “Is there food?”
“Such a boyscout,” Tony murmured, standing back up slowly, running his tongue along the trail of one of the drips from the popsicle. It’s mingled with Steve’s sweat, but the salty sweet of it is positively intoxicating. So much so that Tony doesn’t stop when he’s got his first finger in Steve, or the second. He licks and suck until it’s all gone.
“Ten thousand should be enough to get the lights back on, right?” That was really all it took. Barns snatched the money from her wordlessly, opened the envelope and looked through it.
“ Yeah, a little. The sleep was nice.” It really had been, he couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept like that.
Morgan sat up, a worry settling into her gut. She slowly stood and looked down at herself. She was still in her pajamas. The purple ones with the flowers on them. They were dirty and bloody from when she's fallen down and scraped her knees and palms, but when she wiggled her finger into the hole all she felt was a normal knee. NO scrapes. Upon careful scrutiny, the scrapes on her palms were all gone too. Was the cave real? Morgan stood up, barely able to see over the tall grass on her tip toes. She couldn't see anybody or any thing for as far as she could see. Just the tall yellow grass, white flowers and trees offering sparse spots of shade.
He hadn't seen her since he'd arrived. He'd been told she was off on a mission. He wondered if that had been the truth. By the surprise on her face, he figured that it was.
“ Do you remember last night? What you said to me?” Tony’s heart was beating fast. He had to know. Steve hadn’t said anything about it, and Tony couldn’t just assume…
“I didn’t think I’d be calling you again, but here we are.” He picked up the pillows and placed them meticulously on the bed, arranging them artfully.
Tony pressed the button for the elevator she’d just stepped out of, then stepped on, offering he a smile and a small wave as the doors shut.
“Yeah, me too. The guy’s a mess. It was supposed to be my day off.” He climbed down from the chair. On his feet he wasn’t much taller than Tony was himself, not like Steve-
"Well, I guess it's unanimous, then." Tony said, smiling and moving to the kitchen. There was a hesitance to him though. Steve wondered how long that would last before things got back to normal.
And then she was gone. Steve was once again left alone on the elevator. The doors closed and his descent to the lab floor resumed
“You’re not the first person I’ve done this with. Lube. Where is it?” Steve asked, hand around Tony’s dick, stroking lightly. There was a lot in that statement to unpack, and Tony’s brian wasn’t completely able to hang with it due to the blood lost to his already too hard cock. He wasn’t the first person Steve had done this with. Who was? Why the fuck was he jealous?
“Not tonight, Tony.” Steve muttered. There was that distance again, he sounded so far away, something was bothering him, Tony knew it, but he didn’t know how to fix it.
They came at the same time. Tony said Steve’s name. Steve cursed and bit his lip, face red, hair stuck to his forehead with sweat. He rolled over next to Tony and sucked in a few deep breaths. Tony could feel come dribbling out of him, and wished he could some how record the sensation. Sure it wasn’t his first rodeo either, but it was different with Steve, it was all different with Steve. Steve, who was already reaching for his shirt.
Steve woke up five hours later, having fallen asleep trying to think of a way to tell Tony about the Howling Commandos. He got up with a sigh and looked in the mirror. He looked horrible, but he’d have to deal with it. He pulled on some jeans and a t-shirt and made his way out of the penthouse, taking the elevator to Tony’s office floor. The elevator opened and Steve stepped into the modernly decorated office and walked through to the main waiting room.
“Just looking up a few things. For work.” He hated how easy it was to lie to him, but it wasn’t like it was anything major. Steve reached out for him, and Tony set the tablet aside, turning it off, and let Steve pull him closer.
“Why?” Steve repeated, hoisting the guy up, forcing him to stand at the ledge. The guy fought him, tried to get away. Steve kind of liked it when they did that.  It was to no avail. Steve was bigger and stronger, and the guy wasn’t going to go anywhere unless steve wanted him to.
As it turned out, Steve had no gag reflex. Tony knew this because all at once his entire cock was in that mouth, Steve’s nose bumped his pelvis and Tony’s hips bucked of their own accord. Before he could apologize Steve was sucking hard, and he was done. It was game over. Tony came, and Steve just kept sucking as hard as ever until Tony started to squirm with the sensitivity of it. There was a rustling as Steve got back up on his feet and kissed him again. Tony could taste himself on him.
He was still the same as he was when Steve had left. He still moved the same, spoke the same. He still took his coffee the same and made the same sound when he was frustrated.
The Kid was asleep on the floor in the closet. Steve had taken a few spare comforters from the linen closet and set them up for her, attempting to gradually get her used to sleeping in a bed. Bruce said it wasn't good for either of them, but if he was honest he couldn't sleep in the bed either. In the room. There was too much space. It wasn't even his room. The one he'd had when he'd moved in hadn't been used by him in years even before he went on that mission, and belonged to someone called Peter Steve had yet to meet. Clearly couldn't go back to the one he'd shared with Tony. So he was in a guest room, on the floor of the walk in closet, his knees pulled to his chest, waiting for the familiar sounds of the little girl's snores before getting up.
When Steve actually shudders and tightens around him Tony shouts. The orgasm rocks Steve so hard his elbows buckle, and his face presses into the wall. His body is actually
“ You know you don’t have to,” Steve said, watching as Tony trailed kisses lower and lower, it raised gooseflesh on his arms. Tony looked up at him. Almost annoyed.
Steve looked between the two of them. They were right, it was obvious they were right. That didn't mean he'd have to like it.
“ Think about what? I don’t know what you’re getting at.” Tony said, not looking up. He knew exactly what Pepper was getting at, and it was ridiculous. Crazy, all kinds of crazy. Steve was the best person he’d met in his life, and he’d go to the grave defending him.
“ I’ll take it you come ‘round here often” he commented, waiting for Matt to throw the first punch. Something was off here. Something didn’t feel right-Steve wasn’t able to figure out what it was, however, as one of Matt’s feet hit him square in the chest. He stumbled back a little, no longer hesitant.
“ Don't you want a ride?” he called at Steve’s retreating back. Steve turned around and shook his head.
“What’re you asking me?” Steve asked. He sounded suspicious. He was still pulling on his clothes to leave, and suddenly Tony felt very vulnerable.
“I’m sober enough to want to know why you stopped,” Tony said, grabbing Steve by the collar of his shirt and pulling him down, this time taking the chance to dominate the kiss, to make sure Steve knew just what he thought of him. Steve pulled away too soon. He shifted, pinning Tony to the tree by his hips. Tony didn’t have to see him very well to know that he was smiling. He felt a tongue run up his neck again, teeth on his earlobe-Tony had to bite back the sound that threatened to come out of him. Steve’s hot breath over his ear went straight to his dick.
“Not much of a dancer,” Steve commented, hands in his pockets, he stood on his toes, glancing at the tree line. “Hey, my friends are here. Find me later, huh?” Steve said, and he smiled crookedly put a hand on Tony’s shoulder, letting it slide off as he walked past.
“ Well, you can make it up to me later tonight if you want.” he said, standing, and holding out a hand for Steve to stand as well. Steve took it and raised an eyebrow, a challenge accepted.
Tony picked his file up again, finishing the notes he’d started before Pepper had come in, Pepper grabbed it from him.
Without the AC the house became an oven, and the generators hadn’t been used in so long they were fried. He wondered for a moment why they’d never been replaced-but the question was answered when he himself attempted to remember the last time they’d actually been needed, or that last time he’d ever thought of them, really. The only reason they were staying in the San Fernando house in the first place was to lay low for a couple of days, it was the only reason he ever went to the San Fernando house-who the hell would bum it in the valley for funsies? Tony laughed to himself and shook his head, flicking his sweat damp hair out of his eyes every five minutes.
He was worried about the Kid. She hadn’t said anything in hours. He wondered if the levity of what they had done occurred to her. He doubted that it did. He could feel her shivering against his back, her grip on his shoulders and waist were too tight for her to be asleep. It was raining, and late. The clock outside of a subway station had told him it was three am. That had been eight blocks ago. He wondered what month it was, as it was certainly too cold to be August as he had thought. Steve knew they had to be a sight, and was glad for the late hour. He’d found them clothes as soon as he possibly could. None of them matched, or did much to protect them from the cold, which seemed to be everywhere he turned lately. The kid looked odd outside of the white hospital style gown, he’d never seen her in anything else. Somehow she looked even thinner, she was by no means healthy.
“What happened?” he asked softly, voice hoarse from disuse. He tried to edge near her, but she scuttled away. Steve put his hands up, not forgetting how easily she’d nearly killed him.
The Denny’s was actually quite busy when he walked in, and Tony certainly wasn’t disappointed. One table was packed with boys he’d certainly gone to school with, they hardly spoke as they demolished huge piles of food, reeking of weed. Tony had half a mind to ask if they had any left. Another group was sitting to the right with two tables pushed together with about twelve people sitting around them, all holding Magic cards. There was a man in the far back who sat alone, if it could called sitting. He was slumped so far back in his booth one could mistake him for dead. Tony felt buzzed just looking at him.
“ I wouldn’t dream of it.” Tony said, turning in his hold and leaning up to kiss him. Steve deepen it, needing the contact and needing the closeness. Tony pulled back, breathing hard. “You alright Steve-o?” God, he could tell. He could tell and Steve had to swallow the flash of anger that came from his own failure to compose himself.
Had they waited a few seconds longer, They'd of seen Steve stir and slowly wake. They'd of seen the kid point exactly to where they had been standing.
Pepper plugged the camera into her computer and breathed a deep breath out. She needed to work quickly. There wasn’t much time.
“Wow. It’s surprising that someone else is in here for a change.” the guy said, and Steve caught the bag he'd been using and turned to face the speaker. It was a blind man-Steve almost had to do a double take-boxing wasn’t exactly a sport for guys who couldn’t use their eyes-
“ Yeah…” Steve said, tilting his head, amused. “Listen, I’ve gotta go. You going to that party in the park tomorrow?” he asked, pulling his phone from the swim trunks pocket. The fantastic, amazing wonderful swim trunks.
“ I wonder why he did it,” Steve said quietly, his voice didn’t sound right. It sounded too far away, too absent. Tony figured that had to be the drugs kicking in, but it worried him anyway.
“Could I actually get a to go box? Last minute plans, sorry.” Tony smiled his best smile, but she still looked like she wanted to strangle him. When he was finished boxing up his food he left her a fifty dollar tip before wondering out of the restaurant, sitting on the bench just outside of it. Ten minutes later, Steve was out in the night air, tilting his face up to the sky and closing his eyes. Tony watched him quietly. The moment didn’t last long, very quickly Steve’s eyes were on him. He nodded to a rusty blue pick up parked at the far side of the parking lot.
Steve didn’t turn. He pressed the button for the elevator and stepped on, letting the doors close before he turned and selected the lab floor. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, hating the enclosed space, feeling like his chest was too tight. The doors opened, and he was surprised to see Natasha.
“I’m not here to hurt you.” he added carefully. “What did they do to you?” She just looked at him. Her eyes were glassy and her movements were sluggish. He wondered if she was still drugged.
"Hey, Steve. How's it going? Hows the--" he waved in the Kid's direction, and she looked at Steve pointedly. She was right.
"I was thinking about going down." Tony said quickly. Maria, who'd been gathering her things, paused. "I just need to see what happened to her." He said quickly. Maria didn't look convinced.
“And after, Tony. after the day’s done and I finally take that plug out of you, I’m going to eat my come out of your ass. I’m goinna suck every little drop out of that pretty little hole of yourse so I’ll have room to fill it up all over again-“
He finally managed to get ahold of himself by time they reached the courthouse steps, which was a blessing, as cameras flashed at him from every angle and microphones were shoved in his face, Tony simply pushed him forward into a black car with tinted windows. As soon as the door shut, Tony let out a huff of air.
“ You...let me…” Steve huffed, sliding down to sit next to Tony on the floor of the shower, reaching out to him, but Tony was to focused stroking himself hard and fast, and Steve just watched mesmerized and lazy, smiling as Tony grunted and came. He reached out, pulling him close, lax under the warm spray of the water.
“You gonna fuck me against the wall?” Steve asked, he looked almost dazed. His breath was coming in ragged huffs, and Steve could see he was
Tony moved away from the door as quickly as possible-it was hard to move with his dick hard and practically screaming at him, making his pajama pants a tight tent. He got back to the bed, though, and only just managed to cover himself up as Steve came back into the room in only a towel.
“Nothing, nothing. You were..having a dream I think. Said something funny about aliens. Don’t worry about it.” Tony lied, and Steve relaxed, but eyed him still. Tony watched him as he went back down the hall. He let out a sigh, a breath he hadn’t known he was holding and went back to his paper, deciding he’d figure out what that was about later.
"Because that's how the world works. People have to know what to call you, you gotta have a social security card an all that jazz." He set her down in a chair and moved to the fridge, digging around to find something she hadn't tried before. This was one thing he was really enjoying about being back, introducing her to all the simple pleasures he hadn't realized he'd started taking for granted. He heard her slap a hand on the counter, and he turned to look at her. She had one hand out, palm facing the ceiling in a gesture for
“ Dad it was an accident-she spilled her milk, she’s just a -” Steve’s breath caught as he heard a loud slap. Moments later a kid, he looked to be about sixteen,  exited the building, holding the side of his face. He was trailed be a little girl who had to be no older than six, she was crying, and Steve’s heart broke. He started running again, almost wishing he hadn’t stopped.
"Steve," Clint called. Steve turned to look at him. He'd given his phone to The Kid, she frowned as she attempted to scroll through it. "We gotta teach this kid to sign."
“Fine. What about you?” Steve asked, dropping the towel and very purposely bending down to open his drawer of the dresser for a pair of sweatpants. Even from where he sat Tony could tell he’d still be lose. He'd be able to just slide right in and make Steve come all over again, ruining the open drawer or clean clothes. The thought made his dick throb.
“Since when are you up this early?” Steve asked, shuffling into the room. He was all sleepy and bed ruffled, Tony hid a smile behind his coffee cup.
“ Goodnight, Tones.” He murmured, wrapping his arm around Tony’s middle, settling his head in the crook of his neck. Tony smiled in the dark.
“You should call me sometime,” Steve said, pulling back. Tony saw him run a hand through his hair, pick up the frisbee, then start on his way back. He just left Tony there, weak in the knees, breathing hard, dick hanging out. Tony just stared at his retreating back, incredibly confused.
“No. I’m worried she’s putting her nose where it doesn’t belong. She might know too much. If anyone can convince him of it it’s her. She’s got to go.” Finally, he started placing the pillows. He arranged them exactly the same as he had before, smoothing out their corners so they were wrinkle free.
“Yeah, Tony. I’m always careful." that wasn’t a lie, he really was. He couldn’t get caught again. Things were really going for him. He had his mind set on marrying Tony, starting a life with him and being happy. It’s all he wanted, and anybody who got in his way wasn’t going to like what happened.
she was. It was hard to tell. Bruce said he'd tell him more when the Kid wasn't sitting there, staring at him. Walking down the hall Steve felt weird without her next to him. He was surprised to see both Bruce and Natasha waiting for him in the living room.
“ Steve, christ, you weren’t an ass.” The look in Steve’s eyes was horrible. He looked like...Tony couldn’t even describe it. It looked like he regretted literally everything in his life just because he’d accidentally elbowed Tony in the face. “Look, it’s already done bleeding. Let’s just get some sleep, okay?” Steve didn’t move, so Tony put his hands on his chest and moved him out of the bathroom himself. Steve finally got the memo and made his way to the bed, and when Tony joined him, he pulled him close and kissed him. It wasn’t like Steve’s normal kisses, though,Steve only ever kissed him like this when they were having sex-or about to have sex, and Tony pulled away shaking his head.
, so he let his hands roam down Steve’s chest, his sides he gives Steve’s dick a squeeze and takes it in hand with his own for a moment, only touching lightly, his hand too dry for much more. He brought his fingers back up to stick in Steve’s mouth.
“You want me to fuck you against the wall?” Tony asked. Usually it was the other way around. Usually Steve would lift him up, and Tony’d wrap his legs around his waits and let gravity get Steve as deep in his as he possibly could. Tony knew he wouldn’t be strong enough to pick Steve up like that, but-
“It’s alright. Maybe you can make it up to me.” Steve murmured, breath hot in Tony’s ear. He shifted, and Tony could feel a length pressed to the back of his thigh. He was hard as a rock. Hard like he’d been that way for a while. “I was dreaming about you.”
"I'm disgusted with myself." He said finally, looking back down at Morgan. "I'm so happy to see her. To hold her again." Tony cleared his throat and walked away from the couch to look out the window.The sun was going down. The sky was a fiery orange.  They'd gotten through a lot of emotional baggage, he and his mother. The thought of searching for comfort in her was still somewhat daunting. What if he didn't find it? What would happen then?
Time stopped, and the only thing that mattered was Steve. That Steve was close, and that he kissed him again.
“I think it’s my turn,” he said, sitting up. Tony took a moment to look at him. Steve’s chest heaved, and momentarily Tony wondered if his nipples were sensitive. Tony reached out, fingers dancing at the zipper of Steve’s work pants as he sat up properly, training his mouth down Steve’s neck, sucking a hickey there, living for the sounds Steve made as he did so. While he busied himself with Steve's neck, Tony worked open his pants, popping open the button and sliding down the zipper, too eager to tease his hand went immediately inside Steve’s underwear, closing around his dick.
“Mmh, it’s cherry. My favorite.” He said with a small, seductive smile. His lips were stained red from the frozen treat and Tony knew if his kissed him right now he’d taste like The look on his face had turned devilish, and a familiar heat curled in Tony’s stomach.
She asked as Steve tried to readjust a few her bandages. When he pulled away and sat back against the wall, she leaned into him, wrapping a little arm around his own. Her hands were cold. Steve scooted closer to her, wishing they’d pump some warm air into the cell.
“Something like that,” Steve said, swallowing hard. “I was waiting for you,” he added, and Tony’s heart ached a little.
“Do you ever second guess it?” Pepper stood and took the files from Tony’s hands. “Do you ever think that maybe he really did kill-”
Tony lost sight of them when Steve dropped to the ground in front of him, and Tony nearly chocked on the popsicle in his mouth when he moaned. Steve didn’t waste any time, he doesn’t even pull Tony’s pats down all the way before he takes Tony all the way into his mouth. The why of that is immediate. Tony has to shove his hands into Steve’s hair and pull hard to refrain from jerking forward. Steve’s mouth is
“ I love you,” Steve huffed, along with a loud moan, and then Tony’s thighs were sticky but he didn’t care, he was turning over and pressing Steve into the mattress and kissing him, kissing him with every single bit of life he had.
“Fuck yeah, please,” Tony groaned, hips jerking up in the direction of that mouth, that mouth that he knew was warm and welcoming, that mouth that sucked so
“ Sorry, yeah. Dinner. Tonight. Be ready at seven?” Tony was normally back from work much later than that, but Steve wasn't going to torture himself and further. He already was going to force himself to talk about things he didn't even want to think about, he didn’t need to freak himself out.
“...no. I’m not kidding. Nothing to kid about. Why would I kid?” He was talking too much, but that was just because he couldn’t really hear himself over the sound of his heart thumping in his ears.
“Just thought you might want to take a break, is all.” He explained, shrugging his shoulders. “You’re working too hard. I was hoping this could be sort of a vacation.” There’s an odd glint in his eyes as he bites down on his popsicle. For all the years Tony’d ever known and loved him he wasn’t sure he’d seen it before.
“Did he do that to you?” She asked. She looked scared. Tony knew why. He didn’t exactly have the best track record when it came to picking his partners, men or women. There had been two separate occasions, things had gone that way. Too far that way. Tony’d been wearing concealer for weeks before anyone had noticed. Pepper had cried when she'd found out. It had taken him a long time to convince her that it wasn't he fault she hadn't noticed. That was done now, and frankly Tony was pissed she’d assumed Steve was another one of those types. Her personal opinions of him be damned.
"It's hard, seeing your child here." Maria said into the silence of the room. Tony had been caught up in Morgan's face, in the ways it'd changed and the ways it'd stayed the same. He looked up at his mother, eyes misty.
“Bullshit, you’re always hungry, you eat more than any person I’ve ever met in my life.” Obviously, it was the wrong thing to say, because Steve seemed to sink back into himself, almost like he wasn’t even present. “ Hey, no, Steve-I didn’t mean it…” He wasn’t exactly sure what to say, he had no clue what was going on in Steve’s head.
The walk to the pool was a nice one. It was disgustingly hot, his weather app told him it was one hundred and seven degrees. Tony didn’t mind the heat, though. Everyone was tucked away in their air conditioned houses, the neighborhood was eerily quiet and still. Even the squirrels seemed to be hiding from the heat. The pool was pretty deserted too. Tony found himself almost nervous as he unlatched the gate, he slid through it easily, each step closer to the lifeguard’s chair making him want to turn back. What was he supposed to say?
They half jogged in silence for a long time. Natasha looked like she was thinking hard. Tony couldn’t handle the silence anymore.
“What, you think money grows on trees!?” The voice was angry and harsh, and Steve for a moment thought the guy was just talking on the phone until he heard a little voice, a kid’s voice reply.
"About as well as you'd expect. He's killing himself looking for her, Tony. I don't even think he sleeps anymore."
“I’m glad too, it smells amazing.” Tony said, sitting down, waiting to grab his fork until Steve sat down too. He was actually starving, he hadn’t eaten anything all day-there was no better first meal than Steve’s fettuccine Alfredo.
After three days went by with no reply, Tony started to worry. Was he getting ahead of himself? Had Steve just been drunk when he told Tony to call him? Was he ashamed? Questions whirred around his mind, each more deterring than the last. Finally, Tony gave up. He’d just have to talk to Steve in person.
“It looks like it hurts,” Tony said, a little crease of worry appearing on his forehead. Steve sighed and grabbed Tony’s hand as he lifted it to touch his face again.  He pulled him close and wrapped an arms around him.
Tony held her at arms length to look at her. She wasn’t much different than the last time he saw her. Only she was wearing a soft white cotton skirt and a soft yellow blouse, embroidered with sunflowers. It took Tony a moment to realize he recognized that shirt. It was a distant memory...a day on the beach, the waves had been big...
“ Yeah, let's stay away from the face huh? I don’t need another bruise to explain to my guy.” with one swift, sweeping kick Matt was on his back with an ‘oof’ and Steve smiled. “ Come on, get up, throw another one.” His blood was ringing in his ears as Matt stood up-his head tilted at an odd angle, as if he were trying to figure out where to hit Steve next.
“ Awe, c’mon, Babe,” Tony muttered, flopping on the bed and rolling over to Steve. He planted a kiss on his hip bone and smiled, letting his lips linger.
“I wonder if this...guy of yours know you like to fight dirty? I bet he doesn't even know the half of it.” he said, and something like cold dread seeped into Steve's stomach. He sprang into action in seconds, he had Matt’s arms twisted far behind his back and pressed him into one of the posts  of the ring.
He left the room, shutting and locking the door carefully. Not having her in his direct sight wasn't hard when he knew she was safe, and that she wasn't in any position to unintentionally hurt anybody else or herself. They hadn't talked about the four men she'd killed on the night of their arrival. How does one explain a thing like that to ten year old? At least that's how old they
"Pops?" She called worriedly, voice wavering. Something in her told her he wasn't there. She decided she wasn't going to call for him again. She was a big girl now. Six years old. She was good at figuring out how to get out of trouble.
“What’re-” Steve shook the guy again and he slipped, one leg dangling over the edge.He slapped a hand over his mouth as he heard a drunk staggering down the sidewalk. It was getting late. Steve was grateful for the cover of night, but he’d have to explain that to Tony too. It wouldn’t be hard, he was already thinking up lies that wouldn’t be too far from the truth.
“What are you doing?” Tony asked, watching as red juice dripped off the popsicle. It was dripping down Steve’s arm, a bit even fell on Steve’s chest. The sight of which implored Tony to stand and take a few steps forward. He could feel sweat trickling down his back, but he didn’t care now, because Steve was standing there in front of him, want nestled deep in those too blue eyes of his. He was smirking around the popsicle, letting it melt all over his hand and his chest, trailing little red lines around the muscle.
“Captain, I don’t get tired of this. I can go all day, and when it’s time for me to go I’ll find someone to take my place. It’s that simple.” The man in the coat. The one with the accent. The sound of his voice was sudden and jarring, Steve was startled into opening his eyes all at once. He couldn’t turn his head, it was strapped the the table, as well as his check, arms and legs. His shirt was cut open down the centre, there were perfectly straight too red lined running up and down his chest and abdomen. Some were crusted and black, others were still wet and shining. He couldn’t even remember why he was here in the first place.
Steve pulled out of the driveway too quickly, and Tony worried for him.  Alone in the shower, cleaning himself up, Tony came to two realizations that he’d first come to when he was eleven years old. It was nothing new, but somehow every time he thought them his chest ached like it was the first time. The first being that he hated himself. More than anyone else in the world ever could. More than his father had. More than Steve did- but Tony wasn’t so sure if Steve hated or if it was his own self hatred leaking out as paranoia.  The second being that he was head over heels for Steve Rogers, and that scared the everliving shit out of him.
Steve was flushed, red creeping all the way down to his chest. His eyes were screwed shut tight, his back was pressed flush to the tiled wall of the shower. He was jerking himself off slowly, so slowly it was frustrating Tony. A small sound dropped out of Steve’s mouth, and Tony stepped back a little, not wanting to be seen just yet. He watched as Steve rolled his hips into his hand, his head tilting back until it was resting against the tile. He rolled his hips again, so achingly slowly-Tony gaped as Steve slapped a hand over his mouth, trying to cover up the breathy sounds that trickled out of him.
“It’s the end of my shift!” Steve pointed to the the life guard chair, where his place had been taken another lifeguard. Then his back was turned, and Tony couldn’t call out again, because that’d just be awkward.
“Well Tones, I’m gonna fuck you. Fuck you so hard you won’t know your left from right, you want that?” Steve asked, mouthing at Tony’s neck. Steve’s breath was hot in Tony’s ear as he talked, well,
“That’s a shame,” Tony couldn’t help but say aloud. Steve, in his grogginess, nearly turnd around a socked Tony a new one.
“Hello? Are you going to order something or not?” Tony’s head snapped forward, and he was face to face with a very disgruntled waitress.
Steve asked, stepping forward and grabbing him in a headlock. He dragged him out the door and up the stairs of his building, not stopping until he reached roof access.
“I got a way to pass the time.” He said, mouth already latching onto Tony’s neck, hands roaming his body. Tony arched into the hickey Steve was sucking into the skin just below his ear, and found himself moaning when he thought of just how hard it was going to be to hide. Steve’s hand moved to cup his ass below his waistband, his mouth moved to mash against. Tony feels the fait graze of teeth on his bottom lip, then a finger circle his hole. He shook his head.
“I need to know what he’s doing.” Steve said again, tapping his fingers on the table, his knee bouncing. Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, closing his eyes. He pressed a button on the side of the screen.
Now, Tony didn’t know what to do. There was something wrong, he could feel it. So, he grabbed his tablet and turned it on, turning down the screen’s brightness so he would bother Steve, who’d started snoring next to him. Quickly, as if being afraid of getting caught, Tony searched for therapists in their area. If he could get Steve to go..to maybe talk out his problems...talk about things he couldn’t tell him. It was worth a shot.
“You know what to do?” He asked, as if he were asking Steve if he knew how to work a blender. Steve snorted at him again, and again there was that look in his eye. That annoyance-maybe frustration?
Tony paused. He looked like he'd been trying to sneak away before he was seen. It made Steve's heart sink to his feet. Tony had his back to him, Steve couldn't see his face, but he could see the tense line of his shoulders. Tony turned, smiling the fake smile Steve absolutely
here right now, jesus...” Tony trailed off as he watched his mother open the bag she’d brought and pull out a set of clothes.
.” She knocked him out of his thoughts. He looked down at her. She was soaked, shaking visibly. Her little arm looked more like a stick poking out of the sleeve of her shirt. He knew that he had to do this for her. His own interests weren’t what mattered anymore. He had to take care of her. She had no one else. Steve stepped up to the door. His hand shook as he wrapped it around the handle. He felt the familiar minute vibration as it read his finger prints. For a moment cold dread filled him. Had Tony taken him out of the system? It was certainly a possibility, especially since he was presumed dead.
“Don’t even try and play dumb. It’s too late anyway. And we’re not doing anything with your eye like that.” He said, moving to the dresser and taking off his suit jacket, setting it to the side. Before He could start unbuttoning his shirt, though, Steve wrapped his arms around him, pulling him to his chest and kissing just behind his ear.
When Tony resurfaced from his office it was one in the morning-he hadn’t meant to spend so long working, but he was so far gone with a case he wasn't sure what to do. Things were going well, but he’d hit a wall, and if he didn’t figure something out soon the poor guy could be facing life in prison for a crime he certainly did not commit. His mind was still racing as he made his way to their bedroom, being as quiet as he could. He didn’t expect Steve to be awake, however.
before he’d arrived at the tower. He thought things were going to be better, and they were, but it was all so overwhelming. So incredibly overwhelming he genuinely wanted to be back in that containment cell. He looked down at the table, his heart sinking.
“Yeah? Bet you were.” Tony laughed a little, wondering if Barton had told Steve about him showing up at the pool. Tony watched as Steve cleaned the same table over again, and for a moment he thought of the party, of his back pressed up against that tree of Steve-
“No,” She said finally, shaking her head, her mind finally pushing through the fear. “No, not in a bad way, at least. A girlfriend from college came into town last night. You know how it goes.” She laughed, and to her credit it sounded real.
The rest of his run was truly uneventful, and he made his way back to Tony’s unnecessarily expensive penthouse house through back alleys and streets to avoid anybody getting in his way. He took a little longer than usual to try and calm himself down. What’d he’d seen had been all too familiar. There was no way in hell he was just going to let that happen, not if he could help it.  Tony didn’t need to see him like that though, all puffed up and angry. Steve refused to let Tony see him like that, so he pushed himself harder and ran until he was exhausted to the point that all he could think about was going home and getting in the shower. When he got to Tony’s building and walked past the reception to the elevator he stopped. He could still feel it, simmering under the surface. The frustration, the anger. He wanted to punch something. He’d go to the boxing gym later in the day to see if working the bag would fill his need to...whatever it was he needed to do. Steve wasn’t even sure himself.
“I thought you lost this number, Rogers.” Her voice was somehow smooth and crisp at the same time, washing over him from the phone's speaker. He straightened out the sheets so there wouldn’t be any wrinkles.
“ A little bit? That’s why you can’t breathe through your nose, right?” Tony asked, hopping off his stool and moving to one of the cupboards. From it he took an orange pill bottle. “You’re taking it easy today. Eat something, take one of these and go back to sleep.”
Tony.” Steve said, making Tony blank out completely, because Steve’s voice has gone higher, and he’s got the palms of his hands pressed to the wall behind, despite the fact that he was practically writhing with the effort not to touch himself. It was beautiful, really. Steve was standing there, practically glistening, His chest heaved, and when it did little droplets of sweat caught in the light. Tony was sweating too, but he highly doubted he looked so damn good doing it.
Steve slammed his fist into the punching bag and sent it flying across the gym. He stared at it for a moment, bewildered. The noise stopped suddenly and there was a voice that took it’s place. It took him a moment to realize he was shaking. Fuck...this was getting harder, not easier. Steve tried to take a breath and couldn’t. Air wouldn’t fill his lungs and his diaphragm wasn’t cooperating. It felt like an asthma attack. But that couldn’t be right. Was the serum failing?
“Mm, lucky for me.” Steve stepped closer before moving to the side. “Always next time.” He moved to the punching bag hanging from the ceiling. It was nothing like the old, beat up ones at Johnny’s. This was covered in sleek, soft black leather. Steve ran a hand up the surface and knew if he broke this bag, he might not be able to replace it.
“I think new.” He smiled then and it was different than the polite smile he had given the gawking sales people. It reminded Tony of the first time he had ever seen Steve smile. When Tony had woken up to see Captain America hovering over him. Except it hadn’t been Captain America. It had been Steve Rogers. Tony was starting to understand that they weren’t always one and the same.
“That’s what J thinks. I don’t know. One minute he was going at the punching bag and the next...I don’t know.”
“No, I know. But...I want you to know that none of that really had anything to do with you.” Steve sighed and glanced around at the restaurant. “That was all me. I was angry and I took it out on the wrong person. When I read your file, I actually really admired what you had accomplished. I kinda hoped we would meet.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Messed that up I guess.”
“Not all of it. Not enough of it. Personally, I find the idea that God should hate anyone simply for who they are deplorable. And I do my best to teach a message of love and acceptance and forgiveness.” Steve didn’t know why, but he felt his eyes burn with unshed tears. “My son, it is not forgiveness from the Lord that you need. But forgiveness for yourself. You must forgive yourself for surviving. You must forgive yourself for your impure thoughts. God has already forgiven you. He simply waits for you to forgive yourself and accept His love and forgiveness.”
“Please, you think the tabloids aren’t still speculating all the people that I could be with on the side?” Tony stretched as he stood from the couch. “I’m always great tabloid fodder. People eat it up.”
“Hey, Steve.” Bruce gave him a gentle smile. His hair was haphazard and his glasses were crooked. “How’re you feeling?”
“Steve, we’ve all been there. We all seen shit nobody should have to see. And we all did things that nobody should have to do. You know how many nights I laid awake, shitfaced, planning my suicide? Too many. I still have guilt about makin’ it out of there when so many people didn’t. And we all had to work through it. You can’t just push it all down and pretend it happened 70 years ago to someone else. It happened to you and it happened six weeks ago.”
Steve Rogers, the son of poor Irish immigrants, should have died during the Depression. Between his constant illnesses and the lack of food his mother had been sure he wouldn’t make it. He should have died in the mines or a construction crew. The only jobs he would have been likely to get before the war. And the war...hell, they all should have died in the war. If his ma could see him now. 92 years old and healthy as a horse. Christ, what the fuck had gone wrong in his life that he was sitting in this diner?
“God, that is adorable.” Steve shoved his hand in his pocket and pulled out a cigarette. He lit it and breathed out a sigh.
“He wasn’t.” Tony finished his drink. “Eh, I guess he was an okay husband. Mom never complained much. He was a shit dad though.” He took the glass from Steve’s hand and finished his drink too.
“Only potential recruits that need a little push. Ask Mr. Stark how he was courted. I’m sure he’ll tell you.”
Steve stepped out of the church back onto the Brooklyn streets. Truth be told, he hadn’t been to his old neighborhood since he had come out of the ice. He had not been ready to see what Bay Ridge looked like now. It certainly wasn’t as jarring as Time Square had been. Or hearing that the Dodgers had moved to LA. Still, it was different. His phone started ringing and pulled him out of his memories.
“Don’t worry about it. Sit.” Tony pushed him onto the couch. “I’m gonna change really quick. Make yourself at home. And stop looking like you shouldn’t be sitting on the furniture or something.” Tony disappeared into the bedroom and Steve sighed.
“I did! It should be here in just a minute.” Tony gave him a smile and they both jumped a little when JARVIS spoke.
“Oh.” Steve smiled at the poor, poor sales girl as he handed over the last of the clothes. “I guess that makes sense.” Did it? Tony had thought about that a lot over the last week or so. Was Pepper right to want him to quit the whole Avengers gig? Then again, weren’t relationships about compromise?
“...All right, soldier. Guess I’ll see you later today.” Tony hesitated before he grabbed Steve in another quick hug and then headed to the stairs. “I’ll put on the suit and we’ll go a few rounds.”
“Fuck.” Steve gasped harshly into Tony’s neck, dropping his forehead down onto his collarbone. Tony had pushed a thigh between his legs and had both hands on his hips now. His fingers dug into the denim at Steve’s hips as he tried to guide Steve into riding his thigh the way Tony was riding his.
“My face has seen worse.” Steve tried for light-hearted but as he said it, he could hear the bombs going off and the flash of the light blinding him.
“Steve, you don’t--” But whatever Tony had planned to say disappeared in a loud moan as Steve took the head of his cock into his mouth. He was a little out of practice but he figured if his muscle memory could still make the sign of the cross, he could still suck dick. He felt Tony’s hands in his hair again and Steve glanced up at him. He wanted to make Tony feel good. Make him feel like Steve had. Undone. Wrecked.
“Did you forget about lunch?” Pepper at least sounded slightly amused. Good. Less pissed off and more vaguely irritated.
“Don’t I feel special.” Steve smirked over at Tony. Damn. Why was this so easy? Steve should be stammering and falling all over himself. Why did Tony have to make this so easy?
“Don’t know.” Steve looked up at Tony who was watching him, his arms crossed over his chest. The light from the arc reactor was still visible.
It was the absolute last thing Steve expected when he rolled out of bed, fed up with the charade of sleep. And he definitely never expected anything like this from Tony. At least for Tony, Steve could blame the multiple glasses of whiskey. Maybe Tony wouldn’t even remember any of this come morning. Well, afternoon. But his hands were so warm against Steve’s face. And they were so close. It would be so easy to just... No. He absolutely could not do that. Even if he wouldn’t get sent to jail or court-martialed for it anymore. It was wrong. Tony was Howard’s son. And Peggy’s godson. And technically, a soldier under his command. And...oh yeah. Ms. Potts. It was all wrong. But, God, Steve wanted to know what it would feel like to kiss Tony Stark.
“They certainly think he does.” Natasha gave him a smile. “But I think we both know that you aren’t quite what people think. And the public, the WSC, and Fury are in for a surprise.”
“Well, it’s definite now. A couple weeks before Christmas.” Natasha sighed. “Look, you’ve been through enough, Steve. I understand the appeal of Tony Stark. There’s a reason he has such an infamous reputation. I’m just trying to save you a little heartache. Move on from New York and from Stark Industries. Get a real fresh start.”
“Cheating? You think that I would use that information to try and best you in a fight?” Steve turned to see Tony put his hand to his heart and shake his head. “I am shocked that you think so little of me, Cap.”
“I’m not not happy, Tony. I just wish you had remembered that we were supposed to have lunch and maybe called me.”
“They didn’t even try to hide that it’s our love child.” Steve shook his head and took a drink of the whiskey. “Could have at least let us announce it. Name the damn thing.”
“Yeah, yes...fuck, Tony.” Steve closed his eyes and arched his neck, tossing his head back. He felt teeth biting into his neck and he moaned, bucking his hips and fucking Tony’s fist.
“You’re so pretty when you curse.” Tony mumbled against his skin. “Do it again. Do it again for me, baby.” He twisted his wrist and Steve cried out.
“Please what? Tell me what you want?” He was rolling his hips against Steve’s and yep, there went thought processes again.
“You’re beautiful. So fucking beautiful. And you look even better with teeth marks.” Tony leaned down again and bit his collarbone. Steve cried out and his hips jerked up again. His jeans were uncomfortably tight as his cock leaked precome. He cursed Tony for buying him new, tight fitting jeans. “So sensitive, aren’t you baby...”
“The captain appears to be suffering from a panic attack brought on by severe post-traumatic stress disorder, Sir.”
“I don’t know what that even means.” Steve allowed himself to be dragged behind Tony. The most he had seen of the penthouse was during the Battle of New York. Now, it was a lot cleaner and devoid of demi-gods trying to take over the planet. It was still too angular and modern for Steve’s tastes. Much like the whole building.
“That’s what the bags are for, right?” Johnny laughed as he poured himself a fresh cup of coffee. “Don’t sweat it, Steve. Like I said, we all been there. You take your time. I can tell that guy to go fuck himself.”
He did his best to lose himself in the punching bag. It was difficult this morning. His mood was already questionable. He had too many things on his mind. Steve could still taste the cigarette he had shared with Johnny. Cigarettes and coffee. They had all lived on that during the war. Jesus, why was this so hard? Why couldn’t he just get over it? And why the hell were there planes flying over? They hadn’t requested any damn air support.
“I’m not--” Steve stopped himself. He was getting irritated. Deep breath. “I really am fine. I just need to eat breakfast.”
Steve took more of Tony into his mouth, sucking on the head of his cock. The rest of Tony tasted a lot like his lips had. Oil, sunshine, the ocean. He tasted the way he felt. Warm. Safe. So fucking good.
“Well, you didn’t give me much choice. Is it typical of SHIELD to harass friends and family of potential recruits?”
“If only Fury knew that his paragon of truth, justice, and the American way could suck cock like a pro.”
“It’s hard to tell. I guess I have...two identities and I don’t know which one it is people care about. The public hero or the private soldier.”
“Last night.” Bruce raised an eyebrow but Steve kept his mouth shut. Now that he was breathing normally again and had a better handle on the situation, he wasn’t about to volunteer information that was gonna get him tossed into a SHIELD psych ward with Clint.
“No, I’ll meet him there. Which floor?” Steve knew this was a bad idea. He had been running from Tony Stark for the last 36 hours. But it was either face the man and maybe get his mind off his other demons or lie awake and try not to think about how good Tony’s calloused hands would feel on other parts of his body.
“Only so much staring at the ceiling a guy can take.” Steve shrugged and went back to his book. An orphaned kid discovering he was actually more powerful than he thought. People said he should read it.
“Forgive me, Director, but I disagree. Any team that hopes to have a chance at success needs to build a bond, a trust. That doesn’t happen overnight.”
“Cap? Steve? You okay? JARVIS, what’s it look like?” It sounded muffled, like he was under water. Was he? Was he back under the ice? Or had he taken a bullet? Possible collapsed lung. Where was he? When was he?
He picked up the pace as he neared the Brooklyn Bridge. He had never run for exercise before now. When he was younger it had been because he couldn’t. And then when he could run, it was because he had to. Steve had started running when he woke from the ice. Everything was too small and too confining, too loud and too bright, too, too, too... So, he ran. Ran until he could finally feel an ache in his muscles. He had no idea how far he had run that first time. But afterward Fury called him Forrest Gump for a week. Steve did not understand the reference.
“Take a seat, Captain.” Fury gestured to the chair across the conference table from him. Steve eyed him for a minute before he sat down. “I appreciate you finally agreeing to meet with me.”
“Sure thing, Cap. Can’t let you go hungry, now can I?” Tony settled back on the couch once he had finished opening all the bags and little, white boxes. “All right, J, queue up The Naked Time.”
“Come here...” Tony pulled Steve up and into a kiss. He pushed his tongue into his mouth, tasting himself there on Steve’s tongue. “Christ, Steve...where did you learn to do that?”
“Shit. Okay. Steve? You gotta at least answer me. Look at me maybe?” The voice moved to the front of him and Steve stared. He was blurry and gasping for air. No, wait. That was Steve. “Come on, Cap. You gotta breathe for me.”
“Malibu.” It was muffled against his shoulder, but Steve heard it too clearly. “Pepper says I need to go back before the end of the year. She wants me to show up to more meetings and take a more active role in the company. I’m supposed to meet her there next week.” Steve gently lifted Tony’s head from his shoulder and repeated the touch Tony had used on him, holding his face in his hands.
“Tony is so egotistical and self-absorbed he wouldn’t notice if you stripped naked in front of him and covered yourself in whipped cream.” She reached out and gently laid a hand on his arm. “You’re pining for the very wrong person here.”
“Well let me know if you change your mind. Pepper accumulated a pretty decent list of psychiatrists after Afghanistan.”
“Lookin’ forward to it.” Steve watched Tony disappear back upstairs. He sighed and fought the urge to just fall back onto the couch. Out. He needed to run and clear his head. State of the art gym be damned. He was running to Brooklyn and he was gonna take all this out on some breakable punching bags. Steve couldn’t fight the painful, vivid memories or this wonderful but frustrating new feeling. And sleeping sure as hell wasn’t going to help. Steve heaved a sigh and dragged his feet to the stairs to go down to his floor. He should at least change his clothes.
“Steve?” He opened his eyes and God, Tony was so close. His warm, brown eyes were watching Steve and he couldn’t remember any of the stupid things he had just thought.
“Huh? Oh! No! I just...I hadn’t seen the new leather jacket we got you in action yet. It uh...it looks really good on you. With the bike and the hair and the cigarette. You look like a greaser out of West Side Story.”
“Then what do you want to do?” She was watching him closely and it irked him. What did he want to do with his life? Jesus, he had never even thought about it. He started to laugh. “What is so funny?”
Steve could only do his best to try and keep up. When Tony tugged on his hair again, a lot less gentle this time, a spark shot down his spine and he gasped into Tony’s mouth. He gripped Steve’s ass and pulled him down into the crook of Tony’s legs. He was hard against Steve’s thigh and he didn’t think he would ever be capable of higher thought again.
“I don’t know.” Tony breathed his answer, never taking his eyes away from Steve. “Can you believe it? I have absolutely no idea.” Tony pulled Steve to him and their lips met in another kiss. But this was different from the quick, furtive one that Steve had given Tony that day in the gym. This was entirely different.
“Good to see a familiar face.” Steve looked up to see Natasha leaning against the wall beside the elevator doors.
“Come on, I’m supposed to let Captain America stay in a shitty apartment, alone, with subpar electronics? What kind of American would I be?”
“Hey, all troubled water under the bridge, Cap.” Tony waved it off. He did not want to talk about this again. That whole scene had been ugly. Everyone had been. Except Thor. He was just kinda...there.
“Great! So you’re on your way back to the Tower?” Tony sounded genuinely delighted and Steve hated him a little bit.
“I know. It’s devastating.” Tony threw himself down on the couch and sighed. “And rude. Hulk couldn’t have waited for the rest of us to show up for that?”
“Brooklyn? Steve...we’re in Midtown Manhattan. You’re running all the way to another borough just to use a gym?”
“I can’t say it’s my favorite place in the world.” Steve shrugged and tried not to think about moving to another city. He would be moving out of the Tower. Away from Bruce and Clint and Tony. Tony. Therein laid a huge problem. He wondered if that’s what Natasha meant. And if it was, how did she know?
“Yeah, well he’d have to raise the dead for that.” Steve took a long drag off the cigarette. “Sorry, Johnny. I shouldn’t take this shit out on you.”
“Sir?” JARVIS startled Steve as he stepped into the elevator. “Mr. Stark would like you to join him in the gym this morning if you are agreeable.” Steve hit the back of his head against the elevator wall. “Shall I tell him that you are going to rest?” Even JARVIS wanted Steve to go to sleep. Did he look as bone tired as he felt?
“You would certainly look out of place sitting behind a desk all day. And you’d be okay moving to DC?”
“God, Tony, please...” Steve didn’t know what he wanted. Aside from Tony. He knew that much. He wanted Tony and he wanted Tony to do anything he damn well pleased.
“God, Steve.” Tony pushed his shirt up and Steve helped him pull it off. Once it was discarded, he pushed Steve down onto the couch. He leaned down and started kissing and sucking on Steve’s neck. His teeth scraped over his collarbone and his hips bucked up into Tony. “Fuck, look at you.”
“I’ll pass. I have some more work to do. Save me some burned toast.” Bruce smiled at Steve and patted him on the shoulder. “We’re here for you. No judgement. What kind of team are we without our fearless leader?”
But Steve couldn’t stop laughing. It was all just so absurd. He was sitting across from an international spy in a sticky New York diner in 2012 and she was asking what he wanted to be when he grew up. The kicker was that he had never thought about his future because nobody expected him to have one. It was a miracle that he had lived long enough to become Captain America. And during the war they all talked about after but nobody knew for sure if there would be an after. Now here he was, 68 years later, with no plan. And he was supposed to be the man with the plan.
What the hell was he doing here? He didn’t belong here. Not in a billionaire, genius, philanthropist’s penthouse while his girlfriend was away in Malibu. In their actual home. Steve scrubbed a hand over his face and sighed. This was bad and he was an idiot. But he was here now. And he certainly couldn’t back out of an evening with Tony. First because he really didn’t want to and second because Tony would probably take it personally. And Steve didn’t want to hurt him. Not when it was Steve and his stupid feelings that were the problem. Tony had done nothing wrong.
The streets were familiar, laid out in a grid that he had memorized before he had an eidetic memory. Some of the old buildings remained standing right where he remembered them. But then there were things straight out of an old science fiction serial. Not least of all some of his new friends. A demi-god from another planet, a real-life Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and of course, Iron Man. Together they had fought aliens coming through a wormhole in space led by a man with a magic spear.
“Look at me, baby.” Steve forced his eyes open to look up at Tony. “I want to see your face when I make you come.” And that was all she wrote. Steve came with a shout of Tony’s name, his back arching up off the couch. His orgasm was so intense, his vision blacked out. All he could do was hold on to Tony’s hips, groaning as he rode it out.
“Tony...” Steve didn’t know what he wanted to say. His hands in Steve’s hair was distracting and he couldn’t breathe through the thick tension that seemed to be escalating. It felt like the argument on the helicarrier again. They were too close. So close. In each other’s space, breathing each other’s air. Tony was searching Steve’s face. His eyes traveling over every freckle it seemed. “What are we doing?”
Tony. Therein lied the issue though. The whole reason Steve had jumped out of bed and ran from the Tower like it had spontaneously combusted. Maybe it had. He had found a life preserver floating in the freezing cold water of the Artic. But he knew that if he held on, they would both drown. He had to find his own way back to shore. Steve did his best to ignore the sound of the treadmill and the man on it. Gotta find his own pace and rhythm.
“...All right, Steve. If you say so.” Johnny lit another cigarette and held it to Steve. “But I think you should just go. This guy is persistent and he’ll keep going to people until he finds someone that’ll make you listen.”
“This is what I’m good at, Tony. This is...this is what I was made for. To fight. To win. I can’t just...lay down the shield and disappear into the woods.”
“Too restless for that.” Tony turned and headed into the gym. “So, soldier, wanna test your strength against superior punching bags?”
“I know that you don’t follow orders blindly. Which is what Fury and the WSC are hoping for. And I know that you aren’t the all-American golden boy that the public wants.” The elevator doors slid open and Steve stepped off. She followed behind him. “Come on, Steve. Let me buy you lunch.” He sighed. He didn’t have any reason to refuse but he wasn’t sure he wanted to endure an entire lunch of Natasha Romanoff trying to dissect him.
Steve placed his hand on the bag and took a deep breath. Tony had started running on the treadmill. The sound of the machine combined with the steady thud of Tony’s feet as he ran. Steve listened for a few seconds before landing the first blow, timed perfectly to Tony hitting the treadmill. He should try and pace himself. No need to go breaking the brand new, fancy punching bag. Keep pace with Tony and it should be fine.
“You weren’t the first thing on my list, Tony, but yeah. Of course I Googled you. Guess I thought that maybe since Howard was your dad you would...” Know who I was. “I’m surprised he settled down and got married. He never seemed like the type.”
“...He may have stopped by.” Johnny at least had the decency to sound apologetic. Steve gave the bag one, good punch and sent it across the room, split at the seam.
“...You’re welcome, Steve.” Tony tightened his grip in his hair and for a moment, Steve wondered if Tony wanted to kiss him too. But no, of course not. Tony Stark is a brilliant, successful engineer with a beautiful girlfriend. What would he need to waste time with Steve for? Tony was a friend, a good friend. And Steve just needed to be okay with that and let this whole, stupid crush go. Just breathe and let it go.
“Can always use good company.” Steve headed for the coffee first. Not like the monstrosity in the kitchen of the Tower. He poured himself a cup and took a long drink. Still not quite the same as the burned shit they had on the field. But the taste could still bring back the sound of an Army camp about to be on the move.
“Steve.” Natasha leaned forward, resting her elbows on the table. “I think we both know that’s not what I mean.” Steve looked away and couldn’t come up with an excuse before she started talking again. “Don’t think that I haven’t noticed. Hell, Bruce has noticed. Clint would notice if he were around to see it.”
“Come on, soldier. I got cheesy 1960s sci-fi to show you.” Tony took Steve’s hand and pulled him to the elevator.
He slowed to a light jog as he came up on the gym. And was surprised to see Johnny standing outside the door. Coffee in one hand, a cigarette in the other. Johnny was a Vietnam vet and had started the gym with his father, Mac, after he came home. Mac had fought in the European theatre of World War II. He had seen Normandy from a safe distance. Steve wished he could say the same. These people knew him as Steve and they understood what it meant to survive a war.
“Yeah. I bet.” He didn’t really know how to answer that. Deflect. Evasive maneuvers.      “You settling into the Tower all right?”
“I’m pretty familiar with the thousand-yard stare, Steve.” Tony dropped back onto the couch, closer than he had been previously. “My buddy Rhodey has had his fair share of tours in the middle east.”
“How long since your last confession?” The priest’s voice was rough with age and Steve felt like he was 8 years old again. Kneeling in the same confessional, dark and stuffy as it had been the last time he had been here.
Steve breathed in the chilled, early morning air. He almost missed the sting of it in his lungs. Almost. He loved the city like this. He could almost pretend that nothing had changed. Almost. Bright lights were hard to avoid in New York City. Even at this hour. It seemed fitting that Steve found himself running the streets of Manhattan. The city that never sleeps meet the man who slept too long. So long that he had found himself in a new world. A world where everything was different and yet the same.
“I don’t know, Nat.” He leaned back against the sticky booth and crossed his arms. “I enlisted to fight Nazis. I didn’t mean to...become some symbol or anything more than just another enlisted private. This was never what I wanted to do with my life.”
“The footage says otherwise.” Fury pulled up news coverage from the Battle on the screen in the conference room. “Now prior to a day before this, you two had never even met.”
“The bar I used to work in. Off of 3rd in Bay Ridge. Bunch of first-generation Irish immigrants. Get off of work and come in to get drunk.”
Breathe, Steven. Peggy’s calm, sharp, bright voice before another mission to take down Hydra. One more. Steve closed his eyes for one last breath before tackling the bag again.
“Be nice. Clint is having a rough time.” Steve mimicked throwing the shield. “I don’t know, Tony. I feel like it’s gonna tear if I move too fast...”
“It was trust. You trusted him right then. Not just with your shield or the battle but with your life. And you trusted him when you took his offer to live in the Tower.”
“You’re up early.” Johnny took a drag from his cigarette and offered it to Steve. He took it and held it for a moment before he took a drag himself.
“It’s a night cap. Get it?” Tony smirked at him and Steve took the drink. “Come on, I don‘t even get a courtesy laugh? Night, Cap?” Steve huffed out a small chuckle.
“’Course. I’m taking it all out on the punching bags.” Steve wanted to reach over and brush the hair back from Tony’s forehead. He blamed the whiskey. Or the late hour. Maybe the fact that he hadn’t really had a decent nights sleep since before the war. But...it could also be the way Tony had been looking at him.
“Yeah, yeah. He keeps telling me he isn’t that kind of doctor but...yeah, call Bruce. Tell him to hurry but don’t break anything.” A warm hand wrapped around his wrist. “Pulse is rapid but strong.” Strong, not thready. So not a bullet. “Steve, honey? It’s Tony. You’re in Avengers Tower with me. It’s 2012. You’re safe. You’re safe here, Steve. I’ve got you, honey. Just breathe for me.” Tony? Steve blinked several times until his vision cleared. Tony came into focus finally and the gym around them. Steve gasped in a deep breath.
“Somehow I’m not convinced.” Tony set his glass down and leaned toward Steve. “...SHIELD talk to you about seeing a therapist?”
“You don’t need to run all way to Brooklyn to punch things. I have a state-of-the-art gym right here in the Tower. I got targets for Barton and Romanoff. Custom made arrows and everything. Soon as SHIELD clears him, he is gonna have a damn field day. Got pads and hand to hand gear so that you and Thor can spar without killing each other. We got free weights and machines and treadmills and ellipticals, Olympic size pool, and of course punching bags. Ones that even you would have a hard time breaking.”
“Definitely not qualified to run for president. I think the president should have a basic knowledge of history past 1945. And better than a high school education from 1938.” Steve sighed. “All things considered, I guess I would feel like shit if I wasted the gifts that Dr. Erskine gave me. I should be out saving the world.”
“I’m always up for a challenge.” Steve felt like he was doing his best statue impression. He didn’t want to move away from Tony but he also couldn’t get closer. Purgatory. His mother was always right.
“It’s a sick irony. I should have died so many times and I never did. When I was a kid, when I was an adult, in the war. I wasn’t supposed to live to see my 21st birthday. And here I am. But people that should have lived long, happy, healthy lives are gone. Where is the good in that?”
