John smiles at him. "You're an idiot," he says by way of reply, handing him a plate of tea and toast. "Don't ever do that to me again."
had made it so.
The Irish boy dragged his eyes away from the burly blond boy
Will's face was perfectly serene, very explicitly having expected this exact reaction. John couldn't help smiling along with him, although he made an effort to wipe the expression from his face whenever his newest friend directed his frustrated glare at him. "Of course they end up together. I told you they would."
before and she hadn't been anything special.
he asked politely.
The detective let out a long breath, swaying slightly where he stood and propping himself up on the high lip of the coffin. "We'll need to interview her," he said faintly.
"Thank you," John said, since the detective was already on his way out of the theatre, Billy trailing a few steps behind him.
The detective rolls his eyes. "Just things, John, it's fine. You're drunk."
The Constable shrugged in defeat. "Help yourself," he said. "He's right, it's likely to be a lover of hers, and there are worse things we can do than feign ignorance on this one case."
warmth. "I know that's a lot to ask for."
wrong with Tobias."
, who would put down their own lives for the lives of others without a second thought. He
John didn't let him go, even when the mess in Sherlock's trousers bled uncomfortably through them. It seemed like it would fuse them together if they didn't move, but Sherlock wasn't sure he was entirely opposed to the prospect. If the fusing wasn't terrifically uncomfortable, that was; his groin began to itch as they lay there and semen soaked into his skin.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock apologised quickly, looking at the door to his room uncertainly before closing it behind them.
. "Tea, then?" he asks, tossing his jumper at the stairs. Sherlock places the St Bernard on the mantelpiece beside the skull.
The man gaped at him, his blue eyes clearing of their satisfied haze and turning to horror. "You
Marchbanks gave up tapping the face of the torch and frowned. "Yes, they did," he replied, sounding surprised. "I thought it must happen all the time, because there was a torch down here by the door."
For a moment, the doctor just watched him. Then he smiled warmly. "I'm very glad you're not," he replied. Sherlock grinned at him, and he eventually turned his face back towards the window. "So where are we going?" he asked.
John lifted his head from Sherlock's neck and smiled. "I would think you'd be ready by now, wouldn't you?"
me to come this time, do you?" John bites back. Sherlock's chuckle drifts out of the open door.
John shrugged, earning a crack from his back as well. "I've slept now, I'll be fine. I'll call the surgery, but I'm coming with you to the new crime scene."
"No, Lestrade," he said brightly in the meantime, clicking his pocket magnifier shut after examining a series of marks across one hip that turned out to be impressions from the chain on his trousers. "It's definitely the same killer. Just because they didn't use the same type of bondage equipment doesn't mean anything – nobody carries a roll of bondage tape around in their handbag on the off-chance they'll meet someone interested in tying them up."
uncomfortable. He tries to break it a few times, but Sherlock either ignores him outright or dismisses him with one short, irritable sentence. John can't help but think he might have ruined this forever.
work like that," John reminded him, amused now.
Grieg was better at keeping quiet than Julien was, the steady sound of his heavy breathing broken only by the occasional gasp or grunt as Sherlock did something unexpected. His hands, however, made up for this lack of expression; the one fisted in Sherlock's hair tightened and loosened with the rhythm he was attempting to maintain, which meant every time Sherlock bore down on his cock Grieg tugged on his hair to the point of pain. This shouldn't have been making him more aroused, but it really was. He'd think about that later. The other hand was busying itself stroking firm circles into the skin of his neck, sliding under the stiff collar of his shirt to caress his shoulder. When he came, Grieg brought both hands up to cup the back of Sherlock's neck, his every muscle contracting, and let out a long, soft groan.
"Do we really need to go there?" he asked. Carl's thick lips twitched into something that more or less exactly failed to look like a smile.
"Hey, actually, you know what you… no, don't worry. I was going to suggest you grab a loaf of bread from the toast-bucket, but the kitchen staff get cranky and I don't want to get you in trouble on your first day. Don't worry about it. You can help me carry the crisps, come on."
"He sounds a bit like you, actually, Jim," Bill continued. "You know, the way you notice things that other people don't and use them to draw conclusions about people."
The light grew, and grew, and Sherlock's very brain was burning as his heart seemed to drown in shadow, and he wanted to scream but he had lost all control of his voice, he could feel the shadows climbing his legs and he almost wished they would just finish him the way the others had died instead of drawing it out like this, and the Doctor was still talking, something about knowing if they killed anyone else but Sherlock could see the bluff in his posture and the way he was moving his hands and he knew that the lights were as high as the Timelord could make them and if this wasn't killing them then there wasn't much more that they could do –
, John tries to think of other words in vain – and employs his viciously sharp elbows in an attempt to hoard the cake for himself; within a series of blinks the situation escalates like a snowball rolling down a hill until both men are on the floor, berry compote smeared over their faces and arms, giggling madly and still attempting to incapacitate the other. A small part of John's brain not focussed on Sherlock's long, agile fingers digging into his sides decides that this is what heaven will feel like when one day he gets there.
Sherlock flicked his coat out behind him as he sat where she was indicating. "I'm a consulting detective," he said, as though this explained anything instead of confusing her further. "I am not associated with Her Majesty's Justices, but on this instance I am assisting Constable Lestrade in his investigations."
He returned a bored expression. He had heard about the incident, of course; the students that had been selected to attend the competition had returned early and babbling with gossip. One of the boys from Islington High had suffered from some sort of fit while swimming and the competition had been cancelled when they discovered he had died. He had been vaguely interested, but there did not seem to be any indication of foul play and the stirrings of interest had faded.
John raised an eyebrow incredulously. "You just
Lestrade laughed, deliberated for a moment, and then nodded. It was worth ten minutes' wasted time just to see what a post-coital Sherlock would be like.
Only to find the glass door of the bank blocked by the spacesuit-wearing fanatics.
The detective releases his mouth, but not his hand, leaning back on the pillows again, his head tossing from side to side as John tightens his fist around Sherlock's cock. John lies down properly beside him and tangles one leg between Sherlock's; he brings their clasped fingers up to his mouth and kisses them as the detective's hips start rocking forwards helplessly. Sherlock is chanting as his head writhes around the pillow and John noses into his flatmate's neck to be closer to the words – a desperate litany of his own name.
Bill rested his chin on his hand theatrically and narrowed his eyes. John sighed. "Bill. Give it a rest."
Sherlock opens his eyes slowly, his pupils huge. John frowns and wonders if he should check for concussion, but the detective smiles. "Thank you."
, somehow, and Sherlock drank it without a second thought.
as much as I hoped it would."
John rolled his eyes, but he nodded his assent. His hand rested calmly on the empty seat between them, palm down, looking slightly out of place, as though that was not where it naturally wanted to rest. Sherlock considered reaching out and placing his own hand on top of it, but decided against it.
," John said earnestly, and this time when he reached up the hand not clasped within the detective's own Sherlock allowed him to stroke his pale cheek with the back of one finger. His skin tingled at the contact.
She looks down at her fingers, twisting together in her lap. "My sister has two children, and Neville is very fond of them. I think he's always wanted children, but we don't… we just don't have the right lifestyle for a child, you know?"
to give it to him. The part of my brain that keeps that control won't let it go.
" he agreed, sounding horror-struck once more, "
He didn't pick up a word of what the Biology teacher was saying, not that it mattered in the long run. Through most of the lesson he was acutely aware of the fact that Julien's eyes were on him, and that the other boy's fingers were alternating between tapping out a bored sort of rhythm on the desk and stroking languidly down the page of his textbook the way one might stroke a lover's skin. He wondered if Julien was doing it on purpose.
in their relationship. It was lovely and domestic and he
"You may report it to us," Sherlock told him, crossing back to the counter with a barely-suppressed expression of glee. "We will ensure the relevant authority is alerted to its whereabouts."
Molly raised an eyebrow incredulously at the audience.
Julien hadn't dared to take control like this; it was the one thing that irritated Sherlock slightly about the things that they did together. After the first time he'd almost choked him, Julien seemed to prefer to take a back-seat role where he wouldn't hurt Sherlock if he lost control. Sherlock didn't mind so much – after all, he rather enjoyed being the one to hold the reins. Only sometimes he wondered what it would be like to surrender them, to follow someone else's direction for a while.
The taller boy shook his head dismissively. "I want to be a detective because I think it'd be interesting, not because I want to
The actor took another step forward, Sherlock's grey-green eyes boring down into John's face as though searching for his next line inside it. "
Sherlock had felt the same. "I've been promising Molly I'd practice with him for weeks, I can't just not go," the detective excused. John was sure he was imagining the hesitation in his voice, as though Sherlock was trying to convince himself more than he was John.
John notes with a frown the adjectives his brain is still using to describe his friend. This is what got him into this mess in the first place; he sends his brain a sharp reprimand and tries to focus on the conversation.
. Then he swallowed, his entire posture softening. "I apologise," he said quietly. "If it helps, I thought your performance was very impressive. And I'm committing to the play for the entire season, although I had largely decided that after last night anyway."
Sherlock's lip curled. "
Mycroft Holmes raised a disdainful eyebrow at John when they were shown into his office by his sleek assistant; Sherlock gave his brother a hard stare as though daring him to comment. Lestrade, looking uncomfortably out-of-place on a rich settee by the window, simply smiled in greeting at the two of them.
Sherlock leans back across the settee comfortably. For a moment John thinks he's about to get the detective's dress socks on his lap, but he isn't that lucky. "Well, if it's as easy as you make out, Lestrade, I'm sure you can handle it on your own. I've dealt with Milverton before, and nothing I found in our exchanges makes me want to bring his killers to justice. I think sometimes you just have to trust that a lifetime of bad deeds has come back to bite the victim."
"In your version, maybe," Sherlock countered. "Right here and now, it's better this way."
But Sherlock's bugbear is the strange things that
John laughed as she led the others out of the med bay, one arm fixed proudly around T'Penya's shoulders. Molly hesitated for a moment, looking torn, but at John's expectant look she too departed, drawing the curtain around them and muttering something about replenishing supplies.
Julien spread his hands in smug submission. "I would not know," he said, smirking. "Very well, then. You go and
was only such a success because it drew so heavily on
them not find anything when he could be role-playing the situation with John back at home.
"I'm so sorry," he said to the Constable, and he really looked it. "I miscalculated somehow. Lady Brackenstall isn't here."
he muttered.
"I hope not," John said, after enough deep breaths to get his heart rate manageable.
He took Sherlock's hand for a moment, squeezed it, then let it go. Sherlock started, but his fingers clutched tightly at John's in the moment before they released each other. Lestrade eyed the two of them with interest.
To his surprise, the older man looked angry. He dropped the pen and leaned forward across the desk, folding his arms. "There is
"Evidently," he replied calmly. It wasn't as though he had expected the Doctor to ask him to travel in a one-metre-squared phonebox.
Lestrade bit his lip, but unhooked his coat from behind the door. "If you are capable of waking her, perhaps you could send Sally to wake another Constable," the detective suggested. "Gregson, perhaps, or Dimmock? We may need the word of someone who wasn't present yesterday to convince the pall-bearers to open the coffin. We cannot under any circumstances allow Peters' mother-in-law to be buried undisturbed."
"Both he and Lady Carfax looked like they were begging me to investigate, but wouldn't give me any information themselves," he mused, throwing himself back from the desk and beginning to pace with no further introduction. "Did you see that little smile when I mentioned the jewellery? It's like they're trying to find out how smart I am."
John snorted. "What, so the writer could never force you to the pub to talk to your audience? You know, you could have said no."
He smiled at the taller man's automatic assumption that anyone who disagreed with his own interpretation of a script was wrong, but he knew the truth of the statement. Sometimes people did get the wrong end of the stick from the incomplete lines of the cue-script, but actors like Tobias found it impossible to change the way they said a line after they had memorised it a certain way.
They're walking back to the hotel at around seven-thirty when John hears someone calling out his name. He gets a strange sense of déjà-vu as he turns around to a face he doesn't recognise. "John Watson," the woman says happily. "Well, I never."
be able to feel the heat rising off his skin, the gallop of his heartbeat, the steady heaving of his chest as he breathes too heavily. His entire world narrows to the feeling of this cold point of Sherlock's skin, so unassuming and
He was even more surprised when Jim turned up in the TV room ten minutes later with a loaf of white bread and a bowl of margarine. Bill greeted him with a hearty cheer of "Christ, Jim, we'll keep you around – what did you, work out one of the staff's secrets and threaten to tell the principal?"
from someone he got from John. Everything else was something that people
he cried, holding his arms out to draw an audience reaction.
, this sudden thing that John felt for Sherlock; it was more like
barman grinned, sliding a mug down the polished wood until it stopped right in front of John's crossed arms. "On the house. And you, Molly."
The dark-haired teen gasped, and a deep, urgent sound ripped out of his throat. John chuckled as he licked the indents of his teeth in Sherlock's skin and raised a hand to try and loosen Sherlock's grip on his collar. "John," Sherlock rumbled, shifting his fingers to the back of John's neck and trying to guide his head back up, "John, I need –"
The DI mulled this over for a moment before sighing. "All right," he said, as though the information really didn't make much difference. "Didn't you say you knew people who could find her?"
The man intoned the customary, most likely scripted response. Evidently it had been a long and monotonous day. For a moment Sherlock almost envied him.
The two seventh-formers exchanged nonplussed glances. Jim spoke about the 'human race' as though he wasn't one. However, what he said about them practically epitomised John's view of things. There wasn't any point in pretending not to like someone, because if they never found out then what chance did you have? That was one of the things he liked most about Bill. Sure, he could be hugely indelicate with it, but at least there was no doubt in Hannah's mind that he was interested in her. He hummed his agreement to the statement.
"That
I smile at him. "On the contrary, John," I tell him. "That man, Lestrade, the other officer that's here – is he the one who's been here all the time? Watching the scene?"
He'd always known he couldn't keep anything from William Shakespeare, and yet every time his friend revealed some specific intimate detail that he knew about John it still made him a little uncomfortable. He cleared his throat awkwardly. "Yes, it was Molly," he admitted. One corner of Will's mouth twitched sympathetically. "You know I like Sherlock. He could obviously tell I have… inappropriate feelings for Molly as well but he got completely the wrong end of the stick - he thought I was jealous of him for rehearsing with Molly when I don't get to so much, but really it was the other way around. So I sort of shouted that at him, and that's when the kissing started, and so I thought we were okay."
"If you're only going to lie to us,
(See the end of the chapter for
John's fingers twitched urgently as Sherlock bit the soft hollow between John's hipbone and his thigh, a huff of breath almost like a laugh escaping his lips. Sherlock caught the signs immediately and looked up at John with a knowing smirk on his own mouth; John did laugh at the expression. "Shut up," he growled, but his lips twisted into a reluctant smile and his fingers threaded into Sherlock's hair.
"Only when it's
," he returned.
accept it. His next line was the proof of it.
that simple," he counteracted, watching Grieg's blue eyes widen, the pupils dilating. "We just have to be quiet.
Within half an hour, the wall was covered in portraits and names, string linking various pieces like a spider's web. John had quickly lost track of what connected what; Sherlock had switched from the red string to an undyed one after a few moments to signify possible connections rather than certain ones, and covered the entire wall so quickly John had barely blinked and he had missed it. The detective was still talking at a phenomenal rate, but it was now more directed at himself than at John, and he had given up trying to understand more than the odd word.
John shrugged, a dry smile making itself known on his face. "I think the only person who
Sherlock pulled a small, thin sliver of steel from his pocket and slid it into the jewellery box's lock, earning him an indignant cry from the butler. "Look here, I really must insist -"
move somewhere private without embarrassing yourself."
"Yeah, there were two of them," Lestrade says easily. "They weren't very careful, their footprints are everywhere. Shouldn't be too hard for you. One of our junior officers nearly caught the second man – he says he was short and stocky, light-haired, dark clothing."
James Potter awoke with a dazed expression, as though surprised to find himself flat on his back on the living-room floor with his best friend looming over him. He blinked, twice, and then accepted the hand that was offered to him and hauled himself back to his feet.
"Bye, Bill. Stay safe."
"She is an extraordinary woman," the artist mused. "A real beauty, and distinctly well-bred. She gave the impression of extreme control, as though her every movement was carefully considered before she made it. I have always speculated that such control comes from hiding some dark secret, but that is simply the romantic wish of an artist - there was never any evidence to suggest as such."
Mycroft Holmes tossed the radio onto the bed and poked at a beaker with the end of his umbrella. "But I see it wasn't enough to stop you staying up into the small hours with your little experiments." Sherlock was very careful to keep the point of the curved sword pointing at his brother, and eventually the elder stopped his fiddling. "Do try to get yourself together in time this morning. Mummy will have a fit if you miss the train again."
and topples.
The French boy raised an eyebrow at him, his vivid green eyes travelling over Sherlock's hair – that he had tried desperately to smooth into the semblance of order it had been in before John had run his fingers through it and failed – and his still-rumpled clothing before lifting up in amusement. "Did you find what you were looking for,
John tried to look as though this wasn't a big deal, but it
life would quickly be rebutted with answers as to what was going on in theirs. But he understood Julien's trepidation. He was new here, and his father's reputation could likely only protect him so far.
Someone in the table behind him murmured: "God, Holmes, you're such a freak."
There was a long pause. John looked as though he was fighting with himself, as though a part of him desperately wanted this but there was a part of him that knew it wasn't a good idea. A part of Sherlock knew that, too, but he wanted to see John come more than he cared about the sense of doing so.
I might show her, about how maybe it
he answered,
As he rolls over and a thin, dissatisfying sleep fogs over his brain, he thinks he hears a muffled shout of his name in Sherlock's voice from the bathroom downstairs.
John replied innocently, turning his head to follow the detective when he began to walk circles around him.
"No," John replied, pulling a ringbinder out of his bag. "Why, should she have?"
Sherlock made a frantic noise. "
someone and being
he allowed.
John laughed. "I wouldn't have a clue. It could make ice-cream as well for all I know about technology."
Sherlock looked as though he was trying very hard not to smile back through his scowl. "Of course," he said grudgingly. "Well, mostly. It's been a while since I learned them, but I'm sure they're still there."
Also, I might come back to this story at some point in the future and add more to it, flesh out bits of plot, maybe add more interludes. I think there's a lot of potential here that I didn't get a chance to explore. For the meantime, enjoy the epilogue!
John sighed resignedly. "Fine," he said. "Next time we see Lestrade
John deposits a cup of tea in front of her and curls up in his own armchair. "Well," she starts, "my husband has gone missing." Sherlock raises an eyebrow elegantly. "He went away on a business trip – he does that often, he's the liaison officer for the MED offices – and he was supposed to come back on Sunday, but he didn't. He didn't call or anything to say he was going to be late – he just wasn't on the plane and we haven't heard from him since."
Something in his stomach clenched as Sherlock's fingers rooted in his hair, joining their lips together once more. This Sherlock was so
John collapsed back into laughter, whilst the younger actor turned a very deep shade of pink. "I… is that not what she's supposed to be thinking?" he stammered. "I mean - she's clearly attracted to both of them, I -"
differently. And even if he doesn't… he'd had… I mean…" he blushed. "He wasn't a
? John wanted his own life before he let it get taken over by someone else's who was just so much
magic."
He sat up sharply, glancing at John. Henzell was the other man he had contacted about finding the killer; he had told him he hadn't seen anyone but that he would keep an eye out. "Have you seen her?"
it. And the more I think about it the more I shudder at what the rest of my life
on it! Nothing's come up on the black market, no-one in our government
Sherlock cleared his throat absently, still gaping at the spot where it had vanished. "I did it," he said.
He could feel Stamford smirking as John looked down at his leg. "Afghanistan… sorry, how did you –"
John glanced amusedly at Sherlock as they stopped backstage. "What was that?" he asked.
It wasn't until he had closed his front door behind him that his anger cooled and he realised what he'd said.
you already know who they are I'm still not telling you," the undertaker said scathingly. "Not until I see an official document from Her Majesty's Government."
complains about it. For a moment the detective is thrown. Then he smiles wryly. "Digestives?"
between those two, but he hadn't known it was
John returned the chuckle. "I'd carry you, but I don't think my shoulder could take it," he said, affecting an apologetic tone. "We have to move, Sherlock - I am
– of murder?"
"Well," he said eventually, doing the awkward clapping motion again. "I've got to go. I'll see you at the Fox, about six-ish?" he said to Molly, patting her sweetly on the lower back. "It was nice to meet you," he directed at Sherlock, managing to sound almost
"What?" the Doctor asked, his voice suddenly breathless with concern. At the renewed sound of his voice, Sherlock snapped back into sensibility. "Do you have two shadows?"
wanted to be a pirate. Hell, I
"Get it back on the table," Sherlock ordered, and by some miracle, the pall-bearers obeyed him. The moment the coffin had been set down, the detective had pulled a knife from the depths of his coat and began to prise up the lid. "John, help me," he commanded, holding out the knife even as he drew another instrument from his pocket for himself. "Quickly!"
"Good. I don't want to hear anything else – first, I want you to go and get the letter."
It took a moment for John to regain the breath that he'd carefully stacked up in order to project his voice properly, and it still shook on his first line.
Sherlock backed away from him, working himself into a rage. "
John hummed agreement. "You know, there are people out there who firmly believe that Hamlet's entire character springs from the fact that he actually wants to sleep with Gertrude," he started, letting his amusement show in his voice. Sherlock arched a disbelieving eyebrow at him without otherwise acknowledging the statement, continuing his brisk walk down the cobbled street. "It actually explains a fair amount of his behaviour, when you think about it. His completely irrational disgust for her and Claudius' marriage bed is jealousy, and he can't quite bring himself to kill Claudius because he's accomplished what Hamlet couldn't, so there's a part of him that admires him." He smiled to himself. "That's the brilliant thing about Hamlet, I think. There are so many potential motivations, so many different ways you could interpret his actions, or inactions."
Sherlock, conversely, nodded. "Of course," he said amiably. Lestrade narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "My brother engaged John and I this morning to find Lady Carfax on behalf of the Queen. When it became apparent that previous commitments would not allow us to investigate certain aspects of the case, I suggested that he contact you. Lady Carfax checked out of the hotel in Sussex where she was vacationing several days early, dismissed the maid that she had left behind in London, and has not been seen since. John and I cannot take time away from the theatre to travel to Sussex."
Directly outside the elevator was a burly blonde boy surrounded by adoring girls in too-short skirts. Sherlock huffed a sigh as he realised they were blocking his way. "If you can still move in that outfit, I suggest you do it now," he drawled lazily. They turned around to see who was talking. The girls parted, looking horridly affronted and adjusting their skirts self-consciously, but the boy stepped in front of him.
"That's
"Tell us about the bruises," Sherlock distracted softly, tipping his chair idly back on its hind legs, feeling John immediately fix his hands on the back so that it didn't tip. He smirked over his shoulder at the doctor before turning back to Charlotte, who was staring fixedly at her hands.
Crocker seemed to hesitate, but what he said after a moment's pause was, "I can't. I'm sorry." The detective let out an impatient breath, which made the sailor sit up with a slightly anguished look. "Mary
John and the Constable were on a roll now, like a goods cart down a hill. He grinned. "They happened while she was killing Lord Brackenstall," he theorised. "Maybe they only knocked him out because he grabbed her."
This is ridiculous. I'm thirty-four years old and crying on my landlady's shoulder – or breast, more accurately and perhaps slightly embarrassingly - because my flatmate and best friend tried to kiss me and I shouted at him.
"Will said you play women because it's more challenging?" he queried after another few minutes' comfortable silence.
John deemed it safe to turn back to the copier – Bill's insistence that he not turn his back on Sally seeming suddenly less ridiculous – and continue photocopying his notes. "Fine. I went to a boot camp run by the army, got a few bruises and stuff but met some good people…"
Sherlock shook his head. "I think letting you in is an automatic reaction now," he said, smiling softly. John grinned. "I just gradually became aware that you were in my mind. I figured you would find me in the end."
With an uncanny knack for timing, Angelo poked his head around the corner of the alcove once more. "I'll give you these to start with," he said, slamming two mugs of ale onto the table between them.
Eventually he remembered that he had to breathe, and took his mouth away. He swallowed; he could still taste the other boy on his tongue, the sharpness of the mayonnaise in his sandwich and some sort of cinnamon-tasting sweet he'd been sucking on in Biology. Julien's lips were red and swollen, and Sherlock found himself wanting to kiss them again.
Sherlock chuckles in response. "I won't even mention
As in, Elizabeth I of England, last of the Tudor line. How had John got himself mixed up in these people - how did Mycroft know his name?
He couldn't help but smile at the thought of all the days until then, and lifted the hand still clasped between both of his own to follow the scar with his lips, then his tongue. John yanked his fingers out of Sherlock's grip and kissed him hard until the cabbie banged on the partition.
Mike Stamford actually laughed from beside them. John raised an eyebrow at him. "Everyone knew," he confirmed, earning murmurs of assent from the rest of the company and a deep, rumbling chuckle from Sherlock. "We don't care. You two are brilliant on stage, even Will doesn't care what you do off stage."
She smiles sadly. "I'll let you think about it, dear, but really… what's the harm in just giving it a try?"
coming in a mutter from the doctor's lips as they walked back towards the square.
Sherlock seems to have an uncanny knack for turning the television on just in time to hear the opening themes of
"In about half an hour. I wanted to give you time to eat something and have a bit of a sit-down, but you were half an hour later than I expected you."
. I'll go and make sure Tobias can keep his wig on straight. The audience should settle in shortly - shut us in, would you, John?"
sure, but that's not the same thing – Jim wouldn't
She guided his fingers into the correct positions, then placed one of her own hands over his and the other to his temple, connecting them both to her. "Okay," she said quietly. "Close your eyes and reach out with your mind. Imagine your mind leaking out of your fingers and into his head. I'm here, I'll help you."
"Carl," he replied easily. "You know, I think he's right. It'd probably be best for you to let him go." He let his fingers curl absently into a fist. Once upon a time, Carl Powers had thought John himself would be an easy target; after he'd had his nose broken, he had apparently settled for smaller, younger students. John had never seen the skinny Irish kid before, which probably made him even more of a target. Anyone who'd been at Islington High for any length of time knew that Carl Powers was to be avoided like he carried some kind of disease.
"Yes," the detective cut him off, eyes dancing. "So much for our Virgin Queen."
nothing as important happens in those scenes as between Olivia and Viola."
The playwright grinned. "You do look rather fetching in the dress," he commented. John had to agree, but managed to do so privately, sharing a smile out of the corner of his eye with Ben as the boy pulled a shirt over his painted chest. Sherlock almost smiled.
The door wasn't particularly sturdy, and Sherlock couldn't blame the pool owners for not reinforcing the lock further when he saw the inside of the pool. Why anyone in their right mind would want to break in there was beyond him.
John forced a smile. "Of course," he said unconcernedly. "I have enjoyed working with Molly, that's all - I'll be disappointed if we only have a little stage time together this time around."
The flirting that had passed between them was forgotten by the time they made it back into a taxi. Sherlock quite often wondered if he was imagining it.
Wait,
John nodded thoughtfully. He hadn't even dared to consider what the play might be if the two of them worked together again.
Thy murderous falchion smoking in his blood;
"Please," John allowed him. He shook out his cue-scripts as the detective climbed to his feet and kicked a pair of shoes and a light travelling-case out of their way, clearing a space in the middle of the floor for them. He waited until Sherlock had stopped fidgeting and leaned against the desk with an eyebrow cocked expectantly before he found a place to start.
The smile is wiped right off his face and out of the room as Mycroft himself saunters easily up the stairs.
John sighed and gently began to roll his hips again, but the angle was different this time; his shift in position had meant that he was leaning over Sherlock, and his groin was rubbing almost directly against Sherlock's. A particularly sharp thrust made him gasp helplessly; could he pass off coming when John did as the simple physicality of the act, even when John apparently thought of him as cold and uninterested? He tried to shift his hips to reduce the pressure a little, sure he could not keep the sound of John's name out of the shout he would make when he came.
John sat up; the detective's arms fell away from his chest as though the other man had only been looking for an excuse to withdraw them. "Sherlock," he said, as calmly as he could. His friend blinked at him for the barest of moments, and then forced a smile. John allowed his relief to show on his face. "Good morning," he said, lowering himself back onto one elbow and grinning at the detective. "Sleep ok?"
The Judoon had reached the bottom vault and were crowded around the back wall. The Doctor peered over Sherlock's shoulder for a moment – so used to being impressively tall, Sherlock was surprised to note that they were almost of a height – and then he snorted in amusement.
John grins. "An issue of
John laughed. "Both, actually," he replied. "I saw him chasing the thief and so I helped, a bit, and then when he introduced himself I found out that he was actually the person I'm playing opposite in my company's next comedy. Incredible coincidence, really."
John gaped. "
As soon as John stepped away from him Sherlock sank gracefully to his knees, keeping his eyes fixed on his friend's as they hit the floor. "
John nodded. "Well, your wandwork is beautiful," he complimented. Sherlock had a natural grace that John envied, and the swift movements of his wrist looked effortless and elegant in a way that John's never did. Faced with the praise, the former Slytherin flushed harder. "What's your… what do you think about when you cast?"
" he asked carefully.
Sherlock replied, clasping the hand John had reached out to him fondly. His friend sighed at the contact, as though without it he had been in pain which was instantly relieved by John's touch.
Lestrade straightens up. "John Turner." Sherlock smiles brightly, standing up himself. "Why would
Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade rolled his eyes at the sound of his wife's shout, grabbed his coat, keys and wallet from the chair in the hallway and banged the front door of the flat closed against the continued shrieks of
, he could feel them flexing and relaxing with each compulsive shiver.
up that succinctly."
Hand in hand, with fairy grace,
Lestrade grinned at him. "You need
He couldn't help but bristle at the line, at the way the boy was looking from Sherlock to John and back again. Who was the court jester to judge his Duke for something he had caught barely a glimpse of? It took a moment before he was able to remember his next line, and when he did it came out colder than he had ever imagined Orsino capable of.
"Gentler this time," he murmured softly as he felt cool shampoo drizzle over his hair. John hummed acknowledgment and focused his second shampoo on Sherlock's hair rather than his scalp, shifting and stroking the wet locks without actually touching his scalp more than necessary. Sherlock moaned, his fingers clenching on John's thigh as his groin throbbed.
," he commented drily, removing the gloves with a
had become a sort of code between them, John's way of calmly letting Sherlock know he was using him, inconveniencing him when he didn't really need him there. Until John had started pointing it out, Sherlock hadn't realised how often he kept John around simply to watch his fond, amazed smile. "No," Sherlock replied hastily. "I want to re-enact it. To get an idea of what he would have been like, what
He could remember the first time someone other than his nanny cut his hair, the first time he'd gone to a proper salon and had his hair washed by a professional. He'd almost jumped right out of the chair the first time the hairdresser touched his head. He was thirteen, and he'd already discovered the link between pulling his hair and sexual arousal, and he'd been completely shocked that a hairdresser could have such a cavalier attitude towards something so intimate. It wasn't until he talked to Mycroft about it afterwards that he'd realised not everyone had the same reaction, and he'd always been clear to his hairdressers since then that he had sensitive follicles and wished to have his head touched as little as possible.
"Oh, John," the playwright sighed. "You are definitely in the right profession."
on the wildly inappropriate pick-up lines for fear one of the supervisors wanders past and I get a detention to add to my list of reasons why today is
John screamed.
the things Sherlock's talking about, and none of them were anything like as noble as Sherlock seems to be trying to convey.
with you. What Mary and I are, two people trying to convince themselves they could be happy together, that's commonplace. You and I are
flatmate into his bed and keep him there for an indefinite period of time.
He was touched, though, by the idea that meeting him appealed to the childish sense of adventure within John, the implication in his outburst that his life with Sherlock was a sort of dream he had never imagined would come true. And the title of 'best friend' kindled something warm and homely in his stomach; Sherlock had never been anyone's best friend before. John's fingers brushed his as the doctor stepped back from the body and Sherlock clamped them briefly between his own, squeezing in a subtle gesture of affection.
John opens his eyes, breathing hard, suddenly feeling ill. This isn't how that was supposed to go. "Did I do something wrong?" he asks carefully. Sherlock's eyes are wide with something akin to terror, but his pupils are blown and he raises a pale hand to touch his lips as he stumbles a few more steps back.
John didn't recognise the room within, ostentatiously furnished, dominated by the magnificent canopied four-poster against one wall. He only looked at the décor for a moment, though, before his attention was caught by the room's two occupants.
The doorbell rings.
him not to try and contact him after he had done it.
And even if he
" he repeated, then realised he had said it and clamped his lips together guiltily. Once again, both brothers turned to look at him in mild surprise. Now that he thought about it, it ought to have been obvious - Sherlock's grudging acceptance of his older brother's dominance over him and the clear, seemingly petty rivalry between the two that appeared to be almost entirely instigated by Sherlock. "Sorry," he said awkwardly. "I just… should have picked it myself."
"Remember that this is all inside my head," the Vulcan told him, his deep voice as rich as homemade treacle, seeming to surround John's head until he was submerged in it. "That you exist outside of my head as well."
"We tried something new and decided it wasn't for us," John replies, still with a blithely innocent tone of voice that everyone in the room recognises as entirely false. "That isn't Sherlock's fault. It's a little disappointing that it didn't work out, but I'm still glad that we tried."
The man opened a mirrored door in the room's dressing table to reveal an ornate jewellery box and several pendants hanging from hooks on the door. John drew in an impressed breath through his teeth. The ones that had been left behind were probably more valuable than everything John owned. Sherlock bent to examine the box, his dark curls tumbling across his forehead and obscuring his frown of concentration.
"Of course," John replied eagerly, ignoring Will. Sherlock gave him the tiniest of grateful smiles. "Now?"
Sherlock sighed in irritation. "Try
"Before you say anything, Sherlock, I'm sorry that I interrupted you and Molly, but I have something I need to say," John said quickly as the detective turned the corner to greet him.
The lesson passed fairly quickly, but John was exceedingly aware of the fact that Sally didn't appear to be listening to anything Ms Roper was saying. Bradley appeared to be trying very hard to rein in the giggles as he looked from John, studiously bent over his book but unable to stop his cheeks displaying the merest signs of a flush, to Sally, who was casting looks in their direction that were anything but subtle. When Ms Roper finally lobbed her protesting whiteboard marker into the bin on the other side of the classroom – landing it neatly inside amid appreciative whoops from the boys at the back – and signalled the end of class, John hastened rather fast into the office in an attempt to postpone the confrontation.
Sherlock smiled softly, a touch of wistful sadness leaking into the expression.
that suggested it wasn't his first choice of descriptor. John frowned, but said hello to the now-scowling butler. Sherlock ignored all three of them, striding immediately to the fireplace and running his long-fingered hands up the corners where it protruded from the wall. The butler looked indignantly at John as though he had the power to rein him in. John shrugged helplessly, hearing Donovan tut behind him.
, fully-formed and absolutely beautiful, didn't pop into his head until right in the middle of dinner, a spoonful of Yorkshire pudding halfway to his mouth.
After a moment, Sherlock looks up. "Well, that was unexpected," he states calmly.
John shortened the distance between them by another step, looking sternly up at his friend.
The assassin straightened his clothing firmly, a broad smile growing on his thin face. "If you've quite finished, Master Holmes," he said calmly, "I'd like you to leave now."
What if the murderer
Sally Donovan stood in front of the corpse as though attempting to shield it from their view, her arms crossed and her usual disapproving frown fixed onto her face. Lestrade cleared his throat at her when they came into the room, giving her a pointed look. Sherlock smirked as she scoffed in annoyance and flounced away.
, Sherlock saw – underneath the headline.
John stared at him for a moment. "You're not going to drug me again, are you?" he asked suspiciously.
The blond boy laughed a little – probably at his manner, Sherlock decided, being distinctly lower-class; he knew people on the street thought the Cuxton way of doing things was unnecessarily pompous and arrogant – and clapped a hand good-naturedly into his.
." He slows down, steeling himself for what he suddenly knows he's about to do. Sherlock stops too. John turns to look at him, and the detective smiles lazily back. "Here in Brighton, with you."
A few titters came from the distant edges of the class from those that weren't far too acclimatised with the man's particular brand of punning. John smiled wryly. "Oh, sir," someone drawled. "Would you like a glass of water? Because that joke was
that can't handle it, can't stop thinking about it, wanting John's hands on me again.
" John continued, stepping so close to Sherlock that his breath blew across his upturned face.
Sherlock, Kirsty and Hannah stared at him. "But what –"
"Subtle variances in her accent and skin tone suggest she came to London by boat ," he explained, smiling smugly. John suppressed his own amused smile at the detective's preening. "Not unusual, but my guess would be that if she was going to find a lover, she would have found it on the boat she arrived on and then not acted on it because she was already engaged. I'll check the records and find the ship, then ask a few questions. I'm sure once I mention that she's in danger, if there is a lover, he'll step forwards."
she loves me every now and then, and that definitely doesn't have anything to do with romance. By Mrs Hudson's definition, I think what I feel for John
After this I manage to avoid conversation for a bit; eventually, though, Bill's attention lands back on me. "So, Sherlock," he repeats; I quirk an eyebrow politely. "What's the case you and John are investigating here?"
The Doctor suddenly grinned brightly. "Coffee!" he said, clapping his hands together, quite abruptly the over-exuberant man he had been before the explosion. "I can't remember the last time I had coffee. I think I liked it. Probably about time to try it again."
John said in a similar rush, as though he had said the words in his head a thousand times but never thought he might say them aloud.
anyone would think either of them could possibly do
The consulting detective turns his head to stare at John in an absent manner. "No," he says finally. "I've seen what it does, why would anyone willingly subject themselves to that?" John takes the moment to marvel in the things Sherlock doesn't know. "I imagine it hurts."
Billy nodded. "None of the other shops on the street they were watching make any kind of boxes."
because there are things that
back to me. Give him back and I will almost forgive everybody else you've
is also from
John could hold up a millimetre between two fingers to illustrate just how close he is to screaming in frustration. "Or we could
John's arousal from down here; his mouth started to water in anticipation and he had to steel himself
. Generally when this happens, Sherlock looks at John and John looks at Sherlock and they both burst out laughing; every now and then, though, the same story is repeated often enough that they both wonder who's been gossiping and why on
He'd realised who Sherlock was mere moments after being introduced to him. Well, of course he had – the name
He didn't scream.
, really.
The science officer snorted derisively. "I don't know how you can see them together and
. You have to give your brain a break every once in a while, or it gets overwhelming, you
"How is it this morning, Captain Sherlock?" Margaret, the maid, placed a plate of toast and a cup of Earl Grey in front of him. He gave her a sickly smile in return. She'd always called him Captain; when he was a child he'd been adamant that, law or not, he was one day going to be a pirate. He couldn't convince her now that he wasn't a child anymore.
Julien looked up at him, his fingers resting heavily on the belt-line of Sherlock's trousers. "Are you certain?" he asked, a teasing smile playing with the corners of his mouth that would have made Sherlock say 'yes' even if he was
Sherlock shrugged. "If you're certain this isn't going to cause a problem -"
you couldn't see anything else."
it's the time for crude genitalia references."
Will actually applauded the two of them once the stage was clear; John, though, made an unsatisfied face at Sherlock once they were backstage. "I like the way we did it before better," he admitted.
, just as strongly as anyone else John had ever met, but he hadn't expected such a concrete declaration from him. He pulled the other man back into a hug, tears prickling in his eyes. "I - I'm sure of you too."
Sherlock finally emerged from the microscope only to say something scathing to the pathologist; John almost felt sorry for the girl. "He's
McAuliffe noticed his distinct lack of enthusiasm and rounded on him threateningly. "Did we disturb your beauty-rest, Mister Watson?" he asked sardonically. "Holidays too short for you?" John went to answer, but Bill beat him to it.
John grinned. "Of course I do," he answered quickly. "That would be fantastic. We could meet at the inn you're staying at? I think there is a rehearsal on at the Globe tomorrow morning, but the inn should be large enough, don't you think?"
his hips against John's chest. "Not that, don't be an idiot.
Lestrade leans forward over the table. "Yeah? You can tell me."
The PA system hummed and crackled as the Doctor turned it on. "
He turned to his laptop and brought up the barman's witness statement and the one from the woman who had seen him leave for reference, unplugging the computer so that he could take it with him when they adjourned to Sherlock's bedroom.
"We will be at the Globe for the rest of the afternoon if anything happens," Sherlock corrected himself.
"Don't be sorry, Alice.
Most of them had been on drugs at the time anyway.
In reply, Sherlock gently presses his hand lower, slides it down his shirt and over his belly, warm and soft and vulnerable, then John catches himself just before he flinches as both their hands traverse the waistband of Sherlock's black pants and come to rest on a portion of distinctly hot, hard flesh.
"Whatever, Murray, I'm not here for you anyway," she cut off finally. Bill looked mildly deflated for a moment. "John, my friend Sally won't be here this week because her family's still in the Bahamas or someplace crazy like that. She was wondering if you could take Biology notes for her."
The detective smiled back. "I'm sure it won't be the last time you work together," he assured him. John hoped that was true; he knew that Ben was on his way up in the theatre world, but he hoped that he himself would continue to find the roles to match. He trusted that Will would politely sideline him into minor roles when his fitness for the leads began to decline.
be? A fellow cocaine addict, perhaps, a friend or a lover.
he had been struggling with all night. He had
John laughed, watching Sherlock squirm against the floorboards. "No," he agreed. "Perhaps the bed would be better?"
He said it like it meant nothing, but there was a catch in his deep voice, a kind of silent vulnerability that said the opposite. John frowned. "I don't think so," he negated firmly. "I mean - maybe I'm drawn to talent, and that's a part of it, but I think if I'd met you on Will's terms things would have worked out differently – if I'd met you as an actor first, not a detective. I appreciate the things about you that remind me of him, but really it's the things that are different about you that make me want to be friends with you."
Sherlock interrupted.
Sherlock wipes tears of mirth away from his eyes. John is quietly thrilled at the reaction – genuine
" he asked. Julien laughed.
"Shall we walk through it at half speed?" Sherlock asked, stepping back and turning away again.
Her smile widened. "I know I'd feel lucky if you did," she said. "But I'll get my luck another way if you don't want to. I understand it's not really the most romantic setting."
He frowned. "In her bedchamber. I suppose if you wish to take a look…"
John grinned briefly before leaning over again and flicking the drawer open. Sherlock almost expected him to comment on the box of condoms and the open bottle of lubricant, but he merely lifted an amused eyebrow at them and lifted the tape from its place beside them. He could have put it somewhere different, using it as he was for work – ostensibly, at least – but he liked having it beside the things that he used for pleasure, whether John drew the same conclusion or not.
Sherlock snapped back into action at the look on the doctor's face. "Of course I do," he almost shouted, flying forwards and pulling John into a tight, slightly clumsy hug, his feet slipping on a cluster of teabags. "I've always known I've wanted you.
"Did you?" John feigned surprise. "Good to know your eyesight's improved. Can I ask how long you talked to him for before you decided he was a freak?"
erection pressed up against his own.
He remembered Sherlock at Hogwarts. He'd been a strange kid, hunched into his Slytherin robes and avoiding the company of almost everyone. He was from a pure-blood family, and there were rumours that his parents were in Azkaban for supporting Voldemort in the war. John knew this couldn't be true – the last Death Eater arrest had come before Sherlock was born and it wasn't like they were rounding up everyone who'd thought he was even a little bit right – but he'd understood why people thought so. Hardly anyone was sorted into Slytherin, and those that were made a point of sticking together so as not to be bullied, and so Sherlock on his own seemed to
know any more than him.
is happening. Whoever has this thing is just
to make some kind of verbal protest, because if what happened last time happens again it will break his battered heart, but really he knows it's already lost.
John lifted an eyebrow. "About them? Like what?"
The scientist rolled his eyes despairingly at Lestrade. The DI, however, wasn't looking at him, but staring thoughtfully at the body. "
Sherlock got to his feet hesitantly, as though fearing the younger boy would jump on him while he was unstable. When he was there safely, he grinned broadly.
He'd always enjoyed the back-and-forth of this scene, and suspected that the character of Anne enjoyed it too; Sherlock's eyes danced as he continued to circle.
The taller man was smiling expectantly down at him. "John, you assisted me with this particular line of work once before. You wouldn't be interested in doing it again, would you?"
?', but he refrains. He decided on the walk – well,
. I will speak to you and Master Shakespeare afterwards, so if you would delay your usual defection to the pub for a few minutes."
kiss, and Sherlock shied away from it almost without realising it. John allowed him to pull away, stroking at his cheek in comfort. "It's been a long time since someone took care of you, hasn't it?"
James Potter had patted him reassuringly on the back, but he had barely noticed anything until a small blond boy he had seen on the train plonked onto the bench beside him, put a hand on his shoulder, and asked him if he was all right. John had comforted him then, cheered him up right through his worry until his mother had written to him rather stiffly to say that they did not mind what house he had been sorted into. By the time the crushing fear of disappointing them had faded, he and John had become friends. By the time they had sat their Ordinary Wizarding Levels together at the end of the previous year, Sherlock had fallen completely head over heels in love with him.
His whole body had shuddered, breaking his concentration for a moment, and then when he'd recovered himself a little, he'd found himself hard and hot and throbbing.
The French boy's thin lips curled upwards into a lazy smile. "I thought it was
John insisted, closing the gap to take the detective's chin in his hand and tilt it upwards for the audience's appraisal.
. Other people do it too, sometimes," he testifies. Sherlock looks as though he is about to contest the point, then desists. "Tea, then?"
since I've done this properly. With someone I care about. I would hazard a guess that stamina is not going to be high on my body's list of priorities. At least, not the first time."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "It's one o'clock in the afternoon, it's not open. It's not as if I'm dragging you into a den full of whips and chains and asking you to pretend to be in a relationship with me. But the proprietor ought to be there at this time of day, so we can just make sure he
was, and he couldn't shake the feeling that it was one of the most incredible coincidences that fate could ever throw his way. "Not a word," the lecturer said smugly.
"She was against it, of course, but I insisted that we take her away from that life. We planned it together - we would stage a burglary, and when she went missing people would assume she'd been kidnapped or killed. When they couldn't find her, they would give up."
"I went backstage to talk to the boy afterwards because I didn't recognise him. Turns out he's not actually one of the Admiral's Men. He plays with all kinds of companies, so long as he likes the play and respects the other actors. Sort of… freelances."
"Are we?" John asks, but he follows the detective as he sweeps out of the room. "Catch you later, Greg."
"Last Sunday." John shut out McAuliffe's course plan with ease. Bill grimaced.
John advanced slowly on Sherlock, who pretended not to care, as he gave Richard's rather long speech to guilt-trip Anne, almost falling to one knee again before deciding against it in case the ground prevented him from getting up again.
John smiled, dragging his trousers out from where they had somehow ended up under the bed. "I know," he assured him. "Go, I can show myself out. I'll see you this afternoon?"
Angelo beamed again. "But nothing of his own generosity, I'm sure. Without Sherlock I would have been arrested for murder," he growled. He had a deep, gruff voice that John liked immediately.
The detective laughed coldly. "You actually believe that, don't you," he sneered. "There's a part of you that actually thinks you're good for him. Go on then,
An elder than herself: so wears she to him,
"No? Give it a bit longer," Sherlock said dryly. "Anyway, the
John cleared his throat. "No, it's… fine," he replied. "It's just stuck your hair on end a little, it's nothing."
," he began.
Will smiled smugly. "A few of them," he said with an indulgent air. "Most of which I'd already thought of."
The shirt sported a fairly predictable sporting logo –
The former Slytherin's breath was hot under John's collar as he huffed an incredulous chuckle. "Thank you," Sherlock said softly. "I value your opinion a lot more than theirs."
Sherlock's hands clamped down onto John's back, tugging him closer, one hand travelling up to brush into the hair at the nape of the doctor's neck. John had implied he would use tongue this time, hadn't he? Or had
Feed on her damask cheek: she pined in thought,
Sherlock, too, rounded on their impromptu audience in accusation.
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully. "It could be nothing more than they spotted him on the street and convinced him to go in there and hand in the jewellery," he mused. "Or it could be more complicated than that. We have no way of telling."
The detective narrowed his eyes critically, not stepping away from John's advance. "
Ah. Milverton, John remembers, is the criminal Sherlock's been chasing after; a blackmailer of the worst kind who pays money for incriminating or personal documents relating to celebrities and threatens to sell them to the media if the corresponding figure doesn't cough up their entire inheritance. In the past few days, Sherlock has been hunting down the criminal – and the love-letters he's managed to filch from Kate Middleton – with such a fervour John has begun to wonder what part of
He and Lestrade hang back when they arrive at the scene; Sherlock bends double, pulls out his pocket magnifier and runs off like a bloodhound on a scent. John watches him fondly.
"Oh, I don't know," the DI said darkly with a meaningful look at Donovan. "Most of the new recruits would probably still turn up. It's incredible how many people join the police after an adolescence spent watching
The actor held up the roll of script pre-emptively. "I got yours as well. I told him I would go and find you."
So he hooked his legs over John's to keep himself upright and brought the hand that had been holding the rim of the bathtub between his legs, closing it around himself and just holding it there as John's hands returned to work on his scalp. They had reached a certain balance between the firm, almost rough massage of the first time and the light, wary manipulations of the second: John was careful not to be too rough and overload Sherlock with sensation, but his movements were more purposeful, more of a massage. With the added pressure of his hand sliding slowly on his cock, Sherlock's breath came in harsh pants and his abdominal muscles twitched as orgasm marched inexorably closer.
I try to defer. "Oh, I don't –"
Careful eyebrows twitch slightly as Mycroft struggles not to react; John, too, tries not to let his smug feeling show on his face. How
the problem here? Why are you so touchy about Molly and I rehearsing together if you're not worried he'll like me more than you, worried that you'll lose your little
"Thank
Eliza ran a hand through her messy curls, leaning against the doorframe. "We had a couple of membership requests, which I just processed myself. The internet provider finally called back." She frowned. "I know there was something else - oh, yeah, some posh wanker called about us cooperating with a police investigation. I had no idea what he was talking about, but the message should still be on the machine."
the replacement immediately."
Sherlock answered in surprise. He actually sounded angry at John's blind pursuit - or was that jealousy?
, and rolled over on the sofa – not sulking, but John would have called it that anyway – because I knew exactly how painful it would be to extract the pieces of him from myself, and thought it would be better if he just packed up and left a hole behind while I lay here feeling helpless.
John insisted.
De Richelieu returned the chuckle. "But I haven't," he surmised. "And you aren't quite sure what to do with me now, are you?"
Well, of course it's bloody dark. It's one o'clock in the morning, and John lopes in an attempt at a tipsy swagger down Oxford Street, clutching at Sherlock when someone who wasn't 100% sober might need support and pretending that he isn't really enjoying leaning on his flatmate as they both put on elaborate performances of being mildly inebriated. Sherlock ought to
But beg one favour at thy gracious hand,
They had clambered into the tiny bed together, after, awkwardly fitting themselves side by side, Sherlock stiffly keeping his arms to one side as though unsure how to proceed. John propped himself up on one elbow to grin at him, softening it into a fond smile when the detective stiffened further as though afraid John was laughing at him.
Sherlock smiled back, lowering his eyes carefully. "Sounds lovely."
He still wasn't sure he should believe his eyes. What had happened to Kirsty should not have been possible, let alone the cause of it if he were to believe the Doctor. And yet – he was on Mars in 3074 and he had arrived there in a gigantic spaceship designed to be flown by a group of aliens but disguised as a 1960s police phonebox.
. Outwardly, you look beautifully confident. You, my lad, are a fantastic actor." Ben buried his nose in his mug in an attempt to hide his pleased flush.
He banged his fists on the stone, even though he knew that they would make no sound. "
Sherlock stares at him for a moment. John holds his breath, waiting to be snorted at and rejected. Eventually, though, a tiny smile tugs the corners of those pale cupid's-bow lips up and Sherlock shovels a forkful of egg into his mouth. "Okay," he mumbles around the food. Another mouthful follows it. "Thanks."
Sherlock's doubts grew as the interview went on; her alibis for all three murders were shaky at best, but she could repeat them back to front and inside out with a genuine amount of thought and they didn't seem rehearsed. After an hour he gave up his chair to John, who was swaying where he stood and had an early shift tomorrow. After two he suggested that the doctor go home and let Sherlock deal with this, but John stoutly refused and attempted to pretend he hadn't been falling asleep in the chair while Sherlock paced frenetically and Lestrade patiently put question after question to Charlotte. When John fell asleep around midnight they left him that way, lowering their voices slightly and watching him to make sure he didn't slip out of the chair. By four a.m. their questions had derailed from asking about the murders and her relationships with the victims and turned to her home life, questioning her as a victim rather than a suspect.
John rolls his eyes good-naturedly. "That means there's the Sunday market at Regent's," he explains.
getting the distinct impression that Rosalind enjoyed having Orlando so hooked on his words that he would ask for more.
slowly and brutally drilling holes in her brain
since the first role-play. It was embarrassing that his mind could be so derailed with so little to show for it - worse, though, was the part of him that was doing it on purpose, because the longer it took them to solve this case, the longer he had an excuse to be close to John, to be
Sherlock's smile widened, but there was a hint of knowing smugness underneath it that showed that he knew
John groaned as he bent his head to take one testicle into his mouth and suckle it gently; the fingers in his hair tugged deliciously for a minute or so until Sherlock released it, turning to drop long licks over the other testicle before moving on to his cock, licking the taste of semen away from it before slipping it into his mouth and moaning at the resulting yank on his hair.
Of course Sherlock had guessed it.
Sherlock breathes in and draws a thick line across his foot-path. New chapter. "And then someone was murdered in the old building I bought cocaine from and Lestrade turned up to investigate. They were doing it wrong. I told them, and Lestrade arrested me for cocaine possession." He sighs. More lines stretch towards John as though he is the sun, the food, the life-blood. He starts to feel uneasy. "Mycroft bailed me out. He was furious, but only because Mother was distraught. I always thought it was funny –she'd never cared about me before. I went to Lestrade to help me through withdrawal because I didn't have anyone else, and he gave me enough help to set up my business. Started calling me to help him instead of glaring at me when I turned up uninvited.
Sherlock came up behind him and placed a consolatory hand on his shoulder. "Maybe it was just a typo. You were typing so fast, really it was impressive you got that far without one. And like I said before, it's probably better this way."
Sherlock, however, cracked a smile that failed to hide all the triumph and smugness buried beneath his alabaster face. "Reverend Slessinger," he greeted with just a hint of sarcasm.
Sherlock rebutted instantly.
," he wheezes. "He
The Constable put his head in one palm, pressing his thumb and forefinger hard into the corners of his eyes. "Sherlock," he said wearily. "I told you, the case is out of my hands. I can't even stop you from being arrested if he presses charges with another Constable. There's no way I could get you back inside his house."
But when Sherlock turned to look at him, he looked shaken, his lips pressed tightly together. "I didn't want to say anything around Miss Devine," he said quietly, holding out a page of the letters to John, who took it and read the sentence that Sherlock indicated to him.
John smiled at his best friend; Sherlock tilted his head as though considering. "Or dead," he amended.
John tried to smile at him. "We'd finished the scene," he reminded him. "So, your brother is…" he raised his eyebrows in an expression halfway between intimidation and amusement.
Sherlock snorted automatically at the idea. "If you think you can," he said, tipping his head to the alien. The Doctor gave him a boyish grin and turned back to the screen.
"Yoohoo!" Mrs Hudson's voice comes softly from the door. I don't look up at her, but she comes closer anyway. "Everything all right, dear? I heard shouting."
John fights to keep a straight face as Lestrade sighs resignedly. "Well, if you're certain…"
He stands up brusquely, giving the detective's knee a final pat. They
The Doctor sighed, sounding endlessly frustrated. "Hold very still. Let me think."
"Now, why don't you tell me who you really are, Captain Jack Crocker?"
As the boy rushed closer, John saw that it was the same one who had told Sherlock that Lestrade was looking for him to help with Lord Brackenstall's murder in the first place. The boy screamed to a halt in front of them, breathing heavily. "Master Holmes," he panted. "Constable Lestrade is looking for you. He says he's at the Abbey from the last time."
Julien, too, made Doctor Watson sick, it was written on every inch of his simple face. He had draped himself over Sherlock more than usual on his visit with the doctor because the jealous play of emotions on his face had been amusing; he had wondered when Sherlock first mentioned it whether perhaps his physical possessiveness had, in part, caused this sickness.
, clearly for light reading and not for study. You fancy yourself a real Leonard McCoy, don't you, John Watson?" he said scathingly.
John can't help his eyebrows from sky-rocketing at that. He's a Harry Potter nut, born and bred, and the image of Ron and Molly Weasley together is slightly disconcerting. But Milverton is speaking again, and John shakes his head slightly to rid it of the image, which has the additional result of spreading Sherlock's influence across his neck.
Bill grinned. "Yeah, who needs life skills, eh, sir."
made enough of an impact that he did not comment on it. "I need access to the system that controls the water supply to the forest," the Doctor pressed. "We must be able to feed the relevant nutrients to the forest through there and seal it off before any of them escape through the campus."
to him.
"Oh, yeah," John remembered suddenly. "I talked to Carl earlier. You seem to have gotten on his nerves more than people usually manage in their first day. What did you say to him?"
Will had warned John that it was a very female-oriented play and his character was not on stage for the majority of the action and John did not mind that - he often preferred it that way. His current Oberon, for example, was both more fun for him and more memorable for the audience than Lysander or Demetrius or even Bottom. John nodded slowly. Comedies were quite often more focussed on women than men. He'd once remarked that it was an attempt to make up for the almost nonexistence of women in tragedy .
John sighed. "Jesus, Bill. You know, we'd acknowledge your arrival
, Sherlock, I'm so sorry! I thought you were sleeping!"
John returned the innkeep's conspiratorial grin; Sherlock narrowed his eyes at them in mock suspicion before he left with a smile. John immediately spun back on his barstool and faced his new companion. "So you've known Sherlock a long time, then?" he asked brightly, making sure the detective could hear him as he vaulted up the stairs.
Sherlock frowned. "Have you ever heard the name Lady Frances Carfax?"
he hisses, grabbing John's wrist again and gripping it so tightly it feels like an ice-cold pair of handcuffs holding him still. He daren't even breathe.
John slapped him on the back.
. "I'd say 'give him my regards', but I don't
"…So my first instinct was entirely with the police on that one, but then how could he possibly have hidden it? Nobody knew him around there, it's impossible to keep an entire racehorse hidden in suburbia when your neighbours are all rubbernecking you…"
"Can you tell me with absolute certainty that he wouldn't have beaten me if I had?" the detective asked darkly, casting a glance over the playwright, who was laughing with a group who had already bought him his second drink of the evening.
. Sherlock shrugged. "It works better this way, we should keep it like this."
A mask descended on his face and he tried to shrug it off – he worked in this makeshift hospital, he knew what they put in those knockout gas concoctions and it wasn't nitrous – but Bill stood up and the man behind him was strong and he supposed if his friend looked
"Everyone's
you until the bell rings for class." His green eyes registered amusement as Sherlock didn't move. "Or the other way around, I suppose. Whichever you would prefer."
Sherlock accepted the toast, smiling wryly. "To celebrity."
"Well - when you think about it, there are three missing persons cases here, and two of them have coincidentally ended up in Lestrade's lap. He's not the only Constable in the area, what are the chances of both Brackenstall and Tobias being brought to him?"
"Yeah – I'm John. This is Bill." He held out a hand, which the blond took, still grinning, and shook heartily.
going to say anything about it," he said languidly. Bill flapped a hand at him. "I just mean… it's kind of scary," he admitted. "I'd never even fancied a bloke before, and then suddenly I meet this one, admittedly incredible, guy and I forget about my girlfriend and start snogging him in a swimming-pool changing room – a
when Sherlock was embroiled in the depths of something criminal and mysterious.
forensics expert is an incompetent idiot," he'd snapped. "At least Constable Hutchinson knows the difference between a real fingerprint and a plant."
She smiled kindly back at him and shrugged.
." He was such a picture of contrition that John relented a little, smiling and holding out a hand to help the youth to his feet. Ben took it eagerly, hoisting himself to his feet and breaking into a cheeky grin.
Sherlock smirked. "We'd be inside by now if you hadn't attacked me," he accused.
, but then… I suppose I didn't…
The detective opened his mouth to reply, but closed it again sharply; a beggar crouching in the street had grabbed the bottom of his coat and held him back a few paces. "Spare any change, sir?" the boy asked plaintively. John almost expected him to yank his coat out of the offending hand with a sharp word, but to his surprise Sherlock sank into a crouch in front of him, hands searching in one pocket.
John yawns and snuggles a little closer. "Oh, you know.
"No," John laughed. "No, we can't."
sorry. There's still a chance he's still alive, of course, so… don't… completely give up hope." Sherlock snorts. John smacks him on the arm.
"What, you think they're keeping me
Sherlock stared at him. "Neither would I," he said eventually, his voice small. "When I met you I thought the entire world was dull and boring and that in order to get any kind of occupation,
Lestrade rolls his eyes long-sufferingly at John when they burst onto the crime-scene. Sherlock ignores him completely, striding up to a young man who's been handcuffed to the desk-chair. He looks around twenty, dirty-blonde hair falling like dirty straw in front of his eyes. His nose looks like it's been broken at least twice. The detective crouches in front of the boy, his knees cracking uncomfortably, his dark eyebrows bent into a frown.
Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.
you, here. Give me the letter yourself and I can withhold certain bits of information as to how I recovered it. If you don't, I'll have to let the story out."
if Neville was dead, you know?"
"Morning, Master Watson," Angelo boomed, making a pair of young men at a table near the bar jump.
The reply is almost instant. "Will you promise me you'll keep it from my husband?"
Sherlock sighed, but Lestrade gave him a warning look. "You weren't to know," he told his assistant. "I'll go back to his Lordship and request any details."
interested in the shoes."
Sherlock snorted. "That was a stupid answer," he retorted. "Everyone has enemies.
thing is that Sherlock doesn't seem to be complaining. Sure, he doesn't look like he's
"Really?" Sherlock quirks in mock-incredulity, one corner of his perfect mouth twitching upwards. John gives him his best glare, and the smirk intensifies.
The detective hesitated, then collapsed back against the pillows with a chuckle. "Nothing," he said airily. "Carry on."
A twitch of a smile appears on the DI's careworn face. "Of course. The old lady on the left is in Texas for her niece's wedding, and the couple on the right didn't see or hear anything. The man opposite works nights, left the house before it happened and got really shirty at Donovan when she woke him up to interview him."
Her face fell. A little harsh, perhaps, using Charlotte to guilt-trip her, but Sherlock knew it was the most effective way to get
back down with a resonant
"John," he returned.
John shook his head as though to dislodge the image from it. Sherlock chuckled at him and knocked on the door.
The Doctor flipped a control and grinned boyishly. "I'm sure we'll think of something." Before Sherlock could make a comment about being prepared, the alien had already moved on, leaning nonchalantly against the console with one finger resting on the wheel that Sherlock had already gathered controlled the time and place of their landing. "Where to next?" he asked, one eyebrow excitedly, almost
he spat quietly.
to throw himself on the front line and fight for his country, John who was noble and brave –
"Did he say anything when he came back? I don't mean to be annoying, but… did he look pleased? I just… I just want to know whether he thinks Neville is still alive or not."
Sherlock smiled encouragingly, the way one might smile at a child who was showing off a drawing. "Well, John, really well," he said brightly. "I mean, you missed almost everything of importance, but you know…"
Sherlock smiled, a gloved finger sweeping across John's cheek and pressing gently on his bottom lip. "We fit together so perfectly, John," he said, his voice breathless and almost childishly excited. "I feel like one of those utterly
Sherlock let out a breath into Julien's dark hair as his cock freed itself from his trousers. He didn't think he'd
The playwright peered from John to Sherlock and back again; Sherlock shifted quickly and out of the corner of his eye John saw his hand shoot behind his back from where it had been reaching out towards John's leg. He tried to stop himself from blushing, but Will's eyes narrowed. "Well," he said, and even though he was smiling there was something harsh in the corners of his face. "I'll let you two… prepare."
Sherlock grins brightly at him over the whistling of the kettle, and John ends the conversation by retreating into the kitchen and feeling like punching something in frustration.
Testing the waters, he moved his hands to John's back, feeling the warmth of his skin through his thick shirt. John growled, biting his lower lip harshly and slamming his hands back above his head, banging them hard against the bedposts as he did so. "Keep them here," he snarled harshly.
Bill looked at him and nodded slowly, biting his lip and looking as though he was trying very hard not to say,
was what it would be like. Grieg shifted his hand until his fingers were looped in Sherlock's curls, his palm hot and heavy against the back of Sherlock's head, just a gentle pressure easing him forwards. Sherlock let it guide him, taking more of Grieg into his mouth, his fingers stroking calmly at what he could reach below the teacher's cock through the thick fabric of his jeans.
He smirked slightly as the Doctor still didn't move. "It's a complicated system," the Timelord said dubiously.
John looked at the Captain again; she shook her head slightly. "Is there anything else you can try?" she asked T'Penya. "I'm not leaving my FO like this."
A door at the opposite end of the library banged open; the Doctor blanched and took a reflexive step towards the TARDIS, so Sherlock retreated to the blue telephone box as well. When the newcomers rounded the corner he started slightly at the sight of the two slim, petite women. He couldn't help but frown bewilderedly at them; what kind of outfit sent two young women to investigate intruders?
"I'll go tell Mycroft we're leaving." John picks up his phone as he turns to find Sherlock's brother, fighting back the urge to scream in frustration and despair. They can't go on like this.
Then the consulting detective stands up suddenly, breaking all contact except gently brushing his fingers against John's palm. With a smirk, he drops that point of contact too and strides away.
Dimmock sniggers, and John immediately feels guilty. It's one thing for
anything about his life, but perhaps that was only because Sherlock Holmes never
Then he leans forward and gently presses their lips together.
the study, but before John has time to ask why the hell they didn't use that door then, he explains that it is kept locked and bolted at all times. John tries to scowl, but whatever degree of success he reaches with this is unclear in the dark, and before he has time to assess it himself it's wiped clean off his face by Sherlock grabbing his hand
She took it without either, clasping it carefully. "Charlotte Wilson." Her hands were soft, and without feeling them too obviously he couldn't detect any obvious scarring caused by fingernails. Not that that really meant anything.
leave. He seemed to be stuck there watching just as surely as if his feet had become glued to the plush carpet.
The creeping hand reached Sherlock's shoulder and dipped its fingers down to stroke it through his shirt, John's face not betraying the movement in the slightest. "Didn't we agree she might only be picking people for their dominant roles in the bedroom?" Sherlock lifted an eyebrow coyly. "Though you saw him. I think we both know how he
Lestrade blinks. "He's what?"
Sherlock caught the tone of his own thoughts and frowned at them. Not
John shuddered to remember it. "It was worse in there," he told her, looking over at the still-unconscious First Officer. "How is he?" he asked Molly, whose face was pale but smiling.
responses when he announced he had a date and winces. "Talk me through it, then?"
were." The Doctor shrugged, looking thoroughly unapologetic and still watching Sherlock as though expecting him to do something incredible. It was a look he hadn't received in three years, and it made Sherlock want to
, and he was fairly certain that other people's friends didn't offer them casual sex. But he'd never done anything by tradition, and, by the sounds of it, neither had Julien de Richelieu. "Good, then. We should –"
and took one long, languid pull. John whimpered, biting his lip desperately, and copied Sherlock's grip so that their hands formed a tight tunnel, stroking them in tandem.
Ben grinned. "Oh, but I was trembling on the inside," he said with an air of mock-innocence.
John grinned.
John growled low in his throat, a noise that made Sherlock's stomach twinge uncomfortably. "I'll mark you if I want to," he whispered, standing on tiptoe so that his mouth was on Sherlock's ear. Sherlock waited until his face was out of view before allowing himself to smile at the height discrepancy. The smile faltered in favour of a helpless noise as John's teeth sank violently into his neck.
Also, my French is directly from Google translate and I know things are wrong so please do point out any inconsistencies. My intended translation should be at the end of the chapter.
Sherlock sat down, still fiddling with his shirtsleeves and looking, to John's surprise, a little embarrassed. "Sorry about him," he said. "I don't know why he thinks he needs to do that. I mean, I haven't said anything that would make him think we needed all this."
His co-star stared at him for a long moment.
"Sherlock," John placated. "I understand. You have more to rehearse with Ben. And it's understandable that you might want a break from rehearsing with me, as well. You and I barely have any scenes together, and we've been over all of those and more already.
There was silence while Sherlock tried and failed to find something to defend himself with. The kettle reached the boil noisily and clicked itself off.
," John heard himself say quietly, staring at him as though to look away might cost him his eyes.
He bent to the fallen folds of fabric, lifting the rail that had held them to the wall and peering at it. It was immediately obvious what Sherlock had been getting at. "Oh," he said, looking up at Lestrade. "The fringe was
The alien sighed. "Yes, all right, old girl," he said in a long-suffering manner, rolling his eyes but patting the lip of the console in a revealingly tender manner. "It might make it smoother, I suppose. We could try. Here, you go on this side…"
He frowned thoughtfully at John, who frowned back; he'd been looking forwards to working more closely with the boy, but it didn't sound as though he would end up working with him at all. Another ugly flicker of irrational jealousy sparked in John's stomach, though he wasn't sure whether it was Ben or Sherlock he was jealous of. He stamped it down quickly, but evidently Sherlock caught the flash of discomfort as it manifested itself in his face. "Are you all right, John?" Sherlock asked.
. "Thank you," the taller boy said slowly, as though the words had never passed his lips before. John shrugged, grinning. "And you?" Sherlock asked. "Have you always wanted to be a doctor?"
Lestrade leaned forwards, frowning concernedly. "He didn't rape you? Just hit you and left?"
Sherlock pulled himself upright once more, stepping towards John in rebuttal.
The Doctor looked briefly past him at the rhino things and made a few guttural, single-syllable noises. Sherlock watched in surprise as the thing grunted back. "So you're okay with them being alien and illogical and all that, then? Most people try to deny it," the Doctor commented.
Sherlock smirks languidly. "Is that all of it, Doctor, or is a run to the bathroom necessary?" he asks. John glances down at the purple smear on his thumb before supressing a smirk, bringing it up to his own lips, and sucking the sauce away. The detective's green-grey eyes widen slightly, the pupils expanding like the drawing-in of breath. He looks away hurriedly.
doing the high-pitched voice and the walk and trying to breathe in the dress."
Matt looked up at this. "What? What's wrong with his father?"
bedroom. Not
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "We don't think the shadows have spread outside the oxyforest yet." His eyes fell on a series of pipes and controls, what looked like a row of pressure dials and some kind of intercom system. "Is this the water system to the forest?" Marchbanks nodded. "And that intercom, can we reach Fitzherbert's office from there?" Another nod. Sherlock nodded sharply. "Right. Are either of you two familiar with how this works?"
Sherlock grimaced. "Keep an eye out for him," he ordered briskly. "And don't stop watching the jewellery stores, there are still some pieces missing."
To the man in front of him he offered a flirtatious arched eyebrow. "I am fearful that this conversation will have to wait," he said, his voice pitched low. "If you are willing to remain here, we can continue it when I am finished with this urgent matter."
A wryly amused smile wove its way onto Sherlock's lips. He strongly suspected that the Doctor wanted them there as an audience for any clever thing he happened to do while he was up there. He'd noticed back in the bank on Earth the Doctor's flair for drama – not that he didn't sympathize. He remembered saying it to John when they had first met:
after the case is finished that it's actually alarming. He sits up, though, to receive the doctor's gifts without thanks.
This chapter was written from Sherlock's POV. This is notoriously difficult, so I'd always appreciate feedback. Also, I intend no offense with my fictional Swedish folk story.
, I would recommend you read a summary before reading this chapter. I mean, I'd recommend you read the whole play because it's fantastic, but definitely at least a summary. There's a good one
. "Yeah," he agreed, looking away again.
he said knowingly,
Ben blinked, his lips turning up in the tiniest of smiles as though he hadn't considered the idea. "I don't know. He didn't tell me he'd be here. He left me right after you turned up, said there was a Constable waiting for him outside."
to say but he knew he wouldn't be able to resist. "I've never seen you be
Outside the door to the pool –
"Will," he said slowly, turning on the spot. The playwright hummed distractedly from a growing pile of discarded paper where he had been taking notes on the master script. "How will I be costumed, to change so quickly from that scene to this one?"
That I have longed long to re-deliver;
Sherlock was still watching him with an intense expression: John took a deep breath and met his eyes. "Sherlock, I…"
means "great warrior". In Dalek history they call me the Oncoming Storm."
"Oh. Um… I was really just wondering if he's made any progress. I know it's probably too soon but I'm really worried about him. This isn't Neville at all and I just wanted to check…"
For a moment, neither of them reacted; John was holding his breath, waiting for the detective to look angry or upset, but before he could do anything but look slightly wary Molly had followed his gaze and spotted him in the stands. "John!" he called happily. "I didn't see you there."
Couldn't you have just
Sherlock stills, walking the last few steps to join him again. "Your life, John," he says quietly. "It's been worth something."
he asked, raising an elegant eyebrow.
You tell her so - must she not then be answer'd?"
Sherlock blinks a few times as though dazed, then shakes his head. "No. No, of course not." He drains the last of the glass of water and hooks his jacket off the back of the chair. "I'm sorry, John."
him, he didn't want to escape. He trusted John because he knew him, but he could completely understand how Stephens could make people trust him within hours of their meeting, if he kissed them all this carefully. John kissed as though he had been waiting for this moment all of his life.
" He cried in terror.
. Just when I was starting to think the man might actually be
He thought about rebutting the point. Everything he
Sherlock looked at John, frown still firmly in place. If Montgomery had broken it off with her, would he have agreed to sleep with her a week later? He thought back to that first witness statement, the idea that had sparked the whole role-playing exercise. She had approached him, and the barman hadn't thought he looked hostile or suspicious or even surprised; only smug and seductive. That wasn't the behaviour of a man being approached by a woman he had just let go.
They settled underneath the celebratory awning that had been erected between scenes as John finished his monologue, caressing the shoulder that was not draped with lilac fabric and inwardly delighting at how smooth and warm Sherlock's skin was, blocking visions of running his lips over the same tracks.
"And yet, I would have lost him had you not stepped in," came the reply. "Would you help me carry him to the Constable's house? And then surely you'll deserve a reward."
hand, it was
But the point, the
Slowly, Lestrade pulled his badge out of his pocket. He'd never looked at it like this before, but now that he was it was obvious; the corners were curling up and when it was lying almost flat one could just make out the end of the word
? Shit, John, could you do that
urgency; Sherlock pressed John hard against the doorframe, claiming each other's mouths until their tastes combined and it still wasn't enough, he still needed
John had frozen at the phrase
"If it helps, I never expected this life either," Sherlock said softly when they were safely ensconced in the back of a cab.
Sherlock snorted. "If you want to trust someone with that, don't pick a stranger," he rejoined. It was so easy for
he maintained;
Sherlock's entire body flushed hot at the suggestion, but he managed to keep his body still. "Show me," he murmured back before he had time to wonder whether it would be smarter to call the game off at this point. Surely pretending to actually shag each other wouldn't add anything to Sherlock's already considerable discoveries about the case?
It was indeed alien. Sherlock tried not to visibly react to the fact that the thing looked incredibly like a rhinoceros someone had trained to walk on its hind legs and squeezed into a spacesuit and carry on with his deductions. He'd been on a roll. "So," he continued briskly. "Safest bank in the world, I'm assuming that's not a coincidence. Money you could get much easier from somewhere else, and hardly anyone keeps money here anyway. No, there are far more important things in these safe-deposit boxes. What is it, then? The Jewel of the West? The beryl coronet? Some sort of Nazi relic?" the rhino remained impassive. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "No," he breathed slowly, tilting his head critically. "There must be something else. Something you think I don't know about, something you think
John Watson snorted incredulously. Sherlock had the distinct impression he'd missed something important,
He didn't speak to John the entire walk to the jeweller, instead shooting him furtive glances with his eyebrows drawn tightly together, as though deeply unsure how to react. John wasn't sure how to take this: taking his hand at the inn had been a deliberate action, like he'd made some kind of decision. But a decision to what? To engage with John, and accept the physical intimacy of close friendship? Or something more? Was he reading it correctly, or had the gesture really meant nothing?
A sudden vision of a skeleton in a spacesuit walking jerkily around like a cartoon mummy drifted into Sherlock's head. He shook it uneasily. "But how did you negotiate the time?" he pressed.
The boy remained stiff to the embrace and lavish kiss Demetrius bestowed upon him, as though still unwilling to believe that the man was truly in love with him. John had had endless arguments with both actors and audience members as to the nature of Demetrius' love for Helena once they had left the land of magic.
For hours they lay there together, panting and feeling the sweat lift from their skin in the cooling air, the shadows lengthening across their bodies as the sun set and night overtook the room. John reached down and took Sherlock's hand in his, warm and still slightly sticky, and the detective squeezed it and held onto him as they caught their breath.
It's almost a Droste effect of a fantasy: from the moment he lets his hand slide down his belly to wrap lightly around his cock there are infinite incarnations of John interrupting him, of John walking in on his fantasy of John walking in on his fantasy of John, of John and John and John, and it's easy to get lost in it and lose track of how many layers deep he is, which John is 'real' and whether any of them could
"You have to admit it," he says factually a few minutes later. I cringe. I knew he'd do this, and I hate these kinds of conversations. "You never really know what pieces of random, irrelevant information you might need."
The moment they hear the door click shut after him, both John and Sherlock collapse on each other in helpless peals of laughter.
Sherlock heroically refrained from making a sarcastic remark about the improbability of reincarnation. "The one I have with you," he clarified. "Actually having my own environment, my own community - the feeling of coming home to Baker Street and Mrs Hudson and to
John isn't quite sure what he's referring to, but he keeps quiet, not wanting to push his friend. Sherlock drags in a deep, shaky breath and looks up at him again. "When I found this flat I could afford it by myself. What I said to Mike, I was joking. I didn't mean it as a challenge. I've lived alone since the moment I could plausibly and legally move away from Mycroft and I never wanted it any other way. I've always been independent, and my living habits weren't exactly conducive to a healthy cohabitation environment. But then you walked into the lab and I…"
Notes:
"Oh, yes," Sherlock insisted. "He was quite a piece of work." He shook his head briskly as though to clear it while John shook his in a repeated protest of Sherlock's apparent ignorance of ordinary people's hearts. He wondered how the man could act so well without understanding the mechanics of love. "That aside," the detective continued abruptly, "she'll be in the house now if you want to take a look."
proud of you. Of
to believe her, because she's in trouble and needs to be rescued?"
He blinks. "Do what, Sherlock?"
Henzell nodded to show that he had understood the veiled reference to the police. "I'll start a tab," he said, tapping at the screen of the till in front of him. "Sherlock, have you met Charlotte? She hasn't been to the club in a while, but maybe you've run into each other?"
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's chest, his fingers playing idle circles around his nipples and making him shiver slightly in the water. They had sat down with John's back against the end of the bath and Sherlock's back against his chest so that John had easy access to Sherlock's hair, and Sherlock rather thought this would be a nice position to simply be with each other after solving a case. It was, however, rather difficult to relax with one erection nudging against the small of his back and another throbbing eagerly between his legs.
To punctuate that last word, he reached forward and pressed a promising-looking red button on the front of its outlandish outfit, and the black fishbowl-type apparatus slid backwards. The group behind him let out a collective gasp.
She grinned brightly, gathering the copies of her flow-chart. "It's a date."
He hangs up the phone with an overly aggressive stab of his thumb. John waits a moment to see if he's going to calm down, realises he isn't, and speaks anyway. "Sherlock, stop for a moment. Take a deep breath. You need to –"
John supplied, sighing and laying a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, watching the young man lean into it slightly as though starved for touch.
, and if T'Penya didn't risk her life he could die. "Captain?" he deferred, passing the decision onto someone whose best friend wasn't on the line.
forensics expert like that?" the DI had complained to John.
John entreated as he handed the sword back to the barman.
A slight twitch seemed to develop spontaneously below the boy's left eye. "He
"Sherlock?"
There was something he still had to do.
Warning: attempts at mutual masturbation. Not sure which is the 'warning', the masturbation or the word 'attempt.
– the kiss itself wasn't bad. In fact it was rather nice. It was the way I
And Sherlock would remember him.
The range attendant, a rough sort of man missing his two front teeth, is unimpressed. "Yer got one shot left," he growls.
"Are you coming, John?"
"I'm not interested," Sherlock rebutted straight away, looking out of the window in an affectation of carelessness. John frowned at the detective. He'd never seen him act like this before, so childishly defensive and yet strangely out-of-control. Whoever this was, he assessed, he had power over Sherlock. And yet the two were obviously familiar with each other, using first names with ease. John recognised the air of ancient rivalry - but why?
cock in his hand, John's calloused hands on his cock. He gasped and wriggled, wincing at the slightly unpleasant sensation of cold semen sliding across his abdomen, not quite willing to dispense of the evidence that something of John had been in his bed –
He can't help but smile at these compliments; the thought that he is so completely Sherlock's first that his flatmate hasn't even
When, ten minutes later, an exultant roar sounded from the exam room – one that John had heard in his living room the night before, one that could only possibly have come from a dragon – he grinned triumphantly to himself and listened in silence to the awed speculation from his classmates.
for the Lord Chamberlain's Men, because
he muttered softly.
Sherlock shrugged irritatedly. "I had two. One of them isn't answering my phonecalls and the other hasn't seen anyone like her but is keeping an eye out. John and I will pay a visit to the first one on our way home, just in case there's a reason he's not answering."
Oh. He looks around for the door Sherlock had told him would be there; it's to his left, on the opposite side of the desk. He creeps forward to inspect the lock and bolt in case they have to make a quick exit, and draws in a sharp – and far too loud – intake of breath.
"You all right?" he asks.
Lestrade frowned, but he opened the door wide enough to allow the two of them inside. "That's an extraordinary coincidence," he commented as they took a seat on the threadbare furniture in the Constable's living room. "After you left I checked the registry. The burial is at 8am, and they have all the appropriate documentation for the mother-in-law. Two separate surgeons pronounced her death from natural causes. Incredibly lucky for them that she just happened to die right when they were plotting a murder."
John shrugged. "We are working together - our characters are romantically entangled. We need to spend time together to establish that kind of chemistry."
John compromised, not rising from his knee.
John's knowledge of BDSM techniques made Sherlock pause for a moment, not realising he was staring until the doctor lifted an eyebrow at him. He forced a careless smile. "That would certainly allow for the element of surprise - he had no idea when she would begin to disobey his orders and move her hands. It's definitely worth exploring, thank you, John."
Being rejected by Sherlock this early in the process would ruin Will's new play, and it definitely didn't deserve that.
He sighed. Trust the woman he'd married to cheat on him and somehow twist it into a personal slight
play women, he wouldn't think, not that he had ever been asked to try. He wasn't sure whether to respect or scorn this man. Perhaps he played women to hide his own effeminacy. Perhaps John shouldn't judge too heavily until he had
Sherlock smiled, genuinely this time, just a slight lifting of the corners of his mouth and a brightening of his eyes. "Of course," he replied. "I'd like that."
"But the police
John frowned, wondering what
Worry immediately spiked through John's stomach. "What happened? What's wrong with him?"
"Yes," Sherlock pre-empted.
"He's not at his house," Shakespeare panted, looking as though his worst nightmares were coming to light. "His mother hasn't seen him all day; she assumed he was with us."
Sherlock made a face. "God, no." After a few more deep breaths he heaved himself up into a sitting position and accepted a Styrofoam cup of water when Lestrade held it out to him. He took a sip and grimaced. "I was really talking about
He thinks back to this afternoon, with Sherlock's display of insecurity, and wonders if the reason he hates Anderson so much has anything to do with the way the forensic examiner treated
John sighed. "Bill, I just
"Well, you and I can rehearse together, at least," he said, grinning at the thought.
But that was stupid. John gave the idea that was lurking at the fringes of his mind a vicious shove out of the way and focussed his attention back on Carl Powers. His body was still, and the young blond teacher had leant over him, ear pressed to his bare chest. John looked at Bill and swallowed. Bill's bottle-green eyes were wide with worry.
John was very aware of his own tendency to fall for his romantic co-stars; it made him incredibly uncomfortable how quickly he became genuinely attracted to the boys who played the women his own characters would lust after. He'd been half in love with Ben before Sherlock had turned his world upside-down. Was it different with Sherlock, because he was older and sensible enough to say no if he wanted to? Or was that just his longing attempting to justify itself?
Satisfied the Lady was stable until they could get her to the infirmary, John groaned to his feet and smiled grimly at Sherlock. "Well," he said resignedly. "One Lady found, one to go."
John nods. "Because blood would have messed with his colour scheme."
" he said, suddenly standing up straighter and adjusting his shirt. "You're Sherlock Holmes, aren't you? I'm Ben - Benjamin Hooper. It's an
"I don't believe I would," John grinned. The detective's eyes gleamed for a moment, a spark of something jolting down John's spine.
Sherlock's hands clench on the pile of films. "He was always mocking me about it, making it sound so stupid," he grinds out between clenched teeth. "I'm glad the two of you could have a laugh about it."
Bill nodded slowly. "How could I forget? So, not Jim then. It was around the time Carl Powers died, wasn't it? Did you meet someone at the funeral?"
people. Sometimes it worried him and he wanted to beat the habit out of him. Other times he worried that if he did, perhaps John would no longer trust
worth it. It needs at least a pause before the next line."
For the first few steps it was quiet, the sound of John's Starfleet-regulation shoes ringing loud across the stone, but as he ventured deeper into the hall sounds began to creep out of the walls: voices, a child crying, the ticking of a grandfather clock, a dog barking, the
I'm just surprised that you're real."
John dismissed immediately; then, as though unable to resist, he stepped closer to the younger man once more.
the detective dismissed airily.
The balding policeman held up a hand crossly. "The police has it under control, kid," he growled. "Clear off or I'll have you for interfering with a police investigation."
I don't know how to tell her. She's always sort of slipped hints into the conversation that we should get together; it sounds childish, but I suddenly feel like the entire world is against me. "He just… it just… we… I didn't…"
becoming someone who had one of those; 'love' seemed like such an unclear term for the complete and utter abandonment of sense and reason.
Whatever had been in that knockout gas they'd given him, if that was what they gave everyone else, he'd have to say something to the General. He couldn't even
him, just get close to him and then hurt him the way he hurt her - I didn't really have a plan, but if I had it wouldn't have been anything like what happened. Then when she heard about it and she came home with those bruises, I tracked down Trent because he was the last person I knew had hit her that badly. But then… killing Trent made her
ID. If I had to guess, I'd say it shows whatever you want it to. How does it work?"
Sherlock folds his arms over his chest; if John's going to play mother, then the detective is sure as hell going to play child. "Won't," he says pettishly. John just laughs and rests his arse on the coffee table while he munches on his own toast.
by someone could be so good before. Now that he knows that, he's not going to stay with someone like me for very long, is he? Not with his eyes and his cheekbones and… what if I let myself get attached to him and he found someone else?"
"He just sounds so sweet and vulnerable," he was saying. "Imagine what
"Shit!"
John smiled against Sherlock's pectorals. "He won't be back tonight," he reassured him. "He's staying with his girlfriend."
John raises an eyebrow. "You weren't so bad yourself,
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, still slightly suspicious. "Why?"
Sherlock drew a breath in through his teeth, still not looking at him.
. We…"
"I just…" John sighed. "All right. Fine. I'm going to be late for Bio."
"Let me guess," Sherlock interrupts. "It's been stolen."
he repeated. "We have to… we can't… I don't want to go halfway across London back to school having just come in my pants."
Sherlock didn't answer for a moment, too busy staring around the interior of the 1960s police-box –
beautiful," he breathed against Sherlock's lips. "That was incredible.
The consulting detective smirks and rattles off a quick scale. "It wasn't difficult to learn. I had wanted to surprise you on your birthday or something, but the moment seemed quite opportune."
Bill grinned around at everybody as he threw himself dramatically at his seat, very nearly missing. He took one bite of the curry before making a face and pushing it away. "That's disgusting. How was Chemistry?"
They sat on opposite sides of the table, Julien de Richelieu picking delicately at some kind of sandwich, Sherlock gazing intently at him with his fingers tented critically in front of his lips.
Holmes raised an eyebrow. "God forbid," he remarked coolly. "Tobias Anderson. I wondered why I'd never heard of him."
Molly cleared his throat quietly. "Here," he said, holding out a mug of water to the children. John gave the boy a quick smile, which his friend returned, looking torn between concern and excitement at being involved.
A week ago, John would have been rather angry at this cavalier approach. Now, though, he's having trouble keeping his bum on his seat at the thought that Sherlock
Spock smiled indulgently. "Yes, Captain Kirk." His hand finally stopped its soothing motions on the boy's back as the older Vulcan frowned. "Control of your emotions is a valuable skill, Sherlock, particularly whilst you live among Vulcans. But there are times when you ought to allow your emotions to lead you, and friendships are one of them. My friendship with Jim remains the brightest part of my life, and if I had not allowed myself to have it, I would not be where I am today."
John gapes at his flatmate, swallowing thickly. Sherlock leans against the doorframe, arms folded over his chest, one eyebrow quirked in a sultry sort of manner that makes John's shirt stretch over his chest. "Um… I… God, Sherlock. Are you sure? If you're worried about being in control shouldn't we take it slowly? We don't have to. What we were doing before, I could do that forever; we don't have to go any further than that if you don't want to."
The older actor recoiled slightly.
John stared at him as he stalked off down the tiers. Bill looked at him, nonplussed, but shook his head. "Let him go," he said. "Not everyone's like you. Powers punched him in the face a week ago, he doesn't have to care."
"Almost everything," John admitted, sitting down on the stone floor beside him. "I'm really sorry, Sherlock, but I had to. Your body is struggling, you can't stay here like this. I had to find you."
Tell her, my love, more noble than the world,
John nodded. "I'll give you his mother's address, too," he said. "Though it sounded like she knew even less than we did."
John flapped his arm impatiently.
The detective spits out the word 'heart' with such obvious disdain that John cringes. "I know you think I'm childish, John, but you don't have to treat me like a child all the time. This… you're acting like it's a game, like
"I'm sorry," he says instead. "For before."
The Doctor leaned back in his chair, his hand slipping away from Sherlock's. "Of course," he said airily, looking much more like the careless man from the bank vault as a thought seemed to strike him unexpectedly, "their daughter – my wife – long story, amazing woman –" he flapped a hand unconcernedly – "she'd already told them I was still alive, so the worst I got was a squirt in the face with a water-pistol, but still."
"Sherlock Holmes," he answered briskly, trying to sound as though he hadn't just come in his pants after a bit of casual frottage with his flatmate and then been interrupted before he could declare undying love.
The detective looked up at him, an expression of great theatrical revelation on his face. "
he said in wonder, slowly approaching Sherlock until they stood facing each other. They were of a height, and John could imagine that dressed in the same costume it would be like looking in a mirror from the audience.
"All right." John stood, grinning at the immediate suggestion that John be with Sherlock to take his mind off the case and squashing the part of his mind that had several ideas of exactly
were the one who insisted on pretending to be the woman," he reminded him. "I'd say you have more in common with the grown-up child who thinks the world revolves around him, too, but there you go."
Unsure how to respond, John said nothing. Sherlock's firm belief in his brother's callous and calculating ambition scared him a little. He wondered what Mycroft had done to him when they were growing up.
There was a pause as they looked at each other, and then John smiled again and said, "Goodnight," as though he was reluctant to leave. Sherlock returned the line softly, and then the good doctor turned on his heel and made his way up the stairs.
Then the taller boy looked up, all blond hair and blue eyes that caught on Sherlock's and narrowed in immediate dislike. Sherlock blinked in shock.
The sight of Peters' thin face gave John pause; he wasn't sure what he'd been expecting, but given the man's line of work the wiry, rat-faced man peering carefully around the door wasn't it. Were it not for the tattered mess of his left ear John might have thought they had the wrong house.
Something odd shot down Sherlock's stomach and settled in his balls. He breathed out shakily before obeying. "Sorry, sir," he repeated quietly. John smiled and let go of his chin, gesturing to continue. Sherlock slid his hands around to grope the doctor's arse opportunistically, bending his head to his groin. He could
"It certainly does," the detective agreed. "Billy!"
that you try to force me to eat and sleep and all that stuff, but I like that you do it because you care about me. I'd rather have you and grumble about the ways you try to make me into a better person than not have you at all."
Sherlock crouches by the door, hidden from the street by the pillar of the porch with climbing roses crawling languidly up its length, and pulls out his lock-picking kit. "You know, John," he says quietly, his voice back to its baritone rumble, the higher-pitched drunken squeals of thirty seconds ago completely forgotten. "People have always told me I would have made a fantastic criminal."
Sherlock smiled tightly. "The inkeep of the place I'm staying in was the prime suspect in a triple murder investigation a few years ago. I happened to be in town and successfully proved he couldn't have been the murderer. He's letting me stay at the inn for free as a favour, but I imagine there will be limits to his gratitude eventually."
He rolled his eyes. "Seventeen," he corrected, but he knew it wouldn't make a difference. "And I'm not saying it
for the change back to business.
so implicitly.
John acknowledged the smug smile that Will sent his way with a tiny shake of his head. "You were looking for me?" he repeated questioningly.
John shivered the thought away: this was so much more than that, and he
him. He snorted aloud before he could stop himself. "I don't think he's serious," he said, when Sherlock looked even more embarrassed. "It's probably just a joke, because we're playing lovers in the theatre."
Bill pouted. "I worked hard on those."
talk to her? Him trying to do Sherlock's job hadn't gone terribly well last time. But the detective dipped his head slightly in affirmation, so John cleared his throat and leaned forwards.
It was just a horrible accident."
The maid blushed pleasantly. "In June," she said. "I never would have met him without my Lady. She's been so kind to me." Sherlock smiled encouragingly. Devine fell back to toying nervously with the edge of the parchment. "She wrote to me once a week for three weeks, and then her next letter was this one, dismissing me and paying for my wedding. It's not like her at all, and she hadn't given any warning in her last letter, so I reported it."
"Yes," Sherlock drawls scathingly. "And was Sunday morning last week, and it'll be Sunday morning next week, and every week until we're dead, and even then it –"
"Well, you have to admit you're kind of in her face. You come at her so strong it almost scares
He stood up hastily and chased the taller boy to the door. "Sherlock," he called quickly, before the boy could leave.
On stage, Ben finished delivering the epilogue; John cut off his retort in favour of peering through the gap in the stage door at the audience. There was a heartbeat of silence, in which the fact that the entire cast was holding their breath was painfully obvious backstage. Then the audience erupted.
Sherlock felt himself grinning. "You care about your
A tiny smile crossed Sherlock's face as he shook his head minutely. "It's where I began."
connecting them, and didn't that make it absolutely
"Bollocks, Sherlock, come on. I'm not stupid. Why are you so upset about this? It was a misunderstanding, I apologised, it won't happen again and I don't understand why you're giving me the cold shoulder now!" The consulting detective frowns slightly, his arms rising as if to cross in front of his chest and then just clutching there. John stares him down in challenge.
Sherlock agreed with a deferent gesture. "
? Or was it some kind of revolutionary technology? Either way, his blood hummed at the intrigue. He hadn't felt like this in years and he couldn't help the sudden rush of affection for this
" He pressed a soft, suckling kiss on Sherlock's inner thigh before standing up, tucking himself neatly back into his trousers. Sherlock shimmied off the desk and yanked his pants back up. "Shall we… no-one would think it was strange if you came back upstairs with me. We could just… spend some time together."
Sherlock's name was called first, which made perfect alphabetical sense. He turned a nervous glance down at John, sitting cross-legged on the floor beside him. John wanted to kiss him, but they hadn't said anything about showing the rest of the trainees what was between them, so he smiled reassuringly back at him instead. "You'll be fine," he said softly. "Just remember what I told you last night."
"Be aware of the path you are choosing, Lady Brackenstall," Sherlock cautioned darkly. John shot him a glance, slightly amused at the almost unconsciously theatrical delivery .
Lestrade sat back from the bed to give the man some space as he reeled slightly from the undoubtedly uncomfortable effects of surviving a cocaine overdose. Then Sherlock Holmes' eyes, a rather appealing shade of grey-green, fixed sharply on his own. "Who are you?" he croaked, wincing from the unexpected pain of a ravaged throat.
John frowned. "Just Lady Brackenstall? You don't think he's keeping Lady Carfax at the same place?"
"Sorry," I whisper into his hair.
But John's already sitting up straighter, tilting his head in a mock-curious manner. "Your condolences for what, Mycroft?" he asks innocently.
He sat with Sherlock Holmes for almost an hour before the man awoke; Scotland Yard called around halfway through that period and, to his own surprise, he told them he had had a family emergency and would need the rest of the day off. He was invested now, he reasoned to himself, and he wanted to know the man's story. After a further twenty minutes or so the hand in his twitched, then pulled away with a snatch as the man's eyes snapped open.
Sherlock grinned. "Right," he said, nodding. His green-grey eyes were soft and kind and beautiful, but John found that as he smiled at him his own eyes kept dropping inexorably to his full, cupid's-bowed lips. "I'll see you on Saturday, John."
What is it with women and this sixth sense they think they have? She kept going on about how he cut his finger a week ago and she'd known something was wrong and run up to the – Sherlock?"
Sherlock cleared his throat in an affectation of nerves. "I… um, Carl, he was a friend of mine, and I just wondered… have his clothes and stuff been released? I heard his mum wanted to burn them, but I wanted to save his shoes? He really liked them."
"He sounds like a very interesting man," John concluded, raising his mug in a toast.
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow at his colloquialism, but nodded sharply. "Donovan certainly believes so, although it seems Lestrade has his doubts. I suppose we'll see." He flicked out his shirtsleeves and began buttoning his cuffs with a flourish. "Kettle's on. Tea or coffee?"
"He won't be comparing me to Tobias," the boy panicked. "He'll be comparing me to
"Charmed." He held onto her hand for a moment after he felt her start to pull away, making sure they let go on his terms and not hers. "This is John Watson," he said carelessly, throwing a hand over his shoulder in John's direction but cutting the doctor off when he tried to reply. "So is there any particular reason you haven't been by the club? It would have been delightful to see someone like you there."
This was a scene they had performed like this many times before, and yet there was an extra sparkle in the young fairy's eyes, an extra hesitance in his voice as he agreed to the plot to bring Helena and Demetrius together, an extra horror in his imaginings of Titania enchanted to fall in love with some woodland creature. John grinned broadly at the audience before making his exit: they sat positively spellbound, like they hadn't been for any other performance of this
John grins at him. He knows Sherlock has been itching to say it all morning, and really he supposes he has it coming. "You can say it."
Sherlock gasped and pretended to look affronted, but when John relaxed his grip he didn't remove his hand, and it was difficult to keep up the expression when John was touching him in such an intimate place. After a moment he gave it up entirely in favour of a wry smile. "Sorry," John said brightly, letting go of Sherlock's bottom to shrug on his own coat and not sounding in the least apologetic. "Couldn't resist. I imagine whatever dress you might have been wearing would display your arse to great effect."
Sherlock assumed that the question was directed at him, rather than the shadow. "Fine. Really, just like I
Mycroft takes a step forward, tapping his umbrella and looming in a threatening sort of way. John leans back to avoid being too close to his face, keeping his blithely oblivious expression in place. "Whoa," he says calmly. "That was very impressive. You could almost hear the villainous music playing in the background."
The Doctor's broad face tilted to one side, then the other, considering it. "Safest bank in the universe? It'll probably take them about twenty minutes to get into that room. Not sure what other protection is on or beyond the perception filter."
He'd been at something of a loss when the back door of the pool had swung closed behind the Irish boy. He couldn't exactly just barge in and reveal that he suspected the boy he had tried so hard to befriend of murder. But having come all of this way, he desperately wanted to see what Jim was doing in there.
Ben patted him lightly on the arm. "Sherlock told me that you had an argument," he said gently. "You seemed like you were getting on so well."
Amazingly, the Doctor looked understanding. "But there's so much the two of you could still do together! Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson, your story isn't nearly over yet. He can't hate you that much. You left him a note and everything, didn't you?"
staircase icon here, because there aren't registered vaults down there and actually, this is 21st-century Frankfurt, they're not
Sherlock sat up, his face suddenly business-like. "We could meet somewhere halfway between us? Finsbury, say, or King's Cross?"
He fell asleep easily, but with a lingering awareness that Sherlock was still wide awake, shifting uncomfortably every now and again, his heartbeat rising and falling against John's ear in the wild cycles of someone incredibly far from restfulness.
a fright he tries to fight the giggle that rises, because the detective's eyes are on the ground and he looks like he might be about to cry. "Sorry," Sherlock says again after a moment. "I didn't mean to shout so loud. But you heard him – we'll probably end up at war if this gets out. I can't think about eating or sleeping or whatever it is you want right now, John, I've got to focus on this case."
would shock them out of the Force entirely," the officer retorted. "Is there anything else, or can I get back to my interviews?"
John looked around to see the Constable and his unusual assistant rounding the corner at a run, looking severely flustered. "Beg pardon,Sorry," he panted, doubling over as he reached them. Donovan forced a smile at John as she pushed her voluminous hair out of her face. "We were… unavoidably detained."
"John… after I 'died' he was clinically depressed for eighteen months," Sherlock tried to explain. "I put him through so much. He hated me, and himself, and it was…" he let his voice trail off before it broke and took another gulp of coffee to cover it up, but the Doctor wasn't fooled. "He's happy now. He's moved on, he's made his peace with me in his mind. If I go back now, it'll bring everything back. He'll hate me all over again, and then he'll hate himself for moving on from me when I was still out there – I can't do that to him. It's better that he just keeps thinking I'm dead."
"You mean they're with his mum already? Damn. We thought he might like to be buried with them, you know –"
He sighs in frustration. "Why not?" he asks, giving the book a little tug to dislodge it from my grip.
he recited when it was time, when Will had stormed off the stage in a cold fury;
Sherlock bowed his head yet further in agreement, more docile than John had ever seen him.
think?" she asked, in the spirit of one determined to be contrary. "You're a consultant, doesn't that mean he should consult you before talking to me?"
The pall-bearers gathered around the edges of the room gasped in shock. An overwhelming scent of opium hit John's nostrils and caused all three of them to recoil; once his eyes had stopped stinging from it, John bent back over the coffin to look at the space underneath.
"Evacuate," the Doctor said immediately. "Seal off the forest and never open it again. All of the deaths have been inside this room, right? There's no reason to assume any of them have spread beyond the forest?"
The manager frowned at them some more. "Well?" he asked the Doctor imperiously.
And then he heard it.
"Did you know that almost every species in the universe is afraid of the dark?" the Timelord said cryptically.
"She came home after finding out about Trent with this little half-smile on her face," Amy said wistfully. "I went after Montgomery because he broke her heart. I wasn't going to
of a bottom hitting the seat beside him. John glared up at the boy, who met his frigid stare with a wide and altogether too mischievous grin for that time of morning. "I don't want to see this defeatist attitude. I want you
he proposed, forcing the detective to turn and face him once more, reluctantly meeting his eyes.
he's trying to make here, is that he knows exactly how it would pan out.
time with me, is he?" he said, closing the matter. "And quite clearly, neither is his assistant." Sherlock smiled again. "Although," John added, mainly to get a reaction from the other man, "if he'd recognised me from the theatre I would have had more luck."
Sherlock frowned once they cleared the stage, the revels complete, once more yanking his lilac toga over his head and accepting the gauzy blue dress when Archie held it out to him. "There's another song and dance now, isn't there?" he asked John, catching Shakespeare's eye. "Is there time for me to
The redhead frowned at him. "It's not like the you I thought
ordinary. Certainly no-one else had ever reacted to him quite the way John had. He smirked idly instead, flapping Julien's hand away from his face. "He certainly seemed fond of me," he said, intending to make his voice sound disparaging but failing so dismally he flushed red in embarrassment. "He wanted to meet me for lunch on Saturday."
The barman shrugged apologetically. "Sorry, no. I'm not quite as good with names and faces as Eliza - I generally only remember the regulars who we see almost every week." Eliza flushed with pleasure at the compliment. Sherlock watched their exchange for a moment; the look of quiet pride Tom gave her and her pleased, docile drop of the head. He smiled softly. "I'll ask around for you - I'm in contact with the man who runs the London area of the more BDSM-based dating site, I can give him the names and your number and get him to run them through his records, see if they had profiles and how they used them in the last month or so."
he could possibly stand right now where he'd be safe. Eventually he decides that right where he is, beside and slightly behind him, is probably his best bet.
Shakespeare grinned boyishly. "You'll be absolutely fine, I know it."
"All right," John said finally, lifting his head from Sherlock's groin. "I'd wait until you were an absolute mess, and
Sherlock allowed one corner of his mouth to turn up as he scanned the books down one aisle, enjoying the strange titles and antique bindings. He spotted a slightly mouldy-looking shelf of
The impeccably-dressed young man smiled thinly. "Good morning to you, too, brother. I trust you remember what day it is?"
John tried to memorise the next line, took a deep breath, and looked up at Sherlock. "
They weren't the only ones in army uniform on the plane; John nodded sharply at four men and a woman towards the back of the deck, one of the men already decorated. The aisle seat beside them was empty, but John let Bill take the window-seat. He was far more confident in his own attention span than his best friend's, and when the time came that he got mind-blowingly bored, it would be better if he weren't sitting next to a stranger.
He stopped, closing his mouth with a sort of finality that told John he was having trouble keeping in more words. John nodded to show he understood. "Yeah," he said quietly. "I didn't think of it like that."
"Are you sure?" John asked playfully. "Jumping someone in a police Inspector's office has always been a fantasy of mine."
"Mmn, sounds lovely."
Lestrade gaped. "And you did that when you were high?" he asked incredulously. "
For a moment the consulting detective looks as though he's about to continue in the vein of 'say what?', but then he grins, a flash of good humour peeking through like a gap of blue among the clouds. "I
" John gasped, throwing the hand that wasn't half up his own shirt across his mouth to stifle the sound as his hips drove down rather more violently than he'd intended and Sherlock let out a muffled moan. The last thing he wanted was for Jim and his blond beau to hear the noise and wander in; John didn't want to imagine what the two of them must look like from a distance, rutting against each other, too desperate to wait for a better time or place. He felt overwhelmed, completely unable to stop, like a sprinter heading for a crash. Sherlock's fingers were still playing with his nipples, rolling and twisting them, so John reached out and scraped his fingernails across the dark-haired boy's in return, eliciting another moan and a more drawn-out thrust.
It was almost disappointing when the detective made it through the performance without having to improvise any lines: John had been quite looking forward to hearing what he came up with, despite the tiny worry that he would take 'criticising the mechanicals' to new levels of offensive, which seemed to be a talent of his.
can see it? "Well… it's the rainbow, isn't it? Murder by colours, the colours of the rainbow. Meadow, lots of green grass."
Sherlock opened his mouth, but Lestrade was quicker. "It's just a simple enquiry, Reverend," he assured him. "We're investigating the disappearance of Lady Margaret Brackenstall."
is particularly good," Sherlock added after a moment, "because you really
At the first touch of the other boy's tongue to the underside of his shaft his entire body tensed as he tried not to jump and poke Julien in the eye with himself. It didn't feel like anything he could possibly have done to himself, warm and damp and a completely different kind of pressure than his fingers. Sherlock clenched his hands into fists with the effort to keep his hips still as Julien's tongue darted out again, fidgeting helplessly; as sensations started to pulse through his body his knees felt trembly and threatened to give way.
, Monsieur Dupin."
John moved into the flat when I had already spread my belongings casually over every available surface, and for months his few orderly things didn't get a look-in.
"John, I don't… I didn't… I don't want…" Were it any other situation, John would be proud of managing to bring Sherlock to this level of incoherence, but right now he feels like someone just pulled a rug out from under his feet. Sherlock had
Molly released his chin as if in surprise. "
(See the end of the chapter for
He grinned. Sherlock got the sense that some kind of business transaction had been completed, so he grinned back; Julien picked up the last of his roll and started picking at it carefully until Sherlock wanted to force his mouth open and stuff the rest of it in there. Sherlock never took his time eating. If he was going to do it at all, he was going to get it over with as fast as possible without inhaling his food and possibly choking. The French boy, however, seemed to be overly concerned with making his mouthfuls as small and delicate as humanly possible, making Sherlock's impatient nature scream with frustration.
Bill and Bradley made a face. In Bradley's case, this meant a slight grimace of distaste for the brand of 'chick-flick'; in Bill's, it meant sticking his tongue out further than John would have considered medically possible and mock-vomiting over the side of the table with such enthusiasm John started to wonder just how
At precisely eleven-fifteen on Saturday morning, John realised he'd chosen wrong.
John gaped, staring at him – still keeping his eyes resolutely confined to his face and not straying to any inch of his naked body. Sherlock let out a huff of impatience. "Yes, that
rewritten, not when Will tried so hard to make them so different."
The door behind us opens and John and I look around – rocking from foot to foot in a bizarre tango to avoid breaking apart, still wrapped tightly in each other – to see Mary come in, see us together, and freeze where she stands. I get ready to disentangle myself from John, but he clutches me tighter and doesn't make to move.
"John Watson," he replied. "Pleased to meet you."
"The letter hasn't appeared on the black market. It hasn't been offered to either our government or theirs. No action whatsoever has been taken, and there's no reason to just sit on something like this. So it follows that no-one took it. I'd venture that it's still in the safe."
"Obviously. There was probably a fair bit of dishonesty going on in Australia, maybe McCarthy saw something he shouldn't have. Someone break the news to his daughter, she'll be delighted, and I'm not going near that woman again with a twenty-foot barge-pole. Come on, John, we're done here."
John pulled away as suddenly as he had advanced, breathing hard but steadily and smiling his usual bold grin. "Like that?" he asked.
Julien smiled diplomatically. "Good guess."
Sherlock shook their hands apart gently in favour of sliding both of them against the curve of John's jawbone, the warmth cupping his chin like steam from a cup of Angelo's tea. And then the detective was pulling John's face close to his own and swooping in for a deep, searching kiss.
Sherlock gives a shout, and they cut their conversation short and trail over to where he's standing, bent over the mud with his magnifier trained on the ground. "Lestrade," he drawls smugly. "Could you be so kind as to tell me what this is?" John almost tells him he sounds like Mycroft, but decides that this would be unspeakably cruel.
Joseph Grieg's head shot up; Sherlock carefully held the expression for a moment before hurriedly looking away, clearing his throat and returning to his Chemistry textbook, blinking hard. He listened, feeling his face flush helpfully red. From the shocked silence punctuated by heavy breathing, he'd been right; it was his adolescence, the vulnerability that came with it, that attracted the teacher. Which was interesting in itself; he didn't dare look over, but he could tell the older man was still watching him, mouth open, as he processed the fact that Sherlock very obviously wanted him.
John growled in frustration as someone knocked on the flat's front door. Most of the people in the building knew that he had an exam the following afternoon, and most of them wouldn't dare to disturb him after the time he'd put a Stinging Hex on the door-knocker before his Healing finals.
I'd run away and form some kind of Neo-Death Eater group. Being an Auror seems… it's interesting, and challenging, and you always know when you've done well. There are so many things to think about that it consumes your mind, you can only think about the job that you're doing. I thought about a lot of careers, but an Auror was the only one where I could picture that happening."
The other boy's fingers were deft and sure, sliding down to the buttons on his shirt and gently picking them undone. Julien seemed to have picked up on his reaction to the use of fingernails; Sherlock could feel him smirking against his lips every time his fingers slipped and his intricate nails scraped unexpectedly against skin.
He doesn't turn around to see Sherlock's smirk as he leaves, or the way his best friend's eyes follow his arse as he runs out of the door.
I will not cry.
Warnings: yet more angst (you'll get used to it); snogging between two men.
Usually, Sherlock was just as reluctant to lead landing parties as the rest of the crew was to follow him: on this particular occasion, however, he had glanced at John's monitors and let out a noise of interest. "Fascinating," he had breathed. "The planet shows no signs of respiration or heat, but extremely high levels of psychic activity. I will need psi-able crew members in my landing party," he directed at the comm link with the bridge.
He couldn't help but worry - even if it was something petty, John
I was having fun, I didn't want to go home yet, it's only one –"
he was killed, which made the Yard's suspect's alibi perfectly solid; eyewitnesses had placed him three blocks away five minutes before the victim was murdered.
The detective paused for a moment, looking almost shy in the face of the playwright's obvious lack of surprise. "I received a note this morning from Mycroft's office," he said after the moment had passed. "Constable Lestrade has returned from Sussex. I thought you may like to hear what he has to say."
"What?" Sherlock asked, moving his hands in order to prop himself up on his elbows.
John tried to think of other words for it, other descriptions, but it seemed to come straight out of an old Earth history book depicting the Medieval Age, a towering structure of grey brick extending impossibly far up, ringed in a high wall and apparently deserted. The only thing it lacked was a moat and a drawbridge. In fact, John searched for any kind of door at all in vain. A few crows circled an upper turret, cawing morosely. A breeze ruffled his hair and bent the blades of grass until they tickled his ankles. Besides the castle, the horizon was unbroken, bleak.
wanted him to kiss me that first time. I knew what he wanted and I was curious and I
, the only man Julien had ever genuinely cared for. Sherlock, who was about to methodically scour every mention of him from his cavernous mind until their shared adolescence – and all the snatched moments since – may as well have ceased to exist.
Angelo beamed at them when they burst through the door to the inn, breathless from the brisk walk back from the Globe, but they barely glanced at him on their way up the stairs. Will had kept them after the play for over an hour, discussing different directions and nuances they had hit or missed. On any other day, John would have relished the chance to deconstruct something so new and different as a company, but with Sherlock's hands growing ever bolder on the seat of his trousers John's perspective had changed somewhat.
he obliged.
Sherlock held up an imperious hand. "Stop everyone from cleaning up, I still need the room as it was," he said shortly.
the boy who handed the jewellery in?" Sherlock asked him.
Lestrade nodded, still turning the pendant over in his fingertips. "How did you find them?" he asked, returning to the desk and stowing the packet carefully in a drawer. Sherlock's fingers twitched.
The boy snorted. "John, you don't have to be nice to me just because no-one else is."
at the assembled forces of Scotland Yard. John, however, chuckles and holds his Carlsberg high. "The army," he declares, grinning at me.
Even John noticed the tiny flinch that the sailor made at the name, but he covered it almost immediately with a frown, like he was trying to remember. "I don't believe so," he said after a moment of this. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
The detective snorted and shook his head, finally looking back at him. "They wouldn't," he said softly. "I didn't go either. If you'd gone you would have just sat there. I was too… it wasn't anything like what I'd told myself I wanted. We just weren't ready." He looked down at his gloves, fingers toying distractedly with the hem of the leather. "You didn't say anything either. I thought you… I knew you
The playwright shrugged. "I'm not sure they would if you hadn't."
The doctor chuckled, but his heart wasn't in the noise. He leaned over to fish the scissors out of the bedside drawer and cut through the tape; Sherlock flexed his wrists as John rolled off him and adjusted himself again.
, I dread to think what he's normally like," the actor remarked in a low voice, just quiet enough that Tobias couldn't hear.
The detective looked crestfallen. "John, I -"
I know the work already. And I want to stop by Scotland Yard on the way back, too, see if I can get
"Thank you, John," Sherlock said shortly, every muscle in his thighs struggling with the effort of keeping his hips still. John's words were flooding him with ideas of
"John."
He had to admit there weren't a lot of ways of phrasing it that didn't sound absolutely rotten. "Not – well – I just
Except that night, he dreams about Sherlock.
"What truth?" the little boy asked, apparently spellbound by his elder's reminiscence.
in this school want you? I suddenly am feeling very lucky."
Jim looked at him, his expression slightly scathing. "Obviously." John blinked, taken aback by the abrupt answer. "This is me," he parted, turning sharply into the History corridor and waving a hand languidly in farewell. "I'll see you around, John Watson."
Lestrade's voice echoes from the end of the corridor; they're coming back. "John!" I hiss, and we scramble to get the floorboard and the carpet back into position before they re-enter the room.
He took a deep breath. "Sally. Please. I'm really not…"
he wasn't interested himself.
Peters stayed in his doorway until they were right at the end of the street; Sherlock paused for one last look back, and the mercenary actually smirked at him before closing the front door.
"You look fantastic," John lied brightly in return. The scientist snorted.
Stamford threw his arms in the air in distress. "
sex with people before. What if that was all it was to him, and that's all he wants?"
've saved? Angelo. Mrs Hudson – she told me about her husband's plans to kill her. Sarah. Those people Moriarty strapped to bombs. Irene Adler – yes, I know about that. Henry Knight. Doctor Mortimer. That banker. Me, and me, and me, over and over again – I owe my life to you a thousand times, Sherlock."
," Grieg corrected. "It's… Sherlock, we
, really – into the flat that he would pretend he hadn't seen anything and see what Sherlock said. "The surgery was busy," he lies shortly. Sherlock smirks.
John raised an eyebrow. He doubted his friend would stay willingly in the med bay for longer than a day; once he had woken up, John would have to strap him to the bed to keep him there like he usually did.
"I don't care," Sherlock insisted, throwing his arms up in desperation. "A woman might
It had the intended effect, for all its melodrama; Mycroft sat back in his chair with a sharp indrawn breath, looking ruffled. "When was the last time you saw him?" Sherlock pressed.
Sherlock perched awkwardly on the edge of the chair and folded his hands on his lap, letting the silence brew for a moment. Then he took a deep breath. "I'm sorry," he said quickly.
Sherlock had heard, of course, and had turned back to them with a sneer firmly fixed in place. "Because
was in danger in front of them, he would have been amused at the usually anti-social – if never outright
for checking my facts and calling me on my inaccurate metaphors. All quoted text is taken from
him to kiss him, he could see it – all of the detective's own identifiers were there. "I, um… I'm flattered that you want me like that, John, really," Sherlock finishes quickly. "But I don't feel the same. I'm sorry."
The Ambassador smiled, pulling his godson closer against his side in an approximation of a hug. "Trust me, Sherlock," he said warmly, "you will know."
Maybe he was just getting old.
belongings spread-eagled around and between us, our hands clasped in my lap. "But it's stupid, isn't it? I've never, I
Sherlock sighed as the door swung shut between them, the people around the tables who had been momentarily distracted by the arrest turning back to each other as though nothing had happened. "Something's not quite right," he said softly. "Or rather, a lot of things aren't quite right that could be explained away by themselves, but all together… it could be nothing."
"Sherlock," he says suddenly. "You know stealing someone's heart is just a figurative thing, right?" The detective gives him a scathing,
with John, without having to face the reasons he wanted it head on.
Sherlock shakes his head minutely, one corner of his mouth twitching up. "It's very possible. But then, it's also very possible that the letter was somehow lost with Lucas, or that whoever has it now will offer it to the British government first. Trelawney-Hope was exaggerating, though, there won't be war. Although someone probably told
The older man chuckled. "I don't know if I'd be able to be with you
Doctor Watson is here to see you, monsieur. I told him you were busy, but he would not listen.
John returned in the evening, just as boredom was threatening to drive Sherlock right out of his own skull. Sherlock returned his perfunctory greeting from where he had printed out the case file and spread it out over the living-room floor; predictably, John stopped dead and stared. "Was it really necessary to rearrange
The playwright's face darkened. "Don't mention that boy to me," he said irritably. "Once this season is over I never have to speak to him again. God knows why he wanted to be an actor. He gets nervous just speaking to
And if thy poor devoted suppliant may
A flash of anger flooded Peters' face for an instant, but he was back in control before any of them could comment. Sherlock narrowed his eyes, but he seemed to be taking his lead from Lestrade and he kept quiet. "I had expected a certain amount of discretion from my undertaker," he said slowly. "We requested slightly larger dimensions than his standard for her coffin. If you had met my mother-in-law you would understand."
stupid, that wanting to keep something that's been so incredible is not stupid at all, that what's
John grinned and slapped Ben on the shoulder again as the boy pulled a shirt on over his intricate, leafy body-paint. "Pub?"
"Oh," the detective frowned. "In that case, definitely Angelo's. He will need to be set right."
"Like this," the doctor almost whispered, shifting back up onto his knees, running his hands down Sherlock's body before replacing one beside his head and using the other to hold Sherlock's hips steady as he thrust firmly forwards, his erection rubbing the fabric of Sherlock's pants against the cleft of his arse, nudging his perineum and his testicles. Sherlock cried out softly as though John had actually entered his body, his legs wrapping around John's waist and holding on, his own hips lifting to meet the doctor's as they kept thrusting, setting up a slow, hard rhythm. John's hand left his hip, cupping the curve of his jaw briefly before it settled back beside his head to hold him up.
the same way Shakespeare does. The way he puts the
Funnily enough, the speed he couldn't muster on his own clothing is easy to apply to Sherlock's, and he manages to dispatch Sherlock's purple shirt in record time without losing any buttons. Faced with the wide expanse of pale, neatly-muscled torso, John stares speechlessly.
Bill's face cleared immediately. "Oh," he said. "So he's another one of your fixer-uppers with no self-esteem."
, he thought, and wondered what kind of product the doctor put in it because his shampoo wasn't fruit-flavoured. "Stewart, please," John said as he pulled back, evidently having read the name on the screen.
He'd been working on the assumption that the woman had ceded control right from the start of the exchange. And yet he, Sherlock, had retained it when initiating the role-play because it had seemed sensible – he had read the statement when John had not, he knew what they were about to do when John, without being told, did not. He'd kept control of the situation almost without realising it. And then John had snatched that control away from him.
thank Mycroft for me."
he does could
The playwright did not comment as they moved from the first scene into the second, the players who had busied themselves as courtiers smoothly transitioning into sailors or drowned men lying heavily about the stage. Sherlock stood on a stool that had been left onstage from the previous afternoon's performance, gazing without interest into the audience. John marvelled once again how the transition from
he commanded, giving the younger man an indulgent smile.
Sherlock made an impatient noise. "You've heard of a Penseive, right? Well, if you can take thoughts and memories from your mind and put them in a Pensieve, or bottle them and give them to someone else, why can't you just throw them away?" He lifted his wand – thin and dark and elegant-looking – to his temple and withdrew a tiny gossamer thread of thought, letting it hang between them for a moment before casually dropping it into the saucer of his teacup. John leaned over in time to see the noticeboard in the lobby swim around the surface before fading away. "Like that."
After, when we're shaking and clutching onto the bench and each other for support, John takes a deep breath and slides his arms around me, burying his face in my chest and holding me so tightly, as though
Sherlock raised a languid eyebrow. "It's better quality than the stuff they actually used. This will only stick to itself, not to your skin.
That tyrannous heart can think?" The younger actor launched himself to his feet once more, pacing frantically as though he couldn't decide whether he wanted to be close to Sherlock or as far away as possible.
They walked away from the artist's grateful smile, but they didn't get far before Will stopped with a hand on John's arm. "You liked him, then? Holmes?" he asked, sounding feverishly excited.
"Now, you tell these two what you just told me," Lestrade says to the burly young officer when they step through the door.
He'd probably never assaulted anyone before. That one was on John.
The detective raised an eyebrow dismissively. "If she used her brain as much as she used her voice perhaps I would."
on the safe side of too-loud so that the neighbours didn't get angry. "I'll buy you a drink if you dance with me," John negotiated, leaning forwards slightly as if to trap him against the bar.
something incredible in return. "Maybe
John smiled contentedly. "Trust me," he said, unable to keep the smile out of his voice. "I'm a doctor."
– and the consulting detective was displaying all of them. After John had kissed him, his pupils dilated, his cheeks flushed, his breath quickened and he wasn't given the chance to get close enough again but he's willing to bet his heart-rate elevated too.
Sherlock sat through the customary shaking-hands and thank-you speeches in irritation; the Doctor seemed to enjoy the praise, hugging Hannah and Marchbanks and even being relatively civil to Fitzherbert when he blustered out an apology. Sherlock withstood a hug from Hannah in patient silence, but he didn't quite breathe deeply again until the doors of the TARDIS clicked shut behind them and the Doctor sighed briskly.
John tried to keep his jaw from falling open. "How do you know my name?" he asked.
why you're taking Law and Politics?"
Maybe if he'd been less tired and disappointed and frustrated, that would be that, would
Sherlock turns green-grey eyes on the plate of pasta John sets down in front of him at the kitchen table; his face remains expressionless as he turns it towards John, sitting at the other end of the table and shunting measured amounts of the stuff into his own mouth. He sighs. "John…"
Lestrade grinned. "Sherlock seems very friendly with you," he commented.
The alien grinned broadly at him and tapped a few more keys. "The plans all look fine," he said, gesturing towards them. "Except for
John's thighs protested as he clambered upright himself; he knew that they would not be pleased with him the next day, and knew that Will would notice his discomfort instantly, particularly if Sherlock was similarly inconvenienced. Will would disapprove, he was certain. He'd had mixed opinions of John's feelings for Sherlock from the beginning, but the playwright hated his co-stars becoming romantically involved during production of a play. There was too much room for things to go wrong and the two people to be unable to stay in a room together, let alone on a stage.
"Ah, Detective Inspector," he says politely. "How do you take your tea?"
"Right!" After barely a moment of disconcerting, slightly rocky motion that Sherlock could only assume was flight, they did something that might have been a landing with a rhythmic screech and a kind of ominous-sounding
John tried to be a little more helpful. "She was a widow, so it's more likely she knew Lady Brackenstall than her husband, isn't it, Sherlock?"
- already it hummed between them as the lovers entered and John pretended to be oblivious to his bride's disapproval. He'd anticipated a certain thrill to acting beside the detective on an actual stage, and it was already living up to his expectations, even with the tiny twinge of guilt that he felt every time he saw the irate fire in his friend's eyes. Sherlock frowned his way through Hermia's proclamations, sulkily allowing John to toy with his fingers as he did so.
Sherlock sits forward again. "Do you think I could take a picture of it? Just to show her the style, see if she likes it. Not if you're not comfortable, obviously. I can try to describe it to her, but a photo would be better."
Finally, she let him go; overwhelmed with the kiss, he took a moment before he could pull back and grin at her. She giggled. "Thanks," she said quietly, dipping her head to peck his lips again. "I feel much more confident now."
John rolled his eyes. "Of course not. They'll pay for me to go to med school, as long as I serve a bit of time as a medic or something afterwards. There's a pretty big chance I'll never even get called up."
They lay there for a while, John's breath forcing Sherlock's chest further into the bed, their cocks still twitching helplessly against each other. After a moment, Sherlock sighed contentedly and shifted, and John took the hint and rolled off him to stare up at the ceiling with a tiny smile on his face, still breathing heavily. Sherlock gingerly flexed all his limbs in turn to make sure they all still worked.
He hummed in languid agreement. "It will," he said anyway. Then he sat up abruptly and leant over the side of the bed, returning with his discarded shirt and giving both Sherlock and himself a perfunctory wipe-down. "There," he finished. Sherlock smiled lazily. There would still be a sticky patch on his stomach, but when it began to itch he could simply invite John into his shower.
be twisting at those words. He stares back for a second and mouths,
"Well," John panted when they broke apart, looking at the fire in Sherlock's grey-green eyes and feeling his stomach dissolve into a puddle of lust. "Everyone knows."
Sherlock smiled softly. "Good morning, Miss Donovan," he said in a tone that was just slightly too pleasant to be genuine. "Constable Lestrade invited me to take a look at his crime scene."
," he moaned again, his hands nestling into his pubic hair, feeling the heat from his cock as it twitched at the sound of his name so passionately in John's voice. Suddenly frantic, he fixed his hand around it and pulled, groaning desperately at the feeling of the broom callouses on his palm as he stroked it up and down his – John's – cock. He tried to go slowly, dipping his other hand down to fondle John's testicles, larger than his own and
Of course he notices anyway. "Sherlock?" he says tentatively, the hand that was on the book reaching out for my shoulder to grip it gently. "Are you all right? What's going on?" I don't try to shrug away his hand, so he shuffles forward and leans against me carefully, encouraging me to lean on him as a counterbalance. "God, Sherlock, I'm sorry. I've been so wrapped up in me and Mary that I haven't actually
of it was so intoxicating that he moaned again, rescuing himself just before a
William Shakespeare looked John up and down the instant he walked into the room and rolled his eyes with a sigh of exasperation. "You didn't," he said bluntly.
. We'd have no oxygen. We can't get any kind of replacement
"Oh," John replied. "I enjoyed the dance, actually. You were great."
? – and toss the worn pyjama t-shirt over so that Sherlock could clean himself up, followed by the cotton pants to cover himself before flopping bonelessly back onto the bed. "Well. I'm guessing you already know what I was thinking about?" he'd say tonelessly, wriggling into the bed to play against the nerves spinning around his chest.
"I don't spend a tremendous amount of time around coffins," John quipped. "A little taller than I would have expected, perhaps."
" John cried, rounding on him. "
"Goodbye, John."
" he said, as though the words sat ill on his stomach.
But after a moment, the shifting stones resolved themselves into a doorhandle, cut with a fine line into the wall. John breathed out in such relief he felt light-headed. "Thank you," he muttered, not sure if he was saying it for his own benefit or just in case Sherlock could hear him.
" John yells finally, the tension in the room snapping, propelling both of them onto their feet, facing each other with flushed faces and clenched fists –
The brunet's smile widened. "Master Holmes described you to me," he corrected.
we needed to know without letting Peters know we're right behind them," Sherlock snarled, leaning against the shop front to shake out his injured foot. "Why do people like that have to be so
He smirked at the faltering expression on the army doctor's bold face. "That's not your concern," he replied coldly.
Will cheered; Ben joined in almost immediately, and the rest of the pub quickly followed, whooping and clapping and slapping the two of them on the back. Sherlock looked down at John over the drink someone had slapped into his hand and grinned. John rolled his eyes cheerfully and accepted his own drink from one of the men who had been sitting with Will.
it if they didn't know better. "I'm not sure, Mrs St. Claire. He went to Pentonville yesterday after you left and I think he made some progress there, but if he had any definite news he would have called you," John lies smoothly. Sherlock smirks again, darting a languid look in his live-in PA's direction.
"John," he said quietly, shifting his shoulders and cursing the tape holding his arms away, "I wonder if –"
not the problem here, Sherlock."
"I could help," Lestrade said, wondering as it was coming out of his mouth quite what he was signing up to, visions of the young man vomiting on his floor and occupying all of his attention floating to mind. "Once you're through withdrawal it'll be easier."
"As I say, Miss Lancaster, we are perfectly able to prove that you are the person we've been looking for. There is no reason not to come clean with us and every reason
Molly cried, breaking them apart abruptly. He was smiling, but there was something hard in his eyes that betrayed the expression. John wondered if Olivia would have noticed the difference in personality between Cesario and Sebastian, would have preferred one over the other. He supposed even if he had preferred Sebastian, even knowing that she was married to the man she had gone to the church with, it would still be difficult to watch the man she had fallen in love with kissing the man she had repeatedly spurned.
Sherlock smirked. "Are you? What might that be, then?"
The fourth time that cycle of
The boy grinned at him and trotted over; comically, he didn't look too closely at the person standing next to him until he got there. His jaw fell open. "'
was a woman, he thought, John may already have proposed to him. If he had the sudden opportunity to formally share his life with someone who suited him so well, to start a family with them - why would he wait or doubt what he already knew they had?
"Clearly," Sherlock told it, folding his arms. "Otherwise I'd already be dead, I've held you up enough."
"You don't have to tell me," John assured him. "I have yet to see him act more than a few lines, but I don't think I've ever connected with anyone as quickly as I have with him. I know I'll enjoy acting with him. And I have enormous respect for any man who can successfully convince others that he is actually a woman."
to do this."She said he came in through the window…"
sprang back up and hit his muscled belly.
John blinked. "You - you only sleep for an hour at a time?" Sherlock, finally having managed to get his trousers up around his narrow hips, stopped rooting through the pile of clothes and papers on the chair by the door to glare at John for a moment. "Sherlock - what's the big deal? You must have needed the sleep."
to ask anything.
Sherlock put on a heavy frown. "Well, where are they, then?" he asked petulantly.
He hadn't been lying; John's body
He hated to prove her wrong, but he didn't have a clue. He
But John had acted as though the entire role-play had never happened, plonking a sandwich in front of Sherlock and commanding him to eat it as he had every day or so for months. Sherlock did so, watching John carefully for any flicker of interest in the fact that he had obviously finished himself off as soon as the doctor had left the room. He didn't find one until after they had both finished their lunch, chatting idly about nothing in particular and shifting simultaneously into the kitchen to stack their plates by the sink. John turned around from the kitchen bench and apparently found Sherlock closer than he had expected; he stared, transfixed, at Sherlock's chest for a moment, but just when Sherlock was reaching out to tip up his chin and deliver his speech he started guiltily and moved off as though he had been shocked.
sometimes, so God knows how
They nodded to the jeweller and swept out of the shop. As soon as they were out of sight of the shop windows, Sherlock stopped dead and let out a rich, elated chuckle.
"I see." John has to laugh at Sherlock's reaction to the crude metaphor. "Well, thank you, Sergeant. Has there been any new information since I was updated?"
," he said, his lip twisting, "but even you can't take me there."
about his holiday. He supressed the resulting smile. "Yeah, it was all right, thanks. Spent most of it at boot camp, so not as relaxing as everyone else's, I hear. What about you?"
Sherlock tipped his head in acknowledgment, grinning. "Perhaps not," he agreed.
on the
John decides to test his luck by settling down on the bed beside him. Sherlock doesn't react. "Just out, wherever. It's Sunday morning."
He drained the glass in his hand and flicked it back down the bar, standing up with another sigh. "Well, we'd better follow them, either way," he said briskly, yanking a fifty-pound note from the inside pocket of his jacket and holding it out towards Henzell. "Thank you," he said to the barman as he took the money. "Keep the change – for your help."
he turned back to Antonio with a disapproving frown, tryimg to make himself look as tall as possible,
"Do they really
," John corrected.
He returned the grin. "Oh, it was murder," he agreed idly. "I don't know where all these people come from."
play Hamlet, he just hadn't liked the character enough to try.
John gaped at him. "You… you'd rather I rut against you until I come than leave the room for a minute and disrupt your role-play?"
John sighs. "Do you think you could maybe do that
He was grateful that Jim wasn't in the room. He trusted Bill's feedback, and his friend seemed to have almost as much emotion invested in the saga as John did himself, but the Irish boy's sudden interest in Sherlock unnerved him and he really didn't want to have to think about that while convincing Bill that he really
"Is… is Mr Holmes there?" asks a timid, throaty voice. "It's Alice." John casts a suspicious look at Sherlock, his brain firing off the worst-case-scenarios of who 'Alice' might be before the woman expands. "Alice St. Claire, we met yesterday – Mr Holmes is trying to find my husband."
out the back for you."
The detective raised his mug as though proposing a toast. "Perhaps I simply enjoy the luxury of Angelo's tea," he countered. The inkeep slapped him on the shoulder in apparent gratitude, almost causing him to fall off his barstool. Sherlock forced a smile over his wince. "Angelo, this is John Watson. John, this is Angelo. Would you like some tea?"
Sherlock actually stood up, approaching his brother with a calculated mixture of menace and urgency. "
He would have thought they could pick a better location for the greater London swimming sports, considering the range of schools that always showed up. He could barely imagine what it would be like for the people from the private schools such as Cuxton Grammar to come down here to support their friends. He could see a few of them, though, in their navy blazers with their hands primly folded in their laps, greeting each heat and winner with a polite round of golf-course applause. He caught Bill's eye and shared a small giggle at them.
"Watson," the small Irish boy snapped, swinging his backpack over his shoulder, "I don't need you to baby me. I can handle high-school on my own."
John remembers their first meeting. And their second. And the third. "No, I don't. Well, only when he makes an effort to be civil with me." Sherlock shrugs and picks up the violin again. "And you! Since when do you play
They both look up at the consulting detective, arms folded in a childish gesture of frustration, standing in the middle of the room surrounded by new carnage and pouting. John tries not to laugh, but Sherlock doesn't miss the expression. "Come on, John, we're leaving."
Sherlock finally succeeded in untying the points on John's trousers, yanking at the flaps until he could free John's own erection and gently stroke his long fingers up its length; John felt his knees beginning to buckle and pushed his hips forward, steadying himself against his partner and inadvertently sliding their erections together. Sherlock whimpered as John's cock slipped in the hot liquid around the tip of his own, and this was
here, among others."
John followed Jim all the way to the swimming pool they'd visited the day before, his skin crawling as it became clear that this was where they were headed.
I still have absolutely no idea what I would do without my darling flatmate, who resisted all my attempts to force him to verbally role-play this with me before he wrote our recent chapter of
