“You have nothing to apologize for, Dean, I know your brother means a lot to you. It’s nice he surprised you with a visit.”
Dean shifted where he stood and assessed the situation as he tried to think of a way to sort the mess of thoughts in his mind into order. His hands felt sweaty and his heart beat so fast, it felt like it was going to explode right out of his chest.
A new slash appears across the young witch’s cheek, long but superficial, and Cas can’t help the deep groan that rumbles in his throat as he shuts his eyes in response.
"Your clothes don't follow the dress code."
who drove him away from school in the first place, but not anymore, he deserves to have a family, if that’s what he wants, and I’ll be okay with that when he leaves. And you… There’s always something else that needs your attention. You’re always coming and going, sometimes you don’t even tell us where to.”
“You can feed from each other’s graces?”
. Why couldn’t he understand how much he needed him right now? Why couldn’t he trust Dean? And to leave him alone with Castiel like that… Not that it was a bad thing, it wasn’t like Dean didn’t enjoy his presence, but being cooped up alone with the angel for days…
“It's okay, Dean,” Cas speaks softly. Dean barely opens his eyes to look at the angel. There's no judgement there, no pressure, no expectations. He could walk out of the car right now and Castiel wouldn't hold it against him. He'd understand, he always did, and that's exactly why Dean decides to just do it. It can't be that scary to do this with someone who so sincerely cared for him…
Dean is quiet for a while. He thinks of her, young and desperate, alone that day in the delivery room. He can’t help but feeling he should have done more, he should have said something to her, offered her help.
“Your brother’s out of the closet,” John announces in a teasing tone.
While Gabriel is out on Thursday night with Kali, Cas gets witchy. He lights some candles, gets a goblet with human blood as an offer to the King—Gabe keeps an (almost always) ethically stocked pantry of ingredients, no humans were harmed on the making of this ritual—and draws Purson’s seal in the magic mirror of his room. With Seir perched on his shoulder, Castiel begins the calling.
“I'm indifferent to sexual orientation, Dean. There's beauty in all of mankind, no matter their gender identity. And you're probably the most beautiful of them all.”
“No,” Dean repeats. His other hand curls into a fist. His eyes are wild with anger, confusion and hurt. He turns towards the bed, grabbing his shirt before he storms out of the room. He stops by the door and glances back at him. Looking at Cas over his shoulder and trying to keep his voice in check, he says, “I can’t believe you went this far for this frigging—I thought we—”
did he get that girl? I would totally be a lesbian for her, look at that ass.”
“How— Dean, this isn’t funny, you let a stranger into the apartment?”
even have it in the first place? Wasn’t it supposed to be guarded by Samuel Campbell? Did you take it from him? So much for allies, dad.”
Sam shook his head in disapproval, still not convinced that the angel's mind could be changed, but said nothing further.
Dean finds himself snuggling closing to Cas, his ear resting on Novak’s chest. He can hear the heart beating on his ear, it’s rhythm almost rocking an emotionally exhausted Dean to sleep. The world seems to be so still and all there is is the touch of Castiel’s skin, his strong arms around Dean, the covers over them. It feels great, it feels familiar and safe and loving and like Dean wants to stay there, like that, forever. He can’t wait for those sleepy kisses Castiel gives him in the middle of the night, he treasures those moments. He treasures
“Josie, I-”
"Are you sure you're in the right place, boy?" he cuts Dean through, voice deep and tone unfriendly.
Castiel laughs so much while walking home he
Standing next to him, Dean cautiously asks, “Cas, are you sure? Don’t you want to think about it?”
“Is something the matter, Dean?”
Dean and Sam looked back and forth between them, and then at each other, wondering what they were missing.
“Dean,” his name left the angel’s lips for the millionth time as he sat in a stool next to him, leaning over the counter and drawing his hands together.
“Apparently, yeah…”
Without having to ask, Billie knows what he’ll choose as well. Despite her rather stoic face and her resolution to remain objective and indifferent, there is a hint of compassion in her eyes. If his choice pleases her, Billie makes no comments about it. He thinks it does though, he is sure this is what she wanted all along; with his magic gone, with Cas being anything but extraordinary, there are no more threats to the balance of the world. Things would go back to normal which is just the way Death likes it.
His second class is also a torture but this time at least Castiel’s not there and he finds a seat on the back where he spends approximately fifteen minutes picking the lock of the journal until
“You want to take away their grace?” Castiel asked, turning around to glare at the witch like she had just insulted him. “Their very essence, what makes them special?”
Cas need not eat, though he took some bites of Sam’s grilled chicken because he really liked it, but he was mostly concentrated in feeding Zep.
Somehow, Wednesday finds them going back to Dean’s to study after school. It’s not a date, he knows that, but Castiel can’t help but be a little nervous nonetheless. It’s the first time they’ll be together on purpose, because they both chose to, with no underlying ulterior motive other than to help Dean with statistics.
“Try to relax, Dean,” Cas smiles softly, “this isn’t a test, I’m not judging you here.”
"Kid saved our asses," Dean mumbled as he tried to lift himself up, his entire body ached.
things that I- I don’t know how to handle it, alright? I’m not saying that I’m right here, I know I’m behaving like an asshole but- this is new for me. And on top of that, I’m afraid. I’m so goddamn afraid, Cas, that I’m going to hurt you. That- that I’ll
“Dean’s going to flip out,” he declares himself victorious ahead of time.
“Why?” he asked, tilting his head and looking like a tiny version of their father. Mary's chest ached with longing.
“Mary,” he whimpered as he knelt by her side. “Mary, wake up.” He shrugged her but she didn’t wake up.
Dean pulled from the diaper’s tapes, slid the thing off and folded it into a ball, wrinkling his nose in disgust.
Benny rolls his eyes at him and crosses the room to sit opposite from him at the table. "What I mean is, you were so busy in dreamland that you didn't even notice me."
now?”
Dean rolls his eyes and snaps, perhaps a bit too harshly, “no one’s gonna ask you for ID, Sam, don’t be a buzzkill.”
“Dean, are you serious?” Sam snorted humorlessly. “I don’t think he’s going to change his mind.”
Mary winced as she tried to move her injured wing to show him why she couldn't do it herself. The kid grimaced, a sincere guilty look on his face, and looked down at his feet as he pulled from the hem of his pyjamas. “I’m sorry.”
Gabe huffs a laugh and pats his shoulder on the way to the kitchen. “As if a 17 years old had a lot of things to worry about.”
“What on Earth are you doing? You could fall!”
Fully aware that Dean knows they’re supposed to ignore each other as best as the situation allows, Cas silently frowns at him, telepathically trying to convey the many questions in his head. In response, Dean just licks his bottom lip and then bites it before giving Cas an innocent bright smile. Castiel follows every move of his mouth and then quickly averts his eyes, adopting a rigid posture with an elbow on the table and his chin resting on his hand, his mouth covered by his first. He looks tense, Dean tries not to laugh. There’s something else there, something besides that weird idea that they’re better off staying away from each other, that puts Castiel’s panties in a twist when he’s around Dean… and Dean has to say, he kind of likes it.
Because it would crush him if Dean left.
First gif: erebussociety
Castiel wraps a hand around Dean's cock and lazily pumps him, trying to help him relax. The moment Dean feels Novak's tongue pressing against his hole, he lets out an involuntary shaky breath and lets his head hang from his shoulders.
he kisses Dean, will it be because he’s itching to do it or because he wants to get to that key hanging around the other’s neck?
“Oh, there was a baby with them,” Carl told him. “Beautiful, little thing he was.”
“You think that’s what defines me?” he asks, putting his book down. “I am those things but… I guess I would rather be a… Hufflepuff.”
Dean needs to say three simple words but he waits too long and Cas closes the door behind him as he leaves.
Little by little, Castiel relaxes. His grandmother watches out the window in serene silence, he finds her presence calming, comforting. The window is open, a nice breeze makes the curtains dance. All is good, he tells himself, and tomorrow it will be even better.
Dean plants his hand in Castiel’s thigh and squeezes it, making his boyfriend jump into attention, almost dropping his fork. He squirms a little under Dean’s touch and really wishes Dean would pull his hand away.
It’s true, Castiel has grew up quite the pretty boy, but also because of years of working out with Dean, he’s lean and in shape, with strong biceps and legs. People are free to stare at him because he literally cannot
we’re worried about.”
“I guess I’ll see you in court, then,” Sam challenges her before he turns around on his heels and all but drags Dean out of the room.
“No,” Cas interrupted him, “but I don’t know what we’re going to do. These kids are a time bomb.”
“What did I—”
“Oh, yeah? Try me!”
"What?!" Dean yelled. "You can't make decisions like that out of the blue, Cas!"
Castiel giggled. His laugh is gorgeous—thought Other Dean. His white teeth flashed brightly alongside his ocean blue eyes. "That's the first time anyone has ever told me that."
"Hey!" Other Dean whined.
Cas hurried into the bunker, his eyes red but not yet crying. He stopped when he saw Sam and Dean drinking and lounging near the map table. Dean raised a curious brow and Sam looked visibly concerned. "Cas?"
Castiel smiled back. "Thank you for listening."
"No!" The trio said in unison.
Dean pursed his lips and squinted. He had his arms crossed like his brother but he was standing and leaning his weight onto one leg. "Fine." Dean finally was able to say through clenched teeth. Other Sam and Other Dean fist bumped and did a silent cheer. Dean assigned them their VERY temporary rooms and laid down the ground rules. "No touching anything relatively supernatural in here. No touching Baby. No touching our things. No wearing our clothes. No eating my slice of pie. No loud noises. No breaking shit. And—"
"You buying a drink, mister?" he said, annoyed.
Dean snickered. "I'm honored. Truly, but nothing's wrong."
"Anytime!" He nearly squeaked. He heard Cas chuckle and felt Cas lean his head onto Dean's shoulder. They had done this before, but Dean couldn't help but feel overwhelmed by the touch. He didn't say anything, though, because he was enjoying Cas' company.
It was a few days after Cas' outburst, and he was currently pacing hurriedly in the Map room. Dean, Sam, and Jack had begun watching the angel out of curiosity. Cas was clutching his phone, Dean almost felt bad for the device. Castiel seemed nervous, so nervous that he hadn't noticed the audience he had gathered. "Holding the phone hostage, eh, Cas?" Dean finally said when he began to grow bothered by the pacing. Castiel's attention drew to the three before him, he looked surprised.
"Don't speak in the third person, asshat." Dean growled. Castiel rolled his eyes.
Cas emerged from his room when he heard Dean setting something up in his Man Cave. Castiel peeked his head into the door. Dean's wearing a new red shirt and a black leather jacket. His blue jeans are new too and his shoes are sparkling clean. His hair combed back with gel and his face clear and clean. He smelled of cherries and axe deodorant.
He stopped momentarily and stared at it, the stars blurring behind it, before continuing forth and toward the church.
"He is actually...very well endowed." Castiel blushed and Sam howled with laughter, Dean looked appalled.
"But..you met on grinder?" He said in even more confusion.
__________
"I made a grave mistake." Castiel groaned. He expected some snarky comment from Dean, but instead when he looked up at the gunter he saw worry across his face.
"Oh, uh," he loosened his grip on the phone, "no. Why would I hold the phone hostage?"
"So it's...just a rock? But you said--"
"No! Sam, you're staying in the bunker—"
"What happened to you?" Dean asked quietly. Cas sighed, he thought about just leaving to his room, but he needed his friends. He took a seat and Sam slid him a beer.
Cas went to sit down. He ignored his grumbling stomach, and even though it was light out he laid down to sleep.
"Good. Oh, so fucking good for me, Feathers. You look so good. So beautiful. You're such a cock slut for me, huh?" Castiel nodded while bobbing his head. "So good." Dean moaned and thrusted forward into the warmth of Cas' mouth. Dean felt he was going to cum soon, so he pulled Cas away and ordered him to lay back down. Dean laid next to him. "I want you to ride me."
"But he does that with Her. And he fixes his mistake with Her. And then, all is well." Castiel turned to rub Jack's hair.
"About what?"
"You look so beautiful." Dean whispered before grunting and cumming into Castiel. Cas felt a hot stream hit his insides and when Dean pulled out he felt something trickle down his thighs. "So beautiful.." Dean said again.
"No," he smiled, "I just want to know if you like it."
All Other Dean could think about was how cute Castiel looked. "Right. Smart."
"Should I begin with the good or bad news?" Castiel flinched at the words and sat down slowly.
Sam shrugged. "I don't know, Dean." He sighed and stared out the window. "He just needs time."
"Eileen and I want to move out."
"I don't have much money, but" Dean sang with a grin.
The next morning, Dean walked into Cas' room and woke Castiel up. The angel's were red and puffy.
"Sh, sh." Dean gently kissed the underside of Castiel's jaw. "It's alright, baby. It'll feel better. Don't worry about me, I like the marks."
Dean chuckled softly and set the bowl down on the floor, he turned his body to face Cas. "Yeah, I get that. Sometimes I feel that way too, about Lisa. She was the closest I got to a real relationship." Castiel nodded in understanding. "You know, you could always try Grindr?" Dean suggested with a smirk. "Or Tindr, if you wanna try dating a girl."
"Yes, well, we cannot be sure until I run the tests." Segei's voice drawled from the phone. "I can be there tomorrow morning. Until then, try not to kill each other." The call ended. Cas looked tense again, he turned off the phone and set it down.
"You had sex with him?!"
__________
After Castiel left to his room, Dean re-locked the door and tossed himself into bed. His face in his pillow and his hand snaking into his loose joggers. He was half-hard, he began stroking himself slowly. He closed his eyes and imagined Castiel in a cowboy hat and boots, chest glistening in sweat, thighs spread wide and flexing as he bounces up and down. Dean's forehead creased and his mouth opened into an 'O', drool sliding onto his pillow. His strokes getting faster until he came into pants. He groaned quietly.
"Hey." Other Dean greeted. He was met by dazzling blue eyes, sex hair, and a nicely toned man in a trenchcoat. He felt his heart swell. Keep calm— Other Dean reminded himself. "I, um.. I didn't mean you." He used his free hand to rub the back of his neck.
"Nice to see you, Cassie." The british accent was laced with confidence, one that used to make Cas shiver. Castiel slowly approached Balthazar, he had told Dean and Sam to stay behind but he was sure they'd barge in at any sign of a struggle.
Poor Sam was stuck in the middle of all of this. He was either talking to Castiel about angel things, like how not all angels were related and how very few have children. How bondings worked and how garrisons were run. When he wasn't with Cas, he was with a very panicky Dean. Lately, Dean has been wanting to hang out with Sam way more than with Cas. Which wasn't too weird, except for the fact that Dean never pestered Sam this much. Hell, he even goes out with Sam on runs. To be fair, Dean doesn't run, but he goes out with him. Sam assumed that he does this to not be alone with Cas in the bunker. Whatever it is they need to discuss, he hopes they do it soon.
Castiel had made it clear to the man he was not looking for a partner. He just wanted to learn about gay sex and share poetry with someone who would appreciate. Luke had been more than happy to do so.
Castiel and Sam shared a look as Dean hurried off to the kitchen. Unsure whether to confide in Sam, Castiel leaned his head to the side and kept eye contact with Sam who was only growing more uncomfortable. "What was that about?" Sam finally mumbled, not wanting Dean to hear them.
Dean chuckled. "There it is." He whispered and shoved a third finger in, thrusting his thick fingers against the bundle of nerves.
Castiel followed Other Dean to his temporary room. "What is it—?" Cas was cut off by Other Dean who pushed Cas against the now closed door.
Dean would always deny liking anyone but females as partners, but Sam always had the time he caught Dean and Lee kissing in the closet of a haunted house to his favor. Of course, his older brother brushed it off as posession and Sam couldn't help but feel guilty for screwing up their moment when he saw Lee's expression crash from flustered to angst at Dean's false-explanations.
"Me?" Dean said, offended.
When Cas walked in, he saw everyone was eating. Castiel served himself some pancakes and sat next to Jack. Jack turned slightly and placed his hands on his lap. "Good morning."
"He wrote me a poem and he sent me some new books. He bought them for me when I told him I had run out of reading material." Castiel grabbed his phone and stared at Luke's picture.
"And this is where the Sams go out for a run." Sam pulled Other Sam out the bunker. "If anyone asks; we're twins, go it?"
"Likewise." Castiel stood still now, they were a good distance away from each other. "I come asking for a favor."
Castiel sighed and answered: "i prefer to not think about it. Besides, I am here to discuss this weapon. All the note says is to 'use it wisely', but I don't know what 'it' is."
"Where's Man Bun?" Sam asked.
Other Dean stood up. "Guys! Please stop!" Everyone quieted down. "Sammy already confirmed the flight. He and I are leaving today."
"Lucifer?" Sam asked in a squeaky voice.
Castiel stiffened, he turned his head slowly to look at Dean. Dean noticed the confusion on Castiel's face, but the effort to refrain from showing too much emotion in fear of making Dean feel judged.
“You know what I mean.”
“Sure. Good night, Charlie.”
fiasco…” Dean mumbled, watching with a vague smile as his son played with the girl, though his heart ache a little. He felt responsible, he couldn't even give his son a ‘normal’ pair of parents, who knew how much teasing and stupid discrimination his kids would have to put up with because they have two daddies, but damn he wouldn't change Castiel for anything in the world, and if only people knew what really went down in their family… Same sex parents was barely the tip of the iceberg.
I’m going to go out on that date, whether you like it or not.”
“If you had history classes with me, you'd know, So what do you say?" he asked. "We could go to the library, just you and me, and I could teach you whatever you want to know. It'll be fun, nerd time with your alternate universe uncle, how about that?"
. But this time, the main targets in Lucifer’s mind were his children. In this very moment, Heaven, led by Castiel, was fighting demons and other creatures to stop them from releasing the devil from his cage. It was the first time in a long time that all evil creatures worked together. Ever since Heaven and the Winchesters had become allies, they'd turned into an almost unstoppable force for good that had to be destroyed somehow, but everyone who tried, sooner or later perished. Dean wanted to be there, wanted to fight by Cas’ side, but someone had to stay behind and take care of the children, be the last line of defence in case Heaven failed...
Castiel’s face falls.
“Mom! What’s wrong?”
hospitalized in a mental institution?”
The priest barely paid attention to them all day. It seemed to be a busy day at church. People were coming in and out, Mary watched them from the window. What kept people coming to church in such an awful weather?
was erased from Dean’s mind immediately. When he felt Castiel was a little tight, he feared hurting him as he pushed in, but when he asked the other if he should stop, if they should try another day, Cas rolled his hips back and cried out in pleasure, smiling in a way Dean would never forget. He let himself go and fucked the other senseless. When it was over, they laid on the small sofa, panting and holding onto each other so they wouldn’t fall to the ground. Dean asked permission to stay, Cas replied he wouldn’t have it any other way, but he hadn’t meant stayed
she tried instead. She could remember him telling her once that calling him by his name made her prayers louder, easier for him to hear.
Once again Dean is taken aback by his little brother's profound understanding of him and his deep insights. Sam’s never afraid to call him out on his bullshit or toxic behaviour, especially when it is harmful to Dean. It’s not like Dean’s not aware of them, at least most of the time, but he is pretty sure this time around being into Cas is not because he’s sabotaging himself. In the past, he used to put up with a lot for the sake of getting some human contact, some so called
Once they’re in his room, Castiel closes the door behind him and takes a seat in the chair by his desk, waiting for Dean to say what he has to say. Dean remains on his feet, fidgeting nervously with the hem of his jacket. He wants to bail but Sam would never let him hear the end of it. He has to face his emotions and put them out there in the open, he has to be honest with Cas. He’s never done this with anyone before, at least not someone he had feelings for, and it’s a brand new terrifying experience… but he has been through so much worse and survived it, so he knows he can do this one thing. It definitely helps when Cas gives him this patient little smile that just makes him hope that everything will be alright, that Sam is right and all his doubts are just irrational fears he’s holding onto.
He’s got to admit, he’s tempted to buy what Dean seems to be offering. Dean’s done it before, offering himself like a piece of meat to those he wants to impress. Castiel has seen this behaviour before in memories the mirror showed him. Maybe it wouldn’t be that bad to give in. After all, physical gratification is another thing witches strongly aim for, something that Satan preaches. He could use Dean to explore, to learn, to finally satisfy those urges he’s been bottling up. Maybe if he got a taste of Dean Cas would finally stop fantasizing about him when his mind wanders. And when he’s done with him, perhaps then Dean will hate him enough to stay away from him at last.
“Did you want a girl too, daddy?” Mary had asked as she observed her father’s strange reaction. She would have expected him to look happier.
“You okay?” he asks, voice cracking with a bit of a moan.
Gabriel hesitates for a second and then clarifies, “I found a way to free her.”
close, she could feel her siblings’ graces just a couple of streets away. She chose to take the longer way, through alleys. She saw a couple of people sleeping here and there, and tried her best to keep quiet and not wake them. When she crossed the streets, she ran as fast she could.
“Do they know? The bosses, do they know?”
Thank you thank you for reading <3
Sam’s working like a madman. He runs around the bunker looking for things with the catalogue index in his hand, digs through cabinets and storage rooms and has papers and books scattered all over the table. Charlie reads whatever Sam orders her to read and Dean also tries to do the same but he hasn’t been of much help today or the day before.
Gabriel shakes his head. “He stays. I can do more for him than any doctor. Besides we can’t, how the fuck are we going to explain more stabs that magically appear on him?”
“Mr Novak, why is it that you’ve waited all this time to come looking for your son?” Sam asks. It sounds like one of those questions lawyers already knows the answers too, and they're just asking them to make you look bad. Sam is young but cunning, which is why he’s doing so great at his career.
“Ridiculous? You want to know what’s
, he thought.
“I saw Gabriel at the store just this weekend, he didn’t say anything… Is Cas…?”
“I rather not repeat it,” she finally says. When she looks up she smiles kindly at him. “People are dumb sometimes. Again, a bit of a small town issue.”
“I’m sure it’s nothing to worry about,” Dean quickly moved towards her to grab her hand.
“Gabriel, stop,” Cas urges him, trying to pull away before his brother can make a spell that will bound him with his life. Those are dangerous, they should know that, but Gabriel doesn’t even hesitate.
, the bitter poison that spreads through his mind as he images Dean talking to Charlie and Benny and Garth, all of whom will sympathize with him and think that Castiel is just a freak, a jerk. Dean came back to put down roots and like a fucking weed he’s taking over the entire garden, he’s taking everything from Castiel. He gets between Castiel’s friends and his family and his future, his powers.
them.
he intentionally missed such a core part of his studies; did he have something to hide, is there something he doesn’t want Cas to know, or it simply because he’s not interested in that sort of stuff himself?
“I’ll see you in two days,” Sam called over his shoulder, waving at Josie. She returned the wave and her eyes lingered in Rowena for a moment. She wondered who the woman was, though she quickly moved away from that train of thought; again, it wasn’t her place to pry. Though she knew Sam wasn’t married.
After Dean’s change, Castiel’s came almost immediately, the strong scent of his beloved Alpha setting him off. Dean wasn't allowed to see Cas during his days of heat and it was the longest the two of them had ever gone without each other.
in fact
It was breaking Dean’s heart to watch his daughter cry and he knew he should get up and leave, everyone was waiting for him to leave, but he felt glued to the bed. He wanted nothing more but to lay down next to her and talk, just talk, lose himself in those blue eyes that looked at him with nothing but adoration and talk to his daughter, his magnificent, brave little daughter.
“Alright,” he agreed reluctantly.
Cas opened his mouth to speak but Dwan beat it to it. “No,” he lied. “Sorry, kid. It was just instructions to care for you and your brothers.”
“We need to go, Baltz! Now!”
“How did you do that!?” he asked in a high-pitched tone as he backed away from her, suddenly terrified of the little girl.
When Dean leaves that night, he doesn’t feel half as empty as he did the night before, although walking away from Jack again leaves a bitter taste in his mouth that is mostly unrelated to the pasta he had to endure to be polite. At least he has a task now, homework; the next day he busies himself making a list of all the things he remembers Jack likes to eat the most and looking for recipes he’d try on the kid if it were up to him. He organises all the information and puts in on a folder inside his backpack, ready to take him to Cas when they meet again…
"Wider," the winner orders. Dean doesn't need to look at him to know he’s smirking.
They're told they can't share a room in the students residence because Alphas and Omegas aren't allowed to share rooms. The best the school can do, taking into consideration Castiel’s ‘condition', is set them up in adjacent rooms. Dean and Cas’ mom aren't very convinced, they worry about him too much, but there's nothing else they can do about it, at least until the boys start working and move out of the residence.
“I’m not leaving,” Dean firmly states but he looks troubled nonetheless by the argument with this father. “He can’t make me. But he could take Sam and… I don’t know that I trust him to take care of Sam. Besides, Sammy’s got an attitude, they’d be at each other’s throats.”
“Like he has a crush on you,” Charlie offers because, yes, it’s absolutely obvious that Cas has heart eyes for Dean.
“What did he do to me?” the healed angel asked with wide eyes.
Later that evening, Dean set up Zeppelin’s crib in Castiel’s room. The man had argued that they should place it in his room, but then the angel pointed out that he didn't sleep, so it made more sense that he should watch the baby through the night.
Castiel’s letters are what he lives for. His handwriting is not very good; his mother had made him keep writing after he lost his eyesight and though he had never really bothered practising much, it is still legible. Dean is now really thankful for that because the letters carry the scent of him and he breathes it in like a junky. Cas spares no details. He tells him everything there’s to know about the pup, makes Dean feel a little more closer to them and a little less like a sperm donor. He goes on and on about his new job as a teacher as well. He teaches 8 years old and is thinking of going back to school to get his Masters Degree in Education. He tells Dean about his favorite students, about the other teachers and the staff, how some are nice, others not so much, but it’s nothing he can’t handle. Cas sends him copies of the books they read as children, and even though his friends make fun of him for reading children’s book, it gives Dean joy, it reminds him of better days, simpler days. He tries to reply with letters as long as his but there really isn’t that many news to tell; training is constant, that’s it. He does his best, though, because a secret but strong part in him fears that if he doesn’t give back as much, Castiel will forget him. That utterly terrifies him…
All of the above is exactly why it’s so frustrating that there’s something that keeps them from being friends, because Dean would love to get to know him better. The worst part is not knowing
, it says. “I’ll be home, I promise. A lot of changes have been made in Heaven. My brethren is organised, strong and at peace with each other and with Earth. It’s been years of hard work, but I’ve finally restored some sort of balance, and now… I’ve left Nithael in charge. Dean,” he takes Dean’s hands and squeezes them gently, blue eyes looking into green ones with adoration, “I’m not going back to Heaven. I’ve decided to stay, permanently.”
The church was small and rather creepy in the night. The children walked closer to the altar, away from the smell of vomit, and then the older Winchester made her brother take some water and spit it.
Cas snaps his fingers before he declares, “the leak is fixed, laundry is done, and I’ve been doing research all night and reading the articles that friend of yours sent you; I am quite sure she’s dealing with a wendigo.”
,” he said, gaining an annoyed look from Castiel, and his smile dropped quickly. “But my friend here is one of the good ones,” Dean offered Cas an apologetic look.
And the fact that it wasn’t the first time he’d had weird, sexual dreams with him made him feel worst. It wasn’t a recurring dream, necessarily, but it wasn’t the first, not even the
John shrugs, trying to play it cool. He’s not good at it, has never been, Dean’s always been able to read him very easily. “I don’t know, just thought it was a really nice day, maybe there’s someone else you could be hanging out with rather than your boring old man.”
Wish you all a happy new year, guys, and share your stories in the comments if you're writing something too.
“Why wouldn’t they be home?”
“Oh, come on, that's not the juicy stuff we wanna know,” Pamela sighs, then drinks. Jo and Dean do too.
Dean realised they do not have at all enough clothes to replace the ones the baby gets dirty. They must either buy new clothes or do laundry way more often. He left the baby with Rowena and Balthazar for a moment as the witch read to them on the sofa, and barged into Castiel's room looking for a new onesie. When he turned around and saw the angel coming in, naked except for the towel around his waist, he jumped back and nearly ran out of the room, except Cas forced the door closed with a wave of his hand before Dean could get out.
Dean takes a deep breath and plants his hands on his brother’s shoulders, looking down at him, all seriousness but gentle too “Look, Sammy. I don’t want you to obsess about this and I don’t want you to spend your every free minute down here. Go do something fun and I promise we’ll continue tomorrow.” Sam opens his mouth to protest, but Dean cuts in quickly, “mom didn’t think it was the Novaks, neither did Bobby or Samuel. And they knew them better than we do. Gabriel knows we found the bunker, don’t you think he would have tried something if he wanted to stop us from discovering what he is or what happened back then? I don’t think it’s him and I don’t think it’s Cas,
. Time goes by and they don’t have so much as a small disagreement, not one political idea that they don’t see eye to eye with, which is odd because Cas is very passionate about his values and that usually doesn’t sit well with people, but Dean lets him go on and on about anything he wants, and in exchange, Dean tells him all about the movies he likes and the books Cas will have to read some day so they can talk some more about them, even though Dean’s completely spoiled them for him already. Even when they’re in bad moods, stressed over midterms, they still manage to be civil with each other.
love you.”
“Pie would be great,” Dean forced a smile in the woman’s direction, who shifted in her seat awkwardly, smiling back at him. “Thanks, Josie.”
The boy gently pressed his hand to Dean's arms and shared that memory as he closed his eyes. His mind rambled on with several memories that made him smile and relaxed him as they replaced the horrors he'd just witnessed. He'd visited the nightmare for just a couple of seconds before Mary had dissolved it and he had years of joy and love to combat those bad ones that were painfully carved in Dean's soul. He chose memories he thought Dean would like too, like the one he had from a couple of years ago on a road trip. It was barely a frozen memory, a flash of images that didn't last long that a couple of short seconds, he was too young to remember much of it, but it was still happy and pure and sweet. He was in the back of Baby with his sister, looking at Dean and Cas hold hands while Dean drove on and on, and father and daughter sang (quite out of tune) to some old AC/DC songs. Balthazar didn't know the lyrics but he hummed to the rhythm, pretending as best he could he knew the lyrics too, and Cas turned around from time to time to smile encouragingly at him. It didn't matter where they were going or how long it took Dean to drive them there; all that matter was that they were together.
Red is coming, an explosion of infernal proportions. The end of life as Earth knows it. Castiel isn’t afraid, he knew it was coming. He allowed it to happen. In the horizon, up in the air, he seems them, those he has summoned himself; the devil and, close behind him, the horsemen of the apocalypse. A thrill like no other runs through his fingers while the blast advances and destroys everything on its way. He’s immune to it so he’s not afraid. Those he considers worthy of protection will also be safe from the blast. Everyone else though...
After a short pause in which Dean debates whether to indulge the demon’s question or not, only to decide that he will keep it civil if the demon does (and honestly what other choice does he have?), he answers, “I’m… a student.”
Sam tries to wiggle out of his brother’s grip but fails. “But this is important!” he protests.
Except that when all the girls start chanting the last verse over and over again, something definitely starts to happen. Dean’s not sure how to explain it but just in a few seconds the room begins to feel charged with…
The old witch sat back, contemplating the boy’s words; an angel, backed up with Heaven and all, had to send their children away into hiding? Who the hell were they fighting that was
wrong. He quickly composed his expression to one that was more neutral and he simply smiled at his daughter, but Dean had caught his expression just fine and damn, worry settled low in his belly, adding to the mix of awful feelings that were already overwhelming him. Was his Cas in danger? Was he perhaps
Mary reports his father is looking into the strange deaths of two women. The first one was labelled an accident by the police, but they’re sure the second was a murder due to the violence of the death. There were no signs of break-in. Around that time, Mary writes,
It’d been only a couple of days since Sam had left, but it felt like more to Dean.
“Come on, let’s go home."
Sam took a sip of coffee and nodded as he thought; that was a
"You don't have us? Why not? Don't you
“That means nothing, I bet there's an universe where we're
!” Amar threw back at him, looking at Dean and then back at Castiel. “Come back to Heaven, help us fight this. What are you doing still wasting your time with the Winchesters? They’re a disgrace!”
“Are there any waffles for me?” he asked to no one in particular as he made a beeline for Cas. He sat right next to him and leant his head on the angel’s arm, eyes still half closed, petting his baby brother on the head twice. The angel smiled and Mary watched them interact with a bit of jealousy and caution. She wanted to feel as comfortable with these copies of their parents as her brothers were, wanted to lean on Cas too and let him love her like their papa did, but she felt guilty too, like it was her job to keep mourning the absence of the
“Do you want it?” the witch offers. He’s more than glad to get rid of the giant thing.
Feeling nostalgic, Cas goes into the library. There are books scattered all over the floor, Gabriel was probably up all night doing research. Castiel huffs in annoyance and with a swift movement of his hand the books all levitate and follow him through the hidden fake wall at the further right corner of the room. This library, full of
“He watched Cas sleeping half the way here with a dumb smile on his face… It was so gross,” Bela tells him, physically cringing like she's recalling something terrible she had to endure.
“Jesus!” Charlie snaps at them, putting down her controller. “
As sudden as the seismic activity had begun, it ended. Dean kept driving towards the direction Cas had felt the energy originating from, until the two of them reached a church. Glass from the now shattered windows were scattered all around outside the building. There were cracks in the ground, even in the pavement and Dean had trouble driving through them, worried Baby might get damaged. People screaming hysterically, stammering about God punishing them and apocalyptic things of that sort.
,” Gabe continues, “we never told you that it could be undone. If the betrayed forgives the betrayer, the curse will be lifted. If dad comes back to this realm, all he has to do is do a simple ritual and she’ll be back to normal.”
He doesn’t though, because if he has learned something from satanism is to be bold and defiant, so he continues to be dangerously imprudent as he thinks out loud. “No, you’re bound to Hell.”
“You think they’ll beat Lucifer?”
"I am with Benny in this one, though," Charlie says, then leans with her elbows on the table and adds in a dramatic tone, "I've heard some juicy rumours about him. Apparently he gets a kick out of turning straight guys gay. Watch out, Dean."
“Yeah, because an engagement announcement in the newspaper isn’t cheesy at all.”
“That’s why I got drained healing him, it was drawing the energy from me,” Sam says, mostly to himself. All the exhaustion catching up with him now that they have help, he sits by the edge of the pool. His legs feel heavy like a bag of rocks. He moves his hand towards the water, thinking he will finally wash the blood off his face, but when he realizes he hears faint whispers coming from it, he draws his hand back. Again, a grin pulls at Michael’s lips but he says nothing about the mortal’s repulsion.
Dean stops himself before he finishes the sentence, but Castiel can read the question which is plastered in his face;
That is why, one sunny morning, Cas is completely oblivious when his co-workers pat him on the shoulder and congratulate him, or when his secretary comes into his office and lingers in the room a little longer than usual after bringing in the coffee. He doesn’t notice how Tessa clutches to the newspapers in her hands and bites the inside of her cheek to hold back the intense grin she had when entering the building earlier. Only after Cas is done replying to an Email on his phone and he looks up to find her still standing on the other side of his desk, he tilts his head to the side in confusion.
“Shall we, Dean?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” Cas sighed, “but I’ll protect them as if they’re my own for as long as they stay here.”
“Sammy, you’ll cast the spell,” Dean merely went on like his brother wasn’t begging at all. “The angels will fight off Lucifer while you cast the spell. When it’s done, you and me- I mean, you and Dean,” he gestured again at his copy, “can take Lucifer. Right, Rowena?”
Rowena could see that, could almost smell the need for affection emanating from the kid, and she was torn between wanting to go to bed and be in peace, and wanting to keep the child as content as possible with her.
Clara’s eyebrows knitted together for a moment, then she chuckled. “Well, yes and no? My name is Clara. But last I checked, I don't have a niece,” Clara laughed, not knowing how much those words actually hurt Mary.
“What are you talking about?” Cas asks. “Giving up your magic? Your magic is
“Now, please,” she said as the light died out and the room descended in darkness again, “show us were we can sleep.”
“It’s okay, honey, don’t be scared, it’ll pass,” she said as she put her arms around him. Balthazar let her, he needed the comfort, and as they waited, he found it in himself to calm down enough to stop the earthquake.
“Did something happen?” Sam asked. A knot in his stomach had already begun to form. It’d been only a couple of weeks since the whole Amara thing had come to an end. They’d suffered a lot, physical and emotionally, and were still recovering from the whole ordeal. He was, in a strange way, grateful to be hunting something as simple as a ghost after God's sister. And if angels were making a fuss about something… It couldn’t be good sign.
“What are you going to do about him while I do my research?”
twice as happy in that universe, and when they’re home with their children, there’s not a day Castiel doesn't hear Dean laugh at some weird question from Balthazar. The angel saw the potential in them to be happier than he’d ever dared to hope for. He sees Dean’s soul healing, finally letting go of the pain and the anger that had haunted him his entire life, to be replaced with an unthinkable wave of affection that the celestial beings could literally see when Dean sat at the table with them for dinner and watched his family with adoration. Mary smiled at Castiel, knowing he sees the way her dad’s soul lights up too, and they’re happy,
It takes them a while to find Gabriel; the apartment complex consists in several buildings and they have to round several of them to finally find the dumpsters. Gabe’s there, inside one of the three large metallic compartments, digging for his stuff. Dean and Cas break into laughter as soon as they see him; he’s got a banana peel he hasn’t noticed hanging from his shoulder.
he even goes on to do something as trivial as get a degree. With the door of hell closed, he had always assumed the next obvious step for him would be to go to college, like a lot of normal mortal kids do, but what if by the end of the school year the door is open? What would he do with his life? After all, if he is immortal in Hell, skipping a few years to learn actual magic in the underworld would be meaningless to him. Would he even go at all,
“Are you okay?” he whispers close to Dean’s ear.
John’s always been a really handy, practical guy who knows enough about a lot of things so that he doesn’t need to call anyone to do repairs around the house. He takes his time teaching Dean a few important things about keeping a house in good conditions, which none points out but is actually a nice bonding time for them. Not to mention Dean likes the idea of finally having a true home to care of, together, as a family. It’s a first for him.
It was a strange feeling, being so aware of his multi-dimensional form and trying to move it without affecting his body. His consciousness registered the movement and tried to link it to his body, making him lose balance.
Dean snorts. “Nope,” he answers fast and honestly.
“Dean..."
“Mary-” Cas started softly as he got from his seat.
. But I
nice to have that with John.
Before Dean has the chance to say no, Jo’s face lights up and she points towards the door. “Look, it’s Cas!” Then her smile drops. “Oh, you’re right, he
“Alright, everyone else ready to roll?”
“I think this is the tidiest my room has ever been, wouldn’t you say, grandma?”
I've got to say I'm sorry if this chapter was poorly edited, it's the only one I am not 100% convinced about but maybe it's just cause I'm having a bad day.
“Is that bad?” Dean asks, shrugging with one arm. He doesn’t want to be a dick but if someone asks him, knowing what he does about the future, he’s pretty excited for it. Happiness is just around the corner and Cas is going to be there with him every day for it.
Under the table Cas moves closer to him, leaning his leg against Dean’s. It’s a small gesture but Dean smiles to himself as he looks away.
been a dream?
“Let’s,” he groans. The sun kisses his skin and he closes his eyes, enjoying the way Castiel’s fingers comb his hair
At least that was until the girl walked into the kitchen hand in hand with her brother to find nothing out of the ordinary in kitchen; no balloons, no cake, no nothing, just Dean laughing at Castiel’s still failed attempts to feed Zep with solids while Josie and Sam had breakfast. Balthazar’s smile faltered as he realized there was nothing special waiting for him like it normally would; their parents would prepare cake, waffles, tie balloons around his chair, sometimes high Happy Birthday signs in the wall… But there was nothing out of the ordinary that day. His feelings couldn’t compare to Mary’s though; she was completely outraged and it was as if something snapped inside her. Suddenly she couldn’t pretend anymore, she couldn’t stop herself and all the mixed feelings she’d been nesting for weeks.
“But why? It’s no coincidence she happened to find them. She must have been looking for them.”
“I’m not giving you anything. Let’s just—calm down and let’s go back to the house.”
“Unless he wasn’t expecting it, just like you.”
“And do what, exactly? You can’t drive, Sammy, how are you going to get to the next town? You’re supposed to be at school, if someone catches you you’ll just get in trouble. You won’t be able to help. And if you get in trouble and dad finds out, he’s gonna suspect something’s going on and he’s gonna go looking for me when he shouldn’t. What if he goes to the Novaks’ and sees the state the house is in? He’s going to freak out.”
The child nodded. "Your souls are different."
“It took us a while to find them,” Baltz told his dad, looking up at him like he was dying to have his dad’s attention back, “we had to travel to find them. We walked a lot, I was so tired. And then I- I saved a man, daddy! And I- I learned how to fly without puking! And we fought angels and demons and’”
Until the day of the earthquake. Sam had drove into town not long before the strange event took place. It was the closest town south to where the man's farm had been. He couldn’t really know where the origin of the seismic activity was without Cas, but news travelled fast in the small town, and people were panicking while they shared stories of the local priest swearing he’d been visited by angels, right before the mysterious earthquake took place. Now people wondered if they had not perhaps been visited by darker beings. It didn’t help that there was a man dead at the church. The priest was brought into the police station for questioning, and was being held there. So, Sam Winchester suited up, grabbed his FBI badge and went to talk to the priest. It wasn’t hard to get him to talk about what he saw, a man of faith spoke more freely of the supernatural, and  Sam didn’t like one bit what he heard. His suspicions were confirmed; these children were the nephilim Cas and the other angels were looking for, and by the looks of it, they’d found them. He felt sick as he wondered what had happened to Mary. Was she dead? Did she survive the stab? Did Dean find her? Because the description of the two men who came into the church afterwards, obviously belonged to his brother and Cas. Whenever he heard ‘trench-coat’, he knew people were talking about Cas.
Dean sticks to himself all week. He’s determined to find some answers or some way to prove that Cas is a witch or something. He’s also very embarrassed about the whole kiss ordeal and how upset he was afterwards so he avoids Benny, Charlie and Garth and turns down their offers to have lunch with them or hang out after school. With everything that’s happened, he just doesn’t want to see Castiel and sit with him at the same table, he can’t just pretend everything’s cool and normal. It’s really not this time. He doesn’t even want to think about him. Dean spends his lunches alone in the school library going through history books, especially those about their town and the families that have lived on them for long periods of time. He reads and reads, digs and digs, to the point of obsession. He’s got to keep his mind busy, working constantly to the point of exhaustion, to avoid thinking of that ache in his chest, the hollowness that was left behind when he lost the blissful hope Castiel’s kiss had given him.
wants to know what it is all about and how it related to his own family.
quite good for the Winchesters; Dean’s actually not doing terrible at school for once in his life and he’s made close relationships that would make his past self cry with envy, John hasn’t touched a bottle of liquor so far and things with Charlie’s mom
Castiel stands very still for a moment with his eyes closed, waiting for something to happen—for the curtain shower to attack him, for a random lightning to strike him, for his nose to start bleeding... but nothing happens, the house lets this little spell slide in the direction of its owner as if recognizing Castiel’s good intentions.
Cas shakes his hand. His grip is firm despite his shyness; his father taught him to always give a firm handshake, that it demands respect. Only weak men give weak handshakes and the Novaks aren’t weak people. “You’re- you’re my roommate?” His voice certainly isn’t
“Oh, you’ve no idea, I’ve fed him all kinds of crazy stories.”
So, yeah, AGAIN, sorry for the low flow of chapters. I was supposed to catch up with some writing on the weekend but I had a terrible Christmas and I was so upset, I just couldn't sit down to write.
to harm himself, but the thought of a car running him over and suddenly ending his suffering didn’t sound bad at all. He even wished for it, sometimes.
obsessed, isn’t he? He won’t eat anything unless he throws half of it on the floor.”
“She fed from Zep’s grace,” Baltz said between sobs.
changed, and who was he to judge her? He knew a lot about mistakes and redemption. Maybe he could really show her a better path.
. Cas is in trouble, for some reason.
“Thanks, man, I… I appreciate that.”
The look in Cas’ face convinced Carl; he seemed honest and really worried, and Carl wanted someone competent and kind to help the kids.
Dean couldn't help but wonder how Bobby had managed to survive in that universe. What was different there, what has permitted the old man to go on with his life to be a granddaddy? What Dean wouldn't give to go back in time and fix whatever had gone wrong in their story-line to be able to hug the old grump one again.
he were crazy but he has seen Castiel talk to people other than himself, Benny and others around Dean have noticed the demon as well so it can’t be all just attributed to wild imagination or dementia.
“That was-”
Mary was about to argue when the door blasted opened. Josie jumped back, raised her gun and shot at the man that came barging in. The shot didn’t stop him at all. He raised a hand, and in a second the woman dropped the gun and was chocking in the ground.
Castiel swallows hard, glancing in Dean’s direction for reassurance. Dean takes his hands and squeezes it, but stays out of it, for now.
“My client’s medical history is not on trial here, your Honor!”
faster that he can process them, but he leaves the airport without any expectations of hearing from Cas soon despite his promises. He gets to the football practise just barely on time and tries to distract himself, but he’s in a miserable mood, borderline moody from waking up
“I was waiting for you. I was… worried about you,” Cas tells him, sounding truly concerned about his well being. “You were quite distressed at your brother’s. So was him. Is he alright?”
"That's m'boy!" he yelled over the music and smiled, feeling happier than ever.
The little Winchester looked around himself. Around him were some houses, small apartment buildings, closed stores, alleys…
“Kind of retro, but nice,” she said as she looked around the room.
There was no point making threats or suspicious inquiries. If the groups of angels had wanted to hurt their children or take them away, they would had had enough time to do it before the Winchesters had arrived back at the house. Neither Dean or Sam had slept at all, the two groups had made their way back to Lebanon as soon as Castiel had heard his daughter’s prayer, requesting their help. Looking back on it, they felt stupid; the hunt had been easy enough, no major setbacks, and the timing of both attacks had been fairly suspicious. They should have never left the children alone with Josie, it had obviously been some sort of trap to separate them. In the end, they’d arrived to find the angels guarding the house as their children and Josie slept, and Dean had nearly lost it when he laid eyes on the angels, not really trusting them to have let her kids alone, but there they were inside, sleeping peacefully. Dean didn’t like it but he couldn’t help being thankful for the angels’ presence. Cas, in the other hand, was moved;
considering the possibility that Castiel Novak is a
“Oh, no,” Baltz spoke with a full mouth, oblivious to the sudden bad vibes. “She prefers to sleep until lunch. She says she needs her beauty sleep when you're old like her.”
Why did he know?
Cas nodded, mouth suddenly dry. He didn’t know how to tell Dean to stop, humans weren’t supposed to touch wings, but a part of him didn’t
“No? I thought you came here to say goodbye,” Dean asked, frowning through he rear-view mirror. Oh, boy, did the kid not understand they were leaving this universe? He lived in Lawrence, he wasn’t going to see the girl when he returned home.
They don’t speak all day, don’t even cross paths. Dean stays on the opposite far end of the palace, hidden in the library. He barely eats all day, spends most of the time sulking in solitude. He avoids all calls except for Sam’s because he practically causes Dean’s phone to crash with incessant attempts to reach him. Sam, who knows everything about Dean, is really the only person he can talk to. His brother tries to calm him down and make him understands Castiel’s point of view, but Dean is offended if not downright hurt by his husband’s treatment. For once in his life he wishes Cas could get his head out of his butt and realise that if he feels lonely as a King, Dean feels that much more alienated as a made consort. He doesn’t belong there, not like Cas, and the royal life is hard enough on him without adding fighting with his one true ally on the mix. This marriage isn’t something he regrets because every day he spends by Castiel’s side is what Dean’s always asked for but it’s damn lonely when Cas casts him away. The building, full of rooms, pretty things and servants, has never felt like a home to him. He can’t fucking walk around in his pyjamas in peace, can’t throw a party with his friends, can’t fart in his fucking kitchen since there’s
“Maybe not, but perhaps Gabriel did and now he’s using Cas to get to you.”
“Kid, you should have been more straightforward with us,” Ellen chimes in. “I mean, your daddy here has been trying to set you up with women for
“Alright,” Mary’s heart beat fast with anticipation, “you stay here and I'll go in. Maybe- maybe he knows something about where we live, okay?”
Comments make me very happy.
“Dean—”
“Dean, why are you hiding your husband from the world?” Charlie asks him one night when he is driving her home after having dinner at Kevin’s. Everyone keeps asking Dean when they’re going to party in his new apartment but he keeps making up random excuses not to have his friends over. He really wants to show off his new place but doesn’t want to expose them to Cas. Charlie, who is aware of the demon husband situation, knows better. He could always ask Castiel to leave for a few hours but that would be very rude.
Impala: google search, source unknown
“I don’t mind, you know?” Dean says low enough that only Cas can hear him.
Dean nodded, just once, but it was enough for his brother to know that he meant it wholeheartedly, that whatever was going on between them was serious. Dean cleared his throat and said, “he bought a ring. I, hmm, saw it in his bank statements… He’s going to ask me to marry him.”
Stewing in guilt over the whole thing, Cas takes a seat by the piano and plays with the hem of his shirt. Gabe was just trying to protect him, of course he was, that’s all he’s ever done.
“Of course I did, how could I forget one of the best days of my life?”
When Gabriel asks how the prank went during lunch, Castiel blushes automatically. He feels dirty and stupidly fears Gabe will be able to read his mind and find out about everything that happened. It’s one thing to fancy Dean in private, in
their home but Cas doesn’t want to be guilty of triggering depression on someone who is in a vulnerable state of mind. He’ll have to convince the brothers, then, and then have them convince their father. Dean, especially, since Cas also has a moral impediment when it comes to messing with Sam too much as he is four years younger than the witch. The brothers seem close enough that Sam would follow his older brother out of town anyway, as Castiel would follow Gabriel if he left, so all Cas needs to do is focus on Dean Winchester, get
It looks like it pains him to admit it, but Cas replies with a simple, dry, “no.”
mine.”
“I know,” Dean agreed with a vague smile. He held Cas impossibly close, wanting to feel every inch of his own skin against the angel’s. “Everything with you is awesome.”
“What are you talking about? I’ve never-”
The tequila making Dean feel braver, he places a hand on Novak's shoulder and starts leading him through the crowded party. In just the brief walk from their table to the stairs they have to push their way through drunk people and couples making out. Dean sees at least 3 girls he slept with and keeps his eyes looking straight forward, pretending he hasn't seen them.
, Dean, I thought- I
“Dean looks like he can handle himself. Besides, what do you suggest we do, Charlie? Tell the new kid the only person who’s talking to him only wants to use him to get back at his ex?” Castiel responds, barely making an effort not to slur his words which are muffled against his arm. “Be my guest.”
they be together? They
“And what did you tell him?”
"Oh, come on, Dean. Forget about what I said in court, it was a long time ago. I always destroy all my clients, it's nothing personal,” she says while she follows Dean to the kitchen.
His hands flying to his head, Dean exclaims, “how do you not believe me! He’s
From his place in the bed, Castiel’s eyes roam Dean’s body with eagerness, like a thirsty man lost in the desert looks down at a pond of water, licking his lips with desire. Dean is distracted, drying his hair with a towel as he stands naked in front of the drawer, looking for underwear. The toned muscles in the hunter’s legs looks strong and masculine, something the angel will never get enough of. And his ass… Cas can’t get enough of that ass.
“What the hell was that?” he asks, an edge of panic in his voice, when he
“Sabnack?” Castiel offers.
“Hey!” his friend complains, rising on his elbows.
Balthazar copied his sister’s position and closed his eyes too.
Cas sighs. “Dean, I’m so sorry about that. I overreacted.”
“Mary!”
An uncomfortable feeling started crawling up his spine. He hoped he was wrong, but...
"You know you don't have to watch him the
“Okay…” John, despite being very confused, is trying hard to be understanding, Dean can see that. “So, we can just go another time, Dean. You don’t have to skip school for that.”
, and knowing Balthazar didn't know his grandfather was dead in this universe, the minute Sam opened his mouth to speak, he interrupted him. "But then how you beat Raphael?"
. Dean noticed and the tiniest of smug smirks found its way to his lips.
powerful beings. The combination of the human soul and angelic grace… It’s too much, all packed up inside a child. They could destroy an entire city by accident. It’s like a baby with the energy of an atomic bomb within them. If you mistreat the baby and they go off, they don’t just cry; they can kill everyone around them.”
to be, it’ll be simply because it’s the right time and nothing else. And as much as I would love to do just about anything with you, Dean, I’ve just pulled one of my ribs back into place, I’m really not in the mood.”
“I know you had to settle with me but I— it’s not going be like that between us, Dean. I won’t have you having some other woman on the side.”
“I’ll do it too,” Nithael, the angel Balthazar had saved, said as he too took a step forwards. “That boy saved me. I owe him.”
was the father of the children. Now there was absolutely no space for mistakes, misunderstandings- no,
Bobby nodded and Dean felt like he was going against the forces of nature as he left.
“Look, just trust me, alright? Dad put me in charge, remember? We’ll go shopping, get some food, if you’re good I’ll let you take some toys. But let’s just go, yes?” Mary extended a hand in invitation.
“Actually, he left,” Cas said from the table.
family. I just don’t
Mary walking down the hallway until she stood in the door she knew belonged to the bedroom their parents shared when they stayed in the bunker. She knocked, waited for a moment, and opened the door even though she hadn’t been invited.
Please note there are mentions of self-harm in this chapter and although they’re not related to mental health problems such as, for example, depression, if it is triggering for you, let me know and I will edit the chapter for you and send it to you.
Cas hesitated but he knew Balthazar was right. He wanted with all his might to return to his baby daughter, to
be opened.
under the sheets?” she groans, wrinkling the bridge of her nose in disgust as she remembers that day. She never wants to think about that expression on Dean’s face again.
Balthazar grinned from ear to ear. “You remembered!”
The next day they’re at it again, Cas’ place this time. Novak invites him over for dinner (which is practically cooked by Dean) to tell him that he’ll be travelling to a Conference starting that same Friday for a week. Something drops inside Dean’s stomach; he only has Cas for a little over two more weeks and he’s going to lose 7 entire days of his dom during that time?
BUT I AM BACKKK
Instantly, the blood rises to his cheeks. He sees himself again in bed, his legs tangled with Dean’s and the sheets. He feels Dean’s naked, warm skin on his, feels his breath on his face. Sees the love in his eyes. He remembers feeling like he had everything he’d ever wanted. A home, a family, a sense of belonging, someone by his side that would never leave him, no matter what. Dean loved him dearly, fiercely. And Cas was no longer powerful, there was not a shred of magic left in him, but he felt like he was on the top of the world nonetheless.
“Oh,” Dean’s face fell. It was stupid to feel somehow disappointed, but he’d been expecting a whole other kind of conversation. He tried to compose his face quickly. “Well, Cas, the letter said to give it to them if their parents never came back for them. If you ask me, it’s probably some kind of bittersweet goodbye. The kids don’t need that right now. Hopefully, they’ll never need to read it at all.”
“Where? What are you talking about? What are you guys doing here?”
“You!” he hissed as he watched his brother with disgust. “How could you? You lied to me- to
“Keep walking,” Sam said, gently pushing her forwards towards the kitchen, “this isn’t even the weirdest we’ve seen.”
“Because you’re not a
Dean couldn’t look up at Sam in the eyes. He looked afflicted, in a way he never did when they spoke on the phone. He fidgeted with the small package of sugar on his hand for a moment, before he finally ripped it open and dumped all of it on his cup of coffee. Then he took a deep breath and finally met his brother’s gaze.
“I—I wasn’t expecting that.”
He’s relieved, to be honest. If the worst they’re going to do is cut his arm and try to summon a demon, great. He should be out of there in five minutes, when the jerks realize that there are no such things as demons.
Dean hadn’t responded to that because he was battling an answer with himself. He wanted so desperately to say he didn’t want it, to end the drama there and then and go on like before, but it would have been a lie. Yet he hadn’t been able to say yes because Castiel would have probably kissed him if he had, and he wasn’t ready for that. He needed to mentally prepare for that.
in the Novaks’ too. Remember what mom wrote? That Castiel has something that she’s scared of, that made her afraid to let me play with him? Maybe that’s what he’s hiding, maybe there’s something about him that’s, I don’t know, dangerous in some way? And maybe he’s afraid I’ll find out because mom knew?”
"I meant it as a compliment," she added quickly with a smile and all but melted when Sam looked up with hopeful, puppy eyes. "My dad always used to say I should take it as a compliment when people told me I was weird at school. They never meant it that way, of course. But he said if I was normal, I’d be just like them, and that he loved that I wasn’t. I- I guess it's nice to know he's in Heaven now, for real. I wonder what memories of us he's reliving."
Pamela and Elizabeth orderly lay the coats that were on the closet on the back of the couch and pile up whatever was on the sides and the floor in a corner of the entrance. When the closet has been emptied, Elizabeth makes a quick escape towards the kitchen and in a second she’s back with a flashlight that she leaves standing up, pointing towards the ceiling, inside the closet.
"Papa," Mary started curiously. She felt slightly weird calling this Castiel 'papa', but calling him by his name would be even weirder. "I was wondering... You know where our universes went different ways, don't you?"
“Mary, please make sure Balthazar eats his vegetables,” he instructed in a soft voice while he put Zeppelin down in his high chair. Mary nodded but didn’t bother responding before Cas walked out of the room too. Once in the war room, he asked, “so, what are we dealing with?”
“Baltz!”
“Oh, I’m much better, thank you.”
As Dean walks past him, he gives Castiel’s shoulder an encouraging tap. “Come on, man, I don’t bite.”
“Well, son, with that attitude of course it wasn’t going to work,” his father counters, an edge of disapproval and annoyance in his words. “The spell calls for a friend’s aid. If you don’t see them as your friends you can’t channel the proper energy.”
, he told himself.
remember our bet, don’t you?”
per se, Novaks don’t get scared easily, but he is righteously concerned. There’s something out there that’s out to get him, something that only went away because it got interrupted. That
“No… I came to cure her. She had something weird on her head,” he explained. Little did he know Mayuri actually had cancer and was supposed to die, her mother had only recently taken her to the doctor because the child had constant headaches, but they wouldn’t have found it in time.
The memory of the anger in John’s eyes still sends shivers down Dean’s spine.
“Either that, or we sleep in the rain, Baltz,” Mary warned him.
But Dean watched from afar and felt a heavy, warm weight in his chest accompanied by an uncomfortable tingling sensation that spread from his core to the very tip of his fingers and was deafening at times, though he remained quiet and secretly preoccupied, forcing affectionate smiles when Balthazar turned to him expecting to see a proud look on his father’s face.
“It’s okay, it wasn’t your fault,” the kids’ father said as he eased his baby boy back to sleep.
to do the work today.”
“Cas-”
His smile doesn’t last long though, the next moment he is shifting in his seat, frowning with discomfort with a hand over his stomach. He makes no comment about it but Dean catches it from the corner of his eye. He’s seen Cas do this a few times already throughout the day.
"More human, less robot, Cas," Dean instructed , suppressing laughter as he watched the angel's every moment with attention and affection in his eyes.
Balthazar grabbed her arm and healed her… But it didn’t work. He tried, over and over again, but the magic of the angel blade wouldn’t allow the wound to heal.
He wished so hard he could just disappear and not be his ugly, cursed self anymore. He could wish he could just drive away from his problems, drive away from Castiel.
“Please, don’t be angry, Dean!” Cas begs in a hurry. “I didn’t
"Yes, it's a he, so?"
“Dad!” Mary cried and ran towards her father, who felt on his knees on the floor and opened his arms for her. Balthazar was behind his sister just a second later.
a jerk who starts fights out of nowhere just for the sake of it, just because he can, because he is a good fighter and he doesn’t care what his reputation is like since his family moves around a lot.
The girl nodded and climbed into bed next to a very moody Balthazar, who laid with his arms folded over his chest, his back against the headboard.
Dean nods. “I mean, the shop is good money, it pays the bills… But it didn’t hurt to also get paid by the FBI.”
The effort he has to make to look up into Castiel’s eyes, in beyond him. Cas tries to maintain the best poker face he can produce, try to hide his disappointment, and nods. After all, it’s true; it’s very late and Dean is only human. Even Cas is tired.
“Small price to pay for having your family back, wouldn’t you say, Cas?”
"Did it ever happen to you?" Castiel asks him, tilting his head slightly to the side to look at Dean from the corner of his eye. His cheeks are glistening with tears. Dean's silence is enough of an answer. "Yeah, I didn't think so..."
“Go to sleep, baby bro. I’ll keep an eye on you.”
“You’ll be my heaven, you know that, don’t you?” Dean asked, his voice low as he struggled to speak through the lump in his throat.
“I’m crying because I’m
not to be a good boy all the time, to be able to let go and welcome a side of him he’d kept repressed his entire life. The power that runs through his veins when he gives in is addictive. He’s spiralling and he doesn’t know whether he wants to go down that path or not, if it’s right or wrong. He doesn’t even
The woman looked around, confused; this town wasn’t a place of seismic activity.
“Go,” Mary pushed her brother away. “He- he can’t fly. Go.
she, in exchange for nothing?
. Aren't you?"
. I have school and jobs and I am
mean?” Gabe shakes his head at him like he’s an idiot. “Now get out there and don’t forget to close this door,” he adds, knocking on the wood of the secret door leading into their little library with the back of his fingers.
“I- I’ve gotta- other tables- you know,
Mary hesitated. She didn’t want to fight the man. “But you’ve got to swear you won’t tell anybody about us! We’re not supposed to use our powers in front of humans,” she gave Baltz a reproachful look. It’s not that she didn’t want the boy to help strangers, but they were in quite a predicament themselves, and Mary needed to keep her brothers’ and her own presence in the down low. The last thing she needed was to bring attention to themselves and have a hunter -or worse, some kind of evil supernatural creature- looking for them.
“Thank you, Mary,” he whispered before he pressed his lips to her forehead.
A couple of years later, Dean experiences his first rut. He had kind of seen it coming, if he was honest with himself, but it didn't make the change any easier. He had been growing a lot, he was taller and bigger, stronger. His temper sometimes was becoming harder to control, when he felt he needed to protect his loved ones, and he found himself feeling curious about physical desires. But nothing prepared him for the last powerful hit of hormones. It was a long night of sweating and feeling rather out of control. All his feelings and sensations felt intensified, overwhelming. For once John was there for his son, trying to comfort him, to guide him through the experience.
The older Winchester sat there wondering what the angel’s wings looked like. He had, very dumbly, always imagined them white, as in every portrait of angels he’d ever seen. He hadn’t at all expected them to be dark.
, with someone else had put him in a terrible mood for days, he could not even begin to imagine how he would had reacted if Cas had suddenly turned up with a ring in his finger. Learning he was the father of the children had been surprising and terrifying in a whole different way, but deep down, Dean couldn't deny he had been somehow
Balthazar shifted in his seat. He didn’t want to cave in, didn’t want to leave Mary alone through the night. Exhausted as she was, her sister was unprotected while her grace struggled to heal, and he felt unsafe too without her. After all, Mary had said the police weren’t their friends. No one was their friend in this universe, apparently. The boy kept looking around at everyone he saw, half expecting other kinds of creatures to walk into the room at any moment. What if other unfriendly angels found them? He felt terribly
The boy looked up from his brother and sighed. “I can’t tell you.”
Sam rolled his eyes and shook his head, much like he’d done earlier at the diner. The more they talked, the more convinced he was he had to find the mother before Castiel and Dean did. The angel still seemed dangerously prone to murder, and Sam wouldn’t have it.
Billie extends her hand in his direction as Castiel wipes his tears with the back of his hand, ready and all too happy to get this all over with and put it in the past, to go back to the natural order of things.
“We’ve stopped twice already, Balthazar,” Mary pointed out and kept going, even though she too wanted to stop and rest. Zeppelin was fidgety and it was bad enough dealing with his baby brother, carrying him for hours, she wasn’t going to bear carrying Balthazar as well. “We’re close, I promise.”
The kids didn’t fly much, they weren’t very good at it. Their grace was timeless, ageless, and came to be fully grown while their bodies and minds where still developing. It was hard to coordinate their wings in synchronisation with their relatively weaker human bodies. Balthazar wasn’t very coordinated even with his human body alone. Mary could fly a couple of kilometres at a time, no more, and it left her feeling weird in the stomach, while her brother only managed to fly across a couple of short meters and he usually ended up throwing up right after he landed. With her wing injured, Mary thought she’d rather not risk it; Balthazar would have to take one for the team.
He finds out in the morning that Dean is, technically, still alive, but very much dead too. He lays in a hospital bed, brain dead, while the doctors wait for permission to pull the plug, let him die. Very much against the advice of his family, he flies with their son to see him one last time. His mother doesn’t think he should go, let alone take the pup, but he has to, he has to say goodbye and so does his son, so Sam offers to go with him.
Cas smiles and nods. “All good.”
He looks at the angel with hopeful, green eyes and Cas wants to melt in them. Dean’s soul is so hungry for reassurance that this was real, that this new bond between them isn’t just going to do away, that Cas can’t find it in himself to pull away and succumb into despair. He interlocks their fingers together instead, welcoming the warmth of Dean’s touch again.
. Or bisexual, whatever. That was something Sam would have never expected, Dean had never so much as suggested he was interested in men, but now all the staring at Cas made a lot of sense, after all. Had he not done something very similar, Sam would be angry at Dean for letting something as stupid as labels keep him from being happy.
“It’s okay, we’ll meet again,” the boy said with absolute certainty… And he was right. Mayuri would never forget him, or his confession on what he really was, or the fact that he had saved her, and the girl would spend years trying find him. Eventually, she’d find Dean, who would lead her to Balthazar, and after that, the rest was history. Love was an unstoppable force, even across universes, and those two were just meant for each other.
, Dean thinks. He’s sort of used to it by now but he can’t imagine what Lisa must be going through with all those people waiting outside her house waiting for something to happen. The way the media describes Lisa is all but kind. She’s become a pariah, a homewrecker, a threat to the stability of the entire country and Dean can’t help but feel sorry for her. For old times sake, because he really liked her even though they were never in love, he wants to reach out and make sure she’s okay.
What Dean doesn’t know is that Castiel is avoiding his friends too. He’s been officially grounded by Gabriel for torturing three people so he couldn't see his friends outside of school even if he wanted to. At school, he just avoids meeting their eyes and has lunch by himself in the classroom. He knows that because he can’t provide proper answers to his friends’ questions, they’ll side with Dean when it comes to the events of last Saturday night. Dean, who is so friendly and fantastic and amazing and drives them to parties and can do no wrong. Cas doesn’t have the patience or the will to deal with his friends, so he stays away from them for the entire week. He’s got more important things to take care of anyway, like finding a way to take the key from Dean.
Dean’s eager nodding endears his boyfriend, who cannot help but chuckle and give Dean a loving look that has his heart skipping a bit. Cas moves his hands so that the tip of his fingers touch Dean’s temple at either side and he closes his eyes, indicating Dean to do the same.
angel of the Lord. He didn’t consider himself
Castiel waves his hand dismissively and says, “she won’t remember a thing.”
“I-know-what-you-said,” Dean blurts out quickly, barely leaving space between the words.
“Damn,” Pamela blinks a couple of times, stunned. “And there I went thinking I was the sluttiest in the group. You've put me to shame.”
“You let me know if you want me to stop,” Dean whispers against Castiel’s mouth as he positions himself at the entrance of the angel’s most intimate place
“Why?” he asked before he could stop himself, the back on his hands tenderly trailing down Castiel’s wings again. It was so unlike Dean, but he could see Cas closing his eyes, taking a deep breath, and he fucking
"Exactly, they popped out of
“You don’t have to worry about a thing, Mary, we’ve got it under control, okay?”
Dean turns to Cas with a mocking, forced smile on his face. "I hate her."
“Sure, Cas.”
He has a good point Castiel thinks and it’s only now that he realizes how reckless it was to summon a King without conducting a proper and thorough research beforehand. Magic born out of impulse is always dangerous, Gabe taught him when he was a kid. Planning and research were key points of safely performed magic. Purson could be angry by his insolent request; who was he to just disturb a demon
“Are you okay?” he asked Carl. It was a rather stupid question, he knew it, and in response, Carl just looked up at him with a completely stunned face. “Cas, do you think you could fix him up?” Dean pointed at the bruises around Carl’s neck and in his face.
“What do you mean?”
Cas packed a bag full of baby stuff while Dean packed the kids’ tooth brushes, some clothes and a couple of Balthazar’s toys. Dean returned to Cas’ room to find him changing Zep into a new diaper and onesie, to spare Josie from having to change the baby for a little while. The man closed the door behind him, crossed the space between them and kissed Cas hard on the mount for a moment. The angel stood with his eyes opened, surprised, before he closed his eyes and gave into the kiss. But just as quickly, it was over, and Dean was pulling away. He looked worried-
But it
“Cause I say so, Balthazar,” Dean threw back at him, a little too harshly. He felt bad the moment he said it, but he was in a really bad mood and the words came out before he
“And then?”
After class, he finds Castiel once again waiting for him outside the classroom. Dean takes the bouquet of flowers without saying a word, completely ignoring Benny when he asks him a little more seriously this time if Castiel is his boyfriend or something, and heads straight towards his brother’s apartment. Sam is the smartest person Dean knows and the one he trusts the most, if someone can help him it’s got to be him. He also studied Latin during his first years of college so that will come in handy to cast the spell needed to send Castiel back to whatever abyss he crawled out of. On his way, Dean leaves what in retrospect must be a rather alarming message in his voicemail…
“I’m se-”
They pull away from each other, still holding one another, both crying and laughing, overjoyed to be once more reunited after so long.
Dean shakes his head. “No, dumbass, I mean the redhead you brought.”
“I'm not very good at this,” he replies, rubbing the back of his neck while he gives her an apologetic look that doesn't match the interest in her eyes. If he is even aware she is flirting with him, Castiel doesn't seem interested, which makes Dean oddly proud of being the only one he seems to be interested in. “How about you go again instead?”
"No, thank you," Cas answered from the library. Dean waited for his brother's answer, but none came.
Dean sighed, trying to let the best side of him take over. “Cas,” he spoke more firmly, reaching over to squeeze the angel’s shoulder gently. “Are you okay?”
“Of course it’s not!” he protests, although truthfully his heart is agitated with doubt.
Her eyes quickly study him, more in detail this time. Her hands reach out to touch him and Cas inhales sharply, waiting to feel her fingertips in his face. When she touches him, he feels nothing but a strange shiver running down his spine and it breaks his heart a million times over. He’s going to have to wait longer to get a hug from her, but this… seeing her happy and free… it’ll have to be enough for now.
“You’ve no idea how thankful I am, Dean. We both are, right, Jack?”
“I guess… But, wait, hold up!” Dean clears his throat, averting his eyes because
Bobby showed him the way to a small room with two tables, a couple of chairs, a large leather couch and an old, kind of smelly armchair. Cas had let himself fall in the couch, leaning forwards with his elbows on his knees, hands on his head.
Balthazar crawled up to the bed and laid beside her. He knew exactly how she felt, so he grabbed her hand and laid with her in silence for a moment. Eventually, Mary sighed and took the headphones off. She felt rather embarrassed for ther previous outburst and was still too upset to join the others and pretend everything was okay, but she’d barely had any breakfast and she was starving now.
In complete shock, Cas just stands there as Dean’s hands cup his face. His eyes aren’t even close. He looks at Dean, whose eyes
Again, Dean is lost of words, unable to explain the situation without sharing secrets he’s not willing to reveal. What
be like to leave, to say goodbye, who knew for how long. Maybe forever
A smile pulls at the corner of her lips. She bows her head and in a lower tone says, “I agree. I do not appreciate deviations from the natural order. I think it’s time to set things right.”
“Aren’t we?” Mary asked, shifting nervously in her seat. Wasn't that the whole point of staying at Bobby's?
“Your mother made a spell when you were born, she named you after an angel which means Heaven has a claim on your soul. Despite the darkness in you, because your sacrifice was selfless and you’ve already been promised to Heaven, if you pay with your life I will hand you over to the angel Castiel, who will lead you through the gates of Heaven where you shall rest in peace. There you will be joined by your loved ones, eventually, when their time comes. I assure you you will feel no pain, no longing while you wait for them. You will live in constant bliss, reliving the best moments of your life.”
Because Dean has the fucking key and he still hasn’t found a way to convince him to give it up.
He’s frozen in place, watching the stranger wait for him to react, but Castiel simply stands there helplessly praying the intruder will get bewitched any moment now and they will feel a compelling need to escape these grounds. Instead of that, he starts to open the gates himself, something which no mortal should be able to do because they should be locked for them as if the Novaks would have turned a key on them.
“His first crush,” Dean laughs under his breath. He’s going to tease the hell out of his brother but he can’t help but find it really cute too.
best pies in the entire galaxy, the alley on the back of the movie theatre where Dean kissed a girl for the first time, the spot where teenagers go to make out by the river…
. Do you not remember Dean at all? You two were joint at the hip. You used to say Mary Winchester was your second mom.”
“Okay- Okay, then
Gustave Dore - The Vision of the Valley of Dry Bones
“But we agreed we wouldn’t, alright?” Dean stood up and positioned himself between the two of them, shooting warning glances in both directions. “We’re going to find a way to avoid killing anybody,” Dean looked in Cas’ direction, and then at his brother, “and we’re going to help Cas find the mother before the baby’s born.”
“Hey, is Hell real?”
"She's in the garden," she replies faintly, pointing an ghostly pale hand towards the back of the house, "and he's in Hell."
are the family he knows,” Sam argues. The level of his voice is still composed, but there’s definitely a meaner tone to it now.
A fat tears rolls down his face. This time Cas doesn’t even bother wiping it away. He sniffles as Dean’s eyes follow the trail of the tear, all the way down to Castiel’s jaw, where it is suspended for a moment before it falls onto his lap. He knows better than to try to reach forwards and touch Castiel right now. He wants to tell Cas that he is wrong, that he
“What else is there, Baltz?”
Or at least that’s what he’d told himself for years.
"Sam?"
Trying to keep a straight face and a cool demeanour, Dean replies a more dry, “heya, Cas.”
them to hear, and is quite embarrassed for how loud he can get sometimes, but Dean knows how to push Castiel’s buttons to get him to break and cry out his boyfriend’s name pornographically when otherwise he'd try to keep quiet, the usually shy, good boy he is.
Enjoy, guys. Thanks for reading and for your messages / kudos <3
“Maybe next time?” Cas offers.
ALSO, my nephew was born, yay!
"You don't have to think anymore, you can fuck me now. Please?"
"Well, they are all different,” Cas explains, “but yes, you could get invited to an orgy or a gang bang, or simply to watch other people. There is a pre-party, we hang out for a while like you would at any bar, then whoever is on the mood goes down to the dungeons."
Dean’s boyfriend and there they are, stuck in a sort of awkward, kind of tense friend zone. Things are fine between them, they really are. Cas has grown to be a very close friend of his. There’s practically nothing Dean wouldn’t tell him and they’re both perfectly comfortable with each other, spending time together multiple times a week after school either to study together, research spells in the bunker or hang out with their friends. Dean is really grateful to finally have this with Castiel, he’s more than glad to have left the drama behind but it's also obvious that there’s still
“It’s true, then?” an angel in a woman’s vessel asked, stepping forwards. “You can cure graces?”
“Really?” Mary said, looking down at the pie. It smelled wonderful and it looked just as great.
Because he would feel terribly lonesome without the support of the hunters…
at one point. The first time Dean freezes and feels
"It's like they were living under a rock and suddenly they decided to see daylight," Dean commented as he worked on his breakfast eagerly.
“Sure, I’ll email you the coordinates as soon as I get to the station.”
She doesn't need to say a thing to answer his question, Dean can read it in her face the moment he says their names. The sadness in her fragile, pale features is evident. She retreats into herself, taking a step back as she turns away from him. It was the wrong thing to ask he realises, but this is what he came for.
are satanists.”
“And you’re coming with me. Come
The two of them convince Castiel’s mum to let him go back to school when they're 10. She is unsure, but her son begs and begs and Dean vows to look after him, to help him and to also protect him. It’s becoming more and more obvious as the years go by that Cas is an Omega, much as that frightens his mother, but Dean will clearly be an Alpha, and there’s just no one better to look after the boy than him, so after a while she agrees. She loves Dean like he's her own son.
“It’s
“Cas…” he didn’t know where to start as he turned slowly in his seat.
His brother turns around then, face full of rage for getting blamed. “Because I never thought you’d be stupid enough to summon a demon, for Satan’s sake! Without even checking with me first!”
Mary had in fact said. “She said, hmm… She said we’re in another planet. She said… It looks the same but- but different things happen. Like, my grandpa’s house burnt down,” he gave her a look like it was the worst piece of information possible. He had been wondering where the hell his grandfather lived if not at his old house.
Hope you like this one.
Sam lifts an eyebrow. He’s not too tired to pull a bitch face. “How could it possibly be the house, Dean? It’s just a house.”
Byron looked down at the unconscious boy and sighed. “Maybe we just should just kill them now, while they’re both unconscious. It’d be easier to steal their powers now.”
should have a peaceful night, if not him, so he decides to wait for the next day before talking to his brother.
Blushing hard, he quickly pushed those stupid, completely uninvited and unfunded ideas aside.
Castiel can feel the magic working, binding Gabe to his promise, stripping him of a choice if Cas’ fears become true. If danger comes knocking at their door, Gabriel will have to follow Castiel’s orders or die. It’s a terrible weight Cas would rather live without but the blood spell can’t be undone.
“You’re seeing a guy with a kid?” Sam asks, his expression softening. Dean can almost hear him thinking about Jack, can see the pity in his eyes and he hates it. He knows there’s an upcoming lecture about how it might not be good for him to see someone with a child.
her to test her child if she doesn't want to.”
“It’s not. It’s right where it was before. You’ll get used to it, I promise. Come on, let’s do it again.”
They looked at each other for a moment and Dean almost felt sorry for her. “You really care about him, don’t you?”
“You do age well, Dean,” Cas nods in agreement.
When they finally reach the stairs, Dean helps himself up with the railing, paying attention to every step he takes, his other still firmly holding on to Castiel, who marches in front of him like he didn't just had a full glass of tequila.
“Cas! Are you alright?” he kneels in front of his friend on the floor, and cups his beaten-up face in his hands. “I’m so sorry I’m late, I should have-”
but Dean is lost for words, stammering incoherently, living his worst nightmare…
At least until he sees Castiel.
, if it’ll be worth living that life when he won’t be essentially himself anymore. What if he turns into a monster, into what Satan had intended him to be? When he befriended Dean and made a choice to be good, the nightmares about the apocalypse stopped but he fears that without his moral compass, the devil will finally get what he wanted out of Castiel. What if he hurts people? Could he find a way to fight that side of him, even with the light gone? His entire family belongs to the dark and they’re not
it?” he gulps, blushing hard. He scans Dean’s body as if he could see him wearing the women’s underwear by sheer will.
“Good morning, m’boy,” Dean greeted him in a sweet voice, reaching for the baby out of instinct. He stopped for a second to look at the angel he passed the baby to him. He smiled at Cas, a shy small ghost of a grin, and the angel stared at him back with suspicion and confusion as he sat down before his expression softened.
“You’ve never been stupid,” Castiel tells him, his tone reflecting just as much anger as his face, “so don’t ask stupid questions.”
“Your father is very weak at the moment but is also a very powerful witch. He will recover, eventually, if his allies play their cards right.”
Dean begs with himself.
As Mary’s grace begun to expand, Cas kept a close eye on it as the conversation continued.
Out there in the middle of nowhere, the children looked up to a sky that seemed completely different from the one at home, where cities lights partially hid its beauty, their grandfather's creation.
The angel panted like he'd run a mile and then curled up in pain. His injuries were still severe, but no longer lethal. He looked around with confusion until he laid eyes on the boy. He could feel his energy now being a part of him. As the graces melted together, it became more his than Balthazar’s but his touch was still raw, like  fresh bruise before it dissolves into pink skin again.
, Dean.”
It’s his treacherous conscience that tells Dean to be nice while he can, almost as if there was an actual way to make up for what he’s going to do to Castiel, so against his better judgement he finds himself making offerings he’d be better off not committing too. He’s fraternizing with the enemy, basically. “I don’t have to work tomorrow,” the words come out of his mouth before he can stop himself, “so if you let me study in the morning, we can have a Star Wars marathon in the afternoon, whatcha think?”
are, inside, no matter where you come from. You’re kind and caring, smart and just- just
“We can postpone it, Dean,” Cas tries to comfort him. “We can still go to college together.”
The words were like a slap to Dean's and Castiel's faces and both remained completely silent for a moment, too hurt to think of what to reply.
Dean stares back at her, a little confused. Last time they talked she broke up with her because he was ‘emotionally unavailable’ and ‘immature’. It wasn’t the nicest of conversations, although Dean doesn’t believe she was precisely wrong… Still, he wouldn’t say they parted ways as friends, so the friendly interaction catches him by surprise.
“You don’t have to do it,” the children’s real father said, “I can-”
stab in the upper left part of his chest. This ugly, hollow noise comes out of his mouth and then he coughs blood right into Dean’s face.
Dean closed the computer with unnecessary force, teeth clenching as he fought back tears. He decided he needed alcohol that night, and on his way to the kitchen he caught sight of Cas in Balthazar’s room, his back against the headboard. He had an arm around the boy and Zep was comfortably seated on his lap. He could hear his grave voice as he read some sweet story about a bear to his boys. He wanted to join in so badly, to lay next to Cas and just listen to the sound of his voice, but the angel was upset with him and would probably not welcome him right now. He wished he could at stay there, watching them, because this beautiful sight wasn’t going to last much longer, but he wasn’t a creep, so he moved on. It wasn’t the time or place to talk to Cas and he was barely keeping himself together anyway. He took two beers from the fridge before making his way back to his bedroom.
Dean holds his head in his hands and start to hyperventilate. “Where the hell are my books, Cas?” he growls.
“Hi,” she said shyly, a little taken aback by the large group before her.
"You're not a bad father," Dean can't believe he is hearing himself say but apparently he is, using that calm and kind tone he always uses with concern parents at the hospital. "It could have happened to anyone. You didn't know. These things happen all the time with kids."
There’s a brief silence and Cas wonders if his friends are noticing the same things he is.
Sam sighed and stopped cutting the vegetables. There was no point saying he was fine, and frankly he had no intentions of dancing around the matter any longer, so now they were alone, Sam needed to talk. He needed to say something, for his sake and for Dean's.
“Who?” Castiel asks, his frown deepening as he tilts his head to the side. It makes Dean smile, he looks…
, and it doesn’t bother you that he broke in? We should call the police, to teach him a lesson.”
They also still practise baseball on Dean’s backyard. For obvious reasons, Castiel doesn’t bat anymore but he does throw.
about your husband?”
GIF sources (tumblr users and plain old google): bilosan ; justjensenanddean ; bringmesomepie56 ; thewinchesterdaily ; missarchiecookie ; sooper-dee-dooper-natural ; magneticcas ; mrsfitzgerald
Dean couldn’t look at Cas while he waited for an answer, but it wasn’t necessary, he could feel the angel’s eyes on the back of his neck. He had the feeling that if the angel were able to fly away to avoid giving him an answer, he would, just like he used to do. Although he was sorry for the state his friend’s wings were in, he didn’t miss Castiel bailing on a conversation when he didn’t like the direction it took.
“Did he send something for me?” Mary asked, sitting in the edge if her chair.
The next time he sees Castiel, it’s Friday and Dean is out of work early, so he goes to Castiel’s, relieves the nanny and starts making pizza for the three of them. Cas has no problem leaving Dean with his son instead of the nanny for longer periods of time, since his new friend has proven not to plan to kidnap his son any time soon. He has a very nice time with Jack, making a whole show of throwing the pizza dough into the air a couple of times, which the toddler finds utterly hilarious.
“You really think we're just gonna get everything we've ever wanted if we wish for it really, really hard?” Dean asked with a mocking edge in his voice, then scoffed. “You think we are free to take whatever we want? After everything we've done?”
Still, as he finds himself lowering his expectations, he can’t help but want to mourn them, his desires, his hopes. It’s only been a week but it’s plain to see this town doesn’t want him. Maybe he’s being dramatic, judging too soon, but he allows himself to feel this way for now, to stop pretending everything’s cool as a cucumber. It’s not, not right now, and he doesn’t want to go back into the building where people will continue to passive aggressively ignore him.
“Good to see you again, baby bro,” he greeted Cas with that half-smile of his.
Instantly, Castiel blushes and checks the room to see if Gabe is around; thankfully, he’s not.
Of course, on the top of the list of possibilities, was travelling all the way back home. Then, she still had Jessie, her best-friend, in mind, and she could try uncle Sam’s home too, but she’d have to go all the way back to Lawrence for either of these first three options, and she knew that was at least one State away. In the other hand, the only other option she could think of was the Men of Letter's bunker, and that was also in Kansas. She’d lived there for a short period of time during her childhood, right after her parents discovered its existence until a couple of years before Balthazar was born, when Dean decided he wanted his children to live in a place slightly homier and less dangerous; the bunker was, after all, full of old, magical artefacts that could be potentially dangerous for children, grace or no grace, and Mary had reached that age in which she ran all over the place, opened all doors and played with anything she could get her hands on. Also, it wasn’t exactly a place where Mary could have friends over when she started school.
But he knows. He will always know. Cas saved his life, yet again. Selflessly, without expecting or asking for anything in return.
Dean would laugh but he’s too drugged and can barely pull his lips into a smile. He opens his mouth to ask something but finds his throat dry and hoarse.
“I don’t want to leave you!”
And then he sees it, the church and his friends and his brother and Dean holding his hands at the altar. Dean’s radiant face, like all his dreams are coming true. He sees them moving into their first house, boxes everywhere, stopping to make out on the couch, the only surface free of stuff. He sees Dean getting down on his knees and pulling his husband’s pants down, going down on him like his life depends on it. He sees the devotion, the love, the hunger Dean has for him. He sees both of them getting drunk with each other’s love, their feelings for one another stronger and more intense than any magic Castiel’s ever felt. He sees life with Dean, the life he could have if he stops reaching for the key.
“Of course, the birthday boy always picks the movie.”
Despite the jokes he has to endure and the weight of keeping Castiel a secret from everybody, Dean feels  calmer. He can sleep, he can concentrate better in his studies. He feels lighter, like a weight has been lifted off his shoulders, even though he's still anxious about what's coming soon, though not in a bad way. He's... curious, if not a little impatient.
Castiel bites his lower lip, smiling to himself like a madman. He looks away, out the window again, and Dean just doesn’t know what to do, what to say. Cas finds himself unconsciously playing with his wedding ring, twisting it nervously around his finger. He stops when he catches himself doing it.
“Bela. Study partner,” Dean replies, holding the cookies between his side and his arm while he grabs the glasses of water with his hands. “Why?”
Castiel allows Dean to press him against the wall, and calmly makes a summary of the situation. “My brother Gabriel found me, Dean. He meant no harm to us, but it was a matter of time until the rest of the family found me too. He came up with a plan, a good one, that Sam agreed to help with. We staged my death, planned it carefully. Sam sent Jack and Jess away to see her parents so they’d be out of the way, and Gabe tipped off Lucifer’s men on my whereabouts through other people, so it’d look believable. He was there with me when they came, helped me… helped me take them down. Those three bodies, that was them.”
“Did we just... see a
Dean and Cas are laying on the bed that night, a little sweaty from sex and recovering their breaths. They do it everyday, at least once. They were usually very sexually active, but not like this. Dean can’t help but lose it when he kisses Castiel too deeply. There’s always an urgency in his touches, like it might be the last time he’ll be able to do it. As the days pass, it gets worse and worse.
Charles, who had also noticed his son’s reaction, suddenly splashes water in his eldest’s face. He gives Micheal a small smile and a pointed look, like a parent that tries to convince the oldest kid not to be mad at the youngest.
“How’d you end up in the hospital?” Dean asks.
just dreams, they’re warning, Gabe. Something’s coming.”
memories. Even if you can’t quite remember. Every time you open the box it’ll show you something different. Well, it’ll probably have to repeat memories at some point—humans only have so many memories, your lives are short... But it’ll show you something nice each time you open it.”
“I know. Get in, Cas…tiel.” Dean blushes and turns his head away, hoping Castiel can’t see his cheeks burn with embarrassment in the dark. Now he realizes how stupid he was giving
Before he even knows what he’s doing, Castiel is marching forwards with violent determination. Dean stops dead on his tracks, taken aback by the unwelcoming, hard look on the other’s face and the hostile air about him. Both of them are surprised when Castiel grabs him by the shoulders and starts pushing Dean back the way he came.
Christmas came around and the four adults got ready to travel with the children. Josie prepared more pies than she could carry and moved nervously around the room as Sam painted the right sigils in the wall of the kitchen of the bakery shop.
“Oh, don’t look so shocked, it’s rather offensive,” he mocks his brother as he tries to pretend the subject isn't dead serious.
Her brother sighed and focused to be able to fly a couple of meters at the time again. He was thankful for the deserted streets and decided to ignore the scary corners here and there on the alleys as best he could. Mary’s heart pounded against her chest as her lungs burned, begging to take a break. She stopped a few moments at the time, always concealing herself in some dark corner. As she took a deep breath, at the distance she caught sight again of a demon, a different one. She gasped and retreated further into the alley she was hiding in. Tears came to her eyes and she struggled with all her might to keep calm.
She almost breaks down in tears. She promises she will and then gives him a big kiss on the cheek.
“What do you mean you’ve
“Nothing, just—beware of her. She’s… not a nice person.”
She remembered being sick once, when she was little, and Dean rocked her for hours as he sang. He sang, over and over again, his voice low and comforting, and he sang this one song in particular many times.
“Well, yes, actually.”
Their mouths find each other and they’re kissing, maybe a little too passionately considering there’s a big interior window in the room, so everyone in the precinct can see them, but none of them care, they’re lost in the warmth and the taste of each other. They only stop when Dean’s hand cups Castiel’s face and he winces in pain; that side of his face is still very sore.
“Two virgins, an innocent one—meaning a child, a pregnant woman, two true heroes—which are people who have saved lives with their own hands for selfless reasons, like a doctor and a firefighter—and two declared enemies of the night, which is essentially what the Men of Letter are.”
It all started with some guys loudly talking about them, giving their unwanted opinion on how
, he didn't need to explain any further, Dean understood what he meant. Of course Dean knew why, he just couldn't bring himself to
this information A.S.A.P., I don’t have time for
Sam and the young woman sat in her living room couch, having some much-needed post-lunch coffee. The place was still a mess but there were other things that were keeping her mind busy at the moment. Sam's company helped her relax and calm down, and the distant sound of Dean's laughter and his family's voices that came flying from the kitchen was strangely soothing too. It sounded like easy happiness, something normal and natural. She was glad they hadn't left, the poor woman didn't feel like being alone in her house just now, but at the same time she appreciated the alone-time with the Sam. She needed a little privacy to come down from the roller coaster of emotions while she also needed some questions answered.
. He taps his foot on the floor and folds his arms over his chest, and finally Dean rolls his eyes and turns on his heels to walk out of the room with his brother close behind him. Dean doesn’t stop until they’re in his room and the door’s shut, and Sam goes off right away. “What the hell were you thinking, Dean? Are you insane? When I told you to do something to cheer yourself up, I didn’t mean go meddle into your ex-son’s father’s life! How did this even happen? How could you lie to me about it for so long?”
When Novak finally replies, it’s only with his address, but it still throws Dean off balance. Being around the guys makes Dean extra nervous, he’s got the stupid fear that they might be able to hear what he’s thinking if he doesn’t manage to stop remembering the events of the previous night over and over again in their presence, so before noon he makes himself a sandwich and hides away in his bedroom.
The brothers turn to look at the lady by the window. Castiel’s grandmother, a grieving and gentle soul he found in the cemetery when he was a child long ago, sits by the window with a weary air about her. Sometimes he worries about her, sometimes he feels like her soul is deteriorating, fading away. Her ghost used to be much brighter but with time it’s become a bit more translucent, weak. She’s grown quiet and engrossed in her own thoughts. Cas wonders if she’s fading away and if it would be kinder to just put her to rest—he could, he knows the spell, but he can’t bring himself to do it, Gabriel and her grandmother are the only real family he’s got there with him.
make us happier, okay? We love to have you here. So, just give it time, alright? We all just need to adjust,” he whispered, then kissed the top of his head and looked down at him with the best fake smile he could conjure. Balthazar didn’t look convinced.
“I—no, I don’t think so…” he replies but it’s probably too low for Dean to hear.
“Break the spell, Gabriel, he’s dying!”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine,” he nodded, smiling at the girl, extending his hand in her direction. She took it without hesitation, returning the smile though she didn’t look convinced at all that he was merely fine.
, the matter falls into the category of things Purson could talk to him about but he has to be very clever about what he’s going to ask. Yes or no, that’s all the demon will respond.
Gabriel bursts through the door and stumbles towards the bed. He grabs Castiel by the shoulders and forces him to sit up. Face and eyes red from crying, Cas just throws his arms around his brother’s middle, like he used to when he was just a child, and continues to cry.
A dense silence settled between them again as the information sunk in.
The angel spoke calmly, like he was discussing the weather and not laying his feelings out in the open so beautifully for Dean to hear. To him, it sounded like it was Castiel’s instinct to love this much, it came out of him so naturally, Dean was wondering now how he’d been so blind to those feelings before. He couldn’t do much more than nod, looking into those shiny, blue eyes. He can’t hold the weight of Cas’ persistent gaze and opted to move to sit in the bed, resting his hands in his knees, drying them up against the fabric of his jeans.
Then suddenly Castiel stops moving altogether, passing out from the shock, his eyes roll back into his skull. He goes pale so fast it’s scary. Blood stains Charlie’s and Benny’s jeans as the pool underneath Cas becomes wider.
place.
“Dean!” he cried, turning his head around as dread filled every single fiber of his being.
For starters he sees Dean crying in secret a lot when he was younger. In the bathroom of a little motel in the middle of nowhere while his dad is passed out from drinking and his little brother is sleeping. Sometimes he cries out for his mother in choked sobs that are barely audible, sometimes he even calls for Castiel. This is a memory that repeats itself in some way or another many times until Dean is about 7 years old.
“You’re practically a hunter, Charlie. You’ve been siding and congregating with the Men of Letters for months. Working for them,
Balthazar giggled, delighted, and looked around, waiting for something to happen. Mary picked up Zep from the ground and threw the blanket over her shoulder. She observed her brother from a moment, and then shifted uncomfortably as she understood his source of happiness.
“Oh… Right.”
“He came here? He came
“Give me the key.”
“It hurts,” Castiel groans through gritted teeth.
I'll be back for more stories and one-shots, I hope you like those.
choice. Cas. Cas, look at me.” Dean grabs his forearms and pulls his arms away from his chest, his hands softly sliding down his skin until they’re holding hands. “You’re my family too and they know that, they respect that.”
“Your knowledge of the occult sometimes worries me, Sammy,” Dean mumbles under his breath.
Lucifer said in a singing voice.
He waited in silence, but Mary never answered. He could feel tears coming to his eyes again. He wanted so badly for her to wake up and help him, he was so afraid he’d lose control and cause another earthquake. The boy couldn’t even breakdown and cry in peace. Luckily, in a way at least, he was tired; the long day and its hardship had taken a toll on him, and his mind became cloudy with exhaustion rather fast as he laid next to her sister. She felt cold. He pulled a cover over the both of them and hugged Mary’s arm, hiding his face in her shoulder as he cried quietly, in a very human way, falling asleep between sobs.
Only then, when the breath coming out of Castiel’s mouth reaches his face, Dean notices just how close to each other they’re standing. This time he can’t blame Cas, he’s the one that approached him. Keeping his eyes on the moon, he takes a step back.
“Hello, Dean,” he says casually while Dean begins to sweat. He sits in the passenger seat and closes the door. “Nice to see you again.”
“Do you have the address?”
. He’s suspicious and even more so hopeful that if Cas doesn’t have feelings for him already, he can develop them with time if they continue like this. It would make sense for him to fall in love with his husband, after all, and Dean’s not one to compliment himself what with his constant self-loading, but he’s got some lovable qualities and he’s always been nothing but kind and loyal to his King. He want be loved by Castiel so much he’s kind of starting to believe that maybe, just
. For everybody.
Cas buries his face in Dean’s neck and kisses him there. He then makes a face like Dean knows, out of the two, he is the one who worries the most and pulls from his boyfriend’s hand to lead him to the sofa.
Unable to say no to his dom’s request, Dean complies although he still goes slow, keeping the pace pleasurable enough but without making Cas cum just yet. He edges him for a good half hour, stopping abruptly when it looks like Castiel is about to lose it, jacking him off in between breaks so his jaw can relax. Dean just loves to sit back on his heels and watch Cas breathe heavily, his beautiful naked body tensing with pleasure, his chest heaving. He wants him like this forever, completely undone by Dean’s touch, safe and happy under his watch… and maybe that of a kinky neighbour, Dean still doesn’t want to look outside the window.
"I've been thinking a lot and I still can't figure out what their connection to you is, Cas," Sam spoke out loud, mostly to himself, pinching the bridge of his nose. He took a bite of his apple and looked out the window, lost in though. "It just doesn't make sense, you know?"
"Go easy on the waffles, okay, Baltz?" Cas said as he watched Baltz grab not one but two waffles after he'd quickly finished the first one.
Cas scoffs and gives him an incredulous look, then sets his attention back on his book. Dean snatches it away and throws it under the bed.
She smirks and shrugs, playing with her hair while she bats her eyelashes. “
. His connection to it has certainly somehow changed, he’s not in tune with it anymore but the house still recognizes him as one of its masters. It’s strange though not to be able to fill the buzz of its magic, the way it seemed to be alive on its own. In a way, it makes Castiel feel sad and more lonely, but it’s still his home and nobody can take that away from him. It’s also nice to have some one on one time to spend with his grandmother who has always rather liked Christmas and is a bit blue that she cannot celebrate it anymore.
sends tiny but powerful shocks to him; touching someone else, touching a home appliance, sometimes barely grazing stuff he walks past. The cold winter has also made it worse, the dry air making him more prone to build up static electricity on the surface of his skin. He can barely touch Dean without getting shocked.
Castiel scoffs as he lifts his head. “In what way? We’re nothing alike.”
But Castiel was losing, and he knew that. In a desperate attempt to beat Raphael, Castiel searched for a way to open the gates of Purgatory to use the souls there as weapons. Balthazar found out and stopped him just in time.
“What… the hell… Dean…”
The tiny version of Castiel tilted his head and squinted his eyes with confusion.
Dean tries not to laugh but watching Cas pout and cross his arms angrily in bed because he got the flu, he cannot help himself. Even though he presses his lips into a thin line, the corner of his lips twist downwards with the effort to contain laughter. Cas glares at him and Dean averts his eyes, trying to look innocent and focusing on the wet towel in his hands. He twists it, taking the excess water off it which lands noisily in the bucket below, folds it carefully and sets it in Castiel’s forehead. The cold fabric feels simultaneously glorious and awful against his heated skin.
Dean blinks a few times, a slow realization coming to him. “Cas, are you… are you
. Mary looked at her father for only a moment, then nodded and took Zeppelin in her arms. She pat her baby brother on the back, trying to comfort him, but there were tears in her eyes too.
“Brothers, please,” she said, her voice shacking. Angels were more powerful than demons, they’d be harder to fight, and even after what had happened with Amar, she had a special place in her heart for her celestial family. She didn’t
Bobby chokes on his coffee and coughs violently. Dean raises an eyebrow, looking sincerely offended.
“Don’t we all?”
Dean spends the entire class thinking he is going to get a serious case of blue balls soon but he's too stubborn to masturbate to the thought of Castiel, those plump pink lips he hasn't even kissed but still haunt him, the manly moans he doesn't hold back when Dean goes down on him. And just like that, he almost gets hard again.
Dean gets so excited going through the movies, he ends up going to bed a little late. The last thing he sees when he closes his eyes is Castiel on the couch, sitting rather rigidly with Dean’s headphones on, the light of the screen shining in his symmetric face.
Now, he’s going to live in a a brand new house. It didn’t matter what it looked like, if it was full or empty of furniture, what the floor was like, how big the kitchen was, as long as Dean was in it. Dean. Dean was his home.
"Dean! They're from another universe!" Sam yelled as he shook Dean again.
Utterly confused and frankly at the end of the rope with his patience, Dean pulls his hair and shakes his head at Cas. “What the hell are you talking about, you lunatic?”
“Take me back! I want to see papa!”
Mary gasped "Yes! That one!" Mary couldn't help but look up and smile.
“I hope you like it. I hope it brings you joy.”
He goes up the few steps leading to the door two at a time and knocks on the solid wood door with the back of his knuckles, then buries his hands on his pockets and waits for an answer. He can’t help but smile, chewing the inside of cheeks in anticipation.
“Ruined it?” he repeats and he’s
Dean takes a deep breath for courage and starts jumping from one foot to the other.
“Hopefully,” Mary smiled, trying not to get her hopes up, but she felt the same joy she saw in her brother’s face starting to crawl up her spine; angels, they were good a sign. They’d help them, they always had.
, he though. That was Dean’s mother’s name. Why would he name his child after Dean’s mom?
. They’d dedicated so many days in a row to healing angels and practising to get a grip of their powers, perhaps Dean was right, maybe Balthazar was ready to join the human world as well.
Castiel fidgets in his seat and always keeps his eyes on his lawyer. Meg nods once in support.
Dean frowns, slightly taken aback by the short answer that doesn’t really say anything. He shares a questioning look with his boyfriend, who just shrugs, and starts the ignition again.
“Well, think of something else!”
he argues in an attempt to conform himself.
“The key!”
“He saved your sorry ass,” Dean said through gritted teeth.
A shaky, hesitant hand stretches towards him only to stop halfway through.
Castiel groans. “You heard that?”
It’s pandemonium in his mind. The unrest is almost unbearable, a dozen different voices and arguments screaming inside his head so fast that he barely has time to focus in one for long.
John waits but Dean doesn’t respond anything. This is a moment he’s dreaded for years, the awkward typical coming-out conversation with his parents. He didn’t want to go through it, he didn’t want to have to define and explain himself to others. He just wanted to be and for others to simply get it without making a big fuss about it. Straight kids didn’t have to come out to his parents, so why did he have to?
“Can you sing to me? Please?” he asked. His voice broke between sobs and it really made her insides twist with pity. Jeez, she loved the little idiot beyond measure.
She felt terribly guilty as she walked away and back to Cas' bedroom. Dean was trying so hard to please them, and his soul already ached enough as it was, before they even arrived, to add up more feelings of sadness caused by them. Had she been rude to him? She told herself she was just a child, she had a right to have some time to be upset, but her brother's words resonated in her mind:
“Visits? It can’t be,” he mutters to himself, because their property is enchanted, has been for as long as it’s been theirs, to keep mortals and their prying eyes away. It’s supposed to repel them, to make them feel wary just like the spell that protects the entrance to the Men of Letters bunker. This person, whoever it is that is parking outside the iron gates, should have turned back out of an irresistible impulse to get away the moment they entered his family’s grounds.
kill them.”
physically, he couldn’t shy away from it. And for once, he didn’t
“You don’t know that he’s coming. And even if he does, we’ve beat Lucifer before, we can do it again.”
Castiel rolls his eyes. He’s seen the trailer and can’t help but find those kinds of movies slightly offensive.
“I can feel him,” she said.
Early in the morning, Mary went for more food, and after that the little Winchesters said goodbye to the man and went on their way south to go home.
But just a few minutes into the ride the three of them are deep in conversation as if they had all known each other for years. Sam, an aspiring lawyer himself, is interested in everything and anything Cas has to say about studying law and recommendations for his application and first year. Dean threatens to have their father disinherit his brother if he applies for Dean’s rival school, but truly he’s very satisfied that the object of his affections and the brother he loves seem to be getting along just fine. They talk, they laugh, they joke around, and Dean is high with a joy that only Castiel’s presence makes him feel.
Their eyes met. Dean was silently pleading him to stay. He wasn’t one to beg, he didn’t like to ask and he wasn't good at it either, but he needed the reassurance.
Castiel is tempted to ask Purson about his brother but bites his lower lip before the question rolls off his tongue impulsively. There’s no way to exonerate any particular family member, there are simply too many of them and only one question left. What he can do instead is at least solve the mystery of his mother and give himself the certainty that he’s got a real reason to suspect his own family beyond speculation so he won’t go crazy with conspiracy theories he can’t prove. Maybe that’s why Gabriel and his father never found the culprit, because they never wanted to believe, just as Cas doesn’t right now as well, that it could be one of their own so they never bothered to check.
Cas, ashamed of himself, of what he could be capable of, avoids meeting his eyes. He doesn’t want to admit that he could and at one point somewhat considered bringing Hell on Earth. He likes the way Dean looks at him, like he’s a living mystery, but the interesting and amusing kind, not dangerous and certainly not an enemy.
"Yes." Cas nodded.
___________
Dean scoffed. "Obviously. Cas...Cas deserved better than some knock up."
"I'm sorry, by the way." Dean said abruptly. Cas looked up from the television to see Dean staring at him. Castiel leaned his head to the side, silently asking what Dean was referring to. "About the whole thing I said to you before you left. It was messed up...I guess I just didn't understand why you needed anyone else, you know?"
