The phone conversation that is about to ensue in this scene is one in which Mycroft teases Sherlock about John’s wedding and the fact that everything is going to change for Sherlock now...All the while Sherlock tries to pretend (desperately, I might add) that nothing is amiss. That he will pull through this somehow, that he’ll survive John’s wedding. What is this if not pride on Sherlock’s part, you might ask?
At one point, the white COCKatoo painting is in a frame where it looks like this, erm, cock is coming right out of the head of one of the two men:
Presumably the show is ‘cutting off heads’ like this to show us what has happened to the iconic character of Sherlock Holmes over the past century: Sherlock has become (or rather has been forced to become) a head without a body, a mind without physical urges, a brain without sexual/romantic desires.
Here we’re looking at Evans (Sherlock) the ‘murder victim’ and Garrideb (John) as the metaphorical ‘killer’. But the truth is, it could just as well be the other way around. Mofftiss are accentuating the fact that the entire scenario can be flipped whichever way because it’s not just Sherlock who fell in love (=was metaphorically ‘murdered’) by John. John is a metaphorical ‘murder victim’, too. And Sherlock is a metaphorical ‘killer’, too. This love goes both ways, after all. That’s why you could just as well flip it and watch it unfold the other way around. At this point, we’re probably in Sherlock’s head. That’s why we’re shown this scene this way around. From Sherlock’s point of view.
Nathan Garrideb is seen (with his glasses on) marching away (!) from the car. Yeah, how else can you interpret this? This is ‘shortsighted’ John, walking away from Sherlock’s body because he doesn’t ‘see it’ (=doesn’t understand something about Sherlock). John’s brain doesn’t understand that Sherlock wants him.
But first of all, let’s remember how they foreshadowed EMP right at the very start of the show in ASiP in that very first scene that establishes Sherlock as a character for us:
A lot of people have argued that John’s grief at the end of TST mirrors the grief and anger he felt when Sherlock (fake) died at the end of TRF. (And personally, I think all of s4 is in Sherlock’s head, anyway...So...)
I mean, Lestrade might imply here that both ‘babies’, ie, relationships (the one John has with Mary and the one he had with Sherlock) are the same. But obviously that’s not true, and we will see that in a minute.
The Mofftiss adaptation, however, will bring this character back to life. They will wake him up! By giving him his gay identity, his heart, his John back.
(By the way, if you want, you can read this as a general commentary on our BBC!Sherlock figure, too. He tried to hide (ie, suppress) the sexual in his life, but, ultimately, this is pointless. It always comes out, in the end. The dye you use to hide things fades away with time.)
But look what shows up on Mary’s ‘side’ of the menu: The dessert which is also a pun: you’re ‘profiting’ by playing a ‘role’. (Also, profiteroles are basically just stuffed windbags, so that made me laugh.)
Anyway, I don’t think any of these paintings are meant to convey any deep symbolic messages to us. My guess is that, just as with the charming Moucheron
2) And the bust is about the importance of childhood because Sherlock’s childhood is important for who he is (he just doesn’t know that yet) and because, on a meta-level, the metaphorical ‘childhood’ of the Sherlock Holmes character back in Doyle’s time is important for how we perceive this character. All of the problems the Sherlock Holmes character has been having for over a hundred years now (internalised homophobia, trouble with expressing feelings, etc.) are connected to his ‘childhood’ in a different era, a childhood when different values and attitudes prevailed.
(The fact that we all remember the ACD!canon story ‘The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot’ about Holmes and Watson in Cornwall is an extra bonus, I suppose. @watsonshoneybee speculated that there is actually a connection between TAB and ‘The Devil’s Foot’
But yes, Goethe, with his views on Winckelmann’s sexuality and male-male attraction in general, was definitely ahead of his time and would have still been ahead of his time some 100 or even 150 years later.
But the list of, shall we say, ‘interesting’ sculptures doesn’t end there. The second one on the list is...
The centre panel is where it gets really interesting though. Because, inside the room, it’s not Mycroft (Sherlock’s brain) and not John (Sherlock’s heart) who’s standing there. It’s Sherlock himself.
Well, let’s just say that it was described, celebrated even, by one Johann Joachim Winckelmann, yes, that famous German archeologist and Classicist scholar. I still remember how, decades ago, we learned about Winckelmann’s ecstatic description of the Apollo Belvedere at school and how our teacher gave a dry chuckle and stated that Winckelmann was himself “an ardent admirer of the male form”.
Oh, and by the way, have I mentioned this is a statue by Antonio Canova? Haven’t we seen this artist represented on BBC ‘Sherlock’, too?
that there’s a doll that looks like Soo-Lin in one of the glass display cases behind Sherlock, John and Andy.
This baptism scene – together with the fact that Sherlock stands so far away from it, as if he can’t be a part of it, together with the fact that Sherlock’s
When you love someone, you love ALL OF THEM. Even their faults. Even their ‘shortsightedness’. Even their mistakes and their screwed-up aspects (even the emotional wreck who tries to drink the gay away and keeps dating woman after woman). You love all of it. It’s all or nothing. You can’t split a person into stuff you love and stuff you don’t.
My guess would be that since we’re shown the Cornwall painting (mysteriously glowing in the dark) but not really shown the milkmaid picture on the right, we can assume that that was a deliberate choice, even if there were no huge symbolic connotation attached to the Cornwall picture. But somebody put up the lights in that way (not even to mention: angled the camera towards one, but not the other picture.)
[...] The bust [...] in Magnussen’s mind palace, the bust that’s sitting right next to the doll head,
So, in this scene Sherlock is basically telling himself: ‘Actually, I would love to tell John what he means to me and that I can only imagine our future to be one where we are together in a relationship. And I would love to tell him all that BEFORE we even have sex. But I know we won’t be able to keep our hands off each other because I’m about to explode. So, that relationship talk will have to wait.’
I think, however, that we have all gone wrong in assuming that the 'Three Garridebs’ case in TFP is about someone actually killing somebody. (I’m guilty of this, too. I wrote something along those lines in my meta (
... And the other one is hanging opposite this lovely (and, as we’ve already discussed, quite erotic) modest-but-not-too-modest-knight ensemble, in other words, on the opposite wall:
The ‘Three Garridebs’ scene in TFP is about Sherlock’s unconscious inner personality (Eurus) giving Sherlock a task to solve:
Well, Piet Mondrian is one of those painters about whom every respectable art textbook (to this very day) will say that ‘sadly he never got married, but it definitely, totally, certainly, absolutely wasn’t because he was gay, oh, no, no, no, he wasn’t gay, he was just, erm, too focussed on his work, yes, you could say he was practically married to his work and not really interested in sex and love and romance and all that...Yes, this.’
A few seconds before we see the sign, Sherlock almost runs into a glass display case. This is literally where he comes from:
This is as clear as we will ever get to Sherlock telling us that this aspect of John is NOT what Sherlock thinks he fell in love with. The John who drinks his homosexual urges ‘away’ (drunkard!Howard) and has fling after fling with whatever girlfriend-du-jour he has just picked up (‘unsteady’ hand in his ‘civilian life’) is NOT who metaphorically ‘murdered’ him, Sherlock deduces here. Sherlock did NOT fall in love with this man, or so he tell us.
After all, if the makers of ‘Sherlock’ wanted to highlight the gay aspect only, they could have literally chosen any of the many, many other unambiguous depictions of the gay god Antinous.
It’s THIS artist that the show picked to showcase a painting that is ALL ABOUT the light source: the exploding star.
Many metas have been written about Madame Vastra and Jenny on ‘Doctor Who’ and about how these two ladies were created by Moffat as intentional foreshadowing for the eventual outcome on BBC ‘Sherlock’.
named the ‘baby’ (=relationship) after herself! So, John’s future now has Mary’s name slapped onto it.
And we are even told that Alex (=John) isn’t used to his new (heterosexual) routine yet. John got married recently. But John’s body betrays him. His homosexual side is still showing and no matter how much fake tan he uses and what new clothes he buys, that thing underneath, that wild, very natural thing, ain’t going anywhere.
All of these ‘heterosexual’ changes (Alex’s new clothes and his fake tan=John’s heterosexual choice) that are supposed to distract you from John’s more wild and more natural side (his nails and the hairs growing in his ears=John’s homosexual side)...all of these changes didn’t just happen spontaneously on their own.
Legend has it that when Saint Lawrence was to be arrested, the Imperial Treasury wanted to confiscate the Church’s financial assets and Lawrence was asked to turn over the Church’s treasures within three days.
In the same scene, while Andy and his boss talk about Soo-Lin (and the fact that Andy is interested in her), there is a bust sitting right between them:
But one of them is the stitched-together, monstrous product of the centuries. The other one is the real deal.
Sherlock comes to the very mature conclusion that, if you love somebody, you have to love the whole person.
And don’t forget: He solves all of that while being confronted with a girl on a plane that is about to crash (=himself in a coma, dying). Solving this puzzle of his own love for John is of paramount importance if the girl on the plane is supposed to survive (=if he is supposed to survive his coma).
And let’s not forget that this is the same episode in which the CIA agent tells ‘Mr Archer’ (ahem) to shoot Doctor Watson. Ha!
She first throws the other two men into the water. And then, when John (=Sherlock’s heart) protests, adds the culprit himself to that list, too.
But Sherlock won’t lose the ‘baby’ (their relationship) out of his sight ever again. And we get a brilliant confirmation for that in the therapist scene at the end of TLD here:
You need a fake tan if the only light beams you’re getting aren’t from the ‘sun’ but from the ‘moon’.
The point Mofftiss are trying to make is that at the beginning of the show, Sherlock (read: BBC Sherlock, the show) was trying to get a reaction out of a dead body (read: the Sherlock Holmes character).
1) The bust is about introspection, about peering inside your own head and getting an understanding of your own true self because that’s what usually happens when you go see a therapist.
The paintings in the blue and red circles are, what I would like to call, missed opportunities. (But then, since ‘The Final Problem’ aired, this whole show has become a bit of a missed opportunity, to be honest – unless the writers still have a trick up their sleeve, I mean.)
Keep in mind that Antinous was deified by Hadrian. So, what we have here is quite literally a GAY GOD standing right between Sherlock and John. I had written about this sculpture in one of my first metas in the ‘Sherlock’ fandom a few years ago here:
sculpture?;) I bet you could park that beauty in the middle of the Baker Street sitting room and have loud noises of squeaking bedsprings emerge from the bedroom, and people would STILL insist that Sherlock and John are just friends.
Both this meta and the added comment below were originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 9 October 2017
The shot of the ‘Mancini’ ad transitions into a shot of Clara’s happy face, a face that’s smiling because of her sudden discovery (!) of a secret message...ahem...
So, the second task (aka the ‘Dangling Garrideb’ task) should correspond to the second series of BBC ‘Sherlock’, right?
Actually, it is pretty much implied that Cleopatra here has just thrown some dressing gown (or whatever the ancient Egyptian equivalent of that was) over her naked form. Make no mistake: This tapestry is telling us that a more or less naked Cleopatra is sitting in Mark Antony’s lap, with one of her bare legs seductively thrown over his knee.
) that it also looks as if Mycroft (=Sherlock’s brain) were running away from the paintings (=from those sex thoughts), but he’s on a treadmill so he’s stuck in the same place. Thank you for that wonderful addition,
Let’s keep in mind that this Cupid with his arrow turns up just as John discovers a more or less naked Sherlock in the room.:)
This sculpture also tells us what the show runners think of Sherlock in particular: Epitome of male beauty! Unparalleled among men. There to be swooned over. The ideal man. Beautiful, masculine, curly-haired, elegant, perfectly muscled Apollo.
That’s exactly what Saint Lawrence’s instrument of martyrdom (murder weapon) means too. It was meant to kill him, but it brought him salvation, joy and happiness.
And it doesn’t even matter if you read s4 as real (I don’t) or fake. It doesn’t matter if you think s4 is all in John’s head or all in Sherlock’s head (as I do). The ‘baby’ metaphor works either way. This metaphor is a perfect switch that, depending on its position, changes the electrical charge that’s running through it, ie, its meaning.
And inside of his own body (in his coma) there are two voices debating each other (aka playing chess with each other).
Regardless which side of the debate you’re on, this bust is basically begging us to pay attention to the fact that SOMEBODY IS UNCONSCIOUS here.
And yet what we see in this scene is that, despite all of these valiant and desperate efforts, Mycroft (=the brain) actually wants to eat a banana (of all things!) and this ‘want’, for lack of a better word, is affecting the brain right in front of the painting of a giant, and I mean GIANT, peaCOCK:
Lestrade tells us here that before John had a ‘baby’ (=relationship) with Mary, he already had a ‘baby’ (relationship) in Sherlock.
It is actually an entire statue: Antonio Canova’s ‘The Dancer’ (also known as ‘Erato – the Muse of the Dance of Love’). I had written about this one previously here:
In this screenshot Sherlock visually becomes one with the dead body lying on the slab. And that’s no coincidence. That dead body represents Sherlock Holmes (the man who, as Molly points out, “used to work here”).
I don’t need to tell you about the number of times bananas have been used as metaphors for fellatio (or the desire for fellatio) on TV shows. It’s not exactly a complex metaphor.
To make things even better...The show ‘Black Sails’ included a second (!) painting in this very set, the painting ‘White cockatoo and other birds’ by Willem van Royen (see here:
Holy shit! I think I’ve just had a bit of a breakthrough when it comes to that odd Tbilisi hostage scene in TST. (Sorry, sorry, sorry I have to get this one out of my system before I can move on to Part 5 of my ‘Follow the dog’ meta series. I’m so excited about this.:) But don’t worry this one will be really, really short, I promise.)
narrator who brought ‘John the narrator’ to life. And in the painting he even looks a bit weirded out by the kiss. So it fits.;)
When Sherlock wants John to name his ‘baby’ Sherlock, the ‘baby’ represents John and Sherlock’s (future, potential) relationship. It means Sherlock wants John’s metaphorical ‘baby’ (=future relationship) to bear the name ‘Sherlock’.
I always feel slightly uncomfortable when people say, “Oh, you have to pick a meaning for yourself. You decide if it means A) or B).”
There has been a lot of speculation by art historians about the question what the two (empty) circles in Rembrandt’s original painting could mean, but one of the explanations that comes up again and again is that they have to be interpreted as a map consisting of two hemispheres: the Old and the New World.
Just like the fact that there’s one lonely candle (universal Memento Mori symbol of the transience of life) standing right in front of Mary, whose metaphorical ‘candle’ will soon be snuffed out.
Okay, there’s a lot more to be said about this episode of ‘Doctor Who’. But I’m really tired right now and can’t type anymore. I get tired more quickly since the surgery.
Now, you could, of course, argue, “Sage, these statues on ‘Doctor Who’ aren’t about Sherlock at all. They are statues of two half-naked women, after all. This is Jenny and Vastra’s house. And this episode does emphasise the fact that Vastra enjoys being surrounded by feminine beauty. After all, beautiful women ‘brighten up the room tremendously’, according to Vastra.”
Remember what it was like when you fell in love for the very first time? When love was something completely new, something astonishing and shocking
Mofftiss really weren’t subtle here: Being married to Mary means your ‘marriage’ throws up all over you on a daily basis. (I can almost see Gatiss cackling as he wrote that.)
We hear him pant, breathe, sigh, shout. He is real. All thanks to a sign that shielded him from the bullets and made sure he didn’t turn into a dead object. And that very sign reads, ‘Who are we?’
(And yeah, I can’t believe I just basically equated going to Heaven with having an orgasm.:) It’s much more than that, obviously: It’s all about that theme of liberation, about the freedom to love and be loved.)
Please don’t expect me to go back to weekly postings any time soon. But I hope this little blog post about art (and, ahem, cocks) was a fitting St.Nicholas present to find in your hopefully cleaned boots today, on December, 6th. I mean, come on, I literally gave you a...cock in boots, right?
And yet they chose this particular one: a statue that depicts Antinous dressed as the God Osiris. Osiris – the God of the afterlife, the underworld and the dead, which foreshadows Sherlock’s “death” again.
The waiter is clearly a Sherlock!mirror, seeing as Sherlock will take on his role as waiter just a few moments later.
Somebody is clearly trying to shield themselves from thoughts of cocks, to arm themselves against any thoughts of that nature, to fortify themselves...
Technically, this is not a post about a painting used on the set of BBC 'Sherlock', but since it's ABOUT a fascinating device or trick used by painters (applied to a cinematographic context), I thought this chapter could serve as a fitting end point for this meta collection about art.
was the (male) lover of the Emperor Hadrian. And Hadrian literally deified him, in other words, had him recognized as a God so he could be worshiped. Yep, a gay God!
Now, in the restaurant scene we see the same metaphor play out again. Only this time it’s all about Sherlock.
[...] there’s a third plant in there, which ties the two of them together. It’s difficult to make out, but it’s purple, so I’m going to go with lavender or lilac (=ancient symbols of our gay tribe:D). So, this purple gayness is binding the curling bamboo (Sherlock) and the Monstera (John) together. Nice.
But this change doesn’t occur in a random type of way. Quite to the contrary, the change in meaning follows a precise pattern, and once you see it, you cannot un-see it. I promise.
This is the very essence of Sherlock! The core of his own true self. Sherlock is facing the culprit in the middle. And consequently said culprit outside the glass window, said culprit who killed Evans (=Sherlock), said culprit who is dangling there right in the middle (Alex Garrideb) has to represent the core of John’s being, the essence of John’s John-ness, as well...Right?
Now, you’re gonna have to trust me on this one because I come bearing only the flimsiest kind of evidence. Hopefully, it’ll all make sense once we work our way further through this scene, though.
(There are obviously more valid readings of these themes than just this one. And I should probably point out that I haven’t worked my way through LSiT’s google drive folder, which I absolutely will do as soon as I have the time. Anyway, it’s totally possible that I’m getting a lot of the symbolism wrong because I haven’t read what are apparently the greatest of all classic subtext meta pieces on this yet. However, this brilliant
In any case, both shots, the one in ‘Doctor Who’ and the one in ‘Sherlock’ seem to convey the same type of meaning:
Also, did you notice our Anadyomene-type Venus is standing right between them (red circle)? That’s right: the statue that just screams subtext is between them and can be seen above that tea pot (!) Soo-Lin is holding in her hand. They even illuminated the statue from the back as if to point out to us that the subtext is important.
Jesus. Don’t forget that this is John the Baptist who literally baptized Jesus, in the same way that our John metaphorically baptized Sherlock and brought him to life for the public in his Strand stories/on his blog.
All of that plastered on the walls of Mycroft’s room. Mycroft, as we all know, is a metaphor for Sherlock’s brain.
Are there actually people who believe that John and Mary are happily in love with each other? Because this pretty much spells it out: Being married to Mary is like having somebody spit something regurgitated and half-digested over your emotions. That relationship brings bile to your throat.
But no matter how unhappy and exhausted that relationship makes John and Mary, Mary keeps bringing it back to their marital bed. She practivally forces that ‘baby’ (=relationship) on John.
I know a lot has been written about the ‘baby’ metaphor already. And I remember seeing posts about how the ‘baby’ is a metaphor for John and Sherlock’s love right after s4 aired. (I think
All three aspects of John (outside of the glass window) almost certainly correspond to the three Sherlock aspects we see inside the room because why else would you stage a scene in this way, and why else would you have three glass panels like that?
But it could also be a reference to our old ‘dog’ metaphor (remember how I proposed that all dogs on the show are metaphors for homosexuality here (
Obviously the sculpture is called Antinous. So, if the makers of ‘Sherlock’ just wanted any old Hermes statue to represent Sherlock, they could have used a different one. They specifically used this one, though. One that, despite actually being Hermes, has a centuries-old art-historical reading as Antinous attached to it.
That is incredibly important because it tells us that Sherlock has learned an important lesson here. Sherlock is really, really trying to understand love here. And he has learned that love doesn’t work in a logical way. That both the ‘innocent’ and the ‘guilty’ aspects of John are the same to him. Whether they are the personality aspects that metaphorically ‘murdered’ Sherlock (=made him fall in love with John) or whether they are the personality aspects that Sherlock didn’t fall in love with at first DOESN’T REALLY MATTER.
Because (and that is the point I would like to add to the meta readings that have already been done for this scene)
Anyway...the real tan is the visible trace (that Sherlock immediately saw!) of love. Real love. (The same love that wounded John in the metaphorical shoulder, ie, his heart.) That sun tan (=love) was real.
What an exhilarating relationship that must be! Who wouldn’t want to be in a relationship that makes them fall asleep in the middle of the day out of sheer boredom and exhaustion? Marital bliss at its finest!
The nails could be just that: a metaphor for something natural appearing again and again. A thing you have to artificially trim and cut down.
The meaning of the ‘baby’ switches to ‘Mary and John’s relationship’ when these two are talking about the ‘baby’. That’s why Mary forces John to name the ‘baby’ after her. John is forced to name the ‘baby’ (=his future relationship) after Mary, ie, his future relationship will bear her name.
In art history, this is typically found in still life paintings, where this is often the stone/marble/wooden/carved ledge upon which there rests a basket of fruit or a vase of flowers. It’s really a rather typical feature.
Seconds before Sherlock walks through that door, in a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it flash, we can see someone remove Sherlock’s coat for him.
That leaves us with one last question, though. Why was the ‘Three Garridebs’ scene flipped? In Doyle’s canon story 3GAR, Evans is the killer (not the victim) and Garrideb is his victim. So what are Mofftiss telling us here?
This explanation is the easiest one. Mofftiss flipped the scene because the ‘Three Garridebs’ scenario is essentially ‘flippable’, so to speak.
So, there are not one, but two, erm, cocks in the background of that gay-ogling-each-other scene on ‘Black Sails’.
). It’s almost like Sherlock and John are ships out on the sea in a storm, isn’t it?...And doesn’t the show have a water theme running through it? (I think I’ve read meta posts by @
So, in these two scenes (the Sherlock scene with the rattle and the John scene with the flower) we find out what Sherlock and John think about their love life and future potential relationship when they’re all on their won. We get a solo take on their respective love lives by both our main protagonists.
What’s more, we’re actually told why John’s ‘baby’ (=his future relationship) can’t have the name Sherlock:
Since Mary is nowhere to be seen, the ‘baby’ here is associated only with John. This ‘baby’ is John’s (and only John’s) love life, and John is showing that ‘flower’ to his love life as if to ask, ‘So, what would you think of that idea?’
The show goes out of its way to spell that out for us; it’s repeated several times: John’s ‘baby’ (John’s future relationship) CANNOT be named Sherlock for the one and only reason that that is a boy’s name (=because Sherlock is man). It HAS to be a girl’s name (=a relationship with a woman).
Armed with the knowledge from the ‘Garrideb’ task, Sherlock will solve the next task, too and work out that HE (Sherlock!) has to say, “I love you,” first. That John won’t admit it unless he (Sherlock) does.
The length of the title of John’s book (it’s obviously quite long!) would be fitting for something along those lines, too.
“This is amazing,” John muttered just loud enough to be heard over the purr of the engine.  Sherlock cocked his head around enough to glance back at him and John swore his pupils were blown to erase any shred of colour to his eyes.  The light changed before Sherlock had the chance to reply, but John took the sudden lurch forward as an opportunity to thrust his groin against Sherlock’s backside.  Sherlock’s groan was lost in the growl of the bike as it shot around the corner onto Gower.
“I…um…”  The man’s voice was deeper than John ever would have expected and he gulped a second time.  Releasing his face, he grabbed him by the hand and started to pull him toward the campus centre, turning to yell at the other two.
One of the advantages to Christmas break was that John’s schedule became much more flexible, thanks to the smaller number of students left at the school.  He arranged a temporary system with McGonagall, creating a sort of pager with a fake coin to summon him back to the castle in case of an emergency while he was out.  The coin reminded John strongly of his last years in the Order, when they adapted the coins from Dumbledore’s Army that Hermione made to work for the wider group.  With the coin, he managed to join Sherlock and Cecelia as they explored the snowy grounds and the various shops in Hogsmeade.
To distract himself from overthinking the upcoming evening too much, John spent a good part of the day cleaning the flat.  Sherlock amused himself making a potion and Cecelia crawled around after John, occasionally undoing the cleaning he tried to accomplish.  At around half four, John emerged from the bedroom wearing one of his nicer jumpers.  He cleared his throat as he approached Sherlock so that he wouldn’t startle him.  Sherlock hummed in reply, studying his potion carefully.
Waiting for their final scene to start felt like it took days rather than the single hour it actually was. John noticed that the corset caused him to stand even straighter than his military background usually made him stand, something he was particularly grateful for since Sherlock towered over him even more than usual in his heels. Aspects of their evening of bondage carried over into the military theme as well, resulting in Sherlock staying just behind John’s right shoulder the entire time. He didn’t seem inclined to speak much, acknowledging anyone who spoke to him but refusing to engage anyone in conversation himself. John suspected he was observing the reaction on their suspect’s face at finally seeing John wear the pin, as well as Sherlock’s subtle call out with the lipstick.
Shooting him a distracted nod, Sherlock climbed into the cab only to immediately roll down his window.  “By the way, John, don’t think this gets you off for your real reason at 221b.  Particularly after this enlightening case of ours.”  Before John could reply, the cab took off.
“Nobody…nobody wants to be my friend.  They all say I’m weird and that nobody would want to be friends with me.”
He was still awake when Sherlock texted him the next evening, taking advantage of the relative peace after Mary put Cecelia to bed to catch upon his blog.  Mostly it was going back to spruce things up, looking after long forgotten typos and responding to comments when his cell buzzed next to him, nearly slipping off the table from the force of the movement.  He snatched it up just in time and couldn’t stop his grin when he saw it came from Sherlock.  It was the first time he had messaged him in a while, and John would never admit aloud that he missed the familiar warmth that normally came from it happening often.  Hoping it was something new and interesting to distract them both, he opened the message to read it.
Humming his agreement, Sherlock continued to stroke his pair silently, his hands running reverently over their skeletal forms.  They stood together comfortably and simply enjoyed the comfort of their mutual comradery.  John kept stealing sly looks at Sherlock, watching his amazement at the thestrals and savouring the ease.  A warm feeling of ready contentment settled into his chest, urging him forward and closer to the other.  Normally he forced the by now too familiar sensation down, but this instance felt happily different.
“Excellent. I brought the outfits we’ll be using tonight.” Sherlock handed him a bag that felt particularly light and John had a brief flair of worry. Sherlock did an exceptional job whenever he chose their outfits so far, though, so John started to undress and pulled out his final costume.
Pushing past Mycroft to step closer to the portrait, Sherlock demanded, “What do you mean, a letter was sent?  I never received a letter.”
Overall the rooms were very similar to the ones they had the last time they stayed at Hogwarts.  The sitting room sat along the left, longer and more narrow than theirs back at 221b.  A pair of windows looking out on the grounds flanked a pair of armchairs, comfortable looking and well worn.  The corner of the room held a small fireplace, Billy the skull already sat on its mantle to survey the room.  A third, smaller armchair leaned against the wall between the other two, obviously meant for Cecelia, and a plush black sofa took up most the wall opposite, with a small coffee table before it.  A lush rug covered nearly all of the stone floor, bringing a cosiness and comfort to the room.  Its final touch came from the bison skull and headphones, which sat over the sofa to balance its opposite windows.
Molly placed a hand over her slightly protruding belly.  “Thanks, John.  Luckily the morning sickness has passed; it really was awful a few weeks ago.”
“Mary?” John asked, his gaze darting between Sherlock and Doyle.  “How does he even know anything about Mary?  Why does she even matter if she’s been dead for years?”
Cecelia had met Neville a few times since her first visit to Hogwarts as a baby, but she didn’t know him as well as some of their other friends.  As soon as Neville noticed her, he squatted down until he was at her level and held out his hand to her.
“Oi, need I remind you that this ‘idiot’ helps you run your business?” Ron interjected.  “Who’s really the idiot here, hmm?”
John could almost taste Sherlock’s gasp as he came, his hips jumping forward from the force of his orgasm. He muttered reassurances into his cheek and neck as he milked the orgasm from him, rubbing his stomach soothingly with his other hand. Once he was done, Sherlock slumped backward fully against John’s chest, his come covered hands flopping down to his sides. John peppered kisses across his shoulder and ran his hands up and down Sherlock’s sides as he came back to himself, completely unaware that their audience had left until one of the guards came up to stand beside the bed.
The cab ride home was filled with awkward silence. Sitting only pulled the fabric around John’s groin tighter, combining discomfort with the constant reminder of what they did earlier. He wished he’d thought to watch Sherlock’s face when he came, but he suspected it would have shot him off even faster. Besides, John thought giddily, he would have other opportunities. If nothing else, he knew from his responses that Sherlock enjoyed himself during it, although he wished he could have wiped the expression of vulnerability he had afterwards off his face.
SURPRISE IT'S JAMES SHOLTO.  And OH BOY welcome to my absolute favorite rare pair ship in the Sherlock universe, James Sholto and Mycroft Holmes.  Y'all should def feel free to come holler at me on Tumblr about this ship because I have many strong emotions about shycroft.
He barely had the chance to mention that he missed lunch before they were piling him with more food than he could eat in a week.  Settling on a sandwich and a cup of tea, Sherlock sat awkwardly at a table being watched by nearly a dozen elves that waited in silent anticipation to fulfill any of his needs.  He noticed one of the elves attempting to not-so-subtly stare at the shape of his mobile that bulged the line of one of his trouser pockets.  Although basically useless, he continued to carry it both out of habit and to fiddle with it to try to make it work when he was bored.  Setting his sandwich aside and reaching into his pocket, he waved the elf over to his side.
Update, June 14, 2015 - Guysssss I commissioned the lovely Kelley (anotherwellkeptsecret on Tumblr) to make fanart from a scene from this chapter and it is done and gorgeous!  You can find the official image on her page
“Exactly what I said,” Sherlock replied, leaping to his feet and ignoring the offering of tea in favour of his violin on the other side of the room.  “Regardless,
“Hmm, then why wait?”  With that, Sherlock grin widened as he pulled his wand from his sleeve to perform a silencing spell and crawled down John’s body.
“Hmm, yes, a shame.”  He stalked up to Sherlock, forcing himself into his space so that they stood chest to chest.  “How about you go get all of that set up for us while I unpack?  I’d like to take advantage of that particular amenity as soon as humanly possible.”
“Oh God, please stop,” Sherlock groaned, his head falling forward onto John’s chest.  He felt John chuckle through the fabric of his button down and pulled him closer.
John’s eyebrows rose at the same time his mouth fell open.  “I…didn’t do anything, Sherlock, just gave you the words.  I’m not good enough to do wandless magic, particularly with how long it’s been.  That was all you.”
“Two wars,” Sherlock mumbled, and John could feel him shaking through their linked hands.  “My God, John, no wonder you were such a mess when we met.”
Normally as a third year student John wouldn’t still be living in the halls, but they were the cheapest option, so when last year’s flatmate moved on, Sherlock Holmes was chosen as his replacement. Beyond his name and that he was a second year chemistry major, the stories were all he had before he met him. Regardless of how or why he was there, however, he was absolutely stunning, and hence, John was fucked.
“That…wasn’t supposed to happen.”  John blinked slowly up at Sherlock, whose round eyes were locked on him.  He reached down and snatched the wand up to hold it out to Sherlock, who cowered ever so slightly away.  “Go on, then, take it.  I want you to try something.”
“Not that we know of, but we’re still clearing things up,” Niall replied. Before he could continue, a young woman wearing a robe marched towards them, dragging another pale faced woman behind her.
“I can’t believe it,” Niall muttered, straightening up. “I thought he loved it as much as I did. Instead he threw an overly dramatic temper tantrum because he felt neglected.” He turned to John and pointed down at his jacket. “That pin? I didn’t recognise it from the collection. I recognised it because it’s one of his fucking family heirlooms.”
“Would this be the home of Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson?” the woman asked, her voice as strong as her bearing.
“What the hell do you mean he’s gone?” Harry demanded at the same time as John muttered, “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
John spent the entire ride shooting looks at Sherlock, attempting to see what sort of costume he came up with for himself. Unfortunately, his coat covered everything except his trousers, which appeared to be a weathered, dark brown leather that clung close to his legs. Swallowing thickly, John drummed his fingers on his own brown trousers, a thick pair he’d found amongst Niall’s creations that reminded him a bit of his old fatigues. At least for the first evening, John strove for comfort first, pairing the trousers with an olive green button up with a pair of breast pockets flanking each other, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows to show off his forearms. He paired it with matching black leather braces and a thick belt to hold a pair of empty holsters on his hips. He hoped to find some appropriate accessories in the dressing room, but when he glanced over himself quickly before following Sherlock out of the flat, he had to admit that what he had put together was flattering.
They rejoined her just as she reached the front doors, a small smile curling her lips.  Cecelia had nearly been bouncing in her excitement, and when they actually entered, her tiny mouth fell open in shock.  Sherlock nearly dragged her to get her to follow them inside, her eyes enormous as she tried to take everything in at once.  When they passed the opened doors to the Great Hall, she let out a great gasp and pulled her hand out of Sherlock’s.  Running into the room, her footsteps echoing in the silent hall, she instantly looked up at the ceiling.
“Oi, give me the boyfriend card,” John said, kissing him briefly once more before pulling away.  “I haven’t been able to say I had one in years.  Not since Hogwarts, actually.”
Moving his hand away to grasp his own cock, John shifted Sherlock to float above him in the water and give him more space.  He teased the tip along Sherlock’s cleft, resulting in Sherlock thrusting up enough that his cock breached the water’s surface.  Sherlock gaped down at it in brief surprise, John attempting to stifle his giggles into Sherlock’s shoulder.  With a glare back at him, Sherlock settled back down into the water and, in the process, forced the first half of John’s cock inside of him.  They both froze, John’s laughter dying in his throat to become a moan, and John thrust back until he was fully seated.
“I am,” Dumbledore replied with a nod and a smile.  “But I’m afraid I do not recognize you, young man.  You remind me of someone, however – you’ll have to excuse me for my lack of memory.  I’m afraid I know only as much as my living persona did upon death, and even I was known to make mistakes, being a human still at my core.”
Sherlock became his own personal volcano of fury in Lestrade’s office as the man dealing with the brunt of his fire sat awkwardly behind his desk, shifting in his seat in a mixture of discomfort and alarm.  Lestrade scratched at his ear while Sherlock huffed in breaths through his nose, attempting to at least give the impression that he was calm.
John barked out a laugh and buried his face in Sherlock’s neck. “Seeing as I’ve mentioned my gorgeous roommate on a few live-streams, I think my followers would enjoy that too. You’re going to be an adventure, aren’t you?”
John left him to his work. He needed to run a few errands that day anyway and welcomed the distraction. The case hadn’t given him much of a chance to process what had been happening over the last few days, but the familiar monotony of a trip to the shops allowed him the chance to simply think. He never meant to use pet names during their scenes, but looking back John realised that he’d been using them all the same. In the heat of the moment, his naturally nurturing nature made him want to ensure that his partner felt cherished, and the same was certainly true for Sherlock. He had no way of knowing for sure how Sherlock felt about it, or even if he noticed the way John cared for him during the scenes, but he hadn’t said anything against it so far. John briefly wondered if it was because he enjoyed it, but tampered down on the thought almost immediately. It wouldn’t do for him to get his hopes up only for it all to come to an end on Friday.
John barked out a laugh while ducking around a broom handle.  “Right, and explain that to Mrs. Hudson how?  Believe me, it’s easier to do it this way.  Less work for us since there’s already a baby in the flat who needs taking care of.”  When they finally reached the office’s entrance, John released Sherlock’s hand.  “Give me a mo and I’ll have this sorted, alright?  Be right back.”  He made his way into the building, leaving Sherlock to observe the owls inside from there.
,” he breathed, clutching at the pillow under John’s head.  John chuckled breathlessly and sped up, leaning down to attempt to mouth at Sherlock’s jaw.  Sherlock shifted around to offer up the skin he sought and John licked across his neck, immediately blowing on it and admiring the goose bumps that followed.  Sherlock moaned and shifted his hips faster, seeking more friction.
“Morning, Papa!” she responded with a large smile, her bright blue eyes that matched Mary’s exactly shining brightly.  She waved behind her at the owl that was slowly making its way over to the discarded bag of treats that sat by the door.  “Do you know what kind of owl this is?”
Written in all caps on the mirror in a dark red shade were the words WEAR IT OR ELSE. John leaned in next to Sherlock to study the words as Sherlock ran his finger along one of the letters, sniffing his fingertip when he pulled it away.
“Or that my boyfriend would be,” he said, raising an eyebrow at her.  Her smile widened as she crossed her arms over her chest and shrugged.
Eventually John pulled the door open, not meeting Greg’s eyes as he immediately went to sit on the edge of the bed.  Greg hovered in the doorway, not sure whether he should join him before steeling himself and entering.  He left a large enough space between them so that he had time to duck should John take a swing at him, but he hoped it wouldn’t come to that.
“They’re majestic,” Sherlock breathed.  His fingers twitched out as he reached towards them, offering his palm for inspection.  One of them gave a snort and a toss of his head before tentatively stepping towards his hand, hot air blowing from the flared nostrils.  He gave Sherlock’s fingers a nudge and, reassured that all was well, proceeded to snuggle into it.  An expression of amazed wonder spread across Sherlock’s face and John couldn’t look away, a wide grin etching across his own face.  He stepped into the thestral’s chest, his curls brushing against its ears enough to make them twitch.  They nuzzled into each other, the thestral basking in the unfamiliar warmth of the gesture.  Before long, the other two came to circle Sherlock until he nearly spun in his attempts to give attention to each at the same time.  John’s bark of laughter caused his head to bolt up, the thestrals copying the motion.  He came up to Sherlock’s side, running a hand along the ears of one thestral while Sherlock saw after the other two.
ago, we never even knew for sure who the hell you were, and now you’re just showing up to, what?  Fuck with us?  Make us pay for, I dunno, ignoring you?”
Sherlock frowned but nodded his thanks.  They left the relative quiet of the wand shop and reemerged onto the street that screamed with noise.  John stopped him just next to the door, pulling him aside and wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
Sherlock set them off towards Regent’s Park Station, their trip briefly taking them through a section of the park before they were back amongst tall office buildings.  Though there was hardly enough room, John forced himself closer by lifting his chin to rest it on Sherlock’s shoulder.  Through the leather of Sherlock’s jacket, John felt him shiver slightly and grinned wickedly.  When they were forced to stop at a light on Euston, John wiggled forward in the seat so that his front was completely plastered to Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock’s grip on the handles clenched tighter for a moment and he breathed in deeply.
Sherlock ducked his head down against Cecelia’s head, his face reddening again.  “I thought she might like it.  Gardens are calming in general and I’ve always enjoyed them, and I knew I could incorporate the osiria fairly easily this way.  Besides, with the fact that we know that both you and…well, I thought the ceiling looked a bit like Hogwarts and I hoped…perhaps someday she might see the real thing and be reminded.  Of home.  If she comes to consider this home.  Which she will.  Hopefully.  If the two of you wish to stay for an extended period of time.  Which I hope you do.  You should know you’re both welcome here as long as you wish, John.”
“Now you’re the one covered in come,” John remarked quietly. Sherlock looked down at himself and half shrugged a shoulder.
“Nah, he’ll be in his mind palace figuring shit out by this point. Don’t let him keep you here too late, yeah? I’m heading home…headache, not feeling well…”
“Get anywhere with the sample on the note?” John asked, coming to sit across from him in his own chair. Sherlock’s face twisted in annoyance and he shook his head.
The moment they reached the lower level, John reluctantly dropped Sherlock’s hand and shot him a small nod before marching off across the room. Given what everyone in the room had just seen, he shoved away his growing embarrassment at his appearance. From some of the lingering looks being sent his way as he searched out a drink, he assumed that not only had they put on a decent show, but many in attendance were reassessing John’s fairly innocuous appearance. John once again breathed a mental sigh of relief that none of them would be allowed to touch Sherlock during this except John.
“Yes, I’m sure,” Sherlock interrupted, pulling down his sleeves to distract himself. “Don’t worry, John, I’m sure you’ll find my technique more than adequate.”
“Nonsense, Mycroft, the place positively reeks of your presence.”  Sherlock glanced around him in veiled interest before taking off, John close behind.  “That new scent of yours if awful, by the way, I’m surprised Anthea hasn’t mentioned it.  She seems to be the only one of your various minions able to both tolerate your company as well as speak with you relatively honestly.  She’s one of them, isn’t she?  I never had the chance to bring it up before now.”
“Where are we going next, Papa?” Cecelia asked once they reached the front doors where they began.  Sherlock thought for a moment before starting up the stairs, slowing his pace once he heard Cecelia’s footsteps following.  Eventually they ended up at the door to the Charms classroom.  The door was open just enough for them to peer inside, the image of their faces one above the other inevitably comical.  They caught the attention of a few of the students across the room, who instantly had to try and contain their laughter.  Flitwick turned to them with a huff.
“Then obviously I’ve been a shit boyfriend, and a shit best friend before that, if you can’t drown it out with my reassurances of your brilliance.”  John moved Sherlock’s wand arm down to his side and pulled him into another tight hug.  “If I’d been reminding you of how fantastic you are, as a person and at everything you do, maybe it could have helped you squash down his voice in your head.”  John tilted his face so that his mouth was just below Sherlock’s ear and lowered his voice to a whisper.  “You’re the only one who could do what you do, my love.  Your mind is dazzling and your heart is even brighter.  The capacity you have to love and care for those you value constantly takes my breath away.  You manage to find a new way to astound me every day, even before we found out that you can do magic.  And the magic’s just a small part of it – you were the most brilliant creature I’d ever met even before that.  I’m honoured to know you, humbled to be loved by you, and if you need to be reminded of your fantastic capabilities every day for the rest of our lives, I’ll consider it a gift to be the one to do it.”
John’s face fell and he rubbed his thumb on Sherlock’s thigh, more to comfort himself than Sherlock.  “Had.  Not everyone who fought in the Battle of Hogwarts made it out alive.”
Tired of his own restlessness, John texted Niall early and asked if they could meet up to pass over their respective items rather than making him come back to Baker Street again. Within an hour, he received a positive response and hurriedly made his way out of the flat and to the agreed upon Costa. Equipped with a coffee and breakfast sandwich, John picked at them both without much enthusiasm as he waited for Niall to arrive.
He must have managed to pester Madam Pince enough that she relented and let him into the restricted section just to get him to leave her be.  When John asked her where Sherlock was, she rolled her eyes and gestured toward the section, saying that she last saw him halfway down the second to last row.  That’s exactly where John found him, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the floor with an enormous book propped against his knees.  His hair was a complete chaos of mad curls, an immediate sign to John as to how his research was going.
Pulling out Sherlock’s handcrafted creation, John posed with it and winked. “A dildo? Yep. You can thank this one for it.”
in order to complete my experiment, not two.  It will be completely pointless if I only have two; it’ll compromise the integrity of the entire enterprise.”
With a nod, Sherlock pushed himself to his feet and headed for the bedroom, John following close behind.
“I agree,” Sherlock grumbled, and his voice made John shiver. He bit his bottom lip and looked down at John’s chest, and John felt himself falling impossibly more in love with him. “Do you think…we might be able to continue our arrangement beyond this week?”
Wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist, John buried his face between his shoulder blades.  As he rubbed his cheek against the rough skin there, he felt Sherlock stumble slightly to keep himself standing.  He turned to attempt to look over his shoulder at John, but all he could see was the top of his silver head.  “John?” he asked, his voice tinged with concern.  John smiled and sniffled a bit, the noise causing Sherlock to shift around so that they were face to face.  He ran his thumb under one of his eyes, catching the hint of tears that were attempting to fall.
“You’ll have it anyway, I don’t care what you think,” John interrupted with a growl. “No scene should be done without one of the sub’s choosing. It’s bad enough that we’ll be going into this without having done it in private before, but I certainly won’t let it happen without a safe word.”
“There. You can be our ringmaster and I’ll be a trainer of some sort. Normally I’d be against anything as crass as the abuse of animals for entertainment, but I suspect the other connotations of a whip will go over well with this group of individuals.”
He slowly typed out his response before he tossed the mobile into the seat next to him, trading it for his book.  Thumbing through the pages in search of where he’d left off, John felt the train give an abrupt shift forward, the doors beginning to slide closed.  Just as they were about to shut, a gloved hand shot out to pull them back open, a tall figure lurching inside.  He stumbled a bit before righting himself, smoothing down his coat and turning a glare on the carriage at large.  John met his eyes over the top of his book in an automatic response to the noise, but his eyebrows rose as he willingly took a second look.   The man frowned in reply, the expression one more of confusion than irritation, and he rushed past John’s set of seats to flop into the pair directly behind and across from him.  John ached to turn around and continue staring, but chose to bury his nose into the mystery printed in his novel instead.
“You sure?  You’re awfully pale.”  John shifted his hand up to feel Sherlock’s forehead, rubbing his thumb there in a calming motion.  Sherlock’s eyes slid shut and he nodded, careful not to knock off John’s hand.
Sherlock’s spine arched at the contact, his breath growing ragged against the areas where their bodies pressed together.  He placed his hands over John’s at his waist, his nails digging into the skin.  John took that as a sign to continue and brushed his lips higher up on Sherlock’s neck.  He still kept himself from actually kissing the skin, doing no more than drawing the tip of his tongue out occasionally to barely taste.  At the gasp the move drew from Sherlock, John couldn’t help but grin against him and travelled up to kiss directly behind his ear.  Goosebumps instantly formed in the kiss’ wake, resulting in Sherlock guiding John’s hands up his own chest.
“Please…pants,” John huffed out, each word escaping on a gasp for breath. Sherlock’s surprise morphed into a smile as he ran his hand down John’s side to his trousers. A slight peak of hair that led down to John’s groin was visible above the line of his trousers and Sherlock gave it immediate attention. He scratched his nails into the hair for a moment, letting the tips of his fingers dip just under the edge of his trousers. John’s cock gave an anxious pulse and Sherlock rubbed the lower part of his palm over the area he could reach. John clenched his teeth and swallowed, begging himself not to come too soon.
The man turned sharply to study John, his eyes narrowed as he searched John’s face.  Finding whatever he was looking for, he said slowly, “Deduction.  It’s a crucial part of my work at the Met.  I’ve…that’s not what people usually say, however.  Brilliant, that is.”
“That one wasn’t long after our last game of the season, actually,” John said wistfully.  “We just barely beat Slytherin, one eighty to one seventy.  A bunch of the other seventh years and I decided to just have a scrimmage as a last hurrah type of thing.”  He pointed to the woman standing next to him, whom he had his arm draped over her shoulders.  As they watched, she latched her arms around his waist and squeezed him tightly, pulling a laugh out of him.  Sherlock heard the John seated next to him swallow and he clenched the fist that wasn’t holding his present.
After a few minutes, Cecelia’s sobs tapered down into sniffles with the occasional whimper.  John adjusted his position until he sat cross legged on the ground and he pulled her fully into his lap.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and rubbed her wet cheek roughly against the jumper that peeked out from the opening of his jacket.  John brushed her hair away from her face and kissed the corner of her eye where the tears still attempted to fall.  Lifting her head, she looked up at him properly and spoke louder.  “It’s not your fault, Da.  The bad man did it and it’s not because of you; he’s the one who decided to do the wrong thing and blame you, but it’s not your fault.”
John pulled back to survey his handiwork.  The skin of Sherlock’s thighs, once white and bare, had become rosy red and spotted with John’s teeth marks.  Faint nail crescents from where John gripped the tops of his legs to keep Sherlock still were blooming as John watched.  Sherlock’s face, meanwhile, was destroyed, his eyes hovering at half mast and his mouth thrown open in a noiseless gasp.  His fists clutched at the sheets, crumpling the duvet under him, and he flexed them under John’s scrutiny.
Mycroft’s throat worked through a swallow and he lowered his head.  “Nonsense.  You had already done more than required, for your country and your soldiers, than most do in their lifetimes.  You deserve to be lauded as the hero you are rather than feel guilt over the events that were beyond your control.”
“We found another note,” Sherlock confirmed, deflating Niall’s enthusiasm. He slumped back onto the desk with a sigh and ran a hand through his hair. “I wouldn’t worry yourself overly, however – I believe we’re close to uncovering the culprit.”
John passed her stocking down to her on the floor as he went to go make them tea.  Albus and Scorpius were due to arrive at ten, not long after the house elves would bring them all a small brunch to share.  Though the trip down to arrange the special meal took nearly an hour, Cecelia enjoyed herself and the elves seemed delighted by her.  By the time John brought out the three mugs, Sherlock was dressed and sat cross legged and leaning against the sofa next to Cecelia.  He accepted the mug with a smile and John took a seat above them near Sherlock’s head.  They watched Cecelia as she gradually made her way through the stocking, John running his free hand through Sherlock’s hair absentmindedly.
“I never said otherwise.”  They continued without speaking for several minutes, Sherlock grumbling to himself as he ducked between the laptop and his mass of notes and Mycroft merely watching.  Eventually he cleared his throat and stated, “I normally am one to encourage enthusiastic research, as you well know, but in this instance I’m afraid I’ll need to discourage your venture.”
“I…ex-excuse me?” he stuttered, his back straightening in an attempt at boldness that was lost in his uncertain words.  Sherlock took another bite and chewed it slowly before responding.
They didn’t have any traditional vases, so John chose a tall, unadorned water glass, filling it half full of water from the tap.  He arranged the flowers as best as he could and carried the ensemble back into his daughter’s bedroom.  For a moment he paused in the doorway, contemplating where was best to leave his decoration.  As he stood considering, the sun finally came across the windowsill’s bottom edge, sending a flashing bolt of summer sunlight across the entirety of the room.  With an almost indiscernible twitch of his lips, John walked past the crib to set the roses on the sill.  The sunlight reflected playfully through the water as it shifted from the motion of being set down, sending rays of sun darting over the ceiling.  John gave a quick nod of approval and returned to the crib, leaning over the edge to check on the baby below.  She continued to sleep soundly, her lips twitching occasionally as she suckled the air.  John rubbed his calloused thumb over her forehead, chuckling softly at her noises of approval.
“Astounding,” Sherlock muttered, turning the skull in a careful grip to study it.  “And no lingering side effects from the spell left over once it is complete.  More!”
His eyes widened at the suggestion and John laughed, leading him in the right direction.  They spent the next hour exploring the bookstore, gradually adding to Sherlock’s pile of books and even finding a few that John had never encountered before.  When they’d found enough to keep Sherlock properly amused on caseless days for at least a month, John brought their collection to the till and attempted to pay.  He was distracted by Sherlock’s fascination with the wizarding coins, however, and was forced to pass over one of each for his inspection before he continued.  While Sherlock amused himself with the money, John organized for them to retrieve their purchases at the end of the day and dragged him outside.
, John went to the hospital wing in the morning as usual.  Sherlock headed to the library, hoping to get into the restricted section to search for more books on technology and magic.  He didn’t show up at the Great Hall for lunch, unsurprising given how often he normally missed that meal when Cecelia wasn’t with him to remind him.  Frankly, John was grateful he had some time away from Sherlock, his nerves growing increasingly worse as the day went on.  He eventually gave up on doing any more work, leaving a sign on the hospital wing door on how to contact him as he locked up.
“I know where he’s taken her.”  Sherlock grabbed John’s hand once more and they rushed from the flat, both of them silently praying that they weren’t too late.
“You make the work better,” Sherlock added.  He leaned in closer to John and lowered his voice.  “And me.”
“There’s no such thing as coincidences.”  John released a shivering breath before composing himself with a strong sniff of his nose and a straightening of his spine.  He grasped Teddy firmly by his shoulders.  “Ted, listen to me.  We need to get Sherlock and Cecy out of here as soon as possible.  Do not let Mary see you, understand?  Ring Harry as quick as you can, tell him to get a force of Aurors here right away.”  He steeled himself with a firm squeeze of Teddy’s shoulders and made to enter the kitchen.  Teddy briefly halted him with a somewhat choked noise.
The street was less occupied than the central thoroughfares, so Sherlock steered the bike straight down the centre lane and increased their speed marginally.  Seemingly automatically, Sherlock hunched forward toward the handlebars, lifting his arse to display it conveniently for John.  The erection that had half-heartedly been growing since he first saw Sherlock in his riding gear furthered its interest at the promising sight.  Before John actively made the decision to do so, he raised himself enough so that his erection slotted into the curve of Sherlock’s bum.  The bike shot forward as Sherlock jolted at the movement, nearly knocking John off.  John dug his grip harder into Sherlock’s hips to keep them close and pulled Sherlock back into his seat and nearly into John’s lap in retaliation.
“Together.  Yes.”  Sherlock straightened his spine and his razor focus narrowed on the goods surrounding them.  “Now then.  Where are the cauldrons?”
Unable to properly respond at first, John swallowed and nodded. “Ah, thanks. I feel the same. About you, I mean.” He cleared his throat and stared at Sherlock’s hands, which still held the rope. “You’ll just have to choose a safe word again. And we’ll need to decide when we’ll be doing all of this, before we leave or during the performance.”
“Very well,” Sherlock said with a nod. “I’ll ensure that a few members of my network remain in the area just to be cautious. I’d rather be overly careful and certain nothing happens than leave the situation to chance.” With that, he swept from the building, John shooting them all hasty goodbyes as he followed quickly behind.
They managed to make their way through the entire exhibit before their time was up, Sherlock still giddy with excitement as he babbled on while they made their way out of the museum.  John thanked the security guard who saw them out before tucking one hand in his pocket and the other along the small of Sherlock’s back to guide him forward.  It was only once they’d found themselves seated at a corner table of a nearby pub that Sherlock paused, his eyes enormous as he gazed across at John.
“What the hell are we doing on the quad?”  John’s head stuck out of the door, his voice carrying down the corridor.  “Fucking…GREG!  Jesus, you’re like a kid in a candy shop today.”
“Yes, I’m fine, Cecelia,” he said equally quietly.  “Are you getting tired?  We’ve had a long day.”  When she nodded, Sherlock caught John’s attention by stroking his hand.  “I’m taking Cecelia back to our rooms,” he whispered into John’s ear.  Understanding instantly, John smiled and kissed them both.
“The Muggle world didn’t treat him much better,” Sherlock muttered, in a tone he thought was low enough to not be heard.
“Hey, if it’s something that’s bothering you, I want to know, remember?  This relationship is both of us, and that means you don’t have to deal with things alone.”
Impossibly, Mycroft straightened even more than usual.  “Do you really wish to know?  Keep in mind, Sherlock, that the information you gain can never be given back.  I don’t say this often, but perhaps in this case ignorance truly is the better of options.”
"Where in the ever living fuck…Sherlock! Did you snitch that in Azkaban? I swear to God if that is Harry bloody Potter's wand – "
“Not as far as I know, but John might know more on that.  I haven’t had the reason to do anything beyond seeing them to figure it out, and I’ve never had anyone try and use anything on me other than just asking me.”
For the next hour, John mingled and flirted, trying to stop his attention from fixating on Sherlock instead of their audience as anticipation for the main event built. After what felt like ages, an employee dressed in costume to match called everyone to attention and ushered the customers upstairs, leaving John and Sherlock to wait until they were settled and summoned.
Sherlock’s chest rose and fell in deep gasps as John sucked lightly and pulled away to brace his forehead against Sherlock’s groin.  He buried his nose into the dark curls there and yanked at his own fly, attempting to steady his desperate fingers.  Once Sherlock realized what he was doing, he lowered a hand to card through John’s hair, scratching at his scalp in silent encouragement.  John whined and caught a small bit of tender skin between his teeth, carefully mouthing at the still trembling muscles of Sherlock’s pelvis as he worked himself to completion.  After half a dozen more pulls at his cock, he came across the floor with a muffled cry.
Sherlock smiled and nodded as he sat.  They subtly watched each other over Cecelia’s head as the rest of the professors trickled in and took to their chairs.  Thankfully, Doyle seemed to be seated at the opposite end of the table, but he still made a point to catch Sherlock’s eye as he entered.  He smirked at Sherlock before taking his seat and Sherlock forced himself not to frown in reply.
James shifted them aside with an encouraging hand on John’s shoulder, getting past to approach Mycroft.  As he stepped closer, Mycroft straightened his shoulders and smiled up at him.  James didn’t move to touch him, but he settled himself close to Mycroft’s side.  His hands dug deep into his trouser pockets and he returned Mycroft’s smile.
Somehow, despite all of the work he and Sherlock were putting into the investigation, John never found the means to tell Mary the truth.  He easily could keep the wizarding aspect out of his explanation; it wouldn’t be the first time he altered the story for the sake of concerned Muggle friends.  But sharing the sordid details of his parents’ deaths with her, not to mention the evidence coming out to suggest that the same individuals were at it again, seemed like an unnecessary burden to place on her.  Harry and Sherlock were already taking care of it and, if he were to be completely honest with himself about it, he never fully trusted her after what had happened the year before.  It seemed like far too much of a risk to share this new information with her, particularly when at his core John would prefer that she not be involved.
“Sure.” The two of them remained silent for a moment, unsure how to continue after such an emotional moment on John’s part. Eventually Niall asked about one of the cases from the blog, and the two of them spent a pleasant morning chatting about what each had been up to since university. John felt much more relaxed as he slung the bag over his shoulder and said his goodbye to Niall hours later before heading back home.
“These are the ones I’ve enjoyed the most in the past,” Sherlock said, his voice shockingly casual considering he just showed John his entire collection of sex toys. “I’ll let you choose which you’d feel more comfortable using.”
“Just some hand jobs. I didn’t want to start off with anything too wild.” While he opened one of the packages, John watched Sherlock do the same with the other out of the corner of his eye. “You, ah…have done this before, right? It’s just, Mycroft said…and if this is your first time, it really should be in a better situation than this – “
“Yeah, it should, we hope,” John said as he stood with a glance at Sherlock.  “Can I get you both anything?  Wine?  Water?  Juice?  I made sure to get something that both you can Cecelia could have too, Molly.  I wasn’t sure what would be best…Greg mentioned that you were having trouble keeping some things down.”
John scrambled to pick up his jacket and follow Sherlock down the stairs. He bypassed the main floor to go down to the ground floor, where more of Lestrade’s crew mingled about. Niall sat in one of the chairs by the window, his shoulders slumped and his face white. John made his way over to him and sat beside him.
“Sherlock.”  John sighed and rubbed his face before following Sherlock to his feet.  He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and rested his cheek against his back.  “Of course it’s not bothering me; I’m just worried about you, that’s all.  I’ve never seen you so…I dunno, worked up, I guess?  You’ve never hidden away from a problem like this before and it’s freaking me out a bit.  If all of this is because of Doyle, something needs to be done about it.”
“That was the first thing I checked when we found them – both wands secured and unmoved.  We even did a few Prior Incantatos on them to check out the last spells the wands cast.  They were the same as when we brought them in, just the curses they sent at the two of you before John knocked them out.”
A bit like Arthur Conan Doyle (in the faraway past) who wrote books that were totally imbued with this metaphorical ‘light’ (=Watson’s love for Holmes), but only indirectly, never openly. In a sense, ACD never showed us the ‘source of light’ openly either. He never exposed it directly. But his books are drenched in this golden ‘light’ indirectly...through and through.
) about the five Sherrinford tasks (the one which I now think wasn’t really good in that it didn’t realise that ‘murder’ in TFP is just metaphorical ‘murder’ not real murder), the five tasks Sherlock has to solve in TFP correspond to the five series Mofftiss have (probably) planned for the show BBC ‘Sherlock’. I still stand by that assertion even though my original meta was probably wrong on a few vectors (mostly the metaphorical ‘murder’ thing).
Mark Antony met Cleopatra in Tarsus. Plutarch tells us that Cleopatra arrived aboard a ship that had gilded planks and silver oars, that the ship was luxuriously decorated with flowers and expensive silks, and that all the servants aboard were beautiful women dressed as nymphs and naiads.
Well, Sherlock doesn’t just duck behind the sculpture; he uses it as a shield. The sculpture shields his entire body from any harm:
Goethe was massively ahead of his time, and I think it’s a great gag that Sherlock who dreams of himself as a Victorian man in the 19th century who is ahead of his time likes an actual 19th-century man and author who was also, in turn, ahead of
Something has gone wrong! Instead of getting out (of his coma), the mere mention of AMO (love) has brought new players into Sherlock’s coma...or rather very old players: AGRA, I would argue, represent whatever happened in Sherlock’s past (possibly his childhood). AGRA are all about Sherlock’s literal family and what happened to it. It’s not a coincidence that AGRA is referred to as a ‘family’ by “Mary” in the very same episode.
Remember that whenever the ‘baby’ is associated with John and Mary, it’s their (!) relationship, not John and Sherlock’s, that it codes for.
In short, we have John holding his potential future relationship. Mary is on the one hand side, and Sherlock is on the other hand side. I.e., John has a decision to make when it comes to his potential future relationship. He has two options.
And John is still holding the ‘baby’ (=relationship) which in this case is neither unpleasantly screaming nor being cute. It’s neither-nor...We’re not even shown its face.
What we at first assumed to be a period ACD!canon piece turns out to be a drug-induced fever dream on a plane. It’s precisely at this moment, after Sherlock’s discovery of Moriarty’s “Miss-me” note, that the episode turns around, turns upside down (or inside out, whichever way you want to look at it).
And keep in mind that, in said restaurant scene, this Piet Mondrian-esque background is actually part of A CLOAKROOM!
‘The Abominable Bride’ is THE tilting point in the overall narrative of turning Sherlock into his own true self. This is the point where Moffat and Gatiss really ‘turn him over’ like a record that needs to reveal its other side – the side that hides his own true self. (
Lawrence was martyred by being roasted on a grate. As he made his famous “I’m done on this side,” quip, he was quite literally half dead and half alive. One half of his body was completely burnt, while the other one remained. He was literally somewhere in between life and death when he said that.
Isn’t that a nice visual way of telling us that our poor, sexually frustrated John is dumbstruck by the perfect, stubborn, impossible, loveable, sexy, and completely naked creature that is sitting on the sofa in front of him?
This is a bit of a trick question because throughout his pondering and wondering Sherlock comes to the conclusion that you cannot peel off the parts that you like about your beloved from the parts that you don’t like.
PS: Watch the beginning of that Tbilisi scene with the headphones cranked up to eleven: There’s laboured breathing underlying the very beginning as we cut into the embassy. Laboured breathing is what you hear in hospitals, isn’t it?
In other words, Howard Garrideb is John’s emotional state, as seen through Sherlock’s lens. Howard, the drinker with the shaking hand, is John’s emotions and feelings (they are obviously not in a good place).
There’s a nice Richard Wilson landscape right above Sir Carmichael and the fireplace (yellow circle). It depicts the city of Rome. Kinda nice of the holy city to keep a watchful eye on the guy, but it didn’t help him in the long run, did it?:) And yes, I’ve read about how Sir Carmichael is a Mary mirror, so instead of the Vatican, it’s probably the devil who’s watching him, ie, Moriarty. (More excellent meta on mirrors in TAB by
As I already mentioned briefly, the crown of roses the angel is crowning him with is an attribute of martyrs, too. But its symbolic meaning is narrower than the martyr’s palm branch. It refers to the victory of these martyrs, their joy of going to Heaven.
(BTW, this also nicely explains why Sherlock is so tan in s4. Sherlock now knows he is in love. He has consciously known ever since the wedding. Makes sense that he imagines the traces of that love all over himself.)
There, too, Sherlock was (subtextually) telling us that before John had a ‘baby’ (=relationship) with Mary, he had a ‘baby’ (=relationship) in Sherlock. But in TSoT, Sherlock literally said that John wouldn’t need him (Sherlock) around anymore, now that he had a real ‘baby’ (=a real relationship) on the way.
I mean, Mary even made sure in HLV to tell John what she thought of John ‘naming’ his ‘baby’ (=deciding what kind of relationship he wants): “Not a chance!”
3) The third level is the overarching meta level: the level that examines the relationship between author, audience, adaptations and the Sherlock Holmes character that has existed for more than 120 years.
The glorious I-know-exactly-what-painting-this-is moment happened as I looked at this specific painting in this scene in s3ep2 (TSOT):
What are we shown in this ASiP scene? Sherlock (who represents our BBC-Mofftiss-Sherlock show) beating that ‘dead horse’ (with a riding crop:)) that is the 120 year-old Sherlock Holmes character.
Remember how Sherlock behaved throughout series 3: He was visibly suffering, but was willing to go along with John’s
This waiter, who is probably happily, nervously awaiting the birth of his child, tells us what state of mind Sherlock is in at that moment: Sherlock is (subconsciously) expecting a relationship with John to begin any minute now.
And when I say heartbroken, I mean heartbroken about being in love with Sherlock. Obviously. John’s NOT heartbroken about his girlfriend-du-jour. That would be ridiculous!
And then Sherlock literally says that motherhood is slowing Mary down, which on the surface level is just a sexist remark, but...think about that on a subtextual level: John and Mary’s relationship is slowing Mary down (ie, a relationship with John Watson is not exactly one of Mary’s life goals). Well, we already knew she gave birth to that ‘baby’ (relationship) while she was in pain, so...
), Sherlock is seeking shelter behind this sign. The sign shields him from Zhi-Zhu’s bullets as he runs through the museum; the sign is there so he doesn’t get harmed in any way. This sign that reads, ‘Who are we?’ protects him. It is important!
Despite the blurriness of the painting, you can easily make that peach out from afar even in the screencap, yes, and even on the TV screen when you watch the show:
We also have Faust (and who could be more Faustian than Sherlock in his quest ‘to understand what holds the world together at its core’) who is shown in his dealings with the devil and who honestly thinks that the whole story is about him and the devil, no other players involved.
Note how, in this shot, the placement of the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ behind Clara underlines the parallel between them:
If, on the other hand, the makers of ‘Sherlock’ had only the unconscious/dreaming/dying aspect in mind, why not choose an unambiguous depiction of the god Hermes? Like, say, this lovely chap by Ernst Gustav Herter from Vienna:
Alex metaphorically ‘fixed’ his eyesight. He got rid of his shortsightedness. He *cough* ‘sees’ something that he didn’t use to see before. ‘Alex’ sees something now that John’s other aspect (Nathan) was blind to.
All that John is doing now is drinking and mourning. (Yeah, that definitely mirrors the hiatus between TRF and TEH.) The ‘baby’ relationship is gone.
This is a very important realisation for someone like Sherlock who (at least so far) has been depicted as emotionally immature.
Now, I don’t want to keep you waiting any longer. What painting is it? Who painted it? And what could it mean in the context of this scene and the show as a whole?
See, here’s the cool thing about art (not just about paintings and sculptures, but about films and TV shows, too): YOU DON’T HAVE TO CHOOSE.
had brilliantly pointed out how modestly the ‘knight’ has crossed his hands in front of his crotch here. As if to protect himself from his own sexual urges:
There’s also one reading of the murder weapons theme that, to be honest, I’m hesitating to discuss here.
It’s like the show added a giant, flashing arrow and pointed it right at the painting: “Pay attention to this, dear audience, a metaphorical painter means a metaphor!”
That love John felt left a trace on John’s body. (You could even argue that since the ‘sun’ only touched John’s face and hands, this could technically be evidence of John trying to not let that love touch him all over. John didn’t allow that love, that ended with John being wounded in the shoulder (=heart), to touch his entire body (=the affair with James ended without ever turning into something that swallowed John up entirely).)
The statue in the right staircase is the one towards which Sherlock is running in that scene in TBB. He jogs up the stairs towards it as he pursues the shooter.
John has a powerful homosexual side, but it didn’t pick up on what Sherlock was saying! John’s homosexual side didn’t hear what Sherlock was silently telling him.
Sherlock in a coma/unconscious/almost dead Sherlock is a Sherlock without a pulse, a Sherlock who isn’t living up to the potential of his character anymore.
And then we’re specifically told by Sherlock (=the show) that this is (now) “John and Mary’s baby” (=John and Mary’s relationship) that we’re looking at.
This is intentional as hell, seeing as this show is being written at a particular time in British history. The church scene (it’s a Christian church because obviously with John Watson it wouldn’t be another religion) stands for all organised religions, who give their blessing exclusively to heterosexual relationships, yet deny it to homosexual couples. Don’t believe me? Look up who opposed the marriage equality act in England: the Catholic Church urged its followers to sign a petition against it; the C of E criticized it (albeit in a more we-raise-our-eyebrows-in-utter-concern type of way); ditto for the Rabbinical Council, and the Muslim Council launched a campaign against it.
), you could argue that Mondrian’s iconic paintings are all about abstraction and that Sherlock is thus visually
The latter category is what I would like to address in this meta – one particular metaphor, to be precise: the baby!
Which again was foreshadowed in the same ASiP scene when Sherlock is literally trying to ‘get a reaction’ out of the body that’s lying there. (On the surface level of the text, Sherlock beats this dead body with a riding crop to see if bruises will form after death. But on a metaphorical level, he is trying to get a reaction out of himself, the ‘dead’ body. Just like John is when John is beating him in TLD. John, too, will be trying to get a reaction out of Sherlock in s4: He will try to wake him up.)
And since we have all by now worked out that John’s bisexuality isn’t an ‘equal-opportunities’ deal and that he is certainly not a 50-50 kinda bisexual person, we get that ‘lopsidedness’ expressed in Alex’s description, too:
It’s possible @meta-lock [...] is right about their observation that Vermeer was chosen because of his Christian name ‘Johannes’. It would certainly make a lot of sense and tie the supernova (exploding star) to John and all of his John!mirrors (Sherlock’s dad!)
Apart from the ‘Aphrodite of Knidos’ mentioned above, that ‘Sherlock’ episode also showcased a second (!) Venus, a ‘Venus Anadyomene’, in those museum scenes. As a matter of fact, it was a sculpture very similar to the ‘Venus de Milo’ used on ‘Doctor Who’.
Sherlock you are the most old-fashioned of boys. Dear god.:) You actually want to talk about the boyfriend-boyfriend-situation before you have sex? You want to engage with your heart in a heart-to-heart dialogue and want to tell the man you love that you want to be in a relationship before you take that next step.
All of these adaptations have turned Sherlock into a dead character that can only be gay on the inside (in his mind palace), torturing himself on the inside, but being dead, comatose and without a pulse on the outside.
For the purposes of this meta, I’m going to assume that the victim (Evans) represents Sherlock. It’s just a hypothesis, okay? But hear me out:
It’s almost as if the rational parts of his brain are sending out distress signals because they feel under attack from the overwhelming emotional parts of his brain. And because in Sherlock’s mind (as we’ve seen with the murder weapons), sexual and romantic emotions are linked to death and destruction.
) by Antonia Canova (BTW, amongst sculptors, this genius is a particular favourite of yours truly). And yes, just like the one on BBC ‘Sherlock’, this one is a ‘Venus pudica’ style sculpture, too.
In the canon story 3GAR, Holmes thinks that Watson is deadly injured, dying, and that’s why Holmes’s love for Watson breaks through Holmes’s cold mask, that’s why it shows at that particular moment. That’s why we, the audience, see it (through Watson’s eyes) at that point.
Both the meta and the comment below were originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 17 November 2017
And Nathan with his glasses who sometimes just doesn’t see things even when they are right in front of his eyes (=shortsightedness) is John’s brain. That’s all about how John doesn’t ‘get’ Sherlock. (Not yet...anyway...:))
Remember how ‘the case’ is John? Metaphorically speaking. (What with John pretty much being the small pink case that arrives in Sherlock’s life at the beginning, in ASiP, and John being the smiley on the wall that Sherlock keeps shooting because, you know, “Unsolved case: shoot the wall,” as Mrs Hudson told us in TLD.)
So, Sherlock has concluded that he hasn’t fallen in love with the John whose brain doesn’t ‘see’ that Sherlock desires him (the ‘shortsighted’ John, aka, Nathan). And that the John who has emotional problems (the John who suppresses his homosexual feelings with alcohol and goes through those very ‘unsteady’ heterosexual relationships like underwear, aka, Howard) is not the one who made him fall in love either.
A lot of people have already pointed out that there are parallels between Goethe’s ‘Werther’ and Sherlock, and that Sherlock owns a first edition of ‘Faust’.
And why was the scene flipped (when compared to ACD’s canon story 3GAR), with Evans as the victim and Garrideb as the killer?
Which obviously makes the ending of ‘The Abominable Bride’ all the greater: Because he doesn’t have to be scared. The connection between those murder weapons (read: sex) and death, doom, gloom and pain doesn’t have to hold.
And right after that fucking pirouette and that heart-breaking sentence (”live in hope of the right case”), right after that, at John’s fucking wedding, Janine says, “I wish you weren’t whatever it is you are,” and John walks into the frame as if by accident.
A huge peaCOCK. A butt-shaped peach. (And maybe, possibly, potentially, a symbolical deflowering.) And that nice tableau is literally drowning in grapes and has a wine glass standing at attention as if to tell us that this ‘deflowering’ could only ever happen if both participants were incredibly drunk and thus uninhibited.
Light sources are associated with John (and his mirrors) on this show: John is the sun, the stars, THE CONDUCTOR OF LIGHT. He is the one who warms Sherlock with his love (symbolically his ‘light’).
Why do I think the shortsightedness is meant to be read as a metaphor for John not always being on intellectually sparkling form?
Sherlock asks Mycroft (his brain) if John (his heart) can make a phone call (a connection of the heart) to the ‘baby’ (their relationship). So, for some reason it’s very important to Sherlock that BEFORE he engages in sex (=the explosion) with John for the first time, he gets feedback on their relationship status.
[The husband (=traditional Sherlock Holmes character) actually asks, "AMO?" as though he's still trying to work out what that even is.]
(Read more under the cut...unless you’re a huge fan of Mary who thinks her marriage to John is the best thing since sliced bread, in which case you should definitely give this one a pass...)
The entire conversation between the Half-Faced Man and the Doctor here is all about identity. The question of Who-am-I.
But that’s where she (Sherlock) is wrong. Sherlock doesn’t wake up from his coma yet; he has to confront that past (childhood?) trauma first. That’s why at that point in the story everything goes wrong and the hostage liberation attempt fails [=why Sherlock doesn't 'get out' of his coma at that point].
This was originally a short comment to the meta in the previous chapter. It was posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 11 October 2021
In Lawrence, we have a martyr figure who, according to tradition, never lost his dry wit and sense of humour, not even when he suffered the worst pain imaginable. Hm, does that remind you of anyone?
(As I said, everything about that painting is pure speculation. Nothing is certain there. So, again: I could totally be wrong on this one!)
At the height of the feast, Plutarch tells us, Cleopatra made an entrance dressed as the Goddess Aphrodite, the Goddess of Love. If you ask me, this can only mean that her costume, ahem, didn’t leave much to the imagination. Obviously we don’t know today whether it was see-through or just skimpy in general. But, according to legend, Mark Antony was so gobsmacked by the sight of her that he was instantly swept off his feet. He fell in love (and lust) right on the spot, head over heels, so to speak.
In TBB, the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ sculpture was more or less a stand-in for Sherlock himself. (All cut-off heads on BBC ‘Sherlock’ are stand-ins for Sherlock’s character. And this extends to all the different sculptural busts on the show, too.)
What if we’re supposed to read all of this on a meta-level? The painting is a self-portrait, after all.
We have now looked at two levels expressed in this scene: 1) the literal (textual) surface level and 2) the metaphorical/symbolic (foreshadowing) level of this scene.
And at the end of the show (s5), Mofftiss will do more than just that: They won’t just get a few reactions out of the character. They will bring him back to life. They will give him a beating heart again.
bisexuality on his sleeve. He even forgets about it (the flower), it seems to feel natural where it is. It’s only when people call him out on it and he realises that other people can actually see it that he feels uncomfortable with it and starts to back pedal.
The answer that you arrive at once you grow up and become a bit wiser is, of course, that it’s none of those things.
And that’s possibly the most brilliant part of this whole scene: They were brought on by Alex’s laser surgery!
First of all, let me quickly mention that Lawrence’s face looks a bit like Sherlock’s (if you squint). Even their expressions at that particular moment (!) in the episode are similar:
(Now, I don’t know if anyone has ever written any meta about this painting’s use on ‘Sherlock’, and I apologise if anyone has. Having written one single Johnlock fanfic in 2010 (after series 1 had aired), I have basically been absent from the fandom ever since, and I’ve only just started to catch up with what’s been going on. But from the quick meta browsing that I’ve managed to get done over the last couple of days, in part thanks to the brilliant
This abundance of sculpture subtext was not enough for whoever was having their Sherlock-y field day in that episode of ‘Doctor Who’:
What I would like to point out, though, is that, in art history, Hermes has been used, for a very long time, as a symbol for something else, too.
Yeah.:) This is our Sherlock at his haughtiest. He’s a bit of an arse even where it comes to the love of his life.
Let’s not even mention the suggestive fact that the whole fun about those two Venus statues is that they both have, well, a naked bum, a very naked bum, and that, in this shot, Jenny is...well, uhm, presenting her behind, as it were...whilst Clara (the other Sherlock!mirror) is staring right at it, Jenny’s bum, I mean. Let’s not even go into that...
Soo-Lin, who has just been left by John, is sitting on the floor too, just like Sherlock. But nothing is shielding her:
So, seeing as these sculptures play such an important role for the gay subtext of the show ‘Sherlock’,
In ASiP, John had an actual (!) tan. And Sherlock realised John had been to a war zone (either Afghanistan or Iraq) because of it.
You know what a peach looks like, right? You know that this is not exactly an original or novel dirty joke among dirty jokes.
It’s possible that Mofftiss flipped this whole ‘Garrideb’ scenario to tell us that they will indeed be showing us a ‘Garrideb’ scene (that we’ve all been waiting for), but that it won’t be a John-is-almost-dying-and-Sherlock-is-finally-showing-his-cards kinda deal like in ACD’s story. It will be flipped: We will see Sherlock almost dying (in his coma) and John showing his love for Sherlock.
(BTW, don’t worry about some of the minor details here. The original Praxiteles sculpture is lost; only copies survive. And the details in all the reconstructed versions and variations of it differ from copy to copy and replica to replica.)
I don’t know how this could be connected to the cannibalism theme and the loss-of-kidneys theme etc., but it seems that something is telling Sherlock that he is only a head right now and needs to reconnect with the rest of his body or else something bad will ‘eat him up’ (like cannibals tend to do!).
Also, keep in mind that, in the Georgian workshop in TST, we see three (!) copies of this bust. “My husband is three people,” comes to mind.:) So, it’s Sherlock, yeah?
John and Mary’s ‘baby’ (=relationship) is blessed and sanctified by organised religion...as is the case with relationships between men and women. So, no, this is not just a quaint lovely scene with a cute little kid.
Even if we leave aside for a moment Sherlock’s faked death in the Reichenbach episode, Sherlock is depicted as a martyr throughout the show. (Keep in mind the Christ metaphor going on at the beginning and at the end of series 3, for example. From what I’ve read, it was
Similarly, if Mofftiss actually go there with John, that will be their way of telling us, “We’re good at the art of perspective thing. Pay attention to it.” (And it’s obvious that the makers of Sherlock know their art history, as I discussed
The sculpture in Magnussen’s Mind Palace, the sculpture that represents Sherlock, is a (partial) copy of a Canova statue that is also known as ‘The Dancer’. Yessss. I know.
This little man with that arrow sticking from his eye tells us in a visual way that we should be paying attention to the way perspective is used in the fresco as a whole.
I concede that this book idea is mere speculation and that I have no proof for any of this whatsoever.
What we’re told in this baptism scene in TST is very, very important. And it’s not about a literal, actual baby christening at all.
That’s why, throughout the episode, there is so much emphasis being placed on the fact that this Doctor is really THE Doctor. That he might look a bit different, but that he is really THE MAN. That he is the same man. The real, the original one. That he’s real underneath, no matter what face he has right now. That point is really driven home a few minutes later in a phone conversation that Clara has: This is the real, the original HE.
To give you an idea of what this might look like, I have picked an example that has both the ledge and the large vase of flowers that rests upon it.
Note: No babies were hurt for the purposes of this meta.:) And as we all know, the ‘baby’ here is just a metaphor. The disgusting things I said above don’t apply to actual, real-life babies. Obviously.
But, as I said, bravo! Well done, John! You’re already toying with the idea. You’re showing your bisexuality-flower to your ‘baby’ (love life). That’s good. Very good.
In the end (at the end of ‘Faust II’), though, this turns out to be wrong: The devil who comes to collect Faust’s soul, which he has desired for so long, doesn’t get it.
, for this idea. This wouldn’t have occurred to me if you hadn’t pointed out how much TFP is like a near-death experience in our recent collaborative creative ‘shouting match’:
1) Cleopatra, a woman, who dresses up as the Goddess of Love. (Remember what I said about Sherlock being Cleopatra and John being Mark Antony?)
I have to admit, though, that I’m looking at this from the POV of an absolutely insane art geek. (Incidentally, I have just recently spent an entire hour standing in front of an actual real-life Vermeer, staring at it open-mouthed and with bated breath like the massive nerd that I am, incapable of tearing my eyes away.:))
Soo-Lin’s story tells us everything about Sherlock, exposes him to us, and yet it’s all still modestly hidden away.
And what can I tell you? It was used for the scenes between a gay (male) couple making googly eyes at each other.
If we run that through our metaphorical translator, this means that it was at the wedding that Sherlock ‘discovered’ the relationship that was about to begin between John and Mary.
It’s a famous and oft-copied sculpture by the 18th-century sculptor Jacques Saly: a bust of a young girl, also known as ‘La Boudeuse’ (the pouting/sulking one):
has been done to death. There have been more than 200 adaptations all over the world. The character has literally become a dead body with no pulse.
The dismembered country squire in TAB is probably a Sherlock mirror (seeing as ACD!Holmes is descended from country squires). And remember how his legs (ie, his lower body half, ie, his *cough* needs and urges!) are still missing. [...]
But, as cleverer people than I have pointed out ages ago, Sherlock is making an effort to be better: He has baby-proofed his flat. Every last piece of furniture is now rounded:
You ‘fix’ your metaphorical eyesight, and your first reaction is to panic and choose heterosexuality. Because, hey, if you have two options, why burden yourself with the more difficult one, yeah? (Except that, obviously, people can’t make rational choices like that about who they love, as John’s example proves. That’s not how love works.)
So, John understood...something (=had laser surgery). And THEN he instantly decided that he would choose to go with his heterosexual side (=wear new clothes and use a fake tan).
Ultimately, Lawrence was, first and foremost, one thing: A good man. Not just a great man, but also a good one.
Last but not least, if it is, indeed, one of those training manuals issued by the War Office, then we should keep in mind that the Royal Coat of Arms features a nice little lion. And the lion theme seems important on ‘Sherlock’. John has been likened to a lion again and again (there were at the very least
somewhere, but I can’t find it right now), so I will try to be brief; I’m sure I’m, by no means, the first one to be pointing this out, and there’s probably no need to dwell on this.
If whoever told Gatiss to use Vermeer (probably a set designer) knows his stuff, he will probably know that, too.
They are talking about Soo-Lin and Andy’s interest in her. But, as cleverer people than I have pointed out time and again, Soo-Lin is a mirror for Sherlock.
Anyway...so when Praxiteles finished the statue, there was an uproar because of her state of undress.
Moriarty is the ‘devil’. The ‘devil’ metaphorically ‘created’ this ‘baby’ (=this relationship). The subtext couldn’t be any clearer.
Unfortunately they also cut off that Canova sculpture’s head and presented it to us as a bust. But with Sherlock pretending to be all-brain, a head without a body, so to speak, the fact that we’re shown only its head was a fitting choice, I think.
There are quite a few clues hidden in those tapestries that tell us what is going on in this episode and in the show as a whole.
One of the things that always hits me about Vermeer is the way he painted light. I swear there’s nobody else who could do that the way he did. It’s this indirect light inside of a room, a light whose light source we, the viewers, never get to see. It’s very noticeable (please, actual art history majors, come out of the woodwork and support me on this, because I’m not actually one of you, but I’m pretty sure I’m right on this one).
By the way, let’s take one more look at the brilliant staging of this scene (and not just because I want to get another glimpse of Howard Garrideb’s shapely behind;)).
. (Suffice it to say that the discrepancies between his facial features and the ones of known accurate depictions of Antinous are just too numerous to ignore.)
And from the way the above scene was filmed, it’s obvious that we’re supposed to read the lion as a guardian here. The lion is guarding the banker. The lion is the protector and defender. Nice. That’s our John, basically.:)
In any case, this Anadyomene-type Venus sculpture is half-draped and thus half covered and half exposed – like the subtext of the show.
The same people who named the ‘patience grenade’ that caused the gigantic, erm, ‘explosion’ in s4: DX 707, which (as I’ve explained
The whole place is littered in plates, plastic bottles and blankets. (This could also be John’s doing if he’s been there with Sherlock for a very long time, not really leaving his side all that often. Not even in order to eat or sleep.)
Well, the clothes are obvious, as I said above: Alex is putting on something that he, essentially, ISN’T. John is putting on the metaphorical ‘clothes’ of heterosexuality (=he got married to a woman).
In other words, John doesn’t want his and Mary’s ‘baby’ (=relationship) to be ‘brought’ on a case. He doesn’t want his and Mary’s relationship to interfere when he’s up and about with Sherlock. He wants his and Mary’s relationship to stay away from him when he’s together with Sherlock. As far away as possible.
So, @shiplocks-of-love asked me sometime before Christmas to write something about the ‘Three Garridebs’ scene in TFP, and I’ve been typing ever since...basically.:) See the finished result of this blood-sweat-and-tears exercise below.
And the shaking hand is probably even more interesting: John’s hand starts to shake when he turns into a civilian again (=when he returns to his ‘more civilised’, aka, heterosexual life). It didn’t shake while he was at war (=living a homosexual life), and it stopped shaking when he met Sherlock (who is compared to a battlefield in ASiP). As many people before me have pointed out the code here is:
I think I might have found another hint that ‘The Final Problem’ (s4ep3 of ‘Sherlock’) is fake. This is from ‘The Blind Banker’ (yeah,
Howard Garrideb is such a clear John!mirror we don’t even have to think about this part of the puzzle for very long: He drinks and his hands shake. Everyone who has a drinking problem on this show is a John!mirror (cf. here (
And we know from TSOT what Sherlock worked out during John’s wedding that he (Sherlock) was metaphorically ‘murdered’ (=fell in love).
Now, I’m sure you’re all as adept at using wikipedia as I am, so I needn’t say that Hermes is the god of merchants, messengers, thieves, and tricksters, etc. You can read up on all of that yourself.
Sherlock must feel under a lot of pressure from all those pesky feelings overrunning his rational brain centres if he’s dreaming up something like this secret cult of the ‘League of Furies’.
In any case, it seems like this menu is showing us John’s bisexual options yet again, and one of those options looks nicer than the other. Quel surprise.
That’s difficult to understand for somebody who’s on the 100% gay or 100% straight end of the spectrum. But if you’re not, this is probably something that you would recognise (I guess).
And obviously we don’t know yet if that is all going to stay in the subtext or if something is, indeed, going to happen to either John’s or Sherlock’s eye textually. If something really happens that blinds either of them, that would not take away from the metaphorical message at all. After all, everything that happens on this show is a metaphor. So, the metaphorical reading could remain exactly the same.
Note how this scene was filmed: Sherlock (divided into Sherlock, ‘John’ and ‘Mycroft’) is on the inside and the three John!mirrors are on the outside. Sherlock (inside his own mind) is looking outside at John and trying to solve this case.
To make sure, we understood that, Mycroft specifically asks at that very moment, “What is this? What am I looking at?”
To complete this whole tableau in front of us, we get a depiction of the Goddess Aphrodite (Venus) standing behind the couple, her hand outstretched above their heads in benediction. Yes, the Goddess of Love is literally blessing (!) the two lovers just as they’re turning their faces towards each other, about to kiss, absorbed in whatever this little sex game of theirs is.;)
This act of covering one eye that painters perform routinely during their first preparatory sketches is sometimes even alluded to in the finished art itself: [...] if, in the painting itself, an artist then shows us a character with one damaged or blind eye or with an arrow sticking from one of his or her eyes, this is their clever way of telling us, “Pay attention to how perspective is used in this painting. I’m a good painter, I know my stuff about the art of perspective.”
Don’t forget that in the original canon ACD!books, the story is told from John’s point of view. He is the narrator. Having him lose an eye, literally means having him change perspective on something. It means, we, as an audience, get a different point of view...
Ergo, this Piet-Mondrian-ante-room is a cloakroom, a type of walk-in wardrobe...or in other words: A CLOSET!
I don’t think any of this is a coincidence. I think, the showrunners know what they were doing when they rented ‘Goldsmiths’ Hall’ to film these scenes.
Sherlock Holmes has become the pipe and the hat and the horse carriages and the gas lamps and the cases, the man who frowns on love and/or falls in love with Irene Adler, the man who says, ‘Elementary, my dear Watson,’ even though he never did that in the books.
Just as with John, who we are meant to understand is considering his own love life and his options when he is all alone with the ‘baby’ (see above), Sherlock’s interaction with the ‘baby’, while he is all on his own, tells us something about Sherlock’s POV on his own love life, on his own future relationship.
Of course, one could simply interpret this as foreshadowing of the fact that John will father a girl in s3-4. But since I’m still not that convinced that Rosie is even real, let’s take a look at this bust from a different perspective.
A dark one, yes, but also a creative one. And her tasks are NOT about torturing Sherlock. They are all about self-realisation. They are a chain of epiphanies that Sherlock needs to go through to finally realise where he has gone wrong.
John (=Sherlock’s heart) complains about what Eurus does. Eurus throws the third Garrideb into the ocean, too. And then literally tells John (=Sherlock’s heart), “Does it really make a difference condemning the innocent instead of the guilty...Let’s see...No, that feels pretty much the same.”
And this time it’s the Doctor who’s mirroring the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ bust as he’s shown to us in profile, facing the same direction.
Because why else would they put Nathan Garrideb (in the photograph) in front of a car? Cars are ‘transport’ (aka body aspects) on this show. Cars are about sex.
And since I’m almost certain that John Watson will be the one to wake Sherlock up in s5 (or to be involved in his waking up somehow), this will also mean that this new awakening of THE ‘Sherlock Holmes character’ will happen through love, through gay love, to be precise!
It’s a bit blurry, but I’m willing to bet that this is a ficus. And you know, ‘ficus’ is slang for ‘gay man’ in some languages. Because a ficus is, erm, tall, wispy and sort of sprawling all over the place...like...I hate to say this, but there’s an ironic eye twinkle in this and I’m saying this with love, really...like Sherlock!:)
I think it was LSiT (and other bloggers) who suggested that the bust in Magnussen’s Mind Palace could represent Sherlock.
This could be just another allusion to something natural coming out the moment you don’t cut it down and into submission.
And as we will see in a minute, Sherlock will not only solve this case...Once he solves it, he will then proceed to throw out his own answer and realise that the whole question was ridiculous to begin with.
This is a sculpture by the French Art Déco sculptor James Andrey (which has been copied about a thousand times and is often sold as some kind of paperweight):
The lion is definitely there to protect that Soo-Lin look-alike doll in the case. It’s even looking in that direction.
Oh, and by the way: Nicely placed, those two statues on ‘Doctor Who’. Note the shot composition here, with the two sculptures positioned behind Vastra and Jenny, respectively:
This is not technically a meta about an actual, real-life painting because obviously the Vermeer in 'The Great Game' (TGG) was a fake. Nonetheless, like many of you, I suppose, I kept wondering why exactly Moffat and Gatiss chose Vermeer for this episode. Why not some other artist? Here's why I think they did.
[... The] ambassador is [...] the [impatient] voice inside [Sherlock's] head that suspects he needs to stop pretending to be a machine. It’s this courageous voice that tells her frightened [husband] that she has, “AMO!” She’s the part of Sherlock that knows and has acknowledged the importance of love.
Now, this is where it gets interesting. Because the original war memorial was built to commemorate three wars of the Victorian era, the military campaigns in Burma and South Africa aaaand, wait for it ...
John says something about the ‘baby’ (=his relationship with Sherlock). And the word choice (“scientific fact”) implies that he is quoting Sherlock.
of Antinous; the Emperor Hadrian loved him fiercely, after all. The set designers of ‘Sherlock’ could have chosen any of these for their scene.
Both times one of the statues is an obvious ‘Venus pudica’ and the other one is a sub-type: a ‘Venus Anadyomene’.
Because...Who says that you have to choose? It doesn’t have to be one or the other! In art, it can be BOTH THINGS AT THE SAME TIME! Both meanings can be true.
) about the five Sherrinford tasks. Although I think the broader assumption I made in that meta about the five tasks mirroring the five series of the show still holds water. But where I went wrong back then was specifically in assuming that this case was about an actual, real-life murder.)
Anyway, it’s nice to know that the lions are flanking them both: John loves and protects both aspects of Sherlock, the frightened one and the emotional, [impatient, essentially more] optimistic one at the same time.
But let me, just for the sake of completeness, return to the firsts scene filmed at Tyntesfield. There are several paintings on the wall behind the breakfast table here:
Yes, I know that the set designers have not built this particular set and that the tapestry was already there. But the way they chose to include it suggests that they know about its history.
Now, why would Sherlock try to solve his own metaphorical ‘murder’ again, you might ask. How does this make any sense? Sherlock has ALREADY solved it in TSoT, hasn’t he? He worked it all out during John’s wedding, right?
I hope this is the right kind of meta to get you into the Christmas mood (told you I was gonna have a little Christmas present for you).
Well, just to add to what I said about Winckelmann and his enthusiasm for the Apollo Belvedere above:
In the other one, Sherlock survives being shot at because John’s representation (the sculpture!) protects him.
Gee, I wonder what John should change about his life? The fact that that other John!mirror in the room (Molly) says, at that very moment,
Today, girls and boys, we’re gonna talk about an instance of outcome No. 4 that happened to me recently when I re-watched a scene of the TV show ‘Sherlock’.
The ‘Apollo Belvedere’ turns up one more time in ‘Deep Breath’. And it’s NOT in Madame Vastra’s living room.
That’s why, in the context of TSOT, I would like to offer the peacock-as-a-metaphor-for-Sherlock’s-brain-trying-to-ignore-rather-obvious-erotic-urges interpretation for your consideration.
Also, while we’re at it: Let’s keep in mind that Mary is very, very visually shown to be in pain, ie, Mary did NOT enter into that relationship with John on her own terms. It pained her to do that. Somebody (*cough* Moriarty *cough*) forced her to do it. She was not happy at all when that relationship started.
Fair warning: If you were shocked at how quickly I turned the discussion of the peacock painting into a sex joke in that other post, this post might not be suited to your tastes either. Because this will all be about sex, and probably even more openly, shockingly so. (Sorry, not sorry.:P)
(By the way, if you’re into EMP, which you don’t have to be, but personally I’m more and more drawn to this theory...so, if you’re into EMP, this gets even better, because then this sculpture isn’t sitting in Magnussen’s Mind Palace at all. It’s sitting in Sherlock’s Mind Palace. This is how he sees himself! ‘The Muse of the Dance of Love’. Good God! Save me...My poor heart!)
Is it because Edward Ladell was a Victorian? His works could easily have hung in Arthur Conan Doyle’s or Sherlock Holmes’ flats.
Well, and then there’s, of course, the tea pot in the foreground of the frame. But others have written a lot about the drink code already, so I’m not going to go into that.
This houseplant is literally called the “monstrous” or the “abnormal”. You do understand where I’m going with this, right? Mofftiss have repeatedly used this metaphor in (and even outside of) their show because it’s something that has been done A LOT in Victorian horror stories. Think of the brilliant meta ‘Ghost stories are gay stories’ (
By the way, if you believe, like I do, that Sherlock is in a coma and that all of s4 – at the very least – is in Sherlock’s mind, then this scene is such a brilliant über-metaphor. Sherlock is on the inside, ie, inside his own mind, in his extended mind palace (EMP). John is on the outside. Sherlock is in his coma and he is contemplating John, who is ‘outside’ the coma.
What’s more, it happens in the ‘Doctor Who’ episode ‘Deep Breath’, an episode that has the most blatant, most brazen, Sherlock-y subtext I have seen in any of the Vastra/Jenny episodes.
Aaand the camera treats this one painting differently from all the other paintings shown in ‘The Abominable Bride’ (TAB):
And THIS John, this John who doesn’t ‘see it’ isn’t the one Sherlock fell in love with. Or so Sherlock tells himself here. This one didn’t ‘kill’ Evans (=Sherlock).
And then, Gatiss gives us the most political statement about John and Mary’s relationship we will get in this episode. (Remember that whenever the ‘baby’ is associated with John and Mary, it’s THEIR relationship we’re talking about, not John and Sherlock’s.)
But obviously we all know what it is that they’re all three looking at in the screenshot above: the ‘dog’ (homosexuality metaphor!). So, we know how this will all turn out, right?:)
And since I believe that all of s4 happens in Sherlock’s head, we can even say that Sherlock is trying to tell himself here that that past quasi-relationship John had with him wasn’t always a very good one for John. John had to endure a lot. Sherlock was very demanding. John had to be at his beck and call all the time. Their relationship involved a lot of one-sided praise (“Oh, you’re so clever,”) and never a word of thank you in John’s direction.
And Mofftiss will be the first ones to adapt 3GAR for the screen, but they will flip it. John will believe Sherlock is deadly injured and show his love for Sherlock.
And let’s not even go into the whole ‘her mouth – a crimson wound’ thing. Because, trust me, I’m the least qualified guy to discuss vagina symbolism...Erm, yeah...
His love affair with Cleopatra did not meet the approval of Roman society, one of the (many) reasons for this being that Mark Antony was already married (!).
(John didn’t exactly have a cultic centre of worship built over Sherlock’s “grave” and he didn’t name an entire city after him either, but other than that...well...)
But I think I don’t even have to go looking for my copy of ‘Traumdeutung’ and copy-paste any quotes from it, in order to convince you that, well, you know, sometimes a gun is exactly what you think it is because...a dagger ‘penetrates’ the body and a gun ‘ejaculates’ bullets.
But what could it possibly mean? How does this pretty still life fit in with the gigantic peacock painting we’ve already discussed (
Sherlock pulls back a little, grinning at him. John meets his gaze, concern growing as Sherlock’s smile slackens and his face becomes more serious.
John found himself clenching his fists again. All he wanted to do right now was punch Mycroft. After all, Mycroft had gotten them into this mess. If Mycroft had just kept his mouth shut and not fed Moriarty all that information…
Done with the guards, Sherlock walks over to Boone and sits beside him. He lets his eyes fall on his hands, heavily bandaged. It would seem he also threw punches in the holding cell fight.
When they get home, Mrs. Hudson and Rosie are there waiting for them. They sit around the table, eat some food, and tell Mrs. Hudson about the case. Both Sherlock and John are much more composed than they were with Lestrade, and have no trouble carrying the conversation.
They’d had plenty of attempts, today and in their earlier sessions, where John had lost his balance, stepped on Sherlock’s feet, or simply burst into giggles. Why for that last one, it wasn’t easy for John to explain. Something about finding it all so absurd, but in a good way, and just being so ridiculously happy to have Sherlock back.
It happened one quiet afternoon when John was playing with Rosie. She had become very fascinated by building blocks, and John was showing her different structures she could build with different combinations of blocks. While John held her hand to help her grasp one of the bigger blocks, Rosie used her limited vocabulary to express her discomfort at the way his wedding ring brushed against her skin. John simply removed the ring, put it in his pocket, and continued playing with Rosie.
John closes his eyes, takes a deep, silent breath in and out, and opens them again. He turns his head a little faster than intended, causing his heart rate to spike and then fall back into a steady pace as he kisses Sherlock slowly on the lips. A gentle warmth spreads over them both, from their faces into their fingertips into their hearts.
Sherlock finds that he’s no longer looking at John’s hand. Now he’s studying his face. Even in its relaxed state, Sherlock can see the wrinkles. With a spike of alarm, he notices just how much John’s hair has greyed. He’s aging. They both are. They’re not old yet, but they’re not as young as they used to be, and it’s the little things like greying hair that remind them. Not to mention Rosie hitting all her milestones.
“Um…” he began sheepishly, rubbing his nose and clenching and relaxing his fist. It felt kind of silly to be speaking aloud to someone who couldn’t possibly hear him.
The three of them reconvene twenty minutes later, Sherlock and John passing Rosie off to each other while they pull on their coats.
They kiss again, and again, and again, each time sweeter than the last. They find each other’s faces with their free hands, their other hands still linked between them.
“Who needs a blog post?” John jokes. “I’ll just take a picture of this when we’re finished and leave the readers to figure out what happened themselves.”
His words caught up to him then, and his eyes snapped to Sherlock’s. He stared into the deep pools of blue-green, his breath evening out, the warm, gentle waves washing over him.
you faked it.” He lifted his head so he could speak coherently. “I want to know why. You said something about snipers?”
He held out his hand, and Sherlock took it, allowing John to pull him to his feet. From there, John embraced him like he should have done from the beginning instead of throwing him to the floor.
An almost dangerous excitement seizes him as he looks straight into the man’s swollen, terrified eyes.
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock frowned slightly, glancing away. “I had to do it. There were snipers ready to kill you, and-“
Pain consumed him. He clutched Sherlock’s coat again and began to shake his head, almost subconsciously. “You were dead on the ground! Your head was covered in blood! You…”
Leaving the microscope alone for a moment, Sherlock looks over at John to ask, “Does that bother you?”
“It’s quite all right,” John assures her. “Just know you’re always welcome.” He grabs a stool a few feet from Sherlock and sits down, continuing his conversation. “Rosie’s been an utter delight, as usual. Got to really keep an eye on her, though. She loves to make a run for it when we’re not looking!”
John stares for a moment, as Sherlock continues intently searching the contents of the microscope slide. His expression slowly becomes more content as he decides not to press the subject. Even if Sherlock hasn’t put his advice into practice, as far as John’s aware, he at least agrees with the sentiment enough to pass it on.
“Excellent, John.” Sherlock spins around again, holding up a finger. “I followed that exact train of thought myself.”
“Yes. I’m glad you… hold on.” John steps down the final step, which he has been standing on for a while, and looks at Mrs. Hudson curiously. “What does ‘myself’ sound like?”
“Nope.” Sherlock turns around as they reach the bridge, amusement clear on his face. John stops abruptly to avoid crashing into him. The detective reaches into his pocket and pulls out his little magnifying glass, holding it up triumphantly.
“Maybe someone intercepted it?” John suggests. “That Boone guy, maybe? He’s the prime suspect. Maybe he found the body and hid it, made sure there weren’t any traces of his DNA?”
With his head resting on John’s, Sherlock watches as Rosie shoves a few blocks under his armchair, and peeks under it, giggling. He smiles softly, then turns his head to press a gentle kiss to John’s hairline.
“Actually,” John whispers, as they fall back into the comfortable atmosphere of their soft breathing, the two of them against the rest of the world, “It’s more than okay.”
Sherlock’s eyes were wide open, as were John’s, and the minimal space between them had become charged with astonishment.
“Mr. St. Clair.” He just barely manages to stop his voice from breaking. “Do you have any idea what you’ve done?”
He had been perfectly safe, he realized. Sherlock was never going to drop him. How could he, when it was the rest of the world that dropped away when Sherlock took John into his arms?
“Scotland Yard concluded that there were clear signs of someone having fallen off the bridge, after a losing battle in getting back up. Must have clawed at it for a good thirty seconds.”
Sherlock had his hands clasped together in his lap, tapping his fingertips in the spaces between his knuckles. He noticed John watching him and decided it was time to speak again.
“Yeah, I am,” Sherlock responds lazily, continuing up the steps without slowing his pace. “Ask Greg Lestrade.”
“I’ve been well, John. Thanks for asking.” She smiles brightly at him. “How’s Rosie? I’m sorry I haven’t been by recently. Things have been a little busy around here. I’ll come visit her soon, I promise!”
Their hands don’t fit together perfectly. Sherlock knows this is because they have opposite dominant hands. He acknowledges this fact and then lets his mind move away from it. John’s hand in his could not feel more right.
His legs buckled under him, but he didn’t fall, because Sherlock held on to him. Shaking and sobbing, he went completely limp as Sherlock carefully lowered him to the ground. He let go of his coat, and Sherlock held him close, practically cradling him in his arms.
“You’re a suspected murderer, obviously I’m going to look into you. I tried, but found no records of this Boone. Amateur. I mean, really. If you’re going to fake your death, at least have your new identity be plausible. At this point, I started to suspect, so I double-checked the marks, and then I tested Boone’s blood. Sure enough, AB negative. Again, could be a coincidence, but with everything else not adding up, it just made too much sense.” He takes a quick breath. “Now, Mr. St. Clair, what do you have to say for yourself?”
The only sound was his pulse in his ears. Sherlock had gone still again, with an expression John couldn’t read, because he never could quite read his face.
The disbelief. The unwillingness to accept that Sherlock was truly dead. The desperate need to just wake up and realize it was all just a terrible dream.
Mary deserved to be happy. And John knew that although he would try his hardest, he could not give her the happiness she deserved.
John peeks nervously toward Molly, and is relieved to find that she’s not upset. Just a bit flustered.
John wasn’t sure how long he stood there, hiding his face as if he could hide from what he’d done. It probably wasn’t more than a few seconds. Sherlock never wasted any time.
“All right, so I panicked!” he finally spits out. “You saw through it. Congratulations. What are you going to do with me now?” If his eyebrows were in any shape to be moved, he would probably be raising one of them. “I’m not a murderer.”
He picks up a cube from on top of another cube and sets it beside the cube instead. Before Sherlock can prompt him, John places the little bridge across the two blocks.
Maybe keep him away from Magnussen’s office? But Magnussen needed to be stopped, and it all worked out in the end, didn’t it? In a very twisted way.
His voice was close to monotone, despite the reassuring words, and he tripped over a few of them. He paused for a moment and cleared his throat. When he spoke again, his speech had improved, but he still sounded like he was rattling off deductions.
“If it were up to me, Dr. Watson, I wouldn’t be doing this. Frankly, I believe you are a liability.”
Neville St. Clair looks at him, and John sets his jaw. Whatever the explanation is, he supposes he’ll hear it soon. For now, it’s time to square things with Scotland Yard.
“Hold on.” John pauses in the act of taking his phone out of his pocket, staring at Sherlock with both skepticism and incredulity. “How? And why?”
John turned to Mycroft, figuring if he stared him down long enough, he might clue him in. But Mycroft kept his head faced forward.
Maybe, John realizes, they aren’t really going to talk about it. Maybe they don’t need to. It really wasn’t such an out-of-place thing to happen. He certainly hadn’t been prepared, but there’s only so prepared you can be. He had the sense that it was going to happen eventually, even if he never payed much mind to it. And now it had happened, and it felt like the most natural thing in the world.
“John.” Sherlock’s mouth twitches into a light smirk, one that John doesn’t catch since Sherlock’s back is to him. “When have I ever had a
In the sitting room, Sherlock is walking in circles, softly speaking deductions to himself. His gaze passes over John in the doorway, and he momentarily snaps out of his mind palace.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered. “John… I’m so sorry.” There was so much pain in his voice, just like there had been during the phone call. “If there had been any other way… any other way, I would have…”
Sherlock clasps his hands together in his lap, ready to wake John if he shows any sign of fitful sleep.
“Why do you think your death affected me so much?” John finally lifted his head. “Why do you think, while everyone else moved on with their lives after they grieved, I went through every day like a dead man walking? Why do you think I spent so much time at your grave, begging you to come back and give me one more miracle? Why do you think…”
And then, as always, there was John’s heart dropping into the ground and shattering. The sudden emptiness of reality.
After two flights of stairs, they enter the hallway. Sherlock leads the way to Boone’s cell and stands looking in through the bars.
He leans in, and their lips meet and hold for a moment. He closes his eyes against the rush of emotion, and when he opens them again, John is right there waiting for him.
With another glance toward Mrs. Hudson, who stood patiently waiting for him a good distance away, he stepped over to the gravestone and carefully rested his hand on it, awkwardly shifting his fingers.
“Sorry.” Lestrade holds up a hand to stop Sherlock’s next barrage of syllables. “You lost me at Boone’s background. Could you speak a little slower?”
“He wouldn’t have had time.” Sherlock begins rattling off information again. “He was found on the bridge and immediately taken in for questioning. So the question remains. Where is the body?”
“Now, you gave blood fairly recently,” Sherlock continues. “Blood type AB negative, the rarest blood type. The blood collected from the bridge was also AB negative. Could be a coincidence, but the universe is rarely so lazy. Now, maybe you did that on purpose, and if you did, I commend you, because that was brilliant, really. But what you didn’t account for was that someone might also test your blood as Hugh Boone.
“You’ve improved,” Sherlock murmured, and John knew that was the highest praise he was going to get from him.
He tries to imagine that he’s just woken up at different points in time. He moves backward, thinking back to crucial moments and how he might have done things differently under the influence of a foreshadowing fever dream.
But then Sherlock shifts his eyes just a little and finds himself looking at John, and John looking at him. They both immediately avert their eyes. Sherlock pauses his speech for half a second- what was he talking about? Oh yeah, Neville’s hands- and chatters on, unable to stop himself from sneaking another glance at John, who apparently chose that exact moment to do the exact same thing. He doesn’t look away this time.
“That guy who was just here. He’s not a sociopath. Or a psychopath, or a criminal mastermind. He’s not living a double life.”
Hand-in-hand, running from the police. Afraid, but alive. In the company of someone he trusted with his entire heart.
Sherlock shifts his weight back a bit and crosses his arms, the amusement quickly dropping from his face.
His footsteps aren’t the only sound echoing through the flat. As he approaches the kitchen, he can hear another pair of footsteps.
John will stand up, tell Sherlock his simple observation, and Sherlock will roll his eyes, tell him he sees but never observes, didn’t he notice the splinters, the direction of the scratches, didn’t he notice how they point
“I don’t know.” John picks up a rectangle, turns it in his hands a few times, and sets it back where it was. “I’m thinking maybe something like,
“Apologies,” he calls softly, and Boone lifts his head in surprise. “I believe I addressed you by the wrong name earlier.”
“And that’s what you were going on about last night,” John chimes in. “It’s in the splinters, you said. Going to tell me what the hell that meant?”
John carefully closed his hand around Sherlock’s wrist, almost afraid that if he held on too hard, he would disappear.
Sherlock begins explaining again, making a conscious effort to keep a steady pace to his words. Lestrade nods, evidently understanding a lot better now.
John’s brain short-circuited. His thought process was clouded by the dreamlike fog. He still couldn’t believe this was real.
As he says this, Sherlock glances subconsciously at John. He’s not expecting to find John looking right back at him. An intense look passes between the two of them, and Sherlock finds his gaze lingering.
He bowed his head, his hands clenching tighter than before, tears beginning to run from his eyes and fall to the ground. He brought a hand to his face and let himself cry for a moment.
“All right.” He attempted to glare at him, but his face twisted into a smile. “I’m going.” And he turned to walk out the door, struggling madly to keep a neutral expression.
Boone gasps in pain as Sherlock begins to peel off the bandages. Sherlock makes a conscious effort to be more gentle, knowing that if one of his two ideas is correct, he’s not dealing with a murderer.
Even as he said it, John knew there was no use challenging Mycroft. He had always been a bit of a pushover. Whatever was going on here, he honestly didn’t care. It couldn’t be any worse than the void.
“Go on.” Sherlock hands him the glass, and John takes it, eyeing him suspiciously. “Go look at the wood and let me know what you find.”
“There were times I didn’t even think you were human, but… let me tell you this. You were…” He fixed his eyes on the gravestone, imagining he was looking right into Sherlock’s eyes. “The best man.. and the most human…” He struggled for the right word, then gently shook his head at himself. “Human being, that I have ever known, and no one will ever convince me that you told me a lie. So…”
With a little quirk of his eyebrows, Sherlock adds, “I believe there’s been enough of that already.”
their lips slamming together again and again, at various intensities and angles, their hands and arms fumbling, struggling to hold each other closer despite already being chest to chest, desperate, desperate indeed, desperate to get back all the time they had lost.
“I- I don’t understand,” John stuttered. “How- you…” He continued to stare at Sherlock, his eyes wide and his breathing ragged. “I
He catches up to Sherlock and walks down the path just a few paces over his shoulder. Sherlock glances over to make sure he’s there, then begins to recap the case.
They sat in their chairs for a while, looking in different directions, no words spoken, in many ways out of respect.
He sits back down where he’d been before and watches Sherlock prepare a few microscope slides. The stranger leaves, wishing John luck with the little one on his way out.
There were people in the street around him. People who probably knew who he was. A few tried to approach him, but decided better of it. At least, that’s what John could deduce from the shoes that seemed to be pointed toward him, which then hesitated, and turned away. Sherlock would be proud of him. Or maybe he’d just shake his head and start pointing out all the apparently obvious things John hadn’t picked up on.
“How do you know he’s alive?” John stays where he is, even as Sherlock starts for the door. “And didn’t you just see Boone? Why are we going back to see him when you were
John couldn’t remember when the first shoe had fallen. All he knew was that the other shoe had dropped, and he had both feet on the floor now. He could stand tall again, maintain his balance.
“I’ll leave you alone, to,” Mrs. Hudson’s voice cut off, and she turned away from John, raising her hand to her lips. “You know.”
“Sometimes.” His voice catches. He breathes evenly to get it back. “I don’t know. Does it ever just... hit you?”
John kissed him again with the same intensity. He started to shake again, but he ignored it and held their faces together, still at a bit of an awkward angle.
“Yeah.” John chuckles. “We found something quite big. Not a body,” he quickly states, and Mrs. Hudson visibly relaxes. “A clue.”
He joins John at the center of the bridge, holding out his hand for the magnifying glass, which John passes to him. He puts it away again and places his fingers under his chin, staring pensively out at the water.
“I’d prefer to stick around, actually,” Sherlock replies coolly. “I need to make sure the evidence isn’t tampered with.”
Sherlock became still again, seemingly unsure what to do with his hands. He ultimately decided to just let them drop back to his sides.
The spots in his eyes dissipating, John forced himself to return his gaze to Sherlock. He didn’t know what he was expecting to see, so anything would have caught him further off guard. Perhaps he just wasn’t prepared to actually look at him again.
He almost called for a cab, then stopped, his arm just hovering in front of him. Where did he even want to go? Where even was there
So he just continues to look at John’s face, placing his fingers back under his chin as his chest aches with fondness. He thinks of all this man has been through, all Sherlock himself has been through. All they’ve had to face, both together and apart, only to end up right back here with each other.
“Oh?” Sherlock puts on a pensive expression, twisting his mouth and angling his eyes toward the ceiling. “I was just here earlier.”
As Sherlock searches for somewhere this new block might fit, John suggests another title with no intention of actually using it.
Then, there’s remembering exactly who he is. Remembering everything that has ever happened to him. The intense realization of just how fragile his existence is.
John placed his other hand over the heart Sherlock liked to pretend he didn’t have. The strong beating from within continually assured him that this was real. Sherlock was real. And with each beat, life began to flood back into him, filling every part of him that had been vacant only an hour before.
This time Sherlock broke the kiss. John fixed his eyes on him again, a bit nervously. He had responded. Something was about to happen.
Not beat up Sherlock in the morgue, obviously. God. That’s a moment that still haunts him and probably always will.
“It’s all here, Molly?” Sherlock asks, heading back over to the table. This is when John notices they aren’t alone. Across the room, Molly Hooper and a colleague John hasn’t met are sharing an amused glance. His face becomes inexplicably hot.
For John, it’s because his head is in the clouds. For Sherlock and Lestrade, it’s because Sherlock keeps talking insanely fast- even for Sherlock- and tripping over his words, leaving Lestrade more than just a little confused.
“Oh, for god’s sake.” Sherlock steps around him and gives him a little shove, sending him stumbling toward the center of the bridge.
He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him as he swept his hand over his face, the laugh continuing. Anyone else would think John was deranged. What Sherlock was thinking, John had no idea.
“I expected you might put up a bit of a fight,” Mycroft commented. “So I’m here to see you safely to your destination.”
“When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth,” Sherlock reminds him cheekily. “Today we’re eliminating the impossible.”
“Hold on a minute.” John pulls his stool a bit closer, leaning his elbow on the table. “Didn’t I say that?”
“Four days ago, a passerby reported a man acting suspiciously by this bridge. The police found Hugh Boone there, indeed acting suspiciously. He seemed to be having some sort of fit. Staring over the railing and hitting his face. Took him in for questioning, photographed the scene. All they got from him was his name.
John takes out some strawberries, a pear, and an orange and brings them over to the table. He sets them all down on the table across from Rosie and asks her to pick.
“I have nothing to ask you that I couldn’t figure out on my own.” Sherlock threads his fingers together, bringing his matter-of-fact eyes to Boone’s swollen ones. “I would like to take a look at your hands, though.”
Slowly, John stood up so they were both vertical again. He broke eye contact and took a step back, dropping his gaze to the floor, ahead and to the right. He began to memorize the carpet, the fingers of his left hand digging into his right elbow. His heart climbed back up to his chest, and his pulse tried to clamber out of his body, so intensely he could actually see it. Little block spots in his vision.
“Well, that’s the kind of spirit we need, because we have a big day ahead of us.” Sherlock opens a cabinet. “Tea?”
John took in a deep breath, almost lifted his head, but decided against it at the last possible millisecond.
He lays there for a little longer, but sleep doesn’t take him again, so he gets up and quietly makes his way downstairs.
His blogger, who has become so much more than his blogger, tested again and again and pushed to his very limits, yet surviving, healing, and living. Young Rosie, a light in darker times, unaware of what they’ve faced but surrounded by the best people she could ever know. The detective, who has cheated death multiple times, but knows he isn’t invincible. He’s learned from his past, learned to open his heart, learned how to keep the worst of the danger at bay, so that none of them will ever again have to suffer anything like what they already have. Here in this flat which has been shaken to its very foundation, yet with time and effort and care, has become suitable again, built back stronger than it was before.
“It is what it is,” John agrees. He adjusts his grip on Sherlock’s hand and smiles at him affectionately. “And what it is... is okay.”
He lifted his eyes again, expecting to have been caught, but instead he found that Sherlock had been doing the exact same thing.
Rosie comes back over, this time with a triangular prism. John takes it, confirms it as a triangle, and finds somewhere to put it.
Before the cab has even come to a full stop, Sherlock’s already out of it. John just shakes his head and pulls a few bills out of his wallet. He already knew this would happen.
“I wasn’t,” he told Sherlock. “I wasn’t. Not for a very long time.” He leaned back to face the ceiling, almost dreamily. “And then…”
John flickered his eyes toward Sherlock again. Sherlock caught his eyes and smiled, ever so slightly. John couldn’t help smiling a bit himself.
John takes a moment to search his eyes, both wondering how Sherlock could possibly be unsure about his happiness and knowing exactly why.
But minutes pass and John remains without distress. Sherlock relaxes, but he still doesn’t move. He lets his eyes wander to John’s left hand, the ringless finger.
Go to the aquarium first instead of Mary. Try to talk Sherlock down. If all else fails, not blame Sherlock. Or maybe… maybe just say one last meaningful goodbye to Mary before it all plays out.
Sherlock pauses with one hand on the door to the stairwell, with John just behind him. He turns to find one of the guards from before speed-walking to them.
“Keeping you alert.” He pulled John to his feet again, bringing his hands back into place. “Thought it’d add a fun little twist.”
He looks so peaceful, his arms lazily splayed across the armrests, his eyes gently closed. Sherlock wonders if his sleep is still dreamless. If not, what is he dreaming about?
He diverged from the main roads into alleyways. He leaned against the wall as he walked, his eyes fixed blankly on the ground ahead of his feet. His own footsteps echoed in his mind. The ghost of Sherlock’s footsteps. Their footsteps, together, as they ran through these very same alleys, chasing criminals and escaping enemies.
Just for a moment, he stopped trembling. His fingers met behind Sherlock’s neck and laced together. He closed his eyes tight enough to fill his head with white noise and kissed Sherlock as hard as he could.
Sherlock was standing exactly where John had left him. His eyes were still wide, his shoulders stiff, and he was looking right into John’s eyes. He was… nervous. John didn’t even know that was possible.
And he places one hand gently on John’s face, granting himself just one more second before everything resumes.
“You know what I mean.” Sherlock waves him off. “So someone fell off that bridge. Where does Boone come in? Is he the murderer? Did he try to save the victim? Did he know the victim? Or was he just in the wrong place at the wrong time?”
Finally managing to tear his gaze from John’s, Sherlock walks up to the bars again. Wrapping his hands tightly around them, he looks in again at the prisoner.
Wait. Keep holding out hope. Avoid Mary. Really, though? He wouldn’t have Rosie. And he really did need her support at the time. So maybe…
The room is dark. Small bits of light poke through the window shades from the street. It’s still sometime in the middle of the night.
By the end of the sentence, John was hearing double. He lifted his head to find Mycroft stepping out from around the corner.
“You can still marry her, John,” Sherlock went on. “In fact, you should. It doesn’t take a genius to see you two are happy together, and will continue to be. That shouldn’t change because of one mistake.”
“Well, yes.” The more John goes on, the more silly he feels. “But I feel like a lot of it was in response to things we said and did.”
On the contrary, Sherlock couldn’t seem to stop talking. He was saying something now about how he figured out thirteen different ways things could have gone once he was on the roof.
It was meant as a joke, and Sherlock knows this, but it still catches him off guard. His first thought, instinctually, is of the fall, and returning to an enraged John. Quickly, though, it gives way to something else. Laughter. John hissing,
“Hmm.” Sherlock switches out the microscope slide with the bridge blood for the one with Boone’s. “Mocking us how?”
He gets her set up in her chair, then checks the fridge, mentally preparing for what he might find. But Sherlock has been much better these days about what goes in the fridge. Having a baby around certainly changes things. The only non-food item John notices is a small vial of blood on the top shelf.
It was like when he got shot in Afghanistan. His breath was just a strangled gasp that left him winded.
Hearing Sherlock say this familiar expression unfroze him. He stumbled forward and buried his face in his friend’s shoulder, clutching at his coat.
The bandages removed, Sherlock observes split knuckles, then slowly turns the hand over to see the palm. A few small scabs near the base of the fingers. The higher up on the fingers, the worse the scabs. He turns the hand again to see the fingertips, and finds them rubbed raw, two fingernails broken, infected wounds.
“No,” John assures him. “No dreams at all, actually. Just a bit of insomnia.” He glances over his shoulder toward Sherlock's room. “Rosie?”
John didn’t even really care how long Sherlock was going to be in hiding. All that mattered right now was that he
He didn’t go back with Mrs. Hudson. He couldn’t bring himself to go back to 221B. Couldn’t stand the hollow feeling that haunted him in Sherlock’s absence.
John nods in thanks and heads down the hall. Sherlock closes his eyes and goes back into his mind palace, resuming his previous train of thought.
“Some people like to amuse themselves based on other people’s behaviors. It’s how they form inside jokes. Don’t tell me you don’t joke with Mrs. Hudson about me when I’m not around.” He places his hands flat on the table suddenly, gazing intently at the blood cells, then lifts his head from the microscope and yells, “A-ha!”
“What-“ John put his hand to his forehead again, pinching more skin between his fingers than he thought possible. “You’re
Unsure if it’s a question, a statement, or if he’s getting ready to say something, John turns his head slightly up and to the right. Sherlock gives him the same sideways glance, his expression warm. Serious, but content.
John shifts his eyes back and forth between Sherlock and the guard, preparing to de-escalate the situation should it come to that.
Their faces still close together, they look into each other’s eyes, and it’s all right there on the surface.
“I think they would be disappointed.” Sherlock sits up and folds his hands in his lap. He’s sitting close enough to John that if they were both to lean just a little bit, they’d be touching. “They do like your writing. Have you decided what you’re going to call this one?”
“Of course, I’m just observing from the outside, but he seems genuine, and you two interact nicely.” Sherlock carefully pinches the eyedropper over a slide, letting out the blood. “Just, in case you were unsure.”
“Mr. Boone?” Sherlock scoffs. “You really need to learn to do better background checks. Let’s go, John.” He pushes the door the rest of the way open. John half-smiles-half-grimaces at the guard before following.
But there was always something that had to drag him out of the delirium, and this time, it was his phone.
The soft sound of Sherlock’s footsteps on the carpet and the subtle creak of his armchair surrounded John like a life-preserver, and he emerged from the river, the water still clinging to his skin. He shifted his hands a little, peeked through his fingers.
“Ah, yes.” He holds it at eye level. “Just what I was looking for.” Examining the contents, he adds, “More wood than blood, but I think we have enough to go on.”
Sherlock complies, holding Rosie up like an airplane with careful gliding movements as they walk down the stairs. She squeals with laughter, and John follows, unable to contain a small smile. The first couple of times Sherlock had done this, it made John nervous, but now he trusts Sherlock with his daughter completely, and finds himself looking forward to watching this little ritual the two of them have.
John’s eyes go wide, and he looks between Boone- no, Neville St. Clair- and Sherlock with amazement. This, he understands, is why Sherlock keeps him out of the loop about the final pieces of a case, and why John lets him. All for this moment. All for the
Laughter still in his throat, he leaned a little further and gave Sherlock a quick peck on the lips.
John gently closes his eyes again and imagines he’s just woken from a fever dream. That all the memories that just hit him were nothing more than a dream, yet a dream he knows is foreshadowing.
“I’ve got to get going, too.” Molly starts putting things away. “It was nice seeing you both. I’ll try to stop by to see Rosie soon.”
“Apologies, sir.” The guard on the right holds up his hands in defense. “A fight broke out in the intake cell. We broke it up as quickly as we could.”
Probably leave her. After all, their marriage was technically never valid since she married him under a fake name. Her past would catch up with her, but he wouldn’t be involved, and he’d have Rosie now all the same. Her loss would shock him, yes, but by that point he’d have already lost her in most senses of the word. He’d lost her even before her inevitable death.
“Apparently not quick enough to stop this inmate’s face from being deformed.” Sherlock shakes his head. He doesn’t even have to fake his disgust. “I assume he’s been given proper medical treatment?”
He opened his hands again and shook them out. Punching Mycroft wasn’t going to solve anything. The last time he’d punched someone, he ended up handcuffed.
Gently, Sherlock guided John’s feet flat on the floor again. He stared at him for a moment, his eyes soft but still a bit unreadable.
“So, uh… what’s the plan for today?” John inquires. He vaguely remembers something about the bridge and splinters.
“Sherlock!” With a hand against his shoulder, John leaned his head on Sherlock’s chest, gasping for breath. “Oh my god… Sherlock…”
“Mr. Holmes!” The guard catches the door before it closes and yells up the stairs after them. “Were you not listening to me? I said you’re not authorized!”
“I was… so alone.” He tapped his fingers on the stone again, willing himself not to break down crying right there. “And I owe you so much.”
didn’t think there would ever come a day when Sherlock would be teaching him to waltz. But here they were, and John wouldn’t have it any other way.
He stopped walking and slid to the ground. Only the wall held him up. His eyes stayed open, but vacant. His chest: vacant. His mind: vacant.
wanted to marry her. But that was before the miracle. He had been in an entirely different state of mind then, and while he had tried so hard to create the best of both worlds, he had been delusional to think that he could go through with the wedding after such a life-changing event.
“To fall from that bridge into the river, he must have drowned if the impact didn’t already kill him. But Scotland Yard has been searching for his body for a few days now and there’s no sign of it.”
“All right.” John sits in his chair, leans back, and looks at Sherlock expectantly. “Walk me through it.”
“What? Yeah. Yeah, everything’s fine.” Sherlock quickly pulls himself back into gear. “Just, you know, been running around all day, I guess it’s hard to slow down sometimes.”
John still didn’t know what emotions he was seeing in Sherlock’s face, but for what might have been the first time, he realized he
John smiled back. And, although Sherlock had probably already deduced that he was going to do it, he held his hand tighter, slid his arm behind him, and tipped him back just as Sherlock had done to him, much to Sherlock’s amusement.
“John.” Sherlock closed his eyes briefly, the tears spilling over. “I will always be with you.” He bowed his head further, his nose almost touching John’s. “I’ll never do that to you again.”
All of it had led them here. There was so much lost. So much gained. There’s no way to know how things would be different if different choices were made. Getting caught up in the regret of past choices will only keep him from appreciating the true value of the present.
“You…” He swallowed nervously, flickering his eyes away for half a second before bringing them back. “You love me?”
“Well… yes. Of course.” John nods firmly. “We’ve been through a lot, Sherlock, and that’s not something you can just forget. But it’s all brought us here, hasn’t it?”
seeing emotions. Even if John couldn’t always understand them, Sherlock was more than capable of feeling emotions.
Sherlock really was full of surprises since his return. Not that John minded. It kept him on his feet.
“Spare me.” The buildup was fun, but Sherlock’s not playing anymore. “Your fingers are all scraped up and splintered, you were quite desperately scratching at the wood- but not because you were falling to your death. No, your mistake was that you scratched away from the edge. Enough to fool Scotland Yard, but not enough to fool me. Thought you had a little more time, so you tried to bash up your face a bit, make it unrecognizable. You weren’t as successful with that as you wanted to be, so you picked a fight in the intake cell. Next day, you’re reported missing, but by that time no one can recognize you by your face. They trace your presence to the bridge, find the marks, remember the suspicious man, giving them a potential murderer, search the river, find your coat, it checks out.
Sherlock let him sit for a moment, as he sank into the oxymoronic river of his feelings. Waves crashed all around him, temperatures ranging from bone-chilling cold to blissful warmth, some of them gentle and others dragging him violently across the shore and into their depths.
He held on tighter as his hands began to shake. Tears began to form in his eyes. He was feeling too many emotions at once right now. Too many to even begin to identify them.
“The man you know as Boone is actually Neville St. Clair. He faked his death. There was no murder. You can let him go.”
Sherlock noticed, but he didn’t say anything, even as he continued to notice each day that John still hadn’t put the ring back on. The more the band of reddened skin in its wake faded, the less he felt compelled to mention the subject. This, he decided, was something personal to John, and something for John to sort through in his own head.
Summoning a little more courage, he covers Sherlock’s hand entirely with his own, this time linking their fingers from the other side. With barely a moment’s hesitation, Sherlock slides his thumb between John’s thumb and forefinger. The rest of their fingers fumble for a moment before finally lacing together.
Stick to him like glue. Demand answers. Go to the roof with him. But then Moriarty’s network wouldn’t have been dismantled, but it could have saved Sherlock and spared them both years of pain…
“I guess not,” John decides, as Sherlock focuses on the slide again. “I just wonder what they find so funny.”
“A little more practice and you’ll have it down,” Sherlock told him, a bit generously. Sherlock was a little too tall for John to pull off this move properly.
I mean, they have literally taken the sculptures from the most subtext-laden episode of ‘Sherlock’ (TBB), an episode that is all about codes and ciphers, and put them in Jenny and Vastra’s love nest, a re-imagined 221b Baker Street if ever I’ve seen one.
But please take a look at the placement of that ‘Apollo Belvedere’ here again. Same as with Clara: both in profile, both facing the same direction:
This is made even clearer by the fact that, in the beginning of the episode, Soo-Lin is the one to discover the sculpture. She discovers it first. And to really hammer that exposed-yet-hidden-sculpture metaphor home, the sculpture itself is hidden under a white cloth here:
Because, you see, Antinous died in 130 AD, and Hadrian was inconsolable after his lover’s death, totally beside himself with grief, as a matter of fact. So, it’s kinda nice that they’re showing us this Antinous sculpture just as John and Sherlock sit down with Soo-Lin, who in the timeline of TBB is about to die too. (Cleverer people than I have already pointed out that Soo-Lin is actually a Sherlock mirror, so there you go...)
Molly=John who is forced to look at coma!Sherlock from the outside, but can’t actually interfere with what’s going on inside the ‘room’, ie, inside Sherlock
And all of that is going on while the brain (Mycroft) is, as we’ve already established, engaged in symbolically getting rid of the food (=sexual urges), aka, running on a treadmill.
Mark Antony must have been astounded by all this splendour, as it were. And then the banquet that ensued, some sort of cross between a sex orgy and a pompous party aboard some millionaire’s yacht (in modern terms), must have added to his amazement.
What’s framed visually on a character’s head, is what this character is thinking about. That’s what’s ON his mind, so to speak.
This fits nicely with the blotches of colour in the upper part of the painting, which could totally be flowers...lots and lots of flowers:
(Think of Goethe’s ‘Faust’ and Faust’s ideas about pantheism, for example. The religious mores of Goethe’s time weren’t exactly that modern yet. Or think of how Goethe predicted the development of industrialised societies in ‘Faust’.)
(Hard to imagine, but dividing history into the bad times before the 1960s and the good times afterwards isn’t a particularly helpful concept. History is usually more complicated than that.)
Of course, he adds something to that sentence to make sure we understand it’s all humans he’s talking about. But for a split second, the subtext there tells us that Mycroft (=Sherlock’s brain) has never been good with ‘babies’ (=relationships).
As you stroll through a church, how else are you supposed to recognise Saint Catherine if not by the wheel, how would you know the naked bloke in the picture is Saint Sebastian if it weren’t for the arrows piercing his body, etc.?
John has given in to his heterosexual side and is trying to be THAT...and only that. He’s really, really trying. He’s trying very hard.
This is just a theory, mind... But if the whole of TST is Sherlock’s EMP, then this whole embassy building could basically be Sherlock’s coma: He’s trapped inside of it (=taken hostage, trapped inside his body).
There is one other thing. But I hesitate to write about it because this might be taking the metaphor a bit too far. (They didn’t make those tapestries, after all. They just used them in a clever way.) I will briefly mention it, however, because it’s a nice little detail too. It could,
Why would Sherlock even need to pick the murderer out of a line-up (dangle-up?) of three different people? It doesn’t make any sense. It’s not like Sherlock doesn’t know who (out of three people) he fell in love with. That’s ridiculous.
With any of the other murders on this show, I’d just say, “Duh, it’s a crime series, after all. Sometimes a dagger is just a dagger.” But this is different. Remember that all of this takes place in Sherlock’s mind. And the Freudian (and penetrative) aspect of these two weapons which, in TAB, kill men (and only men) has to mean something for that very reason.
So, if Vastra and Jenny just enjoy being surrounded by female beauty what is this sculpture doing there? It’s a sculpture that has had an enormous impact on gay (male!) culture.
Associated with death, terror and destruction. (I’m sure there’s lots of meta stuff about this already. I just haven’t found it yet. But this is, in no way, an original thought of mine, obviously! And can you tell I’m trying not to go into my personal paranoias and fears of catching HIV? I’m really trying. But sex-being-tied-to-death themes do that to me.)
Sherlock keeps offering the ‘baby’ toys (=things that would made the ‘baby’ happy). And he does so with a happy smile on his face. But, so far, the relationship keeps throwing all of that back in Sherlock’s face and keeps hurting Sherlock.
As I argued in that meta, babies act as ‘switch metaphors’: The question of whose relationship we’re looking at depends on who exactly is talking about the baby. So, the meaning of the ‘baby’ switches from scene to scene.
So, if you’ve always thought that office with its curtain-like odd walls was weird as hell, well...then here’s another hint that what we’re seeing is not real (dare I say it?) EMP!
What’s more, it’s not just any old dream. Hermes is the guider of souls to the underworld, the one who helps dying people get to the other side.
) about what sculptures exactly were picked by 'Sherlock’s’ set designers for that episode (TBB) and how they represent 'Sherlock’s’ gay subtext.
Conscious!Sherlock (and I don’t mean to say that Sherlock is awake, I really think Sherlock is in a coma...When I say ‘conscious’, I merely mean the Sherlock who works with the logical part of his brain). So, conscious!Sherlock tried to work out what exactly it was about John that made him fall in love. He puzzled over this for a while and made his choice.
2) Saly created his sculpture at a time when the arts, literature and philosophy became more and more interested in the concept of childhood. Up until the 18th century, children were mostly just seen as smaller versions of adults. It was only during the 18th century that people started to understand the importance of childhood for the formation of an adult’s personality.
Anyway...throughout ‘Faust’ we get all these hints that Mephisto (the devil!) is kinda camp and constantly hints at having anal sex with his daemons. Yes, brazen-faced and obscene like Moriarty, basically.
Did you think this scene with Lestrade in TST was just a stupid joke? A repeated one (from TSoT), at that? Because, as is always the case with Mofftiss’ writing: When there’s a joke, you should look twice as hard for the more serious subtext.
And the Emilia Ricoletti gun theme is taken up again by Moriarty, too, when he turns up, gun in hand (even gun on tongue), at Sherlock’s place.
[The ambassador (Sherlock's impatient side) doesn't want to put any faith in the people who will be trying to get him out of his coma. She (Sherlock) says as much. She (Sherlock) doubts they will ever manage to 'get out'. She (Sherlock) does, however, point out that she (Sherlock) has got AMO (=love) as a trump card. Love is going to get Sherlock out of this 'hostage situation' (=coma).]
We have already talked about the ‘war/battlefield’ as a metaphor for John’s homosexual side. Now, in the tan, we get a metaphorical confirmation that something happened while John was ‘on the battlefield/at war’. Whether it was a full-blown affair with James or just feelings that were never consummated doesn’t matter. What matters is: It left a trace on John. A sun tan. A real (!) tan.
Anyway, this is what the show did in ‘The Six Thatchers’, too. Sherlock, once again, is presented as the head without a body in the ‘Capitoline Antinous’ bust.
We have A) the picture of a giant peaCOCK, B) a picture of a very, ahem, shapely peach (reminiscent of someone’s nicely shaped buttocks). Well, you’re all grown-ups; I’m sure you can work out how those two things are supposed to go together. And C) all of that beauty has literally been smothered in heaps and heaps of grapes, right next to a filled wine glass.
And I can’t not notice the fact that the neo-Gothic fireplace between those two paintings has something of an altarpiece to it, either.
Granted, Goethe was no stranger to the occasional hearty ha-ha-they’re-all-camp-and-have-sex-from-behind kinda joke, but Goethe made jokes like that about everyone’s sex life, and I have to admit that they’re usually pretty funny.
Oh, and it could also be a reference to the way Sherlock sees John’s homosexual side in comparison to his (Sherlock’s) own homosexuality.
I’m sure I’m telling you nothing new when I say that the dead body in this ASiP scene represents the Sherlock Holmes character that we’ve known for more than a 120 years.
And not just for any episode of ‘Doctor Who’, but specifically for the Vastra/Jenny episodes AND SPECIFICALLY FOR THE HOME THESE TWO LADIES SHARE in Victorian London!
if there ever was one) guarding the scene, which could mean that, outside of Sherlock’s EMP, John is literally guarding him, sitting by his hospital bed or something.
What’s particularly fascinating is the fact that this time there is a clear erotic connotation to it: This Anadyomene-type Venus is coquettishly showing us her barely covered buttocks.
Well, Hadrian was so utterly destroyed by Antinous’ death that he had him deified. I’m not sure John will go quite so far in his grief between TRF and TEH, but it’s pretty close, I guess.
We see Sherlock’s mirror who will die right after this very scene, and this obviously foreshadows Sherlock’s own “death” too (staged in his case). This statue tells us exactly what John will have to go through once Sherlock is “gone”.
But, wait for it, there is yet another interpretative level to consider. There’s one other person whose ‘Doctor Who’ journey is nearing its end, too: Steven Moffat.
The hand, the body part that carries the wedding ring, is not shaking. It is ‘steady’ when John is with Sherlock. Yeah, I know, right...Steady boyfriends.:)
He has been shown with his typical attributes so often that we can’t think of him as a living human being anymore.
for taking these pictures for us. They really made an otherwise rather gloomy day much better for me and made me smile.)
tells me that, in China, these lion sculptures are commonly interpreted as guardians. (BTW, our lion above looks a bit like
The ‘Dangling Garrideb’ scene is a literal ‘cliffhanger’. Probably about somebody dying (the red walls!). There’s a ‘Chekhov’s gun’ element in it (ie, something unresolved is in there). AND ALL OF IT CORRESPONDS TO SERIES 2!
Often we see only one section of a painting, not the entire thing. If they aren’t cast in total darkness to begin with, that is. Like
I mean, they literally can’t get enough of their ‘baby’ (=relationship). Their relationship must make them so, so happy. Right, Mofftiss? That’s what you keep telling us in your interviews.
Mantegna’s famous St. Christopher fresco, which is ALL about perspective (as is clear from the many columns, the grated ‘ceiling’, etc.), has a little figure of a man with his eye shot through in the background.
The gridiron specifically points us in the direction of the murder weapons used in this episode and reminds us that it’s important to look at them.
Remember Sherlock’s very, very, very homosexual ‘transport’ (=his body) in ASiB? That ‘transport’ that was 300% gay...I wrote about the fact that that ‘transport’ had immaculate nails here (
If this bust was put there by the set designers to tell us something about John, then it’s all very clear and simple:
Despite it’s relative blurriness and the fact that it’s hanging far away from us (the camera and thus the audience) on that distant wall, I am reasonably certain that it’s an Edward Ladell. Usually, his paintings are easily recognisable.
So, we have an artist (in the faraway past) who canonically painted light like nobody else and who never showed the source of that light. And we have a painting on the show that does the opposite of that.
Sherlock, on the other side, is saying that he really likes that dog (John’s homosexual side). And explains that with the sentence, “Well, I like YOU.” In other words, Sherlock likes John’s homosexual side and that has something to do with him liking John in general. Nice.
We’re clearly shown that there are apples and magpies (Moriarty=homophobia) in the vicinity of John’s ‘baby’. So, even in the privacy of his own home (own mind), John is aware of the threat that is hanging over his potential future relationship. Also, mind the fish (Magnussen=the shark=the media). (And I think none of us have come up with a really good metaphorical reading for the clown yet, so I’m going to ignore that one for now.)
