"Well, you guys are doing the same thing. Plus, wouldn't it be easier to have more people finding your friend?" Pepper shoots her the same look.
Happy sighed. “I guess still a little stunned especially knowing that you covered his medical bills. But yeah, overall fine.”
“Lightings?”
With a subtle knock, Steve waited for a respond.
"I know he will." Steve smiles.
“Well, as annoying and frustrating as this was, I do find it interesting that you actually care of what he thinks of you.”
Steve froze and Bucky couldn't help but chuckle.
"It will take a minute!"
Nat rolled her eyes and glared at Tony who is in front of them. She then glared at Happy. "You were suppose wait with him at the office. I told you that I'll bring them to you." She whispers, angrily.
Bucky sighed. "Honestly, I'm scared the longer I wait, the higher of chance that I might take you right here but I don't want anyone to see what's mine." He also looked at the men around him who just stared at both of them deadpanned.
"Now this is just teasing me."
Before Bucky’s hand could reach out towards Steve, another car stopped right behind Bucky’s car. Steve is definitely shocked to see this person who stepped out of the car with a few people who some would say looked like agents from the police department.
Bucky took his left hand to kiss his wrist. "What is it?" He murmured into the skin.
Steve ran out the tower and had to take a deep breath. God, his body just moved on its own without even thinking. A part of him scolded himself for not being mature about the situation. He felt a little stupid for running away like that. Shook his head and walked towards the street. There weren’t many people around as it was almost dark, so he sped up his pace down the street.
"I am not your Omega! I want you to leave me alone!"
And thank you for the rest of you for waiting for this update. You guys are just the best that I just want to cry. I know most of you guys were waiting for Mine All along to update for a long time and I am so sorry. This particular story has a heavy vibe so I needed time to think and with assignments just piling, it’s almost impossible to find time.
Happy cleared his throat. "Why do you choose places like this to meet up?"
"W-Wait!"
“What?”
“Well, I don’t know about you but this past few days you’ve been acting weirdly since you’ve known about a particular Omega in the name of Steve Rogers.”
"Fuck it! Are there really no update on anything?!!"
"How could you kidnap a child?!" Steve exclaimed as he runs towards Peter in which the latter did the same.
James looked around the gigantic place filled with vintage and old but luxury furnishing. He may have everything but it will always feel cold and lonely without his sweet Omega. He made it. Taken his father's place, proving how a worthy Alpha he is. He remembered his father's proud face.
“Steve!” Sam in a flash was right by Steve’s side to which Steve hugged Sam to protect himself.
He stopped when he found some bushes with berries at an apartment block and sat down to fish out his phone.
“No. But we can buy some; I saw a hardware store around here. We can knock some sense out of that rich idiot.”
"He..." Steve trailed off as he thought hard. Now that he thinks about it, he never knew what Mr. Barnes does. All he knows that he is a successful businessman and the most his late mother told him is that he helped a lot of young entrepreneurs in New York.
“It’s alright. Wanda and I will take him.”
"Finding Steve. I know."
“I asked him to come with me nicely.”
“Look why don’t we all just settle down and not fight over Steve especially in the hospital. You will cause him distress. Let’s just wait till he’s awake.” Happy pleads, looking at everyone.
“But his father lets go of Steve Rogers to be on his own when he entered Stanford, under Steve’s request.”
“Why go through that when I went with the easier option.”
“Don’t be.” The Alpha winked. “I want to show you my favourite room.” He gently placed his hand on his back and leads him.
She cleared her throat as she smoothes her dress. "Are you a friend of Steve Rogers?"
Steve looked like someone killed a puppy. “What?”
Steve just could not control his blushing face; he knew he was red all over and he knew that the Alpha notices it too judging by the glint in his eyes.
“No, you don’t.” Steve gave him another push until he let go of his waist. He was ready to dash into the elevator until Tony grabbed his wrist and pulls him to pin him against his office door. “Mr. Stark! Stop this!” Steve struggled against the strong hold but his hands were pinned to each side of his head.
"Honestly, I think it'll be better if I tell you bit by bit. I don't want to shock you more. I promise I'll tell more in the future."
Steve relaxes in her arms. “I was just really scared and shock. I didn’t know how to react since he was my best friend. Didn’t see him after that.”
“I own 20 percent of this hospital. I sponsor a lot.” Tony said as if it is nothing.
“Yea sure, come in.”
“Is everything set? Flowers? “
"Thought so." He stood up and put his hand out for Steve to take it. "Come on, sweetheart."
“Yeah, it’s kind of a confusing thing to understand when there’s so many things happening that confuse the rest of us. One minute you basically dragged the poor Omega and the next thing you now he is running away from you scared and the next minute he seems happy and then dinner?” Natasha leaned against the wall.
"Well, trying to find my Omega, Steve Rogers." Said as if it was the most obvious thing ever.
Peggy and Clint looked at her curiously. "What?"
"Fuck. Those old geezers only knows how to push people. Try making an Eco-friendly robot your fucking self!" He slammed his office door and tossed his blazer on the couch.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha sighed. "Douche."
"Look, continue your lovey dovey moment tonight. Let's have one last dinner together before Bucky goes. Steve's idea actually."
Peggy nudges and smirked. "Well someone's impatient to get married after this."
Steve, Sam and Wanda got out from the room and were walking towards the nurse counter until they saw unwanted familiar figures.
Steve blinked and blushed again. “T-Tony, that’s not exactly true. I only draw during my free time and not professionally.”
"What does she has got to do with this?" Wanda asked.
"Damn. Business is doing well huh?"
“Wanda?!” Sam looked at her surprised.
“Steve was in the hospital but got out. Heard it from Sam.”
"You're not listening to me! You always go for violence ever since we were in high school! Your temper is always blinding you."
Steve blushed and Natasha just laughs. "You deserve to be here Steve. Even Mr. Stark himself loves it."
"Me too."
"About just now, do you remember what that Alpha looked like? Cause if you do you can describe it to Happy so he can report it to Mr Stark, you know the CEO, to ensure and tighten the security around the Stark Tower perimeter. I mean we can't let something dangerous like that happen again roaming around here."
"Give him a call."
"Peggy!" Nat says enthusiastically.
"As you wish, Mr. Stark." Just seconds later, a small part of the wall opens to display a glass of scotch. Tony snatched and gulp it down. He sighed.
Bucky moves down and his tongue laps along Steve’s chest, leaving trails of saliva on his pink nipples. As the pink buds reacts to the Alpha’s touch, Barnes decides to tease. Licking and sucking the buds making the Omega rolled his eyes in pleasure. “Любимый, позволь мне показать удовольствие, которое я всегда собирался доставить тебе.”
“You better take care of yourself Steve. And I’ll make sure of it.” Sam said sternly.
"Bucky, you know that's not true. Peggy is just messing around." Steve soothes his Alpha's chest to which Bucky calmed down and purred at his Omega's touch.
“Yeah, you treat people like they’re touch and go.” Happy interrupts.
Peggy and Sam gave each other a knowing look. They feel relieved that Steve is finally doing something that makes him happy.
Sharon gulped. "Oh, no i-"
"Sometimes there will. But since Barnes has Steve and most of them here are Alphas, he never wants them near Steve obviously. Most of them would guard the outer area anyway. Pietro, look at that big door. I think it's the only hallway to that room. I have never entered but it has the most different design. It has to be it."
"God, let Steve be alright." Pietro said as he quickly followed Nat to the door.
"Sticks with it i know. Still, didn't you convince him?"
“Seriously, what is wrong with you?! You can’t approach him in a better way?”
He smiled as he remembered himself developing a crush on the sparkling blue eyes during their studies.
"Well, now's your chance I guess."
Peter vigorously shook his head. "No! How can I not do tha-"
“Come on, Tony. You really like him don’t you?”
Sam sighed. "Look she said that Barnes guy might have took him."
Steve sighed and stabbed his lettuce with his fork, grumpily eating it while Bucky chuckled at the scene.
“Well, I don’t know you but I definitely do not mind leaving you for dead.”
"I just can't!" Bucky felt his blood boiling again at the thought of Steve being claimed by other than him. He unconsciously gripped his hips a little too rough.
“Uhm yes a few…Wait! Are you trying to move him there?!”
"We could not find his body."
“I can take care of myself.”
"That was my idea! Plus, I already did. He is supposed to meet us the day after tomorrow. I immediately put him in the list when I met him."
Peter nodded. "We better go to the tower now."
He fished out his smartphone and called Natasha.
“I’m fine.”
"Trust me, I've told him that so many times." Peggy said.
“When I looked at your work I knew you had to be in my art exhibition. You belong here.”
"What does the Alpha look like?" He asked softly.
And boy did he want to.
"Where is he?!" Pietro asked.
“You should get some rest Steve. In fact, take a day off tomorrow.”
"I know but I don't even know where to start!"
Tony purred at the touch. “Don’t you think I would be making that call?” He raised a brow as he hugged his waist tighter.
"Nice to meet you." Steve smiled.
“Why are you here?! You have no right to barge into my home!”
“S-Stop it!” He kept on pushing Bucky but it seems like his Omega side is slowly purring into the Alpha’s sensual touch.
"Yeah, very cooperative. Liked my idea of protecting you. That Beta is pretty worried about you living alone you know?"
Steve laughs a little. "Is the mark at the back of my neck not big enough for others to see?"
"He is not your Omega. He does not want to be mated with the likes of you."
“Y-Yeah, just need to settle the bills.” Steve said, ready to go.
“And that’s good! But again, there’s only so much you can do. You need to take care of your health too Steve.”
Pietro sighed and closed his phone. Literally after 20 seconds, a car stopped in front of the bush he was hiding. He saw the window rolled down to see a familiar red head.
Steve nodded in understanding as he was looking around. “That’s pretty nice actually.” It was. He never knew he would take Tony as a sentimental type, not saying that he judges a book from its cover. It’s just really refreshing to see an Alpha being a little vulnerable and maybe a little sensitive about something simple.
The only reason his mother brought him to New York is due to some issues she had to settle and she did not trust anyone with Steve. She was a protective mother. So they never exactly explore the city.
“Sam!” Wanda shouted.
And the door shuts.
Steve unconsciously tilted his neck in submission.
Steve moaned helplessly
The Beta rolled his eyes. “Obviously he was still petrified of what you did. He needs time to clear his head.”
The other four looked at them in confusion.
Steve almost gasped. It was almost surreal to know that
"You Alphas think you can just rule the world huh?" Steve looked at him hurt. The Alpha felt the urge to provide his comfort for his Omega.
"Yes. Stark Industries."
Bucky narrowed his eyes a little. He never heard of him. Natasha never mentioned him before. He was pissed that it was a man but the only reason he is not furious right now is that the man was a Beta as he took a whiff.
“Why would you mark him without his consent?!”
"30 seconds! I want to get ready for you."
Bucky was not pleased that his Omega was ignoring but he'll let it slide for now.
"No thanks." He whispered.
"You will help me."
"Mr. Stark please. I don't want a mate."
"Let's be honest. When he comes home he's going straight to Steve, pick him up bridal style, go to their room and go at it like fucking rabbits-oww!" Sam wailed when Steve threw a carrot at Sam's head to which Peggy laughed out loud.
"Ah...ah..A-Alpha.." Steve moaned as his ass was starting to wet.
That triggered the dangerous side of the Alpha. He growled and his eyes darken at the rude Beta. "Asshole?...I gave you a job and I'm the asshole? Keep in mind that you are my assistant and a Beta at that."
Why hello! This is my first time doing Marvel Cinematic Universe fanfic. I love Tony x Steve and Bucky and Steve pairing.  Love innocent Bottom Steve. Hope you would enjoy and patiently wait for other chapters to come.
Steve blushed and tries to get off Bucky but the Alpha pins his waist down.
“Well you surprised me Wanda.” He awkwardly laughed.
"Did you report it to the Omega Protection Program?" He asked worriedly.
And in a split of a second, Steve's life was going to be turned upside down.
“Steve!” Happy ran towards them.
“For goodness sake Tony!”
Tony's eyes darken. His inner Alpha growled at such a vulnerable opening from the Omega. “Be my Omega then.”
"Pietro, you still haven't told me about how you and Natasha met." Wanda asked as she stirred her coffee.
Steve’s heart might have dropped yet again.
"That cocky multi-billionaire genius?" Clint looked in disbelief.
“Oh, right. And that damn Barnes. Anyway, trace any CCTV from where he lives-“
Wanda grabbed his shoulders. "Do you know where he is?! We're trying to find him too!"
Bucky smirked. "Hey Stevie. You know that you can never run from me right doll face?"
"You do know he is James Buchanan Barnes, right?" She rolled her eyes.
Silence filled the air.
“Seriously, what the hell is wrong with you Tony?”
Steve was surprised with the sudden intrusion but he quickly keeps his composure with hands behind his back."Do you like it Alpha?"
“I can pay on my own.” Steve said.
"Oh Lord. Get a room." Clint groaned.
"I was gonna say 'be careful' but yeah that too."
Tony sighed in relief. “That’s good. I want one last favour.”
"It's okay you're excused." Bucky shrugged and smiled.
The atmosphere in the waiting room was very tense that even the hospital staff felt pressured and nervous as they try to avoid the area as far away as possible.
“Wait! I think he’s fainting! Steve is fainting!”
"Maybe deep down you want it too." She smiled.
She sighed as she wondered how Steve would react if he ever found out about the truth. He would be devastated to know that the only reason she befriended him in the first place is because of the cruel James 'Buchanan' Barnes. Her heart would shatter if that really happens.
Bucky starts sucking harder and harder on the bud like he was milking it.
"Hey, sorry I didn't pick up my relative came awhile ago but I got your text and I'm on my way to Steve's. What do you mean something is wrong? What happen?"
Nat sighs and turns around with a smile. "Well, looks like Mr. Stark himself could not wait to meet you Steve."
Pepper nodded and went to Steve, guiding him to walk into the elevator.
Bucky looked like he was ready to slice his head.
Steve glared and pouted. "Yeah...I don't have many friends Bucky."
Peggy sighed in relief and smiled. "Next week."
"I know this does not seem ideal to you but..." Tony walked around his desk so that he could go close to the Omega. "You're lying if you say that you didn't feel attracted towards me. There was a spark. I know it." He said sternly.
Natasha scoffed. "Yeah." She said as she was preparing her weapons.
Steve jerked a little, pushing his shoulder a little. "P-Please stop."
“Rumlow.” Bucky huffed an air of annoyance.
Steve looked like he was going to cry. Why is this happening to him? Why is Bucky here? How did he find him? Why is Stark following him? Why can’t Alphas just leave him alone? He didn’t notice that a tear fell down his cheek until Happy wiped it off with a tissue.
Now how could Bucky say no to that look. "20 seconds and I'm going to knock this door down." He said eagerly.
Tony's heart was pounding. Could it be....
"Steve, we've been through the this. It's gonna be fine." Sam assured him, soothing his back.
"Sure hell you can!" Sam patted his shoulder.
“I’m just gonna take a guess here. Pretty sure you tried to claim him, force yourself on him and it backfired.” He smirked as he saw the Russian’s jaw tightened.
Bucky smirked. "Earned every part with my own effort."
Steve looks away due to discomfort but was shocked when hands pulled him abruptly in a tight hold. "Let go of me!" Steve tried to push Bucky.
"Steve, I don't think this is safe place-"
"And the 17th time throughout your whole cookout." Sam said as he gave Steve a look as he was putting out the plates on the table.
“Sweetheart! Please..” Bucky shook him a little to wake him up.
Bucky looked at Brock, pissed. “Move.” He growled.
"There will be no trouble if he keeps quiet."
HEYYY I'M BACK! Sorry, it's a lil' late! Oh and plz do give me ur feedbacks I love hearing your ideas honestly!
"What?"
“You asked the trouble yourself by interfering with my Omega and I.” He growled and pulled Steve closed by his waist securely to his waist.
Mr. Stark looked between Peter and Happy, confused. "We have a new guy?"
They were walking along the hall as Steve felt nervous. How can he not be? Tony Stark is one of the wealthiest Alphas in the country. He is a genius inventor, successful businessman, philanthropist and very outspoken. But Steve? He’s just a boy from Brooklyn. He still wonders how he got here.
“Seriously, what did you do?” Happy looked seriously at Tony.
Steve glared at him and looked away as he struggles to break free from the chain around his neck.
"What are you doing here?" She growled.
Now that was absurd. "Excuse me-"
"I swear if he lays a hand on Steve, I will murder him." Pietro looked at her seriously.
"I left you to be on your own long enough don't you think?"
Peter was walking home but he could feel someone was following him. He gulped and walked away quickly.
Steve could only wish this is just a nightmare. He misses his old Bucky. His best friend.
"Wait, he didn't agree on this? I was wondering why he's not here. I thought he'll be okay with this. I don't feel good if he does not consent."
"Do I need a reason?" He growled.
“You can visit him tomorrow.”
Steve nodded. “I-It wasn’t your fault. Honestly, it’s okay.”
Both the latter nodded. "Couldn't believe it myself." Sam said.
The man raised his"Huh?"
"Okay, let's not turn this into a fight." Happy cleared his throat. "Tony just make sure you will not scare the poor Omega."
Wade shrugged. "Curious. Not lot of Omegas do that you know. It's pretty cool."
Steve just looked at him
"Explain what?!" Steve turned around. Tears were already pooled in his eyes. His body emitting distress.
Steve shyly laughed.
A beautiful woman came strutting in like she owns the place. "Because first, it his right and second I got this alright. Plus, i pity the omega. All he wants is to prove that he is more than just his Biology. I mean you did warn me about his stubbornness a year ago. Once he made his mind he-"
“Yeah, I’m alright Sam.” He nodded.
“JARVIS, you know Steve Rogers right? Give him a grand welcome`”
"No." He glared.
"Stand up." His voice was stern.
The Alpha starts to suck and eat out the sensitive hole that sends electricity to the Omega in the most pleasurable way possible. The Omega could not hold himself back at the new sensation and arched his back. “Bucky…” He whimpered helplessly.
“I just love to collect things I really like or find interesting. I don’t know if it’s a second hobby or a passion of mine besides inventing new stuff, but it’s fun seeing cool stuff that has a history behind it.” He shyly smiles. Tony does not know why he felt so shy. He wanted to display the manly, suave Alpha he is, but God the Omega is too beautiful that he’s becoming a blabbering mess in the inside. He really needs to impress him.
“Shh come on, don’t cry. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said all of that. I-I’m just really worried that you’re going to overwork and stress yourself out again.” Sam hugged Steve who sobbed a little in his shoulder.
"That's the thing, I think we should do more than just putting him among the other artist. We should create a stage solely for-"
Brock nodded.
Sam scoffed. “I do this when he is in distress or sick.” He said as he keeps rubbing Steve’s back.
The blonde woman stood up abruptly when he heard the door opened. "Steve-Wait who the hell are you?!"
Bucky closed his eyes to calm himself down. God, he was only just seconds away from ripping the Alpha’s throat and the universe just had to ruin his chance.
"You're welcome. But no one makes better hot chocolate than you though." Both shared an awkward laugh which turned into an awkward silence.
"Who?!" Clint and Peggy asked.
Steve nodded but what surprises everyone there is when he slides his arm under Tony and linked it. “Alright then.”
"Of course not. Just a nice way for you to come with me."
There was something at the back of his throat that makes him feel weird when he heard that name. And suddenly he remembered.
Sam looked confused. "Me? Who the hell are you?!"
"Yes. The event but since Steve is my special artist, I should be the one to take care of him."
Thor shrugged. "Well, I don't know if I could put it like that..I guess it's more like we're just on good terms. So, he really harassed Steve?" Thor looked at both Wanda and Sam seriously.
The Alpha could not hold back anymore, groping the Omega's perky globes to claw its way in.
“Wait, you guys can join. If the three of you are okay with it.” Steve said shyly.
"Oh just admit that you're jealous Wilson."
“Well, I never care for any of them.” Steve blushes as he rummages through his pile of clothes.
DING DONG. The doorbell rings.
"Well, get to work then. Find any abandon building or apartment but I highly doubt they would be in one. So, go through all apartment buildings that might have cameras at the entrance. "
"Then try again."
"Hey blue eyes, coffee with 2 spoons of sugar please." A beautiful red head winked at the gorgeous yet adorable blonde behind the counter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Barnes! Just give Steve Rogers to me. We don’t want any trouble.”
Steve still did not fully trust him but he slowly steps out of the elevator and walks into the hall with the Alpha following behind.
Tony looks up from his hand to see the shocked but blushing face of the Omega Steve Rogers. "How is it possible that you're even more beautiful in real life?" He said lowly.
Steve shook his head. “I don’t understand.”
Steve yelped and whined. "Hngh! Bucky no! Wait!" He whined even more when Bucky latches his mouth on his nipple, flicking, licking the beautiful pink bud.
“Oh God.” Steve looked down at his lap.
Sam quickly finds a solution. “Well, I mean considering the fact that you had a weird encounter with Stark when we found you with him. You were distressed.”
Steve found himself shaking nervously under the Alpha's dark heavy gaze. His stand hold so much power and authority that his heart just beats rapidly. He may be wearing a pair of sunglasses but because it was brown and translucent, he can tell that he is looking straight into his soul. He gulps and felt intimidated. If only he knows that the Alpha felt the same way.
"Oh my God so you knew?"
Sam sighed as he looked at them slumbering Steve. He looked calm and in peace which melts his heart. Steve deserved to get a good sleep to recharge himself. He looked at him and smiled sadly. He wished that he could be the one to comfort him. He wished he could protect him.
“Well, the mark on your neck says otherwise.” He smirked.
"Then, what is it like?!" Steve felt so betrayed that his emotions were getting to him.
“U-Uhm nice to meet you too JARVIS.”
“You know you seem like a nice guy, but I don’t feel safe letting Steve work with you people. Especially that Stark guy.” Sam looked at Happy to which he nodded.
Steve unconsciously moaned into the kiss as Bucky tightened his hold around his Omega. He then continues to leave trail of kisses around the corner of his mouth to his jaw and neck.
Steve laughed a little. “Isn’t it school night Peter?” He joked, raising his eyebrow.
"You're sick." Steve gritted his teeth
"That's my Omega. Well say no more, tell me where you are."
"You're scaring him Tony! Peter bring Steve out for awhile."
As Steve was going to walk in, he looked up to see the CEO of Stark Industries.
“Don’t forget that he is 100% involved for tonight’s dinner which he never does when he meets anyone."
"Yes, sir." Seconds later, a picture and information popped up on the screen. Tony's eyes widened in shock and accidentally spitted out his Scotch.
"Bucky! Please! No! Argh!" Steve struggled underneath Bucky as each of his wrist were pinned by the Alpha above him.
"Well, exactly yes. Good thing you're not slow."
“N-No! Stop!” Steve thrashed his head on the bed, sweating. “A-Ah no! Please..” His tears start streaming down.
“Yes, sir. There are CCTV on every level at his apartment that he rented.”
Wanda lets go of him and smiled. "Wanda."
"I mean it is a grand thing right? I mean we're talking about Stark Industries. A billion dollar company. They probably have better artists...I mean I'm even surprise that your friend Natasha wanted me to even be in the gallery showcase. It just feels so surreal..now tomorrow we're gonna meet again to talk about the event. I-I..what if I embarrass myself..what-"
"Does the chicken taste good Peggy?" Steve looked at Peggy worriedly as she was munching on the chicken.
Sam scoffed. “Oh, you’re not playing innocent tonight. You know what we’re talking about.” He said sternly.
Tony sighed. “Oh shit, not now.” Steve heard Tony muttered and used this chance to dash away from him to the elevator, where Natasha came from.
“On it.”
Tony sighed. “I want to talk.”
“You really don’t want to challenge me especially when we’re in a hospital right now. Bloodshed will not look good for patients. He growled.
Tony stared down at him. "Do it." Happy gulped as he inwardly curse. He typed something on his phone to alert JARVIS.
"Anything." He said as he kept kissing his hand.
"I will..go to you willingly. As long as you won't hurt Natasha. You will bring no harm to her and leave her out of this."
"Well then, what's this sweet little proposition of yours?" Bucky finds himself already smirking.
"Figured that Steve should do be the one telling."
“H-Happy?” His mind suddenly was flooded with memories of the latest event. “O-Oh God.. did it happen? L-Last night..”
Bucky winked at Steve. "Told ya sweetie"
"Where?"
"You do know that you're not allowed to break in his apartment right? You don't even know him." Wanda gave her a look.
The Alpha chuckled. “Wow, you’re really something. He wasn’t kidding about your stubbornness. No wonder he’s heads over heels with you.”
Tony smiles wide. “That’s great!”
Pepper sighs. “I understand why you won’t trust us but I am telling the truth. Preferably I want to find Steve first before Stark to set the record straight. Stark has been out of bounds and way over his head which needs a huge slap on the face.” Pepper looked seriously at them, hoping to convince and understand her part of the story.
“I knew I saw that old guy somewhere.” Wanda muttered.
Mrs. Barnes grabbed his shoulders. "Steve honey, please. I think you need rest-"
"I-I'll make sure."
Tony rests his head on Steve’s shoulder as he tightly hugged him. “I want to be your Alpha.” He whispered as he kissed his ear, giving it a little tug.
"Get your ass up in here!" She hissed.
"Yeah, but she hung up on me and hold on why are you here?!" He looked angrily at Tony, wondering why he is in Steve's apartment.
Sam sighed. Steve is really going to be the death of him for being too adorable.
“I just got off my mission and I heard that Steve was admitted in the hospital! And you were basically the main cause of it!”
“Yeah, I’m Peter. His co-worker at Stark Industries.”
“Barnes. Let him go now.” Happy said sternly.
"So, does Steve have a favourite flower?"
Pietro rolled his eyes and quickly went in the car. Natasha stepped on the gas and drove off. "Seriously, Nat? Why that bush?"
Peggy snaps her head in realization. “Oh yeah, what’s that all about?”
"You barged in remember?!" The Alpha shouted.
"It was in the way." He then proceeds to enter two fingers in Steve, scissoring his way in to loosen him up.
“Steve..” Bucky whispered and bolted towards the room.
Tony was just looking at him intently.
The day of the funeral was the worst day of his life.
"Tony I really think you should let that be treated quickly by a doctor."
They both quietly sneak in the mansion and tried to blend into the dark hallway. "I think Barnes hides him underground." She whispers.
"Hey, sweetheart." Tony smirked at Steve.
“If you lay a fing-“
Steve struggled to get out of the hold where he was back hugged by Tony.
“Are you guys…like courting…wait who are you to Steve again?”
"You're trying to get me killed at this very table aren't you?" Sam gritted his teeth.
“Ah, it’s nothing!” Steve looked at them, embarrassed as his face was red. It confuses the others with the 180 degrees switch of mood.
Rumlow and some other guys came to him and starts to ask. "I'm gonna guess it's good news?"
"Look, I don't fucking know okay?! All I know is that he lives in a fucking mansion!"
"Why am I not surprised?" He said sarcastically said. "Where are we going anyway?"
"I didn't really think through and just thought that he was very protective and possessive of you. But then, I guess I saw his sick obsession with you. I don't know what he has in store for you but I think it's bad. I want to protect you."
"But Nat.. I just don't get why Bucky is involved in something like this! I mean he did tell me that his dad was hard on him but I'm sure he was a good man to not let him do this kind stuff." Steve bit his lip in frustration.
Steve glared but was still smiling. "Nat.."
Natasha followed behind and walked in to see two people who stared at her back.
“Ending up in a hospital is not fine.” Sam looked at him, angry.
Natasha shrugged. "Well, he must got the money from somewhere to help that many people."
"You knew?"
“It was not nothing Steve. Spill the tea.” Peggy said seriously.
“Steve Rogers deserves the best, doesn’t he?”
"Oh right!" Steve quickly followed him like a cute little puppy which Happy thought it was really cute. 'No wonder Pepper was so smitten with this guy.'
"Like I said, trades, exports. Basically, I sometimes meet up with certain clients to deal with. The company Natasha works in is one of my clients and to make a deal, had to go through her. That's how we met. It's a private company anyway, they don't like sharing the company's info."
"That's what she said. She won't tell me where she's going."
“She is close in throwing a tantrum, sir.”
Peter glared at him. "Look, I'm getting there. So, since you're his friends which thank God you're here! I want you to help me find Steve!"
"Yes, but I explained everything at the time. The main thing was to keep an eye on Steve Rogers."
Steve mentally face palmed, he should not have left his phone around. It can be very dangerous for Steve if he doesn’t have emergency contact numbers. He was usually meticulous but he knew it was most probably because he was thinking too much this morning about the whole event.
“Give me names.” She growled and Clint knew someone is going to die.
"Exactly, he is just amazing in what he does and very unpredictable at times." Thor gave a breathy laugh as he looked down shyly. "He's perfect."
Tony scoffed. "Really, a kid? You're letting a kid handle a situation like this?"
"What." Tony gritted his teeth. Dark aura surrounded him, displaying an intimidating Alpha that he is which made the whole people in the room shiver in fear.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Look, the kid's right. Stark has outstanding technologies that could find your friend faster."
Tony was immediately bombarded by a furious Natasha who kept asking him questions in hushed angry tones.
Tony then remembered that Barnes told him that they were childhood friends. He growled and clicked his tongue.
"Get the car ready." Tony could only see red as he violently grabbed his coat and furiously storms out of his office.
Peter waved in front of Sam and Wanda to look at him. "Look! That's not important! Right now, since the Mafia guy spared me cause Steve told him not to hurt me, in exchange for this terrible mercenary guy who kidnapped me, to keep an eye on me to not tell Stark or basically anyone." Peter was already out of breath at this rate.
“I just want to show my huge appreciation for his talent and to kind of officiate his solo showcase with a pre-celebration.” The Betas are trying hard to not laugh at their boss’ attempt to deny.
"Tony Stark."
"Noted." Steve laughed.
Bucky and Tony glared at the Beta for touching their Omega.
Steve laughed. “No, it’s just that I have other friends over if you don’t mind.”
"Come on." Bucky got out of the car and helped Steve out. He snakes his hand around his waist and grips on it so tightly to make sure Steve stops trying to unlatch him like he was doing now.
Bucky shrugged. "Not entirely right...unless I need to take drastic measure."
“Steve, you know that’s not it.” Wanda looked at him, concerned. “You always push yourself too hard that it is affecting your health.”
Steve just stood there awkwardly. He was bewildered in the current situation he’s in. Everyone looked weirdly at Tony. The Alpha snapped out of his stare and waved his hand in the air. “Look, let’s talk about the exhibition. Come on, have a sit Steve.” He guided Steve to his couch and sat next to him.
"I'm sure they're looking at you right now. So happy that you're doing this. They're proud of you."
Everyone looked at an out of breath Natasha Romanoff by the door.
“W-What?” Steve looked at him in shocked.
Natasha stared at the door that was slammed in front of her. She has to protect Steve.
Triple updates everyone?! SURPRISE! SURPRISE! It's for u guys who are always here, reading my story. I just love u guys thank youuu!!
“Who could say no to that?” and then they kissed, Steve and Tony pouring all the love they felt to each other, savoring in the moment until they felt several additional weights on their bodies. They broke apart only to find their sons
“I don’t know what to say, Tony.”
Steve, reacting to his presence, turned around from where he was facing the canvas to face Tony, “Tony,” he put down the brush he was holding. Tony’s face must have shown how panicked he was that Steve immediately put down his brush and walked towards him, “what is it, sweetheart? Are you okay?”
“I’ll be here.” Anthony answered him, his beautiful brown eyes shone with delight, mischief, and dare Steven say, affection. “And one more thing,” Anthony pulled him closer and in a flash pressed an unexpected kiss to Steven’s cheek, “a favor for the brave knight fighting on my behalf.” he winked cheekily.
JW: oh no
“How old are you? Fourteen? Fifteen? You seemed to be my son’s age.”
I have finished writing up the main chapters of this story just need to write the epilogue. I'm thinking of writing another story that is another movie AU. Would you guys be interested in reading that? Drop me a comment below to let me know!
Oh. Of course, Tony’s paranoia seemed to be getting the best of him.
Anthony looked up at Steven with big brown eyes, gazing up at the bright blue eyes of the man who just saved his life and for the first time in Anthony’s life, elicited feelings of contentment and love from him. And he was the son of Zeus? Well, nobody could say that Anthony did anything by halves. He just proposed to a demigod, an actual demigod. They did exist! In the midst of his pondering, he felt Steven placed the hand he was holding to his chest. Underneath the chiton, he felt the thunderous beat of Steven’s heart under his hand. Steven wasn’t unaffected by Anthony’s proximity, that was a good thing.
“Steve,” his mate said, his voice husky and hoarse, the pleasure evident in his wide open eyes.
“What, baby? You can tell us,” Tony gently encouraged him.
“Thank you, doctor.” Steve told him.
“Peter?
“Would if I could, honey. But it’s all you, now. Bring him home to us, sweetheart.”
“And we’re wearing it around the house now? Should I start wearing my armor instead of civvies around the house too?” Steve asked, dropping down on the couch to sit next to Tony.
“Spaghetti, Uncle Joe.” his face seemed to have more color today and he wasn’t being curt. Joe thought it must be good day then.
“Here you are.” Tony echoed his words and looked back lovingly towards Steven, so strong and handsome, his chest forming a buffer that protected Anthony from the strong winds blowing  around and through them as they flew higher from the ground. It was hard to imagine a time when he was so sick that he was at Death’s door. “Suppose I should thank this Olympian sibling of yours for preserving your life so I can meet you.”
“Yeah, well maybe I’m just one of those people who are meant to be alone, Nat.” Natasha thought he looked melancholic for a beat. This is the Tony she sometimes saw a glimpse of when he was playing with Lila and Cooper, or babysitting Nate. Tony wasn’t meant to be alone. Before meeting him in person, all she knew about Tony was limited to what she read in the gossip magazines. The genius, playboy, billionaire who charmed the pants off everyone. The genius inventor who succeeded in every field he dabbled in. One of the richest man in the world who could have anything he could dream of. It was only after getting better acquainted with Tony that she realized what a big heart the genius had. Clint’s story about Tony paying for his and the kid’s lunches when they first met was interesting enough. Natasha knew that Tony has paid off Clint’s mortgages and contributed heavily to the kids’ education savings, without Clint’s knowledge. His new SI subsidiary, Stark Resilient, provided prosthetics and life-saving medical devices to hospitals in Hawai’i at a heavily subsidized pricing, and was made free for all veterans. He invested heavily in the protection of Hawai’i’s beaches and education, and was driven to make Hawai’i the first state to run solely on renewable energy because he knew that tourism was not the only thing Hawai’i could offer to the world and to its citizens.
“Why are you doing this?” Tony walked away from Steve, he couldn’t believe his day was taking such a drastic turn after that amazing scientific breakthrough and a surprise visit from Steve.
“Steve Rogers?” Tony tried again, stopping in front of him, “Can I ask you a question? do you know who I am?”
” Peter murmured sleepily, only feeling slightly guilty for being grateful that his parents being busy and away helped him and his brothers keep such a bombshell of a secret from them.
“Two hundred million unregistered guns in the United States, and somehow this one found its way into our stereo system.” Jarvis remarked. Steve turned back to him, a frown marring his handsome face.
Tony fled to the workshop.
Ulysses slept soundly in his bassinet, swaddled in soft warm cloths. He was so precious, Tony could hardly be blamed for barely glancing up at the newcomers in the room other than to notice Clint’s disaster balloon and the bouquet of daffodils and carnations in Natasha’s hand. Steve seemed to have the same problem too, Tony thought he hasn’t kept his eyes off his son the entire time they’ve been here.
“Thank you, doctor.” Tony told him, “really, thank you for helping us from the start. We really appreciate it.”
Ulysses wanted to go on the jungle gym that was installed on the park much to Tony’s immense relief. He climbed the slide and was having fun with the other kids playing there too. Tony and Joe went to sit on the bench nearby, keeping an eye on Ulysses. Joe seemed to be as hyped up as his older brother, his big blue eyes taking in the park scenery while he gnawed on Tony’s fingers. He’s been seeking for things to chew a lot these days, his teething days might be coming soon.
Dammit, Clint was getting that godfather title after all. Pepper was going to kill him.
“Oh, God. I’m robbing the cradle and the retirement home at the same time.” Tony moaned in dismay.
They went to a Tiffany’s that morning to pick up the mating bands. Tony chose a sensible plain golden ring for Steve, hefty and solid in his hands, just the way Steve preferred it. A solid reminder of Tony’s love and their bond in his hand, day in and day out. For Tony, Steve chose a platinum mating band, strong, durable and without any embellishments that would interfere with Tony’s work in the shop. Tony smiled fondly at him at his consideration and leaned his body close to Steve’s placing his arms around Steve’s waist and whispered to him, “You know me so well.” They had the rings engraved: Steve’s with Tony’s name and Tony’s ring bore Steve’s name. They went to a Washington DC city hall, filed the paperwork for a mating license then had a justice of peace officiate the ceremony with two of the city clerks as witnesses. It was simple, it was uncomplicated, it was what they wanted their relationship to be.
“Sounds good.” Tony hummed into Steve’s chest. “We’ll be okay, right, Steve?”
“I feel like you're driving me to a court-martial. This is crazy. What did I do?” Tony was in Afghanistan for a weapons demo for the Army higher ups, demonstrating the newest weapon in SI’s pipeline, the Jericho missile. It was a good demo, if Tony said so himself. They were impressed, as if they could ever be anything other than impressed, and now he was on the way back to Bagram Air Base for the flight back stateside. But before that, he had to deal with these Army kids, intimidated by his reputation, “I feel like you're going to pull over and snuff me. What, you're not allowed to talk? Hey, Forrest!”
“So real.” Steve says faintly.
“How does it taste like?”
“Later.” Steve repeated, eyes smoldering and promising Tony a good time to be had later.
“I said your balls make me nauseous, Steve. Ugh!” Tony rolled over on the bed, putting his back to Steve, “I can’t believe I’m getting cockblocked by this weird ass pregnancy hangup. The one good thing about being pregnant was supposed to be the increased libido!”
“Whoa, whoa. What? Steve, I don’t want to kick him out. Barnes is more than welcome to stay here. God knows, we have more than enough room. And being alone wouldn’t be the best thing for someone recovering.”
“Falcon,” It was Jarvis’ turn to be interrogated, “Yeah, he’s uh, he’s alright, I guess. His right hand has some talent, and his left hand is full of street cred. Due to the fact that his brother is a big time gangsta.” the man chuckled nervously.
Ellie gasped and looked around for Brianna, wanting to show her the painting. Lucky for her, at the same time Brianna walked to her, finding her friend in front of the most crowded painting in the lobby.
Tony looked at him, brown eyes blown up by lust, “Mmm, I might just take you up on that, handsome.” They kissed softly and slowly, completely forgetting their surroundings. Tony moaned into the kiss as Steve touched his tongue on his bottom lip, asking without words to be let in which Tony gladly obliged as he opened his mouth wider, welcoming Steve’s seeking tongue into the heat of his mouth. Drinking in the sensations of Steve kissing him, reveling in the closeness and intimacy that they still shared even after all these years. Tony never wanted to stop feeling this way. He loved Steve,
, was what they actually meant. Tony spent his whole life fighting against the stereotypes of his subgender. He proved them wrong time and time again, by sticking it out as the first Omega to be a Fortune 500 company CEO, revolutionizing SI, making smarter weapons to protect American troops, perfecting the arc reactor technology and being a superhero.
“Tony, calm down,” Steve said calmly, always the voice of reason, “I’m sure the boys have a good reason for their actions. Reasons that they’ll be telling us right now.” Steve’s tone implied that if they did anything to the contrary, heads would roll.
Tony looked at his boys, his heart swelling up in size with the love he felt for them. Tony still couldn’t believe he got to have it. A family, a mate who loved him unconditionally, two boys he adored and who adored him in return, and another child on the way. If he went back in time and told his younger self that in the future he would be mated to their childhood hero/crush, Captain America, and bore three children for said Captain, his younger self would laughed himself to death and told him to fuck off.
Tony’s just gonna defer to Steve when it came to the intricacies of dealing with his emotionally stunted bestie.
” he murmured and stroked Peter’s hair, in that special Babbo way that always lull Peter to sleep no matter what, “I’m sorry Papa and I haven’t been around much. These missions keep coming one after the other.”
“Morning, Buck. There’s coffee on the counter. Don’t drink the one on the left, it’s decaf.”
Of course the Avengers would not stand for that. Tony had wanted to go, take care of the problem himself. As the one who brought down Killian and his brigade of angry, fire breathing demented soldiers. But his current situation aka third pregnancy disqualified him from the job immediately. Steve instead said he would go, along with Natasha and Clint, to dismantle their operation.
“Oh God, I’m so sorry. I thought I cleaned it all off, I was working on one of my cars this morning. Sorry, let me go wash my hands.” Tony stood up, preparing to head to the bathroom.
So Joe went and Joe served. Then one warm spring day on one of his leave he met Sarah Murphy, a nursing student, and the rest, as they say, was history. They got married at Sarah’s church after Sarah finished school, and a year later their only son, Steven Grant Rogers, was born on Independence Day. Joe’s American Dream was almost complete.
“Well, I don’t believe that. I believe this vacation is for us to relax, decompress and spend time together. Mark my words, Tony, one of these nights I am going to romance you, woo you,” Steve whispered in his ears, “make love to you,” he felt Tony shivered in his arms, his breath hitching in Steve’s ears. Steve grinned in satisfaction, “I’ll make you forget about everything except my name.”
“Ow, Uncle Joe! That hurt!”
The next couple of hours was a blur. He remembered being reluctant to relinquish Tony to the EMTs, until he felt Natasha placed her hand on his arms and gently urged him to “let him go, Steve. They’re going to help him, Steve. But you need to let go first.” He remembered riding in the ambulance with them, holding Tony’s slack hand in his own, praying fervently for Tony to be safe, for the baby to be safe, for everything to turn out alright. He remembered waiting alone, lost in his own thoughts and all the possible ways everything could end badly, and feeling scared like he never felt before --not even when he was certain he was going to die on the Valkyrie-- because if anything happened to Tony, Steve didn't know what he was going to do. Tony was his life, his whole universe, his soul’s mate, his reason for being and to have that light taken away from him would be a fate worse than death.
Bucky, Rhodey, Sam, Clint and Happy completed the picture, with Clint and Sam standing side by side behind Natasha and Bucky and Rhodey, who was wearing his dress blues, in the middle of the picture. Happy stood behind Pepper, a hand on her shoulder.
To say that Steve was a terrible patient would be an understatement of the century. The serum gave him increased metabolism, which also meant increased energy, and being confined to a bed was not doing him any good, even though it was needed for him to heal from his injuries. Compounded to this was his long held complex of inadequacy and guilt, and you’ve got yourself one grumpy super soldier patient.
Tony started to nod, but then remembered that old adage of communication being key to a healthy relationship. And much as he loathed to talk about his insecurities, if he couldn’t be open and honest with his mate, who else could he be that way with?
“Sounds good to me.” Tony smiled and they kissed again, celebrating the happy news Tony just shared
“We can hear you, you know?” Jamie told them, pulling Joe close to him and started them on a trek to their homeroom class.
“Uh huh. Yep. Mark 42.”
“What?” Tony smiled mischievously at him, moving from behind the desk to sit down on Steve’s lap. Tony placed his head on Steve’s shoulder nosing at his neck, “You know that glass of scotch we share every night?”
“I think I broke Rhodey, Steve. He always have some smartass comeback no matter what I said.”
Steve laughed then scooped Ulysses up with his other arm, so now he has two boys, one in each arm and kissed Ulysses’ cheek then Joe’s. The boy giggled then kissed his little brother's cheek much to Joe’s delight.
“Tony please. I know what you’re like after long sessions in the workshop. And this ain’t like that. Please don’t lie to me,” Steve countered. Then in a quiet voice, he said, “I just want to help you. I love you,”
“Tony...oh my God…” Steve rasped out, his blue eyes misty with unshed tears of happiness.
So Steve was sullen, snappish and moody for most of his recovery. Most of the Avengers avoided him, or only visited for short intervals. If they did visit, they would be carrying one of the boys in their arms because having the boys around seemed to appease Steve’s moodiness. He wouldn’t snap at them as much if they were holding one of the boys.
Steve sighed and stepped further into the room, noting the plethora of Iron Man suits of different paints and designs in the platforms surrounding Tony’s workshop and garage, suits that didn’t exist before Steve left on his mission ten days ago, “Tony, you know this isn’t healthy. When was the last time you sleep?”
“I got my gun.”
“I’m fine, Tony.” Steve assured him, though Tony didn’t seem mollified by it. “I must have called it in my sleep. That's not supposed to happen. I'll recalibrate the sensors. Can we just...just let me...just let me catch my breath, okay?”
Tony chuckled at that, “I’ll take your word for it, soldier.”
“Guys, I think my water just broke.” Tony dumbly said, looking down at the puddle at his feet.
“I was thinking of using my mother’s maiden name for his middle name: Carbonell. What do you think?”
Steve leaned in and kissed Tony’s forehead. His arms, once again, enveloped Tony and he felt the all encompassing warmth and comfort he always felt whenever he’s in Steve’s arms. “Honey, what he has done to you, what he did to you, it’s not something that can ever be forgotten. You’re so strong, sweetheart. You’re a survivor. And I am humbled everyday that you’ve decided to share your story with me.”
” Peter said exasperatedly, “
Oh God. Now, there would be two of them in Steven’s family. “Anthony…”
, why did he choose to tell Tony now! They were so happy before. Why did he have to go and ruin everything!
Two hours later, they came out of watching Blackfish with a crying Asgardian and a crying spy/master assassin, two broken coffee tables courtesy of two furiously indignant super soldiers who were outraged by Tilikum’s treatment, a sleeping Russian spy who wasn’t concerned in the slightest at what she was seeing on TV because she, as a Russian knew more than anyone just how hopeless and futile life was, and Sam, who just flat out left the room in the middle of the show. Tony just counted himself lucky that nobody punched out the TV. he was getting tired of having to replace the TV every time somebody got upset or lost a game of Mario Kart.
They’ve hit the reset button. And now everything’s ready to start again.
That night as they laid in bed, Tony asked him something he never thought he would.
“Tony, is there something you want to tell me?”
On the video screen, Ulysses ducked his head in happiness, a small smile spreading across his face, feeling the warmth of affection in his Papa's words. Joe might have teared up a bit there listening to Papa's speech, but damn it always felt good to know just how unconditional your parents' love was.
Natasha’s small, almost imperceptible, smile told him that he said what she needed to hear. “Go on and get in the ring, Aunt Tasha. Someone needs to be the voice of reason when that kid grows up.” Tony nudged her to where the others were standing around Steve who still had Ulysses in his arms. She left her perch on Tony’s bedside and joined the others as they cooed over Ulysses. Tony leaned back on his hospital bed, tired out but relieved and happy to know that Ulysses would have so many people loving him and watching over him, if he and Steve were to perish. His son would never be alone. He would never feel coldness and emptiness that Tony often feel growing up by himself.
"That's why you love us duh."
“We were so worried about you! And you even left your phone!” Wanda jumped in.
The door opens to a fancy hallway.
"O-Omega!" Tony almost shouted, happy and very surprised at the same time.
"Honestly traitors in my book should be punished but with you I'll make an exception. But if she does something else..I won't tolerate it sweetheart."
Steve pulled away. “Y-You’re here.”
Steve’s legs felt wobbly. He just couldn’t help that his inner Omega felt great satisfaction and achievement as he managed to make the Alpha feel good. He let out an accidental small whimper. “Ahh..”
"If she worked with Barnes, she wouldn't have done that."
"Hey, hey, it's no big deal. You're like family to me Steve." She cupped his cheek and caressed it.
Bucky let out the same pheromone that the air became so overwhelming especially for the Omega. He felt too much heat. Omegas are delicate creatures, so they could not withstand intense and extreme situation especially when there are predominantly Alphas.
Natasha turned to Steve, gently caressing his arm. “Steve, what did he do?”
“No, I hated it. I do not want to belong to anybody. Whatever you’re doing…this…courting or whatever this is has to stop.”
“You’ll run away again!”
The Mafia just looked stoic and shrugged a little. “When puberty hits, all things change.”
"Stop.. it.." Steve lazily replied as his lips was continuously ravished by Bucky.
“Sam..” Steve was cut off.
Wanda smiled and happily went to Steve and hugged him hard. “God, I missed you!”
Steve looked weirdly at him. “What do you mean?”
"What do you mean by that?"
Steve looked disappointed but nodded. Part of him was probably too scared to learn more about this side of Bucky. "If he finds us now-"
Pietro laughs a little. "I think I know why Steve hates it when people are overprotective of him."
"Don't tell me you've fallen before you even met him?" Happy playfully asked.
Tony was just staring at his beautiful Omega whose name he found out was Steve. Adorable. He couldn't believe it, it's like fate is giving him the best gift ever. "My uhm...body just reacted so strongly to your scent...you just smell so.." He closed his eyes and inhaled the Omega's warm sweet scent and opened his eyes. "wonderful..."
“You tell me Tony.” Happy said, pissed.
“Easy, Barnes.” The Alpha next to him muttered quietly.
"If I didn't know any better, I think you're just jealous Wilson." Peggy shrugged.
Sam quickly got out the car when he sees no signs of Wanda and Pietro. He runs straight up to Steve's apartment. He reached the door and didn't even bother knocking when the door knob was turned. He runs it and surprised with a blonde Beta lady sitting in the living room.
“Я заставлю тебя жаждать и умолять меня.”
“You have to rest Steve. I mean it. We’ll talk about this later when you are ready.”
"As what?" She raised her brow.
(See the end of the chapter for
"He won't."
“Too late.” A female voice boomed through the ceiling. Tony can sense a smirk behind those words.
Steve smiles wide as they walked out of the building. "It is."
Sam cleared his throat. “Oh yeah, better send you and Wanda home. You’re crashing at your brother’s, right?” Sam turned to Wanda.
“Don’t touch him like that.”
“What? Planning for another kidnapping mission?”
Steve shook his head. "Please..no... I beg you."
Tony ignored him. "Let's call it a night." He went to his desk to grab some things.
“Well, uhm…Bucky…” He said nervously.
Sam nodded. "Not bad muscle guy."
Natasha turns around and saw Rumlow did a turn at the hallway they're in. His eyes were wide and quickly walked towards her. "Well well, the traitor is back."
The door was slammed open and revealed a pissed Tony Stark with Happy behind him.
"Welcome handsome."
“Please, I want to be your Alpha.”
“What!? I don’t understand why tomorrow?!”
That broke Steve out of trance. He mentally thanked Happy.
Happy and Peter are just looking at them in disbelief.
"Tony enough!" Happy said sternly.
The sound of a glass shattering filled the room. "Где вы сказали, что он работал?!" A very intimidating man wearing a fine leather suit with hair slicked back, eyes piercing through one's soul making him look like the deadliest alpha you never want to encounter.
“So, he practically has no one now…” He spoke lowly.
"Oh, this is the time. We know."
"Oh My God it's Bucky! The other Alpha that Steve told us." Wanda said.
"Relax, I think I might know which. I remember he asked one of his people to create this...room. I'm sure it's one of those high security rooms."
"Yeah, he's cool with it. Plus, you can describe that Alpha to him personally. I'm sure he'll be able to help."
Steve excitedly opens the door only to see a military officer.
"Y-Yeah..you're right..I can do this."
“Yea boss?”
Did Bucky really mean that? Would he really do that to Natasha? He is not a cruel person. But then again he does not know this Bucky. If his friends were here to see what he is doing now, they would freak out. He pressed number without thinking. After a few rings it stopped. Steve gulps.
Steve sighed. "I would just..be reminded of Bucky you know."
Hope you guys are staying safe. Did not upload in awhile due to all the assignments. But I am trying!
“I should say the same. Seriously, what are you doing here?” Steve pulled away and looked at her. “Did Sam..”
"Well, actually his right hand man Rumlow came to my organization to hire anyone who is willing to work with James Barnes for a lot of money since he was lacking of people. I took it. I just wanted to be free from my organization. The environment was not how I want my life to be. Not saying that the working condition is better with Barnes but I guess the good thing working with Barnes is that we only sort to killing when needed instead of simply killing someone without apparent reason. But of course not trying to make it sound better. We just deal with a lot of illegal trades and stuff." Of course there were more to it than what she said but she figured Steve should know a little bit for now.
"What kind of reason is that?!" Steve said angrily.
Steve silenced him with a light peck on his cheek. “Please…” Looking at him like a sad puppy.
“Shit.” Sam followed behind the two Alphas to make sure they don’t get near Steve.
"Yeah, I don't think I can do this." It is 9:50 a.m. and the three of them are in front of the Stark Industries building. And Steve was nervous. Very nervous. Something about the building intimidates him.
"Yeah..but still it does not make sense. Despite of what he did to me, I know Bucky is a good guy..he shouldn't be doing this."
“But you gotta make sure to take care of yourself after this.” The nurse said as she was writing on a file. “I’m gonna go and settle your bills.”
Steve sighed. “Look, it’s nothing. I just got a little stress.”
"Peggy, you do know we're only in Brooklyn. We can just take the subway. We don't have to actually sleep there."
(See the end of the chapter for
Pietro did the same which Natasha felt relieved.
Someone cleared her throat loudly to which everyone turned to Natasha who gave Tony a look. Tony rolled his eyes. “Well, Miss Romanoff found your work. If it weren’t for her, I wouldn’t have known but still I immediately want you in.”
Steve looked at him confused. He then saw the back door of car opened. Who he saw was probably the least person he would like to see in his life right. That tall and muscular body of a dark-haired man with blue eyes that he adores…or used to.
"Trynna get Steve."
"W-What? How...Pietro." She sighs. She might need to have a talk with the guy.
Bucky tugged the chained collar around his neck little which made Steve whined. "That's not what you say to your Alpha doll." He growled behind his neck
"Oh yeah! The new guy for the management department. I'm Happy by the way." He extended his hand where Steve immediately shook it.
"Oh, no." Nat said sternly.
She shrugged a little. "You tell me. I just work for him."
“But..why are we leaving them? I want them with me.” The sky blue eyes looked at him pleadingly.
She winked and went to her room. Even when she's inside he could still hear her voice clearly. "Make sure you sleep Steve! I'm gonna check up on you after my shower! And if you're not asleep by then, I'm going to sing you a lullaby!"
The Alpha sighed.
"Mrs. Barnes, they said that they could not find his body! So he has to be out there somewhere, probably hurting." Steve whimpered at the thought of his hurt and probably wounded Alpha.
The woman smirked and ready to walk out until she turned around. "Oh, forgot to tell you. Just found out that your sweet little omega of yours has another part time job on weekends."
“Have you ever thought about his feelings?”
“Look you seem like a decent but how do we know that boss of yours won’t do something to Steve.” Sam said.
Bucky looked at her shocked and confused. "Romanoff? Why the heck are you here?"
Wanda hugged him and soothes his arm. “Ssshhh, it’s okay. You’re safe with us.” Wanda’s gaze fell on his neck and gasped a little. “Steve, I think you should look in the mirror.”
(See the end of the chapter for
James scoffed. He found his runaway Omega. 'Just wait till I claim you Stevie..'
“Wow, I think you’re slowly forgetting that I’m the one who is in charge and that I don’t need to hear whatever you say.” He said as he wore his coat ready to leave.
"Oh, you didn't tell them?" Wanda looked at Natasha to which she shrugged.
The Alpha huffed and roughly pushes in his finger in the wet hole.
"Stevie, would you be a dear and present yourself to me on the bed?" He whispered hoarsely. All he could think about is Steve. His beautiful Omega Steve.
Pietro laughs a little and makes a teasing sound. "Aww my little twin misses me so much, huh?" He teased as he pinched both of her cheeks and stretched it hard.
“Behave Tony.” He said sternly.
"Oh, right. You don't know about Steve's situation."
"Is that okay? Isn't he like his PA or something?"
Few seconds later, 10 addresses popped. Pepper groaned. “Oh, great.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky groaned in satisfaction and starts to enter deeper as he clamps his hips down.
Sam sighed. “Wow that guy was not kidding when he kept saying that you’re his mate. You knew he was going to mate you right back then?”
"You zip it Carter!"
"Alphas." His uttered the word in disgust as if the Alpha's existence himself was such a disgrace. Steve wanted to say something until he spotted Peter who was trying to look for him. He immediately dashed towards Peter leaving the Alpha behind.
“Asked him? Did you really?”
"Steve I'll always be with you. Sam and I are here with you okay? We will never leave you side."
"Actually, that's true." Wade smugly said as Barnes and Rumlow gave a look. "Okay, fine so I messed up this one."
"Do we look like we're lying?" Sam gave him a look.
“That’s not how you treat your Alpha.” He pushed the door wide open that Steve took a step back. He went inside and closed the door, locking it in the process.
Thor nervously laughed. "Just Thor would be great."
“There is a record that he was under the custody of James Barnes father back then.”
“I want a proper job with good pay Sam. Can you trust me?”
Bucky looks at Steve with full adoration. "Really?"
"I'll let him go but of course, there is a condition. You." He points at Peter. "Will be watched by him." He said as he points at Wade Wilson. "He'll follow you every step of the way to make sure you do not tell Stark. If you do, I'll let him end you or do whatever he wants."
Peter pouted.
Natasha laughed a little. "Alright, alright, I'm sorry. That was out of bounds." She said as she puts her hand in the air.
"Whatever, so you know where to find Steve?" He looked at her worriedly.
"Get off." He gritted his teeth.
Bucky smirked in satisfaction against his skin. “I know you love it..”
“It’s nothing.” Steve shrugged, avoiding his gaze.
"It's not like I pledge a fucking permanent loyalty Brock."
It has only been 2 days of chaos in Steve’s life and he has a feeling it would not stop there. Especially the dozens of roses on his doorstep. He blinked in confusion as to whom would send him these. He searched for a note to find out who would send him these. He found one and quickly opened it.
“I hire you to be my P.A. You know what that is right? Personal Assistant. To assist! To just do what I tell you!”
"Oh my God I just can't wait! Just to see you both tie the knot!"
“Stark.”
"Oh God, why am I wasting my breath on you! Get JARVIS to hack into anything! CCTV, system or whatever! Call our people to search the area, find any witness. Have Pepper standby at his apartment just in case he  would come back."
Pietro shrugged. "I can be a great help."
"He orders, we do it." She sighed.
. He knew that type of stare. It's when an alpha wants to claim him as his.
“You don’t mind paying 10 thousand dollars?” Happy said softly.
“Bucky! Stop it!” Steve nudges Sam to the side to stand in front of Bucky bravely. “Don’t talk to him that way.”
Ah yes i'm back. If ur wondering bout Peter dun worry. u guys will see him soon. I miss him too hehe.
"Rumlow, is the room ready yet?"
He found Natasha's phone on the table and decided to just call from hers. She might have one of their numbers since they're now friends. "Nat I'm gonna use your phone to call Sam or Wanda!" He tapped the screen but it was black so he tried to switch it on and it did. He waited a few seconds to let it reset. But there were millions of notifications that her phone kept vibrating with messages and missed calls. Most of them were named Rumlow which made Steve curious since there were like hundreds of them. He unconsciously scanned the whole list until his eyes dropped on a single name.
“Tony its fine. I won’t lie it was shocking since we just met and all. I’m pretty sure you’re just that type to run it’s mouth even when you don’t mean too.” He said politely.
"Steve." Natasha said with a stern voice as she cups his face. "Don't stress yourself with this. It's not for you to think. What's important is that you're safe from him and he won't find you here. I will protect you okay?"
Natasha looked at him and sighed. "I know Stevie...it's hard but you need to be protected. An alpha will protect you."
"I hate you so much." Steve looked at him with teary eyes.
Natasha just stared at Rumlow. "That Omega is innocent."
Most of the time not everyone appreciates what Tony does but with Steve…it felt very genuine as if he understands what he does. He felt like he could be himself around him.
“It’s a school night.”
Sam, Wanda and Pietro blinked. "Wait, what?!" The three said in unison.
“Listen, Steve. I hate this as much as you do. I would never even suggest this if it truly was a terrible idea. Just give it a shot. If you feel, even the slightest bit uncomfortable and it’s not working then we will stop it, okay?”
Thor nodded. "I do. And that's why it made me want to protect and help him more now. I uhm..honestly wish I could've done more. I have seen Alphas after him but I was kind of at my last semester so I couldn't do much. But I did teach those idiots a lesson though."
Steve looked down as he blushed. “Don’t say that. I..I don’t know how to repay your kindness.”
Steve sighed. “Gosh, you wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
“Well yeah he did call me, but the thing is I did plan on coming to surprise both of you this very night. Like I booked the ticket way early.”
“The doctor said you’re okay now. But you need rest.”
"In my defense, there were too much people around Steve Rogers you asked me to look out on. Got confused. There was the best friend Sam who had the same last name as mine, that red head Wanda girl..and there's that people from Stark like Hogan-" Wade was rambling on until Rumlow groaned.
Natasha looked at him and face palmed.
Steve started to feel distress. "What do you mean? What does he do?"
Alpha Tony Stark is recognizing and even valuing your talent so much that he puts together a solo platform for you is a once in a lifetime chance.
"Nice to see you again Steve." She winked and Steve blushed. Steve does not know why she keeps making him blush, probably because she just oozes out confidence everywhere.
Natasha looked at Tony pissed, for making the Omega uncomfortable with his unpleasant pheromone that was starting to rise in the room.
"Anything for you Alpha." He whispered as he slowly moan into the kiss.
"Wow, you really have not heard me all this time. I told you I met him. I know him through a friend who is very close to him. I looked at all his paintings right there and then. It's all incredible."
Tony smiles. “Well, not exactly a who but a what. He’s an artificial intelligence system I created. Very smart and I made sure he can be very humanly friendly. I call him JARVIS. Just A Rather Very Intelligent System. Hence, the name JARVIS.”
He wondered how he knew his address but then realized he must’ve seen his resume. He sighed. Now he is thinking twice about working there. Pepper gave him a call last night that he could just officially start next week unless if he chose not to since she understands the circumstances he was in. He was not sure what the right decision would be. Working in a multi-billionaire company like the Stark Industries is considered a blessing and not everyone many has that opportunity especially Omegas in the corporate world. He knows the pay would help him so much in settling his student loans quicker. But the risk was just as strong that he kept contemplating it.
“Tony, where are you going? You have a meeting in an hour.”
Tony sighs and just stares at his desk, imagining Steve was sitting there. “He…is just so different in such a good way. Kind, beautiful, talented artist. He makes me feel..warm and fuzzy.” He did not realize that he has been smiling the whole time.
"Seriously, to the extent of buying the club? Pretty sure it was not a coincidence."
“W-What?!”
"Well as long as you have a plan then we can still do it. What's your job anyway?"
"That's why I'll call Nat. Both of you stay here in case he would come back."
"Actually, kind of. I do have him in my contacts." Thor looked at all the shocked faces.
"You know nothing being an Alpha! I can't help myself for always being controlling, dominating and even territorial." He looked at the spot his Omega stood. He walked towards the door until Happy blocked his way.
'God I hope Steve is alright.' Happy thought.
"I-I want to satisfy you..please let me." Steve placed his hands on the bed which Bucky reluctantly complied to it again. He then places his hands on Bucky's shoulder and starts moving his hips.
“Let’s talk.”
His heart was beating rapidly and stopped when a familiar voice spoke.
He groaned and blushed. "They should be educated on that! And...I thought you will let that go..." He said timidly.
Sam and Peggy nodded.
"Natasha, just handle it. I need to go to this other stupid meetings." Tony sighed as he wears his blazer, ready to get out of the door.
"You're Tony Stark, you can be over the top..."
Steve looked at Bucky, terrified. Body trembling. “N-No..it can’t be-“
"Steve you could wear a paper bag and I would still love you unconditionally."
"Damn it! Why can't these people wait?!." He said as he was walking out the door before he waved his arm. "Look just bring the paintings here in my office and I'll check it out later when I come back."
"So..are you guys like friends?" Wanda asked.
“Bucky, please. Stop-mhmm..Ah!” Steve moans into the touch.
“Look, if there’s anything you need to talk about just come to me okay?”
"Y-You see he encountered a dangerous situation during lunch just now." Peter said nervously.
"Just do it!"
Happy chuckled. "Confidential I assume."
Steve takes a deep breath as he walked towards his destination. Every nerve inside of him is tingling. He doesn't know if he made the right decision but he knows he has to. He doesn't know what Bucky is capable of.
"You're already in anyway. They just want to discuss about the showcase on detail."
"Actually...I've prepared something special for you tonight." He looked down shyly as he whispered breathelessly.
"Are you sure?" Thor looked at them weirdly.
“Yeah, I know you don’t but please. I just want to take control of my life you know.”
Bucky was drown into the kiss where Steve tastes so sweet like apple and nectar that he couldn't get enough. He was kissing him so passionately that Steve was too tired to fight back and just let him.
Peggy glared at Barnes. "It's true though."
"Alpha, please promise me to come back home." Tears started to pool in his eyes.
Happy ran and yanked Tony off of Steve who was trembling. “Pepper get Mr. Rogers out of here!”
“She is my guardian Angel.” Steve said lovingly to which Peggy looked touched.
Bucky chuckled and kissed his nose. He then nuzzled his face in Steve's neck, purring in satisfaction.
"What's the Alpha like by the way?" Peter asked curiously.
“No we-“ Steve got cut off by Bucky grabbing his chin to look at him.
Wanda sighed. "Okay then."
"You only had one job and you fucked it up."
"Oh no.." Happy muttered.
"What happened?" He asked concerned.
Peter was diligently working on some codes as he vigorously type the keyboards. He made such adorable frustrated expressions that made the Alpha in the room smiled.
Steve nodded and lied down, closing his eyes and wished it was all a dream.
"Why do you want to know?" Pietro stiffened and looked at her weirdly.
"Don't touch me!"
Sharon nodded. "Yeah, he is the boss. Oh, wait. You haven't met him! I'm so sorry I forgot to mention! You came here 2 weeks ago for the interview. But Mr. Barnes here bought the club last week after he made a deal with the previous boss. So, he's our new boss."
“Steve, why are you denying the attraction between us?” Tony pulled Steve towards him by his arm.
Steve looked away nervously and closed his eyes, trying to hope all of this was just a nightmare.
Tony and Bucky growled at him. “You stay away from him.” Bucky got closer to Sam. “You will not interfere my relationship with Steve. I suggest you walk away while I’m being nice.”
“I don’t mind if you do though. You need rest.”
Hey im back!!
Steve gasped and looked at the phone in disbelief.
"We're on our way. Good thing I know where that motherf***** lives." Natasha growled.
Steve rolled his eyes at them as he was pouring the gravy all over the chicken. He sighs in satisfaction with the table set up and stared at his left hand, smiling. The dazzling beautiful stone shining.
“I have no idea what you guys are talking about.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah, Pepper Potts. She interviewed me last week."
Natasha shrugged. "I mean maybe it could be his family business. Usually Mafia starts from there."
"Which you and I know it's not true."
“Well I think it’s better if you tell him yourself Barnes.” Steve and Bucky looked confused until seconds later another car safely parked behind the car Happy came out of.
"Of course!" Peggy winked. "I mean Bucky is not wrong though. Even I don't trust them."
"Bucky stop.." Steve shyly squirmed in his seat as he tries to unlatch Bucky from his side but the latter was practically glued to him.
“Sure boss.” Brock then left Bucky’s side.
“Feel like Chinese tonight?” Natasha smirked as she held it up in the air.
"I think I pretty much got that the first time. I need to know what he does!"
Natasha massaged her head. "If only it was easy I would have done it by now Barnes."
“Girl, you tell me. My boss is always crazy and an idiot sometimes but this…is not really him or at least not that I know of.” Natasha said.
"That was pure torture. Teasing me like that..God you have no idea how sexy you look." Bucky leaned down and kissed him passionately as he still scissors Steve's inside.
“Just sleep, please.” Happy pleaded.
"Hogan. Potts. Find out Barnes' property. Anything. Could be his or his father."
Tony clicked his tongue. "Look kid, stay out of it."
"Did you steal this car?"
“It seems like the closer I get, the further he is. Shit loves getting in my way.”
“He was being rude Stevie.”
Pietro looked at her shocked. "This mansion is not big enough that he had to-" With that Natasha hits head.
Peggy growled as Clint patted her back. "Calm down woman."
Bucky grabbed his wrist but Steve yanked it hard and makes a dash towards the door. Before he could reach the door Bucky hugged him from the back and pulled Steve towards a sofa with Steve on top of Bucky's lap, trapped in his hold again.
“So, you’re a friend of Steve too?” Peter asked Sam.
"Yeah, why?"
Well guess we have another new character! Plz do give me your feedback on this fic. Would love to hear your ideas as well!
"Are you kidding me?!"
"Hey, Steve!" Sam said happily.
Steve smiled, his heart warmed at her words. “Thank you. That means a lot to me really.”
“I’m going to assume he’s the one with slightly long hair since the other is the infamous Mr. Stark?” Sam raised his brow.
Sam and Peggy looked at Steve, smiling. Finally, Steve is fully excited about something.
Tony panted and looked at the floor, worried for his Omega.
“I mean I’m not surprised that any Alpha asks you out.” Sam smirks.
“What?”
"Sure, no prob. What's up?"
"Instagram. Plus, we sometimes work together at events in Stanford." Wanda knocked on the door and waited.
Wade sighed. "Not gonna lie. I have a big feeling that you're not kidding."
"Ya better come back home alive Barnes. Cause Carter will hunt your soul and put it back in your body to make sure Steve would not be alone.....and also so that she could see your wedding and be Steve's bridesmaid. Plus she is going to drag me into it." Sam rolled his eyes.
“You’re not going anywhere near him.” Wanda glared.
Bucky growled in Steve's neck. "You're not working for that asshole anymore."
Steve giggled. "Think I could handle that."
“I think I do.” Steve smiles.
"Yeah, I'll leave it  to you and Pepper."
"Oh, yeah I'm fine. I need to head home actually cause I need to finish up some work."
“Baby doll that’s not nice.” Bucky tried to control himself. It was arousing yet challenging his inner Alpha.
"You work with him? Wait, you mean you work at Star-"
“STARK!” A female voice boomed through the hallway. Steve turned to look at Natasha who was just coming out of the elevator and stomping angrily towards them.
“Stark you’re being ridiculous. We did everything you asked okay? It’s perfect and it will be fine.” Happy huffed in annoyance.
"T-That's not the point! Just wait, please."
She could tell by Steve's facial expression that he was hesitant of going with her but slowly nodded. Natasha sighed in relief and both quickly went in the cab. She told the driver her address and pushed off.
“What?” Sam and Wanda said in unison.
“Why?” Tony looked at him as if he was innocent.
"Well, I don't think Steve is in a good mood to talk about it. Gotta wait for him to be okay."
"I seriously don't know where this is going."
"Where!?" James stood up.
Steve sighed. "Nat..."
"Which is why we need to use this chance to explore!"
“Peggy, please be rational. I don’t think it’s a good idea to just approach Steve with questions like that.”
"Bucky!"
"What??!" Wanda and Pietro shouted simultaneosly.
"What? Why?" Bucky looks at him confused and impatient.
“You’re vulnerable but you don’t want to see it. Alphas are always eyeing you that I really worry for your safety. I don’t know about you guys, but I think you need an Alpha or at least one will scent you to scare other Alphas away.”
Happy laughed a little. “Like how you couldn’t stop looking at his picture profile with fondness when you found it, acting like an idiot Prince Charming when you met him and even asking him to marry you. Damn, the latter really takes the cake.”
They both looked at each other suspiciously. “An Omega?” They both said at the same time and eyes widened.
“Please. Call me Tony.”
The sight makes the Alpha’s mouth water. Pink flesh peeking out visibly, as the legs were spread. The entrance clenches almost desperately, as if it were begging the Alpha to fill it.
"Y-Yes."
"You got to her?" Wanda immediately runs to his side.
"If you love me then-mmph!" Bucky kissed him roughly, biting Steve's lips to leave bruises.
"Baby you don't need them when you have me." Bucky kissed Steve's forehead and continued eating his chicken.
“What’s wrong?” Sam said, sticking to his side while rubbing his back. He heard a growl behind him. He turned around to see Tony Stark, glaring daggers at him. If looks could kill, he would’ve been dead.
“Not without my Omega.” Bucky said.
Steve's jaw dropped. "Y-You know him?"
Peter looked at him for awhile and hugged him. Both letting out senses of satisfaction and comfort, Omegas trait.
"Alright."
Pietro looked at the blonde who just got off her phone. "Wait, who is she again?" Pietro whispered to Sam and Wanda but Pepper heard and beat him to it.
"This is none of your business." Bucky growled.
"No, it' fine. It's about Steve anyway." She stood up and bid the other goodbyes as she walked out of the cafe.
As if on cue Brock Rumlow came into the mansion and stared at the scene especially towards Peter in confusion. He cursed under his breath and glared at Wade Wilson.
"Hey kiddo, what's up?"
"Yeah but they won't put you in a high position straight away and pay a new worker that much in the beginning."
“But I do, since I’m your Alpha.” He stalked towards Steve which he took steps back.
“They’re clawing their way in, aren’t they?”
Steve bit his lips and looked like he wanted to cry. "I'm sorry you had to go through all that becau-"
“I think so too. But he won’t tell me.” Sam shrugged.
Pietro felt a little nervous. "You know..stuff."
“Steve.” Bucky said sternly.
Tony looked around. "Damn it! Where did they go?"
“Rich bastard.” Sam and Wanda muttered.
"Hngh! Ah! Bucky!" Steve rolled his eyes as Bucky started to suck so hard under his jaw. "Stop..." he whimpered.
Tony ignored her and sighed. “Look, I just want everything to be perfect. I don’t want to look like a fool as a rich idiot that flaunts his wealth like the media keeps portraying me to be.”
HEYYYY Im BACK
"How is this guy not get caught?! I mean if he runs the underground business, he's like a Mafia." Wanda crossed her arms and looked at Pietro.
Pietro followed inside and laughed when he saw his twin already running at him. Wanda jumped on Pietro to hug him. “Oh my God I missed you!”
“But I just started to work.”
"Damn it, Romanoff! Just ask him to find another job."
One of the Alpha quickly blocked his way towards his supposed direction as the other closed in on him. Steve decided to turn on a brave face.
He walked towards his desk when he realize it was full of paintings and sketches. Beautiful paintings and sketches. It took his breath away. The colours, brush strokes, the sketches of old buildings are wonderful. It just draws him like a magnet. He is not exactly an artist, only an inventor and businessman, but he does know how to value a talented artist. And these are down right phenomenal. He was drown in the paintings until he saw a small note at one of the paintings.
“Okay, seriously how old are you-“ Tony was cut off.
"Hey buddy, sending some paper work to boss."
Wanda glared at Tony but Pietro calmed her down.
“He should have known better not to interfere with my Omega and I.” He said as he wiped a bit of blood at the corner of his lips.
Tony stood and gave him an evil smirk. “I’m going to make Steve mine. Whatever it takes.”
“I-I’m s-sorry.” Steve hugged him tight. Sam was basically one of his trusted friends that he let himself be vulnerable with. Sam was just an honorable man. He deeply cared about Steve, helped him and supported him a lot. Sam was his comfort.
"Well you can say that cause you are a Beta. You don't experience what i experienced. You're so lucky."
"Are you telling me not one surveillance camera caught a sight of them after the club area? It's the Big Apple! How is it possible that they're not caught on camera!"
“You’re in luck. They’re just best friends. Plus, he’s a Beta. Got nothing to worry about.” Brock shrugged.
“Wait..you know each other?” Happy looked from James to Steve.
“Happy called me. He suddenly ran off.” She sighs.
The man took a deep breath and exhaled. "I said..Where did you say that he worked?"
This time Tony interrupts. “How old are you again?” He raised a brow at her.
“Peter.” Happy sighed. “I told you not to come. Steve will be fine.”
"I am in no mode for -"
“Of course.” Steve smiles sweetly.
Steve flinched and pushed his chest. “Stop! Don’t call me that!”
Pietro blinked. Now it made sense. He didn't really thought much when Nat said it was Stevie. Stevie could have been Steve as in Steve Rogers. He is the Omega that Barnes was searching for. And that meant danger.
"Steve.." The man looked at a picture of him and Steve back when they were in high school. How could everything changed just like that? Why is Steve not here with him by his side? They have been together ever since they were kids. How could just one messed up situation change Steve's perspective of him?
Tony sighed. “JARVIS let her know that we’ll be up in 10 minutes.”
“Hospital? I’m actually in a hurry to go there too! I’m visiting a friend. He fainted. He was admitted just a few hours ago.”
Steve's jaw dropped when he scanned the size of the whole living room. But that wasn't the one that is shocking.
"It was bound to happen. We have to get Steve to safety first."
"Yeah. I kill people." Natasha could feel that Steve froze under her touch. She gave him a gentle squeeze to reassure him. "Of course, I don't kill just anyone. Only when ordered to."
"Okay, Steve around the tower. We still couldn't cover all since a lot needs to be done. I mean I still haven't introduced Steve to of course the CEO of Stark Industries himself. But I'm sure you know him."
"Well..yeah what kind of business. I mean I still don't know what exactly do you do honestly." Wanda shrugged.
Bucky smirked a little. “Well good. But still keep digging on him.”
Then, it struck Sam. He knew where Steve is getting at. There were issues where Betas would court Omegas by battling with the Alpha but always end up getting killed. “Steve, I’m not going to get hurt.”
"On it." Rumlow went back to the other men to give out orders.
"I know you want to save Steve and all..."
“What’s this?” Steve pointed at a small little bulldozer.
"Oh come on! Let's be honest you barely let people go near Steve even if they were simply friends or trying to say hi." Sam exclaimed.
Wade shrugged. "It seems like one way or another I will die anyway..might as well." Wade saw how Peter looked at him as if he was grateful. It made the Alpha's body tingle.
Steve nodded and quickly went into the room, closing the door. Bucky sighed. He looked down at his jean to see a large and hard tent formed. He palmed it to keep it calm. He even took off his shirt to quicken the process so he could violate his beautiful Omega.
"Damn it!" Happy quickly went after Tony.
“Yeah.” Wanda nodded.
WHY HELLO I'M BACK!!!
"Alpha.." Steve blushed.
“Peter Parker. His colleague at Stark Industries.” They shook hands quickly as they walk towards the hospital in a fast pace.
“Mr. Stark..”
"Bartender."
“Tony, please. I’m serious leave him alone for now.”
omega. He was unconsciously walking towards the beautiful blonde on the bench.
"I see that you've acquired the liquor business as well Barnes."
"B-Bucky?" Steve's voices were strained as he looked  at him in shock.
That’s enough for Bucky to see red. Before both Alphas lunged at each other, Happy and Brock stood between them to stop them.
“And you act like you’re this suave gentleman. Bullshit.” He spat.
"Happy, is the place ready? I'm pretty sure it is fully furnished and all, right?"
"I can take care of myself Bucky."
Tony just blinked. No one ever gave him such a huge compliment on something he built so simple as a kid aside from his late mother. Not even his late father ever complimented him that much. But this Omega just made him feel so warm and fuzzy inside. His Alpha is purring in satisfaction that he might be going insane.
"Yeah, come on bud."
Happy was shocked at the scene as well as Pepper who was next to him.
“Look, I’m fine. Like the nurse said, I can get out in an hour.”
“Peter!” Pepper ran straight to Peter, concerned. “Are you alright?!” She hugged him so tight that he was out of breath. “I can’t believe you’ve been kidnapped!”
"It's just that...I wish my mom and Bucky would be here with us right now. Mom said she always wanted to bring me to watch the theater. Bucky..promised that he'll bring me to the Empire States building to watch the skyline view."
“About Steve-“
Steve took a deep breath and smiles to himself. He is going to enjoy this trip in the Big Apple with his closest friends. Though he wished he could share this adventure with his mother and Bucky...he knows they want him to be happy and move on with life. He will do this for them too.
“Don’t worry, Natasha and Happy would be delighted to escort them around the building”
“They don’t look delighted.” Steve looks at him weirdly.
Natasha sighed. "I'm sorry."
Wanda rolled her eyes. “Admit it, under all that muscles, he is quite the sweetheart.”
"I'm sorry dollface, but he works with Stark. I don't trust letting him go since I know he is going to rat me out to Stark."
“Lightings from the New York City skylines?”
“Barnes.”
Tony seemed offended as if she thinks he would hurt him. "Excuse me, I am the most controlled Alpha out there. I am Tony Stark."
Wanda turned his body around to see Steve was standing timidly, looking as if he wants to cry.
“Bucky..please take this off. Please…” Steve begged as he touches the collar.
“Actually, I wouldn’t mind. I wanna know his deal with my Steve.”
The smoke quickly filled the room, making Happy dropped the flashlight as he coughed.
“Well, I don’t like to slack off.”
“Nothing bad. I just need JARVIS to find the tenant.”
“Bucky please, I’m begging you don’t.” Face drenched in tears.
“Tony remember?” Tony smiles playfully.
"We know who Barnes is and that you work for him."
(See the end of the chapter for
He just couldn't wait to have Steve by his side again.
Sam motioned Steve to continue.
“O-Oh God! B-Bucky!” Steve rasped out and shivers at the foreign sensation.
“It’s really nothing”
“I never gave you my consent.” He walked backwards until his hips hit the kitchen counter.
Natasha pouts. “I’m offended. Not cool Steve.”
“But it’s so expensive.” Steve looked at Happy worriedly.
Sam turned Steve to look at the stars above and patted his shoulder.
Steve smiles reassuringly. "Trust me. I'll be okay."
“There’s nothing to talk about alright.” He said frustratedly.
“You think so?”
Steve bit his lip and looked at Bucky nervously. "Let me satisfy you Alpha."
“Wanda Maximoff. Steve and I are besties ever since Stanford. I just landed here last night from Russia wanting to surprise him and then I got a text from a good friend of ours saying he was in a hospital.” She looked at him worried.
"Well, Steve said he was his best friend ever since they were kids and all. Didn't really tell what he does...he calls him Bucky. Don't know his full name though."
"He uhm..has two Alphas practically harassing and obsessing over him."
Wanda looked at Steve weirdly. “What do you mean?”
“Don’t be like that doll.” He smirks, fingers thrusting in and out that white cums starts to ooze out. The Omega starts to feel hot and heavy. His body feels warm and aching.
Happy rolled his eyes.
"I only agree to come with you but not-mmph!" Steve could not finish his sentence when Bucky smacked his lips against his. Tongues clashing and fighting which of course ended up with Bucky the victor, licking every inch of his Omega's mouth.
Natasha smiled a little and frowns as she looked down at her lap, thinking about the guilt she had been hiding for so long. How she practically deceived everyone especially Steve, at least in the beginning. She was initially assigned by Bucky to watch over Steve and thought it would be like any other spy mission she received. As she gets to know him, Steve is different from others she met in real life or even during her work at spying. He is a sweet, hard-working, strong and independent Omega. He just charms everyone with that blue eyes and kind heart of his. She considers him as a brother that needs to be protected at all costs. All the while she had never let her emotions out and vulnerable with someone. Being a spy for a long time, made her feel even more cold and distant. Surrounding oneself with violence, killing and death will do that to you.
“A-AH! Bucky!” Steve jerked which gave access for Bucky to maneuver and bury his tongue deeper.
Peter lets go of the hug. "Thanks Steve. I am really glad that you're an Omega when I first saw you." He blushed.
OH GOD HAVE NOT UPDATED THIS! I MISS THIS FIC
"I got over board with my emotions just now. I shouldn't have shouted and let my emotions get to me. I was just too overwhelmed that I could not think straight."
"Oh, he is gorgeous alright." She sighs dreamily as she twirls the pen between her fingers. Happy seems to notice this as a habit of her when talking about beautiful people.
“Romanoff?” He looked at her confused.
"I'll admit..yeah. Couldn't wait to see you." He smiles aa he just stares at him.
"I know right! I'm pretty sure he will get his way out even if we report him. He harassed Steve on his first day of working there."
"Y-You live here?" Steve looked out the window where he saw a giant fountain  in front of the mansion.
“C-Can I? We just met.” Steve blinks. Not only that, he is basically talking to an Alpha. A national, if not, world renowned influential Alpha.
“Mr. Hogan!” The guard came running towards Happy. “Mr. Rogers is awake!”
"Tony, I am completely sure he rejected your offer. But knowing you with Steve, I doubt that you actually offered him. Did you force him?" He glared.
“That never ends well.”
Just like that Steve's world came crashing down.
“Promise me, you’re not going to hurt Steve.” Natasha’s voice became soft.
The Beta glared. "Wow, Tony. Last time I remembered you said we were friends. And as a friend, I need to make sure you do nothing stupid. You shouldn't be swayed by your emotions. I know it's hard for an Alpha-"
"Hey, Sam." Steve giggled as he greets.
Bucky sighed. “Just go home.”
"What? No way, Mr. Barnes is one of the most nicest man I know. And he is a successful businessman that our community looks up to him. He helped my family a lot of times..especially me." He looked down in guilt at his lap, remembering all the times the man helped Steve when he was alone.
"Argh of all people! Why does it have to be Barnes! Damn it!"
Bucky smelled the distress coming from the Omega, he looked up to face him and he could see Steve's eyes closed, tears streaming down with trembling lips. The scene was doing something to the Alpha's mind, triggering his inner desires of his Omega succumbing to him while his heart feels heart broken as well. He never wants his Omega to be upset.
“What are you talking about?” Wanda asked.
Bucky broke the silence. “Stevie, let’s go home.”
“So, how did he find you now?” Wanda asked carefully.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony looked at her calmly. “Look, just let me talk to Steve.”
"Oh! I think I see Natasha. Come on." They went in as the glass door automatically opens.
“Wait, seriously how do you know Steve?” Sam crossed his arms. He is pretty sure Steve has no Alpha friends since he kind of despise them. Knowing Steve, he prefers a small circle of friends that he trusts. And he met most of them. He was pretty sure these 4 were not in the circle.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Alpha starts to feel a little calm. "I really need to see him Happy. I can't control it, my body is screaming to go after him.."
“You do know that I can dodge bullets, right?”
"How so?"
“You were harassed by him too?!” Wanda looked at him mad.
"Well, I called your landlord, made a deal and your contract got cancelled so you can't live here anymore."
Bucky looked at her pissed. “This is seriously not the time Romanoff.” He gritted his teeth.
“I know, but you’re not safe if-“
"Again who is he?" Sam asked as he looked at her annoyed.
Steve laughs a little. “Not going to lie. It kind of did.”
Sam growled. "The hell are you doing here and where is Steve?"
“I want to go back to my friends.” The Omega said sternly.
"The hell is wrong with you?" She looked at him weirdly but Tony ignores her and continues staring at this fine, beautiful Steve Rogers.
"Glad you could make it Nat. We got some serious issue." Peggy said.
"Please! This is probably the fastest away to save Steve!"
Steve slowly nodded and took the mug. He brought it to his mouth to take a sip, taking in the delicious warmth. "Thank you. It's really good."
“This is I guess what you call my favourite things that I’ve collected and invented.”
Pietro sighed. "Guess there's no point hiding now."
“Ah! Aunt May, don’t scare me like that!” Peter grabbed on to his chest.
Steve climbs on his lap and nestled himself comfortably.
“You’re not just part of the art exhibition; you are the main attraction of the show.”
Steve looked at Happy wanting to say something.
“Not all are bad.” Wanda sighed.
"But I'm serious Steve. You need to-"
Happy shook his head and sighed. "Isn't that enough to tell you that he does not want to be followed?"
"What do you want Bucky?!"
"I-I know, but i saw this ad that they are in desperate need of someone in their management department. Plus, the money is great which i could use to pay off my student loans."
“I didn’t do anything.” Tony looked pissed.
“Steve..you’re so beautiful. You are an Angel, meant for me.” He caressed Steve’s cheek with his thumb.
Steve whined as his head was all over the place in ecstacy. He had to grab Bucky's hair to balance himself. "Slow down please.." He begged.
Both Alphas abruptly stood up the moment they hear the Omega’s name.
Steve nodded. Manhattan is a place where they actually wanted to go together. Exploring the big city with his closest friends. It was said to be a
Steve was silent for quite a while until he spoke again. “You don’t get it Sam. You don’t know what it’s like when you’re always told that you can’t do this and that. Alphas eyeing you like a piece of meat. I hate it.” A tear rolled down Steve’s cheek which Sam wiped it off gently with his thumb.
When Tony didn’t speak for a long minute, Steve’s brows furrowed. “Is everything alright? Do you need…?”
“Relaxing. Tony, we fought a tentacle monster yesterday.” They don’t take holidays because super villains don’t.
Clint makes jazz hands and says, “Capitalism,” and Tony whips a Cheerio at his head with impressive force.
“Puny Stark,” Steve says through a smile—a poor attempt at Hulk’s manner of speech.
“Steve,” Natasha says gently from somewhere far away. “These were embedded deep in SHIELD’s databanks.”
“Better than The Wizard of Oz?” Tony asks.
He thinks of little Tony, waking up on Christmas morning, in a beautiful mansion. He'd have been warm in his big bed, he'd have had breakfast fixed for him, waiting in the kitchen. He thinks of that beautiful, cavernous mansion, with Tony sitting alone at the breakfast table. He thinks it would’ve been quiet.
It was like talking to a brick wall.
He shoved his boxers down his thighs with one hand, letting his dick spring free, and Steve was already on him, so fucking eager. No more suckling; he swallowed Tony down whole, his nose buried in Tony’s skin, his tongue lavishing the underside of his cock, and his hands clenching against Tony’s inner thighs. That’d bruise, but rather than prying his hands off, Tony merely opened his legs wider, accommodating him.
Steve blanches. “That was savage,” he says, going for an expression he hopes looks haunted. Haunted by the lineups, the hours of stalled traffic, the elbows he got in the face, the fights he’d seen break out over toaster ovens. Barton’s a jackass and he’s never going anywhere with him again. But, still, the lines for the stores weren’t much compared to the lines Steve’d stood in for a free turkey dinner during particularly bad years. Steve is used to the hectic atmosphere, to the shoving and pushing. “But not too shocking. Everything's still kind of a mess this time of year.” Tony’s looking a little perplexed for some reason, so Steve waves a helpless hand and adds: “I’ve never really been fond of the holiday season. Or just winter in general.”
Steve took a few steps forward and Tony didn’t back away despite the flash of fear in his mind. Why the hell should he back away, or be scared?
Tony must admit he hadn’t expected Steve’s reaction to be immediate exasperation. He’d expected surprise and concern, not irritation and a leap to the worst conclusion. Apparently, even after Steve’s handwritten apology, Steve still thought Tony would be spiteful enough to hunt him down and turn him in.
the metal bend and dig into his flesh. That’d bruise.
Except now, he felt Steve shake his head, his soft hair brushing against Tony’s heated skin. Steve smacked at his lips, his eyebrows furrowed and his eyes blinking open.
So it seems Steve’s lack of holiday spirit is a problem to be solved. But Steve’s a little more concerned with Tony’s own disinterest in Christmas—“How in the hell does he think he’s going to show me how the holiday season’s done nowadays when he himself doesn’t care about it? He’s too busy, why’s he going out of his way to… Well, you know.” He taps his pencil against his page. “Am I a charity case? This is the weirdest sort of pity I’ve ever encountered, that’s for damn certain.”
He laughed. Maybe Steve missed it, being the little guy, being shoved around in dirty alleys.
Loki told him.
“The magic word?”
It takes them another year and a half to finally find Bucky. He’s living in a dingy but oddly cozy little apartment in Sokovia.
As expected, Tony gives him a look that can only be described as
Tony raised his hands, palms up. “What, you think I came here to kill you?”
Tony walks to the closet, pulls out a coat, and throws it over him.
to be a competition, so he and Bruce build a gingerbread
“I can ask the same of you.”
Steve whined, and Tony wasn’t sure it was because of his words or the fact he’d started rutting against the bed again, grinding his hips down, no doubt rubbing his cock raw against his sweats.
She’d died in winter, and Steve’d always been sure the cold would take him too.
“Hm?” Tony says, looking up from the menu. His suit fits perfectly and his hair is perfect—he really does clean up well. He was covered in grease and oil not an hour before. “Why?” he continues. “Is it because of the jeans? No one cares, Steve.”
Steve didn’t say anything, just nipped at Tony’s skin through his boxers. And then his face fell off to the side as he began slowly humping the mattress and mouthing at Tony’s hip.
Tony was born with a silver spoon in his mouth and he almost had it all but not
Steve squeezes his eyes shut, unable to keep looking at Bucky’s face contorted in pain. “Okay, yes. Please.
Sam and Wanda looked at him wide eyed, understanding what he meant. “O-Oh yeah..it’s private. I didn’t really notice it at first cause I was just worried bout you.” Sam said as he looked around the luxurious interior design of the hospital that he never noticed before.
“WHAT?!”
"Uhm, its's actually against protocol if-"
Sam and Peggy smiles.
Steve lazily glared which Bucky chuckled darkly.
"Back up, the heck do you mean trying to find him?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Wanda smiled at his sincerity. "If it'll make you feel better, we'll talk to Steve again and make sure he's okay with it."
"But I will chop your balls and feed it to you if you do something Steve does not like even the slightest bit." Peggy glared at Thor to which he inwardly gulped.
Peter slowly looked outside the window, looking if there’s anybody there.
"Yes, sir."
GUESS WHO'S BACK~~
"I got it from a friend who is very close to this artist. He's very talented, I can tell." She said confidently.
“In that situation, you should.”
Both Clint and Peggy blinked. "Like a pretend Alpha?" Clint asked.
Steve blinked in confusion which Tony found adorable.
"I don't trust them." Bucky said as if it was nothing while he was still munching on his chicken. Peggy looked at the way he eats in disgust.
“The nurse called his emergency contact. So probably his guardian or relative is coming over. So, do me or at least Steve a favour and behave.” With that, Happy walked to a vending machine to get some coffee.
Bare naked, Steve whines and quickly tries to close his leg but Bucky holds both of his knees to spread it open.
"Knowing him, he'll probably nag and elaborate about Omega rights which let's be honest, he is so cute when he does that." Peggy giggled.
"B-Bucky it hurts.." He whimpered.
"Tastes..so good..." Bucky said in between the kisses.
Sam and Wanda looked at Wade, horrified. "Fucking hell did you just kidnapped a child?!"
Natasha smirked. "A club called Midnight. 7 blocks down from his apartment and 5 from yours'."
“Yeah, what was that all about?” Happy just stared at Tony as if he was crazy.
"Stevie I told you that when you talk to me, you look at me in the eyes." Bucky tilted his chin up so that Steve is looking at him. "Now tell me what this special gift is?" He said eagerly.
"I have a friend, Natasha who works at Stark Industries. They're hosting an art exhibition for their new art gallery in Manhattan in a few weeks. They want to showcase as many local artists from New York. And me being me I bragged about your talent to her and she's very interested to see your work. She always trusts my judgement so she is eager to see you."
Walking through the lobby area, he felt even more nervous that his heart might come out of his chest. He goes in the elevator and huffed. Contemplating whether he should go or not. He shook his head and pressed the highest floor which is his CEO Tony Stark’s office. Steve does not know if he’s doing the right thing. He broke his trance when the elevator opened.
Pietro looked at her deadpanned. "You do know if the owner reports this, the cops are on the move right?"
"Sam I need to call you back later. This is not the time-"
Pietro thought
“Oh, yeah uhmm.. I’ll be down.”
"10 minutes. If you reached first just go up and make sure he's okay."
Now, that put Tony off guard, even Happy is focused on JARVIS. "What? Where did he go? It's late night."
“Honestly, due to confusion and Alpha wars, I don’t. I wanna hear it from your mouth.”
Pepper questioningly looked at them."Wait you didn't know that Steve is missing?"
Yes. Tony is going insane.
"Yes." Happy said sternly.
Bucky gave a nervous laugh as he leans down and leaves trails of wet kisses around Steve’s neck that was not covered by the collar.
“You in a healthy condition is enough for me.” Tony smiled as he took the bag and put it on his desk. His heart fluttered and purred in satisfaction at the Omega’s gratitude. “Plus, this gift from you is worth even more than the expenses.”
"Okay fine! I'll be honest I may or may not have been a little tipsy while you were explaining to me." Wade looked at Rumlow and Barnes guiltily.
"Wait, what do you mean you think Barnes is Bucky? Who the hell is he?"
"I'll let him off but only because of you doll face." Bucky smirks at Steve but the latter looks away.
"Uhm but Mr.Barnes-"
"Stevie...I was really worried." Bucky said as he watched Steve intensely.
Sam nodded and shook her head. "So I've heard. Nice to meet you."
"Then, pretend you didn't see me." She turned around to open the door when she heard the clicking sound of a gun, pressured to her head.
The Alphas sighed and nodded.
The sound echoed throughout the office.
Bucky pushed his tongue in his mouth and swirls around to deepen the kiss.
Steve looked at him in disbelief. “You don’t get to tell me what to do!” He struggled against the hold but failed yet again.
Steve gulped and Wanda sensed his discomfort. She walked over to him and soothes his arm. “Relax, Steve. We’re not mad. We just need to know this because you seem to fear them and we want to protect you.”
"Trust me, everyone here notice that." She rolled her eyes. "Well I'm off, Bruce and I have a date."
"Good." He said still staring at the paintings in awe.
“I’m just uncomfortable to see him.”
Natasha sighed in relief. At least would he still listen to her. She wished she could rewind back the incident.
"Sure we could go?"
Steve giggles. "That tickles Bucky."
"Yes, I can."
HEY IM BACK I KNOW ITS SHORT BUT I WILL UPDATE MORE LATERR
Peggy and Sam looked at him weirdly. "What?"
Steve collapsed before he finished, in the arms of Sam and Peggy who immediately caught him in time.
"Honestly, I don't know. And I don't want to know. Cause I swear it sounded bad when I heard about it." She looked at him worried. If Natasha is worried then it is bad.
Steve looked back at his living room to see Sam and Wanda sprawled out on each of the couch. He chuckled at their sleeping positions and head out of his apartment. He sighed as he remembered the events yesterday. He felt all sorts of emotions in a day that his feelings are confused. He sighed as he continues to walk to work.
“Hey, Steve! Long time no see! Picking my sis up.”
She vigorously shook her head. "No, Steve it's not like that!"
"The hell did you say to me!?" He glared.
“He hasn’t seen you in a long time, of course he doesn’t trust you easily. Especially, who knows what you did to him that made him like this.”
Natasha picked up and immediately answered. "They're beautiful right?"
“What’s gotten into you? You look pale.”
"Deal with trades a lot."
“I-I…don’t know what to say.”
"But the good news...what we do know is that they have to be in Manhattan. They didn't go far considering they did not leave many trails behind cause most of the surveillance here would have caught the sight of 'em. And Romanoff is smart enough to know that. The cab just drop them off not far from the club area. She must have a hiding spot somewhere here."
"What the hell did he do to Steve?!"
"Hey! And I did!" He pointed at Peter and Steve looking at them back and forth. "Okay, at least I thought I did. Apparently I got the wrong person." He muttered the last sentence quiet.
The Alphas did not even think for a second as they both went to their respective cars and followed the car.
“Well, why don’t you continue what you’re going to say over dinner tonight? My treat.” Tony gently took Steve’s hand and kissed it so tenderly.
“Yeah, you know him?” Sam asked Peter.
Steve blushed so hard which makes Tony smiles even wider. “U-uhm well. Mr. Stark. I need to talk to you.”
"Shit." She had a bad feeling and bolted towards the club.
Natasha sighed. "Truthfully, I don't know. No one knows what he is capable of. That's why we need to save Steve as fast as we can."
"Oh she had an urgent errand. Don't worry she passed the duty to me. Come on, i need to show you the office." Happy ushered him to quickly follow behind.
"Stevie I'll be honest, you don't need to. I enjoy tearing your clothes off like a present."
"Boss, we haven't got any leads to any of Romanoff's property she could own."
Bucky growled. "Steve I don't think I have anymore patience if you're going to keep teasing. Keep doing this and I swear I won't be gentle-"
"Wait, what? I'm babysitting now?" Wade looked at him in confusion.
Tony nodded. “Yeah, I’ve been wanting to talk to you too.”
Happy and Natasha glared at him.
"Where in the world do you think you're going?!"
"Sshh it's okay sweetheart. You'll be okay." Steve soothes Peter's hair as he whispered more sweet words to calm him down.
"Hmm well I guess I could let her off with a little warning." Bucky won't deny that he just wants to pull a trigger into Nat's head or at least let his men teach her a lesson. He doesn't deal with betrayal that well.
Steve gasped and quickly covered the mark with his hand.
well it's 2020 and i'm a with a new chap. hope u guys had a fun 2020 and don't be shy to share your favourite moments in the comment below. You know what I think it'll be fun if you guys share your favourite moments in each chapter of this fic hahhaha. And it would be great if you guys want to throw in some ideas too!
“Yes, I fully object to it.”
"Pepper actually told me about you. You met her right?"
“Steve is like a brother to me and I’m not letting Alphas like you go near him.”
They both heard a knock and went to the door. When they opened, they saw the familiar kid that they met at the hospital.
"I think I reached on time. Did you reach early?"
Steve bit his lips not wanting to cry. He was just scared and overwhelmed by the whole situation.
Natasha and Happy looked shocked and turned to Tony. “You never let anyone near that room.” Happy said.
"I'm not letting you go anymore. I've let go of your leash long enough don't you think?"
“Well yeah. But I definitely did not expect you to board a plane right that second.”
"Wait, what?!"
"I'm taking him with me Barnes." Tony said as he walked towards Bucky and Steve.
Do share with me! Do tell me if i need to improve myself!
“I’m so telling Pepper about this.”
HEY! BACK WITH ANOTHER UPDATE! So... what do you guys think? Have any ideas??
The Alphas were right on his heels until Happy stopped to look back at them. “I will be taking him to the hospital.” Before the angry alphas could say anything Happy spoke again. “It’s for the best. Having both of you near him now is not helping him. He’s just gonna suffocate more. Go to the hospital in separate cars.” With that, he quickly got into the car after the one of the agents safely put Steve in and drove off to the nearest hospital
“AH! Bucky!” Steve whines in pain.
"We're here." Rumlow said as he parked the car in front of what it seems like a huge mansion.
"B-Bucky..Hngh..." Steve gulped and whined. It's going to be a long night.
“W-Wait..” Steve tried to say something but Tony seems to be adamant about bringing him somewhere.
“I should be asking you the same.” Tony gritted his teeth.
“Forget about Nat. Find out who this Sam Wilson is.”
Happy just facepalmed at his boss' stupidity.
“Steve, I’m so sorry. I just don’t know what was wrong with me. It just slipped! I don’t know what came over me!” The Alpha desperately pleaded.
"Steve come on. Let's get you home." Peggy said as he soothes his back.
“JARVIS! Get back to work on the cyber security.” He growled.
Barnes sighed. "Can't undo it anyway...Rumlow just get rid of that Parker kid. Do what you have to do."
"Bucky I was already considered weird in high school since I was always sick. It would be nice to have more friends that actually likes me if you stop scaring them away."
Steve shook his head. He refused to hear people telling him that his mate is dead. He believes that Bucky is out there somewhere. "He's alive...I-I know he is. He'll come back-"
“Hinghh!! S-Stop please!” Steve bites his lips to suppress his moans coming out.
"What the fuck, why?!"
“Maybe Wanda’s idea of having an Alpha protecting you won’t be so bad.” Sam sighed.
"Oh uhm, thanks..I guess." Peter blushed.
"It's better if you don't know Wanda. The lesser you know, the safer you are! Just listen to me."
Bucky growled. "You're not going there alone. I'll come to-"
“When are you not?” Happy said.
"I don't think she told all but I think I know enough. At least the basic." Steve shrugged a little.
Sam sighed. “Don’t mind him Wanda. You know how stubborn he is.” Steve glared at Sam as he shrugged. “I’m not wrong am I?”
"I'm very sorry boss i don't know Russian." He nervously said.
"I'm gonna keep calling Natasha." Sam whispered. Wanda nodded and looks at how Sam eagerly calls Nat.
“Yeah, he kinda has a point Steve.” Wanda shrugged.
Natasha sighed and gave him a soft smile. "You're like a dear brother to me Steve. You don't deserve to live like this Steve. You have no idea how meeting you and becoming your friend changed my life. Most of the time I would be assigned to be an undercover spy to watch the people that have dealt with us. Imagine my surprise when I was assigned to watch over a cute, independent blue eyed Omega with a heart of gold."
Bucky sighed and nodded. "I'll get water for you okay?" He whispers and kisses Steve's forehead.
Tony immediately trapped him between his arms. “Really? I am pretty sure you enjoyed my touch.”
Tony scoffed and looked at the empty glass in his hand. He doesn’t know how to say those words out.
"I am not and will never be your-" Steve was silenced with Bucky's lips on his, massaging his way into his mouth.
“After you, sweetheart.” The Alpha gave his best smile and holds the elevator for him.
Pietro laughs and slowly quiet down. "Look, it's just business with Romanoff okay?."
Tony’s heart melted yet again. He does not know if he was in his right mind or not. He knows that he just met this beautiful Omega like 40 minutes ago but he already feels an amazing chemistry between the two. “Steve, I really am sorry that I blurted out like that. I swear I’m not some weird-“
Pietro groaned and does as she said.
Steve places shy kisses on Bucky's neck that he could feel the Alpha shivered under his touch. Bucky groped Steve's ass to massage it but Steve stopped his hands. Bucky gave Steve a look.
"Nat..."
"Steve is not with her anymore. I just talked to her." Sam said as he walked in the apartment.
“Steve..”
“Didn’t you hire me so that I could supervise whatever you’re doing? To make sure you’re not doing anything stupid.”
Happy cleared his throat. “All right, I think we can agree that Steve needs to go home and rest. Steve do you want me to take you home?”
“You guys are idiots and this one just can’t stop asking.” Brock shrugged.
Steve chuckled. “Oh God I almost forgot that you’re coming.”
“I’m his Alpha.” The Alpha with the slightly long hair and blue eyes said. Sam’s jaw dropped.
“Uhm, yeah?” Steve looked back confused.
Steve laughed. "We got all the time we need try out all the menus on the truck as long as I'm here."
"Hey, she may work for the bad guy but she's a good girl. She always talk about Steve with me even when I didn't know it was him. She would always say how sweet and strong he is and how he did not deserve the treatment the world gave him as an Omega."
"Y-Yeah, it's amazing. I want to set an appointment with him. Make sure you upgrade a stage solely for him."
"Let's talk."
"No biggie. I 'll be at the other end."
"The heck you wanna know that?" Sam asked.
Do leave some feedbacks if you have some!
"We did our research, this man is one of the top 3 mercenaries in the states."
“Like he said, yet. I’m going to claim him.” Bucky smirked.
“But if you really do need some company or a Netflix buddy, I’ll come straight to you! Here’s my number.” He took a pen and paper on the table wrote down the numbers.
"Ever." Sam continued.
"Yeah! In one of those hundreds rooms I suppose! Nat, we're gonna get killed after looking at room number 5! Now who's gonna save Steve if both of us are dead."
“Of course, Tony. Asking someone to marry right after you just met them a few minutes is a very normal slip of the tongue kind of thing.” Happy is torn between laughing out loud or smacking some sense in Tony’s head.
“Well, I want to talk to you. About the Art Exhibition and everything.”
Steve pulled it away quickly. “Mr.Stark, I came here to show my gratitude for yesterday, but I still have not forgotten the events before.” Steve’s cheeks were flushed of embarrassment.
Pietro stopped walking. "Exactly." He quickly threw a smoke bomb at the side and dashed for the exit.
Natasha smiles almost mischievously. “You really like him don’t you?”
Peter nodded. His aunt brushes his hair and walks out of the room.
His body suddenly shivered at the thought as if he was there. He was not surprised since she worked for him but it still makes him uncomfortable. And somehow he knew that the voice message has got to do with him. He didn't know why but his thumb just moved on its own and pressed it.
"My smart Omega."
“Mr. Stark, this is highly unprofessional.” Steve placed his hands on the Alpha’s chest and pushed him a little.
“I’m fine.” Steve looked away.
"The cloth is fine for now."
Steve nodded. “Thank you so much for sending me home. You didn’t have to.”
“It’s not even first of April Sam!”
“Tony, I beg of you please do not start a fight in a hospital.” Sam looked at the Beta who sighed next to the Alpha who said his name. How in the world does he know him?
"Yes, sir." It took 3 seconds before JARVIS is back with another respond. "Sir, I have found the location of Mr. Rogers. He went into a club called Midnight."
"I'm Sam." Peter smiled and nodded. "You're a good kid for doing this Peter."
"What? What do you mean?"
“Steve!” The moment Sam opened the door, he could sense a distressed Omega. Sam ran to his side and holds his hand. “Steve! It’s me, Sam.” He squeezes his hand tightly.
Tony blinked. “Well...and I thought that Happy has a blabber mouth.”
"Nat, seriously. How many rooms are there in this fucking mansion?!" Pietro hissed.
Natasha scoffed. "Our world is always fucked up." Pietro laughed a little.
"What do you mean? I brought the Omega you wanted me to keep an eye on." The man looked confused as he pointed at Peter who looked like he was about to cry.
“Well, it’s okay if you don’t feel like it right now. I’m not going to force you. You don’t have to see him today alright? I’ll tell him when you’re ready. I just hope that you would promise me to see him.” Happy smiled.
"Uhmm no she's not here now."
"Not yet. This Romanoff-"
I AM SO SORRY I HAVE NOT BEEN UPDATING FOR A LONG TIME. I am super busy with online classes, families and pretty much everything.
Sam sighed. "But real talk. How do you know his address? I don't think you were even that close with this dude."
Bucky leaned into Steve's ear and smirked. "Of course I'm going to come back. Stevie is enough to drive my motivation to come back home alive. Getting married and building a family with Steve is my dream. Hell no I'm letting death get in my way." Bucky bit his earlobe and placed a wet kisses below the ear. Steve whimpers as he blushes even harder.
HALOO SECOND UPDATEE IS HERE. COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE. would love to hear your feedback
"No! This man will go nowhere near Peter. You will let him go and live peacefully."
"Steve, Mrs. Barnes called again."
Wanda smiled and caressed his cheek. “Seriously, what happened Steve?”
With a deep breath Steve took a deep breath. "Y-you can't tell me what to do...Ah! No! Stop!" Steve struggled against Bucky's thigh which was rubbing against Steve's crotch.
Steve scoffed a little. “Can you blame me? You keep doing this!”
"I thought you didn't want to help." Sam growled.
"Where?" Natasha blinked curiously.
"That is only applied on others. Not me."
"What the hell Pietro?!" Wanda exclaimed.
Bucky rubbed his head in stress. “Romanoff I’m having zero patience this week. Don’t bring it to a negative.” He growled.
Steve's face was flushed with embarrassment. He doesn't know why he kept reacting towards Bucky like this.
Steve shook his head. “Oh, yeah I think I’ve never mentioned them. Come on in.”
"Well while I was getting my wallet he said that some random Alpha kinda harassed him, scenting him and all. It was near that famous Taco truck. I figure i should tell you since it can be dangerous having someone like that lurking around."
Bucky ignored him as he smiles, walking him inside the mansion.
"Oh God Stevie.."
“Well…” Natasha and Happy started.
The blonde gave a small chuckle. "Nat, if you keep doing that people are gonna think that you are flirting with me."
“Not in this condition! Let me go now!”
“W-Wow there’s a lot of them..” Steve looked around in awe.
"But what about you? You work for-"
“Steve Rogers?!” They said in unison and gasped, pointing at each other. “You know Steve?!”
"Well, more towards supervising the operation here. Gotta make sure my club doesn't have a lousy service."
"Doll face don't be like that." Bucky sighed
Steve looked at him wide eyed. “But there are so many more artists that deserve-”
“Oh God, Peter I’m so glad you’re okay. And you, I will deal with you later.” Pepper glared at Wade who in response rolled his eyes.
Happy sighed. "As far of now, no. The team is doing their best."
Bucky groaned and massaged his temple. "Fucking hell, Rumlow just get rid of Wilson since you and the others apparently could not even find a good mercenary."
“You texted me remember?”
“It is my business if it’s Steve.” Sam glared at all of them.
“Well, like any private hospitals. Only this is better with more advanced medical technologies I sponsored.” Tony shrugged.
Steve was totally pissed after hearing that. How can someone so young go through all that? But then again, he experienced that same thing when he was Peter's age and worse.
“He’s mine.” Tony growled.
"You can do whatever you want with me." Steve kissed Bucky's cheek.
Peggy smiled. "You know, I saw you started to sketch and paint again a few months ago. You considering to show it?"
"Yeahh..about that. Barnes might have him."
Steve blinked in confusion. How did they now each other?
“They…hurt..”
"Oh my God Steve! This is your big moment. This will be one of our best adventures!" Peggy interlinks her hand with Steve's.
“Yeah, for your boss!” Sam exclaimed.
"Sam! Is Steve alright?!" Wanda barged and rushed in along with Pietro behind her.
“Don’t worry blue eyes, consider this a treat.” Tony winked to which Bucky growled.
"Hey! Aren't we enough?" Sam gave Steve a look.
Sam and Wanda nodded and Pepper smiles then turning to Peter seriously. “Okay, Peter you need to tell me the whole situation. Where were you taken?” Pepper quickly moved to the computer, Sam and Wanda following suit.
Peter broke his trance and immediately nodded. He gently lead Steve out of the room, soothing his arm.
Bucky smirks. “I want to fill you up with our child Steve.”
"I told you. Just someone you do not want to mess with. That's all I can tell."
“What there to spill?” He lightly shrugged.
Happy scoffed and Nat gave Tony a look. "Tony, I thought I was in charge of this event?"
“To be honest I don’t even know how we ended up like this. We were so close. He is my…was, my best friend. We were like brothers until high school. It went down the drain since then. After he presented as an Alpha, he just changed. He just became very…overprotective and possessive. He had a hot temper. Very territorial that he would never let anyone near me.” He looked at them with tears welled up in his eyes.
"Peggy, what the hell?! Get that knife away woman! You're gonna kill someone with that!" The rest was quite surprised since they did not notice how Peggy has been holding a knife in her hand all this while.
"Hey, you okay?" Sam whispered while the others are still talking.
(See the end of the chapter for
Silence filled up the room shortly after until Tony spoke up.
She sighed as she walked down the street. She felt contradicted. She doesn't know the right choice. On one hand, she has to fulfill her duty as consequences is inevitable. And on the other, she is dying to tell the truth to Steve even if it might cost her head by Barnes. Plus, she even thought about quitting her profession and be a normal person. The times she had spent with Steve makes her feel the beauty of just having a simple life. Maybe if she got out of it, she can actually protect Steve especially from Barnes herself. She sighed again, she wonders what Steve is doing right now on a weekend night.
"Really? No one could find one single thing?!" Tony shouted like a mad men.
"Alright then. Be careful on your way Stevie."
Steve sighed. "Nat we've been over this."
“Ever since we were in diapers I guess. Childhood friends till high school.” Bucky smiled a little to himself as he looked at his lap.
After 45 minutes, Nat and Pietro reached a back door of the mansion with Pietro coughing behind her, hands on his knees to take a breath. "Nat you did not tell me how far it was to reach here."
"Congratulations bud." Sam pats his back.
“N-No…”
Natasha's heart shattered. "Steve...I-I uhm.."
"Yes, I'll go with you! Don't take it out on her." Steve nodded at Sharon to give an assured look.
Steve shivered at the touch as he nodded. Refusing him may not be good so he just lets him. "Bucky can I ask you a question?"
Bucky pulled away and unzipped his pants, letting out the big shaft that was suffering underneath.
Steve slowly shook his head. “B-Bucky, please you’re not thinking straight. Please calm down.” He cups Bucky’s face. “Bucky, please. Let’s sit down and talk.”
"Omega.." Tony whispered.
Pietro stopped and took a deep breath as he breathes slowly. "Nat, are we going to die tonight?"
“My God, stop it. Both of you should just go home and come back tomorrow. He’s gonna need a long night rest. It’s probably best if both of you leave so the tension here won’t flow into his room.” Happy said.
Steve glared. “Stay. Away.” He wanted to slam the door but Tony stopped it with his feet.
"Y-You... work here...." Tony spoke softly. His inner Alpha howled at the wonderful finding.
“What the hell?” Happy looked at Tony.
“Steve if you do this-“ Wanda covered Sam’s mouth as she sniffed Steve.
“That’s the more reason why I-I can’t let you do this.” Steve’s voice trembled, lip quivering and eyes watering. “I can’t let you get hurt…please..”
"Everything actually." They both laughed.
"Well i definitely heard of him on TV but only saw him like a few times. Not that familiar actually."
Natasha nodded. "We'll save Steve. Come on, I know a way." She quickly jogged into the trees with Pietro trailing behind her.
Happy laughs a little. "Tell me about it. You just want to score some points with Peggy aren't you, by helping out a dear friend of hers?" He gives her a look.
“Oh, right! So this Barnes guy live in this mansion but the thing is I’m not sure where it is. Both him and I were taken in a black tinted car.”
“What do you want?”
"F-Fuck! Steve baby.." Bucky moaned at the wonderful friction on his member, gripping the sheets in frustration.
One of the guards looked alarm. “I’ll go tell Mr. Hogan.” With that, he went of.
"My God can you guys stop flirting at the damn dinner table!" Sam rolled his eyes.
“Tony, these are amazing. I would have never really taken you as a history collector. N-No offense! I just-”
"Then find my Omega quickly!"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t act like you’re innocent Tony. You forced and scented him out of the blue.” Happy said as he made his way to both of them.
"Wait, you mean you-"
“Just leave Stark. He is mine and there’s nothing you can do about it.”
Bucky shrugged. "That's true."
"What kind of exports and trades?"
Sam went in front of Steve to protect him. “I don’t know you but I know damn well that Steve does not like you.”
“Yes, we are Steve. I will not let any Alpha’s dirty paw do you like that! I will fight till my last breath if I have-“ Sam was silenced with a hand softly caressing his cheek.
"Yeah Peter Parker! I worked with Steve at Stark Industries and we met at the hospital. So I hacked into the company's database, I know it's wrong but this is an emergency since Steve is missing and so I found his address-"
“Yeah.” Steve nodded a little.
"Our most intelligent female spy."
"Look, I just need to know. You're pretty secretive about your job and it seems look you're doing well considering you keep sending me money."
"Why would you help me then?" He asked softly.
Sam immediately hugs him followed by Peggy. "Steve come on. You know us..We'll be with you even when you don't need anyone." Steve laughs at that.
Steve felt something warm inside of him. It felt oddly good and there was this lingering smell of a rich dark chocolate that felt almost comfortable. Seconds later there was someone standing in front of him. The scent before became stronger and he realized it was coming from this man. He looked up at the man with dark features, who stared at him like a predator.
"Bucky please! Leave her alone."
Steve blushed a deep shade of red.
Do give your feedback or any ideas that you have! I would love to hear your thoughts!
"I work with Stark. The team is looking for your dear friends. But it will be very helpful if you have any idea where they could be."
“The room better have stable locks. Make sure it’s Romanoff-proof. Can’t have her breaking through the door.”
Steve placed his hand on his Alpha's cheek. "Don't you trust me?" The sad puppy dog eyes will never fail to ignite the protective instinct of his Alpha.
They both could hear some ruckus in the club and knew the Alphas are going to come out to go after Steve. Steve whimpered and was ready to run away.
“Is Steve okay?”
"So that nobody will know what we do."
"Not gonna lie it kinda happen so fast. But he's definitely, a brunette with dark brown eyes, I guess he kinda has a goatee. Oh and he was wearing an expensive suit! I guess he's like one of those big shots. He was also buff and...."
“So, I should let you do something stupid?” Happy raised his brow.
"B-Bucky..please..." Steve tries to get out of his grasp.
"Who dared to put a claim on you, Steve!" He shouted angrily and Steve started to sob.
"According to the surveillance camera, Mr. Rogers went out at 7.30 p.m. today and he still has not come back until now."
“O-Okay.”
“Tony, where the hell are you going?” Natasha quickened her pace to keep up with her boss, feeling slightly angry and embarrassed that her boss is acting like a child.
"You know what I mean Stevie." Bucky gives small licks at Steve's neck before he readjust Steve on his lap, looking deep into his eyes. "We both know that even with that mark, Alphas will still try to get to you. If you're pregnant with our child I know they'll back off." He said as he rubbed Steve's stomach.
"How did I do wrong? I gave him flowers, I asked him nicely..and I offered him the world, anything he wants!"
"Good Lord, then what about the other Alpha?"
"Dear God, why can't nobody do their work right?" Tony sighed as he hung up. 'Damn it, there's a long line at the truck..I'll just go inside..'
"Look, I think it will be gentleman of me to give him flowers as to offer my protection so that he feels calm and safe."
"Yes you do!" He said out loud, making Steve flinched a little.
"Yeah..thank you Peggy. For basically putting up with me, be with me."
Luckily, a cab was coming in their direction and Natasha hailed the cab. The cab stopped and Natasha quickly pulled Steve but he was hesitant as he looked at her. Natasha gently cups his cheeks. "Steve, I know that you don't trust me right now. But please, just listen okay? We need to get away from them first . We can't go to your apartment cause obviously they'll go there. I have a secret home."
“You know, ever since this happened, you seem to be commanding me like I’m some dog.” Tony turned to Happy fuming. Anyone can tell whenever Mr. Stark is furious. His eyes were full of anger. “I was being very patient…even lenient…to say the least. Letting you raise your voice at me. Command me around.“ He gritted his teeth.
Bucky clicked his tongue and fished out his phone from his pocket. He calls Natasha even if he knows it will go to voicemail. "You listen well Romanoff. You will bring Steve to me or I will immediately chop your head off when I do find you both. Bring him to me now and I'll spare you. Consider this a warning." He growled and hung up.
"Please, I've been planning and preparing this for you." He said softly, looking pleadingly at his Alpha.
Happy nodded. “I’ll tell him that. He’ll understand.”
“How do you know Steve Rogers?” Tony asked, arms crossed.
Wanda shrugged. "I just want to know. I mean, we haven't seen each other in a while. I just want to know what my twin is up to."
A young boy suddenly jumped in front of them which caused Happy to cursed a little. "Hey Happy! I just finished the task and sent it to your email. Oh you must be Steve Rogers! Hi I'm Peter Parker the intern here! You can just call me Peter!"
"Steve?!!"
“I’m pretty sure you know him well enough that he won’t back down right?”
“Steve, please!”
"You should hear the what first." She smirked devilishly.
"This is not Bucky. I..would never believe he does this kind of thing."
"Which is why i have a second job during the weekend."
“Ah! Thank you! At least someone is not stupid!” Tony clapped.
"WHAT?!" And all Hell broke.
Tony looked away as he pretends to be busy by looking at view through his window. “No, I was not.”
Happy narrowed his eyes. “Tony, what are you doing?”
“I-I’m surprised that you came to work today. Happy told me that you took a day off.” Tony walked around his table to stand in front of Steve.
Natasha was definitely not prepare for that question.
Peter widens his eyes as he remembered something. "Aunt May!"
"What are you..doing here?"
The Alpha might felt too overwhelmed of unfamiliar emotions. “I uhmm….making someone’s dream come true? I need a scotch.”
"Not exactly, in fact we barely talked. I mean we've worked together for an event back then but even then we didn't talk much."
"Steve.." Bucky gritted his teeth as he was running out of patience. "You're coming with me."
James watches the fireplace in silence, drinking a scotch.
"Fucking hell! Not again!" Tony growled, trying to find the exit.
As they were trying to open it, they heard footsteps behind them.
"Again. I agree with her." Happy nodded calmly.
"Don't think so. I said it first. Make sure you make the appointment for me and him."
“For the love of God, are you serious Tony? Leave that poor thing alone.” Happy said dumbfounded.
“You got everything Rumlow?”
"I'm not." Pietro said seriously.
“That’s very kind of you Mr. Stark, I mean Tony. You have no idea how grateful I am of you to appreciate my work and to even let me be part of this amazing event to showcase it. It really means a lot to me.”
“I-I mean I should’ve known what I got myself into. It’s my problem. I will handle it. Its’ stupid…but it is between me and him. I’m not letting anyone take the heat.”
Hold your horses Tony.
"Pietro hide behind that curtain now." She whispered.
“That’s not from what I heard! It sounded like you were going to outright kidnap him!”
"Seriously, you gotta tell me names. I'm gonna hunt these two assholes down." Peggy crossed her arms.
The door opened and greeting her was a tall, muscular blonde.
Peggy cooed at the ideas while Sam smiled. "Man, I'm just so happy for you."
Steve smiled at that. It was true. If Bucky was here, he would that. He wants to get out of the dark place in his head and try to find hope in life. He figured that this could help him to get on track with his life. To move on and reach his dream for Bucky. He would do this for Bucky.
“You can call me Steve.” Tony nodded.
Peter blushed. “I-It’s almost at the end of my senior year and since I scored well, they let me do an internship on certain times during school.”
Tony was in a daze ever since he reached his office. All he did was just stare at his desk, thinking about Steve, his Omega. Yesterday was just a mess. He never knew his nemesis knew the lovely Omega. His nose suddenly smelled a familiar vanilla scent. He looked at the door to where the faint smell came from. He felt like he was going crazy as he knew that scent so well. A knock made him a little surprise.
Bucky looked at him, stoic. “He’s my mate.” Tony scoffed at that and it was evident in Peter’s eyes that he was shocked.
Bucky leans in and leaves small kisses in Steve’s soft inner thighs, predatorily making its way to the entrance. Nose inhales the sweet scent of his beloved. He could see precum starting to ooze out.
"Steve, we love you. And we'll be right by you, okay? You don't have to apologize."
HII IM BACKK
"I'm not trying to force you but if you're uncomfortable, we can just forget this whole thing."
“Thank you Happy, really.” Steve said sincerely.
"Finally you're here with me...." He growled as he kissed the back of his neck. "No idea how long I've waited."
Steve laughed a little as he wiped his tears which made Peggy happy. It was a genuine smile and laugh after a long time. "It's not like I can send you both away anyway. You won't leave even if I forced you both."
“Why not?”
"W-What are you talking about?" Steve looked at him confused.
"No! You're going to leave him alone. Peter will handle it." He tried to calm the Alpha down.
"Of course, we have to take care of Stevie here." Peggy somehow got herself in the house with Sam behind her.
“I knew I’ve always been in love with Steve ever since we were young. He was just perfect. Something happened and he wasn’t fond of it.”
“Guys, I don’t have anything to wear. I came here thinking to see if I have a potential to be an artist and just enjoy the city. Not having dinner with the richest Alpha on Earth. He’s probably gonna think that I’m making him look like a fool with my cheap clothes. I don’t even know why he even asked me to dinner.” Steve sighed as he looked at his opened luggage full of plain shirts.
Steve shivered under the intense feeling. "Y-You love me?" He closed his eyes as his mind was in a daze at the strong scent of warm wood and cigar.
yeah bucky is kind of a dick, he couldn't hold it in
“Wait, you know Steve?” Sam walked towards them. “And have we met? How do you know me?” Sam looked at the man with goatee.
"W-Wait on one condition..." When Bucky was close, Steve puts his hands on Bucky's chest to atleast calm the Alpha down.
"If you're thinking about killing those Alphas, I would love to be on board." She smirked.
"That's it Stevie...Come on, doll." Bucky whispers hoarsely in Steve's ear as he grinds on Steve's clothed ass, caging him as he was on all fours. Steve's pants was already off, leaving only his shirt that was already rolled up to his chest, boxers and socks on.
"I told you, you."
“What? An Omega?” Steve avoided his gaze and glared at his blanket.
"I mean do you have a theme or venue you've been thinking of? Colours? Flowers? You must've thought about them!" Peggy asked eagerly. She is going to be his maid of honour.
Tony realized what he did and completely replaced it by producing a soothing one which actually helped a little now that the Omega seems less tensed.
"Not until you hear me out first."
The Alpha confidently stroll towards him with a smirk plastered on his face.
Peter just looked stunned.
Natasha wondered who his friends were. So far she knew about Clint and Peggy. “Oh, Clint and Peggy I assume?”
"Ah, Wanda!."
“I understand but trust me! He is not like that. Okay fine, he can be reckless and an idiot sometimes. But, he was never like this. In fact, no Omega has ever caught his eyes until…you came along.” Happy smiled a little at Steve. “Kind of like his first love I should say.”
"Okay Steve, I'm gonna stop you right there. I don't know why you would think that but you're not okay? Heck, even Natasha said that your work is one of a kind. And trust me, I know her. She has a good eye. Plus, he works close to the Stark guy himself. I'm sure that says something. Means that he trusts her enough to take in great artists. If she loves it, then the whole Stark Industries love it! Don't think about it too much. Just live in the moment. You got it cause you deserve it!"
The doorbell rang and Steve went to the door. “Pietro!” Steve beamed.
“O-Oh yes! I have so many to show you!” He gently puts his hand on Steve’s back to lead him the way.
Wanda looks at him confused. "Wait, what? Who's Barnes?"
"Sam, I can't sit around here and just do nothing!"
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha choked a little. "Stark? You know they kinda have this reputation right?"
"Doll face let's go to somewhere private."
"It's going to get worst."
“Well, maybe he felt like he couldn’t trust you guys after all.” Wanda crossed her arms.
"Bartender at this luxury club." He answered softly and innocently looked at her.
"Well, what do you expect? They had to search the whole Manhattan for him."
Steve bit his bottom lip in frustration and sighed. "Are you stalking me now?"
"Well, that's Steve for you. He can be a stubborn fiery fighter and an oblivious shy guy at the same time." Sam rolled his eyes as he smiled.
Steve blushed so hard, his face is beet red. "N-No.. yeahh." He looked at the ring on his ring finger and sighs in contentment.
Steve's breath stopped when he could feel the tip of the shaft at his entrance.
"Let him go Barnes." A female voice was heard.
Sam looked at them in shocked. “What?!”
Sam observed him thoroughly. He did look familiar with that fancy suit of him. He raised an eyebrow when it him. “Wait, you’re that famous billionaire Stark guy.” Everyone rolled their eyes at that.
Tony could not help but purred at that. He sounds like an Angel.
“You guys are describing me like I’m some asshole.” Tony is definitely offended.
"I would never even imagine of hurting him." Thor said calmly.
He realized what he has been saying and snaps his eyes at them, panicking.
"Dear, I know but-"
“I think you might need all the rest you can get.”
“You know let me escort the three of you to your car.” Happy motioned the three to move as he tried to block the two Alphas.
"Yeah including from my freedom."
Tony sighs after he drank the scotch. He landed on the couch and combs through his hair frustrated. “You’re going to think I’m stupid and crazy.”
He may be paranoid, but he felt eyes on him. And usually his instinct never fails. He looked around but no sign of anyone. So, he continued forward. Then he heard tyres screeching. He immediately turns around to see a car stopped. Two people got out of the car and walked towards Steve. Alphas. He knew just by the aura.
“Name me one who is.” Sam raised his brow at Wanda.
"How about you just man up and go talk to him yourself?"
"Nat, what do you mean?" Steve felt scared as he held Natasha's arm.
Bucky however, wondered who was in Steve’s emergency contact. As far as he knew from his spy, Natasha, she herself is probably the only one who was really close with Steve. Though he had heard of a girl called Peggy and a guy named Clint but they were not as close to Steve like Natasha and Steve. Could the nurse be calling Natasha? It that was the case it’ll be bad. Bucky can’t let Steve know that he was using Natasha to spy on Steve.
Steve whined in embarrassment. "Stop..."
"Let me go! Why are you doing this?!" Tears pooled in his eyes, ready to fall over.
Mrs. Barnes caressed the back of his hair to soothe him. "Sweetheart, I know you are hurting. I am too but-"
“Oh, put the meeting on hold. I need to see my Omega.”
“Oh, about that.” Happy started.
Happy rolled his eyes while still focusing on the road. "Look, even JARVIS is still searching for it. We're really doing our best. Pepper is going back at the tower to do more searching."
“H-Happy?!” His eyes widen at the gun each of the agents hold, pointing towards Bucky and the other 2 Alphas.
"Mhmm.. Alpha."
"And also a waiter. Trying to pay up my student loans."
"Barista?"
“None of your damn business.” Tony glared.
Steve nodded and thanked Pepper as he got out of the car. He sighed as he walked into his apartment until he was bombarded by two angry protective friends.
“I hope it is.”
"Hey, here's some hot chocolate." Natasha sets the mug down on the table in front of Steve as she sits next to him.
"So, are you going to tell me who this Barnes or Bucky is?"
"I just..want a piece of me in you. To let others know that you are mine."
Peter blinked in confusion and shivered, he was so scared thay he might actually die in a few days.
"Again, keep in mind this is coming from her. She doesn't compliment easily." Happy shrugged.
Natasha laughed. "Don't mind her. So, are you and Steve close?"
She swallowed the last bite and laughed a little. "Steve relax. This the sixth time you were worried about the chicken."
"Well, you tell JARVIS that. I think the red hair girl is smart, it seems like she knows every camera spot." Happy sighed.
"Please, I wanna get ready for you."
“Yeah, well it just doesn’t feel right to take a day off when I just started working. Plus, I feel very healthy.”
"I don't know but I bet Pepper and Happy will do something about it." Peter spoke softly.
Tony raised his brow at him. “You mean hate?”
Sam was still staring at him and Steve nodded. Though he was dying to retort back with
"Thank you." Steve puts her coffee in front of her.
"Cool. You haven't met Mr. Stark yet right? You want to meet him? I can bring you instead of Happy." He smiles, excitedly.
With that, Steve, Wanda and Sam went in the car and drove off.
