“Daaaaarling.” Jan swept into the workshop, a napkin covered basket thrown over her arm and her long silk scarf floating through the air behind her.  “Tony, light of my life, how are you?”  She braced a hand on Tony’s chest, going onto her toes to brush a kiss against each of his cheeks.  “Sorry to keep you waiting, I just had to have a chat with Bobbi about that last bottle she sent home with me.  Potent stuff, I must have more.”
“Ah!  Is it Thursday already?”
“They done yet?” Clint asked from the other side of the car.
“He needs an aspirin and plenty of ice,” Bruce said.  “But I’ll keep a close eye on him.”
Ahead of him, the other car skidded on the road, sliding sideways, tires churning up clouds of dust as it came to a shuddering stop.  Steve’s teeth locked in place, refusing to hope, refusing to think.  He rolled his shoulder, swinging the shield into place on his arm, his fingers locked on the grip.
Franklin nodded.  “Me, too.”  He shifted, flopping face down on one of the massive beanbags.  “But it's a little creepy.  So it was nice of you to let me choose the movie, but if you don't want to watch it, we don't have to watch it.”
“A large part of the population experiences erotic or sexual dreams,” Sam said.  “Other people don’t.  We’re all wired a bit differently, Steve, but either way, it’s nothing to be ashamed of.”
“Did he tell you where he went yesterday?” she asked, cutting him off with ruthless efficiency.  “After-”  her eyes flicked towards Peter and DJ, and then back to Tony.  “When Happy went back to the theater, he couldn’t find him, did you find out where he went?”
Rogers blinked at her, his cup hovering in front of his mouth. “Smooth,” Jesse said, under her breath. She was holding her cup with both hands. She didn't seem inclined to drink from it.
Rogers scowled at him.  “I have some questions for you, if you have a moment?”
“You would’ve been, sir,” Jarvis pointed out.
And you that shall cross from shore to shore years hence are more to me, and more in my meditations, than you might suppose.”
Steve laughed.  “I was the one who opened it,” he said, wiping his thumb across his bottom lip. “It’s good, though.”
“We'll try to keep the party to a dull roar,” Rhodey said with a yawn.  He braced his chin on his folded arms.  “For a while at least.  Out of respect.”
“Car,” he gritted out, his head swinging in their direction.  His eyes were sharp, his mouth pinched, and he was holding onto DJ like he was afraid someone was going to rip the kid out of his hands.  “Where-”
“They say money.  I…  Don’t think it is,” the kid said, the words slow.  Careful.  He met her eyes.  “It’s not.  But they say it is.”
“All right, let’s see, what do we have here?” Steve said.  He pushed himself away from the desk, pacing around the office.  “Looks like he settled his tab at the Starkbucks in the lobby.  Twenty-six dollars for that.  He bought a-”  He pulled up the transaction with a flick of his finger.  “A brush pack for one of his graphics programs.” Steve looked at Tony.  “He gave the artist that made the brushes five dollars.  There was a twenty dollar kickstarter pledge for an adventure game, and he renewed his subscription to ‘Puzzles and Puzzling Monthly.’  That was a whole thirty six dollars for a year.”
He squeezed his eyes shut.  “Pull it together, Rogers,” he muttered under his breath, the words coming like a chant, right in line with the pounding of his feet.  Maybe he just needed to come up with a rhyme scheme to focus on.  It'd worked for him in the army.  Or maybe it had just been that he was so busy trying not to die of an asthma attack to think about anything else.
“Excuse me?” Tony asked as Steve burst into laughter.  Tony tossed a pillow at him without even looking in his direction, and Steve ducked under it.  “Where the hell is this sass coming from?”
Tony poured himself a cup of coffee.  “I’m fine,” he said, but he raised his arm so Steve could see for himself.  “Hurts like hell, if I’m being honest, and I’m sure it’s turning six shades of purple today, but Bruce knows not to trust me with weak sutures.”
Miss Van Dyne followed the gesture to meet Steve's eyes and all trace of humor died a rapid death.  She stared at Steve, stone faced and disapproving.  Steve gave a quick nod, his jaw tight.  “Ma'am.”
“Fuck,” Tony said, with more feeling this time.  “Fuck, I missed-”
“Military down here and not up at the castle?” Tony gave him a smile.  “He’s City Guard.”
“Mom says I'm very mature for my age,” Val said, her chin up.  “She never says that about you.  Have you noticed that?”  Her eyelashes fluttered.  “I've noticed that.”
“Which is, unfortunately, what I bring,” Obie said.  He gave DJ a smile, fumbling at his pockets.  “Hello there, young man.  I brought some candy for you, let’s see, where did I-”
“Oh God,” Steve mumbled into his cup.
DJ stared at him, his face blank.  “I already saw.”
“You’re digging a hole here,” Tony said, his voice silken, and Hammer flinched.
"It is only a matter of time before one of you falls and breaks something," Tony told Peter.  "And-"
Darcy offered DJ her arm.  “Let’s go claim as many rose petals cash can buy,” she said, and DJ looped his arm through hers.  “We can practice throwing them at Harris.”
“How many?”
Carol rolled to her feet.  “On it.”  She shot straight up.  “Hold still, Barton, for God's sake.”
“Jarvis has given strict instructions that nobody’s allowed to go anywhere near the office.”
“There’s secret paths all over, and handholds, if you look for them.”  Clint subsided back into the shadows, disappearing in an instant.  “Head on in.  The boss is in a mood.”
Obie reached out, grinding his cigar out in the ashtray on Tony’s desk.  His fingers twisted the stub, and it disintegrated against the crystal.  He flicked the remains free of his fingertips.  He smiled.  “Haven’t I always?”
“I'll have that conversation,” Natasha said.  “Let's go, Hawkeye.  You, too, you arachnid deviant.  Let's get the remains of this mopped up.”
Every head swiveled in Clint’s direction.  He was sitting at the bar, his eyes wide, his hands braced on the battered wood.  His head dipped in a slow nod.  “Oh,” he repeated.
“You might say that,” Hogan said, ducking into Steve's apartment.  “If you could come with me, please?”
“I’d say that will teach you to pry, but I know it won’t,”Pym said, and Steve found he was smiling.
None of this made sense. “He…  Does?” Steve asked.
“Wait,” Clint said, but he was already moving.  Darcy, caught off guard, scrambled to catch up, and Clint grabbed her hand, making sure he didn’t lose her.  The remaining half of her churro tumbled to the ground, forgotten in an instant.  “We thought he was in Vegas, he’s-”
Natasha set the food on the island next to Steve.  “We found him,” she said.  “Was asleep under the stairs.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Steve said, and when May turned towards the door, Tony wiggled his fingers in Steve’s direction in a little good-bye wave.  DJ, peeking at him over May’s shoulder, giggled.  Steve arched an eyebrow, but before he could retaliate, May nudged him towards the door.  Steve threw his hands in the air, a clear gesture of surrender.  “I’m going!”
“Any other option,” Peter said.
It all happened so fast that the alarms didn’t even have time to start blaring until it was all over.  For a split second, there was silence.  Shocked, confused silence.  And then the alarms went off, every one of them, all at once, nearly loud enough to drown out the sound of what was probably a hundred guns being drawn all at once.
Bobbi smiled.  “You fit right in, Nomad.”
She pushed her tea cup aside.  “May I see?”
“Spent it,” DJ said, leaning his chin on the table.  He poked the detergent again.  “And need Christmas presents.”
Stark's other eyebrow arched.  “And to what do we owe the pleasure, Officer?”
He heard his voice, as if from a distance, as if it was someone else being an absolute idiot and all he could do was stand there and watch.  Because there was no way he’d be that dumb.  Not twice in one night.
“I never read it,” Nebula said, tossing paperclips at the hilt of the knife, still jammed into the wood of her desk.
“Good night,” Bruce said, stumbling past him, leaving the two of them alone.
She glanced at Steve.  “I'm coming to terms with the fact that I'm a lousy human being, Steve, and that's hard.  That's, that's a hard thing to understand.”
Natasha gave a whistle, and he opened his mouth.  She tossed a sugar cube into his mouth.  “He’s right,” she said, flicking grains of sugar from her fingertips.  “As a recruiting tactic, seduction isn’t always effective.”
“Oh, really?” Obie asked him.  “Because I have some suggestions for you-”
Steve paused.  “You don’t have to,” he said.
“He’s a mercenary, I’ve always known that, but now I’ve got proof,” Tony said.  “But my memories of last night are a bit…  Hazy.” Steve heard him take a deep breath.  “We’re retracing our steps.”
“Unlike the police, he never attacked peaceful groups, immigrants and the disenfranchised who’ve found that the American dream is fleeting.  In fact, a few police raids came up empty handed.  The men they were trying to arrest suddenly, and mysteriously, had none of the anarchist literature and fliers they’d been seen handing out.”
She smiled.  “Perhaps,” she allowed.  She sipped her tea.  “Want to know what I think?”
Reed winced.  “I mean, there’s really no way to-”
Steve grinned at him. “I think it could catch on,” he said.
Tony ran a hand through his hair.  "You're a lousy liar, Steve, and I'm not."  His lips curled up, slight and sweet, and Steve's chest ached.  "So if you want to do this, then let me do the lying."  He looked up.  "And pass the wine list."
There was nothing there.
“And that’s why I win,” Tony said.  He took another sip.  “Customer.”
She made a moue of displeasure.  "Rude," she said.  Her manicured fingers rattled against the front of the tablet.  "Don't you want to know why I want them?"
She smiled. “Understandable.”  She pushed herself to her feet, relying heavily on her cane to get to her feet.  “I do know of the best dessert buffet in Vegas.  Private room.  Chocolate fountain at the table.”
"So's jail," Steve shot back.  "Behave."
“That does seem easier,” Tony agreed, his lips twitching. “Fine.  I'll find some ice cream or something.”
“New York Now,” Tony finished with her.  He pointed the water bottle at her.  “Right.  Right.  You’ve got my number.”
“No. Thank you.” Tony pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes. “I’ll have something in just a moment.”  He flipped the blanket aside.  “No word from the kidnappers?”
“Yeah, well, I hate yours, and you’ve been teasing me along for a week,” Steve said, the words almost a growl.  He pulled back, just far enough to see Tony’s face.  “A bit of payback, Mr. Stark.”
“Hi,” Steve said.  He didn’t smile back, and he didn’t let go of Tony’s hand either, tangling their fingers together instead.  “I thought I should offer.”
Steve laughed.  “Isaiah ran the best kitchen in the city, and then he ran the best food truck in the city.”  He headed for the bathroom.  “The original War on Hunger.  He and Eli are going to take the truck out for the next few days, so I can take a break and watch you.”
“Mr. Stark,” the doctor started, and Bruce patted him on the back.
“I gotta say,” Sam said, as Jess leaned over to check on him.  “I knew you were going to be thwarted, you busy bee, but I did not see that one coming.”
"He does adhere to the dress code," Jarvis said.
"In," Tony breathed, and Peter scrambled up over the railing, all awkward long legs and skinny arms.  Tony got his legs under him, pushing himself upright.  "Are you all right?"
“Resonance,” Wanda said.  She held up her hands, red light arcing between her fingers. Furbro darted around her arm, one paw flexing as he tried to catch the threads.  “Almost a tone.  To a trained ear, you can tell the instrument that plays a note, the composer of a melody, perhaps even the identity of the musician.”
Still felt like he was out of step.  He wondered when, or if, that would change.
“He was born to fly,” Rogers said, with the sureness that Tony could almost envy.  “All Tony did was give him his first pair of wings.  He could’ve withheld them, of course he could’ve.  But eventually?”  He looked up, his head tracing DJ’s flightpath.
"Society can reach a consensus," Steve agreed. "But anyone locked out of that consensus, who didn't get to be in on the decision making process? They're not required to hold to it. After all, silence that is chosen by a person, for their own protection or privacy, is different than silence that is forced on a person, or a group, via social pressure."
“Right, right, flowers,” Jess said, looking at Greer.  “You should get Sam flowers!”
“Oh my God,” Jan said from inside.  “It's like he's living in an IKEA catalog.  It's-  It's monochrome horribleness, and you know he paid some decorator a hundred grand to make his bedroom look like an IKEA catalog.”  She popped back out.  “Steve.  Steve.  You have to see this.”  She grabbed his hand and dragged him forward.
A hundred years hence, or ever so many hundred years hence, others will see them,
Clint exhaled.  “That's all that matters, Deej.  You're still you.  That's all you have to be.”
Tony stared at the boys, all of them jostling for space and nearly bouncing off one another. “I'm going to have to take your word for that,” he said at last.
“Oh, so that’s not your lab down there?” Bobbi asked, stabbing a piece of the apple and eating it from the point of her knife.  She grinned, white teeth flashing against the polished steel.  “My mistake.”
Steve paused, just off the path, rolling his shoulders.  “You’re not stretching?”
Steve was still grinning at him as he took the cup out of Tony's hand.  "I'll buy you another one," he said, taking a sip.  He looked down at it, his face considering.  "A little watery."
DJ considered him, then the plates of food that surrounded him.  "Yes," he said, his voice firm.
“Seemed like a good idea at the time,” Tony said, his eyes darting over Steve’s face.  “A lot of things seemed like a good idea at the time.”  His body was solid and warm and perfect, pressed so close to Steve’s that Steve could feel him breathe, could feel the flex of his hips and the slight twitch of Tony’s leg against his.
Tony pushed himself upright, wandering over to look over Jarvis’ shoulder.  “I don’t think it should sound like that.”  He removed his cufflinks, tucking them into the pocket of his vest before rolling up his sleeves.  “Here.  Let me take a look.”
“He’s Tony’s kid, but not our Tony,” Darcy explained.  “A Tony Stark.”
“Thank you,” Steve said, pulling a few bills from his wallet.  A condom came with them, fluttering to the floor between them, and Steve pretended that didn't happen.  The waiter, clearly used to such things, took the tip with a smooth, professional smile, and headed for the door.
“Pizza,” Tony said, just to make him laugh.  “And an order of garlic knots.”  He stopped.  “Or two.”
"I guess I did."  Steve sucked in a breath, and it hurt, his chest hurt, his back hurt, his shoulders hurt, everything ached like he'd just done ten rounds with the Hulk.  He looked at Sam, feeling helpless.  "I think I did."
“Right,” Steve said, reaching for the coffee pot.  “Your last job.  Your last…  Job as what, exactly?”
“Dinner,” Phil agreed, and Clint was whistling as he wandered out of Phil’s office, his hands in his back pockets.  Phil realized he was still smiling as he went back to his forms.  “So.  Here to break my kneecaps?”
“We adding 'shut up, Iron Man' to that list?” Luke asked.  There was a thud, and Tony was pretty sure the building shifted on its foundation.  “I think we should add 'shut up and do your job, Iron Man,' to that list.”
Steve looked down at the page, some bit of yellow journalism from some no-name paper. But the drawing it featured was more accurate than he would’ve liked.
Steve paused.  And then kept going.  “Which Ghost are you, again?”
She pulled a bowl from the shelf beside the cookstove.  “And if there’s one thing that the old ones disliked, it was the things that we built, the way we pushed back the woods and leveled the hills, making roads and castles and towns and places they could not go.”
“You’ve been acting strange these last few weeks.” Tony said.  “No.  Longer than that.”
Sam nodded.  “I mean, and this is just a suggestion, but you could tell him you want to date him.”
“I think the fact that the other party chose ‘packing his bags and leaving within the day’ is indicative of just how badly those negotiations went,” Jarvis said.  “And now we have to deal with the fallout.”
She held the cup out to him, and DJ took it.  Seemingly satisfied, she picked up her saucer, and settled back into her chair, the dark silk of her dress rustling as she adjusted her position.  “Would you like a cookie, then?  They’re quite good.”  Her head tipped to the side.  “Coconut.”
Tony grinned at him, even as he brought his knees up to straddle Steve's hips. “As long as you want,” he whispered.
“His house tried to eat me,” DJ said, his voice dire, and Strange sighed.
“We’ll get you better shoes, and the cufflinks-” Tony started, and Harris gripped the back of a chair, leaning forward.
“You have a meeting,” she said.  “I’ll send him a message, see if he can reschedule.”
“Yes, but he kept his best material for me.”  Tony crossed his arms over his chest.  “Is there a point to this?”
Ellen scowled down at her phone. "She sent me a weird text." With a shrug, she jammed it into her pocket. "I'm ahead in the pool."
“Thank you,” Steve said, remarkably polite for a man who was about to get ravished.
“Only one person put you in the pool after you split with Pepper,” Natasha said.
“That’s true,” Jan said, her fingers steepled in front of her face, her eyes narrowed.  “I should get Hank a plant.  You know.  To make the lab a little cheerier.”
Pepper buried her face in her own bouquet, her face flushed as she inhaled. “Well, Jarvis helped,” she said.  “He said Steve asked if you were still in the building.  We took that as a sign that maybe you should be.”
Ellen snatched it from her and clambered back onto her stool.  “Didja see the ring?”
He took a step back.  “Can I?”  His voice was very small, and very frightened.  He blinked at Harris.  “Can I?”
Steve was so captivated by the easy way that Tony moved that he barely noticed the question.  After a moment, he tore his eyes away from Tony’s legs to find him waiting an answer, a faint, amused smile on his face.  Steve blinked at him.  “Sorry, what?”
“Journalistic win,” Jesse said. She toasted Rogers with her tea cup. “So does that mean we can ask you for an interview?”
Bruce’s eyes darted around the room.  “I…  I don’t think so?” he said at last.
“I’ve got two catagories I can put you in,” Fury continued as if he hadn’t said a word.  “One, Stark’s problem.”
She gave him an arch look, her chin in the air.  “Who is telling this story, you or me?  Because at this point in the story, you-” She pointed her spoon at him. “Were frozen in a giant block of ice.  Which is bad enough, but it was a magical block of ice, so....”  Her voice trailed away.
“No.” Ellen stared at him. “You can't tie a tie?” she asked.
Jarvis nodded.  “Of course, sir.  I'll depart as soon as you've had your dinner.  And your bath.  And your-”
DJ shook his head, his fingers still smoothing along the edges of the envelope, as if learning the weight and texture of it.  “Saving it,” he said.
Steve's chest ached.  “Sorry I dragged you into this,” he whispered.
Peter snagged the page out of the air.  “Don’t listen to him,” he said to DJ, who was watching the whole exchange, a grin on his face.  “Math is very interesting.  Not as interesting as science-”
“The Gatekeeper,” DJ agreed.  He turned away from the table with one last, lingering look at the lava lamps.  “Weird.”
“Because just a few days ago,” Jan said, pulling him back towards her.  “You would’ve gone along with my joke.  You would’ve made it bigger.  Worse.” She leaned her chin on Tony’s shoulder.   “Less than a week ago, Mr. Stark, you would’ve done everything possible to make that cop believe we were seconds from tearing each other’s clothes off down here.”
Clint said something utterly nonsensical in what Steve had come to recognize as his fake French, even as he distributed deviled eggs, the golden centers dusted with a dull red spice.  Natasha gave him a look as she handed Bruce a cup of wine.  "Mr. Stark doesn't need an egg," she said.
Phil steepled his fingers in front of his mouth.  “Really.”
“I call fridge!” Carol said.
“Do not try to distract me,” Pepper said, as Natasha held up the coffee pot.  “Yes, please.”
“Don't knock it til you've tried it,” Clint said.  He'd acquired a fake rose from somewhere, and had it tucked behind one ear.  “Keeps most of the team off the streets and out of jail.”
She took a step forward, her head tipping towards his, and kissed him.  And judging by Sam’s reaction, he was kissing her right back.
The man nodded.  "My daughter," he said, the pride clear in his voice.  “Miriam?”
“Ready?” Sam asked Steve.  He didn't wait for Steve to reply.  “Good!  Great!”  He clapped his hands together.  “Let's go!”
“If you ever meet the muscle, things have gone very, very wrong,” Natasha said from the front seat.  The motor rumbled as the car accelerated.  “Let’s hope we don’t get to that point.”
Steve's head snapped up, squinting against the stage lights. He could see the techs moving things, camera operators and sound techs making adjustments while they could. Behind them, a few execs, clustered around a tablet, checking numbers and talking in low tones.
“Your coffee is subpar,” Tony said, flicking his coffee cup at a nearby trashcan.
Once upon a time, there was a king who died.  Once upon a time, there was a kingdom, still held sway by its once and future king.  Once upon a time, the man that killed him did not know he had not succeeded.
“What was I supposed to do?” Peter said, hopping to keep pace with Tony.  “Let her go after him alone?”
“Well, you have to admit, darling, it’s a bit worrying,” Jan said, her nose buried in a report.  Tony glanced up just in time to see her flip the page, her fingers flitting across the paper.  “In that most of the things that Coulson knows about are…”  She paused, her lips pursing into a perfect bow.  “I don’t know quite the right word.”
Tony stared down at his phone.  “You gave PEPPER my plant,” he said, bracing a hand on his hip.  “PEPPER.”
Charlie repeated that, word for word, while Tony stared at the ceiling and prayed for something approaching patience.  Finally, Charlie said, “She’s…  She’s on her way up, sir.”
Panic didn’t help.  Steve knew that.  He sucked in a breath, trying to focus, trying to keep his head clear.  “When?” Steve asked.
“Do you know how many people we seated tonight?” she asked, leaning against the counter next to him.  “Do you have any idea how many reservations we pushed through that dining room, Stark?”
Shuri grinned at her brother.  “He’s got a point.”
The studio was small and comfortable, with a wall of mirrors along one wall and floor to ceiling windows overlooking the New York skyline across from it.  Music swirled through the space, the precise, measured march of notes.  Natasha was at the barre, one long leg balanced delicately along the polished wood, her body swept forward over it.  She didn't even look towards the door, she just continued with her stretching, her left arm sweeping through the air in a perfect arc.
Steve exhaled.  “I wasn’t-” he started, and Tony’s fingers paused, numbers cascading past his palms, the whole thing in freefall in an instant.  “It wasn’t deliberate.”
“Uh-huh.” She leaned her chin on her hand, amused.  “So, who’s getting hitched?”
“Steve is handling desserts,” Jan said.
She nodded.  “Okay.”
"Right.  Because tequila and cold medicine mixes so well," Steve said, shaking his head.  He looked down at Tony, trying to look stern.  It was a losing proposition.  "Tea or juice."
Tony bit back a smile, rolling the ball bearing back towards DJ and adding another one.  DJ's face lit up.  "Minimize the amount of chewing we need to do," Tony told Jarvis, as DJ returned the ball bearings back to him, one after another.  "A soup perhaps.  Or something else soft."  He had four tiny balls in play now, each one bouncing against his fingertips as he rolled them.  "Perhaps something suspended in aspic?"
“Yes.  But still, he could've climbed up onto a shelf, or under one.”  Rogers' fingers drummed against his the brim of his cap.  “He's going to find somewhere safe, somewhere warm, somewhere with noise, with-”  His voice trailed away, and he shook his head.  “Somewhere-”
“Well, I mean-” Steve shrugged.  “Goats.”
He looked back to find Peter waiting behind him, his expression worried.  “No,” he said.  “Not that I know of, at least?  But if they got past the guards at the gate, it must be okay?  And if it was something  bad, why…  Why would they ring the bell?”
Carol flexed, the impressive musculature of her arms stretching the fabric of her shirt.  “Guns,” she agreed, her teeth flashing in a bright grin.
“No one has apprentices any longer, love.  Interns are for the modern world.”
“There might’ve been a teddy bear or two on the invoices,” Tony said.  He rocked forward, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder.  “Tell me this is okay.”
“We are-  We are just not good at lying, why does anyone believe a word that we say?” Stark said, pressing a hand to his face.  “Okay.  Right.  Look.  I was just checking.”
Tony glared at him, his eyes narrowed into sharp slits.  "If I'm holding you up from a more pressing appointment, you can feel free to just-"
Steve's hand shot out, catching his wrist.  “It's a dumb, it's..”  He heaved a sigh, looking very tired all of a sudden.  “I just thought it would look nice, don't make such a big deal of it.”
"Does that make him the father of the bride, or the groom?"
“Waiting for you,” Steve said, his eyes closed, a slight, easy smile on his lips.
He opened the book, cradling its slight weight between his palms.  There was piece of paper tucked in the front, a letter folded in neat thirds.  The letterhead identified it as being from the Brooklyn Public Library, and the note on it was written in a neat, precise script.  'Based on the timeframe, reading level and description,' it read, 'I'm fairly certain this is the book you're looking for.  If not, let me know.'  There was no signature, just a smiley face sticker at the bottom right corner.
Stark gave it a curious look over the rim of his cup.  “You want me to get that?” he asked, gesturing at the phone.
Bruce pressed a hand to his face.  “Right.  If I do,” he said, the words muffled against his palm, “you’ll,  I’m sure you’ll be the first to know.”
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Greer said, pulling one leg up and bracing her foot on the edge of the kitchen chair.  She dropped her chin onto her knee with a sigh.  Jess held out the plate of tarts to her, and Greer glared at them.  “Is that supposed to help?”
“You’re doing better than I would,” Tony said.  He tossed a Goldfish in the air and caught it in his mouth, the exact way that DJ had, before he’d arrived.  Harris wondered if DJ recognized it, too.  “I’d be in a flat panic.”
“He’ll get you on the relief rolls,” Steve said.  He went back to his food.  “He owes me a favor, a big one.”  He shot Mickey a smile.  “And he’s rather desperate not to.  Told him in that note, he did this, we’re even.”
“Right,” Tony said, piling vegetables onto the ramen.  “Right.  How…”  He paused, his hands braced on the counter.   “How did that go?”
“Good enough,” Jarvis said, helping him around the desk towards the armchairs.
Tony took an involuntary step back before he forced himself to hold his ground.  His chin came up.  "You wouldn't dare," he said.
“Sure it is,” Carol said.  Jess was now standing on her shoulders, balanced like an acrobat.  Carol took a couple of steps forward, then backpedaled, keeping Jess's weight centered.  Sam and Peter broke apart, both of them scrambling in opposite directions as Carol stumbled forward.  “If it wasn't for us, you would've given up and gone to punch things.”
Tony lunged, all the rage and guilt and fear that was burning through him disappearing in a a single, clear-headed moment of movement.  His hand caught Stane’s face, slamming Stane’s head back into the solid wood of the desk.  He felt the impact through his hand, through his arm, shuddering all the way through his body, and his fingers relaxed, letting Stane drop.
“Because that’s what it cost to fulfill every single outstanding Christmas ‘Adopt-a-Family’ request that was on file with the Maria Stark Foundation,” Tony said.  He dropped his hand back to his side.  “He bought everything.  On every.  Single.  Request.”
Logan shrugged.  “We've been better,” he said.  “Lotta scared kids.  And a even more scared parents, trying to determine if the best thing to do is send their kids here, or take them out.”  He leaned back in his chair, his arms crossed over his broad chest.  “And when I say 'take 'em out,' I don't mean out of the school.  I mean, out of the country.”
"How old were you?" Steve asked, and Tony fell silent.  Steve's fingers jerked into fists against the plane of his thighs, and he forced them flat.  "When you had to handle that?"
Tony and Fury exchanged a look, but Harris kept going.  “Yes.  C’mon.  Grab your bag.”  He looked at Fury.  “My place is safe enough, no one knows he’s here.  There’s no reason-”
Understanding dawned, and with it, a sense of almost overwhelming relief.  “You old goat.  You’re pushing me under the bus.”
"I'm not optimistic," Tony said, still chuckling.
“No, it is fine.”  She paused.  “Would you explain to DJ?  He is...  He is upset.  He has a hard time, when his schedule changes without warning.  Do you have the Facetime?”
He grinned.  “Good answer.” He pulled up the email that Jarvis had forwarded to him, finding the concierge contact information.  “I’m sending you a file.  I need the items in it by eight am tomorrow morning.  If you can manage it, not only will your gratuity be immense, I’ll make sure anyone you have to call in to help you will be similarly compensated.”
Anything familiar.
“Dolmas?” Val asked.
Stark emerged from the pastry closet, a whole pie balanced on each hand.  He said something in French, and Steve wondered why the hell his voice seemed to get deeper and huskier when he did that.  Stark's eye caught Steve's, and he smiled, his lips curling around a word that sounded somehow obscene.
DJ rolled over, blinking up at Steve.  He then considered the floor for a long moment.  Steve waited, his lips twitching, for him to come to a conclusion.  Finally, DJ looked back up at him.  "No," he stated.
Happy popped out of the car, his face florid.  “WHO JUMPS OUT OF A MOVING CAR?  I COULDA RUN YOU OVER, YOU-”
He was just used to being the only one he hurt, when he got it totally, totally wrong.
Natasha’s eyebrows rose, but whatever she was thinking, she didn’t say it.  “Of course. Anything else?”
Tony reached up, batting his hand away with a mumbled sound of frustration. “Mmm. Yes,” he said, dragging the blanket over his shoulder.
“Unfortunately so,” Jarvis said, smiling as Steve and DJ approached them.  “Good evening.  Are you sure I can’t persuade you to stay for dinner?”
“Make it fast, then,” Clint said, and Tony shut the door on him.
Jan blinked at him over the rim of her tea cup.  “What do you mean, you can't dance?” she asked, setting it down on its matching saucer.  Next to her, Natasha didn't turn her attention away from her fruit salad, but Steve knew she was listening.
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis said.  He paused beside DJ's chair.  “Shall I cut your meat for you, young sir?”
“Ready at last to collect the child they abandoned.”
“‘Perhaps?’” Tony repeated.  “Why perhaps?  Toast.  Butter.  Jam.  No egg.  Absolutely no apple.”  DJ giggled, and Tony tried to muster a glare for him, but it was a failure.  “Oh, is this funny?”  DJ nodded, his eyes dancing, and Tony hid his grin behind his newspaper, rattling the pages in front of him.  “Fine.  Then you may eat my egg as well as yours.”
Steve nodded.  “I’ve had my fill,” he said.  Enough to last him a lifetime.  “Just…”  He gave her a lopsided smile.  “I need the tin back, when you’re done.”
The hand appeared as if from no where, directly in front of him, palm up, fingers curved in the slightest of invitation.  Tony blinked down at it, and then looked up, to find Rogers standing there, hand extended, an eyebrow arched.  “Then shall we?”
“Stephen?” Steve asked.  “What’s happening?”
"You're welcome," she said. She reached for the smoothie cup, and Tony got there first.  "Excuse me, I don't think that's yours."
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “Are you...  Certain?  He looks more like a...”  His voice trailed away, because as it turned out, he had no way to finish that sentence.
“It’s not your fault,” Steve said, and DJ tried to say something else, but the words wouldn’t come and Steve was already turning away, his hand still a lifeline on DJ’s arm.  DJ reached up, covering Steve’s hand with his.  For now, it was enough.
Hammer brought the glass to his lips, his hand shaking.  “I don’t know,” he said.
Celia didn't look up. “Doomed.”
“Still very bad,” Tony agreed.  “But he’s back now, safe and sound.”  His eyes slid in Steve’s direction, his face unreadable.  “But time to ring for-”
“How long til the next seating?”
With a quick nod, Steve left them to it.  He had a feeling they’d still be at it when he got back.
Steve gave him a suspicious look.  “What are you-”
“Oh, god, why,” Tony said.
“No,” Tony said, and Harris wasn’t sure if he was talking to him or Steve.  Or both of them.  Tony took a step forward.  “Marry me.  Tonight.  Today.”  He reached out, his fingers cradling the line of Steve’s jaw.  “Steve.  There’s nothing we’re doing here that we can’t do at home.  You want the big ceremony with every hero in the tri-state area in attendance?”
“As I was hoping to get through this without a kidnapping or Sue being forced to shank a head of state with a butter knife, I have made note of that,” Jan said.  She stopped him before he could pick up a water glass.  “Stop touching everything.”
Steve smiled at him.  "Really badly," he said, and that won him a smile.  "Mostly because I didn't really want to be anything but me, I didn't want to be something, or someone, else, I just..."  He nodded.  "I wanted her.  I wanted what she represented.  And I guess, I wanted to be what she wanted, what she needed.  And that was never going to happen."
Peter paused.  “You…  Really don’t remember?” he asked.
Steve's eyes narrowed.  “Deej?”
And then, they slammed shut, the sound echoing through the chapel.
She went silent.  Then, “What's to prove that he's a mutant?  Nothing.  Nothing.”
“Do you really think a soup stain on this couch will slow Bucky down at all?”
Still drying off his chest, he squinted down at the text.  “They’re back.  Stay there.” he read aloud, hoping that it would make more sense.  It didn’t.  Water dripped from his hair down onto the face of his phone, and he wiped it away with an impatient swipe of one thumb.
"Wooooooooork," he said, and Tony was very proud of him, right up until he started snoring.
It took him two tries, but he managed to force out a “No.”
On the other side of the glass that separated them from the row of bored, blank faced customs officers, a door opened and then shut with a firm, unmistakable click.  Tony glanced at the pile of half-filled forms that the officer had left behind.  "Yeah, we're not going anywhere," he said, resigned.
“Tell me I have to do this.”
“I'm not losing my pants for you,” Clint said.
Tony blinked at him.  “I-”
“Yes, the crew from Xavier's is getting their own tables,” Jan said.  “As far away from the SHIELD personnel as I could get and still be in the same room.”  She braced a hand on her hip.  “And the Asgardians are separated from the Atlanteans.”
As soon as he nudged it open, DJ’s head popped into the gap.  “Ready?” he asked.
Steve crouched down, facing the boy.  “Why?”
“I think it might be a bit different when it's not someone leaning out of a speeding taxi,” Victor said.
“Gimbels was a bit overwhelming,” Jarvis said.  “And we agreed that perhaps an early dinner was in order.”  He pulled his watch from his vest pocket, flicking it open with a brisk movement of his wrist.  “Perhaps at six pm, if Mrs. Parker and Chef can manage it.”
“Madam, I would never.  At least not while sober.”  Tony tossed the towel over his shoulder and started rolling up his sleeves..  “Officer Rogers, I believe you’ve lost control of this situation.”
“Agent Nanny strikes again,” Tony said.  He reached for the cocoa.  “Do we owe her a bonus for what I’m sure was hours of trying to sew t-shirt fabric in a straight line?”
And Steve found himself face to face with Bobbi Morse.  Just not the Bobbi Morse he’d ever met before.  Her brows seemed heavier, the sharp line of her jaw held at an aggressive angle.  Her hair was hidden under her hat and the cut of her suit camouflaged the lines of her body, making her slim and tall and angular.
Peter held up the money.  “I got paid,” he said.
His voice trailed away, uncertain of himself, but Harris picked up where he’d left off.  “Because you’d given them significant contributions to them being able to finish their games.”
“All right.”  She braced a hand on the edge of his window.  “What’re the chances you’ll come on and-”
Steve leaned against the wall, bracing his shoulders against the cold stone.  He glanced up at the sky, and it was clear here, clearer than he remembered the last time he'd set foot in the city, before the war, before the ice.  But it was still the same sky, still hiding in the cracks between the buildings.
“I was considering it,” Steve said.  “But I didn't want to let dessert go to waste.”
DJ’s eyes close.  “I want to go home,” he said, each word so precise and perfectly still that a shiver went up Harris’ back.  DJ’s hands flexed, fingers digging into the paper of the juicebox.  “I want.  To go.  Home.”
"I'd really prefer we not get that far," Steve said.  "Tony, we-"
“This is-”
"Natasha's bringing the equipment," Jan said.
“Too late, you said anywhere,” Steve said, and Tony would've said something short and obscene, but Steve was still holding his hand, his fingers tangled in Tony's.  He smiled, and he seemed to glow with it.
Of course, he’d been a lot smaller back then.
“Of course,” Jarvis said, his voice tart.  “Then you won’t require my help in finding where they are in the playroom.”
“Tony-” Steve started, but Tony had already slipped past Sam and out the door.  Cursing under his breath, Steve grabbed his cup and made to follow him, but Sam didn’t move out of his way.  “I’m fine.”
“What are you wearing?” Rhodey asked, and he was laughing, there was laughter in his voice, as if he wasn't seeing the same thing that Steve was, as if Stark wasn't standing there, all but naked.
Steve smiled back.  "How's that going?" he asked.
Steve paused.  "No one made you cocoa and put you to bed?" he asked.
Before his hand could make contact with the wood, both of the double doors flew open.  Stephen loomed out of the darkness, red cape swirling around him like it was caught by a wind that affected him and only him.  His eyes gleamed with pale, swirling light, his breath curling like smoke from parted lips.  “By the old ones, long have I waited for your arrival, long have I hungered-” He paused, his eyes narrowing as he stared down at DJ, his cape freeze-framing in mid-air.  “You’re not pizza.”
“I’m confused.”
“Hi,” Clint said, wandering in after her.  “Fare’s $22.45, not including tip.”
Tony's eyes rolled up towards the ceiling. “Steven Grant Rogers, pick up this phone,” he said, which was ridiculous, Steve couldn't hear him. Tony didn't feel like being rational, though. “Or call me when you get this. As SOON as you get this.”
“Fuck,” Clint bit out, his feet scrambling against the hood of the car as he slid to the ground.  “Fuck, fuck-”
Steve looked worse than he expected.
Pepper watched them go.  “Darling, perhaps-”
“I mean, I need cheesecake, and I thought you liked me, so…” Tony headed for the fridge.  “Have you been sitting there since I left?  Because that’s sad, Steve.  Speaking as someone who spent half the day trying not to punch my head of marketing, that’s sad.”
“Not with your hands shaking the way they are,” Mrs. Arbogast said.  “We’ve had enough broken plates for one night, thank you.”  She flapped her apron in Tony’s direction.  “Go.  Sit down.  Pepper, there’s some tea in the pot, pour me a cup and fill one for Tony while you’re at it.”
“Never a good idea.”  He took the book out of Rhodey’s hands, ignoring his objections.  “See if he swims.”
“Not a lick,” Clint agreed.
She grinned.  “I could see the exact moment he just-” Her head tipped to the side.  “Gave up and adopted him.”
"You know it is."  Steve held out a hand.  "Give me the jacket."
“I'll throw you BOTH off,” Steve said, dropping his head into his hands.
Peter gave Tony a sideways glance.  “What…  What are we defining as a ‘major disaster’?” he asked at last.
A hand clapped down on her shoulder.  “Check your email, Duck.”  Jesse leaned over, peering into the camera, her head next to Ellen's.  “And run the story.”
"Stubborn? Intractable? Pigheaded?" Tony asked.
She stepped aside, waving a hand at the door.  “Well.  It’s not much, but it’ll do.”
"Did I say trouble?" Stark drawled, tugging the jacket into place and smoothing the fabric down with a flick of his hands.  "I meant an absolute nightmare of a dinner guest."
“Happy, we're not going to have sex in the car,” he parroted.
“More ‘n I’d like,” Happy admitted.  His fingers flexed on the steering wheel, his knuckles going white for a second.  But his face never changed, his easy smile floating over his features like a mask.
Her eyebrows arched.  “Actually, I believe that.  I just don’t know if you do.”
He leaned over.  “Steve.  I'm right here, I'm not going anywhere.”  He managed a smile, his hand cupping over Steve's where it gripped his wrist.  “What do you need?”
But Rogers just rolled his eyes and straightened up.  "A lot of things are overrated, and I guess that does depend on who's doing the rating, doesn't it?"  He smiled at DJ, who was playing idly with the clock innards  "Want to go outside?"
Steve focused his attention on his soup.  “May I ask you a question?” he asked.
The HUD beeped.  DJ blinked as the network information scrolled in front of him, shoving the Roomba away again as it snuggled up against him.  “Wait.  Wait, are you-”
Steve trailed after her.  In for a penny, in for a pound.
His shoulders rose and fell in a shrug.  "Lotta things I should be doing," he said, an edge to the words.
“Can I have a tiara?” DJ asked, considering two different bagged wigs.
He had a feeling he'd earned it this time.
“He doesn't see the genius of some of my better ideas, it's true,” Tony said.  He rubbed DJ's hair one more time, his hand lingering there.  “So maybe it's better if we don't tell him.”
Rhodey leaned out, a cup of coffee held in front of his face.  He arched an eyebrow.  “If I hadn’t picked up,” he said, hanging up the call with a flick of his thumb, “would you have jumped me on my way out of the building?”
“You did, in fact, seem intent on emptying the house,” Jarvis said, unconcerned.  “I pointed out that tossing us all into the streets in the dead of night was beneath you.”
“One bolt,” she said.  “We’ll be in and out before anyone even knows we’re there, and-”
Stark took a deep breath.  “And I did it first,” he said.  He met Rogers’ eyes, his gaze steady.  “I did it first, with less of a chance of success, with more at stake, and while I’d like to argue that depending on Richards is a small step up from Strange-”
“Darcy?” DJ asked.
“I’m certain I don’t know, sir,” Jarvis said, and Tony braced himself for the familiar sound of his curtains being drawn back, and the painful flood of light that was sure to follow.  “I’ve brought your-”
Steve nodded.  “With just you-”
For a long, still moment, DJ studied him, his dark eyes bright.  He looked down at Furbro.  "It lives," he said at last, and Steve smiled.
“It means we go through everything, step by step, line by line.  We check every little piece, every wire, every place where things could slip.  No matter how deep, how hidden.”  He glanced at DJ.  DJ stared back, his breathing still coming in slow, ragged bursts.  Tony reached out, tapping him on the nose.  “So we stop.  Stop everything.”
“All of them?” Tony asked, hating that need for reassurance, but giving into it anyway.
“And that’s why it’s the best place, for something important,” DJ said.  “Because it looks like this.  No one else would believe it, either.”
"She still claims those aren't hers," Steve said, around a mouthful of pizza.
“I’ve got him,” he said, still descending the stairs..
There was silence, and DJ looked up.  Harris was looking down at Darcy, his face hidden from view.  As if he felt DJ’s gaze on him, he looked up.  He gave DJ a reassuring smile.  “You found him.  Was…”  His voice trailed away, as if he didn’t know the question to ask, or maybe he didn’t know how to ask it.
"Ain't our fault you can't outrun ol' Hammer hands," one of the boys shot back, but they scattered in front of him, feet clattering along the worn wood of the hall.
She paused, her mouth drawing up. “I forget, quite often, that the rest of your kind do not have that connection to the astral plane.  That my appearances and departures are unexpected, and likely, quite startling.  Even if my presence is desired, when I-” She paused, the hologram still spinning over her fingertip.  “Pop in?  Is that an accurate description?”
“I know you’re humoring me, and I’m going to accept it because I am a magnanimous Lord of the Manor,” Tony told him.
"Please tell me that you didn't let her into the inner circle," Tony said to Pepper, who just smiled.  Her dress was a swirl of green fabric, cut close around torso and hips and falling in waves around her feet.
“Ah.” Tony considered that.  “Was I drunk?”  She gave him a look.  “I'll take that as a yes.”
“Party food and freezer burned frozen waffles?” Steve asked.
“Yeah, but-”
“I bought it and it already had tequila in it, so, no, I didn’t.”
“So I’ve been told,” Happy said, and Steve’s head swung from Happy to Billy and back.
Sam’s mouth opened.  Nothing came out.
“You.” Tony pointed at DJ.  “Aren't you supposed to be fixing something?”
“Good evening, Miss Van Dyne,” Jarvis said with a smile.  “So good to see you, you get more lovely by the day.”
"Well," Clint said, drawing the word out into an entire unspoken sentance, "I happened to be around when Mr. Stark needed a cook."
T’Challa paused.  “To my dismay, Nakia, our lives appear to be one long string of less than ideal circumstances.”
“We've checked the other bedrooms,” Pepper said.  “We keep most of them locked, but we've checked them all.  We thought he might've gone down to the library, or the billiard room-”
Steve paused by the wall, checking a gate with a quick tug.  The lock held.  “I’m guessing an arrest.”
“Tony,” Steve said.
“Yes.”  The word was soft.  Helpless.
“I hate you,” Ellen said to Steve under her breath. They fell into step after the news director.
“See?” Tony asked, and Steve got the feeling that Tony wasn’t washing his hair so much as playing with it now.  “Was that so hard?”
"And that is a lot of pink," Natasha said. Both of them were on SHIELD motorcycles, somewhere down on the ground, and he didn't like it, he didn't like not knowing where everyone was.
Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it  “That's sarcasm.  You're being sarcastic at me.”
“If I say no, can I keep riding?” he asked, and she shook her head.  Steve looked at T’Challa.
"It's entirely possible, sir," Jarvis said.  "It does match your usual pattern of-"
“At least he showed up on time,” he said, reaching for his knife.  He flicked it back and forth in his hand, letting the light play across the blade.  “And with clean hands.”
Tony tried to pull away, but Steve followed him, his face tight.  “You came looking for me. You asked me for help.  You need to actually let me help.”
“You TATTOOED ME,” Tony said, and Nebula looked up, her dark eyes glacial beneath the hard line of her brows.  Tony glared at her.  “While I was blackout drunk, Neb.  What the hell?”
The fountain was running, as well as it ever had, water spilling from the mouths of the ornate carvings of the fish into the shell-shaped basin below.  The water burbled, soft and gentle, swirling against the marble, catching the rays of the early morning sunshine.   In front of the fountain, sheltered from the light and the noise of the great hall, there was a large, plush red velvet loveseat, piled high with pillows, that still smelled, ever so faintly of his mother's magnolia perfume.
“If you were driving, we’d be in the East River by now,” Natasha said.
“DJ!” he yelled, taking off running down the front path.  “DJ, where have you-”  He stumbled to his knees, reaching out, catching the boy by the shoulders, and the kid turned, eyes wide, hands up to fend him off.
DJ ran past again, showing no signs of slowing down, and Steve made a grab for him.  DJ ducked under his hand, still laughing, and Tony took off in the other direction.  “Quit playing around, Rogers,” he said, running full tilt along the hall.  He circled the length of the hall, keeping half of his attention on Steve as he moved, his feet flying over the carpet.
Behind Jarvis's back, Stark turned around, his expression amused.  "He would," he said.  "Be happy.  To do all that additional work.  Moving furniture.  Scrubbing floors and walls and ceilings.  Airing out all the linens.  Hanging new-"
“Got it,” DJ said, and got a thumb's up for his trouble.  His dad slipped out, and he let out a breath he hadn't even known he had been holding.
Tony studied him, his face unreadable.  “Would you believe me?” he asked.  “If I swore that to you, would you actually believe me, Steve?”
Steve took a cautious sip of his coffee, savoring the burn for a long, easy moment, before he bothered to reply.  “Why do so many of our conversations start like this now, Bucky?”
“I choose to think that it was the local variation on the Oval Office,” Tony said.  “You make a good King slash president.”  He stopped short, his eyes going wide.  “We should-”
“No,” everyone else said, a Greek chorus of disapproval, and Jan threw her hands in the air.
“Truth is subjective,” Natasha said, her arms crossed over her chest.  Carol glanced at her, and she gave a slight, one shouldered shrug.
Nomad tossed his head, and Shuri’s mare did a dancing side-step, pulling away from him.  “He can walk,” Steve said, patting Nomad’s neck.  The horse’s ears flicked back towards him, and Steve smiled.  “Yes, I’m talking about you, you foul tempered nag.”
“Everyone knows that I'm the king of New York.”  Stark straightened his shoulders, his chin coming up, looking down the length of his nose at Steve.  "Do you doubt it?" he asked, and there was laughter in his voice, just as bright and real as Steve's, and just as unexpected.
“Yeah, ordinarily, I'd say that you're doing the right thing, that you're respecting another person's choices and boundaries,” Sam said. “But-”
Hell, he hoped it was glitter.  Period.
On the other side of the kitchen island, Tony looked up from the pile of white paper takeout boxes.  “Yes, but usually they’re lazy,” he said, making Steve laugh. He upended another paper bag, prying open each box before pushing it aside.  “I swear, if I have to place a second order just to get-”
"I like it," Tony said, taking the cup out of his hand.  “It's got merit.”
Tony leaned in, his hand braced on the seat next to Steve's head, his body arched over Steve's. Steve was staring up at him, his pupils blown wide, his lips parted. His face was flushed, his breathing hard. Tony smiled at him. “So if the only thing keeping you from taking my pants off is the fact that Happy's going to judge you?” He leaned in, his lips just brushing against Steve's. “Might as well take my pants off.”
“A couple miles from here, near the docks,” Hammer said.  He gave them an intersection, his voice shaking.  “Near there.  I looked, I swear I did, but he’s…”
“I’m being recalled,” Steve said.  He heard sound of paper crumbling and looked down to find the page crushed between his fingers.  He smiled, a bitter little twist of his lips.  “Effective immediately.”
Steve looked at the bill, then at her, and then back at the five.  “My what?”
“Right.”  Happy put the basket down with a sigh, bracing his hands on the small of his back.  “Harvest help can’t come soon enough, I haven’t enough hands to keep up with it.”
Behind Strange, a large man in a blue sweatshirt shifted, turning around to face Tony, and Tony’s breath froze in his lungs.
"I'd suggest that we calm down before we do something, uh, something that we might regret," Bruce said.  He smiled at DJ.  "You okay?"
Steve managed a nod, heading for the door at a quick clip.  The wind hit him as soon as he stepped outside, cutting through the fabric of his sweatshirt and shirt as if they weren’t there.  Behind him, Sam muttered a curse under his breath, and Steve smiled.  “You can still go back to bed.”
“Thank you,” Sue said, considering him.  “Tony.”
It was suddenly very hard to breathe.  “That’s…  Probably against at least a few sanitary guidelines,” he managed, and he sounded like a thirteen year-old boy who’s voice wasn’t quite sure what octave it was going to settle into.
“I usually go to the library a couple of times a week,” Steve said, checking the oven.  “And I don't need much sleep anymore.  It's nice to have some options for passing the time.”
Obie sighed, a stream of smoke curling from his pursed lips.  “I get the feeling,” he said, tapping the cigar against the rim of a nearby ashtray, the movement sharp and hard, “that I don’t have your full attention right now.”
“Damn straight,” Tony said.  “So, you're not planning on helping me at all, are you?  You're just here to mooch on my pastry.”
“Welcome,” DJ said, staring up at the ceiling.
"Shoes are horrible," DJ told him, and Pepper lost it, laughing so hard that she had to brace a hand on Tony's back to keep herself upright.
Steve's head rolled to the side, just a little, just far enough to find Sam sitting next to his bed, a tablet braced on one knee.  Sam smiled at him.  “How're you feeling?”
“It broke them,” he said his voice flat.  “They were the ones who searched forever for a way back, and never found it.  They wandered, their minds trapped by something they'd seen that no one around them could understand.   The ones that went mad, who drank themselves to death, who became bitter and hard with what they knew they'd never have again.”
“You don’t have to,” Steve said.  He glanced down at himself.  He’d shed his jacket hours ago, and his shirt was looking a bit worse for the wear, his sleeves rolled up above the elbows.  “Sorry.  I’m not really dressed for this.”
“She’s upset with me,” Tony said to Rhodey.
“That's more of a cultural history, actually.”
The front of the greenhouse was divided in neat rows by massive metal tables and low, broad beds of plantings.  Pots of flowers and rows of seedlings marched along the length of the aisles, each marked with wooden stakes topped with gleaming silver tags.  Huge clay containers hung from the crossbars over his head, leaves swaying in the heavy, damp air.  He'd expected to hear someone talking, but there was nothing but the soft sounds of the leaves moving.
“It is, so I'm going to ignore that sarcasm.  He gets to skip dinner and have a picnic outside instead.”
“He doesn’t like anything crossing the wards,” Happy said, an apple in one hand and a tea cup in the other.  He took a large bite from his apple and continued to talk, his mouth full.  “He thinks it weakens the blessin’s, you know that.”  He wiped his mouth on the back of one wrist.  “Lotta people stomping around makes him anxious.”
One of her eyebrows arched.  “You did kitchen work?”
He wrenched the driver’s door open, and slipped behind the wheel.  Stark flicked at the nametag with one finger, then, with a sigh, rolled his shoulders.  The armor began to collapse, rolling back from his body with a flicker of plates folding out of the way.  “DJ,” he called.  “Give Steve your backpack.”
“We're going to come down here some morning and just-” Stark waved a hand through the air.  “Find you passed out on the floor, surrounded by empty pie plates and covered with the remains of your crimes.”
Obie smiled back. “We’ll get it back where it should be.  Trust me on that.”
Steve smiled at him. "Bullies. Bigots."
Bucky raised a hand.  “That’d be me,” he repeated, and Nicholas laughed.
Steven grinned.  “Don't worry, you've slipped your tech into every single corner of my life,” he said, and Tony felt an irrational rush of pride at that.  “I'm not opposed to it, it is nice to carry a whole library in my pocket.”  He carried the pot to the sink and drained the pasta, the steam curling up around his arms.  “But I like books.  There's something comforting about them, you know?  They're just the same as they used to be.  And now I've got the money and the space for them.”
DJ looked up at ‘chocolate,’ showing interest in the conversation for the first time since it had started.  Pepper smiled at him.  “In fact, I’m sure I’ve still got a few, secreted away.  What do you say, boys?  Would you like to join Miss Van Dyne and myself for a cup of tea and a bit of chocolate?”
"Magic?" she asked Tony from between her fingers.
“Sometimes.”  Laughing, Steve caught his hand, pinning it against his stomach.  “It's one of your more charming traits.” He tangled his fingers with Tony's as Tony's head came up.
"You should just give in," Stark said.  He hopped back up onto the billiard table, the muscles of his shoulders flexing as he heaved himself up onto the top.  "He missed his calling.  A man this good at dishing out sustained guilt would've been perfectly suited to being a Catholic priest."
DJ shook his head.  “Not wrong,” he said. “Nothing.  Nothing’s wrong.”
Tony’s head tipped to the side, looking through the darkness at the river just beyond the pumphouse.  He couldn’t see it particularly well, but he could hear it, the water rolling over the rocks and splashing against the bank.  It was low at this time of year, and the sound was soft and familiar.
“Right.  So.  Do I get a torch?” she asked, her face lighting up.
“Thank you,” Steve told him, feeling his face heat.  “I like yours, too.”
“You're never going to be forgotten.  You're never going to get left behind.  Someone is always going to be coming for you.  I promise you.  Someone is always going to come for you.”
“Not because we're both boys,” Franklin said.  “C'mon, it's not that-”
Despite the crush, Steve located Seamus without much difficulty. The red-headed boy was staring up at a small inset mural, his freckled nose wrinkled. “You shouldn't wander off,” Steve said, catching his attention.
The knocking stopped, and Steve scraped his hands down his face.  “Goddammit,” he mumbled into his palms.  “I haven't had enough sleep for this.”  He grabbed his pants from the end of the bed, shaking them out.  “Not that there is enough sleep for this.”
“Eventually, perhaps, but not just yet,” Jarvis told him.  To DJ, he asked, “May I open that for you?”
Tony gave his head a toss, but the shock of the cold water was already clearing his head.  “That,” he agreed.  He looked up at Jarvis.  “How did you know he was…”  His voice trailed away.
But next to him, he felt Steve's shoulders go tight, felt the tension sweep through him.  Without glancing in his direction, Tony reached out, his fingers just brushing against Steve's.  It wasn't even holding hands.  It was barely touching.  But their fingertips tangled together, light and delicate, easily pulled apart.
"No," Steve said at the same time Tony said, "Yes."
“Fuck 'em,” Tony said cheerfully, and across the table, Steve choked on a laugh.  Tony glanced at him, and Steve had his hand over his mouth, hiding his smile.  But his eyes were dancing.  Tony grinned at him.
When he came back, cup of coffee in hand, Rhodey was sitting at the counter, peeling a strip of pastry from the top of the croissant.  He popped it in his mouth.  “It…  It almost melts.”
Steve looked at Rhodey.  Rhodey looked at Steve.  “No,” they said in unison, and Pepper burst out laughing.
Jarvis paused.  “There is a missive from Lord Odinson, sir.”
“Pep, are we done?” Tony asked, his signature forming by rote beneath the sweep of his pen.  “Please tell me we’re done.”
“It wasn’t my best move, all right, I’m aware,  but I was working through some things,” Tony said.
“We were all there,” Pepper said, her voice flat.
“Stark,” Steve said, putting the pieces together.  “She told him you were in jail, and-”
Tony pulled out 'Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln.'  “I didn't know you were interested in Lincoln,” he said, leafing through the volume.  It smelled like coffee, and there were dark spots marking a spill on the last chunk of pages.
“I stand by my choices,” Tony said as Coulson did a slow pivot to face him.  There was a name tag on his jacket with read, ‘Do Not Try Me.’  Tony pointed his phone at him. “That adhesive is never coming off that cloth, you know that, right?”
“Stand down.”
“Cool, I’ll tag you on the pics,” she said, settling back in her chair, her arms wrapped around the box.  “Who’s next?”
“I will murder both of you,” Darcy said, and it sounded like she meant it.  They both went still, and Darcy smiled at trip. “Declare them.”
Jessica Jones (Referred to as Jessica here)  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jessica_Jones
That won him a slight shrug, but DJ didn't look up again.  He just shifted his weight on his stool, tucking his upraised leg closer to his chest.
“Uh…”  He could almost see the expression on Peter’s face as he twisted around, considering that.  “Ninth street?”
“She likes you more than me,” Tony said, and Steve laughed.
Tony turned in his seat to face Harris, oblivious to the horns blaring all around them. “He has WHAT?”
“A bit,” Steve admitted.  He yawned, one of his hands coming up to cover one of Tony’s.  “You’re the one who woke me up in the middle of the night, stole my shirt, and started invading my privacy.”
“What do we get if we don't tell him?” Val asked.
DJ took the toast, taking a delicate bite from the crust.  He smiled at Tony over the edge of the toast, and Tony smiled back.  "Is it good?" Tony asked, leaning back into the pillows.  "Jarvis, did you make the toast?"
“I can do this,” Steve said, waving him off.
“Speaking,” Tony said, the word mumbled into his coffee cup. “To my eternal regret.”
“Pepper said you suggested DJ.  That he was your choice, not hers.”  Tony moved a piece, and it was somehow worse that he wasn’t looking at Steve.  “So.  What was your play?”  He looked up.  “Because you didn’t trust me, and you didn’t like me, and you told her to take him anyway.”
Steve's lips twitched.  "In that case, maybe I should go first."
“And the things that I hate the most are the things that require my personal intervention,” Tony said.  “Are we giving me any information with which to-”
“Yes.”
Steve was already shaking his head, pacing along the length of the sidewalk.  “Keep it.  Your boys need it more than I do,” he said.
“My money’s on the old coot,” Bucky said.
Steve took the plate of fried dough out of his hand, setting it on the small wooden table nearby.  “Marry me,” he repeated, and when he looked up, his face was full of joy.  He leaned in, his face boyish in its brilliance.  “Unless you want a better proposal?”
“I am,” Tony said.
Shuri nodded.  “Thank you,” she said.  “He always spoke highly of you.  Said you could have remained in Wakanda, if you had wanted.”
Strange rubbed his eyes.  “No,” he said, the word clipped.  “Whatever this is, it centers on DJ.  There’s no reason to suspect anyone else would be affected, but I’d prefer not to take that risk.  You’ll be going back.”
Jarvis nodded.  “It’s not fancy, but it has a comforting, homey taste to it.  I hope you enjoy it.”  He turned towards the door and paused.  “Also, I expect you to return that tin.  As well as the sheet you’ve wrapped around that hardware of yours.”
Tony's head came up, squinting at Steve.  “Alarm,” he said, and it was adament.  “Al-”  The word trailed away, and Steve pressed a kiss to his forehead.
Steve gave another cough, moving away from the computer.  “Thanks,” he managed.  He stabbed at the keyboard with his free hand, looking for a particular webpage.  “Can we just go with Maison Villatte?”
“Then there was a mass exodus of red Jell-O covered idiots,” Jess said.
“Ah, I see the work is progressing as expected.”
Clea settled herself on one of the stools, shaking her skirts out over her legs.  The fabric immediately enveloped the legs of the stool.  “I owe you an apology.”
“You’re going to outlive us all,” Tony said.
He gave the door to the stove a hard tug, only to have it open effortlessly.  He rocked back on his heels, nearly ending up on his ass.  Steve blinked down at it.  "Did you-"
“Are you eating jam directly from the jar?” Bruce asked Clint.
“Only the dress uniform,” Steve said, trying again. He was going to end up tying his hand to his neck. “I didn't like the dress uniform, and the dress uniform didn't like me, and there were a lot of people who could just tie my dang tie if it came down to it, so...” He looked at Jesse. “Can you tie this?”
“I thought you might be with her.  Perhaps you are, still.  You wouldn’t be the first one to be tricked by that one.  Shapeshifters.  Tricky business.  Hard to see through the illusions, and hers?  Is very good.  She might have gotten away with it, might have reached us unseen.”
“Oh, for fuck's sake,” Jan said, her hands on her hips.
Steve paused, the pitcher of batter hovering over the hissing waffle iron.  He set it down.  “How sick?” he asked, but he was already shrugging out of his apron, tossing it towards the hook next to the window.
Because Tony was smiling at him like he’d done something amazing, like he’d made things better, made things bearable.  And maybe that’s all this was.  A momentary way to hold back the things that were real, the things that were destined to ruin him, maybe ruin them both.
Tony paused, his head tipping to the side. “It’s fine,” he repeated, and there was a faint note to the words, like he was humoring Steve, that should’ve been infuriating.
Bucky looked at Steve.  Steve shrugged. “Just trying to patch a hole or two,” he said, resigned.
“I can sleep out on the couch.”
DJ nodded.  “Better.”
She nodded.  “Not your name.  Who are you?”
“Barton is not my problem, and I’m here because you called Jess in the middle of the night and convinced her to come and meet you at a random ramen shop you’d found,” Carol said.  “I wanted to sleep.  We’d just finished two seperate jobs, both of which were horrible and involved beet puree-”
Fury nodded.  “Sorry,” he said to Logan, with a wry twist to his mouth.  “Guess you wanted too much, too soon.”
“Are you out of your mind,” Tony asked, his voice flat.
“Because there’s no way you can get enough people to fill the whole thing before it gets to our stop?” Harris asked, and Fury’s head turned slowly in his direction.  Harris shrank down in his chair.  “Sorry, sir.”
“I'm never going to get the smarm out of this jacket.”
"Oh, I'm well aware of how you function," Steve said, taking the cup of coffee out of Tony's hand.  Tony made a grab for it, but Steve stepped back, staying safely out of reach.  He sniffed at the cup, his brow wrinkling.  "What is this?"
“Because you’re an ass?” Rhodey asked.
Jarvis stepped out of the door, waiting until Tony exited the library before he responded.  “We had a bit of an incident in the kitchen,” he said, his voice pitched low.  He headed for the staircase, and Tony fell into step with him.  “DJ was assisting Mrs. Parker in shelling the last of the peas from the greenhouse, and chef started to grind a batch of coffee beans.”
Steve stared at him.  “There’s nothing wrong with-”
Everything hurt, his chest and his throat and his head, and he squeezed his eyes shut, not wanting to see the white nothing press in on his vision, didn’t want to see anything, and he couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t breathe.
Laughing, Thor set Stark back on his feet.  “There, there, no harm done,” he said, taking a step back.  “And you ought to have contacted me.  Important things, you ought to have told me.”
Steve shoved the blankets back and climbed out of bed.  At this point, anything was more productive.
The hug was too long and too tight and too needy, and Steve still sank into it, a tension he hadn’t even been aware of bleeding out of him.  He buried his face in Tony’s shoulder and took a deep breath.  “God, I missed you.”
“Only me,” he agreed.  “Focus on me, and we'll get through this, you and I.”  His hand tightened on Steve's shoulder.  “We're in this together, after all.”
Steve sighed, and tossed Tony’s chopsticks into the sink. “It’s Christmas, can we go one Christmas without someone getting stabbed?”
Hitomi frowned at him, despite the glint in her eye.  “Try harder,” she said .
“I vote we pick up tomorrow,” Carol said, surveying the function room.
Tony took a deep breath.  “It didn’t come up,” he said.
Steve's spoon hit the bottom of the bowl, and he stood, collecting the empty china.  “Well, I understand wanting to keep your secrets.  I just wanted to say, I was raised to properly mind my business.”   He gave them a slight smile.  “And protect people I like.”
“But even if she could, I doubt Mrs. Parker could get the bloodstains out,” Pepper finished.  She reached out, pushing Tony’s hair away from his forehead.  He made a halfhearted gesture to push her hand away, which she ignored.
Cynthia nodded.  "They're staying with me.  Mom and dad are still very much in their life, but I can cope with this, a little better than they can, so until they get their heads out of their asses..."  She gave Steve a puckish smile.  "I get to deal with a teenager."
Steve leaned in.  “I go first,” he repeated.  “Please.”
"Wow."  More rustling.  "Yeah.  That's...  That was not a smart move on his part."
“Wins,” Clint repeated.  He picked up his spoon.  “And you’re still not asking the important question.”
Harris heaved a sigh.  “I mean, I could, but they’re at a much higher pay grade than me.”
“I’m thinking about if he’s still pissed about that article in the Financial Times.  Wondering if he’s fixed that bug in the knee joint of the newest armor.”  Steve stared at the horizon, the morning air cold on his throat, on his lips.  “I want to text him and tell him I hate this meeting, because he’ll have a response that’ll make me laugh.  I want to check the team calendar, to see if Jarvis has added anything for him that we know about, and I also find myself resenting that I have to learn about his trips and his absences from the team calendar and Jarvis, anyway.
Steve bit back a swear.  "Other than his entire history?"
“He's at the curb,” Tony said, flapping a hand in the general direction of the front of the restaurant.  “Maybe if I added some basil smoke to this, it'd be a stronger impression on the palate, there's just so few ways to make that effective without adding the sulfurous elements and-”
Tony sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose.  “He’s….”  His face felt hot, and he pulled away from Jan.  “He’s going to be gone soon, let’s not give him more to gossip about.”
He blinked hard, trying to focus.  “Where-”
Bucky paused mid-chew, considered the cream puff, and gave another shrug before taking a second bite.  “Honestly, if I'm gonna go out, doing it with a mouthful of pastry is how I'd want to go,” he said.  “You might kill me, but you've got standards, you'll make sure I die happy.”
“Look, I’ve been dealing with this for days,” Harris said.  “And they know where I live.”
“Has the ride been so bad?” Steve asked, and both of them gave him a look.  He nodded.  “It wasn’t my idea.”
“She’s singing,” Sam said, his chin propped on one hand.  “Should we be worried about the singing?”
Tony didn’t say anything, and Stark just kept going.  “After all, I can see it.  He gave me everything I needed, everything I could’ve wanted.  The best schools, the best connections with the best people.  Ski trips to Aspen, or the Alps.  Summers on the Riviera, a beach house in the Hamptons.  Cars.  Clothes.  Whole companies.  I had the right upbringing, everything I needed.  He made sure that I had the best.  In everything.
“That would be easier, but also I’m enjoying the last, declining moments of blissful ignorance,” Tony said, setting the bowl in front of him and reaching for a pair of chopsticks..  He inclined his head in a half-bow.  “Itadakimasu.”
“I’ve done it before, and I’ll probably do it again,” Steve said, but he took a bite of it anyway.  The pastry melted on his tongue, warm and buttery, the raw sugar from the top crunching between his teeth.  His eyes closed, just for a second, as he savored the flavor.
“Yes, we can,” Tony mumbled against his throat, making Steve laugh.
Maya flipped her apron at him.  "Well?  What are you waiting for?  Correr!"
“Right, right, of course, call me Justin.”
“I thought you knew that,” Jarvis said, and Tony’s eyes burned, his fingers catching on Jarvis’ jacket.  He clung, like a child, and he’d be ashamed of that later, later, much later.  For now, he just breathed in, the familiar scent of Jarvis’ coat.
He watched the dots bounce, waiting for the reply.  ‘Depends.  What are you choosing?’
Steve glanced back over his shoulder just in time to see Tony fit the case back into place.  He opened it with a flick of his thumb, and closed it with a click.  He held it out to Steve.  “There we go.  Good as new.”  His eyebrows arched.  “Next time?  Keep it out of the water.”
“And not smashing?” Tony asked, as the food was set out on the table.
“No,” he said to Tony, and Sue had no idea how he'd gotten up next to her without her noticing, but he was there now, inches from her side, a beautiful little boy with huge dark eyes and a wide smile.
“I helped him get you into the bathroom and got your shoes and shirt off and kept you from trying to drink Steve’s shampoo, because you said anything that smelled that good couldn’t REALLY be poisonous,” Peter babbled.  “And I was like, no, bad idea, but you’re a lot stronger than you look-”
“This is something that’s bad, but not…  Not that bad,” Tony said.  “She’ll fix it before the party even starts, and be able to relax.”  He smiled.  “Right now, if she had sleeves, she’d be rolling them up.”
Steve grinned, a flush of pleasure going over him.  “Sure,” he said, handing it over.
“Well, I think so,” Steve said, giving the pot another stir.  “But I'm no literary critic.”
He managed to pull on his pants and shoes, grabbing his holster from the hook next to the bed.  He didn't bother with his suspenders, leaving them hanging down at his sides, or his shirt.  Anyone who showed up at his door at this hour deserved to see him in his undershirt.  He shrugged his holster into place, and headed for the door.
Clint nodded.  "Why am I here?" he repeated.  He sounded less confused and more resigned.
Steve just stood there, the sweatshirt hanging from his hand.  “I know.  But this is warm and dry, so...”  He let his voice trail away.
Steve found himself smiling back.  “Then I guess we’re at an impasse, because I know just enough manners to know I’m being rude.”
She grinned.  “Looking for you, you mean,” she said, with a toss of her head.  “I have nothing to fear there.”
“Wait, his what?” Rhodey sat up.  His Air Force Academy t-shirt was definitely worse for wear.  “His hearing aids?”
“Because I can barely take care of myself, let alone another…”  Tony scraped a hand over his face.  “I don’t know what I’m talking about,” he admitted.
DJ nodded, but he also reached for Stark's plate, his fingers twitching a piece of bacon from it before anyone could say anything.  But to Steve's surprise, Stark just smiled down at him, his jaw resting on one hand.  “You can have your own plate,” he said, over the rim of his coffee cup.  “Unless you just like sharing?”
“Don't you 'ma'am' me, if you take a deep breath, every seam in that thing is going to split wide open, and while that might be amusing to watch, I couldn't possibly bear to see such a nice piece of clothing so abused,” she said, her fingers wiggling in front of him.  “Off.  With it.”
Maria's head tipped to the side.  “Would you take the job?”
Clea was reassembling the armor, the pieces floating in midair in front of her, her face as focused as if she was a child with a particularly clever jigsaw puzzle.  She raised one hand, a pale glow swirling around her fingertips as she rotated a gauntlet back into place.
Tony sighed.  “Not you, Charlie, you know who’s paying your bills.  And you’re not a coward.  I’ll warn you before she hits the lobby.”
DJ looked at Tony, eyes bright.  “Sorry.”
Steve reached for Tony's hand, trying to pry his shirt free of Tony's grip.  But even asleep, he held on, his fingers locked tight.  After a moment, he gave up, raising Tony's hand to his mouth.  He brushed a delicate kiss across Tony's knuckles, his lips lingering against the warmth of his skin.
DJ shrugged.  "Clint?"  Clint glanced at him, but DJ's eyes were focused on the tv.  "Can Val and Franklin over?"
“Yes, we have.”
“We’re done enough,” she said with an easy smile.  “I’ll put the files together for your meeting.  I don’t need you here for that, and in fact, it’ll be easier if you’re not.”
“No.”  Steve shifted his weight, and Tony never got tired of seeing him blush. “I mean-”  He shook his head.  “No.  You’re cooking.”
“Last time I got an offer like this, I ended up in a basement in Brooklyn,” Steve mumbled.  “And you’re the only one I’d be listening to about this, so-”
Finally, Steve's hand fell away from Tony's, hopping onto the bike.  Tony's hand hovered in mid-air for a moment, wishing that the warmth of Steve's fingers didn't fade so quickly.  He tucked his hands in his pockets.  “Okay, so-”
“No,” Steve said.
He cradled his phone against his ear, his gaze locked on the shiny toes of his shoes as he listened to it ring.  His pulse was throbbing behind his temples, his jaw painfully tight.  He sucked in a breath from between his teeth, and the air hissed with each breath.
Everyone stilled.  “I wasn’t aware I had any openings,” Tony said, tossing the filthy rag back in the general direction of the workbench.
She gritted her teeth.  "Go.  Away."
Steve smiled.  “Not that big, buddy.”  He wrestled Tony's jacket off and tossed it towards the breakfast bar.  “Go get cleaned up, I'm going to make you some tea and toast, then it's straight to bed.”
The couch was facing away from him, and all he could see of the occupant was the blond head, leaning against the back.  DJ paused in the hallway, his hand flat on the wall, his heart in his throat.  “Steve?”
“You should drink your tea.”
“That you think I take anything seriously,” Tony said, reaching for a pencil.  He dragged a pad of paper across the desk towards him, nearly upsetting Obie’s coffee cup.  “Pardon me,” he mumbled, scowling down at the page as Obie rescued his drink.
Tony's head jerked down towards DJ, who was still holding the candlestick in both hands like a baseball bat.  "I'll be taking that," he said, making an effort to release DJ's shirt.  "If I'm not allowed to murder anyone, you absolutely are not."
“Is it you?” Clint asked with a grin.
“Fight,” DJ said, waving the candlestick over his head.  “We fight!”
“I’m not grinning,” Steve said, and he knew it was a lie.  Tony glared at him, and Steve tried to stop smiling.  “Tony…”
“I'll take your word for that,” Tony said.
Her smile was like a burst of springtime sunshine, destined to melt even the iciest heart.  “So am I,” she said.  “But I'm sorry it took us dragging you out of your bed.”
Steve stepped up next to him.  "That's not how the-"
“Not hiding.” Steve fished the washcloth out of the bucket of bleach water, running it across the tabletop with careful precision.  “Recess.”
“Yeah, I have zero time for my Tony’s bullshit, and you’re going to be gone in like 48 hours, so I sure as hell don’t have time for yours,” Harris said.  He stopped, his stomach sinking.  “Oh, God.  I claimed a Tony Stark.”
“Where’s Harris?”
“Fine, go take your shirt off and drape yourself on a car hood,” Sam said, throwing his hands in the air, “and excuse me for being a traditionalist.”
"I'm docking your pay," he said to DJ, who twisted around in Rogers' arms, burying his face in Rogers' shoulder.  "No use crying on the help, my mind is made up.  You've failed me, there will be nothing but bread and water for the foreseeable future, unless it's the good kind of bread, and then it's-" He didn't know where he was going with this.  Judging by the look on Rogers' face, neither did he.
"Nothing, if he was going to be dancing with tiny, tiny women," Sam said.  "But he's not."
“Can you please relax?” he asked, and there was such warmth in his voice that Steve felt his face flush.  “Is that even a possibility with you?” Steve stared at him, and Tony started to laugh.  “Fine.”  He reached for a towel from the stack and tossed it onto the tile next to the bath.  “Give me that bottle.”
"Up.  You have opinions on my engineering?"  Stark bent forward at his waist, his hands folded behind his back.  He smirked down at Rhodey.  "Then you can help me."
“No,” Steve said, ignoring the way she pouted at him.  “So, is Clint going to-”
Tony’s head bobbed in a faint nod.  “How creepy is your friend?”
“Loser,” Sam yelled after him.
“Yes.” She smiled at Steve, who resisted the urge to sigh.  He shoved a hand through his hair. “Why else would you?”
“So if they're like, 'hey, you've got a real pretty mouth, bet you give good head,' I'm going to roll with it,” Clint said, with a nod.  “Because the kind of guys who try that are either really repressed or think you are.  So they either A. they get turned on, or B. they get freaked out and in either case, that makes them a lot easier to shoot.”
He nodded.  “Better.”
Tony waved an idle hand through the air.  “It’s mine to waste,” he said, in his most insufferable voice.  “And for your insolence, there will be no tip.  Take your payment and get out.”
“I pissed off the New York culinary scene, and he’s laying into Congress,” Tony pointed out.  “The two are in no way equivalent.”
“I can't do this,” Steve said.  “You can start the dancing.”
Rhodey, two steps behind them, was shaking his head.  “You’re an idiot,” he told Clint.  “You’re…”  He looked at Tony.  “How did this become my job?”
“Mmmm, you do enjoy living beyond your means,” Okoye said.  She paused, looking down at Peter, who curled into himself, his eyes huge as he peered back at her.  “Ah.  This one survived as well.  Shuri will be pleased.”
“No.”  DJ shook his head, his hands flexing at his sides.  “Stay.  Like this.”  He smiled at them.  “Just....  Like this.”
The man behind the table didn’t even blink.  If anything, his face seemed to relax, smoothing out into a lopsided smile.  “Huh.  Well.”  He cleared his throat.  “That’s…  Quite a magic word.”
“I don't think we need to worry about him not having gotten enough to eat,” Clint said around a mouthful of potato salad.
“Glad to see I’ve still got you fooled,” Tony said, trying to straighten up.  “As that’s one of the bedrock tenets of this relationship.” Steve let him go, his hands sliding free, and Tony stumbled.
“Is it time for dinner?” Tony asked.  He looked at DJ.  “Ready for dinner?”
“New tech's sexy, Banner, don't kinkshame me.”  The robot's steps paused, its head turning to focus on Tony.  The instant it locked on, the alarms in the armor went nuts, everything going off at once.  “Jay, kill the Klaxons, I'm aware of the threat.” He swooped in low, and shot up right in front of the robot, well within reach.
Steve thought about that.  "Aren't you?" he asked at last, and Tony's face relaxed.
“You might be proud, I’m not-so-secretly terrified,” Tony said.  He rolled halfway over so he could squint at Steve.  “You’re usually up by now.”
“Oh, can I be your campaign manager?” Tony asked, sitting up straight on his crate.  “I specialize in pointed barbs and smear tactics.”
“Go big or go home,” Tony said.
“I’m a walrus,” Clint said.  She just stared at him, and he flapped his hands like flippers.  “Walrus.”
“Have human relations really changed that much since we were nine?” Tony shot back.  She sighed, and he smiled.  “Yeah, that's what I thought.” He shook his head. “Leave it alone, Pepper.  It's-”  He struggled to find the right word.  Not 'okay.'  It wasn't okay.  He didn't know when, exactly, it had gone from being okay to being extremely not okay, but he supposed it didn't really matter.
“Nah, I’m not interested in you, either,” Sam said with a grin.  “If I was going to give it a try with a man, it’d probably be you, but-” He spread his arms wide.  “I just really like women.  I really, really like women.”
“What’s that?”
DJ stared down at his soup, his stomach churning.  “Can I ask you?” he asked, and stopped.  He looked at Agatha.  “Ask you something?”  She nodded, her tea cup held gracefully in one hand and the piece of garlic bread in the other.  “How…”  He shifted in his seat, his spoon tapping against the edge of his bowl, regular as a clock ticking.  “You thought I was her.  But I’m not…”  He looked down at the tablecloth, at the tiny white specs of soup that arced away from the movement of his spoon  Perfectly imperfect.  He stilled his spoon with a great deal of effort.  “Not as strong.  Won’t ever be as strong.”
They sat in neatly ordered rows, dozens of metal monsters, all polished to a mirror shine.  The majority of them were black, trimmed with gleaming silver chrome and riding high on white wall tires.  But a few, scattered here in there, were painted in sharp, brilliant splashes of color, green and yellow and rich, mellow gold.
For a long moment, DJ was silent.  Then, he nodded again.  And more than that, his arms relaxed, his feet shifting on the chair in front of him.  “Yes,” he said.
“Tell him I want a t-shirt from Washington,” Jess said.
Steve sucked in a breath, and he ached, right down to his core. “I’ll try not to let it go to my head,” he said, pushing himself to his feet.  “I think it’s time to put him to bed.”
“One on a long list of things our chef is never going to do,” Tony said.  “But if there’s anyone as stubborn as him, it’s Mrs. Parker, and so our kitchen remains an active battleground.”  He half turned to Steve, scowling down at the sketchbook.  “Jarvis and Natasha.  Bobbi in the garden.  Bruce with his flowers.”
“No, I mean, what the fuck,” Tony said.
Clint’s head fell back.  “No, everything’s fine here.  Phil’s great, how’s-”  He nodded.  “Glad to hear it.  Yeah.”  He rolled forward, bracing his elbows on his knees.  “Yeah, just got back from a mission, nothing big, just a VIP escort out to Las Vegas, and now Phil and I are having an argument-”
Tony blinked.  “I don’t-”
Steve stared at him.  “You're an idiot,” he managed at last.
“Can we get a confirmation on your marriage?”
“Seriously, I’m here, you’re here, I can run fast enough that you don’t have the breath to harass me, so let’s just…” Steve held up his hands.  “Let’s just do this, okay?”
“I'm not sure what definition of 'hostile' we're going with here,” Bruce said, a vibration running through the words, “but from here, from, uh, from the distance I've got on it, it seems pretty, you know-  It seems hostile, Phil.”
Steve looked at his mother, who was watching him, her cheek balanced on her palm, smiling at him.  “Are there fairies in America?” he asked.
“Which he is never going to do,” Tony grumbled.  “Sheds as he walks.  His jacket on the stairs and his shoes in the hallway and his bookbag on the dining room table and-”
“Wasn't planning on it,” Tony said.  A man came running at him, screaming, a length of pipe held over his head like a club.  Without looking away from the scroll of data, Tony raised a hand and hit him with a short repulsor blast.  He went down hard.  “I wonder why these kind of assholes never learn.”  He pried open a nearby panel.  “Okay, this I can handle.”  He set his gauntleted hand against the circuitry.  “Jarvis, let's see if you can get in without triggering anything.”
"So they're staying with you," Steve said.
He pried his fingers free of the doorknob, creeping forward.  Furbro popped up, his front paws tugging on one of the strings from DJ’s hoodie.  Gently, DJ pushed him back down.  “Stay,” he said, ignoring the way Furbro tried to bite him.
“The morning post, sir.”
It hurt, in the best possible way.  Tony smiled at him anyway.  "Lean over."  Steve leaned into his personal space, so close that Tony could feel the heat from his body, could hear the light, steady sound of his breathing.  Tony smoothed his fingers along the line of Steve's collar, making sure that it lay properly over the fine silk of his tie.  "You're going to be fine."
Tony stared at her.  “Book club.”
Beyond the shelter of the tree’s branches, the wind kicked up, and the branches swayed, leaves floating down to land on his head.  He reached up, picking one out of his hair.  “I suppose that’s as close as I’ll get to tears,” he said, rolling the stem between his finger and thumb.  He tucked it into his pocket, and turned his attention to dinner.
Clint held out a plate to Jarvis, who dropped a few slices of bread on it.  “Oui,” he said, as Jarvis crossed to the coffee grinder.
“That's definitely true,” Carol said, descending with her arms wrapped around Clint's chest.  He hung limply in her grip, a distinct pout on his face.  “Here, Steve, I found your dance partner.  He's mostly undamaged.”
“Oh, I love coward duty,” Jess said.  “Nat?  You coming?”
Tony didn’t look up from his tablet.  “I fucking hate Namor,” he said, the words pushed out from between clenched teeth.
Clint looked up, not as surprised as he should have been to find DJ hovering on the other side of the table in the laundry room.  “Hey, bud,” he said, dragging another armload of sheets out of the drier.  “Looking for something to do?”
Ellen opened her mouth.  Closed it.  “You got ripped off so bad.”  Jesse raised one shoulder in a half shrug.
Tony stared at him, one hand braced on the counter.  He reached out, placing a single finger on the edge of the plate, dragging it out of Bucky's reach. “You do,” he said, stating the obvious, and Bucky gave a one armed shrug.
"Thank you, ma'am."  Suddenly exhausted, Steve headed up the stairs, ignoring the way the wood creaked and shifted under his feet.  He was used to that by now, used to having to twist to the side to slip through the narrow gaps between floors, used to skipping the steps that he knew wouldn't take his weight.
