His eyes only lingered on the view for a second before they fell on to Steve, tucked into the corner of the sofa. He was so beautiful, illuminated by the back drop of the city below them. The man had his knees pulled up to his chest, a sketchbook balanced on them and a charcoal pencil in his hand, face turned downwards towards his work, bottom lip sucked between his teeth, like it always did when he was really trying to concentrate.
"Yeah but you can't." Tony cut in. "Trust me, time travel is a beast of an egg, not likely to be cracked any time soon, don't even get me started." he sighed again "If we were going to be together, then we'd already be together, and we're not so I think we have to just let it go, let the past stay where it belongs, the past."
." Tony agreed, glancing at the first person on the far right. "That's Sam, groomsmen." He pointed to the built man against the refrigerator, before moving to the blonde next to him. "That's Sharon, Bridesmaid, beautiful smile-" he added, just to watch her blush and Clint gape.
"It's not." Tony says, padding off to his bathroom, full of confidence, and incredibly nude. "Have you seen yourself Steve? Look in a mirror and then try and blame me, dare you."
Tony barked out a laugh, but cupped Steve's face with both of his hands. "You were always a monster, Rogers." he leaned down softly placed his lips on Steve's. "It's just more prevalent with the help of social media."
"I didn't want to." Steve said with a chuckle, as the continued past the big red barn. "I found myself here to work one summer, it was supposed to be seasonal, but I got on well with the owner, her name was Darla." He glanced over his shoulder at Tony, making sure he was still being followed. "She was the sweetest old lady, her husband had passed the winter before and she just took to me, kept me around to help he fix up the house, and keep everything in order over the winter, then I started taking her to appointments and the grocery store. I didn't know until she passed that she had updated her will to leave it all to me."
The reporter quickly grabbed the microphone and it cuts back to two anchors at a desk, and Clint is laughing so hard he's crying now.
The wind blew icy, whipping the small white flakes around in absolutely no pattern. As they fell down they swooped up and around. Calming only for a second between gusts. For some people, December was the most beautiful time to be in New York, for others it was the coldest the city ever got. While store fronts were filled with festive lights and decorations the ground was covered in brown slush, people marching about their days in sickening routine. The sun set early, behind the concrete towers and the night sky spent weeks in a hazy gray with fluttering whites.
"Water and Advil are on the bed side table." Steve finishes for him, not bothering to look up from his sketchbook.
The first time Tony initiated all of it, it was nice to not be in control for once in his life, but Tony doesn't say anything because he doesn't want it to stop. They move slowly this time, at least more so than the first time. It's all a lot of touching and and kissing before Steve turns Tony around and bends him over the back of the penthouse couch. Even then his movements are far less frantic, breathing in every inch of Tony that he can. This time Steve finishes first, digging his teeth into Tony's shoulder as he does. It only lasts a moment though, and then Steve is pulling away, and Tony has to bite his own tongue to hold back his complaints of emptiness. But then Steve's hands are back on his hips, turning Tony back around before dropping to his knees and finishing Tony off with his mouth.
Natasha sighed, the quick change of subject would almost be enough to give someone whiplash, but neither Natasha nor Bucky seemed to mind. "Clint is snoring on your couch where he passed out."
"Oh, Okay." Tony smirks, twisting in his chair to face Steve. "So you're telling me that you plan to go back and tell both of them No." he raises an eyebrow, and it takes everything in Steve not to glare.
"Fine." Tony all but whined. "Suit yourself party pooper Rogers." He smoothed the fabric of his jacket over one last time before heading out the door, but not before calling out behind himself. "don't say I didn't try to get you out and living."
Tony waved off Steve "A soon to be friend, then." he corrected "That I'm supporting in his entrepreneurial endeavor."
"Tony has a Facebook, Twitter and an Instagram, all very successful. He has over a million followers on each platform." Pepper answers quickly, like it's common knowledge. And Steve will give her that one, of course Tony has one - or three.
From where he stood, Steve could see over the others, sitting around the fire pit in the backyard,  roasting marshmallows and drinking. He smiled to himself, watching those who mattered the most to him having such a good time. He breathed in deeply, as a gust of wind swept over him, and looked up at the sky. Steve became mesmerized by the stars in the sky, but was startled when he heard the sound of someone opening the porch door. He turned quickly to see who it was, and was greeted by a sheepish wave from Tony.
“I didn’t realize how hungry I was until I smelled everything,” Steve offered, mouth practically watering looking at the spread. He caught Tony eyeing his spring rolls and smiled.
“Oh, well I wanted to bring Sprocket by; I figured you should have him. Plus every time my bots see him, they assume you’re coming by the workshop so they get excited and I end up having to play fetch with them. It’s a whole thing,” Tony said rubbing the back of his neck.
Tony cringed at the sound of Howard’s snark and sarcasm. He turned and gave his most obviously fake smile.
It felt like an eternity as Tony rode out his orgasm, giving short, half hearted thrusts. When he’d finished, Tony pulled out and practically collapsed on top of Steve, not really caring about the pool of cum he’d fallen on to. They lay there like that for a few minutes before Steve wrapped an arm around Tony, shifting them on to their shoulders, laying face to face. Steve gave a dopey grin that Tony couldn't help but return.
Wow, okay, so this chapter is all Emily, you guys. I think I wrote maybe two scenes? This chapter is amazing and I just have to thank her for picking up my slack.
Tony turned and went back out to the parking lot (which was more of a driveway, really). Steve was sitting in the passenger seat, the blindfold still resting over his eyes.
hard earned money. There isn’t a single part of my day to day life that I have paid for using what you’ve given me. So you can fuck right off with that bull shit.”
“Ok, sorry man. We didn’t mean anything by it. Just wanted to make sure you’re alright,” Sam said, taking a seat next to Steve.
Thank you all so so much for reading along! And keeps your eyes peeled for a little addition to come some time down the line!
Tony set a somewhat brutal pace, chasing after something he wasn’t exactly sure of, with each thrust. He tried to focus on every little thing about Steve in this moment. The blond had a stream of praises falling out of his mouth, and though Tony couldn’t pick up on any one in particular, he always heard his name, crystal clear. The sound of Steve moaning his name brought him close to the edge faster than he’d expected. He was prepared to pull out before he was able to knot, but Steve threw his head back and began begging in earnest.
“Good bye, Tony,” Bruce spoke, shaking his head and smiling. On his way out, Tony could have sworn he heard Bruce whisper “Say hi to Cora and your
Tony gave a solemn nod, before exiting the car. He turned to face the car as he closed the door, taking a breath to collect himself enough to put on his best camera ready smile.
Steve’s hair was an absolute mess, his skin was drenched in sweat and his pupils were blown wider than Tony thought possible. Simply put, he looked like he’d been wrecked.
“No, please don't apologize, I asked how things were going because I genuinely wanted to know,” Tony assured. “It's nice getting to hear about companies other than my own.”
They turned to look at one another, and Tony felt something overcome him. He reached out to take hold of Steve’s face and pulled him into a kiss. It was soft and all too short, but Tony couldn’t help but think it was perfect. As the kiss ended, they rested their foreheads together.
They stood there for a moment, a strange feeling coming over the shorter man that he had to fight to suppress. After a moment Steve took a breath then smiled.
Steve’s jaw set and his nostrils flared. For a brief moment, Tony wondered if the blond was going to hit him. He braced for a blow but it never came. Steve just looked at him for another moment, anger radiating off of him.
Steve wanted nothing more than to continue kissing Tony, but once the brunet had mentioned Cora, he looked to check the time.
“Alright, well I think that’s it for the interview, but I wanted to ask if we’ve met somewhere before. You seem so familiar to me but I don’t know why.”
“First of all, I’ve been dating the guy for like five seconds, so no. Second, you’re the one throwing around the L-word, not me… but if that’s what you want to call it, I won’t stop you.”
It was moments like this that Tony couldn’t figure out how he’d gotten so lucky. He could see right through Steve, who was obviously crushed about this, but he was putting on a brave face and trying to stay positive for Tony’s sake.
It was as if all the air got sucked out of the alpha’s lungs in that moment. He clutched at his chest, trying to ground himself, as he gasped for air.
“Yep...that’s all you have to say,” Steve offered, attempting to reassure Tony that he had it. The shorter man looked at him for a few moments, as if he were waiting for Steve to realize something. He wracked his brain for what the brunet could possibly be waiting for, and then it hit him: Tony had just apologized to him.
Steve came out looking to take a day for himself, but as they walked through the remainder of the museum, he realized that spending the day with Tony was much better.
“I what, Howard? I’m supposed to become a carbon copy of you? Treat my entire family like absolute shit because I’m richer than God? What if I just… didn’t do any of what you wanted, hmm? What if I just decided that owning a weapons manufacturing company isn’t my thing, so i just sell it?”
Sitting here, hand resting on Steve’s belly where their baby was growing, Tony couldn’t help but feel overwhelmed with joy. He let out a small laugh as tears started to well up in his eyes at the thought of his next works.
To hear Steve say those words tore Tony apart. The moment he saw a tear fall down the omega’s face, he dropped to his knees to wipe it away.
’ me. Steve has done something so incredibly idiotic, and I want to know why. Why would you be so careless, so reckless, so...so stupid?”
“Dis one’s mine!” She’d ripped the wrapping paper off before Tony could even touch it. “It’s us, see! Dere’s daddy an’ you an’ me,” she pointed to each of the blobs in turn. “I’m in da middle because I wan’ed to hold yer hand but I wan’ed ta hold daddy’s hand, too,” she explained.
The two looked at each other, then burst out into laughter. Tony always loved the back and forth he had with Carol. She seemed to be the sister he’d never had, and he enjoyed the fact that she never took shit from anyone, especially from him.
Refusing to let himself fall into the trap of sleep again, Tony just changed his underwear and went right back down to the workshop, until it was time to get ready for work. Once he got to the office, he spent a good amount of time trying to drink his own weight in coffee, just to be awake enough to deal with the hot mess that had become his life. After about an hour of pointedly avoiding everyone and anyone, Tony decided he had had enough. He left his office and went on a search for Pepper. It didn’t take long to find her, as he knew she’d probably be in her office.
They looked through the selection of vibrators, and Steve felt that he was in some perverted version of Goldie Locks. They weren’t looking for anything too big or too small, but something just right. That thought made the man’s face burn even more as they continued looking. It only took a bit longer for them to come upon a red and gold vibrator that looked to be the most favorable. After placing it in their basket, Natasha selected a handful of lubes and threw them in as well. Steve followed her to the register, practically hiding behind her during the entire transaction. Once they made their way to the car, he felt like he could finally breath.
The second the words left his mouth, he slouched down in his chair. Carol looked at him, desperately trying to understand the current problem.
“Honestly, I have no fucking clue. Tony just went nuts, started yelling about this Tiberius guy and accusing me of being paid to try to get in his pants.”
They walked in silence, enjoying the weather and the lovely scenery. Once at the lake, they took a seat at a table shaded by a large tree.
“Clearly, the answer is no,” Steve responded, giving a nod to Sam, and shooting a death glare at Clint.
“I...what’s….what’s going on?” Tony asked, feeling his breathing become more labored as he took in the site in front of him.
“So, I don’t mean to ruin the moment,” Steve started, causing Tony to prop himself up on his elbow to look the blond in the face. “But you left for Christmas break without telling me where you went. You came back and you never talked about your trip. Now, you’re going ‘home’, wherever that is, and you’re not really giving me any information. What if something happens and I need to get ahold of you?”
, I’m sure. Will you just play the damn movie?!” Tony replied, only slightly annoyed by the smaller man.
“JARVIS,” Tony said, looking up to speak into the empty room, “Schedule a meeting with Pepper this evening.”
Tony’s eyes darkened almost instantly at the invitation. He reached up to undo the bow around Steve’s neck before gently sliding the smooth fabric up and over the omega’s head. They both stood completely naked, cocks standing at attention in anticipation for what was to come. Tony pulled Steve towards him and the fell back onto the bed, sharing a languid kiss. The alpha’s hands began to roam, circling his hole and almost as if on cue, Steve felt a rush of slick between his legs.
Tony shouldn’t even try to smile. He could tell by the look on Pepper’s face that he wasn’t fooling anyone. As soon as she turned the corner, Tony put his head down on the table and shielded himself with the menu. If he couldn’t see the restaurant, he couldn’t be reminded.
Tony jumped up to get dressed while he waited, and scrambled across the room when he heard a text notification.
“Uh, things went well! You left, Cora woke up, we laughed, we played… it was great!” Tony offered, quickly realizing that he sounded as unconvincing as he thought. “Bucky texted you didn’t he?” Tony asked, defeated.
She raised her eyebrow and smirked at him, seeing right through what Tony was doing, but took the bag anyway. “Would you guys like anything to drink?”
Thanks to the work that Natasha’s friends had done, Tony and Pepper now knew who the mole was: a man named Kyle Ritter. Kyle was an SI employee with a very sick niece who had been passed up for testing an experimental treatment that they thought might cure her. When Ty approached him, knowing that his family was desperate, and offered to pay him enough to cover treatment for his niece, Kyle couldn’t say no.
Tony noticed the way that Steve was looking down, as if he were bracing for the worst, and his heart sank. He knew in that moment that what he said next would drastically affect their lives forever.
not your problem anymore. Isn’t that why you left? To not have to deal with this kind of shit anymore?”
“Ew,” Steve chuckled. “You know these muscles aren’t just for looks, right?” With a smirk, he picked Tony up by the ass, eliciting a squeak from the shorter man.
Once they had a moment to themselves, Tony pulled Steve aside. “I don’t know how the fuck you did any of that, but thank you!”
“Tony? You’re Steve’s alpha?! I had no idea,” Bruce spoke, taking a step back to readjust his coat and his glasses.
“Well, I’m going to get the other girls together on Sunday and we’re going to take you to brunch and then plan for your nursery. It’ll be a chance for all of us to get together and have some fun!”
like you are!” Steve answered, finally losing his patience. Once he saw the hurt look on Tony’s face, he pinched the bridge of his nose.
“Oh no, absolutely not,” Tony interrupted. “You said you needed to get your hands on one of these bots to understand them. What better way to do that then to build one?”
“How did we let this happen?!” Steve asked, quickly moving to check on Cora as she slept in her playpen.
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Tony ground out before drawing his hips back and snapping them forward.
“I have one of those tattoo thingies,” Tony said, hiking up his shirt in the front to reveal his hip. There was a small dandelion puff, blowing away, seed trailing across his left hip. “Got it when I was sixteen.”
more. In an instant, he’d pushed Tony away, freeing himself, only to pull the brunet into a bruising kiss.
“Yeah, it kind of snuck up on me but...they are really great. I have a lot of fun when we’re together and when I found out...they had feelings for me, I was excited.”
“It is so painfully obvious that you’ve got it bad for Tony,” Clint said, mirroring the look on Bruce's face. “You’ve gotta do something about this before the rest of us are forced to intervene.”
Tony just plopped down on his best friend’s desk, popping open a soda can as he thought over his answer.
“I’m not as fragile as you think, Tony, you can get on with it,” Steve spoke, almost breathless and with an annoyed yet fond look on his face.
“Well...yeah. Like Peter says,” Steve started, sparing a glance at the teen sitting across from them in the booth, “we’re going together, so we might as well. Plus it’s what the kids are doing these days.”
“Steve, she’s here. Our little Mason Alexandra...she’s here, and she’s beautiful. They have to take her away to let Bruce set her up in the NICU, but my god, Steve...our daughter is absolutely perfect.”
“And what, pray tell, would be so terrible about being married to me?” Tony asked, crossing his arms.
The walk back to the entrance of the park seemed much shorter on the way out, but as the entrance came into sight, Tony bumped his shoulder against Steve’s.
“So you might not have been 100% wrong about me trying to drown my sorrows in alcohol,” Tony started, shrugging his apology at the disapproving look he was given,
“It’s just... you and Mr. Stark are the best. We’ve all really loved having you both coach the team and we don’t want you guys to break up because of us.”
“Do I? A year ago, you hated my guts, and now you think we’re meant to bond and be together forever. If it weren’t for this baby, this wouldn’t be happening, and you know it. I’m not meant for this, Steve, I’m just not.”
“This is...news to me. I mean we’ve had our ups and downs just like anyone else but I never thought it was something we couldn't fix.”
“Alright, well I’ll be right back with your sonogram, but I’ll give you a few minutes,” the doctor said, more to let Steve know that the appointment was coming to an end.
“And he’s ok with the fact that you’re a nineteen year old father?” Natasha asked, while trying to mooch off of Bucky’s rice. As he swatted her hand away, she jabbed him in the side with one of her chopsticks before going back in.
That's all it took for Tony to slowly pull out half way before snapping his hips back, soliciting a moan from both men. It took a few thrusts before he was able to set a rhythm, and a few more before Steve started meeting him halfway with thrusts of his own. They moved together, ever so slowly increasing their pace until the air was filled with sounds of skin on skin, accented by their panting grunts and moans.
“Cap, you can insult me all you want but you do not get to insult Bon Scott, Brian Johnson and the melodic sounds of ACDC.”
Natasha said, grabbing a mug to make herself a cup of coffee. Steve took her entrance as his chance to dodge Clint’s question and to make a break for the workshop. He couldn’t help but wonder what the others must have thought of his spending so much time with Tony. Something stirred in him that he hadn’t felt since his pre-serum days with Bucky. He felt the need to yell it from the rooftops that he and Tony were just friends, nothing more. He wanted to squash the suspicions of his teammates and there was only one way to do it.
Though they weren’t able to keep up with their lunches, they’d been texting each other just as much, if not more, which gave Tony some peace of mind. But it seemed as though every text from Steve automatically brought the brunet back to those few days they spent together before Christmas.
“Is there something you wanted to talk about? You seem kind of off and I feel like there’s a lot of tension going on right now,” Steve spoke, keeping his eyes on his work.
“Cora’s Potty Chart,” Tony read. “Now, when you go potty in the potty like a big girl, you get to put a sticker up here,” Tony explained, pointing to the spot that said ‘Pee or Poop in Potty’. “And if you have an accident, we put a little sad face sticker down here.” ‘Accidents’. “We’ll make a new chart each week.”
Steve listened as Tony went on, as if it was his first time hearing this information. In reality, Steve had seen the press release a week prior when the news broke. He always stayed up to date on the latest Stark Labs news, not necessarily because he was interested in the company so much as he was interested in the man running it.
Tony had a phenomenal job as the CEO of a company on the cutting edge of groundbreaking technology and he was
Instead of responding, Tony just pressed his finger against the sweet spot and reveled in the whine that came from Steve.
, Steve thought to himself before finally leaving the car. As he walked into the school, he found his way to the front office, stopping at a desk occupied by a young brunette woman.
“I um… let’s just get through this project and we’ll talk about it later okay?” Tony hadn’t thought much about how he was going to break the news that he’d have to spend Christmas away from Steve and Coraline. Truth be told, he was dreading having to tell Steve about his holiday plans. Tony had intentionally made no effort to bring up his family unless it was strictly necessary. He wasn’t ready for the absolute shit show of a conversation the talk about his family would be. He probably wouldn’t ever be ready for that.
“Babe, you asked if we could wipe the slate clean. When I said yes, I meant we were wiping it clean of
“I just wanted to thank you for being so amazing. I still can’t believe we all live together… I still can’t believe this is
“I will stay here and see you through this,” Tony offered, “we’ll discuss things later, but first we have to get you through this heat, ok?”
Steve got in the car and headed back towards his apartment, looking in the rearview mirror to check on Cora every so often. He knew that they’d be alright while Tony was gone, but he couldn’t help but hope that these would be the fastest two weeks of his life.
It had only been a matter of days since Steve’s accident, but in that time Tony had witnessed both the omega and their daughter make amazing progress. Steve had suffered a pretty serious concussion along with the multitude of minor injuries from the accident, but with every passing day, he fought harder and harder for the chance to finally get to meet Mason. It only took four days, and a big of begging on Tony’s part, before he was able to wheel Steve out of his hospital room and into the NICU, where Mason was resting in her incubator.
“Look, I’ve seen the way you guys act around each other,” Natasha started, “you gave him a goodbye kiss when you thought no one was looking that night we had the movie marathon at your place.”
“Horny little shit,” Tony grabbed the lube off of the table where it had been placed by whoever set up the room. He popped the cap before looking up at Steve.
She nodded bashfully and held up her arms. Steve picked her up and carried her the rest of the way into the restaurant.
“Are you sure?” Steve asked, genuinely not wanting to monopolize the conversation by talking all about himself and his friend.
“So you want me to watch Cora. Alone.” Tony stated, checking to see if he’d heard right. He adored Cora more than he ever expected he could; she was a constant ray of sunshine in his life, and he absolutely loved being around her… when others with actual baby experience were also around. In the few months that Tony had been dating Steve, he’d not once looked after Cora without someone else around to help. The thought of looking after her,alone quite honestly scared the shit out of Tony.
Tony gave a small sigh, and wiped his mouth with his napkin before looking up at the man in front of him.
it! I’m going to put this in a nice frame so it won’t get ruined.” Steve let out a small laugh at Cora’s face. Her whole face lit up, knowing that Steve liked her drawing that much.
His hands tightened around the steering wheel. It was okay. He was going to talk about this with Steve. Things would… things would be okay. Okay-ish. Maybe.
“Mmm,” Tony slurred, still trying to take off Steve’s shirt. “Now fuck me. I’m sure the cute little fishies won’t mind.”
“I love you, too. Now, first order of business: We’re going to have ‘We just had our first big fight but we’re through it now’ sex.”
The slight blush that his words garnered was too much for the brunet to handle. He just smiled and went right back to eating his dinner.
“Steve, honey, I’m not sure how to tell you this, but you are not a virgin. You gave up that title when you had a
“How long have you been like this?” Sam asked, attempting to get a better look at the omega to inspect his face, and feel his forehead. Steve swatted his hand away immediately.
“You’re an artist and a writer? Hmm, well, you’ll have to show me some of your stuff some time, I’m sure it’s great,” Tony said, nonchalantly as he tapped the steering wheel to the beat of the song.
As he lay in his bed crying, project completely forgotten, Tony promised himself that as soon as he got back to school, he would come clean to Steve about everything. He just hoped that, for once, he could prove Howard wrong, and finally show that he’d found someone who truly loved him.
“Tony, I didn’t need you to fix my problems. I’ve been perfectly capable of doing that on my own all this time without you, so I’ll continue to do just fine on my own,” Steve said, crossing his arms over his chest.
He reached over to turn the water on in the bathtub, quickly deciding he needed the relaxing feeling of a bath instead of a shower. He added the most soothing scents he could find to the water, then ran his hand through to make sure it was the right temperature. When everything was just right, Steve stepped in, letting out a sigh once he was completely settled.
“Steve, how did this happen?” Natasha asked, rubbing her hand up and down the blond’s back, soothingly.
“I heard you talking to your little boyfriend earlier,” Tony’s face fell at those words. Howard picked up on the subtle change in attitude, and grinned. “I hear he has a daughter, too. How cute. You think you’ve found yourself a little family.”
Tony got to making carbonara for lunch to keep his mind busy while he waited for his friends to arrive. The second he heard his doorbell ring, his heart began to beat a mile a minute.
As Tony predicted, Steve was just as sober as he was when they began drinking. But for some reason, being around Tony while he was drunk seemed to loosen Steve up…until he mentioned Peggy. A sad smile spread across his face as he thought back on that day. In Tony’s mind, there was nothing worse than a sad Captain America. He needed to change the subject.
After that evening, Tony practically barricaded himself in his workshop, only letting Pepper in to drop off food, and stopping to take a handful of naps. It took two full days of working before Tony finally felt he’d been able to back Ty into a corner, and it was time to tell him as much.
oh hey there guys! sorry about the delayed update. the fun part about this is that i've had this typed up for over a week, i just haven't gotten around to adding it until today. oooooops! anyway, did anybody notice the subtle change in the number of chapters for this story?!? now there's 4!!!! so you get one more lovely installment of this great story because i made chapter 3 way too long and had to split it in two parts! as interesting as i know you all must find my ramblings right now, i'm sure all you want is to get on with reading the story. so read on loves, hope you enjoy it!
“Well, now that I have a sugar daddy, I figured ‘Why not, it’s Christmas.’” Tony licked his lips, looking at the bottle longingly. “What’s wrong?”
The text from Steve read. Tony sometimes couldn’t handle how adorably sappy the omega was, but it always made him grow impossibly more attached to him. After his talk with Carol, Tony had began to think a little harder about his feelings for Steve. He figured he owed it not only to himself but to their baby as well to be honest about the fact that he was falling in love with the man who was carrying his child. He wanted to pretend as though he had any control over it, and that this wasn’t the case, but with every passing day, it became clearer and clearer.
Tony cleared his throat. “No, it’s fine, it’s just I don’t talk about it very often, but I’ve been teaching there for about three years now. After my...incident in Afghanistan, I came home and changed the direction of the company. Once those changes were made and the company was stable, I just felt like I didn’t have much more to offer them, plus I was bored. So I got a job as a teacher and here we are.” Tony shrugged off the entire statement, but Steve couldn’t help but stop scavenging for scraps to look at him.
“Your cock feels so good, Tony, so fucking good,” Steve looked down at his lover as he spoke. “I love feeling you so deep inside me, filling me up. You’re the only alpha who could drive me wild like this, who could fuck me like this. Your knot is the only knot I need, and I need it,
“Can we open presents now?” Cora whined, bouncing in her seat. “Please daddy. Please, please, please, please.”
Tony directed Carol to the island in his kitchen, where he’d set two plates and two rather large wine glasses.
“Oh please,” Rhodey interjected as he rolled his eyes,“I saw you run crying and screaming because there was a spider in our bathroom just yesterday.”
“How did this become about me? I thought we were talking about you just up and leaving me and Cora behind.”
“Yeah, I was going to leave a few days early to spend some extra time with my family, but I’d be more than happy to stick around and make sure you’re good,” Sam chimed in.
As the two of them stood on that deck, talking the night away, Steve’s mind kept wandering back to that day, weeks ago, when he first agreed to come to Tony's party. For all the griping and worrying that he did, Steve was finally beginning to think that showing up wasn't such a bad idea after all.
Once they parted, they turned to see a woman bringing out some buckets. She quickly waved, before turning to set everything up.
“Of course not! We just listened to the soundtrack on the ride over here… and I may or may not have shown her part of the movie.”
“I just can’t believe I accused Steve of having any part in this,” Tony said, rubbing his eyes with his thumb and forefinger.
“Blonde, buff, blue eyes that would make the water surrounding the Maldives jealous,” Tony rattled off, ticking each trait off on his fingers.
“Well, uh, I guess I can start out saying that I’ve practically known Bucky my entire life. We grew up together, and even lived in the same apartment building. We were co-captains of the football team during his sophomore and my junior year of high school—”
“I can definitely see why you’re interested in him. He seems like a really great guy,” Rhodey stated, giving a knowing look to his friend.
“Oh it's enticing, alright,” Tony leered, attempting to lift the apron to see what was hiding behind it.
Steve leaned down, taking Tony’s mouth in another heated kiss. He tried his best to multitask, unbuttoning the lace shirt as best he could, trying not to spend too much time trailing his hands over every bit of newly exposed flesh along the way. Once the shirt was opened, Steve got to work on Tony’s pants only to have the man push his hands away.
Steve took a moment to let everything sink in. He’d been trying so hard to take care of Coraline on his own, when Peggy had never intended for him to do so in the first place. She believed so completely in the love that he and Tony had that she left her daughter in their care, knowing that they’d be able to give Cora a life that she felt she couldn’t. That realization hit Steve like a ton of bricks, and immediately he thought back to the previous night. He’d been so heartless in how he acted towards Tony, and to kick him out after they’d had sex…
“I should really be thanking you,” Steve offered, with a smile, “I’d have been standing here bored shitless, wiping down a clean bar top all night if not for you! Feel free to come in and save me from this crazy weeknight crowd any time you like!”
“Thanks for sharing such a sweet memory with me,” Steve began, thankfully sidestepping any mention of Howard's A+ parenting. “So does that have anything to do with why me in that sweater was such a turn on?”
Tony sat at his desk looking away at nothing on his screen as he waited for the end of the day. Coulson had come by at some point and asked to speak with him before he left. He never really liked the idea of being called into the boss’ office for a one on one meeting, but Tony knew he’d been doing nothing but his best work lately so it couldn’t have been
“Tony!” Steve called, attempting to sound exasperated but coming off fond. “I know how to walk up stairs.”
“What would you say if I told you that I part of the Stark in Stark Industries?” Tony asked, nervously.
"Well Steve, that would be your baby' heartbeat. And from the sound of it, they seem just as excited to meet you too." Dr. Banner answered with a warm smile.
“So much so that you completely managed to miss the fact that he was trying to tell you that he wasn’t going anywhere.”
"Are you just going to sit on my desk looking pretty all day or are you actually going to do something useful?" Rhodey asked, flicking Tony in the arm.
There was a silence that fell over the room at that. Steve stood there, secretly hoping that he could disappear into thin air at any minute. He surveyed the looks of each friend, noting the sudden look of anger on Bucky’s face.
“Bruce, you said you were hungry, so I brought you to a place with food. Plus, I don’t have the key on me, so I can’t give it back today, but I’ll bring it with me next time for sure.”
The pair of them walked out to wait with the rest of the group in the living room. Steve could feel the uneasiness between Natasha and Bucky almost immediately as he noticed the piece of paper Bucky was scribbling on.
Walking into the apartment building, Tony noticed how charming it was. On the outside it looked like an old traditional New York apartment building but inside it had a modern industrial feel. He wished he could have spent more time looking around at all the little intricacies, but he didn’t have the time.
Steve gave Tony the smuggest look he’d ever seen, and dammit who taught the Captain how to be smug in the first place? Tony internally face-palmed as he realized the answer to his question.
out of the ordinary, though, was that an article of his clothing fit Steve perfectly. This was something that never crossed his mind before, but seeing Steve wrapped in a sweater that covertly told the world he belonged to Tony was enough to make him harder than he'd ever been in his entire life.
“It really depends on how generous you’re feeling today and if you just want to leave the equations up to give the next class a hand during their pop quiz or not.” Tony replied.
“I hope you have a Merry Christmas, Tony. And be safe on the way home,” Steve whispered, wanting desperately to reach out and touch the brunet.
“Enough!” Steve roared as he turned to throw the axe he’d been holding. “What is this, fucking Mambo #5? You don’t have to list every failed relationship I’ve ever had. I get it, I’m a fuck up when it comes to choosing people to love. Can we just get back to throwing sharp stuff at targets and stop putting my love life under a fucking microscope?!”
“Bye bye!” Cora said waving enthusiastically as the two walked to the door.  Before leaving, Bucky turned with a smile. “Oh, and just so you know Tony, Steve is definitely going to hear about this.”
Ever since the conversation Tony had had with Howard, he had been pulling away more and more from Steve, in an effort to make this as clean of a break as possible when he got home. It was harder than he imagined, though, what with all the picture updates the omega would send, and the good morning/goodnight texts he would send every day. Tony wished he could just shut everything off and walk away, but he loved the man who was carrying his baby too much to just cut him out of his life.
Steve took a step forward, smiling as he extended his hand. “Hi, Ben, I’m Steve, I’m the assistant coach with Tony at Midtown High School. This is my first ever meet up and I’m excited to see what everyone’s been working on. Did you bring any bots with you today?”
Tony stepped closer to the blond, taking his face in his hands. He took in every aspect of the man’s face before a huge smile spread on his face.
“Coraline, March 1st,” Tony read, running his fingers across the words, stopping at the baby feet below them.
Tony tossed and turned as he tried to get to sleep that night. After coming back from Steve’s apartment, he went straight down to the workshop. He didn’t say a single word to Happy on the ride home, he just sat in silence, then practically ran out of the car, to lock himself away with his work. He threw himself into some of the more troublesome projects that he had been working on as of late. The kinds of projects that required 100% of his brainpower and left no room to think about anything else.
“Ah, so you’re Tony?” Peggy said with an unsubtle glance at Steve. “Well, I’m sorry that we’re meeting under these circumstances, but it was nice to meet you,” Peggy offered while digging her keys out of her purse.
Peter gave a nod and took a seat at the empty desk. Steve was happy to see the teenager, especially after how things had ended at the robotics meet. Of all the kids on the team, Steve had grown particularly fond of Peter, mainly because of the post team meeting burgers and shakes they’d get with Tony. He’d worried somewhat that after their season, and after the fight he’d had with Tony, that Peter wouldn’t want anything to do with him. Steve was glad to see that he was wrong.
. In such a short explanation, Tony seemed to let Steve in on something that he didn’t much like to share with others: the fact that he wanted to be where he was
“Well...yeah,” Tony answered, returning his attention to the StarkPad in his lap. “I mean he’s the new robotics team assistant coach which is great. We actually got back this morning from a meetup in New Haven. We also went to a work friend’s engagement party together. He showed me around Brooklyn Bridge Park before the party too which was nice.” Tony looked up to see the dumbfounded look on Pepper’s face. “What?”
The elevator reached it’s destination all too quickly, and Tony was forced to move again. He managed to make it to the door, and knock twice.
Everything seemed to happen in the blink of an eye. As the match progressed, Tony stood by feeling like he was bracing for everything to come crashing down. Within what felt like the span of seconds, he watched as Midtown lost the game, then he felt a text message come through.
“Steve, hey!” Tony said loudly, waving as he made his way over. “Don’t you look spiffy,” the brunet observed.
Tony froze at that. Steve had only ever mentioned his money when he was upset, and he wasn’t quite sure what it was he had done to fuck this up so soon.
Steve chewed on his lip while he worked on the sandwiches. “See, I resisted your advances because I figured that you wouldn’t want to take on someone with the kind of baggage I have. And I hate to use that word because Coraline is in no way a burden to me. At all. But I’ve learned that the idea drives people away. I liked you too much for that. I’d rather have you flirt with me and turn you down, than have you run away and act all weird because of it.
“Thanks man,” Steve said, reaching for a napkin. “I think maybe we should head back, I don’t want to impose on you and Natasha, plus I feel like I should probably try to fix things with Cora.”
It didn’t take long for them to spot Natasha and Bucky standing with all of their friends. Once the couple spotted Steve and Tony, it seemed as though their entire friend group turned to gape at them, each one of them smiling.
Tony knew what that meant, that the shorter man just needed space to think, which he was happy to provide. He gave Steve a kiss on the forehead before taking a step back to look at the man. He knew what he wanted to say, wanted to try to convince Steve that this was right, they were right. But he put his feelings aside to give the the blond what he had asked for.
Suddenly, the sound of a throat clearing came from the back of the classroom. Both men turned towards the sound, and Tony quickly removed his hand.
Tony looked at him momentarily before giving an honest to god belly laugh. Steve would have enjoyed how cute it made the man look, if it weren’t for how stupid he felt for asking the question in the first place. “Invisible butler? No.” Tony began, “A.I.? Yes. I built JARVIS and integrated him into basically every piece of tech I work with as well as my house.”
Steve simply replied with a smile and his middle finger, bringing out a small fit of laughter from the alpha. Once he’d stopped laughing, Tony moved to stand up.
. I also got what we need to decorate Christmas cookies or make our own hot cocoa. Really, we can be as laid back or as busy as you’d like. This day is about doing what makes you happy.”
The second he heard them pull into the drive through, Steve moved as quickly as he could, stopping to give Tony a kiss at the top of his head before leaving the house. As he walked to the car, excitement and happiness bubbling inside of him, Steve thought to himself that he knows now, for sure, that Tony is it. The alpha feels like home to him, and he never wanted to let that feeling go.
“This place looks a lot different when it’s not filled with people and decorated for Halloween,” Steve spoke, slowly making his way to the kitchen.
“I did. Everything today has been perfect, Tony,” Steve said with more sincerity in his voice than he’d have liked to admit. He chanced a look at the brunet, seeing the relaxed, easy sense of contentment emanating from him. Steve just took in the beauty of this man, and smiled. “Absolutely everything.”
he quit, I just know that I have the next fourteen days to get him to come back. So, Stark, if you could please get the hell out of my office so I can figure out what the fuck I’m going to do, that’d be great.”
“It’s open,” Steve yelled from inside. Tony took a deep breath, wondering if maybe he could ask Steve to just let him nap instead of making fuss over him. It was only his birthday, after all. It had never really been a special day for his family, so Tony didn’t expect anything more from anyone else.
Taking Mason out of the car, they both began to gush to her about all the different details of the house. They pointed out every single area where she would surely make the best memories, where they would play with her and teach her everything that she knew. Finally, they made their way to Mason’s nursery, where their jaws hit the floor as they took in all that their friends had done.
“You can’t just go around offering coaching positions to people just because you want to bang them, Tony,” Rhodey spoke in a hushed tone.
"It's okay, Steve. All the alcohol or cooked off at this point. The bourbon's only in there for flavor."
Tony found Steve’s sudden shift in behavior odd. But after a moment his eyes went wide with realization. “Steve, honey, no! The sweater is mine, it's not some relic from an ex,” Tony assured him.
“Okay...okay. I’m essentially the only family that Steve has, so I had to come and make sure you knew that our group welcomes you. But if you falter on that promise, to protect Steve and this baby, I will kill you with my own bare hands. Got it?” Bucky asked, with a tone that somehow conveyed both the lightheartedness in his offer of friendship but the seriousness in his threat.
“Just trying to convince Stark that the prosthetic his company made is perfect and that he doesn’t need to keep poking around in my arm trying to make it even better,” Bucky answered, throwing said arm around Natasha’s shoulder.
Tony had managed to make it into the school without incident, but the second he closed his classroom door, he heard someone clear their throat. Tony turned to see Natasha leaning against a counter at the back of the classroom.
Steve smiled up at the ceiling. He may not have been able to see Jarvis, but he could almost hear the light-hearted grin in the A.I.’s voice. Steve started formulating a plan as sleep began to wash over him. When his head finally hit his pillow, he noticed the lights begin to dim.
Steve expected some kind of shock or surprised expression from his friend, but all he got was a warm smile.
Steve wanted to give Bucky the finger, but there was no use in the gesture. He knew that there was no getting out of this party so he had no choice but to just grin and bear it.
He tore through the pastel colored wrapping paper with little finesse. Once he’d gotten down to the box and opened it, he felt he had to hold back tears almost immediately. In his hands was the absolute cutest little pastel purple dress the blond had ever seen. He looked up to survey those around him, wondering if the person who purchased the dress knew that his mother’s favorite color was purple. But upon receiving a slight nod from Bucky off at the far end of the group, Steve knew that this was meant to be a reminder that his mother was there with them, and would always be there with his daughter. He gave a small laugh, making no effort to hid the few tears that fell.
Steve thought about it for a moment. “Well, actually, I did notice a few things in the clips that you sent.”
“Listen, thanks for coming over to let me talk to you about this. I just...I think I’m going to take the rest of the day to get myself together. “
“Hey, just checking to make sure you’re alright...looks like you’d fallen asleep in there,” the man said.
“All this fruit. I bought all this fruit because of how intensely I was craving them, and after two bites...the craving is gone. I have no desire to even finish this!”
“Really? I spend almost every day for the last two months going to lunch with you and you’ve decided to revert back to talking about the
A wave came over Steve as he imagined what Tony must look like at that moment, texting him, possibly from his bed as turned on as he was. Fresh slick came flowing out of the omega almost immediately at that thought. He moaned, not only out of desperation for the alpha in his day dream, but out of frustration as well. Since fully realizing that he did infact have a thing for his new friend, Steve had been looking forward to nothing but this get together. He wanted to see the alpha’s face when he opened his Christmas gift, sit close as they watched his favorite holiday movie and couldn’t help but hope they ended up under some mistletoe. But now none of that would be happening tonight, or possibly ever. What could he say that would make this alright and not ruin his friendship with Tony?
Steve hadn’t had the chance to see Tony since he’d gotten back from Spring Break. He was initially excited when he found out that his boyfriend was back in town, but now he was nothing but nervous.
“All this for lil ol’ me? Steven, you shouldn’t have,” Tony said, batting his lashes, as he piled some chicken and pasta onto his plate.
The second he heard his phone go off, Tony jumped up and made his way to the kitchen to brew a pot of coffee while he got ready. He showered and dressed quickly, managing to have fifteen minutes to spare before he needed to leave for the doctor’s office. As he sat at his kitchen island, taking the time to enjoy his cup of coffee, a text came through on his phone. Tony read the message and smiled, immediately.
“Ok, listen, Pep is right...I fucked up. And when I say I fucked up I mean like I never have before. This is...this is huge.”
“Jarvis, my family's butler, used to bring me here all the time when I was young. Since he’s been gone, I've always found that coming here helps me clear my head.”
Steve tried his best to invite his friend in, but all that came out was a grunt. Thankfully, Sam understood that for the invitation that it was, as he walked in carrying a large bottle of Gatorade and a plate of toast and bacon.
“Ew,” Nat interjected, with a scrunched up face. Steve just raised an eyebrow, looking at her as if to say
“Can we just stop dancing around this, please?” Tony snapped. “I know that what I did was an asshole move, I know I fucked up, and I know I need to apologize to Steve.”
video he found on YouTube, he heard a set of keys rustling before the front door opened. Natasha and Bucky stood there looking down at Tony as he tried to figure out where to actually start with the unholiness that was Cora’s diaper.
“My fault or not, everything with Tony is fucked now and none of it matters anymore, so let’s just drop this and watch a movie or something.”
, Tony thought to himself as Steve laughed about something (Tony wasn’t paying 100% attention; he was hungry and yet again distracted by Steve’s adorableness).
All of these possessive thoughts were beginning to make Tony dizzy with desire. But the need to claim Steve inside and out was only slightly subdued once Tony noticed the worried look on his face. “Is everything okay?” Steve asked, concerned. “You’ve barely touched your food and you’ve been pretty quiet.”
“He figured out what was happening as soon as he saw me, and I asked him to help me. He was extremely respectful throughout, bringing me food and water, making sure I was getting enough rest...it was everything I could have asked for in a heat.”
They managed to pass the time, though, moving all of Steve's belongings into Tony's house. The day the omega was released from the hospital, Tony took him to his apartment, told him to pack his essentials, then promised they would come back to move the rest of his belongings. Steve just laughed at Tony's proposal but obliged. They had spent every single day together since.
Tony knew this was only going to work if he got Cora’s approval, and he wanted nothing more than to get it. Not just because he wanted to date Steve, but because he… there weren’t really words for what he felt for Cora. He’d only met her twice--that first day and their brief conversation earlier--but he wanted to do good by her and her father. Though he barely knew her, he wanted her in his life. He knew he could work his way into Steve’s heart easily, the fact that he’d even gotten a date out of the man was proof enough of that. But to get an almost two-year-old to like him was another challenge entirely.
“Next present!” She said, full of excitement. “Daddy says I’m not suppos’a touch dis one, so you gotta go get it.”
“Tony, I’m a pretty light sleeper. There’s no way I’d sleep through you talking, right by my ear mind you, let alone you rubbing my belly.”
“I didn’t back out and I’m not now. Please, Steve you have to know that I wouldn’t do that to you...either of you.”
Tony felt the burn of hot tears falling down his face the second he was alone. He wiped at them angrily, as he moved to collect his things. He went to wait outside for the car, and as he waited, he couldn’t help but give in to his father’s words. As much as he hated to admit it, deep down he knew Howard was right. There was no way he would be able to give Steve or Mason the life they deserved. With Howard’s words ringing over and over again, Tony made the decision to do what he had secretly always known he needed to do.
“I sat in that waiting room for half an hour, calling and texting you. Hoping you were just running late, that your phone died, that there had been an accident...anything that would explain you not showing up. I wanted so badly to believe that you were trying to get to me, to us, but in the end I convinced myself that this was your way of letting me know that you were backing out.”
Tony couldn’t take his eyes off of Steve as it registered with the blond that his words had been added to the song. Steve turned to look at him, amazed. All Tony could do was smile and nod. As they listened to Steve’s words being sung, Tony took a chance, reaching out for Steve’s hand. The blond laced their fingers without missing a beat, gently squeezing Tony’s hand for good measure. Tony felt like his heart was soaring as they continued listening to the song.
The blond really couldn’t remember the last time he’d taken a day for himself to just walk around and enjoy some really good art. Between working two jobs, and visiting his mom whenever he could, Steve really hadn’t had the time to just do something for himself. He thought about that fact on the way to the museum; the fact that he really hadn’t had a chance to breath as of late. Since taking the bartending job, his finances became significantly less stressful, which Steve was endlessly grateful for. But his more demanding schedule and lack of real, restful sleep had begun to exacerbate some of the ailments Steve suffered from when he was younger.
“Tony came over last night to watch a few movies. We were supposed to go to the museum and a late lunch but since we were both busy earlier in the day we figured a movie night would be a good idea. So he came over, we watched some of my favorite horror movies, and...I ended up falling asleep on his shoulder. Somehow he fell asleep too and we didn’t wake up until this morning…”
Tony’s eyes grew wide at that. He saw the sheer look of nerves on Steve’s face as he waited for a response, and he swore he could feel his heart breaking at that moment.
“Oh Tony,” Pepper said, as she placed her hand atop his. “Why don’t you tell me how the meetup went.”
And in the fleeting second it took Steve to squeeze Tony’s hand, Tony made up his mind, and like he heard Steve’s thoughts he returned the squeeze, too afraid to say the words out loud at first.
Steve was only pretending to be indifferent because he was afraid he'd lose Tony. And Tony understood because his own fears weren't much different.
They both detected a glimpse of hope in each other’s eyes. Like some kind of unspoken agreement happened between them right there and then. Maybe one of them would be brave enough to act on it. Tony wanted it to be Steve, but Steve knew it would be Tony. Tony had always been the one taking the risks, his mind so bright and his heart so warm, that he always got what he wanted.
Was the only thing Tony would say and they’d never talk about it for the rest of the night. Instead they’d talk about future dreams, too ridiculous to ever come true but optimistic enough to make Tony smile at the thought of them. Steve knew from the first he’d do anything for Tony, even ignore things one shouldn’t ignore.
And to that Tony had nothing to say but to gape. Seemingly taken aback, “Wait, what?” was all he offered.
doing by the way. The whole shebang, Steve. And this, between us, is killing me, because if I can’t have you whole I’m going to go crazy eventually and you kn- ”
Steve had him sit on his sofa. The old thing chose this particular moment to squeak like never before, adding even more of a dramatic effect in an already heavy silence. He understood why Tony  wasn’t feeling like talking, so he took this as an opportunity to help him feel safe, protected. Steve grabbed his first aid box and he starting patching up the wounds as best as he could. The bruises he couldn’t do much about, so he decided he’d leave them alone to heal. While finishing up, he found he was disappointed to no longer have an excuse to touch Tony’s face, but that was a conversation for another day.
Tony was twenty at the time. He thought he was so mature for handling it the way he did. These days he's been thinking the mature choice would have been to stay. Work on it.
And just like that they found their pace. The easiness, the honesty and affection in their conversations. They didn’t ever reach awkward, or even boring, they knew each other so well, it was easy to know what to say and what the other one wanted to hear. Steve and Tony both missed that pace.
Steve opened his mouth to speak, hesitant at first. “I want it, too. You, that is. I’m in love with you too,
“Pretty sure the colonel would very happily kill me himself, given the chance.” Steve joked, but they both knew this wasn’t far from the truth. Rhodes wasn’t to blame though.
He opted for the bar where his friend was sitting at instead, but the thought of talking to Tony again was still lingering in his mind, probably would for the rest of the evening.
“Turns out the guy packs a punch.” Tony tried for a laugh as he unintentionally collapsed in Steve’s arms. Trying to fool him never worked, the boy knew Tony like the back of his hand.
Hours later when the lights were low, the music was slowly fading away and the drinks had long been consumed, Steve found himself at Sharon's couch, thinking about Tony again. They had exchanged smiles once, and that was it.
He hadn’t even finished his thought when Steve opened the door, wearing the smuggest smile on his face, because he knew Tony would come back, God damn him.
Tony looked radiant, as always, laughing at something Rhodey had said. When Tony laughed, the whole world got warmer. His eyes got some of their spark back and he looked young, so young. Innocent, like before all the tragedies life had thrown at him. But even then, even when he looked beaten and like every ounce of youth had left him, Tony still looked beautiful in Steve's eyes.
It was great at first, this whole friends with benefits situation. Tony wanted some, Steve was willing to give it to him and neither of them wanted any sort of commitment. It worked like a charm for the first..  two, three months. And then Tony fell in love with him. Sweet, pretty, blonde Steve who was even sweeter than Natasha, or Carol, or anyone for that matter, had said he was.
The air between them was filled with silence once again. Neither wanted the conversation to end, but also fell short of things to bring up that wouldn’t open old wounds. When you once shared your life with someone, Steve thought, you’ve got so much to say that you don’t know where to start.
Steve had to admit the more he entertained the idea, the more he liked it. Him and Tony, away from the monsters and ghosts of their town, starting over somewhere else. That place had never been welcoming  to either of them.
The same back he was looking at then, was the one he was looking at now, five years later, in Sharon's living room. Going to the party wasn't in his plans tonight, but he realized he didn't really have an excuse other than the fact that Tony had been invited too.
Steve understood, he was afraid too. Afaid of repeating past mistakes. But who was he to say no to the man he would bring down the stars for, five years ago and today still? Their hope was brighter than whatever dark ghosts had been haunting their past, so for now, they would indulge their young hearts.
. He thought and tried to prepare himself for yet another entitled kid making his day miserable. When the boy got close enough he spread his hand towards Steve. He then realized the boy was holding an ice cream cone.
Steve realized he should say what he thinks more often because that made Tony smile. It was a half one, but still a smile, so he counted it as a win.
Tony had no idea how he managed to end up in Steve’s bed every time. Well, it wasn’t rocket science, he knew that Steve always texted him, asked him to go over to his apartment and like the idiot he is, he always said yes. What he didn’t know is why he couldn’t ever say no to him. In his defense, Steve was
Sadly, the lingering looks wasn’t the only thing that Steve noticed as they grew older. He also noticed the red marks on Tony’s body, the invitations to his place slowly getting fewer and fewer, the fact that Tony was sleeping over more and more at Steve’s house.
“I thought this was what you wanted.”  Steve started to look concerned—panicky even—like Tony’s determination was finally settling in.
“I did have a good view.” Steve allowed himself to flirt back. For one fleeting moment, it felt like before. Like the life they had built together all these years ago, the one that died so quickly because they were both victims of their circumstances.
Tony wished he was hearing this right, or if he was dreaming, which was very much likely, he never wanted to wake up. Steve loved him too. No more walking on eggshells around each other, trying so hard not to care when in reality they’re both burning inside, aching for one another. Dying to cherish, to hold, to love each other unapologetically.
“We should, grab a coffee, sometime. Or something. If you want.” Tony mumbled in an effort to sound nonchalant, but his eyes were pleading. He was eager to take the leap, but afraid to take the fall all the same.
Steve raised his head, only to realize there he was, the person he's been longing for all night, and also, all his life.
As the years passed, they both realized they might not love each other only as friends do. Though neither of them ever admitted it, they both knew, noticed the looks too lingering to be friendly, the sweet words they kept only for each other. The two boys never dated other people either, and if they did, it was never serious, as if they had made an unspoken agreement that they only belonged to one another.
Be there for them at a time of need? Steve had held Tony in his arms as he cried over his breakup with Pepper, trying not to feel guilty over the fact that he was actually
“Oh, darling, I’m always winning when I’m with you,” Tony drawled, and then burst into laughter. “Sorry, I figured the fans could use a little more of us drooling over each other.”
“Clint, these are the best brownies I’ve seen in a long time!” Mary gushed, and Clint grinned at the praise.
Steve was still a little sweaty and grimy from the mission, but that was all for the better as far as Tony was concerned. He sucked Steve into his mouth, his hands going downward to loosen Steve up. Above him, he could hear quiet whimpers and cries, and he felt a little thrill of pleasure that he’d managed to get Steve to react this way.
“He’s okay, Mr. Stark,” she said calmly, looking at the Avengers assembled around her. “He had several broken bones and a severe case of internal bleeding, along with his other health complications, but he’s stable for now.”
Steve and Tony walked inside the crowded hall, which, to be honest, wasn’t as bad as Steve had figured it would be. There were a lot of people, yes, and the strobe lights and pounding music were making him a little dizzy, but everyone seemed to be on the dance floor already, dancing with their friends and significant others, and Steve was relieved he didn’t have to stop and talk to anyone.
“No problem, Cap,” said Tony, petting him on the shoulder. Steve felt his heart swell, a blush spreading through his body that seemed, oddly, to start at his shoulders.
Since they hadn’t known beforehand what they were going to be asked to bake, every morning for the last few days had found the Avengers being treated to any and all kinds of baked goods, with both Steve and Tony practicing furiously in hopes of winning. The team hadn’t complained — this way, they were getting an unlimited supply of free treats, and as a bonus, they didn’t have to see their unofficial team leaders necking in every hidden corner.
,” he said quietly, almost reverentially. His eyes hadn’t once left the picture, not since he’d opened the box. “I don’t look like that. You’ve made me look better.
As the crowd broke into cheers once more, Steve felt like he’d been smacked in the head. He looked over at Tony, who was wearing the same expression he imagined was on his face as well. This time, it was the boys from the football team who pushed Tony forward, and Tony looked as dazed as Steve felt as he climbed up the stage and accepted the crown from Mr. Fury.
“That’s definitely more of a hot chocolate book,” Tony agreed, and Steve felt his heart leap. Finally! Common ground!
“Well, I guess I’m not an adult then, cause I don’t do any of that shit,” smirked Tony. “I have people to do it for me.” HIs smile slid away when he saw Steve was still fuming, and Steve, although he didn’t know it, looked extremely adorable at the moment. Like a little kitten growling in defense of its home. “Okay, alright. Steve it is.”
“—That we need to talk about? I know. So let’s talk about it, and stop ignoring each other.” Tony flushed, and, in a flash of courage, or possibly madness, Steve reached over the table and grabbed his husband’s hand. “Tony, look at me.” Staring into his husband’s honey-brown eyes, Steve wondered how they had ever gotten to this point. How had he forgotten how much he really loved this man?
They couldn’t get to him fast enough. When Cap was big, they usually only looked for him after the battle, because the serum did a great job of keeping him alive, but now? Every second counted.
Immediately, Steve’s mind flashed onto the millions of homphobic comments he’d seen on social media this past week.
“I might have underestimated the power of the oven,” he said, smiling weakly as the judges moved on to the next table with no comment.
Similar to last week, Thor seemed to be in a complete muddle. Although he’d sped up this time, he was throwing ingredients together randomly, with no sense of order, and Steve could tell it wasn’t going to go well for him.
of our senior year!” He batted his lashes pleadingly in Steve’s direction. “Everyone’s gonna be there, Steve, we’d be total
“In my defense, I really thought you guys were dating and just trying not to tell us,” said Natasha as she stood up to leave. Bruce nodded in agreement.
“I can’t stay in bed with you if you’re not there,” Steve pointed out, giving Tony another fond kiss when he rolled his eyes. “C’mon, honey, you told me you’d go to bed two hours ago.”
“You may eat them now,” said Thor happily, popping a solid piece of brownie into his mouth. Mary recovered her wits sufficiently enough to shake her head, and move onto Clint’s station.
“He spent his whole life looking for you, Steve. You were the one thing he got right. He was obsessed. He never loved me because I was never as perfect as his pal, Captain America.” Tony laughed again, sadder this time. “You know how most parents use the boogeyman or whatever to scare their kids into eating their veggies and cleaning their rooms? Howard — whenever he remembered I existed, anyway — always made it a point to remind me that Captain America was his best friend, and he’d be so disappointed if he saw how Tony had turned out.”
Tony laughed, a sweet, simple sound Steve hadn’t heard for far too long. He’d missed it so much, he realized just then. He’d missed being married to Tony Stark. ”Not the first thing I want to hear after a dramatic apology like that.”
“Oh, shit,” he whispered under his breath, quickly bending down to peer at his brownies. There was no doubt about it: they were overbaked, the top black.
“Oh, please, I’m not a child anymore,” said Peter, with so much hurt and disdain in his voice that Steve felt his heart break a little bit. “I know you still think of me as a baby, but I can
“Well, you will need to study your mother’s recipe again, dear,” said Mary weakly. “I’m sure she never made it quite this… spicy.”
“I’m still not taking the risk,” said Steve shortly. He carried the kitten and let him rest on his shoulder. “I’ll tell him about this when he starts talking to me again. Don’t see why I’ve got to be the bigger person all the time.”
Still, he had to do that exact thing if he wanted Tony to not freeze to death, so he toweled Tony dry as quickly as possible. He stripped him of his shirt and boxers while
This was not at all what Steve had imagined when he’d dreamed of starting a family and being with Tony for the rest of his life, and as he drove the car up to the secluded cabin, he prayed inside that this trip could make it all better.
That became a nightly routine; Steve refusing to have sex and Tony coercing him into it. Tony felt bad, sure, but it wasn’t like Steve wasn’t getting anything out of the deal. Tony was a perfect gentleman and always made sure to stimulate Steve as much as he possibly could. Even if Steve didn’t get a chance to come by the end of the night, well… that was his body’s fault. Not Tony’s.
“Steve… it hurts,” moaned Tony, pouting up at Steve with a hand covering his eyes. Steve had to stop himself from pulling a sketchbook out and drawing this image — Tony looked every inch a renaissance model. Even at fifty.
“This isn’t like a test or a job interview, kid,” said Clint, exasperated. “You don’t have to prepare anything.”
“Stop looking at me like that, I get it,” he said. “We broke up, it was mutual, and you don’t need to worry about it.”
“Well, at least you can admit it,” Tony scoffed under his breath. Steve felt his temper rise, but he didn’t say anything.
Steve shook himself as he walked inside the tower, looking remarkably like a wet golden retriever as the flecks of ice and melted snow slid off his golden-blond hair. He nodded vaguely at the security at the gate and headed inside, internally pitying them; it was only about 7 AM, and this blizzard was already growing to enormous proportions. He could see their day getting a lot worse as it went ahead. It was so big that Steve had to cut his run short, running back to the safety of the Tower before he could finish his customary 25 miles.
“Tony!” he hissed. “C’mon, we didn’t come all the way here and get so wonderfully disguised just for you to stare at your phone all day.” Tony looked up at him, exasperated.
“No.” She looked at him severely. “You almost bled to death, and we didn’t have enough blood on hand to give you. Your knife wound — both the first one and the one caused when it was pulled out — were severely infected and required major surgery to correct, which is why you were ‘out’ for so long. In fact, Captain Roger, I believe the only reason you still have your leg at all is because of the serum.”
“I had a dream that I had mind blowing sex with Steve and I need to talk to you about it RIGHT NOW because I’m freaking out!” Tony blurted all at once.
“Well, you have experience when it comes to sex and I’ve done it a grand total of once and I wanted to make this really special and nice for both of us and I can’t even get you undressed properly.”
Hello again friends! Thanks so much for bearing with us with the updates. I'm beyond excited to finally get to share this chapter with you all, so I hope everyone enjoys it!!!
"I don't see why I can't look pretty and do something useful, but I suppose I'll go do both at my own desk."
“He’s not my type anyway. As I said to Steve earlier today, I’ve got a thing for leggy blonds,” Tony quipped, enjoying the sound of Steve choking on his drink, again.
“Tony… did you… are we going ice skating at Rockefeller Center?!” Steve could barely contain himself at this point.
At first glance, Steve just assumed that he’d misread what was written on the receipt. But after triple checking, he saw that Tony had indeed left him a $1,000 tip.
Steve honestly didn’t know where to begin with this. How was he going to tell his friend that he had feelings for another man?
Rhodey and Pepper looked at each other in that moment. Not entirely sure how to proceed with the conversation, Pepper clapped her hands together and cleared her throat.
“I um…” Steve started, finally turning back to look at the brunet, “I need you to understand something. If nothing else, you need to do right by this baby. I can handle being lied to and having my hopes dashed, but I will not tolerate that when it comes to this child.”
He knew his friends meant well, and truth be told he really did appreciate it. But that wasn’t what Steve was about.
“Don’t worry, I’ll return him in one piece, cross my heart,” Tony replied, marking an ‘x’ over his chest.
Almost immediately, Bucky, Sam, and Clint began shouting out ideas. In that instant, Steve knew it was going to be a long night, but it was going to be well worth it.
Steve could see the quick look that Natasha exchanged with Bucky, before she sat up to give the blond her full attention.
“Ahh, well if you’re up for it, every year I have a get together with Rhodey, Pepper and their mates a few days before Christmas. I insist that we not do the whole gifting thing, but I get them something anyway, and then we each pick a holiday movie and watch all of them. You’re more than welcome to come if you’d like.”
bad, whatever it was. Right around 5 pm, Tony packed up his things and walked over to Coulson’s office, stepping inside once he saw the door was open.
“Would you think I was even more amazing if I said I had a wicked awesome date planned for New Years and all of it was a secret so I can’t tell you what it is until we get there?” Tony asked, excited.
They sat on the couch together, silently,  watching some crime show, intently. Once the episode was over, Carol turned to look at Tony before giving him a slight kick.
Steve understood where Pepper was coming from. Had he been on the other end of this breakup, he was certain Natasha would be giving Tony the same speech. He got why she was doing this, but that didn’t make it any less terrifying. Pepper seemed like a very proper and polished woman, but he knew better than to underestimate a threat like that coming from her.
The room was enveloped in pastel yellows and purples, with a theme of owls and trees throughout. Steve and Tony walked around the room, making sure to show Mason all of the new things that those who loved them had put together for her. She looked at everything with wide eyes and excitement, but began to yawn and rub her eyes as the tour came to a close.
“Well, I don’t know what to tell you, babe,” Pepper said, nudging Tony off of her and readjusting to lay her legs across Tony’s lap, “But if you think it’s worth all this effort, why don’t you just come right out and ask him on a date?”
Steve turned to walk away and Tony was stunned. He figured he could just brush off the couch incident and that would be that. He had no idea Steve would fight so hard and fight for him, no less.
Steve gave Tony a very confused and wary look that only solicited a bark of laughter from the alpha.
“Honey, I think Tony’s a little tired so we’ll have to let him get back to sleep. You gotta say bye-bye now, ok?”
“Alright, good. Now can we please talk about something is, preferably how great my hair looks today!”
Steve could tell that had Natasha been an alpha, she’d have growled at the idea of someone taking advantage of him. For the most part, her being a beta didn’t stop people from treating her as if she were the most fierce alpha they’d ever encountered.
Rhodey looked at him, clearly surprised by that answer. His face softened a bit the moment he realized that Steve wasn't putting on a front, and he let out a relieved breath. “That’s good to hear,” he began. “But all of that...
The brunet said. Almost immediately, Steve felt the vibrator hit his prostate and without warning, he came, hard, moaning Tony’s name. He sat there, trying to regain his breath as the toy continued moving within him. Once he’d regained himself  he reached down to turn it off and remove it, gasping at the sensation. He reluctantly reached over to his phone and typed out a message to Natasha.
It took everything he had not to throw up the second he took the soiled diaper in hand. Once he finally made it to the trashcan, Tony silently gave himself a pat on the back for a job well done.
"Jesus, I never thought I'd live to see the day when I actually welcomed Barton's dumbass remarks," Tony spoke, wiping away a few tears of laughter, "look, just give me a minute, and then I'll lead the class on our little  field trip."
The blond smiled down at his phone, looking forward to Tony’s visit, until he realized that he didn’t actually have a single thing to cook for dinner. He quickly scrambled to his feet to make himself look presentable enough to go grocery shopping. When he was finally ready, he called for a taxi and went outside to wait. Once the cab picked him up, Steve began to run through any and all recipes he could think of but nothing really sounded good. He figured he would just relax and wait until he got to the store to see what he was in the mood for.
Tony couldn’t keep the small laugh from escaping, but once he saw the slightly angry face Steve was sending him, he stopped.
“I was saving the paints you bought me for the right project,” Steve explained as Tony ran his hands over it. The brush strokes. The care. The love that was put into this painting.
It was hours on the couch before Steve finally fell asleep, but when he did, it was fitful and uncomfortable. He woke up with a crick in his neck and an ache in his shoulder. He dragged himself off the couch, grabbing his phone in the process, to send a text.
As the day went on, Steve’s daydreams got dirtier and dirtier, getting him far more worked up than he needed to be in his state. He tried desperately to get himself through this, but with each orgasm, he had Tony’s name on his lips, and the alpha’s knot on his mind. Steve had one hand, wrist deep inside himself, with the other holding onto his dick and pumping for dear life when his phone chirped again. He wanted to ignore it, but he could see that it was from Tony. Sighing, he removed his hands from their current position and took hold of his phone.
The following Saturday, Tony picked Steve up for an afternoon spent at the local natural history museum followed by a late lunch. As they sat down to eat together, Steve couldn’t stop smiling from ear to ear.
Steve wanted to wake up desperately, then. He wanted to jump out of that bed to let the world know that he was ok, and that he wanted to see his baby. He tried, or at least he felt that he had tried, but time and time again, his efforts got him nowhere. Steve felt Tony stand to press a kiss to his forehead.
Steve readily accepted the invitation, knowing that it was something that needed to be done, but more so, knowing it wasn’t anything he wanted to do alone. He’d accepted any and all help from friends in the last few weeks, because though he had been adamant that he could do this alone, he knew that he would need all the help he could get while preparing for Mason.
Tony called a cab, then went out onto his porch to wait for it. Standing there, he started to feel the nerves getting to him. Today was the day that he was going to find out whether he’d be having a son or a daughter and that made his heart beat a little faster with excitement. Once his cab arrived, Tony sent a response to Steve’s text.
“That's an understatement if ever there was one,” Steve said around a small laugh. “I did notice that you really seemed to like the sweater on me…” he said, nervously.
Steve pulled him down, meeting Tony halfway for a kiss. “I think,” Steve began, smiling against Tony’s lips, “it sounds like you've got yourself a deal.”
“So the fact that you want to bang him has nothing to do with it?” Rhodey asked, lips quirked up in a small smile.
