The man came forward to Sherlock and caressed his back with his fingers. Sherlock tried to pull himself away from the feeling and kick the man with his feet, his whole body weight hanging on the rope.
There was a gift box inside. Carefully he took it out and stared at it in his hands. It was an exclusive Caran d'Ache Graphite Line deluxe set, complete with eraser and sharper. It was a set of one of the best pencils available; it must have cost a fortune. Sherlock had bought him a pencil set. Not just any set, but something special. How could he have known that the pencils of Caran d'Ache were his favorite? He never bought something so exclusive for himself, just the normal, everyday pencils they sell at any art shop. But this set was amazing. John opened the box and let his fingers slide over the pencils, neatly stocked next to each other. Beautiful.
"Good for you. Well, let's see. You should install skype or something on that computer. I don't have an intercom at the back, and when I'm working there it would be nice if you could join me in that way. My phone has good reach, even back there."
When he complained about the dullness to John yesterday, the man had smirked at him and told him to make himself useful and do some work around the house. Cleaning, dusting, doing the dishes or even cook something. Sherlock had looked at his roommate as if he had suggested to murder someone. (That would be interesting, but impossible. He would probably be the one called in to investigate the crime he committed himself.) So, instead of telling John that, he just rolled his eyes and had replied.
"I am. My name is Anahita, Nita on the streets. Why are you looking for Sherlock? What happened? How did you know to come to me? Did he tell you about me?"
He took a seat behind his desk and pulled the pencil box out of his bag, putting it at his left side on the desk. Then he studied the object in the center of the room. There was a low bench in the middle of the room. Esmeralda threw a white sheet over it while Sherlock emerged from the small room where he dressed himself. He was wearing his dressing gown, and he looked more like himself than like Gerald with it. Barefooted he walked towards the low bench, and when his eyes met John's, he gave him a small smile. Gracefully he got onto the bench and turned his back towards the students. He sat himself down in a cross-legged position and shrugged of his gown. He stretched his neck before settling his arms on the wooden backrest spreading his arms wide. His long arms made his hands almost reach the left and right end of the object. The pose made his back wider, his shoulder blades more expressive. Sherlock shifted a bit, and brought his left arm up, his elbow still on the backrest, his hand settling itself under his chin. When he was comfortable, he closed his eyes. Esmeralda pulled away the dressing gown straddling his hips, and John could see the posh black boxer he was wearing underneath. When Esmeralda returned with another white sheet, john felt relieved. She arranged it around Sherlock's hips and covered his legs with it, but then she pulled the back down a bit, including his boxers.
The last item inside the box was a sketchbook. It held heavy quality paper inside, with just the right amount of texture he liked. It was of the same brand he used to buy for himself. He always bought himself good paper.
Sherlock was quiet. He had listened intense to John's story. It was sad, really. He could easily picture John how he had been before they've met. John always had been a popular bloke, the one with that big grin on his face, his blue eyes sparkling. People surrounding him, wanting to be his friend. A happy, uncomplicated man with the world at his feet. Loved by many, and in return cared for all of them. Nothing like the arrogant sods who were popular at his schools when he was studying.
"I'm making sure we get a confession out of that fucking arsehole before sunrise." She said as goodbye and left.
"It's nice that you don't need me much this time. It feels like vacation. I like it." John turned his head towards his struggling roommate, giggling at the sight. But suddenly John turned serious.
"If you don't count the infected, yes. Pretty dull. They don't make good conversation. Some of them make noises, but most of them are just quiet."
Sherlock grinned at himself. Yes. He had something to do now, something inside the house, something to help John, and something he knew he was good at.
John stood up from his chair and started to walk wobbly towards the door. Sherlock turned towards Ava again.
John (and all the others) could now see the beginning of the man's perfect arse. When Esmeralda was satisfied with the pose she created, she stepped back and admired the view.
John turned around towards the door and took his coat from the rack. Sherlock could only follow him. He tried not to stare at the man in front of him. Which was obviously impossible at the moment. He just hoped that John wouldn't turn around before Sherlock had managed to wrap himself in his Belstaff so he could hide certain reactions that his body produced at the sight of this 'show-off' John.
"O, ehm.. I'm sorry, Esmeralda, but I just can't. They are personal. I put too much of myself in them. I even never showed them to anyone ever before. I'm sorry."
But I am alone. I am severely dehydrated. It makes me mentally confused, and I have the feeling that I will go into shock any moment. I'm still crying. Hard sobs now, tears running down. I am surprised that there is even enough fluid in my body left to cry. It's selfish, crying over you. But you know me, I am a selfish man after all. You would forgive me for it, won't you?
"Well, if this has something to do with a glow in the dark rabbit, you're to late. Already solved that one."
That evening, when John arrived at the art school he was a bit late. The class would start in ten minutes. Just in time to get himself a cup of coffee and chat up with some of his fellow students. When he walked towards the door, he could see David standing in the shadows, smoking a cigarette.
Slowly, the mist in his head cleared away. John. O god, he needed to find him. He needed to get away from here. He tried to get up again.
"Don't be, John. No one can fix this. I wanted it to be different too. But it isn't. I do want to ask you something. Will you look after him? He needs that. He needs you. Although he will never admit that he does by himself. He's vulnerable, breakable. His heart bigger than he realize's himself. And if I listened good enough to hear the things he didn't say, then you are the one that he needs the most. You are the one that keeps him human. Will you keep him sane, John?"
The only man who had ever seen so much of him, the only man who had made him feel so much. And now he had to deceive him too keep him alive. He had to hurt him. And it had made his heart bleed.
John followed Nita inside the small house situated on Charing Cross Road. It looked less like a crack-house than the other buildings he had visited tonight, but it still was one, of course. Nita seemed to know where she was going and John followed her. He had checked the gun behind his waistband before they had gotten inside here, but he still felt uncomfortable.
So much for rebuilding his shield, then. He could see the look on John's face and he just was unable to keep his air of annoyance and disinterest, as if he was bigger than the emotions inside of his transport. He had tried, for at least one and a half day. But it was so hard. How could he distance himself from his feelings when every time he saw John his heart pounded harder against his ribs? And how could John surprise him with this? It was another piece of the puzzle that was John Watson, And he just couldn't help himself.
Sherlock was still up. His mind too busy to rest yet. He could feel his transport asking for some respite, but he needed to organize his head first. He was pacing across the room, thoughts were spinning through his mind, sucking up every bit of information around him, making deductions on his own.
"You're a bloody idiot not telling me things. You were married to your work, you weren't interested in things like sentiment and emotions. And I believed you. Every time I thought I saw you looking at me with more than friendship in your eyes, I thought it was something I imagined. Wishful thinking. You never said a word.
Outside there were people smoking. With a sigh Sherlock took out a small pack of cigarettes and lit one, putting the package back into the pocket of his jacket. He missed his Belstaff. The jeans he was wearing were not particularly comfortable and far too cold for this time of year, and the jacket was too short to warm his legs.
No need to tell him where he was going, Mycroft was probably following his every step anyway. If Sherlock was at Jenkins' house, John would call him and the Yard to come and arrest that piece of shit. Finally the cab stopped at the address John had given him. He threw a handful of notes to the man and hurried out, to jog the last street. He had been monitoring that address yesterday. (Just yesterday. It felt like days ago.) So he knew how to get to the back alley and he knew which porch was Jenkins'. John's heart rate was just a little elated, his breathing was steady. He was used to moments of stress. He was at his best when he had so much adrenaline and endorphin rushing through his body. His mind was clear, and his hearing sharp.
This was not good. He was hit on his chest again, and on his thighs, abdomen, head, face. Sherlock tried to curl himself up, to protect his body, causing his body to tremble and shiver uncontrollably. He didn't manage to pull his legs up, and his dislocated shoulder made it impossible to cover his head with his arms. He felt the hits with the leather strap and the kicking of the man's boots hitting the back of his legs, bum and back.
He loved to draw, he really did, but he loved the sight and feeling of a squirming and begging and cursing detective underneath him even more.
On the next page there wasn't a portrait, but scenery of a marked place, crowded with people. Sherlock could almost hear the loud voices of the sellers, feel the heat of the Afghan sun on his skin, and the dryness in his throat, caused by the dry desert wind that was displayed in the picture in front of him. The next one was a portrait of an elderly Afghan citizen. Deep lines of life in his face, a few scars and a darker hue of skin tone. The pair of eyes that were staring at him from the piece of paper were clear and full of wisdom. Impatiently he turned the page again, wanting to see more. He saw the face of a soldier. Tears welling up in the man's eyes. The face was shocked, deeply hurt, as if the man was mourning. From here on the drawings became darker, sadder. Pictures of soldiers crying fisted hands and tensed muscles, an empty marketplace. The next one was a portrait again. Sherlock recognised the face as that of the elderly citizen from before. Only now the eyes didn't speak wisdom anymore. The eyes stared at him from the paper, empty, lifeless. After that the sketchbook was empty. Page after page of clean white sheets. Sherlock felt a spike of pain. It felt wrong to end with this picture. After all the beauty the other pictures had shown, the last one only showed negativity, sadness, loss. He put the sketchbook beside him, reaching inside the box for the next one. This one was older. He opened it and saw on the first page an anatomical drawing of a dissected spine. Anatomical correct, of course. The added shadows made it pop up from the paper, giving it a lifelike touch. He made this during his study at Bart’s, then.
John turned around an went looking for two chairs. Sherlock frowned. Typical. He never seems to argue with orders from attractive woman. Sentiment? Hormones?
"Sherlock, I don't have time for your childish games. We need your help." The voice at the other end of the line said.
"Ambulance is on its way as we speak.  The Yard will be informed. My agents will take care of mister Jenkins."
"you have such a marvellous build. Long, slender, muscled. No fat on your body. Sharp cheekbones, angled shoulders, round buttocks. It's almost a piece of art of it's own."
"You know what? I'm going to get our stuff to the hostel. I'll be back within a few hours. Sherlock?" He said while looking at his roommate. Sherlock didn't look up from his phone screen.
With a dramatic sight he took up his chopsticks and started to stir in his food, putting some of it in his mouth. He saw the smug grin on John's face and stopped himself just in time to give him one back. After a few bites Sherlock decided he had enough, and he stood up from the table.
Chest: Difficulty breathing, rapid heartbeat, tight feeling in the chest, flared nostrils when breathing; Partial collapsed lung.
John looked at the man that had talked to him. Skinny, filthy and white as a sheet. He looked more like a ghost than John did.
I always tried to hide the affection I felt for you, scared that it would drive you away. The first time I lied my eyes on you I already thought that you were an attractive man. Although I keep myself from that kind of sentiment, I can admire a beautiful sight when I see one. And you were one. Are one. I thought about forgetting the whole flatmate thing and seduce you, to have you for one night and then to get rid of you. It had been quite a while since I had sexual intercourse, but you were definitely my type. Even though you stated that you weren't gay, I know I could have persuaded you to give me pleasure. But I'm happy I didn't do that. You managed to give me so much more than just one night of gratification, you took it so much further. Not only the package you came into was attractive. You made me see that what's inside you is even more important. That was the thing that made the first crack in my shield. Your smile made my day. I tried to make you smile whenever I could, without you noticing, of course. But it became harder and harder. I taught you to well. You seemed to absorb my deduction skills and to use them whenever you wanted. I'm sure you've seen the affection in my eyes from time to time, but probably didn't notice how deep and real they really were.
John had been afraid that it would take everything he had to keep the detective at home and resting, but he soon discovered that Sherlock was eager to be cuddled and pampered, and when he recovered from most of his injuries, he had a very healthy sex drive. So after a few weeks of stuffing him with cookies, tea and take away, cuddling on the sofa and in bed, Sherlock held his promise and used those clever fingers and mouth for the best.
"No. Well, I don't intent to get naked, if that's what you mean. I already spoke to the teacher. She told me that is was a study of face and torso, so I guess I can keep my trousers on."
"Don't be an idiot, John. Of course you can't act like a teenager. No. These are evening classes, for adults. I need you to act as a course member, take two classes a week for a certain period of time, learning how to paint or draw or something and keep your eyes open for me."
He was bloody gorgeous. The man in front of him was a personification of sex and lust. He looked like a marble statue out of the Era of the Roman Empire, his skin pale and no body fat in sight. John felt his heart beat in his ears, and when Sherlock's eyes found his, he didn't know how fast he had to look down at the white paper in front of him.
"Stupid, isn't it? I still have the feeling that I need to do something for them, feed them or give them some sort of comfort. But I know I wouldn't matter."
“Show-off. Just let's head home and get ready for tonight. I know you; you'll need at least an hour to get yourself ready."
"Well, yes. It's a state of mind. And the pose isn't that hard. Esmeralda told me that you're all doing very well and that next week we will take a new pose."
I somehow managed to finish the surgery before I got outside. I remember it was a hot day. I went for a walk into the dessert, smoking almost a pack of cigarettes, trying to get my emotions under control, knowing I had to go home as soon as possible. I had to make phone calls and make sure that everything was taken care off. I needed to contact Harry, let her know she wasn't on her own with this. I felt so empty, so betrayed in a way. In one day the world took so many of me. The man who looked into my soul and my beloved parents.
Do you have any idea what you did to me? I imagine you don't. Although I like to think that in a way that you did. The way you made my head spin, the way I lost track of my musings every time just because you came into my head to interfere again.
John and Sherlock entered the room that was adjoining the infected laboratory. There was a glass wall between this room and the lab with a door at the left side.
Sherlock had gone in and out of consciousness for more times he could remember. Sometimes he couldn't even tell if he was awake or not. The fever and concussion were still messing with his mind and his transport wasn't listening to him anymore. It shivered and shook uncontrollably at its own will, he had vomited and he even found out that his bladder had emptied himself while he was out. He could smell the urine mixed with the copper smell of blood. Another thing that wasn't good. Not that it mattered anymore.
"I believe it will last for at least eight hours. Did you give the dose that you filled in here?" He asked when Ava entered the room again.
The first time it happened he was standing on the roof of Saint Bart's. He had his phone in his hand and he could see the man standing on the street below him.
"Sherlock?" John asked in the last room of the house. He narrowed his eyes to see better in the dark, but he wasn't there. The others in the room ignored him or looked at him as if he was some kind of ghost. But one man looked up at him.
"I borrowed one from the owners of the hostel. I was bloody worried, not hearing anything from you."
But it was too late. Sherlock already pulled the door of the pub open and rushed outside. John tried to pass David to hurry himself after him, but David blocked his way.
But, there I was. Nearing forty, war veteran, starting to get grey, and hopelessly in love with his very male, very daft roommate. Who had made it very clear from the start that he wasn't interested in any of those things."
Sherlock tried to convince the doctors that he was ready to go home, but it didn't work. John was secretly pleased with that. Knowing Sherlock, he would be up way to soon, trying to occupy that big brain of him. And he was already bored out of his mind after a week of hospitalisation. John was seated next to his bed, the chair shoved as close as possible. Keeping him company, making sure he wasn't going to get up and do anything stupid. And Sherlock was perfectly comfortable with John so close next to him. It did occur to him to get out of bed and to do something stupid, but he rather stayed here with John.
John put the requested food and drink in the hatch before he took a seat and started putting food on his own plate.
Yes. He definitely was. He wanted to understand John. To understand how his feelings worked. But instead of explaining that to John, and reveal to much of his eagerness, Sherlock just nodded.
Sherlock's phone vibrated on the coffee table, the screen lit up for a few seconds, and it went back dark again, a notification light flashing above the screen. If Sherlock got home before John did, he just hoped the man would listen to him for once in his life. John put on his coat, pushed his phone into his pocket and the gun between his waistband. He rushed out to get a cab that would take him to the nearest drug den at Govent Garden.
"Well, once, but that was said by a psychopath who was trying to make me kill myself. Most people can't stand me, actually."
"I'm going to kill him. I'm going to fucking kill that arsehole." John muttered under his breath. Looking at Sherlock's face. He felt anger rise up and hoped that the man would walk in through that door this instant. He would kill that man with his bare hands. Despite his angry words his hand carefully stroked Sherlock's hair. The soft curls whirling them self's around his fingers.
"Me? As an art student? Have you seen me lately? I'm not sure if I can manage to look like an eighteen year old anymore."
After almost one and a half hour, John emerged from the room where Sherlock lied, and walked into the waiting room.
Dislocated shoulder: the humerus separated from the scapula at the shoulder joint. Cartilage, muscle, and other tissues stretched and torn.
"You are telling him something else first, and you don't know how he is going to respond to that. If he responds reluctant, you will go and never tell him what happened. " Mycroft deduced.
“Since when are you in there?” John asked her, putting the chairs across of her at their side of the glass.
They did talk about the case. They were able to pick up files from all the twelve students participating the course, thanks to Sherlock's skill of hacking the Yards network and that one (or two) from his brother. Although John had the slightest presumption that Mycroft let his little brother break in into his system, as long as the information he needed wasn't too confident or dangerous. But John kept his suspicions for himself, not wanting to get Sherlock into a tantrum while he was in the middle of a case. As far as John could tell, the man hadn't slept since Thursday, acting like the hurricane he was, making deductions and pacing across the room, clearing his mind by thinking out loud and talking to John. John tried to push him to get some rest, just to sleep for some hours, but Sherlock declined, as usual. They worked the case almost non-stop for four days now, giving John some respite of a four or five hours of sleep each night. And when they finally managed to rule out all the other students and came to some sort of conclusion, John collapsed into his bed on Monday evening.
"I managed to do this in the past. But only with people I felt a special connection to. People who got close to me, hit me in some way, I guess. But I never managed to get it so much like this before."
"Right..." He managed to get out. Focusing back on the novel at his lap and putting the mug with tea back in front of his face, hiding most of it.
"First, I'll make sure none of the subjects are alive, which is only Beth and then, you and me are going to destroy everything about this failed experiment. All the files, all the samples, everything. I want to prevent this becoming some sort of biological weapon at any costs. No one can ever use it, not even bloody England. And you, my dear, are going to help me do it."
John's heart broke. Tears were running down his face, and it felt as if the butterflies in his stomach had committed mass suicide.
Christ! He was never going to be able to sleep again when his mind was focused on Sherlock. He really should stop thinking about his roommate. The possibility that this genius, cocky, self-centered, wanting to be sociopath whirlwind of a man had a soft spot for a forty year old, short, retired army doctor were nil. And he definitely wasn't going to push his luck. Scared to lose this marvel that had become the most important thing in his life now. He already lost him once and that had been unbearable. John just had to keep his emotions at bay and try to not scare Sherlock off. That was something he could do. He already managed to do it for the last four years. No big deal.
Of the twelve students there were already five that got off the hook. At first sight, they weren't taking the course long enough to have anything to do with it. The rest needed more research, but there were three people that had their priority; David Wolf, the young man outside who gave Sherlock a cigarette, Marc Jenkins, the middle aged man that held himself absent from the rest of the class, and Liam Murphy, who was sitting at the desk next to John.
Sherlock looked his friend in the eyes and all he could see was worry and care. He felt the tears coming up again and tried to fight them back.
He was trying to get his weight on his toes, so his hands would get some more blood. He already couldn't feel his fingers. He really needed his fingers. They were important.
"That ain't necessary." A high pitched voice behind them said. Nita and John turned around, to see a small sixty something woman. She was wearing two coats and several scarfs. She winked at John and grinned her ugly teeth bare.
"I'm done. This man is so enormously dull. If I don't get some action fast, I'm falling asleep behind the wheel here."
"Sod that. I want my lips on you, my fingers. I want to rub up against you, make you squirm and moan."
"Now I'm pissed." John said, lying on his back on his bed, still fully dressed, while Sherlock was trying to get his pyjamas on.
"Don't worry. Havn't seen 'em high in years. But he ain't here. You should go and talk to Nita. She knows 'im best."
While John was getting his coat, Sherlock was already fully dressed, stepping out of the small room connected with the classroom. John could see that he was still wearing the tight jeans, and before Sherlock could pick up the fact that he was staring, John blinked his eyes and looked out of the window. It seemed like it had stopped raining, he absently thought.
"And while I wait for the kettle to boil, I'm going to make sure you are lying comfortable. I'll sit next to you on the sofa, and I'll start getting your shirt open, one button at the time, and I'll do that with my mouth on your neck, kissing and tasting you. I'll rub my fingers against your nipples. How hard can I get them? Maybe I'll pinch them a bit, just to hear you moan. I'll push your shirt further open, and I will work my way down with my mouth from your neck towards your chest, letting my tongue play with your left nipple, my fingers with the right, before they go down a bit further."
It was perfect! They could go to the art school together. John could pretend to be a student, while he could act as a model himself. He fit the description and he had no problem with sitting still for long periods of time. He emailed back to the director of the art school that he accepted the case and his demands, and within five minutes he got a reply back. That was settled, then. Sherlock turned away from his computer to look at John. He was sitting in his chair, tired from a long day at work, reading another dull novel, sipping from his tea.
His breath got stuck in his throat. His eyes scanned the pencil stripes on the paper in front of him. He saw the shadows created with more or less pressure, the absence of pencil where there had been hard sunlight. He stared at the portrait in front of him. He saw the hint of a smile drawn on the perfectly shaped face; he even saw the shine on the dog tags that were drawn around the soldier’s neck. It was gorgeous.
He closed the door and he could hear it lock. Ava opened the other side, took the pack out, and held it against her nose, inhaling deeply.
Sherlock didn't even try to hold back his tears. Instead, he turned towards the screen in front of him, his vision a bit blurry. He did as she asked. He pressed the combination she had told him to ignite the fire.
"I'm going to make a call." He informed John while leaving the room with big steps. He slammed the door behind him, and John flinched at it.
Nita started walking again, John next to her. They walked around the area, looking in dead end alleys, underneath the bridge and in several abandoned houses.
Sherlock lasted for more than two hours now. Letting everybody take their time to sketch, paint and draw. And it was because of Esmeralda that they stopped the lesson of this evening. The first thing Sherlock did was pull up his boxers (thank god) And he reached for his dressing gown before standing up and turn around towards John. When he saw the sweater he was wearing he frowned. John shrugged and looked as innocent as he could, getting an eye roll from the man in front of him that made him smile.
"Is that so? How can I be sure you're a friend of hers? You don't seem like the type she usually hangs with."
A small woman came standing next to the man named Bern, she was about thirty years old, and definitely a heroin addict.
"Mycroft. I found him... Yes, but barely, he's losing the battle. I need an ambulance, right now. And the police. We're in his atelier behind the house. Suspect is probably sleeping inside the house... I'm going to kill that son of a bitch!...Yes, of course... I'll do my best... I will. Just... Hurry, Mycroft. "
Sherlock had no idea what was coming, but as soon as the first strike hit him, he braced himself for more.
John walked with him outside. Standing in front of the hospital, Mycroft gave John a cigarette and handed him a lighter.
Sherlock knew that if he refused now, John would get really angry (the not good one) and Sherlock wanted to prevent that. Tonight John was going to draw again, and he didn't want to spoil it for him.
After a few minutes of waiting and observing, he slowly started moving again, sure that he didn't wake up anyone, and reached the door of the atelier. It was closed with a lock. John grimaced at the familiarity of the type of lock and reached inside his pockets. He took out a small pack with Sherlock's lock picking kit, glad that he had taken the time to learn from him. John wasn't as fast with it as Sherlock was, and he definitely made more noise than he wanted to, but eventually the lock clicked open. Pushing back the impulse to storm inside, he put his ear against the door, listening if he could hear anything. He rather not wanted to walk in and come face to face with Marc. But all he heard was silence.
John cried out loud. He cried for the pain his friend must have bared. He cried for the fact that he couldn't have spared him from it. He cried for all the bruising's on the man's body, all the swellings, all the ruptures underneath that once beautiful skin. He cried for the fact that he hadn't been here for him. He cried for the fact that he lost him.
John just couldn't put his finger on it, but the easy flow that had been part of their relationship for the past few weeks had shifted somehow. It was like it had been before, when Sherlock had just returned from the dead. He had shut himself off again. He kept his distance, seemed uninterested in the things John (or anybody) said, his mind quicker than ever and his tongue even sharper. John had told him about the incident with the coffee, to explain himself why he was wearing David's sweater Tuesday night. (He did leave out the part of the man watching his torso and seeing the man getting aroused.)
"Smug bastard." John muttered, getting even more blush on his cheeks and another laugh in return. Sherlock was looking at the works of the students.
"Negative until now. My last attempt is in quarantine now, I can't work on it before tomorrow end of the morning."
When John came back downstairs, Sherlock looked up at him. John was wearing jeans that left nothing to the imagination. It clenched around his arse like a second skin and made his thighs look even more hard and trained. When Sherlock saw the shirt John was wearing he couldn't help but smirk at him. The smooth fabric of Sherlock's dark blue shirt was tight around John's chest. As a doctor and former military man he kept himself fit. He ran at least three times a week and he got to the gym near his doctor’s office regularly. Sherlock knew this, obviously, but he had no idea of how fit his roommate actually was. Normally John wore his horrible, dull, comfortable jumpers, and when he had a special occasion, he would wear a loose shirt or vest. But he definitely never wore something like this. He wasn't the man to show off. John was muscular, trained. John's chest was brawny and wider than his own, as were John's upper arms. He had the sleeves of the shirt rolled up to just above his elbows, and the shirt was tugged into his jeans.
Maybe you start a family with her, becoming a father, a husband. I would hate that, to be honest. But then again, if it makes you happy, I'm happy too.
"The doctors say it will at least take another four weeks before my testicle is healed properly. Until then I can't have any sexual intercourse."
"I cried myself to sleep that night. And I didn't bother to get out the next morning. When I finally managed to face the world again that evening, I went into my livingroom and found a single note on my table.
They kissed again. Just as soft and careful as the first time. And when John pulled back, he wrapped his arms tighter around Sherlock. It felt as if he never wanted to let him go again. And that was exactly what Sherlock wanted.
The second house was empty. As was the third. But the forth one was crowded, and he almost got into a fight about his presence in the house.
Even though John was in a hurry, he knew he needed her help to find him. He was curious about the woman's story and maybe she did have some information for him.
"Daniel got to close and ripped it off. He managed to chew off his hand, or, I think he did. That way he got loose. I had to put him down last night."
David was standing straight up from the wall he had been leaning against. He looked a bit embarrassed when he looked at Sherlock.
"God... What did he do to you?" The angel mumbled. He felt him putting the jacket back over his torso. A hand gently touched his forehead. Yet, he whimpered at it.
Mycroft dropped his cigarette and put it out with his foot. He turned towards the hospital doors and went inside, leaving John behind.
"God damned! Don't you bleed on me! Where not on that stage yet! You're ruining my work! You idiot!" The man stamped away, returning with a cloth which he pressed hard against his mouth, to stop the bleeding. When Sherlock tried to pull his face away to get more air, Marc set his knee onto his dislocated shoulder, making him growl. When the cloth was taken away from his lips, Sherlock inhaled as deep as he could. He needed air!
The three of them ate, laughed and drank, telling each other big stories, making fun of Sherlock ("No way! Did he really say that?") Talking about their cases ("Really? You sure you didn't made it up?") and about their every day life. (A real skull Why?) When Sherlock went out to smoke and get some fresh air, Ava poured herself another wine.
It was the third time he cried in all of his adult life. And it was the third time he cried because of John Watson.
"There was a fire. I've been wandering in the smoke." Sherlock said when he noticed John's stare. He pulled his coat off and dropped it in the nearest chair.
"Yeah...Must be that ridiculous mop of curls you have, gorgeous. You take a seat and go ahead looking at the last test results, I'm going to get coffee. Back in a minute."
Marc chuckled and walked around to face Sherlock's front. Sherlock could see the man had some sort of wide belt in his hand that he used to slap him with.
Left Shoulder: Swelling, Intense pain, Inability to move joint, tingling neck, spasm in muscles due to disruption, increasing pain; Dislocated shoulder.
"Back again?" The soft voice asked him. Sherlock refused to answer. Instead he was trying to get his weight on his toes, so his hands would get some more blood. He already couldn't feel his fingers. He really needed his fingers. They were important.
John's voice had gone soft, just a bit more than a whisper. And Sherlock could see him getting pink again. His heart stuttered at the sight and for a moment he was lost for words.
He finally made a friend. Not just a friend, no. He found himself a best friend, a pal, a partner. A man who didn't question him, who laughed at his tantrums and dealt with them, someone who listened to his deductions without judging him and calling him a freak, but praised him instead. A man who saw all of him, and still hadn't run away.
"I don't consider myself gay. I just happen to have fallen in love with a man. Never planned on it."
Sherlock grinned at himself. Yes. He had something to do now, something inside the house, something to help John, and something he knew he was good at.
John's hands went further down and he began sucking the man's neck, dragging his tongue over that long pale piece of skin, biting him just above his shoulder. Getting Sherlock squirming and begging, just as he liked him.
John's mind was racing. He needed to know what the man's motives were, to find out if he had an alibi, or even more extreme, get a confession. Best to go along with it, then.
He had to repair his broken shield. He had to try and glue the pieces back together, become the man he had been all those years before his fall, before he met John. Even if it meant that he never could be himself to the fullest.
He wished this would end, but he didn't want to die. Not yet. He needed to say to John that he was sorry.
He sighed as he sat down in his own chair, making a soft noise of comfort, his bare feet facing the fire on his left. Sherlock watched him for a moment before focusing back on the papers in his lap. He had everything he could find about the three suspects printed out, and he was scanning the documents now. As he worked his way systematically through all the files, he deduced that Liam Murphy was probably off the hook. The man had been abroad working for the government at the time two of the victims disappeared.
John stood up and walked into the living room, so he could hear the voice of Mycroft coming from the phone better.
"The last CCTV image of him was at Charing Cross Road heading towards Bearstreet. We lost sight of him there."
John's legs gave out on him, and he slid down the wall he had been leaning against until he sat on the ground. His butterflies were shocked, trashing against the walls of his stomach, and one seemed to have bitten himself into his heart, holding on for dear life.
He had seen John's cheeks getting pink with anger, and he had felt his stomach twist at the sight. He loved it when his roommate skin turned colour like that. That was another thing he didn't tell John, for obvious reasons, of course.
Silence. Did that mean that Sherlock finally slept? He listened intensely for any sounds coming from downstairs. Nothing. It was about time. That man drove himself to far sometimes. They had another art class to attend tonight, and it was for the best as the model wasn't going to fall asleep while the students were observing him. Tonight they would start a new pose. Sherlock already had contact with Esmeralda, (really getting too much in character there) and it was going to be a back study. As if his heart hadn't suffered enough already. He had seen Sherlock's back before, of course. He even stitched it up on one occasion. It was just as beautiful as the front of the man. John clenched his fists in his blanket.
"You want me to call him and tell him that everything is under control? He'll know something is up when I call him. And things are definitely not under control, Ava." Sherlock said angrily.
"Well, I'm just going to mingle, if you don't mind." John said, nodding his head towards the other students, raising one eyebrow. Sherlock smiled encouraging and watched John walk towards the others, leaving him by himself.
"I really need to disagree with you about that, John. I can assure you that I was completely aware of my actions at that time."
He shouldn't be up, and definitely shouldn't be walking with crutches with his shoulder, or knee, or ankle. Sherlock didn't care. He sat himself up in his bed, ignoring the pain of his bruised ribs, and he swung his legs off the bed. He reached for the crutches next to the bed and stood up. He stumbled towards John, slowly.
He let his mind go back to think about the pencil in his hand, the way it felt so familiar. And when he opened his eyes again he could see it. The man in front of him was no longer his way too attractive roommate, but he was like a statue, existing out of light and dark. John looked at it and put his pencil down onto his paper.
He saw the detective close his eyes, and John's gaze went over his body again. He couldn't touch him. Not without anesthetics. Doctor Watson mode finally kicked in and John started to catalogue the injuries.
"Only god knows why, but yes. Yes, I do. I need to find him. I thought he was angry with me, but now I think he panicked.
"Don't be an idiot. They're dead. And if they're not, we need to kill them, before they spread the virus."
"I want to thank you for getting your boyfriend to sit for us. It's hard to get a good model these days. Well, I won't keep you from starting. You seem eager enough. Will you start with a sketch?"
He went to get his pack of cigarettes (which he had hidden for John, of course)  And lit one up. He stopped his pacing across the room and went to stand in front of the window, looking out at the almost empty street below him, pulling on his cigarette, enjoying the taste.
Sherlock asked. John didn't lift his head from the mattress. He sat in his usual chair next to the hospital bed, and he had rested his head on his arms onto the bed. Sherlock was softly massaging his skull.
"Eh... Everything? I can take and analyze blood-samples, skin-tissue, brains samples, and there's even an MRI scanner in the back. But it's hard work on your own like this. No one to talk too, no one to ask questions or opinions. Although I have everything I need to research and work, I am feeling a bit sorry for myself that I can't have a proper bath or sleeping space or a good conversation. So you're a good distraction. But lets cut to the chase. How on earth are you two going to help me? I mean, a Doctor and a Consulting Detective? I need lab people. chemist's, brainiacs."
"Gerald! I'm glad you..." John started, but when their eyes locked, John's words got stuck in his throat. This wasn't Gerald, this was definitely Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes were extremely pale, and they looked furious. There was a fire burning in them that would burn the toughest man in the room down to a pile of ash with one look. Sherlock took two big steps forward and forged David with his body to let go of John's hand. John reacted confused and turned his body towards Sherlock's, forgotten the fact that he was supposed to act like he was somebody else, and Sherlock took the opportunity to wrap his arms around John and pulling him aggressively against him, a low growl coming from his throat. John felt Sherlock's hands gripping his arse possessively and the tall man tilted his face down, looking John in the eyes.
"Your boyfriend, John. He's a bit of a quiet man, is he? I've looked over his shoulder Tuesday to see what he was creating, and from the looks of it, he knows what he's doing. But he doesn’t want anyone to see his work. What's the deal with that?"
This house was not as crowded as the previous one, but there were still a lot of people inside. People were laying on the ground, high as a kite, but when John saw a woman that was still capable of talking he approached her. She was about Sherlock's age, and was wearing a big, filthy coat (although not as filthy as the others he saw around here), her hair was cut short and looked brown.
At that moment the door opened again, letting in two paramedics who knelled down next to Sherlock and immediately started their work. John started to explain what he already had found out about Sherlock's condition. When he mentioned the ruptured testicle's and the dislocated knee, Greg turned white as a sheet. The paramedic listened to him while working, and nodded.
"Thank you, John. There had been a study done there to investigate the brain cells and the way they work. They were working on a medicine to help comatose patients to recover sooner and with less brain damage. But somehow there was an mutation in the developed medicine. They were testing it on apes, but one of the laboratory technicians got bitten by the animal and showed some... disturbing effects on this bite."
Two other paramedics arrived with a stretcher and the man John talked with gave Sherlock an IV. Sherlock began to spasm again. Moaning, trying to get away.
"I tried to deny it to myself. I wasn't gay. I never fell in love with a man before. I'm not attracted to male body's. I still don't. But you're my exception. God, that long limbs and graceful movements. And your hands, the're gorgeous. And your lips and your eyes and that ridiculous mop of breathtaking curls... You had me questioning my sexuality within forty eight hours, and you got me wanking on you within two weeks. If you would have told me that a year before, I would have laughed about it. I was Three bloody Continents Watson. I shared my bed with more woman than I can count, and I enjoyed all of it. I loved it.
"Sherlock! This is amazing! Wow! Thank you. I'm getting pissed tonight and I'll eat myself nauseous on those cookies. You want to watch?" She grinned at him.
Sherlock's lips were plush against his own. Still a bit swollen, but warm and inviting. Sherlock's hand went from the top of John's hand to the back of John's head, keeping him in place and to intensify their kiss. He stroked his tongue over John's lips, asking for permission, and John opened his mouth for him. For the second time their tongues met. And they both felt a sparkle in their body's. After almost a minute, Sherlock's body began slightly to tremble, and unfortunately for him John noticed it. He pulled back.
Sherlock put on his socks and shoes and tried to act normal when he entered the classroom. John was just putting his last gear away.
John bent down until his lips met Sherlock's. And very softly and sweetly, trying not to hurt him, he kissed him.
"My body is used to higher dosage." Sherlock replied hoarsely, opening his eyes and blinking against the black spots trying to take over his vision.
Sherlock sat down on his own desk, his face towards the glass. He looked at her, a small sad smile on his face. He put his hand against the glass. After a few seconds, Ava did the same.
We went on like that for more then two years. Him using, overdosing, disappearing, coming back again, using, getting clean, being the posh detective, building his homeless network with me, he even encouraged me to get clean. I did. Then he started using again, came back to live with me and I took care of him, until he overdosed again. The last time that happened, I called his brother as I did before, but I also called his detective friend from the police. This wasn't the life for him. He was too smart for this. He got me clean and I wished the same for him. They came to pick him up and I thought I would never see him again.
They studied the samples again, looked at the cells underneath the microscope, (still not pairing, which was good) and they even had dinner together. When John entered the room they were both sitting with their noses against their screens, discussing the best way to inject the subjects.
"Yes. But probably not so intense as him. You can almost feel it looking at your work. You can see the admiration. If your drawing's are your diary, then this is an ode. A tribute to your heart, to the fact that you can love someone like that. And that's something you should be proud of."
"Mellon, thank you." John interrupted the old lady, getting another wink from her and she shuffled off.
"No. I'm serious, Sherlock. I don't want any of us harmed. So we'll go, have a look, stay behind barriers, solve the thing and go back to London. You understand?"
"Zombies John! Zombies! We can go to that nice hotel we where in last time, and I already nicked Mycroft's all access card , so we don't have to wait."
John felt at Sherlock's forehead again. Still burning. Where was the ambulance? How long ago had he called Mycroft? He checked his phone. Ten minutes. They could be here any minute. They probably had to wait until the Yard or Mycroft's agents had cleared the house. John's fingers stroked Sherlock's hair again. God, he loved this man.
"Fortunately, I've been working on some things myself. You can open the spreadsheet on my computer."
"I bet he doesn't. I want to help you. Well, I want to help Sherlock. He did so much for me, it's the least I can do for him. But because you say he never tells you anything, I need to tell you a few things first."
"It's good that you are awake, I'm going to prepare you, and that is so much more fun when you can enjoy it too." Marc said, stepping to the right side of the dimly lit room. He started to move something and Sherlock felt the bounds on his arms pull upward. He was hoisted up until his toes barely touched the ground.
"It does, doesn't it? He also had a collapsed lung, severe bruised tailbone, dislocated shoulder, sprained ankle, bruised ribs, severe concussion. They were afraid that it was an severe traumatic brain injury. But scans showed that it's a severe concussion. His whole body is covered in bruising's. But he's going to make it."
The angel should be pleased to know that he had seen him and acknowledged him. But the angel started to cry again. Big tears rolling over his cheeks. Poor thing. He wanted to hold the angel in his arms, to comfort him and tell him that everything was going to be alright. But instead, his body trembled again, causing pain, making him black out once more.
"You think so?" He replied, his voice just a bit lower than usual, raising one of his eyebrows slightly. He could see the interest in David's eyes.
John held the soaking jumper from his chest, careful not to burn himself, and hurried out to the bathroom down the hall.
"I've been told so, yes." He answered, his voice cracking. He was on his elbows now, just get his legs underneath him and he could run off. He took a deep breath to steady himself. It hurt his ribs. Marc was in front of him now.
You are a marvellous man, John Watson. Please live your life to the fullest for me. Love the people around you the way only you can, with all your heart. I just hope you'll think about me from time to time, remembering your mad roommate and the adventures we had, and that you smile about it. Please, don't forget me.
How long had he been here? Hours? It felt like hours. He had no idea how long he had been unconscious. He tried to make a time scheme. The moment he had been taken into the car at Bearstreet. That had been around eight o'clock. The ride towards the man's house was less then ten minutes. He knew the address, of course. Bringing him in and get him undressed and bound would have taken at least another ten to fifteen minutes. He didn't know how long it had taken for him to wake up from the drugs that was injected in his neck. Let's say, another ten. So, thirty to forty minutes since the injection. Another thirty or forty minutes before he passed out the first time. No way of knowing how long he had been gone. Long enough for the man to torture his body further. So lets go with twenty minutes. second beating lasted for about twenty five minutes before he passed out. He had been out longer this time. Long enough for the man to finish his first painting, lower Sherlock down and untie him, torture him a bit more, and to lay him out into a new pose. So, probably thirty to thirty five minutes. The last one was a long one, about forty or forty five minutes before he passed out again. He had no idea how long he had been out. This wasn't good for his brain. He should try and keep conscious now.
"No, Sherlock. It's terrible. And I think it's sort of... therapeutic, for me, I mean. I rather keep it for myself, if you don't mind."
She turned back around and winked at John before talking to the class. But John didn't hear a word of what she was saying. That arse was fucking distracting. He could imagine the jealous look that David would have on his face now. Christ. John would be jealous of himself too, if that arse was his to touch. But it wasn't. And it definitely wasn't David's to touch either.
Maybe you're still at Bakerstreet, caring for Mrs Hudson, helping Lestrade with your own deduction skills. You're quite good at it, actually, but how could you not, you learned from the best.
The pub was crowded already. The men went towards the bar and John ordered them both a pint, much to Sherlock's aversion. They went to stand at the left end of the bar getting a good view at the whole pub. Sherlock was scanning the room, while John looked at the people going in and out. They talked a bit about nothing in particular, but half an hour and two pints later, Sherlock decided to go out for a smoke.
Sherlock looked a bit piqued at her but he got up and went for his coat. John watched the scene in front of him. Sherlock wasn't the man to take orders from anyone. But he gave her the same look as he have John when he gave into something that John had said. John looked back at the woman behind the glass. She was getting her things together and glanced one last time on her screen to see what the cells were doing and she looked up at John, a sad smile on her face.
I thought I'd seen you once or twice while taking apart this network. One time I even approached the man who I thought was you. I thought you managed to figure out my deceiving and followed me. But when I touched his arm and he turned around he didn't even look like you. One part of me was glad that he wasn't you, the other part was very disappointed. I feel I have left a big part of myself behind in London. No, not just London, I left it with you. You are the part that I miss in myself, the part I needed to return too, so I could be whole again.
When Sherlock recovered from his unconsciousness, he tried to lift his head. It felt heavy and swollen, and he noticed that was difficult to open his eyes. Marc must have hit him in the face when he was out. He tried to move, but his whole body felt sore. He growled.
John searched the street for an empty cab, got in, and sat with his phone in his hands staring at the screen for the whole thirty minute cab ride. He had been running around for hours. He looked at the time on his phone. It was almost half past two in the morning now. Sherlock had run out on him at eight forty five. Almost five hours ago.
Right. Shadows. He tried to clear his head and not to look to much to that amazing arse in front of him, and started drawing the left shoulder.
He had given up. Somehow this man had broken him down in just a few hours, reduced him to a pathetic hump of pain of what once had been a human man. It was no use. Even if he managed to get his ankles and wrists free, he still was unable to walk. He wasn't even able to move at this moment, or control his bladder, and the longer he was laying here, the stiffer his body got. The pain had become a dull throb, unless his body shivered again. Then his injuries flamed up again, and he would pass out.
"It's Sherlock. Of course he never said anything! Not to me, or anybody else I know. Don't let anybody even think that the posh all knowing detective is human after all, that he cares."
"Well, you go and do something with paper and pencils, keeping an eye on the other students and chat or something, while I pose for the class. I can't talk or anything, I need to sit still."
He started hitting him again. Hard, fast, and over and over on the same places. When Marc hit his testicles again, Sherlock cried out, wishing he would black out again. The man was ruthless. He whipped and slashed his body with the piece of leather, and when he hit him with it in the face, he finally passed out again.
Finally, they came across a couple of homeless people. They were at the end of an abandoned alley, warming their selves around a small fire. Eva and Ley where there too. Nita suggested with her hands that they had to come with her, parting them from the others.
He heared himself moan and beg the man to stop, pleading for some kind of mercy, hating himself for it, but he couldn't help himself. He never begged. When Marc walked around him and hit him again, he managed to curl up just a bit more. When the man kicked against his dislocated knee, the world finally went black again.
Sherlock was still sitting in his chair, looking into the fire, but not seeing the flames. Was there another connecting element between the victims? They were all of a certain age, they were fit and tall, and they all had been sitting model for an art class. Two of them were gay, one single and the other in a long term relationship. The other two were straight, one of them married, a father and a schoolteacher, the other one was the youngest of them, barely thirty years old, wild lifestyle, an artist himself. What was the thing that triggered the killer? What had caught this man's eye? Had he been watching them as he was watched himself when he sat there? He should focus on the other students as well when he was posing. Not just John.
"You kept dating." Sherlock said to John. John gave him an half smile, softly squeezing Sherlock's hand he was covering with his own.
John took the stairs to 221b twice at the time and opened the door of their apartment. It was dark inside.
"Everything. I want to know what kind of sounds you make. What makes you whimper, moan and beg for more."
John was in the cafeteria having a boring conversation with Marc Jenkins. The man wasn't a talker, and John had to pull the words out of him. They talked about everyday stuff, the weather, cars, and so about the new car the man had bought.
Sherlock woke up. He moaned. He was laying on the cold ground now. He felt his heartbeat burn in his fingers and groin. He felt his whole body burn, now he thought about it. This was just tedious. He tried to open his eyes. They must be swollen. It took too much effort, but he tried it anyway, getting one open a bit. The lights were still on, and he could hear the brushstrokes against canvas. Was the man working on his second work? Why was he laying on the ground? He had to stand up, it was to cold. His head hurt. Was he hit on his head? Sherlock tried to move his painful body, getting his head lifted up and tried to push himself onto his elbows.
"I'm going to kill that son of a bitch!" John hissed between his teeth, still looking at the demolished body in front of him.
"For our first piece, I like to add some colouring. Your skin is so pale, it almost gets boring to paint it."
But Sherlock's gaze seemed apathetic, as if he could see John sitting next to him, but didn't recognise him. John saw another shiver running down his friend's body. Quickly he took off his coat and tried to put it over him as gently as he could. Sherlock moaned.
Walking inside, his mind was rushing. Was he on to them? Did he see that they weren't actually a couple? Did the man figure out that is was all just a cover? Did John just blew their cover? Or was it something else? David just told him that he thought it was to bad that the man was already taken. God. If they had decided to go into this without acting as a couple, he would probably be all over Sherlock. Good thing then that they got that covered.
"That's not what I meant, Sherlock. It's just... Well, you know I stopped drawing, and I never felt comfortable enough to start again. And this place is, well, it's home. With all those people around me when I draw in that classroom, it feels if I can keep a distance, somehow. I'm not sure if I can do that here."
"No, Sherlock. Don't give it hope. The odds are against us. I'm turning in some brain dead flesh eating thing and I can't stop it."
While thinking about the pink cheeks of his roommate, and asking himself if there was more skin of him that turned pink when the man was in certain circumstances, Sherlock growled.
John swiped a hand over his face and huffed out an unintelligible laugh. "Fucking hell. Think off all the time we wasted."
O great, He died. He died and went to heaven. It was strange, really. He never thought there was an afterlife. He was sure about that. Now that he thought of it, he was rather pleased about it existing after all. It was another puzzle to solve. Another mystery that came into his life to keep him occupied. Well, not really his life, obviously. What was it then? Afterlife? Second life?
"Can I get you a spare sweatshirt? I have one in my car, just in case if I wanted to go sporting after work, you know."
And of course Sherlock had panicked. Normally he loved to explore the unknown, giving himself a challenge and to drive away the boredom that always lingered in his mind. But not with John. The feelings were too much, too intense and there was too much at stake. He finally made a friend. Not just a friend, no. He found himself a best friend, a pal, a partner. A man who didn't question him, who laughed at his tantrums and dealt with them, someone who listened to his deductions without judging him and calling him a freak, but praised him instead. A man who saw all of him, and still hadn't run away. Of course John had an opinion and wasn't scared to share it with him, even pushed him to his limits and sometimes even over them.
This became too complicated. Why was the angel calling his brother? Minor government position my arse. God, Was Mycroft like Saint Peter or something? It was unimaginable. He definitely needed some rest, sleep. But he wanted to see the angel again.
Sherlock was explaining why those men were the primary suspects, but John yawned again and put his empty cup down.
What did he have to do now? Go back to Bakerstreet? He still had his emergency cocaine hidden there. Maybe it was enough to end all of this. But he couldn't. Not only were his keys inside his coat, the chance of John being there was considerable.
"Please, John. You can hang your coat on the rack behind you, and then you can take a seat behind the empty desk at the left in the front. I already put down some papers and pencils for you. Gerald, if you would like to follow me?" Esmeralda walked back to a door at the end of the room, Sherlock following her steps.
He was going to die here. The man was going to finish his painting and make him bleed for the next session. Maybe not today, but definitely tomorrow. If he managed to survive the night. But he probably would. His transport could be very stubborn when holding on to life.
"Mister Holmes! What do you think of me? I'm an artist. And I an definitely not some queer. You should do your homework better. Now. Let's work on the front, shall we?"
The man walked away again. Sherlock couldn't see his movements, as he was hanging with his back towards him. Marc switched the lights on, blinding Sherlock for a few moments. When he could see something again, he tried to see where he was. The space was small. He could see a white wall in front of him, a window with black roller-blinds in front of it at his left, keeping the light in and withdrawing anything happening inside out of sight, with a closed and probably locked door next to it. He could smell paint. So this was probably the man's atelier in the back of his garden.
"Research. I have access to the patients. I have equipment here, I can take samples and study them. I'm in the middle of testing a new serum, to see if I can slow down the process."
Sherlock and John hurried themselves towards the doors of the art school together. It was already dark outside, and it was raining as usual in London in this time of year. Sherlock could see that John was a bit nervous. He had his shoulders pulled up, and his chin pushed down, more than this weather would require. His lips were pressed together in a tight line, and he hadn't said a word since they had stepped inside the cab together. John was worried about something. Maybe this was a mistake after all. John stopped drawing in Afghanistan. He never mentioned it to Sherlock, or anybody else for that matter. What if it triggered something again? What if his friend had stopped with a reason? Sherlock had to make sure that he was alright with this. He wrapped his bag with spare clothes tighter underneath his arm and looked at his friend.
"Deal. Let's go and ask some more around. I'll go outside to smoke, you'll cover the cafeteria? Try to talk to Mark, I'll try to talk to David."
"Ava settled herself in her chair with the plate Thai on her lap and poured herself a glass of wine. She took a sip.
John's head flew up when he heard noise coming from the house. He reached for his gun and pulled the safety off. He stood up and braced himself between the door and Sherlock's body, protecting him. The noise continued, and he heard footsteps running through the garden heading towards the atelier. John pointed his gun to the door, ready for who ever was coming in. The door bashed open and Greg stormed in, his gun in hand.
When John peeked through the ajar door of Sherlock's hospital room, he could see him sitting up a bit, eating an yogurt with a disgusted look on his face.
"Yes it is. You've got something to lose with John. You're afraid he'll break your heart. You're afraid he leaves you. He's your best friend. You like him. You like him even more than you like me."
John reached inside the back pocket of his jeans and got his phone out. He started dialing. Within a second it was answered.
"Time for a break, class. Please, you can get coffee and tea in the cafeteria down the hall to warm yourself up. We will continue in twenty minutes."
And I wished I could come back to you, and that I could find the courage to tell you how I really feel, despite the consequences. I know now how life feels without you, and it's not pleasant. I rather not have known this. If I had managed to come back home, I would have done everything to keep you in my life, even if that meant I have to accept the probably dull woman you decided to spent the rest of your life with. It's all good, as long as you're in my life.
But it wasn't real. And it hurt. It hurt to know that this was all he was going to get, and it wasn't enough. It was selfish and he knew it. He was a selfish man after all. Life had been easier without John in it, before he met him. Empty, yes. But easier. He never knew what he was missing, that he was missing something. Until is was there, within his reach, knowing that if he reached out for it, it would vanish for ever.
John reached for his phone in his pocket to call him, realising that Sherlock's phone was still in the pocket of his coat, currently hanging across John's arm.
When Sherlock sat there being drawn, he only seemed to have eyes for him. It was too much. That torso covered in goose bumps, nipples hard, Sherlock's eyes boring in his. John had gotten hard instantly, as if he was some hormone driven teenager. He had looked at Sherlock as if he wanted to devour him. Own him. And Sherlock had seen that. When that damn droplet had run down the man's chest, John had to look away. And afterwards, Sherlock hadn't confronted him with it. The man who always wanted to know everything didn't ask. Had he parted himself so far from human feelings and emotions that he didn't recognize it? Had he deleted it or was he really that oblivious about what he had seen in John's eyes? No, it couldn't be. Last Thursday they had a connection. Talking, drinking. Sherlock carefully asking questions as if he was some shy bird that could fly away every second. Sherlock had looked at him, and if he was honest with himself, he thought he saw affection in those eyes. Then, John had seen him looking in the sketchbook he had given him. There were definitely emotions on his face at that point.
"If he doesn't have his phone with him, it is going to be hard, I'm afraid. But I'll see what I can do."
The man named Ru pulled up his shoulders and John's heart sank in his shoes. They had been running around London all night, and still no trace of Sherlock.
"Always did. But please, explain yourself. I'm curious." Sherlock added when he saw John's expression.
Sherlock looked up from getting his head through one of the holes of his pyjamas, a bit confused, hearing the change of tone in John's voice.
"It's true. You know it as well as I do. There is no antidote. I can feel my body giving up, I have moments I can't think properly."
"I used to draw almost every day, for years. I learned that it eased my mind, but then... Something happened. And I made a choice."
"You know as well as I do that when the serum is still in my system, the sedative won't do it's work. And I'll be damned to shoot myself."
He really was beautiful. Looking like John helped, of course. His skin glowed, his eyes were a pretty deep blue, and the angel was here just for him. Sherlock had too say it, he had to let this spiritual being know that he acknowledged him. So he braced himself, looked the angel John in his eyes, took a breath as deep as he could and opened his mouth. His voice was raucous, an almost unrecognizable rumble.
She walked towards a stereo next to the teacher’s desk and put on some classical background music, and the student around him started putting their pencils and brushes onto their paper and canvases. John looked at his fellow students. Some of them looked like they knew what they were doing, others just seemed a bit lost, but started anyway. Esmeralda walked towards John and bent herself over his shoulder.
"You'll be amazed." John replied. Sherlock rolled his eyes at them both, and started typing on his phone. John and Ava grinned stupidly at each other.
"Definitely. Ask him to bring some Thai, and a bottle of red wine, Malbec, if he can find it . Ow! And some Ginger nuts."
John took the six strides that separated them towards the bed and leaned over Sherlock. His left hand on the mattress next to Sherlock's left shoulder, his right hand stroking the soft dark curls.
In the middle of the room on the ground lay the man he lived for. The only one who had ever really mattered. The one he had taken in in his heart, to never let go again.
"You? Going out? I wouldn't miss it for the world. Figure out where he is going, so we can go there ourselves tonight."
"There you are. I've been looking for you." Sherlock interrupted, his voice dark. David froze on the spot and John was relieved that Sherlock had chosen this moment to be too impatient to wait any longer for a text from him.
It had been over fifty minutes now since he talked to Mycroft on the phone, and he really had a bad feeling about this. He needed to get out to go and try and find Sherlock. So he could explain to him that it was an 'in the heat of the moment' thing. That he really shouldn't worry about it.
Sherlock watched the screen intensely, seeing the cells react, and he looked up when Ava took her seat behind her own desk.
Sherlock's eyes locked on John's, but his body started to tremble uncontrollably. A heartbreaking whine left the detective's throat before he passed out. The trembling became less and stopped within a few seconds. John was still sitting on his knees next to him, still crying, but now the man had blacked out, he could finally examine him properly. He touched and felt, careful not to hurt him or make the trauma worse, stopping from time to time to wipe some tears away.  He took his coat off of him and carefully unbind his wrists and ankles. The fever had to come down, and the bruising's needed cooling-off.
They parted ways as soon as they left the classroom. John heading towards the cafeteria, Sherlock outside.
When he reached the neighbours porch he stopped and listened. Everything was quiet. He reached for his gun and took it steady in hand, moving soundlessly to the porch he had to go through. Carefully he reached for the door handle and slowly he pushed it down, making sure it didn't creak. It was locked from the inside. Of course. He got back to the porch of the neighbours, and tried that one, just as careful. It opened. John peeked through the ajar door, checking the partition between this garden and the next. It was a high hedge. He couldn't get over it or underneath it without making sound. Shit.
A small smile turned on his lips, and instead of the tea, he took one of the sketchbooks onto his lap and started to read John's diary, to explore all those shades of happiness and the shades of pain John had managed to put down on paper.
On the same day I was told that I had to go home. They gave me a honourable discharge. And I was told that I probably could never operate again because the bullet that went through my shoulder had caused nerve damage and it gave me a tremble in my hand.
Thoughtless John had already started to draw a raster on the paper in front of him. And finished it, by the looks of it. He steadied himself again and started to look at the shadows and highlights of the man's back in front of him. He could see the muscles. Sherlock's frame was lanky, but even with the horrible diet he had, running around London chasing criminals had done his work on that body. He was a bit too thin.
"He might like me, but he loves you you know. A lot. He never shuts up about you. And when he talks about you his eyes begin to sparkle, he sometimes even flushes or gets stuck for words. So, if you want him in your life, do something about it."
"Yeah. Matter of speech. I installed a program on your desktop that will set this whole lab on fire."
When John came home after his day of work at the doctor’s office, he saw that Sherlock had put up pictures of all the course members, the three prime suspects pinned in the middle, a lot of notes next to them, and something that looked like a printed out exelsheet with only numbers on it. He knew better than to ask what they all meant, so instead he went into the kitchen to put the take away he had gotten onto two plates, hoping to get Sherlock to eat something today.
Sherlock frowned and did as he was told, still looking at John, who definitely saw some concern in Sherlock's face while he was putting his phone down on the coffee table.
"Yeah, you can say something like that. I used to draw a lot. But then I went working abroad and I never found the time again. So it has been a few years."
"Let's call it a danger night. He went off without his phone or keys, and I have no idea where he went off to. Can't you track him down or something?"
"You're a very skilled model, aren't you? Christ! It's that I can see you breathe from time to time, otherwise I would swear I was looking at a statue!"
Dullness for eternity. Maybe this was hell after all. He heard the angel cry. Had he thought out loud? Was the angel so disappointed in him because he thought heaven would be boring? Did angels cry? Never heard of such a thing. It sure wasn't good. Angels shouldn't cry. Maybe he had to apologise or something. Try to be nice.
That evening John sat in the chair next to Sherlock's bed. It had been a long day. He couldn't remember the last time he slept. Sherlock was moving a bit again, as he had done for the last half hour. He would probably wake up soon. Every soft moan he heard coming over the detective's lips made his heart bleed. Even with the morphine and sleep he was still in pain.
"I don't want to talk about it. But let's just say, that I'm happy that you took this case. It opened a lot of new opportunities for me. I was afraid that I couldn't enjoy this again. But I do. So... Thank you, Sherlock."
"And despite my earlier statement, I would like to show them to you. I owe you that much. Wait here."
Sherlock frowned. It was a weekday. John never drank alcohol on weekdays. As if John could hear his thoughts he walked back into the living room with two glasses and a bottle of whiskey in his hands.
"I'm going to take a quick shower and dress myself for tonight. We have to be there a bit earlier this time, so we can talk to the students before we begin."
John pulled the door almost close again. He moved towards the neighbours on the other side. Low porch, low fence between the gardens. The house seemed abandoned, the grass and weed reached to his knees. So he had to move slowly. Carefully he got to the fence between the gardens and climbed over it ducking down at the other side.
Sherlock gave him a deadly glare, but started to eat anyway. After he finished his whole plate, he went into the shower and stayed there for over thirty minutes, using almost all the hot water at once. When it was John's turn to go into the shower, he had only five minutes of hot water left, ending his shower with a flush of cold water falling down on him. John cursed and turned the shower off before he was shivering of the cold and stood for the mirror to shave himself. When he got out of the bathroom he could see into Sherlock's room. The man was almost dressed. He was wearing a perfectly tailored pants and suit jacket, with an almost illegal tight shirt underneath.
"Good evening gentlemen. Thank you for joining us tonight. I'm terribly sorry but the heater broke down today, so it's a bit chilly in here. I hope you won't mind. My name is Esmeralda Pointer. You are John? I presume? Then you must be Gerald." She said smiling at the men. The woman greeting them was mildly said eccentric. She was about sixty-five years old, had wild grey hair and was wearing some sort of purple dress, matching her lipstick. She smelled like incense. Sherlock and John had decided that the names Sherlock and John weren't going to work here to go undercover. They were still in London, and even though they were low profile at this moment, there had been enough cases of them that made the news the last few years. And the name John might be common enough, Sherlock was a name you didn't hear much in London, or in the UK, or in the rest of the world for that matter.
Was there crime in heaven? Probably not. Dull, boring, and eternal. Ow bugger! This was going to be a disaster.
"Curry of course. And can you hand me one of the bottles of great wine you bought? That would be splendid."
John grinned, putting the glass against his lips again. He seemed to be in a good mood, and Sherlock felt that he could push it a bit, finding answers.
They entered the building and crossed the hall to walk to the only classroom where there was light coming from. When they entered the room they saw that everyone else already was sitting down behind their desks and easels, wearing thick sweatshirts and jumpers. Some of them even wore scarfs. The woman who stood in front of the group strode forwards to them, a kind smile on her face.
"Of course. But I also want to bring you pleasure. I want to know what turns you on and what it will take to let you forget your own name."
They had stood in front of the window together for almost ten minutes. Sherlock's body had began to tremble, and John had manhandled him back to bed. He was sitting in his chair, their fingers entwined. John seemed to have expected that question.
"God sorry. That came out wrong. You're not my type. You're the type that's demanding in bed, wants to be pleased. And I'm the same. Wouldn't work. That's it."
"Took you long enough." He said when Sherlock stopped next to him and gratefully took the offered coffee in hands. John looked at him and frowned.
"Yes, you can be, you git. If you want too you can be quite adorable. I'm very happy with your gift, Sherlock. You managed to get me speechless."
"Shit... Sorry, but we have to keep your body warm." He hoped Sherlock understood what he was saying.
A few days later the village was attacked. Bombed. Sadeq died. His body was taken to our hospital, and I sat with him all night, drawing him, as a last goodbye. I cried. It felt as if I lost my own father. I didn't know you at that time, of course, but you always say coincidence doesn't happen. That the universe is never that lazy. The universe must have really hated me at that moment, because the next day exactly that happened. I was in the middle of a surgery, trying to fix one of my boys, when a nurse entered the room. He told me that my parents had died that morning. Car accident.
"Well, we talked before class. And I might have told him that I thought your body was pretty hot. And I believe he now thinks that I'm after you. For a second I thought he would rip my throat out. Bloody hell. He's a jealous type, isn't he? But please, don't get me wrong. You are gorgeous, but not a man I would bed. He has nothing to worry about."
He hit the man hard in the middle of his face, and while David went down, John ran towards the door, pushing himself through the crowded space, reaching for his jacket on the coat rack next to the door without slowing down. Next to his jacket he saw the Belstaff.
I walked for over an hour when the air horn sounded. Another attack. I ran back to camp, but I was to far away. I ran as fast as I could and I took a short cut through the village. There were bombs falling and a lot of shots fired. I saw citizens running for their lives, falling down when the bullets hit them. People were screaming and crying, and I saw Ahmed running along with the other villagers. But while he was running for his life, he fell down, shot in the chest. I rushed towards him and took him in my arms. He was only ten years old. And I knew I couldn't do anything for him. He kept saying thank you. He called me the golden angel, just like his grandfather had. I held him, comforted him, cradled him against my chest until he died. The moment he breathed his last breath, I felt a sharp pain in my chest. I was shot. Within a minute I passed out.
I'm sorry that I had to leave you, and I'm sorry that I'm not coming back after all. I'm going to close my eyes now, and embrace the darkness that awaits me. But thinking of you while I'm doing that, will make it all worth it.
"Smoking? Really Sherlock? You're not undercover at the moment. So you don't have any excuse to do so."
It was a rough sketch, but John was already starting to get the details into it, making the drawing come alive. He saw the shadows that would create the depth in his work, the long lines of the muscles that were going to be his neck and the sharp line that was forming his cheek. It was marvellous.
Sherlock turned his head around, finding John's lips and gave him an open mouth kiss, moaning in his mouth, pushing his arse back against John's groin. Demanding as ever.
"Ow you cheeky bastard! If that's an invitation to scratch, than you're going to be disappointed. Were not going in to this... Whatever this is, like that."
"Listen to me, little brother. We are in a crisis, and I don't have time for this. Will you just listen to me?"
He took the glass of whiskey and poured the liquid down his throat, when John turned his head towards him. His eyes were soft and sweet, and Sherlock almost reached out to him. But the stakes were too high. He wasn't sure how John would react to it. Would he pull back, or would he welcome Sherlock? Would he reach out to him too? Longing for a touch? Was it something John would want too? Instead of following this urge, he picked up the bottle again and poured their glasses once more.
Suddenly, David reached out with his hand over the bar to lay it on top of John's. His fingers stroking the top of his hand.
God. There were even angels. How predictable. Would they have wings? White fluffy bird like wings? And a white sheet around their body's? He would like that. He felt comfortable in a sheet. Not that he was going to be an angel.
He heard the deep baritone voice at the other end of the line chuckle. John couldn't help but smile at the sound, secretly wishing he heard it more often.
"I'm not a saint, John. And you can call it sex. In contrary to whatever my brother said, sex doesn't alarm me. I just don't practise it at the moment."
John asked him. Sherlock told him about the missing persons, and John leaned a bit forward to listen intense to what Sherlock was telling him.
"Care for a drink?" He asked Sherlock from his spot in the kitchen. Sherlock looked up from the papers scattered in his lap.
"I... Ehm... This one ends in 2003, I think. It was one of my sketchbooks that I used in medical school."
Sherlock walked into the dressing room and shrugged of his dressing gown to put on John's jumper. It kind of smelled like him. Stupid, of course. He took it out of John's wardrobe, it was freshly washed. It couldn't smell like him. He put on his trousers while he heard Esmeralda and John talk.
And so they both spend their whole Saturday following both suspects around through London, keeping each other updated through texts and phone calls. John followed Marc Jenkins. The man went for groceries in the morning, followed with a visit to his mother in the retirement home. But after that the man went back to his house, settling himself in his atelier in his backyard, painting the rest of the day. John was on a stake out in the rental car Sherlock had arranged for him, and even with the binoculars he could barely see the man from his parking spot at the end of the street. After his fourth cup of coffee he decided to call it a day, and he called Sherlock on his mobile.
Sherlock turned around towards the familiar sounding voice, and before Sherlock could react, Marc Jenkins stabbed something in his neck and the whole world went dark.
The first thing he saw was a sketchbook. His eyes flickered to the rest of the content of the box, and it seemed that there were only sketchbooks inside. He put the box down next to him and with steady hands he carefully took out the sketchbook on top. He lay it down in his lap and carefully turned the cover to reveal the first page.
When he looked up again he finally saw an empty cab and flagged it over. He got in and told the cabby where to go. It would take about ten minutes to get there.
"It's your own fault. If you weren't that fucking hot all the time, I would be able to control myself." John said.
Sherlock shook his head and John went out into the rain. Sherlock sighed again. When he reached for the tea on the table next to him, he saw that John had lied out all his sketchbooks next to it for Sherlock to see.
"This is now the second drawing you're making here. And I think it's very loaded. You can almost feel the emotions coming off from the paper. Is that something you can do with other people too? Or is it just because it's him?"
John looked at his drawing in front of him. She was right. The previous drawing had something special. Something that he managed to do in the past with people who he really connected with, but not in the least on this level.
Sherlock leaned back against him, John's hands going towards his front now, fingers going towards his nipples. John saw goosebumps coming up at his touch and he bent his fingers a bit more, using his nails to scratch that pale skin.
"But I'm thankful that you took this course. It makes me happy to see that there are more people with beautiful talents that use them. Even if they don't show it to the world. And you've let me see some of it."
“You know. Back study?  There will be a lot of flesh to draw, very difficult. And, no offence, but your man is rather hot. A proper piece of eye candy, I would say. I can think of worse things to paint.”
"John's a good writer. Loved his blog. You're website was a bit more... clinical. Still interesting though. Why did you take down the two hundred fifty three different types of ashes? Sounded interesting."
And then there was John. Walking into his life. With a heart that equalled his mind. They were both halves of one whole. And together they managed to balance each other.
He watched. The house was dark, as was the atelier. It seemed as if the man wasn't home or was asleep. Probably the latter. If Sherlock was here, he was probably in the atelier. John hoped that he was. Breaking into the atelier seemed easier than breaking into the house.
"Jail. Got busted yesterday for shoplifting, again. You can try Bradley? Or Evelyn? It was one of them."
The further Ava walked, the harder the sounds became. It was horrible. It sounded like a dying animal, deep moans and a gurgling sound. When Beth came into picture, Sherlock frowned and watched with his mouth a bit open. What once had been a woman, was now reduced to an empty shell. She was filthy. Her skin looked as if it was decomposing and the eyes were empty.
"You might be right. I do wish you all the luck, of course. I am going to check on my brother now, if you don't mind. Good day, Doctor Watson."
"You are planning to burn it down?!" Sherlock asked her unbelievably. The grin on her face only got bigger.
Sherlock blinked a few times. He had been staring at John. The man had looked at him as if he saw him for the first time. The fact that John was going to stare at him for the few hours to come was enough to make him nervous. He did not take that  into account thinking this plan through. Sherlock felt a shiver down his spine that had nothing to do with the cold he was feeling, but it intensified the goose bumps across his arms and chest.
"I heard the others say that Esmeralda was very impressed with your work. Even though you wouldn't show it to anyone else." He said nonchalant, putting the cap back on the bottle and set it down beside him.
"Be careful around that guy." John said his voice dropping an octave. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.
"And because I can't have to much going on down there for the first weeks to come, I need to keep myself occupied with other activities."
"He's a private man. And I think he's a bit insecure about his work. It has been a long time since he held a pencil."
John was blinded for a moment. He could have known that the room was brightly lit. It was an atelier, after all. He turned away his face from the bright lights and blinked his eyes a few times, to get his vision sharp again. When he finally looked into the room, his heart stopped.
Ava grinned and reached for her phone. Within ten seconds her face popped up on Sherlock computer screen. An even bigger grin appeared.
The cab ride home had been a challenge. John was staring out of the window, ignoring Sherlock completely, while Sherlock had the feeling he was going insane. He got what he wanted. He got the man back in his life, he enjoyed having him around, to talk to him, laugh with him. But it still wasn't enough. His body and mind wanted more, his heart wanted more. When he had heard John say those words, he would have given everything just to make them true. Just to know that it was real. He would give his life for it, happily, even. He would die as a complete man.
"John?" Sherlock said with a small and insecure voice. John looked in those beautiful colour shifting eyes of him.
On his way, he got past the place where the CCTV had lost track of Sherlock, and the place where he was taken. John slowed his pace, and searched the ground, not entirely certain what he was looking for, until he saw something shimmer behind a trashcan. John bent down and saw an used syringe. Damned!
They hadn't had any success creating something that kept stable. Every cure, medicine or serum they developed worked for a few hours and then only seemed to speed up the process. It was like fighting a losing battle, and they both knew it.
"I don't have anything to go with, so I'll say top. I can relate to that, as you can imagine. But who knows."
"Of course you don't. He's a suspect in a case of four missing and probably murdered man. I wouldn't trust him either."
A few weeks later Sherlock got an email that made it possible to finally investigate his friends creative side. He had made sure that John had no idea that he had found the sketchbooks, but he did find out that the man was happy with his own sock index (how could he not.) And the warm smile he had given Sherlock had made his heart jump inside his chest.
John had been looking forward to it. Not the class itself including interaction with the other students, or the teacher. Not even so they could work further on the case. No. He felt the need to draw. To direct his emotions somewhere. Especially when he was struggling like this. And paper was a good thing to use. It was weird how fast it had become something essential for him again. The years of avoiding pencils and paper seemed forgotten.
"Exactly. Open the exel-sheet on the desktop of computer seven six eight. You can see the results there."
"It's not just the Continents. I didn't settle for less than three. I always wanted to show them the stars. If the second orgasm is so much better than the first, why not push it further?"
John felt a splint of pain, not being the focus of this man's attention at this matter. But he pushed it back before giving himself away.
He saw John nod his head once, not turning his face towards him. The tremble in his hand had disappeared, and the glass was empty once more in his hand. He looked sad. And Sherlock recognized the sign that this was the moment to step back, leaving him alone with his thoughts. He put the sketchbook down at the table next to his chair, stroking it with his long fingers, before he got up and retreated himself towards his bedroom, giving John space. Just before he closed the bedroom door behind him he looked over his shoulder once more, and saw tears running down his best friend's face.
"Doctor Watson? Are you alright?" Nita asked him worried. She knelled down besides him, checking his temperature with the back of her hand. And she felt the man shaking.
John pulled out a handcrafted wooden pencil box. It was a simple design. The wood was dark, almost black with a hint of red in it, a small copper lip kept the lid down. The texture felt like satin underneath his fingers. He opened the box and saw the inside was padded with a soft lining to hold his new set. The compartments inside would make sure he could stash his eraser and sharper, and he could organize his pencils by hardness inside.
"But it's true. Don't let me get in your way of happiness, John. If it wasn't for my... condition, you wouldn't have stand a chance, of course."
The insides of his eyelids seemed to give light. It was a soft gold mixed with pink and blue. Some little white stars slowly danced in his vision.
He could see John was almost finished with it. The hard lines he had seen two days ago were gone. They were faded down to become shadows. He could see the muscles stretched underneath the skin, the few moles that covered his body were at the exact right spots, and his hair was damp, just as it had been Tuesday. When Sherlock saw the drawn droplet of rain that had fell down from his hair to run down his torso, only to get stuck in few hairs just above the waistband of the jeans, he shivered. He felt goose bumps coming up and his breath caught. This wasn't just a drawing; this was a piece of art in the making. It was masculine, but also graceful, elegant, and even a bit erotic, but it was also very him. The only thing that John had yet to complete was his face. It was set up already, and Sherlock could see where his lips would part a bit, and where the small wrinkles of his eyes were going to be.
John smiled and nodded, standing up from behind his desk to walk towards the door and into the hallway. Sherlock watched him go. When he was out of sight he stood up himself and went into the small room where his clothes were, and he pulled a jumper out of the plastic bag he brought with him. It was one of John's. It was too big for him, so he never wore it, but it fitted Sherlock as if he had bought it himself. It was hideous, of course, but it matched the cover he had made up for himself. And besides, he was freezing, so the jumper was preferable above his normal suit jacket at the moment. He pulled the jumper over his head, ruffling his hair when it was on, and he stepped outside the room intending to go towards the cafeteria to mingle with the rest of the group. To his surprise, Esmeralda was still in the classroom, standing behind John's desk, looking at his work. Her head went up when she heard Sherlock stepping in.
David smirked at him. John felt jealousy and anger coming up and he clenched his fists, his lips became a small line and his eyes started to spit fire.
The streets were almost empty. It was already five o'clock in the morning and the city was asleep. It had taken him nine hours to figure out where Sherlock was, and he wasn't even certain yet.
Sherlock slammed the door of the pub behind him and turned right. With big steps he strode through the street, taking the first to the right, making sure he wasn't in sight anymore.
The easy flow had returned. John didn't draw that evening. Instead, he and Sherlock ate something and started looking into the case again. On Friday they did the same. They learned their suspects daily routine. Both men worked full time, Marc as an office manager, David as an interior designer. They found out where both men lived and what their other hobbies were. Marc had an atelier in his backyard. So he was very serious about his work. But they still couldn't rule one of the men out.
"The human skin is something special. When you get your angle right, you can create a whole new colour palette. Yellow Ochre, Phthalocyanine Blue, Dioxazine Purple, and so forth. It gives more dept in the painting."
"Well, in that case, maybe you can help me with David. He's quite a busy man. I just overheard him say that he is going out tonight. Care to join me?"
"Of course it will. You're short and I'm skinny. It will fit easily. Now come here, I want you close."
Sherlock had managed to get the six ears he needed for his experiment after all, giving some compliments to Molly that made her skin change a bright pink. (which made Sherlock conclude that that still didn't have the same effect on him as when this happened with John.) And after finishing his experiment there was even an interesting case offered by Lestrade, keeping his mind occupied for at least two whole weeks. But the drawings kept popping up in his mind. The email he was reading now was the best opportunity he had got since he found out about his roommates secret talent.
Was he afraid that John would start dating again? Was he afraid that John would have less time for him? Was it because it was a man that hit on him? Was Sherlock jealous? Was that why he grabbed John's arse possessively as he did? Why did he kiss him back? Christ. He had kissed him.
"No, you don't understand. I was scared because of the eternity of it. Can you imagine? For ever without any hope for a crime or murder to solve? I would lose my mind. And all the angels looked like you. I wasn't sure if it was heaven or hell. I really didn't want that."
"Okay class! We are going to start with this pose. You all know how to start, I'll be walking around and give you a hand if needed. John, I'll be with you in a moment, so you can make a good first start."
"Yet. Let's see how long it takes before they do. I got here the last three times. But it never seems to hold longer than a few hours. Keep the screen up, I'm coming back."
This was wrong. Angels didn't swear, did they? He felt soft fingers stroking his hair. It felt nice, as long as he didn't touch his skin, it felt comfortable. He needed to open his eyes, he wanted to see the angel. He tried it again, just his eye's this time. And with a lot off effort, he managed to open them just a bit. It was light, very light, but after a few moments he could see the luminous angel, his face close, probably still sitting next to him on the ground.
Sherlock worked systematically trough all John's socks, pairing them, and ordering them into the drawer at colour. After twenty minutes his work was done, and he looked to the new made sock index feeling a bit smug. Yes. John would like that. Sherlock turned himself around to get the socks that didn't make his selection and started to gather them. One of them (the hideous patterned one, of course) had rolled himself underneath the bed. Sherlock layed flat on his stomach to reach for it, poking his head underneath the bed, when his eyes saw a carton box hidden away at the head side of the bed, against the wall. Instead of reaching for the lost sock, Sherlock reached out to the box and pulled it from under the bed. He had never seen it before. How could he have missed it when he searched John's room before when he was bored?
John felt his cheeks flush again, and there was a certain heat going down a certain body part that he definitely was going to hide from Sherlock, no matter what.
John showed his card at the gate and they could go through, parking their rental and got out to head towards the doors of the main building.
O god. This was it. He was waiting for this to happen. He just had hoped it wasn't going to be so soon. The extraordinary army doctor, blogger, friend, love of his life was leaving him.
"I'm heading towards the Yard now. Looking into some papers to see if I can find any unidentified body's fitting any of the victim’s descriptions."
John nodded approvingly and took another bite of his Thai. Sherlock retreated himself towards the bathroom, while John finished his dinner alone.
"Right. I think I'm going back to the hostel. Give you two some time." John stood up and smiled a bit at Ava.
Shaking his head he dried himself, and then he tried to wash the coffee stains out of his jumper. When David returned with the sweatshirt, John already stopped trying to rescue his jumper. It really was a lost cause. Instead, he threw it down the bin and thankfully accepted the piece of clothing David handed him.
In my mind I sometimes had you. I imagined that there wasn't anything we didn't know about each other. I imagined us sharing a kiss, cuddling on the sofa and even sharing our bed. I imagined stroking your body, making you shiver and beg. I imagined you doing the same to me. Holding me, cherishing me, kiss me all over and touch me where ever you could reach me.
John chuckled, the sound getting lost in the wind that was blowing Sherlock's wet curls in his face.
That evening, Sherlock's phone rang. John looked up from his novel (he was staring at the same page for over six minutes now) when Sherlock took the call.
He felt a bumb on the back of Sherlock's head, and he let his fingers touch the rest of his skull, feeling swellings and bumps all over.
John could slightly see his ribs when Sherlock inhaled, and suddenly he asked himself how Sherlock would have looked as a teenager. That face full with sharp lines with big unruffled dark curls on top of it, his body long and slender, gangly limbs and probably a constant look of boredom on his face. He would have been on himself a lot, constantly insulting his classmates and teachers, his head tugged away in books. Sherlock had told him that himself. He was an loner, an einzelganger. He had no interest in the people around him whatsoever. The opposite of himself, really. John had been short and sturdy all his life. As a sports fanatic playing rugby and football and with a healthy appetite, he had always been muscled and maneuverable. He was quick and strong. He smiled a lot and was sort of popular. The other young men liked him, because he was good in sports, he was nice to everybody, he didn't have an air and was always willing to help. The young woman liked him too. He was a gentleman, never bragged about his latest victories like the other men, he was romantic, caring, honest and a extremely passionate lover. In bed, being strong and maneuverable was a big plus. Count in his stamina and his will to please, and he was considered a great fuck. He didn't get the Three Continent nickname for nothing.
He remembered that. Good conversation. And the most intriguing player he had ever had against him. Would Moriarty be here too?
Inside, he pulled the jumper and shirt over his head and wetted a towel that hang next to one of the mirrors. He pushed the cold towel against his heated chest, cooling it. He looked at his chest in the mirror to see to his relief that his skin wasn't burned. When he looked down at his jumper in the sink in front of him, he sighed. The jumper was soaking wet, as was the shirt he had worn underneath. That one was ruined. What was he going to wear now? He couldn't walk around half naked. He should steal his jumper back from Sherlock. He could wear his robe underneath his jacket. The man went outside in nothing get but a sheet, so that wouldn't be a problem.
"What the hell are you wearing?!" He asked softly, the joy very visible in his eyes. It annoyed Sherlock tremendously.
But maybe it is for the best that I can't return to you. Although I seemed to make you happy, I also caused you so much pain. You seemed to worry yourself about me constantly. You were injured more times than I would have ever wanted you to. You even almost died because of me, more than once. I inflicted you pain and suffering, while all I wanted to do is to keep you safe and happy. But I failed you. When I imagine the look on your face when I spoke to you the last time, my heart breaks for you. That phone call was one of the hardest things I've ever done in my entire life. That was the first time I cried. I never wanted to hurt you, deceive you or make you part of all of this, but I did. I try not to think about that and to hold on onto the thought that you are happy now.
John looked at the sketch he made on the paper in front of him. The lines were a perfect match with the study object in front of him. It was time to add the first shadows to his work. But not before they all had taken a break.
"Ish. Don't be daft, handsome. I told you I was special? I am. He sent me here to find out about this virus, and to help create an antidote."
"Well, he never showed up again after six nights of sitting model. Great man, good model and a great artist himself. And he is not the only one. There were others before him. They all suddenly stopped coming. There was one that send an apology, telling us that he had to go out of the country for his work, but the others just stopped coming. To bad actually. All of them were nice and good artists themselves. You don't paint or draw, do you?"
"I've been waiting for you all morning. Had some tests running and I hoped I could share the results with someone. But instead of telling my attractive colleague I had to ramble about it to Beth."
"Yes, from Clive. He's the easiest to handle, and he already had a big hole at the back of his head, so I can almost spoon it out." Ava said in the phone while walking towards the back of the lab. She opened the door of the machine and took the sample out with a pair of long tweezers. She sliced a small part from it and put it under her microscope.
"I spoke to Angie, she told me to come looking for you. Look, I know it's strange, but have you seen him?"
They talked for hours. About themselves, about the stupid things they had done in their lives, about their jobs, their favourite food and wines, and it felt as if they had known each other for years.
John started talking. He began hesitatingly, sighed a lot, in search for the right words and Sherlock could see it took a lot of effort to do this, but he did. And only because he asked him.
He had to say that Marc did a proper job not spilling any blood. Except for the torn lip. He was a bit worried about the dislocated knee, that was an severe injury. Probably needed surgery to fix it again. He knew the partial collapsed lunge and the contused or ruptured testicle were worrisome too. Better not think about that.
“Can we come in?” Sherlock asked while scanning his access card against the scanner next to the door towards the room the woman was in. Getting a red signal every time he tried.
"What a difference it would have been if we met somewhere in London. I don't know, like bumping into each other in the streets." She continued, inhaling from her cigarette.
The people were talking about their work, and they continued to do so, involving Sherlock in their conversation. Asking him questions about lighting and sorts of poses, which he answered with as much certainty as he could bring up. After five minutes he was really freezing, so he excused himself to get back inside and to take that coffee John promised him to warm himself up.
Left knee: Severe pain. Unable to move, swollen, cold leg from knee down, tingling sensation: Knee dislocation.
God. He had been here for hours, days even, and he was still bored out of his mind. John was out to work, again, playing the good doctor, healing stupid old people and children with coughs. The Yard didn't have any interesting cases at the moment; Molly threw him out of her morgue when she caught him stealing some necessary body parts for his experiment which he was working on at the moment. Well, not at the moment, because without the six ears he needed he couldn't work on it, could he? He sighed again. His life was so hard sometimes.
There was something that had caught his eyes this morning when he was looking at John, (without him noticing, of course.) The smaller man was standing in the kitchen, preparing breakfast and tea for himself and for Sherlock. (The toast and tea were still standing on the coffee table in front of him, untouched and turned cold after standing there for more than three hours now.) But when John was waiting for the kettle to boil, Sherlock's gaze had gone from his head to toe, seeing that the doctor was wearing two different socks. Two different socks! How tedious! His left sock had been a dark grey one, while his right sock had a slightly lighter hue. How could the man not have noticed that? His taste in jumpers was already hideous, so it was unacceptable that the man was wearing to different socks. There must be something wrong with his sock index.
Even now that man made his stomach twist with joy. How inconceivable. But very welcome. That smile could lit his heart everywhere, any time. God. He never truly had him and now he never would. Stupid. He heard Marc getting up from his stool again. The man yawned. He started gathering his brushes and probably cleaning them, and when he was ready he came back to him. Sherlock's body cramped, as if his transport was trying to get away from the man. Marc chuckled, and stroked Sherlock's side, causing another spasm. He then went back to tying his ankles together, causing pain to his sprained ankle and intense pain at his dislocated knee. It made him see light flashes behind his eyes. He moaned, causing Marc to laugh. Then he did the same with his wrists. His dislocated shoulder almost made him pass out again. Sherlock was repeating in his head to himself; "stay awake, stay awake, stay awake, stay awake."
My body is cramping now. My muscles are sore and despite it all, my empty stomach is rumbling. I haven't eaten in five or six days, I can't remember precisely. The heat in this country is suffocating. It feels like dust in my lungs, sticky across my skin. I don't like this warmth. Have I told you that I covered myself up to hide away from my attackers? I'm wearing a turban and a djellaba, trying to mingle with the people in the streets, but I am to tall. The people here are shorter than in London, they all seem to have the same height as you. Or it could just be my imagination.
"I know. But I couldn't have you. So I tried to live a normal life as your purely platonic friend and roommate, tried to put my focus elsewhere, dating nice woman, but they just could never compete with you."
Sherlock looked at her and stood up to do as she asked. When they were both sitting again, Ava gave him a look.
It was at least the ninth time John had asked Sherlock to sit model so he could finish his drawing of the back piece. And it was at least the second time that John really did manage to get some pencil stripes on to the paper before he just couldn't help himself and touch the gorgeous man in front of him. That arse really was fucking distracting.
" Yes, but barely, he's losing the battle. I need an ambulance, right now. And the police. We're in his atelier behind the house. Suspect is probably sleeping inside the house."
"You did?" Ava said, the lightheartedness back in her voice. She got up from her chair and opened the hatch. She took the bag out and brought it with her to the desk.
If that's what it took to be in his beloved London, with the love of his life next to him, he just had to endure that.
Sherlock's voice was just a bit more than a whisper, and he saw the small smile coming back at John's face, while he was staring at the flames again. Sherlock looked at the man in front of him. He studied how his face was lit by just the fire in the hearth, a small smile playing on the man's lips. It was perfection. Sherlock felt a sweet ache in his stomach and chest. And instead of repressing this feeling as he usually did, he let it flow over him. He felt his cheeks redding and his heart beat hard against his ribs. The realization hit him. He had been carefully avoiding this. Shutting it out and ignoring it. Keeping his statement of being a sociopath, a machine. But he had been fooling himself for years, thinking that he could control this. After four years since meeting this remarkable man, his feelings hadn't changed a bit, but only had gone stronger. He was still deeply in love with this wonderful, beautiful man.
Scrotum: Severe pain, pain in the abdomen, swelling, fever; Testicular contusion, and possible rupture.
"Yes he is, isn't he?" Sherlock answered her question. Esmeralda turned the paper and lay it back as she had found it.
"I know. But you should stop acting like a coward and give it a try. You two are good together. I don't even think that Sherlock Holmes and Ava Jones is a better combination than Sherlock Holmes and John Watson will be. You love him, Sherlock. Don't let that go to waste."
At first John had thought he truly had lost his mind, that he finally had hit rock bottom and saw things that were not there. But when he realized that the man in front of him was real and alive, he had hit him. He had hit him hard, almost broke his nose, actually. And when he finally stopped shouting at him, calling him names and cursing him, he had cried. John had cried his heart out. And Sherlock had held him tight in his arms, letting John cry out all the pain and suffering he had felt that last year. Sherlock had brought him to bed, tucked him in, stroked his hair and stayed with him until he fell asleep, a single butterfly in his stomach gingerly coming back to life, and his heart had started beating again.
"A bit faith, John. I'm keeping the doses low, so I can think properly. If you'll excuse me, I need to go to my mind palace and analyse my injuries."
But after that night, everything had changed. It felt as if Sherlock finally managed to convince himsèlf of being a sociopath, instead of letting everybody else believe it. He was more distant from his feelings and emotions than he had ever been before the fall. The only thing that seemed to matter to him anymore was the work. But John could see cracks in that mask. From time to time John saw a real smile on Sherlock's face, he felt the man's eyes linger to long at him, and he could see joy sparkle in his eyes when John did something stupid or funny. And with every small and careful step Sherlock took to become more himself again, the butterflies in John's stomach seemed to flutter more and more. The last two months had been hard. Sherlock's mask seemed to crack further and further, revealing the true man underneath. His actions were more thoughtful; he tried to take John's feelings into account. He laughed more and John had even seen him blush a few times. When he took on the case of the missing art models, he went even further. Sherlock seemed intrigued with this new side of John he had never shown him before. But getting back in touch with his creative side made him more emotive, affectionate. It was starting to get harder and harder to ignore the butterflies that were just trashing his stomach now.
"O my god. Sherlock! Sherlock, please!   Hush... easy there. It's alright, everything is going to be alright." John said dropping on his knees next to the man. He felt so much relief his chest hurt. He saw Sherlock's mouth make an movement.
Sherlock noticed the switch John made. If he didn't know any better, he would swear John had looked at him with hunger in his eyes, his whole body tensed up as if he was trying to stop himself from getting up and walking down at him, just to just throw him down and own him. Sherlock had felt his breathing speeding up, his head spinning and then he felt a drop of water falling down from his hair. John's eyes had followed it going down at his body, and Sherlock had to give everything he had not to display the way he was aroused underneath that look.
"It's Tuesday, well, technically Wednesday. A week day. I need to go to work tomorrow. Can't fall asleep treating patients, can I? You go and keep that big brain of yours busy figuring everything out. You can tell me all about it in the morning, okay?" John stood up and stretched himself. Sherlock's eyes were lingering at him again. John gave him a sleepy smile and walked towards the stairs to his bedroom.
"Don't interrupt, Mycroft. I'm trying to persuade John to see the logic in this. If his slow little brain can keep up, that is. "
Cocaine. Letting the drugs enter his vain, making its way down his whole body, hitting his brain and increase the dopamine release, giving him an elevated mood. No.That would upset John, a lot. He didn't want to upset John, ever. But he had made the man cry Thursday night. He had giving John pain. Pain he couldn't take away. Pain he should not had brought up again in the first place, just because he was curious about the drawings. No. He would try to do everything to keep John happy and around. He was truly lost without his blogger.  Sherlock reached for his violin and started to tune the snares with his fingers. When they sounded the way he wanted, he took his bow and started playing. His eyes closed and his face lit by the lamppost outside.
And with that words he turned around, seeing the flames licking at the back of the lab. Time to evacuate the facility.
He looked John in his eyes and gave him a tiny smile. Then Sherlock cupped his large hands carefully around John's face and got his face close to his, his eyes never leaving John's. After a heartbeat he let his lips touch the mouth of the shorter man. Very softly, very cautious, closing his eyes and tried to not let the feelings overwhelm him. And when he pulled back to look John in his eyes, he didn't see any hesitation, only determination.
"Good? Are you kidding me? It is perfect, Sherlock. Absolutely perfect. I... I just... Well, thank you. I want to thank you. It's very thoughtful of you, very sweet."
John closed his eyes and lowered his back, leaning both hands on the sink in front of him. The butterflies in his stomach fluttering happy around.
He had changed over the years of course. He wasn't the popular boy anymore, he smiled less then he used too, and he wasn't that quick and maneuverable as he used to be. But that happens when you get older. The man in front of him had changed too. Instead of gangly he had gotten lean, instead of hiding himself mocking in the library, thinking that everyone around him was an idiot, he now went out and told everyone that they were idiots, he still mocked, but he also had fun chasing criminals and solving mysteries. They both changed. Life happened.
"O my god. Sherlock! Sherlock, please! Hush... easy there. It's alright, everything is going to be alright."
While John was looking at his phone and waited for Sherlock to come back, a familiar voice called his name.
"I did. I never believed you lied to me all that time we were together. I never believed a thing you said on that phone call."
The email was from an art school in London. They had evening classes for adults, where they gave lessons in portraits and working from a living model. The models were hired from an agency specialised in art models, or they were people who volunteered to work with them. The problem was, that some of the models had disappeared after a few lessons. They were listed as missing persons. The four missing models were all male and between thirty and forty years old. The first one went missing three years ago. All the female models were left alone, as were the male models younger than thirty and older than forty. It took a long time before anyone saw the connection between the missing men, because of the time span between the missings, and the fact that the men had no other connections with each other.
I almost acted on it, a number of times. You remember that time in the hallway? You were so close and I could only see your perfect lips moving. I could hardly contain myself from taking those lips with my own, covering them, tasting them. To show you how much you mean to me. Or those times you were sitting in your chair, freshly from the shower, your hair damp and the morning paper in your hands? I had to hold myself from getting my fingers through that damp hair, to get that night gown off of you, always a bit disappointed that you weren't wearing mine. All those times I stood over your shoulder looking at the screen of your laptop, reading your blog or to see what you found when I asked you to search something for me. Those times I was so close to you, I could smell you. Remember that time we were handcuffed together? That's my favourite. That moment I acted. It wasn't much, but I was so happy just to hold your hand. I can still feel your fingers against my palm. I will cherish that moment for the rest of my life, how long that even will be.
"I'm going to take the sedative. It will take about ten minutes before I'm gone, and then, gorgeous, you are going to press the red button."
Sherlock was quiet. John gave him time to process everything he just said to him. He looked at him, laying there in that hospital bed with all the tubes and wires on him, the coloured bruising's on his face, the splint leg sticking out from under the sheets. And decided that he was still bloody gorgeous.
But while he told him, Sherlock just buried his face in the files of the case. It felt if he was avoiding him. John feared that Sherlock somehow had managed to find out what John really felt for him, and that that was the reason for his behaviour. When they got home Tuesday night, Sherlock was in a mood. They ignored each other in the cab, and when they got home, Sherlock slammed the door of his bedroom so hard, John feared that he had slammed it out of it's frame. He didn't see him for the rest of the evening.
"You're cute, John Watson. You're a good man. Use that big heart of yours. Be happy. I'm glad I got to know you, too, and I wish you all the best."
John walked towards the door, stopping behind Sherlock, putting his hand on the man's shoulder. After a few seconds, Sherlock put his own hand on top of it, squeezing it shortly, before letting go. Without a word, John left.
"No, no, no. Don't be. I understand. It's private. Your emotions are in those shades. It's like a diary. You don't show people your diary either."
"Yes. Almost as much as you do. He's different. He's bloody smart, funny and pretty. What's not to like?"
"We're on a night out. That's all the excuse I'll need. And were not undercover yet. As soon as David comes in, I'm Gerald again." Sherlock replied, and he left John standing at the end of the bar on his own.
John raised a questioning eyebrow and signed to the glasses and bottle in his hand. Sherlock took a deep breath.
Another hard strike, full on the kidney this time. Sherlock let out a small huff, making Marc smile.
Sherlock took another pull of his cigarette. John jealous? Impossible. Although the part of John looking as if he wanted to rip out someone's  throat sounded like something that could definitely had happened. He had seen the man furious, and it was truly frightening. But jealous? Why? For what? No. David must have mistaken himself. And what about the whole bedding thing? How could the man think he knew what he would like? He didn't even know himself. Not that he was inexperienced, no matter what his brother believed. Sex was something that people used to manipulate, what they could force up to another, where they committed crimes for, even murder. How could Sherlock not have studied that? Of course he had. Sometimes it was fun, but mostly it had been nothing more than gathering data. Men, woman, top, bottom, high, drunk, sober, long, short, he tried it. The only thing he disliked about it was the fact that he felt like he almost lost control over his body. His body was transport, his mind controlled it, not the other way around. And he couldn't afford to lose his control around anyone. Nobody was entitled to look through his shield, to see that he was just a man after all. There was no one who had the right to look into his soul. No one but one. And that was never going to happen. Sherlock stared into the darkness, pulling on his cigarette once more.
"You don't expect me to end up like Beth or Clive or Daniel? Do you? There's nothing else we can do, gorgeous. And I like to keep some of my dignity before I die."
This whole drawing course had awoken the butterflies in his stomach again. They had been quiet for months now. Not that they had ever been truly gone, just quiet. They did die though, two years ago. They died together with the man he loved more than anyone in the world. His world had gone grey and the butterflies died, leaving an hollow, empty space inside. And not just the butterflies died. His heart had stopped beating, stopped existing, his heart had died too. But Sherlock came back. He came back after he had made sure that the threat towards John was destroyed.
