Sherlock’s mobile vibrated again, and Sherlock quickly checked the message. The older man across from him pointedly cleared his throat.
Molly swallows hard, but her smile is still intact. “Just on my birthday?”
John crouched down so that he was at the same level as the young boy, who was at most nine or ten. It was something that medical school had taught so many years ago. People trust you when they can see you eye to eye, and this was no exception.
After another seven minutes, Sherlock broke his record destroying blind dates when Ted left looking green in the face. Apparently, explaining how to properly cut out a human spleen with only a pair of scissors in heavy detail wasn’t very good dinner talk for a certain lawyer.
However, growth did occur, both in the literal and the figurative sense, and Sherlock found it a much easier task to take Mycroft’s advice. He became a man of deduction and scientific reasoning, and valued books over sentiment like a proper Holmes should.
position. And maybe John will, once he gets over the sheer amount of gall that it takes for someone to rummage through his clothing and be demanding answers for anything.
“Shh, don’t tell anyone. I’m supposed to be quitting. You can’t be a surgeon and smoke.”
“Fine, but that means you can’t tell Harry either.” Sherlock challenges, raising an eyebrow. John feels something pull at his chest, and his stomach flips a little. Sherlock knows damn well that he’d never told Harry in the first place.
The driver nodded and pulled out a sleek black mobile phone from his pocket. John didn't wait to see if he was going to call or text the DI. He just walked around the car, stared at the boot while wondering where on earth they'd store the yarn back home, and quickly got into the car beside Sherlock.
John unceremoniously dumps Sherlock in his chair, and mumbles something about getting him some water. Sherlock’s skin itches as the contact is withdrawn, but he can’t focus on it for long, as he is overwhelmed with giggles when he turns to watch John walk into the kitchen. The doctor is swaying as he walks, losing his balance every couple of steps, grasping for whatever furniture is closest to help keep him upright.
The bastard.
The first few items were exactly what John expected. His laptop nested inside a dark blue laptop sleeve, just where he had left it. A hastily folded suit that John wanted to explain he would iron out at the hotel. Then another suit, a bit better in fit but just as wrinkled. One brown dress shoe and then it’s mate.
“Hello, Irene.”
When Sherlock pushed the bottle of lube against his chest, John laughed again before settling on the bed with his chest pressed against Sherlock's back.
“I can still hear you, you know!” Lestrade shouted from behind the closed door, but it only caused them to laugh harder.
A small huff of breath, and John downs the rest of his drink in three large swallows.
“That’s mine,” Sherlock continued. “I mean...it’s a sexual substitution of me for John to utilize during his trip. Completely accurate to all of my proportions and -- “
“I want you to stop treating me like I’m going to break! As if, because I love you, I’m not exactly the same person as before!” John bites his lip, and sees Sherlock almost step forward, but stop himself. He looks torn and seems to be trying to figure out what is the most logical thing to do next.
He settled back down in the sitting room and wrote down a few more errant facts, just to get them out of his head and onto the page. Then he’d recategorise until every future action was perfect from his side, with enough alternating variables to keep John none the wiser. Sherlock felt his phone buzz from his pyjama pocket, and it was hard to stomp down the quiver of disappointment that the text wasn’t from John.
“Maybe this was a bad idea.” He says, craning his neck to find the exit. They should just get out of here, forget the whole endeavour and retreat to the safety of 221b. There, he knows exactly who he is, where he stands.
"Ever hear of The Captain?"
"If you have no preference," John said, smoothly lowering himself down onto his back beside Sherlock, "Fuck me. I want to watch you, and if I'm on top, I won't be able to do that."
"Touch me," Sherlock murmured, grabbing John's right wrist and placing it onto the globe of his left arsecheek. "Let me know how this makes you feel. I must know everything you want to do to me. Tell me
“Of course I’m scared. I don’t know what’s wrong with me, I can’t get you out of my head.”
"Sherlock," he said, or thought he'd said, at the very least. His lips hadn't moved, so either he'd imagined speaking, or it had come out as a jumble of sound rather than his lover's name. With the greatest amount of effort, he managed to get the fingers of his left hand to twitch and gave Sherlock's hip a clumsy pat.
“Nor me for that matter.”
The young man smiled and moved a little closer.
Sherlock sips and an unearthly satisfied sound leaves his mouth, and his already tenting erection gets even more interested in what’s happening currently.
“Sorry about rent,” John begins, as he opens his bedroom door. “I should be getting my next payment by Friday.”
Sherlock waits outside the main entrance, breathing in the lukewarm air. What else had John intended to say? If Sherlock didn’t know better, he’d say John had sounded flirtatious, but there is no way that could be true — especially given the upcoming wedding. So what had John meant?
“So magnificent,” John whispers and Sherlock’s cock swells even more. “When you’re like this...writhing on the bed just for me…”
“Oh, I have every right. My baby brother is many things, Dr Watson. He’s arrogant, petty and childish. He also has the frustrating ability to seek out the most harmful things in the world and reach for them without a second’s hesitation. I wish you to reconsider being yet another burn he’ll have scars over.”
“Yeah,” John answered, and by the panting quality of his voice, Sherlock wondered if he had run all the way to the morgue from the front entrance. “Got Molly’s text...and took the first cab here.” John rounded his glare at Sherlock. “Why didn’t you tell me that you came about the case? I would have headed over straight away.”
“Your choice of jumper pulls out the darker cerulean shades of your eyes. Quite appealing in the ambiance of candlelight.”
John lamely waves a hand at Sherlock and prays that he will use his vast deduction skills to work out the unsaid meaning. Instead, Sherlock blinks a few times and looks down at himself.
“Nothing, I just want to stay sharp, for the case—”
“First women fawn over you,” I smirk, “Then you’re on the gaydar of every willing man within earshot. How will they take your sudden retirement?”
close, but then...this." John gestured to the two lines of prose as if it had foiled a well-constructed plan. "It's as if he's trying to give me hope. A flash of light in the darkness that he needs me to follow."
” A playful smile hung on Lestrade’s lips, and John looked as if he wanted the earth to open up and swallow him whole. Sherlock ignored him — John was embarrassed by the most trivial things, who cared if they were having sex? It was just another biological function, there was nothing embarrassing about it.
Sherlock pauses, his eyes scanning John’s face. John wishes he had a manual for that incredible brain of his. That he could translate every firing neuron; understand exactly what Sherlock needs right now. Eventually, Sherlock blinks, a little more than necessary, and answers: “No.”
His bottom lip hurt from biting it so hard, but the pain helped keep the tears at bay. When he finally felt he could speak again without collapsing into an emotional mess, he changed the topic before Sherlock could ask questions. Perhaps another time, they could revisit the topic, but this was as much as he could handle for now. So he switched to the other interesting topic of the day. The drug Mary had injected Sherlock with.
To make up for the cab ride, Sherlock tried to make dinner a magical affair. He googled first dates — reading article after article on how to create an exceptional experience. Most of it was aimed at heterosexual couples, which was less than helpful, but there were small nuggets of useful information. The bits about eye contact and laughing at the other person’s jokes came across as somewhat insipid, but Sherlock still placed the information in sections of his mind palace for easy access later on.
Frieda purrs as she rubs against Molly’s leg as if in agreement.
“Give us a moment,” John chuckles. “Apparently I’m a bit long winded with these things. Sherlock...will you marry me as well?”
"Your brother taught me many things…" John began. He lifted the violin to touch the strings. The slight sound of a pluck hovered in the room. "That people follow patterns, and any deviation of patterns means something more. Notates nervousness or fear, and you need to investigate closer."
Sherlock moaned loud and long as John stroked him off. An echo of their first time, pinned to the wall, and it was magnificent. All of it.
Also around 7 pm: Harry stopped by and insisted on taking him out to what she deemed was
they were always had hidden motives or secret agendas. And Sherlock had seen the way John looked at him--John may have thought he’d covered his botched flirting attempt during their first case at Angelo’s, but Sherlock knew better. He just hadn’t anticipated that John would ever admit it to himself. Sherlock had never imagined that John’s heterosexuality would peel away with the layers of their clothing, and the newly uncovered bisexuality be so comfortable in its nakedness.
“Why would I do that? You didn’t want anyone to know. As usual.” He says the last sentence under his breath, but still loud enough for John to hear. John ignores it.
Ellie giggles as Sherlock rolls his eyes at John’s question.
The boy's eyes widened, and John was struck by how Sherlock looked in a similar way when an idea had come to him all of the sudden.
Four back to back shifts, and none of them had been anything less than tedious. The answers and clues were more obvious in each case that was handed over to him. Forensics was supposed to be full of fascinating discoveries and complex clues, but instead, it was monotonous paperwork and seeing Anderson’s stupidity on a semi-regular basis.
“Only me? But why?”
of this mattered.
Sherlock whispered John’s name in the silence of the room, but he might as well screamed with how raspy his throat felt right after. The camera was steadily watching as John slowly slid his lips over Sherlock’s cock and rolled his tongue in all of the known places that would make Sherlock buck his hips in involuntary spasms and jerks. Mycroft, no doubt, would have been the only one viewing the video feed in an attempt to make sure that John and Sherlock didn’t try to stuff any of the precious documents into their coats or take pictures of anything with their smartphones. A small smirk flitted on Sherlock’s face at the look of horror in his older brother’s eyes at what they decided to do in the lens of the camera instead. Imagining his brother closing the feed on whatever device he was watching them on and demanding that the video be deleted from the record was most possibly the most hilarious thing that Sherlock could imagine at the moment.
. The body was found this morning up at Parkland Walk. Forensics put the time of death around midnight last night. Sherlock, Pierce hasn’t left the station, but it’s exactly the same MO. The keys, the strangulation, everything. I’d say it’s a copycat, but, well, we haven’t released the details to the public yet. There’s nothing to copy from.” Lestrade’s voice was straining, teetering on the verge of panic. Sherlock hadn’t heard it many times before; Lestrade must have been under pressure from above. “Sherlock, we need you.”
Food was placed on the table, and Greg laughed as he took a bite of his fish and chips.
John can’t help but frown, imagining which area of the body he would punch each of Sherlock’s former lovers first for not doing what should come naturally with someone as brilliant as Sherlock. Sherlock gives a small chuckle and reaches out. His fingers interlace with John’s, and the first touch sends a warm glow through John. His body has been aching for this, every cell experiencing withdrawal symptoms at being so far apart from the detective. This touch feels like a breath of fresh air.
“Just a little bit - “ Sherlock moaned, right into John’s face. His hips were moving in quick little snaps as the climax moved even more to the brim of bursting, eyes opened and rolling madly. “John...I…”
“That’s a shame, but you’re here now. All that matters. What are you drinking? I’d be happy to refill it for you with something more expensive, if you like.”
There were birds soaring in the lining of his eyelashes, and surge number three made a mighty escape into John's somehow still waiting mouth. Finally, a shudder of a groan flowed through Sherlock's chest, and he sank into the sofa, John's name repeated over and over and over again.
"Stop frowning, or I'll have to make you forget why you're unhappy," John said smoothly, far too pleased with himself and his ability to not bring it up every twenty seconds. "With any luck, once we're back home, I can snog you so hard you forget you have a brother."
“Sherlock, are you following dating tips?” John’s brow furrowed when Sherlock hesitated a moment too long. “Have you...have you never done this before?”
a doctor, but unfortunately, his focus was on a much different man at that moment. A man who had somehow found the needed opportunity to slip an object into his overnight bag. An object that would cause more than eyebrows to raise in the bustling early morning of Heathrow airport. An object that now had John in a small windowless room with strategically placed video cameras capturing his slow death by embarrassment.
“I’m fine with what I have,” Sherlock answered, and the guy’s smile flickered.
The sounds of pots and pans clinking together drifted through the open doorway, shortly followed by John’s out-of-tune singing. Sherlock smiled into the pillow, his stomach flipping with an unrecognisable emotion. No-one had ever done this before. No-one had stayed past morning light, let alone made him breakfast. He felt out of his depth, unsure as to where the boundaries lay. He had perfected sex—practised and memorised each flick of the wrist, every thrust of his hips that would elicit a specific reaction. He knew exactly where his abilities lay, exactly how to get what he wanted from each encounter, but this—this he had no clue. Was he expected to reciprocate? To make breakfast the next time, or carry out some romantic gesture? He wasn’t sure if he was capable. Yet, part of him wanted to try. That was new too. The caring. He hadn't felt that in a long time.
"No," John shouts, as he slams his fist down onto the kitchen table. The sudden noise is enough to have Sherlock look up from his notepad and shoot over a puzzled expression. John scrubs his other hand over his weary face.
The DI whistles out a breath and leans back in the booth. “That’s...a lot John. Especially for him. He’s...not that I knew much about the blokes he was with before you, but Sherlock has never been one for proclamations like that.”
Sherlock squeezes his hand knowingly, not saying anything but giving a warm smile. John is not a man who cries easily, but he can feel tears welling up in his eyes, and he has to swallow hard to stop them from falling. If he could go back in time, if he could speak to himself as a child, he’d tell himself about this. Explain to sixteen-year-old John that one day, the feelings inside him would make sense. That he’d be able to rid himself of the shame he’d been given, the confusion he carried around everywhere he went.
“The bartender says the gin here is outstanding, so thought I’d give it a go.” John swallows the drink in a few measured gulps before giving Sherlock a nod. “Be ready to protect me from flying objects.”
Climbing up the stairs to John’s own bedroom became more of a challenge. The first empty bottle of beer laid on its side as if to warn Greg of what was to come. It was clear that John only could keep the facade of what others would call normalcy up to a certain point. The cracks always began to show in the pathway to where he slept. Usually, on nights like this when Greg had to find him and not the other way around, alcohol was always involved. John drinking alone never ended up in funny stories. Instead, they began with a flurry of angry half-formed texts and trips to placate him in grubby pubs and finished with John the worse for wear.
She keeps going over and over the incident again. The purchased wine sits unopened and abandoned in the rubbish bin as she tries to figure out how to deal with situations like yesterday better in the future. She needs to not fall apart at what ignorant people say and do.
“I’m home...yes,” Sherlock whispered back, and with a sudden jolt of joy John pulled him down into the bed and hugged him with all the might he could possess at a quarter after midnight.
This was becoming a habit. The type of routine that Greg endured the way others at the Yard muscled their way through evening paperwork that had to be finished before they could call it a night. To finally be able to maneuver out of the offices to blend in with the other grey faces of passersby in the heart of central London. All bundled up in scarves and long coats that every so often reminded the DI that Sherlock wasn’t the only one who wore wool and cashmere as a suit of armor. Still, it was hard to imagine a planet could exist without Sherlock Holmes at its center. The man was a force of nature who seemed to, by his brilliance alone, keep the world on exactly the correct axis. All while screaming at the top of his lungs and single-handedly pushing Anderson closer and closer to a complete nervous breakdown.
Oh, also all this (previous chapters and this one) take place on a Tuesday. They haven't even known each other a full freaking day yet LOL
“Hmm? Oh, fine I guess? Haven’t really had anything to do with it, really. You know how Mary can be. Already has everything arranged. I just need to show up with a suit and a smile and she’ll be thrilled.”
Deciding that arming Sherlock with a hot cup of tea was not in his best interest, knitting needles were bad enough. John ignored the kettle when it clicked off. Still, he had to do something before Sherlock gave himself a coronary. Once the last of the bags were inside and the door was shut, John went and sat on the sofa.
“Knows that...you had feelings for me?”
“The other night was a mistake,” John says, and Sherlock’s eyes narrow. He stands, taking a step towards John.
“I don’t know. I don’t know anything anymore.’
“Boys, this is a crime scene. Dial it down.” Lestrade chides, one placating hand raised.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered shut as he hugged him back. The steady warmth and heaviness was as splendid as any shock blanket. John was here and missed him. John was hope and light, and that meant more than anything awful that they had been through, didn’t it?
When John awoke, it was dark out, and the clock proudly proclaimed it 11:47 Wednesday night in bright green numbers. John rolled onto his side and opened his mouth to ask Sherlock if he'd be wanting dinner. But the words caught in his throat when he realised the other half of the bed was completely empty. Panic had John wide awake, though not thinking clearly, in a matter of seconds. He reached for the gun sitting on the nightstand and tore through the flat. Somehow missing the fact that the bathroom door was shut and the sound of water echoed through the hall.
The last word John says feels sweet on Sherlock’s tongue as he kisses those lips for the first time. The sensation of John’s surprising gasp turns into a deeper sound of what hope does when it turns into a reality. The warmth of sure hands as John grips him just like he did hours ago when he rescued Sherlock from a date with the front end of a car, yet this time, there is nothing fleeting about it. John stays there. Holding him so close that Sherlock can feel John’s heartbeat rumble against his own chest. The buttons of John’s shirt rubbing his aching skin until one of them decides to pull away some of the fabric. Cold skin touches skin, and they both release a breath into the air of 221 Baker Street that sounds like a collective sigh of what the night has become.
“You think I made a mistake by not talking to him, right?”
It’s not like the army-doctor isn’t used to the level of dedication and obsession that Sherlock displays when The Work is involved. It’s part of who Sherlock is, and John has accepted that for years. It is part of what makes Sherlock so utterly brilliant at what he does, so if filling up the rooms of 221b with enough artwork to create a mini-museum is what he needs, then so be it. To be able to witness Sherlock being fantastic will always be worth it to John.
Now Martha lived in a waiting room. Her ears and heart both opened the occasional days when John would make up an excuse to sit across from her kitchen table. Patiently waiting for the niceties to subside so that Sherlock’s name finally broke the surface of silence, and they both could breathe once more.
“Sherlock? Are you still with us?” John gently nudges his side, and Sherlock remembers he’s supposed to be speaking. He’s been spacing out a lot tonight, and it’s not fair on John. Sherlock runs a hand through his hair, pulling slightly, trying to pull himself together.
"If this were my flat, with my name on the lease, I'd be redecorating right now. Brain matter is totally
. Sherlock knew at this point tears were on his cheeks and ending up in his mouth. The salty flavour was everywhere, but all he could do was groan in the afterglow, and when he thought it was over, he came again.
“You agreed to at least three clubs, John...and this one is one of the biggest.”
People around Sherlock clap and whoop at his insanity, but Sherlock barely cares. His eyes are on John, who is watching his every move with an expression Sherlock has only seen when John is about to call him brilliant or tell him that he is amazing. John’s gaze falls towards Sherlock’s footwork before lifting upwards to his calves and legs, then perhaps other places on the lower half of his body. Sherlock only can guess while in full motion. Or rather, can only hope.
“Oh my god, Leah? What are you doing here?” John exclaimed.
"Ho voglia di te.  Mi fai impazzire." Sherlock frowned and then looked into John's bemused expression. "Parlando Italiano?"
“Honestly? Not like this. I just — I wanted to get things right. You were upset earlier.”
“We should talk about it a little more than this, don’t you think?”
The words sound as if they are causing Sherlock physical pain to say them. The bleakness of the admission covers the entire room in a soft desperation that might be destroying John from the inside out, and yet John finds himself nodding in agreement.
With that, his hand was around the base of Sherlock's cock, and his lips were ghosting kisses down his shaft from crown to tip. Sherlock was one to manscape, apparently, and the stubble scratched at his cheek and his upper lip. John just nuzzled closer, willingly accepting the fact that he'd have razor burn for an hour or two after he was done. It would be well worth it to see Sherlock once again crumbling under the force of his orgasm.
“Yeah.”
“They are. Lestrade found a new body last night, I went to look at it whilst you were asleep.”
He would have to collect more data. This just proved that he needed to learn everything he could, and show John that he could be a good partner. He could be what he needed.
John comes in a bitten-off cry and Sherlock feels every pulsating centimeter. His mind is awash with white noise as he floods inside of John’s waiting body. Eyes rolling madly and muscles on autopilot as he keeps spilling more and more. John’s open mouth kisses hot on his face as Sherlock feels a blast of wind against his back as if the roof has blasted off of 221b. He might as well be flying.
"They're not paying us any attention," Sherlock murmured. "Ignore them."
Sherlock followed his movements avidly, as if he were a strange specimen under experimentation reacting in an unexpected fashion.
"No! Are these things you want, Sherlock?"
John clutched at Sherlock and tried to say something intelligent.
Sherlock smiled at his phone.
John felt his ears go hot. "What would a landlady know about…?"  he trailed off.
for Christmas."
Time slowed down, space constricted, Crowley was gone, and John was in Sherlock's arms, kissing him with abandon and
Sherlock studied the slice of soft, golden cake on the plate in front of him. "This doesn't look like fruitcake."
"Define 'fuck'." Sherlock said, a faint smile coming to his lips.
The workmen from Barts arrived carrying the box in pieces. They re-assembled it swiftly and expertly, and John was reminded of his army days, the very precise bustle in setting up a new camp.
----------
"A Disquisition Upon the Arts of Love," he read, feeling himself blush. "Including Instruction in those Acts Most Pleasurable to Perform, with Guidance on Divers Amusements with Instruments of Pain, Constraints, and Sensory Deprivation; for Couples, Flatmates…" John stuttered to a stop on the word.
. Sherlock runs him on one mad reckless race through London after another and it's the best time John's had in years, they catch their breath in alleyways and laugh together in empty hallways and--
"It's in the book."
John frowned. "But?"
"Quite a bit, I'd say. Think about it."
Sherlock leaned closer to him, smiling. He gave John's cock a good squeeze.
Sherlock stopped fighting. John collapsed onto him, panting.
"Not."
That didn't mean
The shopkeeper fixed his puppy eyes on John, who unaccountably felt his mouth go dry. "Yes?" the man said mildly.
People passed by the entrance to their little zone of public privacy. A woman walking a dog. A man pushing a pram. A drunk who raised a beer can and cursed the sky. Two businessmen talking, not to each other, but into mobile phones.
. He accidentally bumped an intricate structure sitting on the counter and it collapsed into a heap of broken glass and tubing. The violin stopped.
"Sherlock, it's Christmas. Secrets are to be expected this time of year. It's only short-term," he added.
"I doubt you'll find it in there."
"What will Mycroft say? Very little, if he follows form. What will he think? God knows. But as for finding out, he knows already."
John had to agree. "You haven't answered my question."
"Blah blah blah, with Many Helpful Hints, Illustrations, Maps, and Schematics. By a Landlady of Quality."
"Pity," Sherlock said. "We could have--" he frowned.
"Never," Sherlock said. "But look at the windows. Second-hand bookshop run by a book collector turned shopkeeper. He doesn’t care if he sells books or not, it's merely a convenient way to store them. He'll be sitting behind the counter with his feet propped up, talking to a fellow bookman with the same social graces as his own, which are nil. Both are probably old duffers in their fifties. It'll be nearly as cold inside as it is out here, with all of the heat in the shop coming from a small heater aimed directly at the shopkeeper's feet. The place will smell of cabbage and ammonia. The shelves will be full to overflowing, possibly with precarious stacks on the floor that make the place impossible to navigate and a fire hazard as well. He knows where every book in the place is shelved, or piled, but he won't offer to help unless you ask, and if you do ask, you'll get a surly and unhelpful reply. So it's pointless to go in."
"Trying to get all my neurons firing in the right direction," Sherlock said. "You look terrible."
John fell into his chair, with both hands covering his face.
"I've been wanting to do that for a long time," Sherlock said suddenly.
"Yes, Sherlock?" John was grinning.
"Bit public, isn't it?" John winced at the hitch of excitement in his voice.  "I mean, fantasies are one thing, but--"
John smiled vindictively.
Lestrade looked at him sharply. "You're not planning to--"
"All that grunting and grasping, crawling over each other like alley cats in heat, begging and demanding…"
John sat down and opened a promising package. It promised a bit more than it delivered. For it contained a small, dark, heavy fruitcake. "Well," John said. "Not my favourite kind, but it might be all right. Homemade, by the look of it."
to him. Sherlock says "dangerous" and John snaps to attention. He follows Sherlock into the dim theatres of corrupt and criminal circuses, into the deadly embrace of assassin giants, into the clutches of Sherlock's true arch enemy. Tempting and dodging death at every turn--
John turned his head to stare, and Sherlock kissed him. Softly at first, then with as much furious passion as he'd spent fighting him. Rolling again, shedding clothes, kissing and licking and hips grinding together, skin to skin, cock to cock, coming fast,
"There's no lighting at all."
---------
"Yes, fine," Sherlock said, grabbing at his hair. "I want
-- John, his hands deep in Sherlock's hair, gazing down at Sherlock with all the tenderness in the world.
"Where's your phone?"
Sherlock had given the empty corner a glare and a sniff before leaving, then smiled at John in a way that let him know he was still working on the Case of the Housecleaning Flatmate. John laid odds he'd have solved the mystery by the time he returned. No matter. The evidence was unmistakable, the case was closed. The box was here.
"Are you a romantic man, John?" Sherlock looked unbearably smug.
There was a sudden muffled sound of struggle nearby.
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson." John carefully did not look at Lestrade. He needed a drink. "Shall we just open this -- ah, here he is now."
"Are we having a threesome?" he said. "Whatever will Geoffrey say about that?"
Sherlock's head came up, making John think of an impatient stallion.
"Dundee cake? "
John. Who knows how long it sat congealing in her dank cellar, doused once a month in foul spirits, changing subtly and horribly as it absorbed the darkness that surrounded it, finally to coalesce into the black, inedible, indescribable horror my uncle placed on our table? I had nightmares for months."
"This is pointless, Sherlock."
"There were probably a lot of art lovers with buyer's remorse the next morning." John ran a finger down Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock sighed but didn't acknowledge the caress. "Is there a point?"
"Observation," John said dryly.
"But-- but--" John followed him up the stairs, clutching the book to his chest.
"I imagine he'll be… intrigued," Sherlock said musingly. "I'll ask him," he added briskly.
"Are they killing him?" Sherlock's hand stilled. They both listened.
"It hasn't got eyes," Sherlock said, rolling his own. But he turned the skull to face the wall.
John laughed. Sherlock joined him, and through their mirth, they somehow managed to eat all of Mrs Hudson's fruitcake -- or the evidence, as Sherlock called it -- and the biscuits that had accompanied it -- and went foraging in the kitchen, though luckily they were saved by Mrs Hudson, who appeared with another tray piled high with treats, smiled down at them wrapped around each other on the floor giggling helplessly, and disappeared.
"Fine," John said, thinking of all the
"No, no, nothing like that," John assured him. "It's for him, to sit in. And think."
"Right," John said. He frowned at the ceiling. "That's stupidity of a different kind. Can we just stick to sex is stupid ha ha?"
Sherlock looked from John to the shop and back at John. "Fine. If you manage to come out with a book, I'll make tea every morning for a week."
John knelt between Sherlock's knees. He'd been here for
"No."
He put it down in front of Sherlock, who looked up. And recoiled. He shoved his chair back and stood up so fast it fell over. He backed away from the table, his face white. "For God's sake, John,
"Inserting bits into each other's bits," John offered hopefully.
"Did you fuck?"
assume these two are dating, John thought. Even if they weren't. But of course they were.
"Been here before?" John peered through the storefront windows. Behind the glass, the books on display listed against each other dejectedly. They'd been in the window a long time. Too long.
John was sure that whatever people might imagine he and Sherlock did in bed, this wasn't it. Sherlock had been rummaging around in a case file he'd lifted from Lestrade; it was in bits and pieces all over his duvet. John tried not to look too closely at the grisly crime scene photographs. People wouldn't understand at all. He considered their circle of friends and arch-enemies. Lestrade and Molly, Anderson and Mycroft.
"I'm not--" John stopped. It had come out of his mouth automatically, out of habit. "Erm."
"Don't be immature."
"Sherlock?"
John couldn't take a step back without tangling with a coat rack. He stood his ground. "Is there something you want, Sherlock?"
"Don't you?"
"Then what
Satisfaction was quickly forthcoming.
"Right," John said.
Sherlock glanced at the wall. "Right."
And so it did. It was large, roomy, made of wood and smelled nice. Pine. He kicked it. "Sturdy."
"Right." Lestrade smiled wryly. "Think a bit too loudly?"
"Mycroft." John said feelingly, still eyeing the skull.
"That's good, then," John said to Sherlock's back.
"You've got a book too," John said, changing the subject.
. "It's funny, but I can't quite remember." I can't even
" He struggled for coherence as Sherlock's thumb stroking him. "So -- so -- long?"
John sat down across from him. "Tea?"
read it." He stopped hopefully.
"Enjoying yourself, Doctor Watson?" he said, in a perfect imitation of Lestrade's voice.
The shopkeeper leaned his elbows on the counter. "Recommended by a friend, was it?" he said kindly.
Sherlock perked up. "Rum?"
Sherlock's fingers pressed lightly against his throat. "Yes," he murmured "Good." The penlight flickered over John's face. "Talk," Sherlock demanded.
"Mycroft!" Sherlock sneered. "My brother gives me
That, John knew, at least. Mrs Hudson had told him at length and in great detail. "It's about, erm." Oh
"What an utterly stupid song," John muttered.
"There, there," Mrs. Hudson said, patting his arm. "We can't help who we are. Or," she said, "Who we end up with. Take it from me, dearie. It could be worse."
"A medical refrigerator?"
It was the delivery to Mrs. Hudson of a new refrigerator that gave John the idea (the fridge was for her flat, not theirs; she knew perfectly well what went into theirs and was not about to spend good money on a new one for them). The delivery men came with a big box, decanted the new appliance from it, then refilled it with the old one and took it away. In between, John contemplated the empty box in the hallway.
at Sherlock's body, instead of the covert glimpses he'd stolen for months. Sherlock was running his fingers along John's thigh, his head cocked slightly as if concentrating, like a safe-cracker listening to a set of complicated tumblers. It was on the edge of ticklish, but John kept still, because he didn't want Sherlock to realize what he was doing and stop.
"And breathe," John added. "So instead of holing up in my room, I thought I'd just, well..."
John smiled. Chapter Three. He was looking forward to it.
John picked up his fork. "But it is. The first step in overcoming one's fear of fruitcake is a taste of Dundee cake."
"Dark, spiced rum," John said.
"What? Erm. No. It's just for him. To sit in. And think. Without distractions."
"Very." Sherlock's quick smile might have been an apology. The room tilted back to normal and re-pressurized as he sprang away to his laptop.
"I can't GET no--"
John kissed Sherlock full on the mouth. He'd been wanting to do this for months.
"I-- I--," John stuttered. Sherlock squeezed. "Wait a minute, what?"
"No, it's not."
Sherlock played the violin beautifully, and for hours.
"Why?"
"It's the book you want," Crowley said.
Sherlock shook his head. "It's a wonder children survive Christmas at all."
"Right. That works. Just like being at home." John, all involuntary reflex, was thrusting against Sherlock's hand.
"That we're, erm. That we've--" John stopped. What were they? Lovers? Friends with benefits? What had they done? Had sex, obviously, and quite good sex. Would they do it again? John hoped so. Was it making love? He wasn't sure.
"No," Sherlock said. "Molly. She wanted to go for coffee."
John's exasperated sigh puffed a wintery cloud. "I'm going in."
"A test?" Sherlock's regarded him thoughtfully.
-- Sherlock, on his knees, looking up, his face glowing with -- what? Love? Gratitude? A trick of the light? Mycroft pressed a key and screencapped it.
Sherlock's answering kiss knocked John's head against the brick wall. Lips, tongue -- hands,
it's done, but
John settled back into his chair. This was better. Yes. Much better. Sherlock knelt between his knees, with John's cock in his mouth. Lovely.
It's not like that, really. They're not even close, though sometimes --
"Sounds useful." John blinked at a vision of the kitchen covered in ashes. How useful would his own book be?
A large book toppled from the shelf behind them and hit the floor with a bang.
"Packing him off somewhere?" Mike joked.
"Accurate, I think."
"BORED! BO--
Sherlock's smile flashed wider. "
"Oh." John said. "No, no." He smiled. "Don't worry, I wouldn't do that to you. God forbid."
John came awake slowly, from a pleasant dream that he couldn't remember, except for a strong impression that Sherlock had kissed him.
It was tight in John's jeans. Sherlock dug his fingers deeper down, trying to make room. "Legs apart," he said brusquely, sounding so much like a policeman -- like Lestrade, in fact -- that John let out an involuntary giggle, cut short when two of Sherlock's long fingers slipped under his balls.
"Perfect lighting." The cushions sagged next to him.
"Not barking yet," John said from between his fingers.
"What --? Oh my God." John stared at his fruitcake and suppressed an urge to giggle. "But -- Mrs Hudson --"
They both lost interest in paying customers at the same time and bent their heads together. People probably
"Lestrade?" Sherlock said, after a pause that was just a shade too long.
"You went to Barts," Sherlock said smugly.
"Take your pick," Mike said. "What's it for, anyway?"
"Instead of dragging me all over London looking for twenty different kinds of pipe tobacco, you could have just dragged me into an alley."
"Sherlock, will you stop--" John circled around behind the assailant.
"I want to hear you say it."
And if John followed too slowly, he was pushed and shoved at and manhandled into his jacket and ruthlessly towed along.
Sherlock suddenly took up John's hand, as if he'd known what John had been doing all along. His face was intent, serious, but there was a hint of amusement in his eyes. "If we were taped having sex, wouldn't you be mortified if it appeared on social media?"
"How can you tell? They could be-- be-- damn it, Sherlock, hang on!" Words fled him for a few moments as Sherlock's fingers did things to him he'd only let himself imagine in the deep hours of the night. "Acting," he managed.
man. He took up a lot of space, especially when he was thinking. It was as if his thoughts generated kinetic energy, sending him spinning around a room, vibrating and striking sparks off the walls. When he was bored he paced and fumed and shot at random targets. When the game was on, he'd dance and hug himself in sheer delight, then speed off like a motorboat cutting across a lake.
"You said, and I quote, 'I consider myself married to my work.'"
"I'm sure it is," John said. "I want to know how
"Leave it to me," John said.
Sherlock looked at him through his lashes, then made a fist and pumped it up and down.
So John had always imagined that if (or
"Define 'item.'"
. He could feel Sherlock's implacable gaze through the top of his skull.
"It is, isn't it? Sherlock smiled down at him. "Given that, if I were to say let's do it again -- what would you say?"
Two women careened by the entrance to the alley, arms wrapped around each other, trying to sing
John stomped back to face Sherlock.
Sherlock pressed his lips in a straight line and closed his eyes. A shudder went through his whole body, but when he opened his eyes again, he was calm. "Sorry. It takes me that way sometimes. I wasn't prepared."
"You'll see when you get home."
"Oh. I thought you were going to make an awful pun. About flutes."
"No, Sherlock," John said firmly.
"I heard you two banging in on the stairs again. All hours of the night! Did you catch them?"
--End--
"Dundee cake," Sherlock said dubiously, but he took a bite. He consumed more brandy than fruitcake, but it was a start, and the successful experiment put him in quite a holiday mood. His kisses tasted of brandy and sugar.
"Well, yes."
"Perhaps I could--"
. Hadn't he? His jaws ached. His knees hurt. He was getting a cramp in his
----------
"Why are we sitting in the dark?" Sherlock had pulled the drapes and switched off the lights. John closed his book.
Sherlock leans in close and one thing leads to another--
"But I--" Sherlock began. He closed his eyes. "It's an intriguing idea."
John, astonished, hastily returned the fruitcake to the bag. He stood up and took Sherlock by the shoulders. "Breathe, Sherlock."
"Did you and Lestrade ever engage in any activity that could possibly be construed as sexual?"
"If you knew --" he managed to say.
The door was still standing open, and Mrs. Hudson was on the threshold, bearing a tea tray adorned with plates of biscuits and something that looked suspiciously like fruitcake, and a bottle that looked promisingly like Scotch.  "What was all that banging about earlier? Oh! Inspector, I didn't know you were here. I've brought along some Christmas cheer."
"Cameras," he said more loudly. Sherlock looked up, their eyes met, and John's thoughts shattered into a thousand pleasurable pieces. As John came, Sherlock butted him against the wall, sucking with total, wanton, unbridled hunger. As John stood gasping, holding on to Sherlock's hair with both hands, Sherlock moaned against John's thighs and shuddered all over.
"And to accompany it --?" Sherlock said hopefully.
Sherlock kissed the corner of John's mouth, softly, almost experimentally. "Thank you."
The violin started again.
"No, it's a Christmas present. From me. For Sherlock." John wondered if he should have given more thought to explaining the box to other people. It had seemed so logical. He pinched the bridge of his nose. He'd started thinking like Sherlock, that was the problem.
"Coffee," Sherlock said.
"One of us might have finally buried it under the rosebushes." John grinned. "The rosebushes were never quite the same."
John fetched the Scotch and two glasses, and sat down next to Sherlock. Sherlock drank straight from the bottle. John took the bottle away from him and filled a glass. Then he poured two fingers into a glass for himself and drained it. "Do you want to talk about it?"
"He's an angel," Crowley said, pointing vaguely upwards, "but he's jealous." He snaked past John towards the stairs. "Don't forget the book," he said, turning to look at John over his shoulder. For an instant John had a vision of bright wings. He blinked and it was gone.
Mrs. Hudson tsk-tsked a bit more about the condition of the sofa. Sherlock made a show of plumping the pillows and smoothing the covering. Mrs. Hudson laid a tray of tea cakes on the table and left, gaily trilling over her shoulder, "You two have a nice day, and don't destroy any more of the furniture than you can help!"
"That's one way to put it."
"Oh yes. Very romantic. Chocolates, candlelit dinners, alley blowjobs. Hearts and flowers stuff. Can't get enough."
--------------
" he said.
"How amusing." Sherlock's lips twisted. "It disappeared? No one ate it, surely?"
John sputtered. "I believe it was your fault, Sherlock."
be a trick. It could be an experiment. It could be --
"Up," said John unsteadily, tugging at the shoulders of Sherlock's coat. They leaned on each other, buttoning and zipping themselves back into respectability. Sherlock formally offered John his arm as they left the alley.
"Don't you think it was brilliant?" Sherlock focused suddenly on John. "They pranked people into publicly acknowledging a commonplace but unspoken belief."
"Oh!" Sherlock spun around and grabbed at his hair. He spun back around and glared at John. Then his face smoothed into a satisfied smile. "It's a dissecting table."
Sherlock elbowed him back into the present.
They trudged homeward side by side, lost in thought, the cold forgotten.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand in sympathy. "Something very like that happened to me when I was a boy," he said. "In my case, it was a neighbour who brought it. Not quite such a horror -- just one of those gray, tasteless bricks one gets from the shops." He considered. "It probably wasn't aged, it was just old when it was made, you know what I mean?" Sherlock shuddered beside him. "It was certainly aged by the time it finally disappeared; it became a family joke and every Christmas it was back under the tree with one of our names on it."
"It's got the rubbery bits," Sherlock said, examining his portion.
." He started pecking again.
Sherlock grinned and leaned close to whisper in John's ear. "
"I think I'm getting the hang of fruitcake," Sherlock said. "What's this?"
John closed his eyes. "My neurons are firing off every which way, I'm sure." Then he smiled.
John feels
"Scotch, please," Sherlock said, sitting heavily on the couch.
"I see," Lestrade said, in a tone of voice that made it obvious he didn't.
"It wouldn't surprise me."
"You'll remind me, I'm sure." Sherlock pushed through the door.
you planning to put there?"
"It is?"
-- Sherlock had no boundaries
"Yes. All right. Yes."
Sherlock bounded from his chair and paced the length of the flat, holding the top of his head. He stopped suddenly and stood in the middle of the room staring at something John couldn't see. He pivoted to face John. "Right," he said softly, as if the solution to a complex problem in chemistry had been revealed to him.
“Do you want to play?”  Tim said suddenly, holding out the ball and directing the question at Sherlock, who looked taken aback.  His relaxed posture stiffened, and he looked at John with something approaching panic on his face.  John laughed, and said to Tim, “We’d love to!  Sure your mum won’t mind?”
“Off we go, then!”
John licked his lips as he took Sherlock in, shirtless and still hard in his shorts.  “God, you’re beautiful.”  Sherlock blushed, endearingly embarrassed by the compliment.
John chuckled.  Sherlock was right about that.  “Ok, then.  I was just thinking that I’d very much like to give you a hug, but then I worried that it was too fast, and decided to just enjoy this instead.”
“No, you can.  This’ll feel even better.  Promise.”
John chuckled to himself, pleased and surprised.  “That was brilliant, even for you, Sherlock.  How do you know I’ve been to Lisbon?  I don’t think I’ve ever mentioned it.”
Sherlock looked alarmed now.  How did Lestrade know?  Clearly John had told him.  Had John told Lestrade about his feelings before he’d told Sherlock?  That didn’t seem like John – he was a very private person – and yet clearly Lestrade knew more than Sherlock expected.
“Hardly! Though I was tempted.  I’m bloody famished.  But look at you in just your pants!  Someone’s feeling good this morning.”
Sherlock looked back at the horizon and grinned, not acknowledging John’s words.  John rolled his eyes and decided he’d deal with that battle when it arose.
“John let me know that he was going to talk to you, and that he intended to leave immediately for a holiday to give you time to think about it.  He asked me when my days off were, and we agreed that I would be available on the day he did it, so you would have someone to talk to if you wanted to. So ... I wasn’t terribly surprised to get your text.”
“Look, I don’t want to lie to you, but I also don’t think that’s the right question.  I think what you really need to work out is what you want.  John’s put all his cards on the table, even though I think it almost killed him.  He’s terrified of jeopardising your friendship, your …” Lestrade waved his hand, gesturing around the room.  Sherlock nodded.  Lestrade went on, “It’s ok if you don’t feel that way, Sherlock.  Really.  I want you both to be happy, and sometimes we fall in love with people who don’t feel the same way.  If that’s the case here, John will be in pain for a while, but he will be ok.  You don’t have to reciprocate his feelings, and you may find that you feel differently over time, as the idea of John’s feelings settles with you.”
“Yes, Sherlock.  I can see that.  But again… she’s a baby.  She does that.  You can tie them back up again, you know.”  John smirked at Sherlock, who looked up to catch it.
“You know what I mean.  Why do you look…” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively up and down Lestrade’s body, “like that?”
Tim nodded enthusiastically as Sherlock muttered, “Speak for yourself,” under his breath, and the three moved towards the far end of the pool.  As they moved, John took a look over the edge of the pool to where their deck chairs sat below, ensuring their stuff was still there.  Comfortable that it was, he sorted himself and Tim into a triangle shape, with Sherlock standing further into the pool, given his height advantage.  Tim immediately launched the ball at a surprised Sherlock – it hit his chest with a wet “thwack”, and Sherlock made an inelegant clapping motion, managing awkwardly to keep the ball from hitting the water.  John laughed loudly at the sight, and Sherlock looked mildly injured.
“Really?”
John chuckled quietly at this – it was very “Sherlock” as a thing to say.  Sherlock smiled against John’s neck as he felt the chuckle rumble through John’s chest.  Not just a hug, but he’d earned a laugh too – things were looking up!
Sherlock was squinting up at the sun and considering the headlands.  “We’ll need to move the umbrella here, so we get the best coverage for the path of the sun.  Otherwise we’ll have to get up and keep shifting it all day.”
Downstairs, John looked at Rosie’s face and noted her eyes starting to flutter shut.  She was clearly deeply contented, resting there against Sherlock’s chest.  He wondered if she could feel his heartbeat, and felt momentarily jealous of his baby daughter.  “Bit much excitement for one afternoon, I think.  I’ll take her off you… and do you mind if I put her down on your bed for a bit?  That way you and I can talk in the kitchen and she won’t be too far.”
After a light lunch, ordered to the plastic tables, per Sherlock’s request, they decided to head up to the hotel and get out of the sun for a few hours.  John never really had an issue with sunburn, but he could feel a nap coming on, and was a bit concerned about Sherlock’s alabaster skin in the harsh Mediterranean sun.
“What are you thinking?”
Sherlock grimaced.  Weird to have Lestrade on his bed when John had never even taken that liberty.  Sherlock gave a shudder of surprise as that thought crossed his mind.  How comfortable he would be with John being on the bed.  How uncomfortable he is that Lestrade is.  Putting that thought aside, he pulled the chair right up beside the wardrobe, turning it around so the back was right up against the wood and he could easily step on and up.  Grasping the suitcase now at its top and bottom, he swivelled on the chair.
Sherlock paused from rustling around in his chest of drawers, poking his head around to look at Lestrade, who was leaning in the doorway.  “I think that’s exactly what John intended.  Otherwise he wouldn’t have told me what hotel he’s staying at.”
Sherlock’s head lifted sharply and his eyes widened as they made contact with John’s.  “Move out? Why would you move out?”
Months passed with no word from John.  The weather warmed.  The Belstaff coat was dry cleaned and packed away, and crisp cotton shirts moved to the front of Sherlock’s wardrobe.  Mrs Hudson had thrown all the windows open, and the air inside 221B Baker Street smelled sweet and vaguely floral.
“God, no, you look perfect.  I was just thinking that you look like an ad for being on holiday – like, you know, you’re the chap in the photograph, leaning off the sailboat with joy, encouraging other Englishmen to come to Malta and see the sights!”
Sherlock looked expectantly at John, clearly requiring his verbal agreement.  John chuckled at how serious Sherlock was.  Sherlock doubled down on his ‘damn well listen to me’ face. “I’m serious, John.  I’m a grown man, and I think you know me well enough to know that I won’t do anything I’m not comfortable with.  So what I’d really like is for you to trust me enough to tell me what it is that you want.  And then I can be the one to decide how I want to respond.  Otherwise I’m afraid these moments will all pass me by, and frankly we might not get anywhere.”
John caught that, smiling a little to himself and noting how nice the expensive cotton of Sherlock’s shirt felt against his skin, and how he could feel the warmth and firmness of Sherlock’s lower back under his hands.  It was an oddly intimate moment, for just getting Rosie sorted.  He gave Sherlock a sort of double-tap on the strap and said “All good,” and Sherlock straightened up again.  John looked up at him, noting quietly to himself how comfortable his head was at this angle.  Almost like a remembered position – his height to Sherlock’s.  He gave himself a little shake for being sentimental, and then looked down at Rosie, who was happily playing with Sherlock’s shoelaces, with one disappearing straight into her mouth.  He picked her up easily, scooping his hands under her as he removed the lace from her mouth, and raising her back to chest height, facing Sherlock.
“Mmm.”
“Change of topic,” Sherlock announced.
“Well, you know, judging by your reaction this isn’t welcome news at all, so I just wanted to let you know that I don’t have to stay.  I know that would be uncomfortable.  Obviously my preference is for things just to stay as they are if you don’t feel the same way, but I don’t want to force that on you.  I want it to be your choice.  You found the flat, after all.”
“Sherlock…” John said wonderingly, as he paused in the middle of the street.  “There aren’t any cars.”
Sherlock blushed, “Really?”
Sherlock pressed his lips together and looked like he might cry.  Lestrade put his hand on Sherlock’s back, noting that he was quite overcome with emotion, and reached around to pick up the note.
“Let me show you how he works.”
“What the fuck was that?”
“John, really…”
Lestrade’s eyebrows shot up and he sat back in his chair to absorb John’s words.  Quite a sentiment.  He huffed out a breath and looked back at Sherlock, “Wow, mate.  That’s really something.”
“Clearly,” Sherlock said snarkily.
Sherlock dutifully leaned closer and down, so John could put the carrier on him.  He’d never had something like this on before – it felt like a school backpack had been put on the wrong way.  He squinted at it, as he felt John’s hands smooth along his lower back and clip the strap closed.  He closed his eyes, revelling in the touch, and breathed out deeply.
Rosie babbled happily and seemed deeply unconcerned at being admonished, however gently.  John looked at Sherlock again – “Now, do you want her facing you or facing out?”
He mused idly that he could probably have gone on holiday at any point since meeting Sherlock, once he was rather more financially stable and actually had the time, and yet it hadn’t once crossed his mind.  That probably said something a bit messed up about their working relationship, but whatever.  John set that thought aside, and revelled in the fact that they were here, together, and he was floating.
Sherlock nodded again, still not speaking, but John could feel Sherlock start to relax.  He dropped his head down to John’s chest then, breathing in John’s skin and softly running his fingers over John’s injured shoulder.  “This is good,” he said softly, his voice slightly muffled against John’s t-shirt.
“Really, Sherlock.  I mean it.  And the same is true for you – if there’s anything that I can do that would give you pleasure, I want you to tell me.  Doesn’t even need to be sexual – just, you know, anything that would be an important thing to you as part of a relationship, or our home.”
John felt Sherlock move to face him in the darkness.
John slowly opened his eyes at Sherlock’s querulous voice and turned around to catch Sherlock’s uncertain expression.  As hard as John was, and as clearly as he knew what he wanted, the sight of Sherlock’s worried eyes brought him straight back to himself.
John didn’t believe him, and carefully lowered one foot into the water from the safety of the edge.  It was cool, but not unpleasantly so, and given how hot John was currently feeling, it was ideal.  He carefully rested his sunglasses on the side of the pool away from the steps, then took the stairs quickly down into the pool, moving swiftly past Sherlock, and dropping into a surprisingly tidy dive.  He surfaced about two-thirds of the way down the pool, already feeling refreshed.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been swimming, and he gave a small “whoop” of pleasure as he swam the rest of the length of the pool slowly before pushing off the other end and making his way back to Sherlock.
“Well, it says lots of things, I guess.  But relevantly to your original point – in response to the question,
“Good,” Sherlock said softly, and he lightly lifted up the covers on the bed, slipping into them and leaning on his elbow to face John.
“Sorry, Tim!”
“I know, I guess.  It’s just that I spent a lot of time missing you, and feeling sorry for myself, and hoping you’d come back.  And then after a while, it seemed like the best way I could do that was by preparing for your return.  And if you never came back – if you never wanted to speak to me again – then at least 221B would be nicer for me to live in.  But if you did come back… then I’d be able to show you how much you mean to me.  How much I want us to be together again.”
John gave an apologetic sort of look to the concierge, who had opened her mouth to greet him, and hurried to catch up to Sherlock.  “Sherlock, I think breakfast is downstairs.  Look, you can see them seated, and there’s the buffet.”
John looked a bit embarrassed, but smiled as he ran his hand through it self-consciously.  “Yeah, I like it too. Different from the Army, let me tell you.”
“No, Sherlock – it’s fine.  I promise.”
John snorted, casting an eye over the retreating family.  Clearly Sherlock’s deductive skills didn’t limit themselves to the British Isles.
John and Sherlock both laughed at this.  Sherlock pegged the ball at John, clearly intending to take John by surprise.  John, who’d played rather a lot of grade rugby in his time, wasn’t concerned at all, and plucked the ball out of the air elegantly with his left hand.  He was pleased to see a moue of annoyance from Sherlock, as he turned and lightly passed the ball to Tim, who caught it easily with both hands and quickly punted it on to Sherlock, who caught it much more deftly this time.  Still not the catch of a person who’d spent years doing this, but not bad, John thought.
“Yeah.  Come back here.”  John pulled Sherlock up and kissed him full on the mouth again. “Ok for me to try something?”
As they wandered back up to the hotel hand in hand, Sherlock was quiet.  Each time John looked over, Sherlock was deep in thought, seeming not even to notice John checking in.  The sun had set while they’d eaten, and the street lights had come on.  His face was softer but no less ethereal in the gloaming, his pale skin lovely against the muted yellow limestone of St Julian’s buildings.  The overall effect was one of great warmth; so different to the grey, pale light of London.
John chuckled at the idea that it could possibly be terrible, when he’s already so hard he’s worried the Velcro on his shorts won’t hold.  “Ok, then.  But for the record, not one single part of me is worried you’ll be terrible.”
John thought for a moment.  “Ok, here’s one for me.  Not a sexual one.  It’s important to me that you acknowledge me when I come home in the evenings.  It doesn’t need to be a big deal, but I would like it if you looked up from your work, or your book, or whatever, when I come in.  Obviously… you know… not if it would be super disruptive to you.  But if you’re just there and you’re aware I’ve entered, that acknowledgement is important to me.”
“Of course I was nervous.  I basically told my best friend in the world to go to hell when my assassin wife died, then holed myself up in a shitty suburban flat for months on end, seeing no one and feeling sorry for myself.  Honestly, if I hadn’t had to look after Rosie, gone through all her daily routines and stuff, I’m not sure I’d have survived.”
He let himself into a stall, undressing then pulling on the t-shirt and the buttercup yellow shorts.  He looked at himself in the mirror, quite pleased with what he saw.  It wasn’t his usual look at all, but then he didn’t feel like his usual self here in Malta.  He decided to go out and show Sherlock, and see what he thought.
John smiled.  “Precisely.  So, no solo nautical adventures with roguish sea captains.  I’ll be there to put a dampener on things if you’re feeling frisky.”
Sherlock considered this, and eventually nodded.  “I think he was right.  I did need time to think.  I don’t know that he needed to fly to another country to give me that, but I don’t think I could have had the whole conversation with him right there in front of me.  It was… a lot.  A lot to process.”
"Pointless," Sherlock said, equally muffled, his nose red from the cold.
-- John thinks he's the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock allows. Close enough, surely--
--------------
"Et tu?" He turned to Mrs. Hudson. "I must confess, it was I who used the sofa as a trampoline. John was on it at the time. The temptation was too much to bear."
"A Christmas present. For Sherlock." He examined a crate, kicked it, and watched it wobble. He went on to the next.
John stamped his feet against the cold and huddled down inside his jacket. "Sherlock, it's
Possibly they'd understand only too well.
"To see what I'll do?" John snatched the infernal instrument from Sherlock's hand.
him?" John wanted to be horrified, wanted to stop Sherlock and protest,
"It's certainly got a high alcoholic content," Sherlock agreed. "And -- something else."
"Here we go again," John said.
"Why? Because I -- 'married to my job?' 'I'm flattered, but not looking for any?'"
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively and shut the door.
For someone who valued brainpower above all else, Sherlock was a very
"It helps me think." Sherlock shook his head. "No, of course not. Who would tape us shagging?"
Sherlock grimaced.
out here." His voice was muffled by the scarf that covered half his face. "Let's go inside."
"No, no," their spokesman said, "All taken care of. Merry Christmas!"
He grabbed Sherlock by his lapels and pulled him closer, kissing him with furious passion.
"I'm sorry, I had no idea," John said, "Do you want something? Tea? Scotch?"
And there he was. Resplendent in coat and scarf, his shoulders thrown back, his hair wild, his nose red from the cold, his eyes glinting and pale. He gave them barely a glance, and made a beeline for the box. He shrugged off his coat, pulled off his gloves, and reached out to open the latch. The door opened on silent hinges. He stepped inside, and pulled the door shut after him.
Sherlock touched his cheek. "
"In a manner of speaking." John told him what he had planned. "This one looks nice."
John couldn't help it. He looked furtively around the room. Bookcases. Mirror. Valences. Framed pictures. Bison's head. Headphones on the bison's head. They could be anywhere.
things people might demand a partner say in bed.
"Say it, then."
. "Why did you
Mycroft's hands hovered over the keypad. Twice he pressed a key, leaning over to carefully inspect the image frozen on the screen.
"Kiss me, then."
Sherlock reached across him and switched on the lamp. His face was so close, John might almost…
Sherlock didn't bother to glance down. "Worth it, I think."
They laughed and ran. All the way home.
"Ah," Sherlock said absently, pressing keys and frowning at his laptop screen.
John poured a glass. "Rum." He smiled.
Sherlock was waiting by the counter, looking strangely dazed. John fumbled to pay for his book, but the shopkeeper merely slipped it in a bag and waved him out the door. John didn't look at Crowley, but he fancied something flicked out at his cheek when he passed by. He shivered.
Round and round they went, chatting and laughing a bit.  John told Tim that he was a doctor, and Sherlock was a detective.  Tim was markedly more interested in Sherlock.  What 10 year old wouldn’t be impressed? Tim peppered Sherlock with questions and Sherlock answered them all frankly, though seeming to edit somewhat for Tim’s age, which made John smile.  Wouldn’t edit himself for any adult they’d ever met, but for this 10 year old it seemed no trouble.   Tim also clearly liked that Sherlock was trying to make it as difficult for John to catch as possible, and John took multiple dives into the water as Sherlock’s passes became increasingly erratic.  On one occasion, John emerged from the water spluttering, holding the ball aloft, to see Sherlock drop a wink in Tim’s direction.  Tim beamed.
“I was thinking… upstairs to get our books and sun cream, grab some water, then back down here and we choose a pool to sit by?  I don’t feel the need to go terribly far today, do you?”
Sherlock chuckled, removing John’s fingers one by one with his left hand, and reassuring him that he valued his brain too much for that sort of recklessness.  John squinted and scanned Sherlock’s face to see if he was telling the truth.  Sherlock clearly did value his brain, but on the other hand, his recklessness knew no bounds.
“Yes!” Sherlock tucked his book into their bag, and sprung up nimbly, as if in an advanced yoga move or some sort of lithe burpee.  He reached over to pull John up, enjoying the warmth of his hands and the ease of his smile.  As he stood, movement caught his eye.
John snorted, amused that all this was apparently visible on his face.  “Fine, then.  They’re not my favourite.  Did you like any others?”
“OK then, Rosie darling.  Let’s get you settled in.” And with that, John plopped Rosie into her carrier on Sherlock’s chest, pulled the straps tight, and closed the Velcro over.  He gave another double tap once that was done, to signal to Sherlock they were ready to go.
Sherlock sat much further upright at that, and shot a glare at John.  “I’m not a child.”
“Probably… though you know I don’t know how to sail, right?  Army not Navy.”
“Um… sure?”
Moments later, John indeed appeared, with a small suitcase behind him.  Not a nice one – those wheelie ones now were so clever, with four spinning wheels and lightweight materials – but some relic from *Sherlock squinted at it* maybe the early 1990s?  When John was in university?  His eyes lifted from the suitcase to John, taking in his rumpled linen shirt (a gift from Sherlock-via-Mycroft a few Christmases ago) and casual trousers, and… were they boat shoes? What was going on?  He’d known John for years, and he didn’t even know John owned boat shoes.  His eyes continued scanning, noting a document wallet in John’s left hand, a piece of paper haphazardly folded in it and enough weight to the wallet that there was clearly a passport inside.  International travel, then?  But not a very big suitcase, so he couldn’t be going too far or for too long.  John wasn’t a particularly efficient person, so he was unlikely to pack multiple weeks’ worth of clothing into a bag that small.  So one week, then.  Somewhere with water, based on the boat shoes, and warmer than London, based on the shirt.  Sherlock squinted again, and turned to look out the window at the steady London rain.  Not heavy, but rather a drag given it was August.
As Sherlock’s head popped back into the changing room, John looked down at his legs, bemused.  Shapely calves indeed!  What a ridiculous compliment.  How very Sherlock. He drifted back towards his own stall to change back into his clothes.  As he took the new things off, he glanced at the prices and blanched when he realised.  €70!  For a plain t-shirt!  And €125 for the shorts.  Even accounting for the reasonably good exchange rate with the British pound, John was horrified.  Never in his life had he spent that kind of money on one casual outfit.
Back in the lobby, John had planned to ask the concierge what the breakfast options were, but as he slowed near the desk, Sherlock kept right on marching.  “This way, John!”
book stores and toy shops that we could visit in London, if you decide that this topic interests you.  We count mount an adventure on Sunday, if you like.”
Sherlock gulped a bit at this, aware for the hundredth time how John had shaped his life around Sherlock.  How he complemented him, rounded him out, made it easier for Sherlock to be in the world.  He paused, then spoke.
Sherlock humphed a bit at this, though probably he shouldn’t have been surprised.  Of course Mycroft would have tabs on John having left the country.
______________________________
“OK then Sherlock – let’s get you strapped in, then.  Come back here… yes, that’s right.  Let go of her hand…”  Rosie gave a yell at this – clearly she didn’t approve.  With practiced hands, John pressed Rosie lightly to his chest as he unclipped the straps around his waist and lifted the carrier up and over his head as he lowered Rosie to the ground.
“What?”
“And so, to the matter at hand…” Lestrade started, gesturing at John’s empty chair, and catching Sherlock’s eye.  “Shall we sit?”
Sherlock shook his head and cuddled John more closely.  John chuckled as he realised how Sherlock’s stubbornness might look a bit different if they were in a relationship.
Despite the blood rushing in his ears and his pervasive nerves, Sherlock noted the bathroom on the left, the small closet, and a table set up at the far end.  There was a big TV on the right, and then, when he stepped into the main room, two queen sized beds.  John sat up in the far one, closest to the balcony, wearing a white t-shirt on top but otherwise covered by the bedspread.  He smiled a nervous, uncomfortable smile, which looked odd on his face, and put down the book he’d apparently been reading before Sherlock came through the door.  Sherlock didn’t know what he’d been expecting, but a lip-biting, worried looking John hadn’t really been it.  They held each other’s gaze for a moment.
After plentiful exploration and rather too much sun, Sherlock and John drifted back into the centre of town in favour of shops and shade.  John had successfully pulled Sherlock back from the ramparts at Upper Barrakka Gardens, where he’d leaned so far forward over the wall that John felt physically ill.  Clearly the fortifications hadn’t been built with someone as tall as Sherlock in mind, and even so, John didn’t think the builders expected anyone to fold in half to examine the brickwork on the
“No, wait a sec.  I want a photo.”
They stood like that for many minutes, absorbing each other and enjoying soft kisses as they ran their hands over each other.  Sherlock moved up to kiss John’s forehead, his cheeks, the sides of his eyes.  John groaned as Sherlock pushed him firmly against the wall, pulling Sherlock down to his mouth again as he felt Sherlock getting hard against his stomach.
“Come on Sherlock, get in! It’s lovely.”
John smiled and put his phone back on the table, intending to pick his book up again.  Then he grabbed his phone once more, deciding there was another text needed.
“Sherlock, two things.  First, if you want to make the big romantic gesture and get to the airport before John gets on the plane, we have to leave right now to have any chance of making it.  But secondly, and I think this is more likely, if you want to just sit here and talk for a bit, you know that’s fine with me too, right?”
John smiled back – clearly this was Sherlock’s first attempt at putting a baby down, and he seemed to be treating it like a military mission.  “She’ll be fine with them as they are.  It’s not dark yet but she’s plainly exhausted.  I’m not sure how long she’ll sleep for – it’s not really her naptime but nor is it bedtime yet.  We’ll see how she goes.”
Sherlock gesticulated to the chest of drawers – showing how a changing mat could go on top “just so”.  John felt overwhelmed by the changes.  The kindness.  The huge thought and time that had gone into all this.  Sherlock’s expectant face, radiant, almost giddy with pleasure at being able to show John what he’d done.
John’s eyebrows shot up at the use of the word ‘boyfriend’.  That was new.  Sherlock didn’t see John’s surprise, as he was clearly trying to ensure the unsmiling-but-technologically-capable 17 year old daughter took the phone, not the charming-but-incompetent parents in their 50s, who had both reached out their hands with indulgent smiles on their faces.  Ha!  Trust Sherlock to secure the right talent for the job.
Obediently, Sherlock moved his hands onto the table top.  He turned his right one over, wrist up, and John reached for it, taking Sherlock’s pulse automatically, even as he cradled Sherlock’s forearm.  It was intimate and reassuring at the same time, and Sherlock took a deep breath and tried to force himself to calm down.  This was it, then.  The other shoe was dropping, and it was going to crush him.
“No, you don’t.  You like Molly and Lestrade well enough, but not well enough to spend a week with them full time.  The conversation would be awkward.  And inviting Molly might make her think you were interested in her romantically, which you would never encourage.  Also Lestrade has already taken a holiday this summer and he’s not the sort to take two holidays within a few months’ time.  Much more likely to take a single, longer holiday, and maximise his time away from work.  Too hard to hand over his cases twice within a few months.  So that means you’re going alone.  But the question is, why?  You’ve never taken a holiday in the entire time I’ve known you.  I’m not even sure you’ve taken a long weekend somewhere.  Even on Bank Holidays, we stay here and explore London while everyone else racks off to wherever they’re going.”
John smiled at this, thinking how true the statement was.  “Well, given he got you here, I think we could ease up on him for a few days…?”
Sherlock cheered up a bit at this, finding John’s enthusiasm infectious.  “Ok then.  I shall endeavour to be as perky as you are.  But… I am worried that I won’t be enough for you.  That I’m not sure enough of what I feel for you, and that I might let you down.”
“John.”  John was flat on his back in bed, just about to fall over the precipice into sleep, when Sherlock’s soft voice cut into the darkness later that night.
“Trust me, Sherlock.  I really do.”
“Really?”
John snorted.  “I think that’s as good as we’ll get for a while.”
“No, really Sherlock, you’re fully clothed and we’re both on top of the covers.  How about you get into your pyjamas, at least?”
“Oh ha ha. Very funny.  ‘Sherlock’s such a pain to work with’, isn’t that droll?’  Heard it all before.”
“I really like it – it changes the feel of the room so much!  I always thought of this as kind of a dark room, but now it feels much brighter.”
“…. You would?”
“Thanks,” he said idly to the driver, then ignored the bellboys as he strode into the lobby.  Now to find John.
“Sherlock, they’re really expensive.  I’m not going to get them.”
has the address of the Hilton.  Though how he can afford the Hilton, I don’t know,” Sherlock mused.  “He wouldn’t have given me the address unless he wanted me to come.  He would have made me deduce it.”  Sherlock smiled to himself, thinking about how easy that would have been, though he did appreciate that John had saved him the effort.
Sherlock just nodded.  He lifted the swim shorts up and did a quick check of what else John had packed for him.  Shirts, trousers, sun cream, Sherlock’s favourite cap, toothbrush, toothpaste, pants.  Pants!  Sherlock shivered at the thought of John in his drawers.  It felt oddly intimate, but… in a nice way.  Lestrade smirked when he saw what Sherlock was looking at.
“We certainly are,” said Sherlock, striding out.  John hurried a bit to keep up.  “Sherlock, you don’t even know where it is!”
“You want a photo?”
________________________________
“You’re amazing,” smiled Sherlock.  “Now, how about we get this dinner on before we get too distracted?”  Sherlock gave John one last, chaste kiss, and turned around to the fridge, pulling out minced beef and some fresh pasta, and dumping them on the counter before reaching into the pantry for onions, carrots, garlic, tomato paste and olive oil.
John smiled.
John bristled, his post-coital languor disturbed by the smugness in Sherlock's voice.
"You think? On what basis?"
After a moment, John remembered how to breathe.
In the back of a very expensive black saloon car, Mycroft watched a grainy video on a small laptop, a bluish light from the screen flickering across his face. His eyebrows rose.
"What a fatuous thing to say. Why did you take it seriously?"
"A new case?" John felt a pang of disappointment. Before they'd even closed the door of the flat, Sherlock had started undressing John, manhandling him
John sighed. "To tell you the truth, I didn't question it very much. I wasn't looking for a partner either. And I wasn't coming on to you," he said, still irked by Sherlock's misapprehension.
John pulled on his pants, feeling obscurely like he'd been through some sort of hazing. "Did you pull that kind of stunt with Lestrade?" he said casually.
"That was-- that was amazing."
"So you… think sex is stupid?" John said, his caress faltering.
Sherlock smiled. "You called Mike Stamford to arrange a meeting. You've cleared this all this space," he gestured to the uncharacteristically bare part of the flat. "You're keeping a secret and it's almost Christmas. You're in cahoots with Mike or someone else at Barts to get me a gift. Which means it's something medical or technical. Obvious."
Sherlock made a face. "I wanted to test it with a partner. But fine. We'll try again later."
Sherlock drummed his fingers on the table. "Has she said anything to you?"
“I was surprised to hear this morning that he is in love with me, though.  Because that’s quite different.  That implies… feelings… and commitment… and,” Sherlock took a deep breath and flushed, “… touching.”
“That’s unusual, you know.  Most everyone is.”
Sherlock continued laughing, having hit that point of amusement when it’s very hard to stop laughing even though the moment has passed.  He did pause, momentarily, to say “John, language!” which John took with a grain of salt as Sherlock had rather a potty mouth himself when the mood struck him.
John laughed, “Yes, of course.  Just a question of whether you want a little cuddle or you want her to see what you’re seeing.  She won’t mind either way – she clearly adores you.”
Sherlock looked crushed, and regret clouded his face.
Sherlock nodded, aware that he was himself rather flustered and also needed a minute.  He turned for the bathroom and washed his hands carefully, noting with mild annoyance how hard it was to get the sun cream off with soap and water.  He dried his hands intensely with a flannel, using it to scrape the last of the sun cream off his hands.  When he came back out, John was standing exactly where he’d left him, eyes closed, and a big smile on his face.  He must have sensed Sherlock’s return, as he opened his eyes when Sherlock came to stand before him again, and they crinkled in that way that made Sherlock’s chest clench.
“I’ll just need a minute, to… ah… calm down… but then we can go down to the pool.  Ok?”
John bit his tongue, immediately sorry both that he’d sworn, and that his tone had been so angry.  He wasn’t good at guessing kids’ ages, but this boy looked like he was still in primary school.  John squinted… maybe 8? 10?  Either way, too young to be sworn at by a man in his 40s.
Sherlock looked down at himself, momentarily self-conscious.  “What? Don’t I look right?”
“I don’t?”
“No, Sherlock, hear me out.  I know we have lots left to discuss, and I certainly had no plans to move back to Baker Street, but this is… this is incredible.  This is by far and away the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me.  In my whole life.”  John’s voice broke a little as he looked around the room, and then back to Sherlock’s eyes.
“Yes, you are.  You’re smelling me.  I can hear your sniffs.”
“No, I don’t think so.  I’m just adjusting slowly.”
Even as John decided he in fact liked the third option the best, he shuddered at Sherlock’s words, wondering what constituted “quite expensive” to Sherlock’s mind.  He decided not to engage… it was Sherlock’s money after all, and if he decided he needed two new pairs of swim shorts, who was John to complain?
Sherlock pursed his lips, thinking, then seemed to decide.
“I don’t know.  I thought you were always working.”
“So, you knew what John was going to tell me, then?”
John chuckled, seeing Sherlock’s point.  “Yes, that’s fair.  But (a) I don’t harangue, and (b) I mostly do that for the benefit of others, not because I care in relation to me.  Those things are important to third parties, and help you – us – navigate life more easily, and hopefully avoid pissing people off.  You know that.  If I cared about niceties, I would probably have shut down most of what happens in our kitchen…”
“Sherlock, give me your hand.”
“John!  Let’s go for a swim.”
“I want forever with you too, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Uh… Yes.  I am.  Give me a sec.  You go ahead.”
so far has been spot on.”
John caught Sherlock’s eye and winked, before holding out his hand.  Sherlock took it happily, and they strolled towards the walls, which John only belatedly realised must be the city gate Sherlock had referred to.  “To breakfast, and beyond!”
Twenty minutes later, Sherlock was bouncing on his feet by the room’s door, book and hat in hand, water bottle in the crook of his elbow, and yet more sun cream stuffed precariously in the pocket of his swim shorts.  John was lingering, pottering around inefficiently, and Sherlock was Ready. To. Go.
“I’m serious, John, don’t worry.  If I wanted to cause myself irreparable harm, there are more fun ways to achieve it than hurtling off those rocks.”
“Pretty good, huh?” said John softly.
“Chopin like the composer?”
thought John.
“Yes, I rather thought Mycroft must have known I was up to something,” John responded.  “I didn’t tell him, you know.  I didn’t think you’d like that, and I felt quite private about it myself, for obvious reasons.”
John laughed aloud this time.  “Well, you know, some people like that.  You can add that to your research list but
John spluttered and looked a bit offended at this, though he’d had an encouraging expression on his face until then.
___________________________________
“How can it be “sort of”?  Meeting someone is binary.  You either have or you haven’t, and I think you’d know, John.  You’re a decisive sort.”
“Just that I like your hair like this… it’s really nice.  Very smart.  It suits you.”
“Come here.  No crying.” Sherlock pulled John close to him this time, putting his hands on either side of John’s face and kissing his cheeks gently, tasting salt as John’s tears fell.  “Oh you duffer, John.  No more tears.  Of course I love you.  On some level I’ve always loved you… I just needed you to kickstart this chapter of “us”.  And you did… you did such a wonderful job.”
“What? Oh yes, sorry, deduction.  Every
After a few moments of silence, John opened his eyes and rolled onto his side to watch Sherlock, who was still steadily reading all the menu items.  John quietly reached into his shorts and pulled out his phone, quickly navigating to the camera to take a sneaky shot of Sherlock before he noticed.  He rolled back over to look at the photo, sheltering the phone with his hand so he could see the screen in the bright light.  The photo was great – captured Sherlock perfectly.  Under the umbrella, his face was clear and his pale skin and white shirt stood out against the blue sea behind him.  The photo clearly caught Sherlock’s laser beam focus on the task at hand, his beautiful features looking downwards, and it framed the plastic menu table nicely too.  John chuckled.  First photo of the relationship, and it was of a silly table.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh.  “Are you serious, John?”
“Nah, I’m fine,” responded Sherlock from behind the door.  “They’re all the same size and I already own a pair.  Those purple ones I was wearing yesterday are from here too.”
“Oh yes – they’re for Rosie.  Toys for her bath time!  I’ve put in all famous explorers.  Jacques Cousteau, Edmund Hillary, Shackleton, Francis Drake.  The gang’s all there!”
As he came around to the counter, clutching his things and wondering how to quietly put them back without drawing scrutiny, he saw Sherlock was merrily reviewing the various trinkets around the point of sale.  He was clearly in a spending mood, picking things up and putting them down again, trying on caps and sunglasses and then discarding them.
“Shall we swim?”
John huffed out a laugh.  “You took the words right out of my mouth.  That’s precisely what I was going to say to you.”
He turned around again, pulling the closet door closed.  He walked the length of the room, over to the window, looking out at his familiar view.  It was oddly comforting to be back in his old room, as different as it looked.  He ran his hand along the windowsill, admiring the paint colour once more, and stepped back a bit to look at the whole picture.
"Sherlock's Christmas present," John said.
The expression on Sherlock's face was strange, midway between annoyance and entreaty.
John raised his glass in the direction of Sherlock's box. "And merry Christmas to you too, Sherlock."
"Come in, come in," John said to Mrs. Hudson, who was already inside, and gaping at the box. "Sherlock should be home any minute." He took the tray from her and pushed aside a sheaf of papers to set it on the coffee table.
"Don't be -- don't be daft," John said weakly.
"God!" Old training propelled him from the couch and into a combat crouch. The torch thudded against the wall, Sherlock straight-armed him back into the cushions, and John stared up into the steady beam of a penlight.
Sherlock lunged up from the couch and flew at him, grabbing him by the shoulders. For a moment John thought he was going to pick him up bodily and shake him. "No secrets! Tell me!"
John shrugged.
--End--
"Ah," the shopkeeper said. He and the dark one exchanged a look. "His
Sherlock gave him a look. "And yet, it's the one of the most serious activities humans engage in. People are killed over it."
John's glad to be Sherlock's flatmate, happy to be his assistant, even though Sherlock calls him an idiot, keeps severed heads in the refrigerator, shoots the walls. John doesn't even mind filling in for a skull. Every day, things
"What? No. I don't -- you're guessing."
!" The gun flew out of Sherlock's fingers and John twisted Sherlock's arms behind him. Sherlock stepped backward, expertly pivoted, and sent John tumbling, but John twisted and pulled Sherlock down after him. They rolled together until they hit the couch, John ending up on top, Sherlock furiously bucking underneath. John slammed him down by his shoulders, pinning him to the floor.
John laughed. "Flutes, yeah." Then he frowned. "What do you think Mycroft will say when you tell him?"
"Right," John said. He smiled wanly.
"Bored!"
"Not really." Sherlock wiggled the fingers of one hand as if taken by the question. "Am I bothering you? I did warn you."
Sherlock tilted his head. "Why did you?"
it. It was an adult taste, he said. Not for children. He taught me a lot of -- adult things." John's voice went soft, remembering.
Sherlock took John's face between his hands and just--
"Don't your hands get cramped?" he said over the beginning notes of the old tune as Sherlock started again. His own hands twitched.
Sherlock was like a cat. One moment he was stretching, seemingly oblivious to the effect the fine arch of his back was having on you. Then he
John stroked Sherlock's hair.
---------
"It's a secret," John said absently, preoccupied with a spill of brass buttons. He deposited them in an empty biscuit tin printed with Van Gogh's
, John realizes-- the last one to get the bulletin.
John had no control at all.
Sherlock tossed the phone aside. "Not important."
We're not together, John tells everyone. I'm not his date. Of course we'll need two bedrooms. I did not airquote, follow him home, unquote. I'm not loyal-- I just met him. I'm only making conversation, Sherlock, not making a pass. It's all
--------------
"Well…" John frowned. "Not
John pulled away and rocked back on his heels. "Oh, for fuck's sake."
"No."
John made a face. But he couldn't help himself. "How do you do that?" He was still face to face, as it were, with Sherlock's cock. It was still hard. John felt it was mocking him.
John thought, but his brain shorted out as Crowley touched his cheek and leaned in, his lips barely touching John's, but his tongue… his tongue…
"You'll want to refer to Chapter Three," Crowley smiled, and was suddenly very close. His sunglasses were gone.
"No."
"A specimen cabinet?"
"So would you, I should think!"
"Oh come on. You and Lestrade have 'former' written all over you. Admit it. You were an item."
A moment later he burst out, dashed into the kitchen and returned with a chair. He placed it inside the box, and disappeared in after it; only to open the door and call out. "John!"
That is, he went to Barts. To a loading dock. There were a lot of shiny new things in boxes and crates and pods waiting to be unloaded, but what John wanted was off to the side, waiting to be recycled.
"Sherlock!" John dropped a bagful of pad thai and ducked out of the line of fire.
"Right, that's it," John said gratefully. "My landlady. Mrs Hudson. Loved it to bits. Said I
"Gifts from the clinic," John said. "It's Christmas, Sherlock."
"And how did you know that?"
John looked around a bit wildly. "Is someone taping us?" He frowned. "Why is the skull in here?"
"We-- ah, we-- have company," John panted through barely parted lips. Sherlock leaned down and darted his tongue between them.
"This is a test, isn't it?"
"Excellent, thank you," he said, and the men beamed. John pulled out his wallet.
John stepped back and became entangled with the coat rack. Sherlock reached over his shoulder and steadied it. His lips were close to John's.
"Bored, bored, bored!"
"No, Sherlock, she hasn't. She won't. She does have her pride. Even if you seem to take pains to crush it on a regular basis."
John rolled over on his back, letting out a sigh. "Right. Well, at least he won't post it to Instagram."
"Of course. An articulated skeleton?"
The man behind the counter could be called a duffer, John supposed. He had a face like an aging choirboy and wore a tartan smoking jacket that clashed with, well, everything. But no duffer ever had such elegantly manicured hands. John frowned. Nor second-hand bookshop owner for that matter. At any rate, his friend in the snakeskin boots was
"We've got biscuits and Scotch," John said.
"Don't change the subject, John. What's being delivered tomorrow?"
John's eyes flew open.
John relaxed in his armchair, his feet up, a book in his hand, a glass of Scotch at his elbow, and a plate of Mrs. Hudson's excellent fruitcake in his lap. He liked having the place to himself. The room was peaceful, save for the muffled sounds of a violin coming from the box. The music stopped, then started again. It was a sprightly tune this time. John tilted his head and listened, trying to place it. Then he smiled. A sprightly
Sherlock contemplated his erect cock. "In the words of a famous fire-eater, perhaps the question to ask isn't
"Merry Christmas," John said, and they left him with his box. He stood the before it, arms akimbo, and nodded to himself. An excellent box. Perfect.
"But we've only just -- even he's not that good."
"No," Sherlock said.
"Nostalgic," Sherlock echoed thoughtfully. "Oh!" his face lit up. "From your pre-med days, by any chance? A notorious recipe with a certain illicit ingredient?"
"I think she already has."
"Out on the mantle. Off. Do you have a phobia about being recorded?"
Sherlock put a finger across John's lips as he unzipped John's jeans. "You masturbate once a night -- sometimes twice. You lie on your bed, fully dressed, with your hand down your trousers and you think of me. Doing this." His own fly was open; he ground his hips slowly against John's. Bare cock against bare cock.
indeed. So what if there were cameras? If Mycroft wanted a bloody video of his brother sucking off his flatmate in an alley -- well, that was between them.
"Graceless, inelegant, undignified, mortifying." Sherlock said.
Sherlock was damp and pink from the shower, his hair curling in wet ringlets all over his head. He was wrapped in a dressing gown, but that's as far as he'd gone to get dressed. He sat contemplating a mug on the table in front of him, turning it slowly between his fingers.
"Sherlock. And his Doctor Watson."
"This looks more like… like…" Sherlock shuddered.
"Well," Sherlock said around a mouthful sugary cake. "I guess we don't have to worry about what Mrs. Hudson will say."
John grinned. "I'd say yes."
*******
Sherlock closed the door behind her and sat down in the chair opposite John. "Have a cake. Are you all right?"
"I distract him, you see," John explained. "That is, when he notices I'm there, and isn't using me as a sounding board, demanding tea, asking for a pen, taking over my laptop, ordering me to send texts, or dragooning me into working on one of his projects."
"No. I've spoken to him."
Sherlock frowned at the stopwatch in his hand. "You were supposed to go for ten more minutes."
"Bored!"
"But --  how?"
"They're not too rubbery. She soaks them in something first. Not rum," John said, chewing. "Whisky, maybe. Drambuie?"
"Mrs Hudson made it. Don't worry, I've vetted it."
"No, Mrs. Hudson. That's John's doing."
"We've added some extras," one of the men said, proudly demonstrating. It now had sturdy hinges on the side, and they'd added a latch to the door. As a final touch, they'd turned the top into a hinged roof that could be propped up for more light and air. John approved, though he suspected Sherlock would generally prefer it dark and airless.
“Grazie molto!”  Sherlock said cheerfully, before launching into a flood of Italian that John couldn’t follow.  The girl and her family giggled, listening to Sherlock and sneaking glances at John, before giving cheerful waves and continuing back towards the hotel.
“But why, is the question.  I wouldn’t begrudge you a holiday.  You know that.  You haven’t taken one since you got back from Afghanistan, and I’ll bet it was a long time before then that you actually relaxed.  And I myself like holidays, so you could just have invited me if you didn’t want to go alone.  But you didn’t. Hmmm.”
Sherlock deliberated.  He really preferred to work things out for himself, and yet John was rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet, eager to share with Sherlock.
"John." Sherlock wrapped his long fingers around their two cocks together. Squeezed, not gently.
John brandished his package weakly at Sherlock. "Tea every morning for a week." Normal, that's what we're heading towards. The flat, tea, heads in the fridge
John picked up his cup and took it over to the microwave, hoping there were no sheep's eyes inside. "There's hope for you yet," he muttered.
"Then you agree?"
"Why?" John was suddenly suspicious.
"He's still in court? Thought he'd be done by now. I wanted to speak to him -- off the books." John let Lestrade into the flat. Lestrade spotted the box (it was hard not to) and stopped. "What's this?"
"Not deduction," Sherlock said with a faint smile. "Experience."
Crowley had said. He glanced up at his flatmate, only to find Sherlock looking intently at him.
"Since we met."
," the shopkeeper said, with a strange emphasis on the word. The dark one nodded. He unwound himself from his perch and advanced toward John, who backed away hastily. He brushed past John (John felt suddenly cold) and signalled him to follow. Reluctantly, John did, down a long row, through a door, around a corner, and down a staircase to a dark room. The man flipped a switch and the place lit up, much to John's relief.
Shadowy forms grappled together in the darkness at the end of the alleyway.
He wasn't at all sure what he felt for Sherlock. But that was hardly new.
Sherlock plucked the violin's strings. The discordant note hung in the air like a whiff of brimstone.
Sherlock seemed to shrink a little. "I was just wondering what she'll say," he said. "when she realizes. About--" he flapped his hands between them.
"And yet, it's something people do on a regular basis. Like brushing their teeth or playing computer solitaire."
"Are you all right?" Sherlock's face was tense as he patted his hands over John's body in that manic way he had when he thought John might be injured, touching him lightly in various vital places, sliding his hands down John's arms, his thighs, up across his chest, touching his throat, his cheek. John let him get all the way to checking his eyes, breathing softly on his face, before he said, "I'm fine, Sherlock."
that undid him. Otherwise he might have resorted to some of his favorite dirty Army rules of combat to get the idiot off him, having been used as a lab rat by Sherlock before. Well, not for
*******
"We did, Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock said, preening.
you do, John?"
John swallowed. "Research?"
---------
The skull grinned down from the mantle, its eyes dark and empty.
"Since when?"
his eyes, John told himself. So I can't actually feel them drilling me to the floor. John looked wildly around for Sherlock, but he'd disappeared.
"Let's just see, then, shall we?" John said, running a finger along the bow.
and there you were, pinned to the bed.
," Sherlock said. "Quite a find."
"Probably not," Sherlock agreed. "But the point is, you'd be embarrassed. Mortified."
"Stop fighting me, damn it!"
It was the
Sherlock gave him a look. "I'm conjugating irregular Spanish verbs."
Or so John hoped.
"I'm not being immature. What else is wanting to get some satisfaction in one's sexual encounters but mature, eh?"
"'Cahoots?' Have you been hitting the westerns again?"
"Rather than scraping away at the violin of yours all night, you could have been--." He stopped as Sherlock winced. "What?"
"It's a bit large for the flat doorway, though." John said dubiously.
"Well, put that way," Sherlock said. "Yes. Of a sort."
"Nothing. Well, eventually, Sherlock."
"It's fine." John escaped to the kitchen. Searching. Opening drawers and slamming them shut.
"Only since I met you. Turn the skull around. It's eyeing me."
"Oh, yes," Sherlock panted against John's skin. "
"Cameras," John whispered. Security cameras. Remotely controlled. Mycroft's cameras? Wouldn't he have them discreetly turned away, focusing on nothing, leaving his wayward brother's peccadilloes to the cover of night?  John leaned forward, thrusting urgently into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's body was moving rhythmically under his coat, and John realized that he was getting himself off. That's good, then, he thought inanely, happy that Sherlock was enjoying himself -- of course he was, he was very enthusiastically -- God, John was standing in a public street with Sherlock's mouth around his --
, it could be, oh, god, Sherlock,
"God." John watched the ceiling spin. Sherlock fumbled for his stash of nicotine patches.
"Find a nice verb to conjugate?" John said.
," he said.
"Just clearing a space." John dropped an armful of books on the floor. They were
Anthea briskly pressed keys on her Blackberry. After a pause, she said, "I'm sorry, sir. What's interesting?"
Above their heads, a strategically placed and well-hidden camera silently went dark.
"I'm John."
tune.
John threw down his paper. He pursed his lips at the ceiling. The melancholy air drew to a close. John closed his eyes. It was like waiting for a dog to bark. He opened his eyes.
Another pause. Anthea pressed keys. "Oh."
John felt both transfixed and utterly free under the full force of Sherlock's undivided attention. It was terrifying. It was such a bloody
"What are you doing?" Sherlock looked up from his laptop.
"It isn't, though," John assured him, placing a plate in front of him. "For one thing, there is no glacé fruit in it at all. None of those plasticky, rubbery bits. Just dried fruit -- raisins and currants, apples and apricots, things like that. Soaked in rum."
Lestrade gulped at that, and wondered at the depth of John’s feelings.  Loving Sherlock enough not only to tell him so, but to prepare for the fact that Sherlock might consider himself unlovable, or unworthy of being loved.
John snuffled a little, feeling he ought to be embarrassed by his tears but honestly so overcome that he didn’t care.  Sherlock kept kissing John’s face, showering him with love.  “Sherlock…”
John opened his eyes and rolled onto his side, looking at Sherlock.  He really looked very handsome in his new shorts.  “Yeah?”
John bit his lip too, though he looked less nervous and more as though he was restraining himself.  Well, that was flattering.  Sherlock lifted the covers up lightly, and slid in, and across to join John on his side.  No need to be coy, he supposed.  John grinned and reached for Sherlock, leaning in to kiss him deeply.  Gone were the afternoon’s chaste kisses – Sherlock felt John’s tongue enter his mouth almost immediately and suddenly his feelings roared up and his nerves abated.  He melted into John, letting him lead.  This was right.  This was everything.
Sherlock nodded.  “Deal.”
“You came,” John said tentatively.
John thought a moment about how best to put it.  For him, it was unequivocal, but he knew it might not be so simple for Sherlock.  “Let me put it this way, Sherlock.  I don’t know how you’re feeling right now, but I’ve never felt like this about anyone in my entire life; nothing’s ever come close.  And that you are here with me, having this conversation, holding my hand, and will let me hold you in bed tonight, means more to me than anything ever has.  I don’t want to freak you out, but even if we never take it further, this will be the most romantic holiday of my life.”
“I hadn’t thought of that.  I thought I had to know before I talked to him.”
things.”
“Aren’t you going to thank him, then?  You can’t let that be the last text.”
John stared at Sherlock.  “You… you… you have never said that in your entire life.  Not once, in all the years I’ve known you, have you said – or even thought – ‘better safe than sorry’.”
There was silence between them for a while.  John had to force himself quiet, not to fill it.  He knew Sherlock was thinking, that he would speak again when he was ready, but John’s heart was beating fast
They were laying on the rocks around the bay from the hotel.  They’d seen some of the younger couples among the hotel’s guests heading out this way and decided to follow them, delighted to find such a beautiful place to spread out.  It wasn’t terribly comfortable, but after a week of lounge chairs and pools, Sherlock was actually pleased to be on the hard surface by the sea, towel stretched out languidly beneath him, the rock rough against his fingertips.  He took a deep breath in with his eyes closed, revelling in the salty air and strong sunshine.  As sorry as he was to be heading back tomorrow, he felt that they’d really made the most of the week.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand lightly.  “Not like this, Sherlock.  Nothing like this.”
Lestrade purses his lips at this.  He knows what Sherlock is getting at, and this isn’t where he wants the conversation to go.  It doesn’t help anyone for Sherlock to feel scrutinised, or as though he’s the last to know.  It doesn’t help John, either, and ultimately that’s the most important thing.  Lestrade feels a rush of sympathy for them both, surprised at how much he wants this to work out, despite being an impromptu therapist on a Saturday afternoon.
Sherlock scrunched up his nose and looked displeased.  “John, this is our flat.  It will always be our flat.  Me knowing Mrs Hudson first doesn’t make it any more my flat than yours.  You know that.”  John breathed a sigh of relief.  This, at least, was good news.  The idea of moving out, not seeing Sherlock every day, having to start afresh after his declaration, felt a bit much.  Even if he had to suppress every feeling, restrain every gesture, and go to bed alone and broken-hearted each night, it was still better than the alternative.
John raised his eyebrows at this, and mulled it over.
“I guess... I guess I knew that.  I didn’t, hadn’t thought of it the way that Molly said, but I should have.  I had all the facts I needed to deduce that.  To know why you felt so betrayed.  To realise that this was your second time at the cemetery.  Your second time starting your life afresh.  Really your third, after… you know,” Sherlock waved a hand at John’s injured shoulder.
“Alright then, that would be lovely.”
“Wait!”
And so with that, he looked up for the change rooms, passing Sherlock and saying “I’ll just try these on,” as he headed towards the back of the shop.  Sherlock gave an approving nod as he glanced at the clothes in John’s hands, but said nothing as he returned to closely reading the label on some violently orange shorts in a section of the store that pronounced itself “Magical”.  John wondered, briefly, then decided to keep moving.
“That’s wonderful!  Your parents must be very proud.”
“Of course, anything.”
“Heaven,” agreed John, and they walked on down, picking up towels from a cabana on the way.  There were even fewer people down here, just an older couple probably 30m away.  It felt delightfully private.
Three grey dots appeared; Lestrade indeed had his phone in hand, despite the early hour.
“No, I shouldn’t expect so.  I think you could tell John that this is new for you, and that you would like to see where it goes.  I think he’d understand that.  He knows you, after all.”
Sherlock huffed a little air out, surprised and pleased by John’s words.  Feeling that John had put himself out there and bravely made the first move upstairs, Sherlock thought it was only fair that he initiate this time.  He stepped into John’s personal space, ran his left hand through John’s hair, and bent down to kiss him on the lips, bringing both hands up to cup John’s face.  John leaned up, resting his chest against Sherlock’s, and shifted gently against him.  John sighed happily as Sherlock moved to deepen the kiss, running his hands up and down Sherlock’s back now.  This was better than taking the carrier on and off – now there was nothing in his way, no hidden purpose, and he let his finders linger over Sherlock’s muscles.
“Anyway, this isn’t about me.  Tell me what you’re thinking.  Do you think maybe you feel the same way as John?”
Sherlock snorted and caught John’s eye.  “Yes, you do.  You’re constantly haranguing me about etiquette and niceties and playing the game.”
“What is this?  This is the oddest teddy bear I’ve ever seen.”
John laughed and ran his hand down Sherlock’s side from shoulder to waist, feeling a great sense of calm wash over him as he rubbed his thumb rhythmically over Sherlock’s hip bone.  “I’m really glad to hear that, Sherlock. That was pretty incredible for me too.”
“I have other friends…”
Sherlock snorted, “Of course he’s a musical bear, John – he’s Chopin!  He plays six of his own pieces, and there’s a list of the songs and of fun facts in the back of his jacket too.”
Sherlock acknowledged Lestrade’s snort with a raised eyebrow and light shrug.  “I know how weird that is.  I was dubious too.  But you know what?  It’s actually helped already.  I think he knew I needed some reference material to work through this.”
“Excuse me!”  Sherlock called out, launching towards the main route most people were using to cross the rocks.  He switched to his politest ‘Let me flirt my way into getting what I want from a passerby’ voice, as he intersected with an older family drifting past, heading back to the hotel. “Would you mind taking a photo of me and my boyfriend?”
John would have laughed at the euphemism from a man usually known for scientific and medical precision in all things, but Sherlock sounded forlorn.  John thought for a moment, and then spoke carefully, aware of the weight of his words.
“No, Sherlock – it isn’t that at all.  It looks great.  Amazing, in fact.  I can’t believe how different it is!  I’m just… struggling… I guess.  I didn’t know you had an interest in this stuff, and yet you clearly thought a lot about this.”
“No, really I do.  You’ve made me feel amazing today.  More loved than I expected to feel in a lifetime.”
Sherlock, who had been silent through the conversation so far, interjected.  Without John noticing, Sherlock had come much closer, and was only a foot or so from John when he spoke.
Sherlock gave a shocked laugh, and lifted up immediately.  “Oh my god, John! Why didn’t you say something?  I must have been crushing you.”
“Yes, of course, Sherlock.  I promise I will.  But I really need you to believe me when I tell you that this week was perfect, holiday-wise and sexually.  And that’s not a phrase I ever thought I’d say!”
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully.  “That’s just as well.  The seahorse ones are quite expensive, and if I got the elephants I could
Lestrade smiled easily back at Sherlock, “Well, he certainly knows you well enough.  What does it say, then?”  He felt pangs of curiosity, and wondered if Sherlock would hand it over.  It was probably private, but then he knew Sherlock’s interpretation of privacy was rather different than others’.  50-50 chance Lestrade would get to read it, he reckoned.
John chuckled and caught Sherlock’s eye.  Sherlock looked quite overcome for a moment, then made his way to the edge of the pool as Tim clambered out.  He pushed up and out of the pool in one sinuous movement, water rushing down his pale back as he got his knee under him and stood up to shake Tim’s father’s hand.  John couldn’t hear the exchange, but could see the surprised smile and raised eyebrows on Tim’s father’s face as he clearly worked out that it was “That Sherlock”.  Tim stood, dripping, beside his father, grinning up at them both as his head swivelled between them.  As the exchange ended, Sherlock looked down at Tim, putting out his hand to shake Tim’s.  This clearly was the cherry on top for Tim – to be treated with such respect by Sherlock was clearly more than he expected.  He put his small hand in Sherlock’s large one, and shook it solemnly.  John grinned.  Bloody good day.
John rolled his eyes again, and decided that was the best he could hope for.  “On you go then, you’ll need some clothes if we’re to be seen in public.  Though I guess we could order food to the room, if you prefer?”
“Yes, John wrote it for me.  He said it should answer some of my questions, and that I could text him if I had more.”
“Yes, but you said it’s by the sea, and I’m walking towards the sea, so how hard can it be?”
“Thanks, Sherlock.  That’s very kind of you.”
your experimentation list.  I think you’d be fascinated by what you find out.”  John knew Sherlock would be itching to get started – he should have known this would be too tantalising.  “And no, you’re not getting out of bed to find your laptop.  You’re staying right here with me.”
“Do me first, then I’ll do you.”
Sherlock nodded slowly, and continued reading.  He didn’t look up.  His face remained steadfastly neutral, and a last piece of John’s heart broke.  This wasn’t going how he’d hoped at all.  He decided it was time to cut his losses, grabbed the handle of the suitcase and turned towards the door, leaning the suitcase forward so it could roll on its wheels the old-fashioned way.
“I think so… but I liked before better.”
Sherlock looked nervous at mention of “breaking”, and John rolled his eyes.  “Honestly, Sherlock.  You’ll be fine.  I was just going to hand her to you, but if you’d prefer I can strap her into the carrier on you instead, then you’ll know she’s safe and you can’t drop her.”
“Sherlock?”
He’d done everything in his power to show he was different after his return.  That he could let Mary into their partnership.  That he loved John enough to do that, even when she felt like an intruder from the start.  Every smile, every meal, every wedding planning meeting – all for John.
“I came,” Sherlock agreed, nodding a little.  He moved further into the room, scanning John’s face, which already felt more intimate a gesture than it had this morning.  “But you knew I’d come.  You packed for me.”
“There’s a hammock thing in here, filled with tiny men.”
“Oi, Lestrade.  Help.”
John nodded, even knowing Sherlock couldn’t see it.  “Me too.  How about this – if you lay on your back, I’ll come over for a cuddle.”
“I don’t, actually.
Sherlock gave a light shake of his head, looking more confident, stood up straight again to take in the view.  “Wow, this is really something.”
“John, wake up.  I want to swim.”
Once satisfied with all aspects of the missive, Sherlock strode around the corner to post it.  As the envelope slipped away from him into the cherry red post-box, Sherlock felt more at peace than he had in weeks.  Even if John never wrote back, never came around, never spoke to Sherlock again, this felt like the right message.  He’d done everything he could, everything he should, to leave the door open.
“I can hear you thinking… will you tell me what it is?”  Sherlock ventured.
John snorted a little.  Only Sherlock.
“Are your parents here?”  John looked around the edges of the pool, sure a parent would be keeping an eye on Tim.  He wasn’t young enough for there to be a real concern about water safety, but John imagined any parent would be keeping a close-ish eye on their son talking to strange men.  Sure enough, he caught the eye of a woman in her late 30s, wearing a pink one piece swimsuit, a surprising tan, and a wide brimmed hat, who was leaning forward and clearly checking that Tim was ok.  John gave her an acknowledging head tilt, and a bit of a wave.  She waved back, not looking terribly concerned.
Sherlock looked down at John with a grin.  “I really am,” he said softly.  He looked a bit nervous then, and his eyes scanned John’s face, seeming to check that they were going to pick right back up from last night.  John gave him a reassuring smile, and gestured for Sherlock to take the other chair.
Sherlock dove back into the change room, evidently not at all concerned about this turn of events.  He popped back out again momentarily, a cheerful expression on his face.
When he finished, Sherlock could hear his own breaths.  Hear John’s breaths.  Could hear John thinking.  He felt John release his hands, heard John’s chair push back from the table, and prayed to a god he had always sworn he didn’t believe in that John was making his way around the table.  He opened his eyes again just in time to see John’s face coming closer, his face blazing with love and pride and hope.  Sherlock pushed back his own chair to make room for John, reached out, and John fell into his arms, desperately.  They clutched at each other, kissing relentlessly, harder, faster, deeper, until they were both out of breath and grasping each other tightly.  Then they stilled, resting their foreheads together once more.
“You’re home,” he said in a low tone as he swung his legs around and stood up.
John smiled then, and looked around some more.  The room was now pleasantly minimalist – there was no clutter, there were neat spaces to put everything, and simple Roman blinds in the windows, with a drawstring to lower them at night.  He admired a new chest of drawers, also simple in natural wood, and then turned to open his old closet.  Inside, he was pleased to find new shelving in addition to his old hanging space.  It was meticulous – polished and clean and just waiting for his things to be hung up.  Somehow it smelt of cedar, which it never had before, though how Sherlock could have achieved that, John didn’t know.
“Good!  Now come over here.  Let’s try this hug thing, then.  And if it’s horrible, you can tell me.”  Sherlock thought John sounded altogether too cheerful about the idea of their hug being terrible, but scooted up the bed nevertheless.  After a mildly awkward moment as they worked out how to arrange themselves – fair to say this was an overthought hug – Sherlock reached for John, draping his long arms around John’s shoulders and pulling him close, just as John’s arms went under, circling around Sherlock’s sides and clasping his back.
Sherlock squinted at the screen.  What a useless answer, even from Mycroft.  Nevertheless, he stepped back from his dresser and turned to face his wardrobe.  Up on top, his suitcase was in its usual spot, waiting for the next adventure.  Sherlock stood on tiptoe, reaching his long fingers up to grasp the wheel and pull it down.  Instead of giving easily and sliding neatly off as it usually did, the suitcase felt resistant.  Heavy.  Reluctant to bring it down on his own head, Sherlock tried to remember if he’d been storing things in it.  Books?  An experiment? Maybe he’d forgotten to unpack from his last trip?  That didn’t seem terribly likely.  Not that Sherlock was particularly neat generally, but he was generally fastidious about his clothing.
“John, really.  Get your mind out of the gutter.”
John nodded – he’d assumed if Sherlock was on a renovating run, he wouldn’t leave his own room untouched.  It had been years since John had seen inside, and even then he doesn’t remember actually having gone in.  It had always seemed sort of “out of bounds”, though even as he thinks that now, it seems a bit silly.  Maybe he’d developed a bit of a thing about it?  Certainly Sherlock had no qualms about being in John’s space – John had woken up with a start on more than one occasion to Sherlock looming over him in bed, wondering why John was sleeping so late (6.30am), enquiring if he’d come find Lestrade (midnight), or asking whether John had any fishing line Sherlock could borrow (3am).
“Can I ask you something, though?”  John paused.  “Just because I feel like maybe we did skip over something.”
“Do… do you like it?”
Sherlock looked up at John at these words, earnestness flooding his expression.  “John... I care.  Of course I care.”
“What’s what?  I can’t see around you.”
“Just wondering if this is what you wanted.”
John chuckled a little at this – no matter how unlikely it was to eventuate, mistakenly dropping his daughter didn’t really compare to having his wife shot before his eyes, but he could see how for Sherlock they were so closely connected.
Sherlock snorted at this, and had the good grace to look a bit embarrassed.  “Yes, well.  I’ve never had such good reason to be safe, now have I?  She’s your daughter, John.”
John chuckled lightly, careful not to admonish Sherlock, who was clearly new to this kind of sharing.  “Well, I’d hope so.  Have you ever been on a holiday with a partner before?”
“Where are you from, Tim?”
Lestrade looked down, “Um… clothes?”
John looked dubious – he didn’t love having things bought for him.  He’d always been a bit weird about it, even in relationships; it made him feel like he was the poor kid at school again.  On the other hand, Sherlock clearly wanted to do this for John, and John was idly aware that this conversation was bringing Sherlock down from the giddy mood he’d been in since they entered the shop.
________________________________
After a few moments, he said, “And what do you want, Sherlock?  What do you really want?”
John’s face dropped and he looked mildly horrified.  “You showed Lestrade?” John grimaced as he tried to remember the worst of what was on there.  “It wasn’t really intended for his eyes, you know.”
Sherlock rolled over onto his stomach, baking happily in the late afternoon sun and sneaking a glance over at John.  He was on his back, one arm flung over his eyes and one knee bent upwards.  The golden light Sherlock would forevermore associate with Malta was hitting him just right.  Sherlock rested the edge of his phone on the rock to his side, and awkwardly bent around so his finger could hit the photo button.  He wanted to remember John, this week, just like this.
John snorted a little at that, as heartfelt as Sherlock’s little speech had been.  “Still not gay”, he thought to himself, with a mental eye roll.
John studied Sherlock’s face, seeing how much he was trying.  “Sherlock, you’re here, and that’s miraculous.  Honestly – I don’t know if I can possibly express how amazing and terrifying it felt to hear the buzz of your key card on the door just now.  I didn’t expect you tonight, and after how the conversation went this morning, I was preparing myself not to see you at all.”
John startled a little, clearly surprised, but relaxed again almost immediately. “Sherlock, that feels amazing,” said John softly, rubbing his hands up Sherlock’s back.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and his expression said that Lestrade was intolerably immature.  Lestrade found he didn’t care.  The less he was involved in this part of the conversation, the better.
side of the wall for erosion.  With one hand holding Sherlock’s shirt, John had reluctantly allowed Sherlock to lean back over to take photos, and smiled slightly as he heard Sherlock mutter, “Marvellous, just marvellous,” as he inspected the masonry.
Sherlock could see on Molly’s face how sure she was of her message, how she wanted to protect John, but also how precisely she could understood the impact on Sherlock.  How cutting this would be.
“It doesn’t rock, you know.”
______________________
John smiled at this, thinking back to his own time at school, and how important those things had seemed at the time.  In the military too, actually – badges and honours and things that didn’t really exist in the “real” world.  He missed that feeling sometimes, of good work being rewarded with something visible, tangible.
John gave Sherlock a light swat, but chuckled.  There was the Sherlock Holmes confidence, back again.
“Do you want to hold her?” he said, looking at Sherlock and Rosie’s joined fingers.
“Me too.”
“You did all of this for us?”
“Ah, well, yes… I may have got a bit carried away.  But better safe than sorry, I always say.”
Sherlock nodded, biting his lip.
Without even reading the note Molly has pressed into his hand, he knows it.
“Don’t you want to try them on first?” John offered as Sherlock disappeared again.
Sherlock nodded in the darkness.  “I like that.  You know I’m not good at hints.  Much better that we just spell them out.”
Sherlock sat with this information for a second, marvelling that both John knew him so well.  Knew that he’d text Lestrade and not Molly or Mycroft, or head downstairs to find Mrs Hudson.  He filed that information away to examine more closely later.
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand reassuringly. “No, I knew that.  I didn’t really show him.  I did read one of the answers out to him, and I showed him briefly to prove that you’d told me where you were.  He didn’t believe me.”
“So… yeah.  That’s what I wanted to tell you.  And I booked the trip to Malta so you could have a week alone to think about it.  Because I know this will be a big shock, and maybe quite an unwelcome one, and I didn’t want to be awkward around you while you take it in.”
Sherlock rattled off the options without taking a breath.  John considered.  “How about we do the gardens first, as it sounds like that’ll get busy if the views are really good?  I don’t really fancy standing in a line for the cathedral, but if you want to then we can.”
“You mean you don’t want the neighbours to watch you blow me?”
Padding barefoot out of the changing area and back to where he’d last seen Sherlock, he did a spin of the shop before he realised Sherlock wasn’t there.  Biting back a bit of panic, that funny sensation of being separated from his mother as a child, he spun around at a voice.  A young man, maybe 19, was smiling at him from behind the counter.  “Are you looking for your friend?”  John nodded.  “He’s in the changing rooms – I think you just missed each other.  Great shorts, by the way!  That colour really suits you.”
Sherlock refrained from rolling his eyes.  Of course Greg would be president of the Mycroft Fan Club.  How very predictable.
John paused then, looking reflective.  His mouth was suddenly dry and he realised he’s done a lot of talking, and Sherlock had been watching him closely.
“Sherlock… I want to tell you something.”
“Yes, you are.  You don’t need to lie to me, you know.  Just spit it out, and then we’ll both know whatever it is.”
“No… I meant… sexually.”
Sherlock looked at John with surprise.  “You were nervous?”
“Yes, well, I’ve been thinking we should change that.”
Sherlock nodded, looking serious.  That made complete sense, though in all his self-absorption today, he hadn’t spent a lot of time thinking about how John’s day must have been.
“There are more changes?”
“Yep, I’m 10.  I’m going into Year 6 in September.  I’m a prefect at my school.”
Up the stairs, resting at an angle on the coffee table facing the door, sat a large horizontal picture frame with three equal-sized A4 panes, wrapped in a novelty size red bow.  In the left pane was a photograph of two men in brightly coloured swim shorts on a golden rocky foreshore, beaming at the photographer.  Their tanned skin glowed in the late afternoon sun, contrasting wonderfully with the azure sea behind them.  In the right pane was the same photograph taken seconds later, with the taller man bending down to consume the shorter man in a kiss, hands wrapped around the shorter man’s face, pulling him closer.  The shorter man’s body curved impossibly towards the taller man; both utterly absorbed.  And in the middle pane was a single page of densely typed text, headed “FAQ”.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “I’m not going to get them after that face!  You hate them.”  He squinted at John, “You think they’re garish and they clash with my skin colour and you have a pre-existing aversion to orange as to you it always feels somehow industrial.”  He grinned in triumph.  “Right?”
John nodded slowly, without breaking eye contact.  “It was one of the scarier things I’ve done in my life. Exhilarating and terrifying…  But also… a huge relief.  I’m glad that you know, and I’m even gladder you’re here.”  John scooted forward and picked up Sherlock’s hand from where it had been resting lightly on the bed.  He gave it a tentative squeeze, not sure how this would be received.  Sherlock looked a bit surprised at the contact, but didn’t pull away.
When John made his way out of the cab, stuffing his wallet back in his pocket and wondering why he ever bothered getting receipts, he was startled to see that Sherlock remained out front of 221, though the door was open and the suitcases appeared to have been deposited inside.  He had an odd expression on his face.
Sherlock swung his legs around and sat up in one sinuous movement, neatly sidestepping the coffee table and loping across the room.  John noted his grace, even as he saw doubt begin to flicker on Sherlock’s face.  Sherlock was bracing himself for bad news, then.
Sherlock looked evenly over at John, face serious for a moment.  “We really are.”  John smiled at that, and leaned back again with his eyes closed, enjoying the warm sun on his skin.
“Thank you.  This was fun.”
Lestrade nodded, “Of course, mate.  Anything I can do.”
“Oh, that wasn’t really a deduction.  Just felt more likely that you’d been to Lisbon than Malta – maybe a university trip with friends, or a group trip while at Bart’s.  Malta tends to be more popular with the over 40s crowd, which hasn’t been you until rather recently.”
“Just feeling happy, Sherlock.  Aren’t we lucky?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  Mycroft was bloody everywhere.  He didn’t think John would have confided in Mycroft, and yet… the Hilton was niggling at him.  How could John have afforded the Hilton?  He pushed the thought to the back of his mind, and replied.
_____________________________________________
“Hmm.”
Sherlock snatched the paper back from him.
Sherlock squinted at John, considering.  “But… doesn’t this feel momentous?  We’re coming home to
“Is that… new wallpaper?” he said, as he looked around the fireplace, the bookshelves and the chairs, sweeping back around to take in the familiar windows.  He sniffed the air.  “It smells different in here, too.  Almost… fresh?”  Sherlock just smiled enigmatically, watching as John did a slow spin.
“Yes, sorry – I’m coming.”
“… Why would you wear them around Baker Street in the winter?”
They lay there like that for ages, John not quite sure if Sherlock was in fact sleeping, or just enjoying the embrace as much as John himself.  As pleasant as it was, John’s stomach gave a rumble.  Time for a shower and some breakfast, he thought.  Lifting Sherlock’s arm lightly off him and doing a less-smooth-than-he’d-have-liked roll sideways out of the bed, John stood and turned to look at Sherlock in the dim morning light.  Taking a chance that he wouldn’t wake Sherlock, John opened the curtains a bit, pulling them aside from the side furthest from the bed, so the room would brighten without shining light into Sherlock’s eyes.
___________________________________
Though they were both decidedly sticky and John idly thought of getting a flannel, he rolled onto his side, facing Sherlock but not quite touching, deciding this conversation was more important.  He leaned forward to give Sherlock a slow kiss and ventured, “Seems like that went ok for you?”
Sherlock’s expression had moved back to a calculated neutral, and John knew Sherlock was deliberately masking himself.  That was probably to be expected.  Sherlock was probably horrified by this development.  Wished John had just shut up and kept this to himself until he got over it.  Wished their lives, their little flat, could just keep going as it always had.  John decided to continue on.  May as well get the rest out while he was here, and then he could escape Baker Street and cower alone.  He would get a cab, he decided.  Who had he been kidding, that he’d have the most important conversation of his life and then just stroll on down to the Tube?
He went and sat back down in his chair, facing John’s.
The kid looked relieved, and rather surprised to have escaped worse.  His small frame relaxed immediately, and he offered John a tentative smile.  “Ball got away from me.”
. I’ll show you frisky.”  With this, Sherlock launched forward off his chair, pouncing on John and intending to snog him senseless.  With arms propped straight on the wicker chair’s arms, Sherlock bent down to kiss John wetly, deeply, working out how to get his knees on either side of John’s thighs.
He found Sherlock utterly absorbed, running his hands across the hangers lovingly and pausing periodically to pull various collared shirts out for closer inspection.  The shelving was a bright white, and John noticed immediately how vivid the colours of the clothing were in contrast.  Unusual for menswear to be so vibrant – John could see why it appealed to Sherlock.  There was a decidedly nautical vibe in the store, and John decided he quite liked the environment himself.  Never really one for shopping, he decided to take Sherlock’s lead and inspect the wares.
Looking back, Sherlock’s eyes rested on John’s face, finding him looking back at him expectantly, with amusement around his eyes and lifted brows.  He’d been waiting for Sherlock to deduce… planned for it, even.
There was a pause, just for a moment, then Sherlock lunged at John, overwhelmed by the need to be physically near him, to touch him, to be enveloped by him.  John looked startled for a moment, then pleased as Sherlock came at him from the side, folding himself around the left side of John’s body, with his right arm thrown across John’s back, and his face wedged tightly in the gap between John’s neck and his right shoulder.  Sherlock’s left arm softly cradled Rosie in her carrier.  Sherlock clung to John, tense and breathing deeply, and John thought carefully before slowly lifting his left arm to hug Sherlock back.
__________________________
“Yes, really.  Why wouldn’t I have a day off?”
revolved around cleanliness or the kitchen!  You cut me off – what I was going to say was that I thought that was a stupid thing to care about, but then she explained that that was the way her mother always did it.  That that was how she’d been raised to leave the kitchen.  So something that was really unimportant to me, and frankly took very little effort, was something that was really important to her.  That’s what I meant.”
that seems to assume that I might not believe him.”
John looked around the play corner again, taking everything in this time.  He could see the care that had gone into every choice.  His heart warmed as he realised he could see hints of Sherlock in every item – the subjects he cared about, the lessons he wanted to teach Rosie, the world he wanted to open up for her.  John didn’t think Sherlock knew anything at all about babies, and yet… this was perfect.  It must have taken Sherlock weeks to find these things, and to arrange them so thoughtfully.
“No, but our grandparents did, and Mycroft delighted in taunting me.  Of course, he’s 7 years older and was actually quite a good swimmer, so in retrospect I’m not that surprised that he found my cautious approach to pools rather underwhelming.”
“I thought you could put Rosie’s cot there, you know.” Sherlock interjected. “Under the window.  I didn’t buy you one because I figured you’d already have one.  But if you want something different, of course we could do that instead… and I thought you could put the changing mat on top of the dresser.  Not sure there’s enough space here for both a dresser and a changing table, but I’m sure we could work something out.”
Sherlock closes his eyes and leans back in his chair, musing on what to do.  He could run after John, ask him to stay, ask him to talk.  But what would Sherlock say?  What could he say?  Sherlock has no idea what just happened.  He didn’t see this coming at all – any of it.  The suitcase, the holiday, the declaration of love.  From John!  His John!  Who had never indicated he had any of these feelings.  Who hadn’t been acting oddly at all these last few months.
John snorted with laughter.  Of course that was material information to Sherlock. Sherlock held each pair of shorts dramatically over the orange ones he was wearing, poking his legs out at an angle as he did so, so John could get the whole picture.  “Ahhh… ok.  Why would it be relevant that they glow in the dark?  It’s 28’C and humid as fuck outside.  I haven’t had this much sunshine at once since Afghanistan.”
“Nah, she’ll be right.  She’ll be pleased I’m not asking her to get in.  She doesn’t like to get wet.”
____________________________________
“I know,” Sherlock said softly, looking back down at the paper in his hand.  “I believe him, you know.  Not that I wouldn’t – he’d have no reason to say that he loved me if he didn’t – but he’s also written an answer for
John rubbed Sherlock’s back firmly, still holding Sherlock tight.  This time it was his turn to breathe Sherlock in, and he did so without embarrassment.  Sherlock also smelt like home to John – how funny that he’d never thought that before.  Subtle yet expensive soap from that fancy barber down in Curzon Street.  Sherlock’s hair curling lightly over his collar, his white collared shirt still neatly pressed despite being crushed against the chair cushions when John had arrived.  John could feel the pleasant knobbles of Sherlock’s spine as he rubbed his hand down his back.  For a gesture intended to comfort Sherlock, it was having a surprisingly calming effect on John himself.
“Well then, I think I should be quite clear.  I feel remarkably less inclined to snog you when you call me a sock or a bean.”
John snorted.  For a brilliant man who never hesitated to call others ‘idiots’ it was quite pleasing to see him so captivated by such a simple thing.  He filed it away to tell Lestrade – he’d enjoy that too.
“Greg, then.”
Sherlock nodded, eyes still closed.
“Well, cheers to that, then!  A Sunday in the park with Tim at some point, and potentially helping some kid out after that.”  John tipped his beer bottle in Sherlock’s direction and was pleased with the returning *clink*.  It was reassuring to John that they were developing a bit of a model to have the big, scary conversations – he hadn’t been in a relationship in years that was serious enough to merit these sorts of discussions, and he knew Sherlock never had.  One down, X to go, thought John calmly.
Stepping out of the bathroom, John wasn’t sure what to expect.  Would Sherlock have moved at all, or would John need to wake him?  After the brightness of the bathroom, John peered into the darkness.  Sherlock clearly hadn’t opened the blinds further.
“Not a print out of your ticket then?”  Sherlock noted, as he looked at the page.  It was the first thing he’d said in ages, and it came out in a low tone.
John shot a quick glare at Sherlock and chose the chair, plonking himself down just as Sherlock had done.  He sat back, delighted with this.  So deep and comfortable!  The table did seem rather far away and too low to be of much use, but he couldn’t bring himself to care.  What bliss!
“Will you tell me what you’re thinking about?  You don’t have to.  You just look like you’re a million miles away.”
With his eyes still closed and their foreheads still touching, Sherlock breathed deeply and nodded.  “Yes… that was… that was everything.”  John scanned Sherlock’s face to check… and when Sherlock opened his eyes and looked straight into John’s, John felt overwhelming relief.
John turned back to the door and took another deep breath.  “Bye, then.”
John’s expression lifted at this – almost a compliment, coming from Sherlock.  He started again, “No, I meant, this is about me having met someone but it’s not new and I suspect it’s not what you think.  And I do know.  Quite concretely.  That’s what I wanted to talk to you about.”
Sherlock looked intensely relieved at this, and said immediately, “Yes, please.  I can work up to holding her, but for now a safety harness feels like our best bet.”
“No, Sherlock, that’s not what I meant.  You don’t need to be sorry.  This was always the plan – that I’d tell you and then leave you to think about it.  I knew what I was signing up for.  Honestly, it could have been a whole week of this.  I always knew that was a possibility.”
“I – uh – I don’t really know what to say, Sherlock.  I’m a bit out of my depth here.”
“Oh come on, Sherlock.  He got you on a flight to a peak holiday destination in the middle of the summertime, and arranged for cars at both ends, on two hours’ notice.  That’s pretty nice.  Even you have to acknowledge that.”
“You love the hoi polloi, don’t lie… but when you say ‘It’ll take us…’ you mean…?”
Sherlock pursed his lips, looking a touch uncertain.  “But that can’t be right.  You’ve been in relationships before.”
John chuckled.  “That I do.  Ok… how about this.  I’ll do my best to tell you what I’m thinking, and I promise to try and tell you if you ask me.  But I have two conditions.” Sherlock frowned lightly at this, but then caught John's eye and gestured for him to continue.  “First, I reserve the right not to tell you if I’m genuinely worried that I’ll jeopardise this completely.  But I promise I’ll employ a pretty high bar for that, and I won’t use it as a crutch.”  Sherlock nodded at this.  “And second, I want you to try and do the same thing.  I know yours will probably be quite different, but I’d also like you to be honest with me if I ask you.  And you get the benefit of the first condition too, of course.”  John raised his eyebrows in question to Sherlock.  “Deal?”
“You want to tell me.  You’re almost giddy with it.  Which makes no sense, because you wanted this to be a surprise.  You haven’t mentioned going away, and you certainly hid your packing and planning.  It’s not just that you failed to mention it; you actively took steps to make sure I didn’t know.”
“Yes.  I wasn’t really surprised.”
John chuckled, then said, “It’s not about fixing things, though Sherlock.  Really – not a criticism.  All I mean is that I think we’ll both find that there are things in a relationship that are important to us, either in the bedroom or otherwise, and it’s sometimes hard to say them aloud.  And I want us to be the kind of couple that says them aloud, even when it’s awkward.  Sound good?”
“Also – dare I say it – I think you should talk to John about this.  Not just because I am so utterly out of my depth, but also because he’s the person who knows the answer to the question.”
“No, look, I know you weren’t blameless there.  I know you goaded the secretary into it, and I’m not sure I’m really over that, or will ever get over that.  But… that was you being you.  And I’ve seen you do that countless times with incredible results.  This city, this country, I – we’re all better off for your deductions.  For your brilliant mind, and your impulsive streak.  And I think over the last few months I realised that I couldn’t have all this respect for you, and all these incredible memories of our cases together, and yet hate you for the one time it went wrong that had consequences for me…. That’s not fair to you.”
Sherlock ran his large hand lightly over her downy head, and spoke in a low, quiet voice that made John’s skin tingle.  “Oh dear, I’m sorry.  I forgot about you for a moment – you’d been so quiet, my little friend.  John – can you take her off me?  I don’t know how.”
“Why are you looking at me like that?  You’re freaking me out.”
Taking the suitcase back off Lestrade, Sherlock dumped it unceremoniously on the bed, and reached around the back to find the zip.  As he pulled it neatly around, and tipped the suitcase’s back, he gave a small gasp.  There, on top, were his favourite swim shorts.  And resting lightly on top of them was a note, in John’s handwriting.
John looked up from the bear to Sherlock, amazement on his face.  “He’s a musical bear!”
Lestrade agreed, quietly.  He loved the idea of a bold declaration, and had enjoyed momentary visions of himself and Sherlock flying through London traffic with the blue and reds on, pulling into Heathrow Departures with a flourish, and Sherlock tearing down the terminal after his one true love.  But that wasn’t very Sherlock, after all.  As impulsive (and infuriating) as Sherlock could be, he could understand wanting to get this one right.  It was John, after all.
“I know that, but John these tables! They’re menus! It’s so clever.”
“I… I think I might.  I don’t really know how I feel because I’ve never felt like this before.  But I know that John is the best man I know.  He’s my favourite person in the world.  I want to talk to him forever.  I want to listen to every word he ever says.  I like to watch him reading, and eating, and sleeping.”  Lestrade’s eyebrows raised at this, his tanned skin reaching up higher into his silver hairline and his face shifted into an amused smirk.
Lestrade knocked, and Sherlock called out “Come in!” even though they both knew Lestrade would anyway.  He entered, wearing a fitted grey t-shirt, dark jeans, and shockingly white trainers.  Sherlock squinted at him, “What are you
John was making his way down the stairs from his room with a few bumps and some muffled swear words.  Sherlock, laying on his back on the sofa with his hands steepled and eyes on the ceiling, deduced that John was struggling with something heavy.  He was making slower progress than usual, and yet not so slow as to indicate moving furniture.  Something under 15kg, then.  And an awkward shape, or John wouldn’t be bumping the walls.  He squinted a little as he considered what it might be.  John wouldn’t have that amount of rubbish in his room, and wasn’t really the Salvation Army-donation sort.  If anything, he was the wearer of those clothes, not the giver.  Sherlock snorted to himself at the appalled look any of the homeless might sport, receiving John’s knobbly jumpers as an act of charity.
Sherlock nodded, smiling a little as he acknowledged the comment.  The room was brighter – he’d also changed the curtains and pulled them wide for maximum sunshine to enter.  Instead of feeling betrayed by the sun spilling through the windows on his darkest days, he’d found he was able to wallow perfectly well, and see things more clearly.
John snorted.  Of course Sherlock was concerned that this English family wasn’t taking full advantage of the amenities.  Tim, however, didn’t seem at all concerned by the interjection.  “Oh yeah, Dad saw that.  There are buttons in the umbrellas and everything, did you notice?” he said excitedly.
“I’m sorry.  That must have hurt.”
Back inside the flat, Sherlock is staring at the closed door, John’s crushed silhouette as he pulled it closed behind him imprinted on his mind’s eye.  Sherlock doesn’t always read others’ emotions well, but he can read John.  And John isn’t ok.  John is devastated.
“Oh, Sherlock.”  He spoke softly, “Of course not.  This week was everything to me – not one second of it was a disappointment.”
Sherlock snorted at John’s expression of wonder (so predictable), before looking around himself and marvelling.  They were in an enormous plaza.  The same mellow yellow limestone that made St Julian’s so beautiful was everywhere here – under their feet, and forming the basin of the fountain, plus the enormous walls.  Against the cloudless blue sky, it was really something.
“Well, come in then,” said Sherlock, gesturing to the room behind them.  Neither of them had really moved past the threshold – John was inside, but only just.  He laughed a little as he realised he now merited an invitation to step into the main room of the flat that had been his for so long.  He looked around, surprised to notice that a lot had changed.
That got John’s attention.  He opened his eyes in the darkness, and rolled onto his side, facing Sherlock.
“I am, now you’re here.  Are you feeling ok?  Or a bit overwhelmed by it all?  I don’t want to push you.”
Those memories felt impossibly far away, now.  Before Mary, before the fall, before John was wary about caring too much.  He tried to push these thoughts out of his head, and be present for Sherlock, for whom this was clearly an important moment.
“I want to tell you what I was thinking, even though I know it’s not a normal thing to tell you when we’ve only been doing this,” here, he mirrored John’s hand motions from earlier, “for a day.  And even though I think it might freak you out.”
“Yes!”
“First stop, the bathroom!” grinned Sherlock.  He held open the door and let John step inside – there really wasn’t room for both of them and Rosie.  John was taken aback when he saw the changes – a bath! Beautiful new tiles everywhere, and a much more modern loo than had been there before.  A lovely new sink, with a big mirror and what looked like more storage space.  As he took it all in, he noticed a sort of net hammock thing on the inside of the bath.
Sherlock had a split second to decide whether to shout at John not to go, but even as he started to think that through, John jerked the door shut behind him and the cab pulled out into Baker Street.   Sherlock could text him… but he found he didn’t want to do that either.  What he really wanted was to think.
“Even then.  I’m not saying I won’t freak out – I think that’s overambitious, and frankly you know me better than that – but I think I’d like to know what you’re thinking, and then at least I’ll have all the information.  You know how I like to have all the information, John,” Sherlock winked at John, and this lightened the mood.
“There you are!  I thought you’d abandoned me, until I saw the flutter of the curtain.”
“Oh, I don’t know.  Sometimes I get hot when I’m doing experiments, and these would make a nice change.”
“I said, ‘Come on!’”
John thought about this.  It was still, to John, a heart-wrenching thing to say, but he knew what Sherlock meant.
