This went well until the rains that had been threating finally made their appearance and the faint traces of the wagon vanished as the water hit the dirt. Then the skies opened up and the road became a stream.
John bent down and stroked Jim’s hair, “You don’t have to be here love while we do this. I can have Tiger take you home. I know how hard this is for you.”
He shuttered and said in a low voice, “When they take you into the room of pain, strap you down to the metal table, force a gag in your mouth, and attach wires to points on the straps which have a small metal plates attached to them. They change the position of them from time to time but always attached to the head.”
Holmes said to the driver, “No, tell my brother it will not do. I must go to Baker Street now and do not have any time for side trips. His sons’ lives are in danger and he knows this all too well.”
I nodded as it was true. My mother had my wool slacks lined so that the cursed fiber would not touch my skin.
I find myself as I write, at the instruction of my Master, the true facts of our lives while wondering how we even made it to the age we are now considering some of the harrowing adventures that have been part and parcel of our existence.
My fear became terror. The room was well lit, as it was the middle of the day. They had pulled the shades back allowing the light in after having them in place to remove the blindfold he had been wearing.
“Your duties during the day will be to tutor my two sons. They will be off to university in two years time and I want to make sure that they will do well. You will hone their English and Russian along with testing their knowledge on various subjects.”
Our Uncles made an appearance in our lives after our fourth birthday. Our father had read us the stories that Uncle John had written about our Uncle Sherlock from the time we were very young.
“Yes!” said Sherlock, “The boys have been held in an area with lots of coal dust. And not just any coal, that color gives me an even smaller area where they are.”
Father brought him home for dinner that evening and we questioned him about his adventures and his life and our Uncle Sherlock. I watched him very carefully and noticed something that I had seen before in the behavior of others in the house.
The next morning I woke up to Holmes screaming to be let go. He would be good. He was hysterical and pulling so hard against the straps that I thought he would hurt himself. When Yama came towards him with the syringe, Holmes almost dislocated his shoulders trying to get away. It was pitiful to watch. He fought the drug running through system with every ounce of strength he had until he finally succumbed to it.
It was in the middle of the meal that the news of the body was received. Holmes and I went with the local constabulary and the head master to see the bodies.
I had been taken to Delek with the knife still buried in my chest and my lungs filling with blood. They drained the blood from my lungs by the means of an incision and a piece of tubing. How Delek got the dagger out of my chest without the lung collapsing or my heart to be pierced or half a dozen other things that could have led to my immediate demise are mysteries to this day. Apparently at some point my heart did stop but he got it going again, several times. He did save my life that day and I will always be grateful to him for that.
I am working my way to one scene that is so clear in my head it won't go away but there is a lot of set up before we get there.
“Public sex and voyeurism. At this rate we’ll be done with it before your heat is even over,” said Sherlock with a yawn, “Mycroft will be so displeased.”
Seb and Sherlock made their way to the morgue to find Molly working on a recent gunshot victim. The tattoos revealed the man’s roots in the Russian Solntsevskaya Gang.
The light was turned off leaving Toby in darkness again shivering at the thought of what was next for him.
Lestrade palmed his now straining cock. He wanted to leave but….Fuck it. He locked the door to the observation room and stripped. His cock was jutting proudly from his body but it was nothing compared to the monster attached to Sherlock’s body.
The door opened again and two men brought in Sherlock holding him up. They placed him carefully in the chair John had been sitting in. He was still breathing hard. His hair was wet and dripping. Mycroft could see all the marks on his body, which now matched all the marks he had given Jim.
I sighed and rubbed my hands across my face trying to find another argument to keep from having to join in with this mad plan, “What if I do it? I am already trained and can easily perform the tasks needed.”
I looked at the dagger that Jaman gave me. I already knew that this dagger gave me access to the people who would help me. Jaman had told me that one of symbol on the hilt informed the Marketplace members that I was one of them. There was the other that informed tribe members that I was a sacred guest to be given what help I needed. And a third that informed people I was considered a son to Jaman’s father and vengeance would be swift if harm came to me. Jaman joked that this made me a Prince among men.
“Moran, it was just a bit of fun. I didn’t mean anything by it. Besides he wanted it. He asked me to give him some form of release.”
Yama, Delek and I proceeded to tell Holmes all that had happened since we had arrived at the monastery. They filled in some gaps in my memory.
He followed me to the bathhouse. The monks who were bathing got out quickly. They bowed to me upon leaving.
Greg and John slammed down their pints and grabbed their coats. They started towards the door when John was grabbed roughly and spun into a wall. He found an arm across his throat and a hand roughly down his pants grabbing at his ass. He kneed the Alpha in the crotch and his rather thick erection.
“8 days and it was touch and go for a bit. You had been poisoned and were also running a very high fever.”
“Alright, we will stay here for a bit,” I said trying to calm him down. I finally got him to lie down next to me but he would not let me out from behind him. I stroked his hair and muttered words that I hoped would comfort him. Eventually he let me get up but was very wary if I went near the door going to the point of tackling me when I touched the door handle. He placed himself between me and the door and grunted. Unless he was manhandling me, he kept himself on all fours.
Everyone at the room looked at me. The two on the couch with shock. Mycroft with distaste. Sherlock with disappointment.
I grew out my beard and then shaved to create some rather magnificent mutton chops. Mary dyed my hair black with a touch of grey at the temples. She darkened her hair as well. Mycroft provided us with suitable clothing and papers.
Eventually my legs gave out and I fell managing to drop Sherlock before toppling over as shear exhaustion took over.
I sat down on my bed and let all the feelings of sadness and angry out into the empty room. I could not even be allowed to morn my loss without strings attached.
Thanks to those of you still reading. I promise that eventually I will get all the way through this tale.
Every night we would let him up and walk around. Then we would spike and lock him securely and take turns keeping an eye on him.
By the looks of it Sherlock was trying his best not to scream but his willpower gave out after a while and Mycroft watched and listened as his brother pleaded and screamed his name.
“They are all part of you Holmes. We just have to get them to agree to that and work you back to a whole.”
I found out through a fellow slave that the Baron had made an offer for me that Moriarty had refused and informed the Baron I was not for sale. The Baron decided that this was a challenge and kept using me in his demonstration but he started adding pleasure to the pain. He would watch my reaction to things very carefully. He seemed to be cataloging me.
“Sit,” said John and Toby obeyed. John sat in a lawn chair and pulled out his phone scrolling through something with occasional text replies.
Then he felt a finger breach him in a most private place. He relaxed and focused on the sensation of that finger. Slowly one became two and then three. Pushing and pulling and stretching him. Readying him for what was to come.
Alexia laughed, “Not with the female of the species but he will play when we find the right subject and he finds the right blade.”
He worked hard on making me harder to almost the point of exploding again but I pushed him back taking him off balance and he fell to his side mouth open ready for whatever was next.
“Aww I think you scared him. Don’t worry Dr. Watson. I am sure that your master will do as we ask and you’ll be sucking his cock back at Baker Street in no time,” said the video maker
I so appreciated the comments on the previous chapter. It helps that I now feel I know what direction to take all this.
Delek gestured and three monks entered with razors and shears and they carefully shaving all the hair off my body including my head and my beard.  I didn’t care. I felt warm and safe. There were niggling doubts that surfaced but the voices in the stone told me that I would be fine. I closed my eyes and let the voices wash over me promising me comfort and healing. I could feel Delek run his hands over my body stopping at healed and partially healed part of me. He spent a long time on the bullet wound in my shoulder that had almost taken my life.
“Without Holmes I have no life. I have gone the length and breath of the globe to find him and bring him home. Now I will not be permitted to do ever that?”
Yama whispered in my ear,” Delek has already talked to the boy once before but couldn’t go very far before he shut down. He hopes that if you are here, he can get further.”
“Now for the information I have for you. We are to deliver our wares to the Tiger in Kabul for his Master the Spider.”
He saw what was happening and took the butt of his gun bringing it down on the leather clad head with a resounding thump. Sherlock slumped and was still.
My befuddled brain finally put together what I was hearing. He knew about my position in Sherlock’s life. I looked at him carefully. I could tell that I was looking at a man who at one time had owned a slave. And for the first time in a long time for some strange reason, I felt safe. He understood our relationship and knew what Sherlock meant to me. He had given me an order so I obeyed it.
Sherlock turned to his brother and said very formally, “I apologize for my property’s lack of manners. I will make sure that my slave is reprimanded properly.”
That was a great prize indeed as the days were getting longer and the sun was arriving earlier. We were both very light sleepers.
He thrust himself up as high as he could go and then there was contact. He was pushed back into the sling hard. A tap on his chest informed him not to move.
“If our family rescues us, you win. If we rescue ourselves, I win. However you must help me in our escape.”
Holmes gave a big yawn and rubbed his eyes. Mary and I met each other’s gaze and settled down with one of us on either side of him. The three of us drifted off to sleep not knowing what was to follow.
“Clock is ticking gentlemen,” said Sherlock as he got into the vehicle. Sharky managed to fit in the seat in the back barely.
He took the lead from the man in the middle and gave it a slight tug up. The man stood up gracefully and waited his next command.
He rang a bell and said, “Have Lucus bring Shirley to me and make sure she is dressed in her best. She has company to entertain.”
I complied. Two men in leather hoods came in and put leg irons on me along with manacles on my wrists. The blindfold was put over my eyes and I was quick marched from my cell up two sets of stairs and into a large room.
He laughed, “That may be more complicated that you think. I do not have Sherlock Holmes in my possession nor does anyone else.”
I cut him off, “I know. Intellectually I know why but that doesn’t stop the need or want. Moriarty’s legacy lives in him. They broke him and now I don’t know if he will ever be fixed.”
Toby’s stomach growled and he decided to play along. He was a little surprised that Sherlock didn’t put back on all the stuff he has removed last night and wondered if that was not an opening to escape. The shock through his collar told him otherwise.
Yama said, “All right, let’s go see Delek. John I think you should get something to eat and go back to your room. He’ll be safe with me.”
We finished our food, did our business in the chamber pot, and then settled on the straw mattress curled up with each other for warmth and comfort as we had been doing, according to my father, from practically the day we were born.
John found it strange how attentive the two men were to his every need. They seem to be anticipating what he needed about the time he thought of it.
I sat down and he poured us both a scotch. He handed me a glass and then sat in his chair across from mine.
“Oh don’t be obtuse, you are more than fine with this,” came Sherlock’s voice, “in fact this is what you were born for.”
After about a month, the Baron added new duties which included being his teaching tool for his boys. There were days that I did not want to go on after being used and abused to such an extent. But the thought of getting back to you Watson kept me going on. The Baron always made sure it didn’t go too far where I would be useless the next day but he did stretch the line.
“However I know that you enjoy this so I am going to take it out on Shirley here and you are going to watch.”
“I see any cheating on your part and the cage goes on,” said the Master as he gave his Boy’s balls another tug.
He went in and walked to the counter paying close attention to the people around him. He saw that Sharky and Williams had been seated with a clear view of the place.
The female dressed James stood up and said,” You will forget what you have learned. You will now learn what it truly means to be a slave. Your life is in my hands and I can and will use any means necessary to profit from what I own.”
Delek motioned for me to join him, “John is here Sherlock. Your faithful servant has moved heaven and earth to find you. Now I need you to see him.”
Part of why this is so hard for me is that my beta reader passed away due to COVID 19 which was one hell of a blow to me. So I am looking for another beta if anyone is interested.
“Not enough time. Now you are going to place your menu over the envelope and my associate is going to bring you bread.”
“Good man. Sherlock was most worried about your wellbeing.” He paused and weight his next words carefully, “He loves you John. He wanted to make sure that I told you that. And that you adore him is a good thing in my book.”
“You know I take no pleasure in this in the least,” said John, “Your brother may be another matter. He likes to watch apparently.”
“I want you to name them William and James. You will know which needs what name when you see them. That’s my wish John. Promise me.”
I waited and listened to what was going on around me. The silence was deafening. I could hear on occasion the sound of footsteps or the slap of a whip or the cry of pain and anguish.
I did as I had been ordered and carefully packed the trunk that held all her toiletries. I had gone through the bathroom a second time and found a small vial that I missed before. I found a place for it and closed the trunk.
He lets the audience see his hard cock now free from restraint bouncing proudly. He sees a number men lick their lips and even more adjust themselves.
“I have several that I could state but John you really don’t need me to tell you what might happen. You have delivered a number of babies in your time.”
Three days later he could feel his mind clearing finally. He looked at his swollen belly and felt Sherlock’s cock still in his ass. He could hear that light wheeze that informed him that Sherlock was deep asleep.
She stood up and walked over to me and pushed her fingers into the scar of the bullet wound, “You happened Dr. Watson and I plan to kill you slowly for what you have done. You know the saying a life for a life. You did kill James Moriarty. You shot him in the neck and he bled out before anything could be done. You injured my poor Sebastian and cause him much pain. I plan to do the same to you.”
His brain put the sound together rather quickly since he had been on the other side of this scenario more than once.
They unstrapped my right arm. I desperately tried to get it to move or even get a finger to move but nothing.
He had picked up a second towel in the main room, which he dropped carefully on the stone floor in front of him. He pointed to the space where the towel was.
Sherlock draped himself over the horse and was quickly cuffed and attached to the horse with a leather strap fastened across the horse and his kidneys leaving him next to no wiggle room. That it was carefully placed over the kidneys concerned him more.
I saw that his shoulders were shaking. I checked his fingers, which he had done some damage to by playing for so long. His face was wetter than mine with tears still rolling down his cheeks.
He ate the rest of his food and declared that he was tired. I helped him settle back into the bed and he slept for the first time unrestrained.
“Gentlemen, please leave. You are agitating him. Bring some food and put it outside the door. No one is to enter until I allow it.”
After that Zaram came up with the perfect solution, we drugged him. We had all the opiates at our disposal, why not use them.
Greg went to talk only to find that his mouth was covered with a muzzle and he had a bit gag in his teeth.
“He’s part of Nicholas’ entourage. His absence will be noticed immediately. Apparently Nicholas thinks the world of his English physician.”
“You will learn how to be the best pet you can possibly be. You are to longer consider to be human. If you do well, you get rewards but screw up and you will be punished in ways you can’t even imagine.”
I didn’t feel him reach around and release the leather ring but the minute he did I came harder than I thought I could come. The world with light and pleasure and all good things to me. I felt him release his issue inside me. He caught me as I collapsed because my legs could no longer support me. He quickly undid the ties that bound me to the bed and helped me to lay down.
Which turned out not to be much except that the stableman who was missing had been a replacement for another slave that had to be replaced at the last minute due to an accident that had crippled him. Everyone had nice things to say about William and James. The Math Professor was considered a bit of a strange bird but really good with his job and totally devoted to his students.
He reached around and grabbed my ass while pressing his body against me. He wiggled a finger under the strap and felt the plug that had been inserted in my ass.
Delek kept his voice in the tone that he had been talking to Holmes who was practically asleep in his lap.
I met the Baron the first time when he used a single tail whip on me as a lesson for their clients. He was almost clinical about how he presented his skill. I was then used for test practice by the people who wanted to try to match his abilities.
I grinned what I thought was a devilish grin at her and said, “You rather took care of that last night.”
“No more than what we agreed to. I’ll be Uncle John to them. They will never know their real parentage.”
“Please help me. Make it stop.” John felt his rational brain receding while his body seemed to be made of flame and pain and he knew the only relief he was going to get was from Sherlock.
I hadn’t realized that he had stopped until he untied my hands and removed the blindfold. He helped me up and sat me on the bed and made me drink some water.
Before me I saw Moran alive. But not Moran the way I last saw him. This looked like a crooked version of him. His body was twisted as if the bones had been broken and not reset correctly. He took his cane and, with some items pulled from his pockets, he assembled a gun that he took aim and shot at the figure of Holmes across the way.
“Mary and you can raise the children John. I would not interfere with that but there will come a point where if it becomes apparent that one of those children is Sherlock’s issue…”
“Know that I can do that over and over. I am a doctor. I know how to inflict pain that will not kill you but make you wish I had. And I can heal you and start all over again. I am sure Sebastian told you what I did to him and I was being kind.”
My shoulders ached from being pulled to the point that I was almost hanging by my wrists alone. I quickly got my feet under me trying to take the pressure off my arms. My back and buttocks protested as I could feel every stripe of the beating I had endured.
I have to say I didn’t see the men step out of the shadow. William did and tried to defend us. But they were grown men and they threatened the life of the lad who brought us the note. In short order we found ourselves with bags over our heads and frog marched to a waiting horse cart on the outside of the college. I heard a glass bottle open and shortly found a cloth stinking of ether being placed over my nose and mouth through the bag. I let the drug wash over me hoping that William sorted out what was happening.
It was a miserable month while my body worked through the drugs that they had put into my system. The Baron would come by on occasion to just watch me writhe on my cot as my body went through withdrawal. I pleaded and begged for the drugs or for anything that would stop the pain coursing through my veins. Eventually I could feel my mind coming back to me and I felt like myself.
“You are going to help me,” came a voice behind me. I turned to see the oldest man I had ever seen in my life. Wizen with age but still very much alive. His eyes were that of a young man.
When one of the hands touched his balls he almost came. But he managed to get himself under control. He remembered the rule ‘You cum, we stop’. And stopping would be bad at this point.
“Take the hoods off,” said john, “let’s spell out what is about to happen to them and the consequences if they do not comply.”
Toby got up on all fours and went over to Basil who started sniffing around Toby so Toby decided to follow Basil’s lead and sniff back.
Sherlock thought for a moment, “I think there will be a better chance for me to see something there than here. How many ‘clients’ have been through here since John left?”
I took a knife and cut the laces to the hood that was over his face. When I pulled it away, I saw his face without any makeup. With his hair tied back, he looked like my Sherlock. I removed the gag and the plugs that were in his ears. I was about to tend to the rest of him when his eyes opened.
The two boys scampered away from the door and back to the straw pallet on the floor against the cold stone wall of the basement. They waited for the door to open but the footsteps walked by the door.
I was given robes like the other monks to wear and led to a room that looked very European. There was a large desk and a number of over stuffed armchairs around a very large fireplace. There was a large set of bookshelves with lots of books on various subjects in various languages.
Instead I found myself falling to my knees sobbing like a child. Mary joined me on the floor and took me into her arms. She held me and comforted me as I poured out all my angry and fear and sadness and my frustration. I was so frustrated that no one could see what I could see as to how bad this could get.
As I fell into the arms of Morpheus, I heard him say,“Watson, I thank you for reminding me why I will never let you go.”
As he felt himself being pulled under he heard Sherlock say, “I do love you brother mine, but you can be such an idiot.”
We supped in silence with my mind going all sorts of places trying to get a handle on how to do what I needed to do and how to get Holmes to agree to do what he needed to do. He was not the pliable sort.
“Blindfolds off” and we complied. I blinked rather owlishly as the room was filled with bright sunlight and I had spent quite a bit of time in the dark. I finally was able to focus on the room, which was a large room with very little furniture. The floor had an intricate wooden design worked into it. The walls were stone covered with tapestries showing scenes of medieval hunting of boar. The windows covered much of one wall to our right. We were facing a large fireplace in which there was a roaring fire. On either side of the fireplace were two very old overstuffed chairs. The same person seemed to be sitting in both chairs at the same time. The only difference was that one version was dressed as a male and the other as a female. Standing in front of the fireplace was Moran with a small table next to him on which was a stack of paper.
He then sat on the bench and pulled me into his arms. This time with such tenderness I found myself crying again.
There was some aspirin and a glass of water on his desk in front of him along with another thumb drive in his computer with a note taped to the screen of the laptop that said ‘Play Me’.
“Can you promise me that? Can you swear to me that I will be serving my Master again? That I won’t find myself right back where I was all those years ago?”
The rest of the estate was taken care of by tenants that had been part of this land since they were freed from being serfs. They had been informed to give the Manor a wide berth. This was not an unusual command as Mycroft used the Manor for meetings that had to be very much away from prying eyes. The village was very loyal to the Holmes family. They were well paid for their service to the family and their ability to keep quiet. The Holmes’ had paid for the school in the village and made generous donations that helped everyone who lived there. Outsiders were looked on with great suspicion unless they were introduced by the Holmes family.
At the sight of John restrained on the bed, Greg tried to pounce but found himself pulled short by the leash attached to his collar.
I went home to find Mary drinking her tea. The maid brought me mine and I sat down across from Mary.
Holmes had serious trepidation of leaving the monastery until Delek was sure he was not a danger to me or anyone else.
“You know better. Now come on over and meet your new playmate. Toby this is my pet and best boy Basil. He is a celebrated pit fighter. Basil this is Toby who is Sherlock’s new pet so be polite.”
I did as ordered and then heard the sound of a thin cane being whipped through the air a couple of time before I felt the first blow on my buttocks.
“Since I found you? Almost two weeks. We were in Verkhoyansk for about a week before we could move on with the tour to here.”
John snapped his fingers and Mycroft watched as Jim crawled over to him on all fours and then knelt up looking at John with adoration that would done a Saint proud.
When Toby got a good look at the dungeon set up within he balked and started pulling on the leash. A quick shock got him moving forward and into the room.
We exited out of the compound through a secret door in the garden that lead to an alley were Pason and Ali, servant to the Mawab and head of his security, waited for us. I mounted Lucy and Zaram put the body in front of me.
Yama tried to help Sherlock to his feet but Sherlock said, “Pets stay on the floor. Mustn’t pretend to be better than I am. I am nothing but what Master wants me to be.”
My mind hurt from all the thoughts swirling around it. If I were home, I would make an appointment with Mycroft to restore quiet order in my head. But here I was on my own.
He got another pair of noise cancelling headphones and placed him on his Tiger’s head turning on the white noise so his sense of hearing was gone. He moved the bench back from the cross.
That was the turning point for both of us. I started to heal from my injuries. And Holmes healed from his both body and soul.
“These are your owners James Moriarty. They are your Lord and Master. You have signed contracts to this effect.” He placed his hand on the stack of papers next to him.
I went into his arms and lay there until I knew he was deeply asleep. I then slipped out and went into the night to the rock garden and sat and thought over all that had happened that day.
I took the anger I felt as I finally had a name to attach to my pain and pulled it in to myself and turned the hot rage into cool resolve that I would be the one to put a bullet in the head of Moran.
As I ate, she outlined her ideas for readying Holmes for this insane mission he was on. I gave her some ideas of my own and by the end of breakfast we had a plan that just might work. Our only unknown was Holmes’ temperament to the plan itself which could be capricious at times.
“No, no, no,” he tried to pull away but I held onto him, “Not clever. Never clever. Clever is pain and want. I am to be punished if I try to be clever.”
I started my search in Italy at the very same villa were the Marketplace owners, the Medici who were descendants of the great Lorenzo de’Medici of Florence, had been found murdered. Mycroft had bought the place for a steal and sealed it so that any clues to be found would be there.
Sherlock took Toby up to the kitchen and put milk on the bran cereal that was in the bowl. He put it on the floor and said, “This might be all you are getting today so I suggest you eat up.”
“Inspector Lestrade, I am glad to find you here but shouldn’t you be dealing with the body across the street. It is apparent to anyone that has eyes that he was responsible for the attack on Sherlock Holmes this evening and there was a fight that lead to his demise. No honor among assassins apparently.” He flit his hand dismissively.
I smiled and wiped my hand on the bedclothes. Then snuggled in with my Master who put his arm around me and whispered, “A treasure indeed.”
She proceeded to press first one of her gloved finger into his ass quickly followed by another one. Holmes tried to relax against the intrusion as he had prepared him for this possible activity.
Sherlock looked back at the photo, “72 acres of land to cover. Wiggins you get the search parties set up. I will get to the meet. Call me the minute you have him and tell me the condition he is in. Williams and Sharky, you are with me.”
The fingers withdrew and was quickly replaced with the warm solid feeling of a cock being inserted into him. As it quickly sank into him, he felt the breath pushed out of him. He steeled himself and relaxed at the same time. The cock went in to almost out slowly at first but picking up speed and vigor. He could feel the hips of the other slam into his thighs. He could feel the swing moving back and forth.
I got up and walked to the hot room. Holmes followed. We didn’t say much at that point. I tried to find a way to express what the anger I was feeling. He had asked me to do this. He had given me this task. If he would not let me take the lead in this, what was the point.
“I am going to remove my hand from your mouth. If you scream, I will snap your neck. Now nod if you understand.”
Considering how much the men I was with had to drink, I was not worried about being discovered causally.
I looked into her eyes no his eyes because on the floor in front of me was what was left of my Master Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock was grateful that there was nobody else living or dead with him and that there was a blanket padding the floor.
“You know the Irregulars will do all we can. We love John. He saved most of us and we owe him our lives.”
“Ppppplease don’t hurt me,” he stammered deciding on giving them the harmless Dr. Watson that he had made sure to write. People were underestimating him before Sherlock now it was so much easier.
He cleared his throat and said louder but still like he was whispering to me, “I hope father rescues us soon. I am starting to feel the damp in my lungs.”
It was only when a small woman accompanied by a large man who had obviously been in the military came in that I saw any reaction from Holmes and the only reason I saw that was because I knew him so well. They worked their way around the room looking at each slave until they came to us.
I did as I was ordered and since he hadn’t said anything about getting redressed, I put my under garments and trousers near the front door in case he needed me to go out.
Yama helped me move my hands down to my sides and then to sit carefully on a bench. He handed me some fruit concoction that they drank and I had found tasty. I drank it down.
I was never concerned that he would not be able to learn basic forms that are Marketplace standard. He already had most of this knowledge from his time as an owner.
“Dr. Watson, care to join the conversation, Moran I want him back,” said Moriarty as he choked Shirley on his cock while he came. She tidied him up and knelt next to his chair with eyes on the floor. But I noticed that there were some careful looks at me. Maybe all was not as lost as I thought.
I noticed that he was cataloguing the scars on my frame as well. I felt embarrassed. I hadn’t been eating. The scar on my chest where he had stabbed me was an ugly reminder of what had happened to us.
John raised his head slightly that seem to satisfy his captors. He could hear one moving behind him and then the feeling of cold steel touched his throat.
She took the flogger and removed her fingers from Holmes’ ass. She processed to give him a beating that made my toes curl. Holmes, to his credit, took the punishment with neither a groan or a whimper.
He stood up and hugged me, “You have become like a son to me. I wish you success on your journey but I will miss your comradely and conversation.”
“Close your eyes Mycroft even once and I will add to this,” said John, “The number of times your brother has to suffer is on you now.”
They took my arms and legs and tied me down to the stone. I could hear a humming in my head but it was comforting.
I took his other hand and put it on my heart, “But I am still here. My heart beats for you Master and only you. We will see our sons. I have and will morn the loss of Mary in my life but there is nothing to say that she would not have died anyway in childbirth besides she would have gone off to India with her mistress leaving me as alone as I was after she died. You were stupid and headstrong for going through with this mad plan but you are here with me.”
I found myself looking into the green eyes of Delek. His gaze seemed to fix me in place like a bug pinned to a card.
They darkened the room before restoring his sight. I went elsewhere for that at Yama’s suggestion. He had a monk named Rinchen take me for a walk around the temple. The air was crisp but not cold and was rather invigorating. I found myself in a rather beautiful but spare garden. I sat down on a stone and took stock of what had happened and what needed to happen next.
He looked up from the newspaper he was read. He reached forward and grabbed me by the collar. He pulled me in for a kiss that turned into a serious snog.
In short order I had what I asked for. I tied Sherlock to one of the horses and put Moriarty in front of me on Lucy.
The only light in my life was my son who Mycroft encouraged me to be with. James was a very serious little boy who reminded me so much of my younger self it was uncanny.
“We are starting with the studded gloves. Usually I would warm up with my hand but since my pet is being punished, he gets no chance to adjust.”
“Finish up your breakfast John and nice to have you back.” She gave me a rather motherly kiss on the head.
“How? How can you just do this Watson? It goes against every fiber in my being to do things that are senseless.”
He grabbed my collar with one hand and forced me down to my knees while undoing his trouser fly with his other hand. He fumbled and pulled out his prick which was at half mast. He started to choke me trying to get me to open my mouth.
The male dressed James stood up and said,” Moran, you have your orders. Make sure our…property is instructed correctly for their new duties.”
In the confusion of Moriarty falling off the horse and letting go of Sherlock’s collar, I kept moving. I ran into the cave and un-tethered Lucy and threw my saddle and saddlebags on quickly securing them. I swung up and raced out of the cave. I reached down and grabbed Sherlock, pulled him up onto the horse and left.
Leaving was not as easy as packing my bag and running off to find my Master. I wish it had been but protocols had to be seen to and I needed some people to watch my back.
“Your Master asked me to take care of you Shirley,” He said and offered Sherlock his hand, “And you obey your Master don’t you? You are such a good girl right?”
Shortly some monks entered with a stool and breakfast of fruit and yogurt. They put this within my arms reach so I could feed myself while still holding Holmes.
It was then that John noticed how GOOD Sherlock smelled. It wasn’t the body wash or the scenting. There was something that he had to….
I could see he was trying so hard to figure out what I was going to do next and anticipate my needs.
“You are mine and mine alone. I own you body and soul,” he said, “You will serve me to the best of your abilities in all things and I will take care of you and guide you in this.”
He grins around the intrusion in his mouth. He removed the dildo with a wet pop and goes back to the pole. He attached the dildo by the base to a clever inset slot and goes to his knees in front it.
He wrapped one around his waist, went back into the living room, and looked out the window again to see a number of bodies on the ground and the police with scent masks pulling people into the waiting vans.
Then came word of a slave sale and party that Moriarty was throwing in a weeks time before he left for parts unknown.
John sat on the arm of the chair and pulled Sherlock in for a hug, “There, there. It is over. You survived. Your brother will survive. You have earned his life. And I think he has learned his lesson.”
Somewhere in John’s brain a thought started to form. It was like he just had to think hard and his alphas would obey him. But that can’t be?!?!?
It was a dark and storm night that the twins were born. In fact it was a dark and stormy two days as the twins came into the world
There were apologies that followed and we were whisked away out of the town for a ways to a large foreboding looking manor.
Sherlock was shivering. I kicked myself that I hadn’t grabbed the blanket. I couldn’t light a fire. So I did the only thing I could and wrapped my arms around Sherlock holding him so that my body warmth could help him.
“No. I will not void the contract. You haven’t done anything to cause me to want out from under you.”
He was out with Greg having a pint when he started feeling off. He saw Greg’s eyes flash red and he realized what was happening.
I do plan to get back to my classic Holmes/Watson piece soon but I did find out that the anthology where the first story I wrote in that series will be published later this year. More details when I have them.
Holmes was there in the changing room waiting for me. The bath slaves helped us remove our clothes and wrapped towels around our waists. They knelt in front of us expecting to be used before we entered the warm room. Holmes waved them off and we walked into the warm room. I removed my towel, placed it on the stone bench, and sat down. Holmes did the same.
I opened my mouth but Yama gestured to stay quiet. We stood and watched as Delek walked around Holmes several times. He clapped his hands together and several monks appeared. He spoke to them. They untied Holmes and put him on a stretcher they had brought it. They left the room as silently as they came in.
“Come on,” said John tugging on the leash. They went back to the elevator and to the yard in the back.
They looked at one or two other slaves and then left for the lounge where the auction was to be held.
“They told me that if I did as I was told, the pain would go away. I pleaded with them whatever they wanted. I pleaded for them to kill me rather than go through my ‘lessons’ again.”
They perused the envelope for a few more minutes before Sherlock handed it over to Mycroft with his jack knife.
I felt the cool touch of my Master on my face, “Oh Watson, how I have used you badly. I hope some day you can forgive me.”
“Now John my ass you tit. I told you. I TOLD you that you needed to stay home. But no, the great Sherlock Holmes is beyond all this Alpha/Omega shit. Considering how I got in this state, you might want to choose your next words carefully.”
Sherlock carefully helped John to the floor and bunched John’s jumper under his head. He wrapped his arms and legs around John and sniffed at John’s neck.
John was naked for the most part. There were cuffs around his wrists and ankles and they were connected by carabineers. He had a gag in his mouth. Greg could see the waves coming off his body. John was in heat and this was sending Greg into rut.
I shouted as I was taken down the passage and stopped once we went around the corner. A monk slammed a heavy door with a sound that reverberated through the hallways.
“Am I that horrid?” asked Mary who was lying naked on the large bed with her hands bound above her head.
“Watson, you will do this. You will excel at this and give me the information and training I will need to survive this. Do you understand?”
“And if you think about it when Sherlock gets back there are going to be no eyes looking the direction of a widower who lost his wife in childbirth and mourns them who is sharing rooms with his dear friend will there?”
He placed his hand on my neck and squeezed lightly, “I accept your service. You are my property and mine alone. I will order and you will obey. My will is your will. I promise not to discard you or misuse you for all our days.”
I had to gagged Moriarty after she said something to Sherlock that caused him to fall into a fit. This made feeding both of them a bit of a chore. Eventually I looped a rope around Moriarty’s neck and would strangle her if I thought she was trying to set Sherlock off.
I came to in the bed that Holmes and I had occupied but alone. I found that I could only really open one eye and that not too far. I turned my head and found myself looking at my very distraught Master.
I went through the mental map I made as we walked through the town, “Just past the pub I believe. Small station.”
He turns to his left and sees a group of skinheads and within a mix of German and British men. All shaved heads, all tatted up, and all wearing doc martin boots.
Dmitri, Mycroft’s man, came into my line of sight and said again, “Oh thank G-d! We thought we had lost you to the poison but somehow you are still here.”
I got a length of chain and locked him to the bedpost knowing that he would be off the first moment he got a chance. I put a chamberpot on his side of the bed for his needs and stripped out of my clothes.
The day of the sale we went to the castle where the auction was to take place. The castle was owned by several Marketplace owners and was the training house for most of the slaves to be sold that day.
The two of them growling, rubbing and nipping a bit wrapped and unwrapped themselves around each other.
“When you came into my service, I used certain substances to keep my mind from tearing itself apart. Or so I thought. You became my drug substitute and soothed me when my mind was racing. You and Mycroft worked so hard to get me to see what I was doing to myself and helped me to stop. Now I am again hopelessly addicted and I do not see any way out.”
Once we got to the outskirts of Rampur, I sent Pason to scout out if Moriarty was still in the city.
Toby watched as another man came into view with the same sort of paws, strapping and head as Toby had on. The man went to the middle of the yard and started rolling in the grass and rubbing his body against the lawn.
I placed lunch on the table next to his chair and then knelt in front of him waiting for my next order.
“Ah the Doctor finally returns to us,” said Moriarty, “Good. I was getting tired of playing with these worn out things.” She gestured to Sherlock and Moran.
Seb growled, “Calm down or I will gag you Jim. I have a feeling that Sherlock is not the root cause of this one.”
Sherlock said, “John has been kidnapped by some lower mafia scum due to their screw up. Now I have what they want. But what we want is their ass. I need to find John and these photos are the only clues I have. You will fan out over London and find this grave. Does anyone recognize anything here?”
Music was heard as the doors opened. A minuet was playing and four strapping slaves were carrying a chair on which was lounged a women in a diaphanous gown that covered her from wrist to ankle.
I went the baths to find Holmes waiting for me in the hot room. He looked lean but no longer emaciated. His scars were evident but I did not note any new ones.
“Yes,” I said as I checked over his companion, “His legs are broken. We need straight wood to make splints before we move him any further.”
We went to his bedroom and I removed his clothing and then my own. I took him to bed and reminded him why he is my Master. He fell asleep in my arms and I rapidly followed him.
She pointed to the space in front of her chair, “Shirley, be a good girl and give Mommy a place to put her feet.”
John took Jim’s hair and stroked it lovingly, “See my boy, I told you that Daddy would make it aaaaalll better. The mean old man wouldn’t hurt you anymore.”
“English only you pig. You know the rules and I am not getting tossed out because you can’t follow them.”
A nervous young man came with a basket of bread and a bottle of water. He placed this down carefully while looking furtively at the menu Sherlock placed as instructed.
This chapter has been written and rewritten about eight times. I would get into it and realized it wasn't working so I had to back out and try again. This is where it landed to continue the story.
He decided to try it and thought how sexy it would be to watch his two Alphas wank each other off as they kissed.
He grabbed my chin in his hand and looked into my eyes, “Make Dr. Watson uncomfortable as possible. I am going to get Jim. He’ll want to see that that his trap worked just as he planned.”
I massaged his hands and arms, which had started to cramp. He drifted as I worked and by the time I was done, he was asleep.
I tried to reason with him Watson, I really did but he was having none of it. I must die according to him or I had to kill him. As you can see I am still here so you must know the conclusion.
The young man advanced on me with the bloody knife in his hand, “Now we just need to make it look like Johan lost it and killed father. We get everything. Hold him.”
Seb took a careful look at the corpse, “Nope. Not one of ours although that might be coming shortly.”
I lost three weeks and Holmes had been beside himself the whole time afraid that Moriarty had won and taken those things that were most precious to him, Holmes’ brilliant mind and me.
There was a new note attached with his jackknife awaiting me when I came home but no sign of the man himself.
Sherlock took the packet from his brother, “You know if anything happens to John, there will be consequences for both of us.”
I grew out my beard and hair to the point where I was pulling it back with a hair tie. I used the dark henna trick Mary had taught me to give my hair a brownish/ black tint. My weeks as an invalid had taken any extra weight off my body. I was probably leaner than any other time in my adult life.
I let my beard grow and had Liam carefully shape it for me. I had lost weight after Mary’s death and Sherlock’s loss because I had no interest in eating. Mycroft’s tailor created suits for me that changed the shape of my silhouette so I looked taller. By the time I got to the villa, my mother would have been hard pressed to pick me out of a crowd.
“Turn Around,” I said in a commanding tone and he did as ordered. I took the dagger and cut the lacing from the back and pulled the garment off of him. His hands quickly covered his breasts.
He heard a chuckle in his ear, “No Pet. It’s not mind reading. I know you better than you know yourself. Now get ready and make this good for both of us.”
Seb knew that he was screwed. He didn’t know how but he knew there would be a price paid for his lack of manners.
He looked startled and then composed himself quickly. He looked to Father for guidance but none was to be had since our Father looked stunned that I had asked that question.
He hit the space bar and the video started right up. It was Mycroft strapped to the chair with Jim between his knees. The sounds of Sherlock’s torture in the background and if one looked closely one could see what was happening to Sherlock in a clever reflection.
We were blindfolded again and taken back to our cells of total darkness probably to contemplate our situation.
He went for his Pet next. Leaving the blindfold on, he removed the headphones and the gag from his mouth. He grabbed the lead and tugged gently. His Pet dropped to all fours and followed him around to the other side of the cross. A light tug on the lead and his Pet knelt up and put his hands behind his back.
We met Yama on the way back to our room and he invited me to have tea with Delek and him. We followed Yama to the same study they had taken me to before and in short order I found myself seated with a fine cup of tea with Sherlock kneeling next to me on a cushion that was there when we came in. He looked so grateful for the cushion that I thought he was going to cry.
Seb blushed. John was the only one who could get him to do so as he had pledged his life to his Master and with that total honesty. He couldn’t hide his feelings from John if he tried.
“He won’t” said Delek, “He doesn’t want to cause you more pain. He looks at you and see the hurt and anguish you have been in. He sees the scars you have received in your search for him. He worries about you and your attempts to take your own life. He thinks that if he send you away, then you will kill yourself.”
Yama helped him to remove them without disturbing my poor body too much. There was a very angry stab wound on my chest around the area of the heart. I could smell the end of the infection as Delek cleaned each carefully.
“I am John Watson. I was wounded in the Afghan Campaign. The wound was infected and I had a case of enteric fever, which mustered me out of the army. I am no longer a surgeon but a general practitioner in London. I have a scar where the bullet went through.”
I pass out the beverages while in the presences of Mycroft’s man who was watching me closely. I tapped out what had happened on my tray in Morse code along with Mycroft’s own spin on it which made it look like I had a nervous tick rather than that I was passing on information. I handed him the last glass on my tray and noted that he tapped out acknowledged so I knew that my message has been delivered.
I turned to my right and saw Moran kneeling with his hands behind his back. In front of him were a number of whips and floggers. He was naked from the waist up and had been beaten recently. I could see where the bullet I had hit him with had gone through his shoulder which struck me as a bit ironic because he had shot me in the same shoulder. Only difference was that he was right handed and I was left handed so it was not going to be as much of a problem for him as it had for me.
So what did you think? Am I giving enough info or being too sparse? I have been working on this reveal for a while and I hope it entertained you.
He shook his head. I sighed and got the collar that was on the table and buckled it around his neck.
John grabbed Sherlock’s coat and started snogging him has if his life depended on it. Sherlock quickly got into the kiss and returned it with just as much passion.
“Tonight, you can use your voice for two things. Screaming and apologizing once you can no longer scream.”
“I don’t want to hear it Mycroft. I don’t care. You will leave John alone. You will leave Jim alone. You will turn a blind eye to our activities. I promise that nothing we are doing will affect anything that you are doing or attempting to do. But know this, if you don’t behave, I don’t know if I can stop what might happen to me or to you.”
Mycroft wiped the tears from his face and drank the water. He waved her out of the room and went back to the computer.
“Grab the cuffs with your hands and get your body up against that cross Tiger,” he said as he went to the wall for some lengths of chain. He sorted through them until he found the length he wanted.
“You need to let your pet out of their cage and have them do their busines outside. Then bring Toby in here and give them their breakfast while you eat your own.”
Mycroft slit the envelope open and pulled out a sheet of paper from the envelope. From the paper fell some locks of hair onto the floor.
John came to in the dark. He first felt the mask over his face then that his hands were zip tied across his chest.
“Watson, if I give you the order to shoot, I need you to do so without hesitation. Do you understand?”
Mycroft closed the video and opened the Document which contained pictures of Jim and Sherlock showing the progression of marks on Sherlock matching what he had done to Jim.
William hopped off Mycroft’s lap and came over to me. He offered me his hand quite formally and said, “It is a pleasure to finally meet you Doctor Watson. Our father has read us your adventures with our Uncle Sherlock.”
We awoke in what seemed to be a storage room. The bags had been removed from our heads and we were lying on a pallet stuffed with straw with our hands still tied. I came to before William and proceeded to untie his hands then waiting for him to wake up so he could untie mine.
In the middle of the room what looked like a metal footstool, but the shape was wrong. Toby didn’t have time to figure it out before Sherlock had slapped metal cuffs on his wrists and ankles. He led Toby to the metal object and helped position him. Sherlock adjusted the frame until Toby was centered with his head down and ass up. He hit a button and the metal cuffs locked to the frame. Toby looked confused.
“You asked me to train you. To give you the knowledge you need to survive. She has knowledge I can’t impart to you. I don’t have the equipment.”
He dropped the batons and gathered me up in his arms very roughly and hissed in my ear, “It is over when I say it is over. Get up.”
He lay in the sling catching his breath and waiting for what was next and praying that there will be a next.
“She is not dilated enough to deliver and until she is, those children are stuck. One is pushing against the other. They are not in the right position for an easy birth.”
Not dead. Just kind of brain dead but I have not forgotten about this tale and will continue to tell it.
John groaned at the contact and pulled Sherlock’s coat down over his arms. Sherlock shrugged the rest of the coat off and licked and sucked on John’s neck before taking John’s head in his hands and kissing him hard.
Just as it was about to be too much. He felt the cock twitch and explode within him and he let go right behind that screaming his pleasure for all to hear.
In short time we found ourselves back in Baker Street. I handed off our valises, hats, and coats to Harold who was Mrs. Hudson’s new boy. Holmes ran up to the sitting room and I heard him stop abruptly as he got to the door.
I moved a couple of steps closer and started to stroke my cock. In short order I came all over his face with a lot of my issue going onto his outstretched tongue.
John got out of the car and was tackled by another Alpha who tried to flip John over and rip off his trousers and pants. His hands slapped the pavement and he tried to kick out of it. He felt the woman being picked up off of him.
In front of them tied up very tightly with a gag, hood, and white noise headphones to keep him from hearing what they were talking about was Jim. Seb had placed at fucking machine that was reaming Jim out. He was making such delightful noises as his ass was rhythmically pounded. John had placed a saucer under Jim’s leaking dick to collect any issue that escaped.
“No Sherlock. Not at all. It can be overwhelming and better with us than your Master or Mistress,” said Mary as she came into the other side and added her hug to mine.
I heard Yama talking to Holmes about me and my injuries both past and present and what I went through to get to Holmes.
“Very responsive. Oh I could have so much fun with you but I have a party to attend right now. We’ll have to pick up the conversation later. Cage this lost puppy and I’ll put him through his paces.”
Much to my amazement, I received no resistance from Mycroft on my plan. In fact he helped me to get things in order so I could go.
He watched John put on a pair of gloves that had a rough pebbled texture on them. John stroked his face and Sherlock could feel the texture rough against the face.
“You will get these back after your contract is done. Unless you are in public with the Masters or it is needed for the task at hand, you will remain naked. Now I need you to help Winston with packing up the Mistress’ room.”
Memories came to mind of Holmes and his ability to take me to places that I didn’t even know I wanted to go by his hand or the cane or the whip.
Mycroft had insisted in John’s service for the Marketplace practice where slaves were examined by a physician within the Marketplace. It is much easier when the doctor knows why the servant has bruising or other injuries that could be considered either play or discipline but is not abuse. However if the doctor sees signs of abuse, they will report it to the proper authority within the Marketplace. Going to a regular practice might find the police involved in ways that are not wanted.
“The envelope is of good quality but old. There is some yellowing at the corners suggesting it has been stored towards a window with a southern exposure. Probably in a northern climate given the age of the paper,” said Holmes as he turned the envelope over in his hands.
“Aw, don’t worry Sherlock. I am sure we have made our point. He’ll do what we ask from now on, won’t you Mycroft?’”
Contrary to popular believe a masochist does not enjoy all forms of pain. There is the pain we find erotic that can send us sailing on a sea of pleasure. But there is other pain, which is not fun or erotic. There is a world of difference between a fine beating and stubbing ones toes. There is the pain of discipline, which can be pleasurable, but more often than not is teaching. And there is pointless pain. Pain that just hurts and confuses and makes one very pliable.
He came to naked and strapped to a chair looking through the plate glass into the room where Sherlock was tied to a tilt board. Sherlock was blindfolded and he had ear plugs in his ears. He catalogued the injuries he saw and mentally matched them to the ones on Jim’s body. He saw the map of pain that his brother endured for him and he felt tears come to his eyes. He watched his brother breath for a bit when he heard the door behind him open and shut.
As you know Watson, I had become the demonstration slave for Moriarty. If they were going to have someone show how to do a technique, I was their first choice for this duty.
Sherlock tied the leash off to a hook leaving Greg wanting. The smell emanating from John was intoxicating.
One of the men, Anatole I believe, complained about something in Russian only to have his head smacked by Alexi.
I stepped toward the door and he whined but did not move. I quickly opened it and picked up the tray of food. I brought it back in and placed it on the floor.
It was totally by accident that I found buried in the back of a drawer a torn piece of a letter of introduction that had a name on it, Sebastian Moran. This had to be Seb that was at the auction.
“For being such a fool,” he said, “you were right. I was unfit for the role I played and now we are both paying the price for it.”
She held out a hand to me and said, “I am afraid we were never properly introduced, my name is James Moriarty and I have gone to a lot of trouble to get you right where you are slave.”
“We removed all of the metal he was bound with,” said my helper, “We can put it back after he is well if it is needed.”
He attacked and I defended barely. We danced around the practice ring with me on the defensive the entire time. It was not a fair fight since I had worked myself to the point of extreme fatigue but I was holding my own. Until he caught me across the left wrist with a heavy blow causing me to drop the stick I was holding. He followed that with a strike on my right and somehow got a feign in that caused me to lose the stick I was holding with my right hand. Now I was using only my hands and feet to keep him from landing blows. But it was a short fight after that as he got hit after hit on me until I fell to the ground.
How did his master know what he needed to hear? He was of the firm belief that his master was a mind reader.
As the man doubled over, he found himself grabbed by someone else.  He punched him and was about to punch the man who grabbed his hand but he realized it was Greg. He took comfort in the smell of his Alpha.
“And I you John. We do still have about six to seven months before this is happens so let’s make the best and part as friends.”
“The Kitchen sections can yield some lovely implements to use. A wooden spoon can be used for discipline and you have it in arms reach anytime you are in the kitchen. Now you have to be careful again about bruising unless that is what you are going for.”
She grabbed him by the balls and twisted hard. Simion lets out a howl of pain. He tried to pull free of Moran’s grip but his efforts were fore naught.
The man they named Scar because of the scar running from the top of his forehead down past a milky blind eye and his right cheek brought them food twice a day and emptied the bucket that they used as a toilet.
She tried to bring up her right arm with the knife she had in her hand but I pushed my knee into her groin and slapped the knife away. I got cut in my bravado but she no longer had a weapon.
His eyes widened as my signal had been noted but the he nodded and said, “I am sure your Master and Mistress were very sad to have to sell you. I will tell them that I saw you in your new home next time our paths crossed.”
Sherlock had been given a woman’s outfit to wear and I did not protest. Considering the other things that had set him off, I had a bad feeling that male clothing on him would do so.
I found myself confronted with each of Holmes’ pieces as they all stabbed me with knives over and over.
I was roughly grabbed and not given any chance to get my feet under me so I was dragged up the stairs and through the castle to a very large room with a chair firmly attached to the floor with straps attached at various places. I was pushed into the chair and strapped down firmly with my head being strapped to the chair as well.
We hid in a cave that had a pool of fresh water in it. Pason and Zaram used brush and bushes to hid where we were. There was enough room for the horses who needed to be taken care of. Pason went to take care of the horses while Zaram helped me get Holmes off of Lucy and stretched out on a bedroll covered by the blanket we had wrapped Holmes in.
“I know. If I do die, let father and mother know that I love them.” He coughed a few times to make his point.
There was a scar across the knuckles of the hand that was very distinctive. I knew that scar all too well having stitched it up and kissed it so many times in the past.
John dropped to his knees and started licking the head. Sherlock pulled him up by the hair and said “Now or I swear…”
John gave them a few to adjust to the light in the room as they had been in darkness for close to a month for the most part.
He opened his eyes slowly to find that the room lights were dimmed. He could make out several shapes on the chairs and couches in this suite.
“And I am very grateful for your service Dr. Watson,” said Nicholas stepping into my field of vision.
Seb opened his mouth to protest that it was Jim not him who was so clever but the look he got from John made him shut his mouth fast and listen.
My brother, who has always been a bit of an exhibitionist (‘am not’ was scribbling in the margin), stripped quickly and tossed his clothes over for inspection.
He turned and unwrapped the cloth around his middle and presented me his ass. I could see he was bracing himself for punishment.
I led him into the main room and quickly undressed. He helped me off with the bandages that I was swathed in and carefully traced each mark and bite he had made.
Sherlock looked up at the man who was desperately trying to look like a tough guy and it was obvious that he was anything but.
OH and I almost forgot, the story of how Watson became Sherlock's will be published later this year in Laura Antonio's No Safewords II which is also about Watson's relationship to Barton/
“I know Jimmy, you are a competitor through and through and you don’t quit which is one of the reasons I love you.”
“Settle,” I said and he sat back on his haunches. I could almost see the frustration radiating from his body.
Moriarty left me with a cold sweat rolling down my body. I focused on Moran hoping against hope that my cover was exposed the way I thought it might be. But in my heart of hearts I knew that I had been exposed.
He laughed and helped me up then hugged me so tightly I thought my ribs might crack.  He finally let go and stepped back to look at me.
I hope you enjoy this chapter. There is a lot of information and hints given as to what is going to happen next.
“Not a word. Not an explanation. Not an excuse. This is not the first time you have broken this rule and I thought after your last punishment, you would be more aware.”
I told him about what happened to Mary and our sons. I felt tears coming to my eyes and he held me gently. After I had finished telling him I could feel he was shaking.
He stood up but he kept his back hunched and his left leg canted. I wrapped a towel around his waist and put a robe around me.
I started to feel comfortable in my place with them. It was much like the army in that they treated me as a comrade rather than just a slave. But I knew who I was as did the chief.
I picked him up and took him to the bed and sat him down. I knelt in front of him and discovered that he was crying.
Our father made sure that we had all that we could want but instilled in us a sense of responsibility and appreciation for what we had.
The monk proceeded to tend his back while another monk came in and bowed to the men in the room. He had a bowl of coals and he put it down on the table next to the cot. He carefully turned Sherlock’s head towards the bowl and placed some powered in the brazier. He fanned to the smoke towards Sherlock who seem to relax and fall asleep.
“Look you. We had a deal. I let you do with me what you will even though all I wanted was a cup of tea and to watch the match on the telly. Now you will do as I want.”
“However I know your little mind Boy,” The Master walked over to a series of drawers and opened one pulling out an object that had the Boy groan.
She grabbed my balls and twisted hard. I yelped involuntarily at the painful sensation. Tears flowed from my eyes rather freely.
He left the room and I wondered for a moment if I had seen a ghost or made him up in my mind. The scarf he left behind that smelled of sandalwood and Holmes told me it was no dream.
He stepped back and looked at the lovely picture in front of him. He pulled out his phone and hit the buttons to start up the vibrators. The humming sound grew louder as he upped the speed. All three men in front of him groaned or moaned as the vibrations were taking them apart.
Dislocating his thumbs was not John’s favorite activity. Dislocating someone else’s thumbs was much more fun in his books. He managed to get his wrists free of the zip ties and was about to attack the tape holding his arms and chest to the chair he was sitting in when the light went on in his face.
I continued, “This is the thing I cannot teach you but you must learn to mimic it without any hesitation. I am called to service. I am called to serve you and your whims and moods. I am called to serve you body and soul. This is me to the core.”
That no one came out of the villa the next couple of days was not unusual. It wasn’t until a week passed that the smell alerted people that something was wrong.
He cried out in frustration but the torment continued to beyond where he wanted nothing to ever touch him again. His brain was on overload from the sensation of his nerve endings being hit over and over.
I found myself grabbed by the hair and slammed to the floor. I curled up to avoid the kicks and blows that were raining down on me. I had no idea what was going on or what offence I have given for such treatment.
I could see fear and then his face went blank, “She’s Shirley, Moriarty’s favorite plaything.” His voice was wooden like he was repeating something by rote. What had Moriarty done to him? To both of them to cause such reactions?
I might need a new beta as mine's life has made it hard for them to get things back to me in a timely fashion.
Toby did as he was ordered, and Sherlock managed to get a towel on top of the metal which cut the cold that had been running through his body.
The pounding at the door woke all of us up from a sound sleep. We were pulled from our beds and dragged into the street. Moran was half asleep when he realized what was happening and he came to full wakefulness or as much as his brain would allow because of the drugs we had been using to keep him docile. He started shouting that he was being held against his will and he wanted to press charges for kidnapping and assault.
“Um John?” said Lestrade, “I don’t think it is a good idea for you to be here now.” His stomach was still trying to come up his throat but he could swear his cock never felt this hard. The smell was taking over everything. He looked behind John to see just about everyone in the room gathered at his door just watching the scene in front of him.
I went next to him and knelt on the cushion he had dropped to the floor. I was very grateful for this because the floor was rough oak and very tough on the knees.
Sherlock cleaned all three of them up and made sure that Greg drank a bottle of water as well as John.
The night before we were to leave, I found myself in tied to Holmes’ bed being tormented slowly by my Master. I wanted to touch him but was denied the ability by the ropes and leather that he had used on me. He used my body as his instrument forcing groans and moans and shouts from my lips creating the music between us that only we understood. He fucked me raw and then we fell asleep in each others arms not known that this would be the last time we would be in Baker Street together like this for a very long time.
He crossed to the bed and knelt down so his face was at my level. He took my offered hand and with tears in his eyes, he let out a string of apologies for what had happened.
The servants managed to discover, with a little bit of money to help, quite a bit about the owners of the villa and the strange goings on at the villa. There had been wild parties with lots of food and drink. The orgies were legendary as foreigners came to the villa to partake in forbidden fruit. There were stories about secret rooms with objects of pain and pleasure being used on the flesh. Their hedonism was well know and the gossip of the town but they had money and most of the town’s businesses had depended on them for their income.
John looked at Sherlock and Jim who didn’t seem pleased that Seb was getting all the attention. John smiled and looked at the photos, “Do we have names for these bumblers?”
I raced after him across the rooftops of the village wondering what we would be encountering next and where our boys were.
It took us almost two weeks to get to Rampur. After a day of Moran yelling at us and making noise that could cause us problems with other tribes, I gagged him. That left him with just glaring.
He laughed, “You want my best toy for a used up assassin and some opiates that I could buy from another tribe? Try again.”
I had no idea which direction we were going except away from that mad man. I kept the pace going until I could see that Lucy needed to stop and rest. I was lucky and found a grassy area near a fresh water spring. I took some leather strips out of my bag and tied Sherlock’s wrist and ankle cuffs together. I decided to gag him since I didn’t need a repeat of earlier.
“Only took you about 20 years brother to figure that out,” said Mycroft as he entered the room, “Also I don’t think I am the pickiest one in the family.” Both brothers looked at me.
“Thank you,” he said sounding as grateful as he could. Camera man went to pat him on the shoulder but then thought better of it.
I heard some more people enter and the monk who had been bathing Sherlock went to help. They brought my bed into the room and placed it on the other side of Sherlock making the cell we were in feel smaller.
They retired to the couch Greg on one side and Sherlock on the other. John put on the telly. He snuggled into his two Alphas. He could swear he heard them purring in their chests.
“Well played Dr. Watson,” he said, “Not many can do what you just did. Now what do you want for him and my drugs?”
He went hard and fast and came before I think either of us were ready for him to be done. He collapsed on my back and I held us up with my arms and legs until he moved again.
Toby went limp not wanted to see what might happen if he didn’t. Just when he thought he couldn’t take it anymore. John withdrew the hose and put a butt plug in rather quickly.
“Moran, clean him up a bit. We can’t have him bleeding all over the carpet.” She stroked my face almost lovingly.
That evening we snuck in with the guard that was escorting the Nawab to the party. Once in the guards were shown to the stable where food and drink and entertainment had been set up for them. Zaram and I managed to peel off and change into the guard uniforms that the household was wearing. We walked around the perimeter of the house and found several points that we could use to either enter or exit. We took the path of least resistance and walked into the house through the kitchen.
Sherlock sat in the wing backed chair across from his brothers, “Now we just have to figure out where they are and how we are going to get them back.”
“John you know that she did love you in her own way,” came a quiet voice that was choking back tears.
She went over and grabbed Sherlock’s hair and pulled him to his feet. He swayed a bit but did not move. I could see that his eyes were pinpoints and that there were fresh tracks on his arm.
And John saw stars as he finally had an orgasm. At some point he passed out from all the sensations that were pouring through his body.
He grabbed my hair and proceeded to rape my mouth with his cock. No mercy was given. I tried to breath through my nose and around the hard member going down my throat. It was hard. He seemed to take great glee in choking me until I would show signs of passing out and then he would back off.  This game when on for a while until I heard the command “come!” and he came down my throat. I felt as if I was drowning and the world went dark.
Mary continued to work for her Mistress. There was a lot of work to be done as the house was being packed away or sent to India ahead of them. She had been put in charge of getting the children ready for such a big change in their lives.
Sherlock then gave John one of the finest rogering that Lestrade had ever seen and he had seen a lot of porn in his time.
John grabbed a hose and turned on the water. He adjusted the temperature so it would be comfortable for the pet. Don’t need them to be scared until they need to be scared. He started spraying the water all over Toby who jumped at the initial contact but then calmed down. Then John grabbed a sponge and a bucket with sudsy water and washed Toby down carefully. He had Toby arch up, removed the towel and soaped up his front. He rinsed the soap off then took some shampoo and massaged that into Toby’s short cropped hair.
He laughed a derisive laugh, “I would like to see you try. Jim will have your balls in hand and it won’t be pleasant.”
“What is the treatment? You keep going on about it but I haven’t a clue what you are talking about.”
“Mr. Holmes has outlined your problem to me,” He said while we were served dinner by his slaves, “ We need to ensue our safety and the safety of our property. Now how I can I help?”
“He has some concerns about you and the stress you have been under. Your heart is heavy and you are out of balance.”
Delek motioned to Yama who went to a sideboard and poured me a glass of what appeared to be scotch which I found impossible since these monks neither imbibed in drugs, alcohol nor meat. I had adjusted to my new diet and felt better for it.
John lay there while he heard Sherlock puttering around in the kitchen making, G-d help them all, tea. He pulled at the cuff and knew he was going nowhere until Sherlock let him up.
John was totally knackered. Between fighting the restrains, Sherlock’s insane behavior, and his release by Sherlock, his body wanted, no, demanded sleep. He found himself drifting as Sherlock stroked his body lovingly.
She said, “Moran, take care of this mess,” gesturing to the slaughter house the corridor had become.
Sherlock walked into the building and worked his way to the one door that was not broken off its hinges. He tapped it carefully six times and looked at the hidden camera pointed at the door.
Of course Sherlock walked in at the end of the tirade. He sniffed the air and said,” I assume you already cleared your schedule.”
Sherlock shook his head furiously, “Not that! No! How could you go when you know what you are doing to me.”
“Don’t bother to talk,” said John, “We have paralyzed your vocal cords for now. You are here to listen and understand what your life will be now. Sherlock and Jim are your new owners and they will train you to be good doggies for us. After I think you are ready, you will be returned to here and start earning money for us as pets that we will lend out and you have no say in the matter.”
As I encased my wrists and ankles in the soft leather that had been tempered and stained with sweat, tears, and blood, I could feel my member throbbing as it came to attention.
“Pish-posh,” said Sherlock with a dismissive wave of the hand, “What arrived on your doorstep that has brought you to my home?”
Holmes grabbed my hand and we worked our way back to the rear door of Baker Street. We came into our rooms to find Mrs. Hudson waiting for us. She helped me strip the bloody clothing from Holmes. After cleaning him up, I realized that I had nicked his side with my shot. It was bleeding sluggishly. I cleaned it up and bandaged it. He dressed with alacrity and was seated before the knock on the front door signaling that we had a visitor.
Anatole shrunk back and the next person in line entered her mouth.  But he continues to pull on his cock until he came all over her back. He then picked up a flogger and proceeded to beat her while she was being used.
“John, this is an experiment in biology and I think you like it more than you are willing to admit.”
We left the hotel and went to a country estate somewhere in Austria where I learned what I had gotten myself into and was terrified that I would not be able to get myself out.
He nodded and did as I had asked him to do. I got a basin of water and cleaned his hands examining the blisters that had been created and popped while he had been playing. Nothing was too dire but I bandaged them to be careful.
With the help of Janan’s body slaves, I bandaged up all the wounds that I had inflicted on Moran. Then had the blacksmith forge shackles and chains so he couldn’t run away. We made a travois and attached it to one of the pack horses. I locked him to the sled and wrapped him up and tied him down so he could not even wiggle.
He soundly beat me with his belt while I kept from making a sound or rather tried to. The occasional groan or moan would escape my lips.
Lestrade took a moment or two to collect himself. He pulled out a jar of camphor oil and smelled it trying to clear his head and get his other head to calm down a bit.
I looked at Sherlock who had gone an odd color as the dinner had gone on. I realized that he was in the first stages of withdrawal and I couldn’t let him suffer more than he was.
Mycroft took the package from his assistant and opened it. He pulled the thumb drive out from the envelope. On the drive was written in sharpie “watch me”.  He placed the drive into his secure laptop that had no connection to any form of WiFi, Ether Net, or broadband. This laptop would be trashed after he used it.
Nicholas was going across Russia to see how the trans-Siberian railroad was doing since there were conflicting reports of how much work was actually done.
Sherlock watched as his boys climaxed at the same time. John fell onto Greg’s chest panting. Greg gathered him in his arms and purred in his ear. But John wouldn’t relax until Sherlock joined the pile and two men drifted back to sleep.
He chuckled, “Oh how long I have waited to hear that again. This evening we shall finally finished this awful business. The last of Moriarty’s gang is being rounded up as we speak but there is one that we need to deal with before I can come home. Do you have your pistol here?”
Hassan dropped to the ground in front of me and bowed, “My master’s father offers you an invitation of hospitality at his house.”
John sighed, “I don’t know. I just wish I could get him to play with me rather than him getting so jealous if I want to play with someone else. We could have so much fun together if I could only get him to see that.”
I stood up and said, “What do you mean lost him?” I went to military stance by instinct. My voice was not John Watson the slave but Captain John Watson the soldier.
“I know you have been trying to figure out what to do with our two ‘guests’ especially because both of them are related one way or another to some of your allies in Italy. So killing them outright would be a bad move. Having them vanish won’t help much either because you want to send a message that kidnapping you or Sherlock is a very bad idea without showing your hand to the world or at least the criminal world which would lead to you being attached to all kinds of activities that you have been careful to keep your name off of.”
Yes I am waiting to hear from my beta about the next bit which we are going back and forth on because of adult content and how far is too far. I want you to enjoy this not be reviled by it.
“Count,” I said and he shivered. I couldn’t tell if it was liking or loathing but either way I had to do this task.”
That was our opening because we could get our people on the inside brings goods and the like to the house. Hidal borrowed some slaves from a couple of friends to help serve at the party. The Nawab got his own slaves to serve in their stead.
I nodded and shut my notebook and went to pack. Not even thinking about how we were going to be gone and there at the same time. I figured my Master had a plan and I best to follow his lead.
I looked at my bare feet and remembered how cold it was still outside as winter had not finished with us yet. Plus the door was not only locked but barred hindering our ability to just pick the lock and run.
“True and overall I do not want to remake him. I like my pet very much and we put a lot of effort to get him to this point.”
I stomped my foot as a signal and the monks came in and took me out all the time Holmes pleading with them to leave him alone.
“I never thought I would have a child. It was not in my nature. John you have given me a gift I thought I would never have.”
The next day I found sitting a bit of an adventure but it allowed me to concentrate on what was happening around me.
I fell back into my bed. She tucked me in and kissed me on the forehead.  As I was falling into the arm of Morpheus I heard her say, “We’ll talk tomorrow my dear. I think I know how you can do this and how I can help you.”
Mary and I found ourselves spending more evenings together and discovered that we both had a love of various board games which we played late into the night. I felt closer to her than I had before. If I were free and had more interest in women, I discovered that she would be my perfect partner. I knew she had affection for me as well. We were a splendid example of an arranged marriage that worked.
He looked at me and shrugged. I helped him off of Lucy and then tied his cuffs together so he could not run off.
“Sherlock told me about his training including his overcoming certain…problems in the bedroom arena,” said Mycroft.
As I got to know Moriarty, I thought I understood them. But every time I thought I had things sorted out, they would do something that would have me work through my data again.
Yama put up a hand, “Never mind, I can see it in your face. And if he never beats you again? Can you still call him Master?”
I decided to just sit on the edge of the bed with my legs apart and my hands on my knees. I hoped he would find the visual pleasing.
He wiped his eyes with the back of his hand and got into bed with me. There were some adjustments and then we settled into each other’s arms.
“I have seen this before,” I said, “when I was a surgeon in Afghanistan. A poor boy who witnessed his entire platoon butchered in front of him just stopped seeing. It was a form of shell shock. He didn’t recover. I found out later that he had killed himself shortly after returning home.”
“Ah, that is misfortune indeed,” he said taking a plumb from the bowl, “How did Dr. Watson find out about this transaction.”
“No Mycroft, this just won’t do,” said Holmes, “you are scaring him and we both know what happens when you back Watson into a corner. It doesn’t go well for any of us.”
“To feed my Master the food he likes. That is all. It is helpful that you will be doing the cooking because I have many tasks I have to do each day as his valet. Right now I need to put out his clothes for this evening and set up for his daily shave. Do you have a pitcher I can use to bring some warm water up for that?”
“Unless you need to use the chamber pot, I want you to stay right here,” he said in a very authoritative voice.
I turned to find Moran starting to gather himself. I took the hilt of the dagger and bashed him in the head.
“She’s my wife and my friend. I know it was in name only but over time it has become more than that. I will never forgive myself if I don’t”
We measured out the room by pace and figured out that the hinges on the door where on the outside of it. So the only way out would be to unlock the door.
John woke up still restrained with Sherlock curled up around him. John could feel Sherlock’s slightly hardened dick poking him in the hip. John sighed and wondered if Sherlock was going to let him up at all since yesterday he had almost made it to the front door of the flat.
“What makes you think….” The hard slap across his face stopped him from saying something he would have to pay for.
I awoke in total darkness. I tried to sit up but found that I was strapped to the narrow bed I was on. Panic started to set in. I had been captured and sent to G-d knows where and who.
“Now time is of the essence,” hissed Zaram, “The next patrol will probably be making the rounds soon.”
“Please tell Mr. Holmes that we would love to hear him play again when he is ready. Now finish your drink and go back to your Master.”
“Get them ready tomorrow and we will come pick up Sherlock’s new pet,” said John with a grin that made Seb shiver to his bones.
The hood obscuring my view was removed and I found myself in what look to me to be a medieval torture chamber with various pieces of apparatus that I could only guess the purpose of.
John gestured and Jim Moriarty stepped into view. He was naked and the marks on his body were vivid against his very pale skin.
John leapt onto the bed and started scenting Greg paying attention to his armpits and groin. Greg moaned and thrust in frustration. John growled and Greg stopped moving. Sherlock sat up on the bed observing the two men and stroking his cock.
‘Amateurs’ thought Holmes, “You might get me the object I am seeking” he said smoothly while signaling Sharky that this was one of the men.
Then I thought about it and that last night before Moran had caught up with us. Moriarty had been particularly badly behaved and she had been hitting at me. I remember feeling a sharp pain in my leg at one point but I had put it down to the slap and the stress that leg was undergoing trying to get away from Moran.
‘I am imagining this is you master’ he thought hard hoping that his master would pick up on what he is doing.
The heat of the beating just seemed to make me harder and more frustrated as Holmes would back off right at the moment that I thought I would get my release. He tormented me for quite some time before just stopping.
Longer seemed an eternity but eventually John pulled out the plug and, much to Toby’s shame, everything came out.
I stood up and bowed to the two men then went back to our rooms to find Holmes staring out into the courtyard where arms practice was taking place.
That afternoon we came across an accident with a cart that had tipped over. A young man was trapped under it and his companion was trying to figure out how to get him out safely. The ground was muddy and the road was not in the best of shape. I tied Sherl to the saddle and Lucy to a tree before going to help. His companion, whom I later learned was name Hassan, unhitched the ox that was at the front of the cart and tied it next to Lucy. I helped clear the ground around the young man but could see that if we continued that, the cart was going to crush him. We gather some stone and the like from around us and I took a stout tree limb to make a lever. Hassan pulled the young man out as I held the cart up. Just as Hassan got him free, the limb broke and the cart came crashing down.
I switched to our language that we had invented when we were starting to talk and expanded when we started studying code breaking.
“This is how it is going to be. I will be placing you where I want and giving you each instructions of what you are and aren’t allowed to do.”
Sherlock grinned and released one of the leg restrains. He quickly attached a short chain to it and attached the other end to the other leg restraint before release it so the chain would hobble John. Sherlock did the same with the wrist restraints locking them in front of John. He helped John first to a sitting position and then to stand.
I shrugged the best I could and worked on trying to free myself from the ropes. I almost had it done when we arrived but it was fore naught as we were manhandled back into a sidedoor and into our ‘cell’.
Holmes crawled over to me and placed his head in my lap. I stroked his hair and managed to get him to eat from my hand.
“So you decided to declare both your children?” I asked as a servant handed me a scotch neat and I sat in the chair that Mycroft indicated I should sit in.
Our father seemed to regain his composure and we went off with our nanny having hugged our parents and extracted a promise from Uncle John to return.
“I know you are owned John. It is obvious to anyone who is part of the Marketplace. Mycroft Holmes told me why he put you with my entourage. And you have not only served me but Mother Russia as well.”
Sherlock sighed and picked up the envelope and menu and gave it to the man. He quickly signaled that this was the second guy.
“Friends, I have cleared the rooms so you may have some privacy but if you need anything, there is a small gong in the main room that will summon an attendant.”
It was on a dark night that everything went terribly wrong. I had no inkling that I would find myself having to end the life of another human.
He sat up amazed that he was not restrained until he realized that there was a harness around him that was attached to the wall. He tried to figure a way out of it for a bit and tested the limits all the time muttering to himself. I caught that he was giving himself information to help him remember who he was.
They entered a room at the end which was largest room in the bunker. In it were two small dog cages with the two men who had buried John. They had leather hoods over their heads that were both dog-shaped. Their hands were covered in leather mitts that made it look like they had paws. Their back legs were hobbled with straps which then were attached to a leather harness that covered their torsos. They could not move much at all within the confines they were in. On each cage were the names of the new owners Sherlock and Jim.
“Good boy,” said Sherlock tying off his leash to a bar on one side of the fireplace. Toby notices that there were a series of bars around the fireplace. He had no idea why they would be there.
“First for your medical advice that you gave me that has helped my ‘problem’ and now this. You are a treasure indeed. Your Master must be very proud of you.”
I found myself ushered in to a large ornate room with western style furniture. I noticed there was blood on the floor in the corners that hadn’t been cleaned up yet.
Mycroft found his own hand had unzipped his trousers and pulled himself free of his pants. As he watched John worked Jim to a lather, he stroked himself until he couldn’t take it anymore. He came as he heard Jim come and the video ended.
“It is not unknown that Mycroft is my brother and that he was instrumental in my re-appearance in society. Moriarty’s web was torn asunder but not destroyed entirely and Mycroft’s part in this is rather evident….We need to go back to Baker Street. I need my notes and files.”
I needed to get a message to Mycroft but that is close to impossible since we apparently just missed the last caravan before the snows set in. The next one would come through in the spring.
“Well, well Dr. John Watson as I live and breath. I can take two guesses why you are here and I only really need one. I am looking forward to my second attempt to end your life. I think this one might go a little smoother. However if you had done the manly thing and offed yourself, I would have accepted that as a victory.”
Mycroft seemed to relax as his brother took charge of the situation. And I saw for the first time I saw a look of hope on his haggard face.
I gasped at the damage to his back. The wounds that I had been trying to keep clean were a mess. He had ulcerated skin where the corset had been so tightly cinched. There were burns and cuts all over his legs and torso but not his arms. Those had track marks from the needles that he had been injected with heaven knows what.
He laughed a hardy laugh. It was like water in the desert to my ears. I hadn’t heard that sound from him since before we had started this mad venture.
“I understand Watson and I release you. We will void the contract when we get back to London and you will find someone who can take you in hand the way you deserve.”
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he started toppling backwards but was caught by Yama who helped Sherlock down to the floor without injury.
I found myself on horseback following Holmes across the country following the tracks of the cart that had our two boys.
Mycroft watched Jim’s fearful look become very real. What had John done to him? And could he use it to extract information using it?
Moran pulled out a gun from the holster that was behind his back and shot Harold in the head. Harold was dead before he hit the floor.
“This is not senseless. I learned how to dress my Master in total darkness and I have used this skill. I learned how to be as unobtrusive as possible. To be invisible. Think back on how many times things magically appeared before you asked for them. How I seem to know what you need before you know yourself. Think about Mrs. Hudson and how she is always there with whatever you are looking for. How she seems to appear and vanish with you none the wiser.”
I walked slowly over to him allowing him to hear each footstep as I advanced. His breath quickened with each step.
Seb dropped Sharky and Williams off in front of the place. Sherlock kept his face hidden from the cameras.
“Oh it is not me who’s a berk John. It’s you. I took a sample of your blood and discovered that you were meant to be an Omega. And given circumstances, I believe you were meant to be MY Omega.”
We heard from the cave entrance, “We know you are there. Come on out and we will make it easy on you. If not I am sure the dogs could use a meal.”
He grabbed my collar and pulled me up to standing to my tip-toes and kissed me rather ferociously. I returned his kiss with the same passion. I could feel my member pulsing between my legs with much interest.
“Strip and leave through the door with the circle on it. Then kneel and present, I will be with you shortly.”
“Sir?” I asked tentatively hoping that I was looking at Sherlock and not one of the other people that seemed to be living in his head.
“Your Master is a very strong man,” said Yama, “Considering the damage to his body, we are both amazed that he is still alive. But then he does have a reason for living.”
I saddled up Lucy and put Holmes in front of me and continued away from where I felt there was danger. If I had known what was awaiting me, I might have just gone back the way I came.
“You listen to me carefully John Watson, slave of Sherlock Holmes, your Master lives. You have a sworn duty to serve him in any manner that he need you to. Right now he needs you to help him find his way back to himself. He needs you to be in charge and looking out for his best interests. He cannot order you to do so but I am on his behalf. You will serve as you have been taught. Apparently you have forgotten this and if you do so again, I will be here to remind you of your obligations. And I ask as a friend, please do not let the situation get this far again.”
He started to squirm under our touch and his member which had been barely at half-mast came to life. I pinched and rolled his nipples in my fingers bring them to points and Holmes to panting. Mary took her hand and tickled his balls and below making sure not to touch his cock.
He started to lick the tip of my penis and quickly I found myself with my cock down his throat as he licked and sucks me. I heard her walked to the corner of the room and pick something up. She went behind me and there was an explosion of pain across my right buttock. I quickly figured out it was a thin cane. He continued to suck and she continued to beat me. My body couldn’t figure out what to do.
He shuttered, “Enough and not enough at the same time. It started out which what seemed to be a normal Marketplace sale but then…”
“For all of it. For not listening to your sage advice at the beginning of this mess. For not being able to get back to you a whole man. For Mary. For our sons who you haven’t had the chance to see grow up. For taking you to the point where you didn’t want to live anymore. All of this is my doing.”
Mycroft and Sherlock worked out the rest of the details of our charade. The role we were to play was ‘Johan’ previous owners who had fallen on hard times so we were selling our best asset.
This will probably be the last chapter until next week due to the fact that I found out that I am going to Awesome Con thanks to a good friend.
The next couple of days we tried to find a way out. We came up with plans and then as quickly discarded them. Out jailor had been warned to keep his distance from us and many times there was a second figure hovering close behind him.
“According to them, I am a madman with delusions of grandeur who tried to upend a secret society of slave owners. And very nearly succeeded until they found me. So again who are you?”
“Only two weeks. Long enough to realize what he was up to and divert his attention from you to me. I did take Mycroft into my confidence and was staying with him.”
“Work,” said William with a moon calf look on his face, “Our Ma and Da got the fever and passed. The local Lord kicked us off the farm and gave it to his folks. So we have been working our way south until we can get to London where we have family.”
Sherlock snapped his fingers and Greg extracted himself from under John. Sherlock pointed to John’s head and then to Greg’s cock.
He let go and shoved Sherlock away, “Now get your shite together because this is a test and you better pass it.”
I am hoping to get this done by the end of the month but no promises. I do pledge that I will be adding to it with a little more consistency trying for at least once a week.
He poured a cup of water from a pitcher on the table next to him. He helped me sit up a bit before putting the cup to my lips. I was shaking from the effort of just sitting up. I tried to drink but only managed really to wet my lips.
Mycroft looked at me with cold distain, “Dr. Watson, I know you heard me correctly and you also know how I feel about repeating myself.”
Then I opened my eyes and found myself looking at a rather lovely fresco of cherubs dancing around. I tried to swallow but it felt like I had ingested the desert down my throat. I tried to move but my limbs felt like lead.
He let me lead him to bed. I sat him on the edge and helped him out of his clothes. I was about to put on his nightshirt when I got a wicked thought.
Three night after the press announced how gravely ill the great detective was, Mycroft came to our flat with two men who were pretty much duplicates of us. It would not have worked if they were seen close up but from a distance they would pass. Holmes and I snuck out with Mycroft and began our journey northward in a carriage that Mycroft owned.
“I am glad that Mycroft managed to talk you out of leave,” said Holmes with a slight smile on his lips.
Yama handed me the glass and said, “Glenlivet. We do keep a store of this for ‘medicinal purposes’ and I think this qualifies.”
She grabbed my hair and hissed in my ear, “Tell Mycroft that his little brother is safe but will only remain there if he backs off. And I strongly suggest you toddle back to England to find yourself a new Master since your present one is in no condition to take care of himself much less you.”
I found myself sitting yet again across from Mycroft in the Diogenes Club. I thanked my lucky stars that I was not kneeling as I would not be responsible for my actions.
The next morning after my wounds had been attended to, we found ourselves out in the garden that I had come to love. Holmes helped me sit on a stone bench and left me there for a moment. He returned with blankets and wrapped me up against the chill in the air. He sat down next to me and we just sat in silence enjoying each other’s presence.
“I will do as ordered,” I said. He was right. I had been on my own for so long hoping to be reunited with Sherlock that I had forgotten my place and my job.
“Hey, hey, hey,” Holmes said in a soft voice and he gathered me in his arms, “it cannot have been that bad.”
He led me to a door which was slightly ajar and led out into a formal garden. He found another gate and we fled into the woods getting as far away as we could from our captors.
“Your Master had been systematically tortured and drugged for who know how long. The body is finally healing but the mind needs the same.”
John was glad because his throat was stinging from all the small cuts that had been inflicted on both sides.
We waited while the cart covered with a tarp went past us. The man driving it did not look familiar.
Ok this is coming together a little faster than I thought and I have had some spare time which I am using to write this.
John sighed and didn’t answer. He knew that answering was not going to help. Sherlock was in a mood and he just had to ride it out and pray that it didn’t go on too long.
They followed Seb inside, to the back of the building, and down the stairs to an underground bunker that the barn had been built on top of.
The Tiger braked entirely too quickly throwing Sherlock to the back of the boot and causing him to hit his head rather hard.
I had resigned myself to never finding that one who would meet and exceed my expectations. I had found ways to take care of my proclivities with next to no muss nor fuss. There were some minor problems and a couple of time that Mycroft did have to clean up my activities but I was useful to him and we are family.
A look of incredulity passed over her face and vanished as quickly as it had arrived, “I understand Sir.”
“No, this is service,” I said firmly not letting go of his hand as I could feel the tension still coursing through him.
Mary was asked about his oral skills and obedience level. Was he good with hair and dressing a lady?
“I apologize Watson. I know what you have done is with my best interests at heart. You were not wrong to involve Mary. I do not think she or her mistress are our problem.”
One of the other monks took my arm and led me to a table then brought me food and made sure that I ate.
“All the materials were bought at the same stationary shop. It was placed here three days ago so they have been planning this for a while.”
Yama joined me. He sat down next to me and pulled me into a hug. I tried to pull away but he just held me and I just broke down. I cried my fears and terrors into his robes. I sobbed my concerns. I blubbered my secrets. I totally broke down.
Holmes pulled two keys out of the envelope and handed me one of them. we unlocked the trunks and found that Mycroft had resupplied us for the journey home. There was clothing of various weights, under garments, a gun for me, medical supplies, money, and carefully packed in Holmes’ trunk was his precious violin.
Greg helped him out of his top and Sherlock placed a hand in John’s crotch just stroking his cock gently and lovingly.
“Did you find out where the party was this time? I need to get my cock into some warm wetness to keep it from freezing off?”
“No,” said Mycroft, “You have to do your duty like you did in Afghanistan and as you do day to day for my brother.”
“Seizure!” I called to Yama and proceeded to get Holmes on his side trying to keep him from damaging himself.
It took me about half an hour to convince him this was not a trick and I was not about to beat the snot out of him for not completing his task.
I put on my Doctor voice, “It’s to be expected considering your past history of use. The cravings never really go away but you find ways of dealing with them. We will get through this together. We have done it before and we will do it again as many times as we need.”
“He killed you Doctor Watson,” he said while pulling back the covers and exposing the bandages that crisscrossed my chest, “He stabbed you to death and then tried garroting you for good measure. He slammed your head into the floor with so much force you were lucky he didn’t dash your brains out….And then he came to his senses, realized what had happened, and got help immediately.”
Two big brutes that were sitting in the back came forward and followed Sherlock as he made his way back to the SUV.
“James is what to you? What was our agreement? What does it say in your contract? What have you sworn and forsworn to do? Where does your allegiance ally?” Mycroft walked towards me and I could see his hand swing back. I braced myself for the strike that I knew would be coming.
‘Quiet!’ came the command in German from a second voice, ‘You do not get to decide what YOU want to do so you can bloody well clean it up for the Master. I will attend to the other two. Get it ready and put it in the blue room.’
I held out for as long as I could but eventually I succumb to the pain and found myself screaming to stop this torture.
As spring came to the mountains, Holmes and I started planning our trip back home. Or rather I was planning and Holmes was coming up with reasons why he couldn’t go back.
So it had something to do with a case that either Sherlock has been called in on or will be called in on. He didn’t know if it could be tied to anything that his group was doing. What he did know is that he had to play the sidekick role to the great Sherlock Holmes like the stories that he had put up on the web log.
“Well maybe we should go have a conversation with Jim to find out what happened to Sherlock Holmes,” I said.
At our Uncle John and Uncle Sherlock’s request, we have recorded what happened to us during our first year at Eton and the adventure we had while there.
He went around and removed the vibrators from both the ass of his Tiger and his Pet. He saw the look that his Boy gave him and pulled out his phone starting up the vibrator in the Boy’s ass with a look at his Boy that would brook no protest.
Mycroft look was very dark, “They know if they do there is no where on this planet they might try to hide that I cannot pull them out of and make them wish the thought of kidnapping my boys ever crossed their minds.”
John sighed and went limp. Better to have Sherlock get over whatever bee was in his bonnet than fight him when he was acting like this.
Rather than going back into the sitting room on the second floor, they went to the first floor and entered a door with the letter C on it.
The group to the right are Russian. Again he gets quick glimpses of tattoos. Nothing as smooth as those on the Japanese. These are harsh and quick markings of men who have spent entirely too much time in prison but not quite enough. The leader of the group has one of the boys grinding on his lap as he watching the show on stage. He’s not going to last much longer.
“I apologize to you both. You gave me something beautiful and I sullied it with my atrocious behavior.”
He grabbed my collar and again tossed me into the cool water of the pool quickly following me into the water.
“That I am a toy with holes to be used. They would strap me to a stand and put a gag in my mouth with a ring that held it open. Then Master would bring in guests to play with me. They used dildos and plugs to open me so I could be fucked. My mouth was used too. Sometimes as the same time. They would use me to put out their cigars. They would choke me until I passed out and then dump cold water on me to bring me back.”
Holmes wanted to play the part but I did not feel he really had a grasp as to the part he would be playing.
I was drifting to sleep when our jailer and caretaker came to get the items we put at the door. He was very careful to check where we were before getting the plates and buckets. William sat up from behind me and looked hard at the man who quickly put in a clean bucket and locked the door.
I stopped in front of him close enough that he could feel the heat radiating off of me onto his sweat coated skin.
John had adjusted to his new lot in life for the most part. That Sherlock continued to tinker with John’s Omega status was annoying to John but considering that he was mated to the mad bastard, he just expressed his feelings loudly and then let it go. The irregular heats were both figuratively and literary a pain in the ass. He felt lucky that he had found a medical practice that was willing to put up with his schedule. They felt lucky because they had an Omega Doctor on the staff which many practices could not say so the number of patients using the clinic increased.
We returned for the Lent half and found that some of the servants had been shuffled around during our absence. We thought nothing of it figuring that some contracts had concluded and others had been bought since most of the servants were owned by Eton College.
I finally was able to focus on the man in front of me. He was seated on a chair wearing a dressing gown and slippers. His hair was tousled.
The train ride was tedious. We passed the time whispering to each other finding out bits and pieces of information. I discovered that three of our number didn’t speak English but fortunately most of us spoke French and German. I was the only one who spoke Russian so I translated for one young man who was very scared. This was his first contract.
I nodded and started to splint the legs having Hassan hold his master down if he came to which he did about half way through the second leg.
I sweated and fumed until my mind couldn’t take it anymore. I left the hot room and plunged into the pool of cool water. I swam for a bit letting my body cool along with my mind before getting a massage and retiring to the cooling room.
I remembered meeting her briefly at some point during my preparing to find my Master. I hadn’t even thought of her looks and mine but he was right that he picked a person that would make James look like his mother.
I escorted him out of the bathhouse. It looked like I was assisting a patient but he was leading me the direction he wanted to go.
It was not an easy two months for any of us. But slowly Holmes learned what he had to learn to survive this idiotic mission.
Dinner was a pleasant affair. The boys quizzed me on my travels and the like. I answered as honestly as I could.
He stood there for a moment and then took his hands and ran them over my face. He smiled, “It is you.”
I watched at Holmes paced the small room we found ourselves in. I could see that his mind was racing through what little we knew.
I pushed air across my vocal cords and croaked out, “No. You can’t. I won’t let you. Contract or no, you own me.”
He tossed me a pair of loose trousers, “Put these on since you will have to go into some public areas today and they don’t care much for naked people running around.”
William put on the clothing they gave us and looked like a gangly scarecrow with his wrists and ankles sticking beyond the cuffs.
He went to his books of cutting he had made from the newspapers and other forms of communiqué. He looked at the dates on each.
I didn’t know if I could trust him so I gave him the bare bones of how we got to his lands. I did not mention the name Moriarty or Moran in the conversation.
“Well,” said William, “we read between the lines of the stories you told us and Uncle John wrote for that magazine.”
“They were abducted by four men in a dog cart. The stable hand saw what was happening and tried to raise the alarm but was killed before he was heard. I am afraid that the boy that they used to lure the boys out of the commons room is either the son of one of the abductors or dead at this point. The longer we sit here, the further our sons are being removed from us. I asked Mycroft to think again about who might want to do him harm or something that would be a detriment to his job….” his voice trailed off.
“THIS IS POINTLESS,” roared Holmes as he started to chuck the shoe that was in his other hand and I stopped him.
John pointed to the floor next to him. Seb’s knees hit the ground before he realized he was doing so.
Lestrade could smell the trouble coming before it came bursting through his door. That sweet yet sour odor which both made his cock hard and his stomach upset. It was that of a bonded Omega in heat. What the every loving an Omega in heat was doing outside their nest was beyond him.
“He scratched you rather deep in some places. No stitches but we erred on the side of caution about possible infection.”
My biggest concern was that he had not said a word. There had been screams and moans that broke my heart. He seemed to have lost language and I wondered what else he had lost.
And just when it might have tipped to a bad place, he stopped and ran his hand over my burning flesh.
“Look give the one that you were going to let live to Sherlock and the other one to Jim. That way if Jim goes overboard then you will just have to ship the body home and say that you had nothing to do with it. Then you can train Sherlock as he trains his new pet. And you can decided if he is going to be able to keep it or put it to use in the stable at the farm.”
“You vanished on us there for a bit. Mr. Holmes said to let you be for a while but today was the deadline before he had to take measures.”
“Please Master, I have been good. Please make the pain stop. I’ve been good. Punish me. Please punish me. Punish me but make the pain in my head stop.”
I launched into the whole tale of what had happened since I last communicated with him. He asked to see the scar from the dagger. I stood up took off my jacket, waistcoat, and shirt. I explained what Moriarty had done to Holmes glossing over some of the more horrific points and why Moriarty had decided to turn Holmes into a weapon.
I sold the house and surgery to Wilson. It was the best solution for my clients and me. They knew Wilson since he was the Doctor who took over when I was off gallivanting with Sherlock or ‘vacationing’ with Mary. Lord Willingham paid me a fair price for the whole thing. Mycroft’s slaves went back to his house as did Lady Forrester’s to hers.
I found myself back in the desert with the heat and my clothes sticking to my body. I saw my first Master get shot over and over again. Each time I was just too late to save him or at least take the bullet for him. Somewhere in this Lord Baron morphed into Holmes and I could do nothing to save him either. I could see Moran take the shot and the body go down hitting the rocks hard. Blood everywhere.
I could feel the tears forming in my eyes and the harder as I tried to fight them back, the more they flowed.
When I asked Moran was he was on about he giggled and said, “That’s what Jim does. Takes lowly caterpillars and turns them into beautiful butterflies.”
“I have to thank your Master for these spices,” she said sniffing the different packets, “I need to figure out how best to use them.”
This chapter was hard to write. I have written and rewritten it about 10 times now. I have no idea how it will be received and I am a little concerned but I started this story and I will finish it.
“Watson, you are my faithful servant,” he said as he curled around me and we both fell into a deep and dreamless sleep.
I awoke with Holmes having pushed me behind him. He was placing his body between me and what he perceived as a danger. He was growling low in his throat.
John smiled a sly smile and removed his last garment leaving the slick  rolling down his thighs. He turned and draped himself over the table, took his hands and spread his ass cheeks giving Lestrade a beautiful view of his gaping hole ready for Sherlock to plow.
I went back to Mary’s room to find that they had cleaned the body up and the room. It looked like she was just asleep Her face looked so peaceful.
I knew I had him as I heard the stifled moan come from his chest. At that point I started to suck him off in earnest. He released into my mouth after grabbing the back of my head choking me on his cock. He held me there to the point where I saw spots in front of my eyes then let go and I fell back on my heels gasping for the air that I had been denied. He fell back on the bed breathing heavily. I made him sit up and put on his nightshirt then tucked him into his bed. I packed up our kits and made sure ever thing was ready for our travels the next day.
The matching grins on their faces chilled me to the core. I could hear a couple of people crying but I kept my focus forward.
Sherlock showed Mycroft the video and then handed him the file that Sherlock found in the morgue. He went into the kitchen and made them tea while Mycroft read and made some phone calls.
Holmes nodded. Loomis doffed his cap and went whistling down the path followed by his large sheepdog Quentin.
I have been in service to Sherlock Holmes for almost 30 years now and he still finds ways to surprise me.
Then all stopped. He was left panting from the exertion. All he could hear was the noise in his ears and the sound of his breathing. He worked on slowing his breath but it was hard.
I said the word “Doctor” in about three different languages until I figured out that Hassan spoke English.
We arrived to find the place aired out and ready for us. We were met by the groundskeeper William Loomis with a basket of baked goods that his lovely wife had made for us. He and the coachman got our luggage inside the cottage.
Toby shook his head no and went over to the back part of yard and peed in the grass trying for a little privacy.
“Ah Watson, what would I do without you?” he said challenging me to answer him. I did not because I knew how this game was played.
“This is a strange turn,” said Yama, “I suggest you go back and be with him. I need to find Delek and tell him about this.”
“An eye for an eye Mycroft,” said John as he pulled Jim into his lap and started to kiss each injury. Jim moaned upon each touch of John’s lips. Mycroft watched as Jim’s lovely slightly curved cock filled out to its full length. John took him in hand and carefully brought him almost to climax but then backed off.
He leans back against the pole and puts one arm above his head. He grabs the pole, takes the dildo and rubs it against his lips.
“As you wish,” I said getting up and going to the bathroom that had been refitted with a large tub and flushing privy among other things.
Moran stood up and limped over to me. Apparently that broken leg was still bothering him. He untied me and put a knife to my throat.
As we started to sweat, I outlined to Holmes the plan that Mary and I came up with. His objections were what I expected.
“Our problem is getting our jailor within striking distance and his shadow out of commission,” said Will, “If we can get our caretaker to send the other man off to get help then we have a chance to get out of here.”
“We have talked about this,” said Yama admonishing Holmes, “You must keep your distance until Delek says otherwise.”
They stopped for a moment to refill the watering can and give Sherlock a moment to breath like he gave Jim a moment to breath and panic about the next move.
I nodded and called for the page to take a note to the Diogenes Club. He returned with the response “Tonight at the club 8 pm. Further instructions when you get here.”
And it went like this for about a week. I grieved for my losses and others took care of me and kept an eye on me.
“Yes, Sir. I will do as you ask. I will train you. I will do all that is in my power to give you the tools to survive this.”
“They tell you things about yourself. Things they want to be true but are false. They tell you over and over and then you hear the whirl and your body explodes in pain as the lighting hits you. And they tell you again before the lighting is released through your body. Until they believe that you believe what you are told or you pass out and cannot be revived, they continue. Afterwards they clean you up since the lighting makes you soil yourself and put you back in your cage. If you are good, you get food and something for the pain.”
I tried to talk but I could not. I smelled the vapor of the poppies and breathed it in sinking into darkness and peace.
For the first time the arrogance in her eyes was replaced with fear. I placed the knife across the palm of her right hand and sliced it open. She screamed behind the gag. I then sewed it up and bandaged it.
“I’m not enjoying this at all Mycroft neither is your brother. Do you remember what you had your goons do next?”
She grabbed a knife from the table and slashed Sherlock across the chest. He screamed and fell to his knees.
John tried to calm down but he was on the brink of both extremely pissed and Horney and he didn't know which would win out.
I came back to find him staring into the fire. I took his hand and unwound him from himself. He followed me rather docilely into the bedroom were I stripped him of his clothing and then did the same for myself. I guided him into the tub and proceeded to bath him. I washed his hair and massaged his scalp. I could feel him relax under my ministrations.
“Look mate, I have to pee. I drank too much tea today and it’s getting to be a little bit of an emergency.”
I was informed that I was to go with them while they restocked their merchandize. We traveled to the south of France to another castle where slaves were bought and sold outside the purview of the Marketplace. Moriarty called it the second hand market.
“I am sorry that this will be our parting of ways John. Remember that if you ever need any of the tribe’s assistance or anyone we are allied with, you just have to show them this dagger.”
After all that, it turned out that the guilty party was a sweet shop that had used bad fruit in its confections. No conspiracy or intentional harm but over ripe fruit. The owner was horrified to learn of what happened and promised to be more vigilant on what he put in his goods.
Tears of anger filed my eyes and threatened to spill over, “All I wanted was to find my Master and bring him home. You shame me with all that I failed to do to protect him.”
“Sherlock,” Molly went over to Sherlock and slapped him soundly across the face. She reached into his shirt and grabbed his collar forcing him to his knees.
I tried to answer but could only carefully nod. My head felt like it might break if I moved it too quickly.
It had been decided that the children would ‘perish’ as well to set up Mycroft’s claim on William. This was not too hard to do since he was presumed married to a lovely young lady who was ‘with child’ that could come any day now. The wife was one of his slaves under permanent contract with the family but she came from the upper class so it didn’t look too suspicious to the outside world.  She served certain "needs" he had as well as playing the good wife.
I heard a growl from behind me and turned in time to see Holmes rushing at me to attack. I tried to defend myself but he quickly over powered me. He clawed and scratched me like an animal then tried to bite my throat, which I managed to defend him from doing so. He grabbed me and I felt my head hit the stone pavement hard and then I felt no more.
Occasionally they would slap the ass in front of them with a riding crop which would, for a brief time, change the sound being emitted from the gagged mouth.
I pulled out my dagger to trim down the branches that Hassan had found. He saw the markings on the dagger and pulled his shirt collar down so I could see the leather band around his neck.
The A/O Interrogation rooms had been set up to seal scent away from the rest of headquarters and had their own ventilation systems. It would be the safest place right now for John to be.
While he was still unconscious, I carefully walked the room we were in. The light came from the hallway under the door but there was no light source within the room.
Sherlock was still for a bit but the feeling became too much and he started to struggle as the water fell onto his face. The sound choking and coughing rang in Mycroft’s ears. Jim whimpered and clutched onto John. John just watched Mycroft as this was all happening.
He pointed at the ground in front of him. I knelt before him. He grabbed my head in his hands and made me look him in the eye.
“Wrists” came the command and I stretched my arms out. Leather encircled my arms and I took comfort in it.
I opened the door and first noticed that the furniture was pushed away from the center of the room. The settee was practically at the door leaving only enough room to open the door.
John had the driver park the car in the garage. This allowed Sherlock to take his pet up in the elevator that was installed there.
She pointed to the other men in the room, “Dress him and get him back to the hotel. Bring me Anatoly, he has a lot to answer for.”
Hope you enjoyed this section. More action adventure is next as Watson flees with Sherlock and his hostage.
I heard the snap of fingers and the chains that held me up were released causing me to crumple to the ground as my legs would not hold me up. I cried out as my abused body hit the stone floor.
“Now,” he said as he stroked Shirley’s hair, “What are we going to do about Moran? I would like all my property back.”
“You are asking me to give you up to God knows what and that Sherlock is very hard to do. I do not and cannot be responsible for the death of my Master. I went through this once and it almost destroyed me. You are asking me to put you heaven knows where in a situation where I can’t help you except to pray for your safe return. I don’t know if I can do this again. It almost killed me last time.”
Moriarty laughed and turned to me after grabbing Sherlock’s collar and pulling him up to kneeling, “You are right, I am going to make you wish you were dead Dr. Watson and then I am going to make you wish it all over again and again. Grab him Moran.”
As to where Holmes was, Moran was steadfast in his belief that he did not know.  He had been sold to a Turkish potentate but had been returned to Moriarty after a bad debt on the Turk’s part but Moran hadn’t seen him since Sherlock had been returned. He swore this up and down no matter how I tried to trick him.
Then I saw the knife in his hand. I shouted warning to the Baron. He turned and his son plunged the knife into his heart. The Baron looked down in surprise and then dropped to the ground.
We found ourselves manacled and paraded through the streets to the jail to await our trial on counts of kidnapping.
She turned to Simion who looked like he was about to wet himself. His cock was still exposed but it had serious shrunk.
“Sorry?” I said. My throat felt thick as I hadn’t said a word in about a week. I had cried, sob and screamed my sadness and rage but no human speech had escaped my lips.
“You have expressed the desire to be slaves. You have all trained for this task and have been deemed worthy by your trainers to be what you want to be.”
Sherlock crouched down to Toby’s eye level and started petting him and ruffling his hair, “You are going to be my good pet. Make me proud and I will give you a treat.”
He learned how to service women sexual and make it feel so good. I had a splendid time of while he ‘practiced’ on me.
Moran looked at Moriarty who nodded. I cut the ropes off the cuffs I had her in and removed the gag.
Sherlock shook his head, “We must save him. Must save him for John. John will save him and we will go away.”
I stood up and placed my hands behind my back. She walked around me examining my throat and the harness around my waist.
Mrs. Hudson had the maid bring us supper. Holmes made me sit on the floor next to him while he fed me more than I had eaten a quite a while. He ate as well.
Zaram popped his head in and said, “We have rounded up the rest. It was ten men total. Not very sporting if you ask me.”
The guests started to file in with their slaves in attendance. They seated themselves and I heard chatter about the hunt and other activities that had happened that day.
He stood up and turned to his right, “Sherlock, why don’t you get kitted up. I will bath your pet and get Toby ready for you.”
I was grabbed and  shoved roughly. I didn’t have time to process where I was before the cold water hit me.
Mrs. Hudson walked into the room with a tea set that she placed on the table in front of Lorna who proceed to serve the room with grace and an authority as mistress of the house.
“We have managed in the past to keep our society secret from all outsiders,” I said, “I can’t believe that this time….”
I didn’t get any further because the moment I said his name, he started to convulse and his eyes rolled up in his head. I held him as the fit went on to keep him from hurting himself. Eventually the tremors slowed down and he seemed to ease into sleep.
Mycroft closed his mouth and nodded with resignation. He sat down in the chair that Sherlock gestured to.
I watched Sherlock dragging his left leg and hunched over follow Yama through a door that I had not been through.
I thought back to the last time I saw James which had been about four months previous due to the cases that Sherlock had taken. We had been very busy and traveling a lot. Now the hug that he gave me made more sense than it did at the time.
The first escape attempt broke Zaram’s arm. I broke Moran’s leg and then strapped it up in a splint.
She got on all fours and crossed to me. She raised one hand not looking at me and placed it on my crotch.
He snorted in derision but watched as I fondled his cock and balls. Slowly I could feel his interest growing as it were. He watched me very closely. I finally got it to a point that I started to use my mouth on his member with kiss, licks, and sucks along with just breathing on it so he could feel the hot moist heat of my mouth.
John sighed a heavy sigh as he remembered going into pre-heat in a bar where, unlike normal behavior, all the Alphas were very interesting in his ass. It has taken Mycroft and his agents to make sure that someone else didn’t mate with him. After a week’s worth of sex that made it hard to sit for another week, Sherlock confessed that he might have accidently changed John’s chemistry again to Mycroft.
The obscene sounds coming from the men just made him harder as he ground himself into his Pet. And finally it became all to much so with a hoarse shout he shot his load into the ass of his Pet who gave a cry as he came in the ass of his Tiger who came as his Boy came down his Tiger’s throat.
There was a knock at the door followed by the door opening. Sebastian and James entered dressed rather well. They sat on the couch.
“I do apologize for the restraints but they were necessary so you would not hurt yourself or others. You were in a bit of a state.”
I was sure that the Nawab caught Mycroft up on what happened in Rampur but after that I had been unable to inform him of anything after that.
I went around to my surgery to find Leslie had keep things in fine condition. Wilson was in my office writing up notes for various cases he had done.
In the dark we whispered to each other. Trying to keep something of ourselves alive but each day became harder and harder. Eventually the whispering stopped for the most part. It was replaced by moans and sounds of pain as we were ‘taught’ our lessons well.
I went back to my saddlebags for my medical kit and noticed that Sherlock had worked almost loose of the saddle I had tied him to.
He went to his bathroom and took a quick shower. Walking into the bedroom he could see all three men ready for him to join them. He worked his way to the middle and cuddled his property and soon all were sound asleep.
I got him up from the bath before it cooled entirely. I wrapped him in soft towels and dried him off.
John got home from work and hung up his jacket on his coat hook. It had been a long day and he was knackered. All he wanted was a cuppa and to put his feet up.
John tried the entire time to get Sherlock to listen to reason. Sherlock was having none of it and John found himself again chained to the bed face down with Sherlock rubbing his alpha cock all over his ass.
William put his finger in his mouth and then pulled it out. He raised the finger into the air and thought for a bit.
I grabbed his arms and forced his hands to his side. I maneuvered him to a chair and made him sit down. I knelt in front of him and made him look me in the eye.
I looked down and saw the dagger at my waist. He was right, I did have the means and the way to get him out.
His clothes started irritating his skin and he could feel his loins stiffen and other things happening to him. He went to the bathroom and sat on the toilet allow his body to evacuate anything there in anticipation of what was about to come. He stepped into the shower and gave himself a quick wash wondering when he would be of the mind to do this again. He cleaned the gravel out of the cuts on his hands and knees where he had been thrown to the ground. He stepped out of the shower to find that the regular towels were replaced with the ones Sherlock used for his heat. He loved those towels.
I quickly got dressed and went to the training room. I stripped myself to the waist and picked up the batons that I used in stick fighting. I started going through the patterns I had learned losing myself into the motion but my mind was still racing. I attacked the practice dummy again and again. I worked myself into a stupor but kept going just trying to get some relief from all that had happened. I was terrified that Holmes would go through with releasing me and that would be the end of me. I didn’t see any other way out other than killing myself and that scared me.
They turned off the light and left him in the pitch black room planning what he was going to do to each other them once he was freed.
“Here he is John,” said an older female voice Toby didn’t recognize, “He was such a good boy too. Took his bath without complaining.”
“Do you have any idea what it has been like for me while you were gone? You left me in London with a note telling me to go to your brother if I had needs that need to be met. My wife died. I was not allowed to go to her burial. I barely got to hold our sons before they were taken from me and given to Mycroft to raise. I tried to kill myself in my despair more than once. Mrs. Hudson managed to stop the most violent attempt and that only by distracting me so the gun discharged into a wall. I came to find you and traveled the world with only rumors and hearsay to know if you were even alive. Then when I found you, you weren’t you. I was beaten, drugged, poisoned, shot and locked up. But I still went forward to find you. And now that I have and you are here in front of me, you want to release me? You want to give up? This is the cowards way out as much as my trying to put a bullet in my head.”
He then unhooked the two men from the chain and forced the Tiger onto all fours. He took the two leads and led the men to the middle of the room. He removed the blindfold and headphones from the men
John wished Sherlock would do something useful right now like clean up the kitchen or the bathroom because this hovering was getting old. He closed his eyes and tried to relax when he heard an odd noise.
He continues to suck on the dildo moving it in and out. He can hear groans from the audience. He lets go of the pole and stands up. He takes the rip cord for his royal purple harem pants and pulls. The gauzy material, which hadn’t really been much over, floats to the floor.
She looked into his eyes for a long time and said, “I think I will have to purchase this one. Make a note for me Seb. I want to make this one mine.”
I laughed a barking laugh, “There’s hope? I have very little at this point. What have I done but put him in a situation that I could have not put him in. I lost him and when I found him again, he was lost. I don’t know if either of us are going to recover from this.”
My name is James Edward  Sherriford Holmes. My slightly older twin brother name is William Basil Jeremy Holmes. We are the sons of Mycroft Holmes and his wife Lorna. Or rather that is how the world sees the two of us. Who we really are is a closely guarded secret that is only known very few people. How we found out is a tale in itself. This very one in fact.
Yama said, “I think Dr. Watson can fill you in on the details of how you got to us. And know that we will help you.”
“I have to be careful about how I lay in with it as I do not want to do permanent damage, but I do want my pet to remember this night every time he sits for the next week or so. You have to be careful about bruising which I will not be since this is punishment.”
I hope you do too. Comments and Kudos are greatly appreciated. I think I am not moving this along at a glacial pace other than my ability to post it in a timely fashion.
He laughed and snapped his fingers. His slaves followed him out of the tent leaving me alone with Moran.
His voice trailed off. I held him close and wept for what he lost. He comforted me as I tried to comfort him and we fell asleep.
He nodded and undid the clasps. He opened the cover reverently and pulled out the violin. He tightened the strings and tuned it. I saw the soft look that came over his face as he got the instrument just so. He placed it on the bed next to him and pulled out the bow and tightened it. I took the case and placed it on the nightstand. He tucked it under his chin and plucked the strings. He looked frighten for a moment before he pulled the bow across the strings. He went through some simple scales all the while adjusting the strings and the bow tension until he had it where he wanted it. He started with a simple tune and, after a few fits and starts, worked his way to the more complex.
I took both of his hands and led him to the bedroom where I laid him down on the bed and proceeded to start with kissing his long fingers and then worked my way through the pattern of scars on his body murmuring words of love and admiration as I did so. He responded with moans and groans of appreciation.
“Yes, I think I might today John. Thank you,” came that voice rumbling in his ear. “And might I say, you smell delicious.”
“Gentleman, this is an extreme spanking demonstration,” said John, “That is why we have the kidney belt in place to keep the subject from moving and possibly doing themselves injury.”
The body moved before the mind could follow. Arms went behind the back and legs spread a little more than shoulder length. He grabbed the Boy’s cock and put the ring around the base threading the balls through with a rough tug.
I smiled and cuddled in to Sherlock knowing that this might be the last time we would be able to be together like this. I didn’t know how wrong and right I would be.
“Normally,” he said after listening to what I said, “I would ransom you to the English but since you have done me a great service, I will let you stay and then continue your journey unharmed. But now I think you both need rest.”
“Here’s your task my Tiger, don’t come and don’t drop your arms. If you drop your arms, you have to pay the forfeit. Feel free to scream as much as you want.”
After I was sated, I followed my next order and went to my room where I found my leather cuffs, my collar, a blindfold, and a leather ring awaiting me.
And we have turned a corner here. Not everything is perfect but we are well on our way to healing these poor boys.
I had him mostly settled when the door opened. Holmes immediately came up and between me and the door.
I looked to Mycroft for guidance and found none. Of course the boys knew that their ‘father’ owned slaves. Neither lad was dim.
“You have had this letter for over a month, why give it to me now? What has changed that you feel that I need to see this?”
Sherlock got up with a sigh, “You will make sure the cameras are off won’t you? Mycroft wouldn’t like it if anything showed up on the Internet.” And he followed John.
Message: Time is running out Mr. Holmes. Your pet is going to be in rather dire straights unless you give us what you want.
“That was some show Sherlock,” said John, “I quite enjoyed it. I want you to tell me everything you learned about the men in the audience. But first you are going to  have to do something about this.” John unzipped his pants and pulled out his rock hard cock.
I felt him release the ropes that held me to the bed. He helped me sit up and sat down next to me. He gave me some water to drink which I expressed my gratitude to him.
I complied with the order. Leather cuffs were put on my ankles. I could feel my member thickening but tried to think it away.
I put his sales collar on with his number in the auction and whispered in his ear, “Come back to me.”
The next morning I sent the mules with Moriarty’s drugs to the compound he was in with a note again offering for a trade Moran for Sherlock.
I took his half hard cock into my mouth and proceeded to fellate him to orgasm in rather short order.
“William was very put out because he was half way through one of his experiments and he had to bin the whole thing,” said Lorna with a light laugh.
“I tracked Moran but always seemed to be a couple of steps behind until we came face to face in Amsterdam. I then led him on a merry chase to London where I knew we would have our final conflict. Which we have now had and you brought to a satisfying conclusion.”
“No Toby, stay down,” said Sherlock moving the control to his pants pocket. He pulled on the leash and pointed to a large pillow in front of the fireplace.
“No, Watson. Get up and sit down. I don’t want your service tonight, I want your love,” he said, “Make love to me John Watson. Make me feel your love for me.”
“He is ready,” I argued, “He has been himself for a while now. The nightmares are few and far between. He has even gone back to being my master.”
Moriarty grabbed my face in both hands and looked at me hard. My ears rang from the slap that was delivered when she was done looking at me.
Then he felt the air differently. He could almost feel a hand above his chest. He thrust his chest up against the restrains that strapped him to the leather sling he was half sitting in. The almost heat vanished.
That afternoon I stripped and my brother wrapped me in the dread wool blankets like a cocoon. Our compromise was creating a breechclout to preserve my genitals from the wool. I unwrapped for dinner and could see the beginnings of the reaction. I used various meditative techniques our uncles had taught us to not focus on the burning itch that was starting to cover my body.
Then I saw something that gave me hope that Sherlock was somewhere still in that brilliant head or it was one hell of a lucky accident.
The journey to Ravensberg was pedestrian. We were housed at the manor of a local Baron that was part of the Marketplace awaiting the day of the sale. Holmes played his part very well and no one seemed the wise as to who Johan was.
“No Sir, I don’t think that there is anything in what has been published to give even a hint of the relationship between Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.”
It was during this time that I first became addicted to the concoction that they pumped into my veins as a reward. They used it to control me better than any restraint or leash could.
He grabbed me by the hair and dragged me to the bench putting my hands on the bench and kicking me to my knees.
My mind was in that dangerous place that I knew too well. I had to do something to release the tension building within me.
I took Sherlock back to our room and got him ready for bed. I went to my bed only to be summoned to my Master’s bed.
He is the subject of a demo. That is why the light was on behind him. To illuminate his rear so people can see what John is doing.
I got off the bed and knelt in front of him. “I live to serve you and only you. You order and I obey. My will and my life are yours to do with as you will. I pledge my servitude to you and you alone.”
“Then we have nothing further to discuss. If you care to make a trade, send a servant to the market and ask if they have the English pears in season.”
“Down Toby, you are only going to make it worse for yourself,” Sherlock grabbed the leash on the floor and slung the duffle bag over one shoulder.
Greg  found himself kissing Sherlock while they spit roasted their Omega. Sherlock came then John came followed quickly by Greg.
“And you as well,” he replied with a ghost of a smile on his face. I could see that both were memorizing the other.
The lack of recognition in his eyes haunted me both awake and asleep. What had been done to him to bring him to that point? And what punishment did he have to endure for my finding Moriarty?
My head spun with the task before me. I had only the barest of ideas on how to start. I had been trained but it was by my freewill that I signed my freedom away to be a slave.
“What did you do?” He shrieked at me. When his voice pitched up, I could see the woman I met before.
John smiled, “I found that funny too. Sherlock had been hovering a lot since I got back. I wish I could get him to think about something or someone else for a while.”
Greg shook his head, “You will have to ask Sherlock. But right now I am fighting hard not to take you into the backseat and have my way with you.”
Winston said with a tremor in his voice, “It was my error Master. I told him to pack the trunk I didn’t inform him to leave it open.”
“Ah good,” said the man in English. If he were not dressed in brown and yellow robes and his skin was much lighter, I might have thought myself back in Oxford or Cambridge.
“Up,” said Moriarty and Sherlock executed the order with precision. Moriarty picked up the nipple clamps and place them and more weights to the clamps.
I followed after him to find Mycroft’s ‘wife’ sitting there waiting for us along with his personal body servant.
I did as ordered and went back to my room. I stripped and curled up next to my Master. He put his arms around me and sighed a happy sigh in his sleep.
“Are you insane?” he yelled, “A dead slave is a useless slave. This one is too important. He is the key.”
He grinned an evil grin and looked at his iPhone. He decided the man on his far right was not uncomfortable enough. He took his finger and up the ‘volume’. The man tried not to groan around his gag.
They went right for his nose with a sharp jab. He heard the crack and could feel the blood pouring down his face and the back of his throat. They did seem to know what they were doing.
“Honored company, I am pleased to be able to show you the techniques that some of us discussed earlier.”
“Holmes, this is different. You did not go out and procure these concoctions, they were forced upon you. And according to Yama after your body becomes stronger, you will be able to stop the drugs they have you on.”
I went back to the changing room and put on my clothes then went home and fell into the best sleep I had in weeks and would have for some time.
I sat down and tucked into one of Mrs. Hudson’s fine meat pies and washed it down with a lovely red wine that had been decanted for me.
It struck me that one of the reasons my offices were so busy and I was doing so well had to do with the absence of my Master. I have a feeling that Mycroft was working behind the scenes keeping me busy so I would not reflect on what I was missing with all my heart.
I joined up with Holmes and we went to have dinner with the college fellows as per the Head Master’s request.
Sherlock took off the t-shirt and track pants he had on, of course with no underwear, and joined John in nudity.
“HOLY MOTHER OF GOD!” yelled our jailor upon seeing me, “Smith, go get the governor and be quick about it.”
“So Moran, we have a number of things to talk about. I would like to start with the topic of where is Moriarty?”
John smiled a quiet smile. He knew this would not last. He had figured it out. He could control his Alphas when he was in heat but he knew things were going to go back to the regular pattern.
He helped me sit up which temporarily made me dizzy but I sorted out quickly. He helped me drink some cool water and I felt it burn down my throat.
Several women came by once and then again examining him and giggling. I did not like that very much but managed to keep my face neutral as I could.
Janan said, “Blindfold, gag, and restrain them. Put them in the horse corral until our business is done here.”
He gave a light tug and the man crawled behind him all the way to the car. He situated the man on the floor of the car and threw a blanket over him.
He stood in front of the frame I had been strapped to and watched my face as I was whipped and manhandled. Apparently there was something in my face that he liked.
William and I looked at each other to figure out what to do. William said to me in our language, “Hug him. Tell him it is all right.”
“Experiment!?!?! Is that all I am to you? A bloody experiment that you can toy with and analyze to death? And believe me when I say this sort of thing could kill me.”
“That cart has a rather distinctive wheel making it stand out a bit from the normal comings and goings. We now know that they took off towards the north and I believe that if we take some horses to the crossroads, we can still find some evidence of the direction that they took.”
Passage of time is difficult at best when you are deprived of your senses. I knew that it had been a while because I could not stop myself from voiding my bladder at one point. I was cold, thirsty and hunger but my mind would give me no peace since I had very little idea what awaited me.
Mycroft handed an envelope to Sherlock, “A new letter. No postmark so hand delivered. Usual threats if I go to the police or the government. But still no real ransom demands just we will be in touch with instructions.”
“Mr. Holmes, I am afraid to inform you that you haven’t been yourself lately and we wish to help you,” said Delek.
Pason took care of making sure that we were ready to flee the minute we got Sherlock back. He took care of the horses and packing. I gave Zaram the Stallion that Moran had been riding as a present and promised Lucy to Pason once the adventure was done.
“That would be the concussion you suffered from the blow to the head. You are very resilient. The number of blows you have taken to the head over time would make most men’s brains mush.”
“But that is the only kindness you will get from me. I debated for a long time what to do with you and your companion while you were buried alive.”
“We took them back to the grave site and put them in coffins just like they did you except they were wearing straightjackets to constrict their movement even more. Nice touch Master. We buried them and then used the knockout gas in the canisters to render them unconscious. The boys then dug them up and took them to the farm. They are safely tucked away in the barn awaiting your pleasure,” said Jim with a maniac grin plastered across his fae.
Sitting in front of me on an overstuffed garish wing back chair was Moriarty. Next to her was Sherlock with a ring gag in his mouth. His legs were lashed together as where his arms behind him. He had to keep his head up because his collar was attached to the rings around his ankles. He was wearing a corset. On his nipples there were two clamps with small weights attached to them. I could see he was struggling to stay up right.
Seb gave a final crack across Jim’s back before sitting down and picking up his scotch glass that had been refilled.
