Tony sighs, walking up the stairs before he turns back to look at Natasha. She’s barely been to visit, probably because of the child in Tony’s hold. Of course, Morgan has no idea the red-haired women further away is her grandmother. What are they going to say?
“Gamora, no,” Nebula breathes out exhausted now that Thanos has let go his hold on her. She barely reacts when Gamora puts her hand onto Nebula’s face. She wants to help her, fix her. Put her back together.
“All right, Stark, we go to him,” he agrees. There’s only a small feeling of victory going through Tony’s mind, though it doesn’t last for too long when Strange continues talking. “But you have to understand; if it comes to saving you, the kid, or the Time Stone? I will not hesitate to let either of you die.”
With the scientist heading towards Bleecker Street, Natasha and Clint head their own way after another quick nod at them. They seem to know exactly where they need to go, which is great. Tony, Steve and Scott are the only ones remaining in the alleyway. Everybody but him seems to be suited up, but he’s got some armor on him.
“And this suit is ridiculously intuitive by the way, so if anything it’s kind of your fault that I’m here.”
And then Loki’s eyes find theirs for a short moment. Not too long, just a few seconds. Not enough for Thanos to think there’s somebody behind him. Yaël is shaking next to her, and Hilde immediately throws her arm over the girl’s shoulder.
There isn’t much out there. It’s exactly how it’s described; A wreckage. Hilde almost literally feels the minutes tick by. There’s no use to call out for anybody since there’s no sound out here.
Besides, Tony’s figure is already covered in so many scars, a few layers of fat won’t change a thing to that.
“Loki, what in Father’s name are you talking about?” he asks, though his voice sounds more like he’s demanding it. He doesn’t sound too amused, clearly not liking the fact that Loki and Yaël know things that he doesn’t. Hilde pretty much shares that feeling.
“Hey!” his Dad calls out to him. When he looks him over, the man seems even younger than he is. Tony sees him point over his shoulder while holding on to a can of what must be beans, and some flowers in his other hand. “The door’s this way, pal.”
Hilde blinks. Words escape her after that. She can’t promise her anything, obviously. But how good would it be if she were to find either Thor or Loki out here? The chances of them being alive aren’t all that big, but if the explosion didn’t get to them, they might actually have a chance.
The thing is still going up. The sky above them is no longer looking the usual blue, instead turning into a darker color. And Peter’s still up there.
Right when she’s preparing herself for another round is when the Avengers decide to show up. And she feels like crying on the spot. Not only out of relief that there’s reinforcement, but also because it means Wanda can catch her breath for a short moment.
“Because you still owe me a dance,” he tries. And Peggy’s conflicted face, though initially sad, brightens a bit as she eventually laughs as well. Then she looks down, shaking her head.
No, it’s been enough. It’s time to continue. So Steve calls up Sam, asking him to come over to the lakehouse – where they’ve been residing for the past two weeks or so. Peter’s back to school and Morgan, too, has started classes again.
“Oh, shit,” Hilde mutters out soundlessly. She lets herself be thrusted forward and grabs on to the unconscious figure of Loki, hovering between the broken pieces of the ship. Quickly, she reaches for his neck, or his wrist. Anything that might indicate that he’s alive.
By the time she’s finished Coulson leans towards the table, pressing onto a button of a device Hilde hadn’t even seen before. It looks like some primitive recording machine.
“Clearly, you weren’t actually born here, right?” asks Tony after they’ve been walking together in silence. Steve is in military uniform, while Tony’s wearing a suit and his glasses.
“We’ll try evac,” she says, feeling like she’s the one who needs to take control of the situation if these people can’t get their priorities in order. “Now come on, get into action.”
“Not much longer,” Hilde assures her. They’ve made one or two jumps, but she hasn’t dared to do more of them with the whole pregnancy-situation. It’s good that she was there to explain the whole concept of it to Stark when he asked about it, because escape pods initially aren’t equipped with this sort of thing.
Hilde knows who she means. The woman is looking over at her son, whose eyes are stuck on the TV screen in fascination. The child doesn’t even hear them talking, so entranced by the two bears talking to one another.
Oh, he’s being funny now, is he? Tony reaches out for him and takes Steve’s hand into his own. He knows that Steve is the one who brought Nat and Scott to him, but he also knows that he’s not going to push him into doing something he doesn’t want.
,” says FRIDAY before he can even think of it. Tony’s eyes widen, and his mouth falls open, which makes him drop the candy he’d been chewing on. He can see it right in front of him; 99,987% successful. That’s never happened before, has it?
Steve thinks it over. Clearly, he doesn’t seem to be too excited about that idea. “When were they both there?”
But Tony shrugs at that. “I don’t much care at this point.” Give it a little time. The other ones that have gone missing… they’ll find their way back, right? Eventually?
It needs to stop now, but she’s not that powerful. She doesn’t think she is. Wanda thinks she’s pretty much gained control of her powers, but she’s sure that there’s more for her to discover.
“Something wrong?” Sam asks. Of course he’s worried about why Steve would invite him here without any explanation. Steve didn’t really bother not trying to sound like everything was just fine.
Yaël sighs and moves aside, grunting a bit when she sits down on the passenger seat of the pod. She keep a hand on her belly, gazing outside with dark, brown eyes. She’s quiet, for once. Hilde wonders if the rest of the Avengers are still discussing their plan inside the compound.
“He went to a place called Nidavide with two of our companions. He wished us morons good luck, too,” he explains. Tony lifts an eyebrow as he faces the man; morons? At least he has some sort of self-awareness.
Pepper takes a step forward, untying Tony’s hoodie he hung over his shoulders and then pointing at the middle of his chest.
“Somebody get to Vision!” he calls through the comms, but when Thor gives him a look, the God of Thunder merely shrugs. He has no idea where they are.
“Gotta go,” Steve tells him. He moves into a sprint to join in on the action, and before Peter can say anything else, he’s faced with another Chitauri monster. Letting out an angry shout, Peter shoots his webs at the thing and swings it around and around until he finally releases it. The body disappears in the distance, giving Peter the chance once again to make sure his parents are alright.
“Hey, Peter Parker,” she returns. Her voice sounds pleasant. She must be one of the good guys. That’s great. “You got something for me?”
“That bastard,” she mutters, speaking in the same accent Thor did. “I can’t believe he got the best of me like that.”
He would love to be there during their childhood, be the father he hadn’t been able to be to Peter due to the lack of knowing he even existed.
“Right!” Thor is pulled back out of his sad thoughts as he turns back to the screen, where now an image of Jane Foster is shown, fully dressed as the current Queen of Asgard. Thor’s gaze lingers on her for a little bit. “It’s been vague, most of it. The dark Elves managed to get it out of her, but with it they… did some crazy stuff to reality. It was one of the weirdest fights in my life.”
The woman smiles sadly and puts a hand against her chest. “I’m Helen Cho. I’m a doctor, and it’s my specialty to heal wounds like those.”
T’Challa and Okoye move out with the message that they’ll hold them off. Along with the guards, they exit the room and head outside. Steve looks over at Wanda, who’s large eyes look even bigger staring at the scene unfolding in front of them. It seems like she’s uncertain whether she should help outside, or if she should stay here with Vision.
“I just want my son back,” he cries out before he realizes it. He can feel Steve’s breath shivering before he’s being held as well. “I held him in my arms. He was crying for me. Crying for help. And I couldn’t help him.”
But then there’s a moment of distraction. She feels a hand touch her sleeve, pulling at it to get her attention. When she turns around, she finds Vision, looking up at her with a scared look in his eyes. Scared and sad.
When she sees that there’s nobody around, she lowers her hands, loosens the fists and turns to Yaël. There she notices the panicked look she’s expressing.
“We’ll take care of him. And Morgan. They’ll be fine, I promise you.” Pepper bites her lower lip and turns her head upon hearing one other presence. Noticing who it is, she squeezes Tony’s hand once and gets back on her feet.
Oh, he likes trying out new stuff on bad guys. It doesn’t take too long to throw Big onto Skinny, though the latter just simply swings his right hand to the side and barely avoids him with some weird telekinesis-shit.
“With me, it’s like I can’t stop! The kids want to snack, so I have to snack with them! Had I known before that food on Earth was so good, I would have stayed here much longer!”
Now, what are the odds of a giant flying donut-looking spaceship hovering right next to the street that they were in? That, along with the odds of it appearing right after Bruce finally seems to remember something?
“Hold down your weapons,” the leader, Thanos, then says, holding up a hand to indicate the order. The female hesitates for one more second before she, along with her companion, lowers her weapon. “You know what you need to do.”
“The field trip,” Peter explains, though his last word is more shouted when Big grabs Peter’s entire body in one hand and throws him over the park.
Tony counts to ten inside his mind. If he doesn’t, he might actually bring out his inner asshole-behavior. Even more than he already has.
“Thanks, guys,” he whispers. Then he turns to Wanda. “I’m also sorry for your loss. I know it’s been five years apparently but to you it must have been like a couple of days…”
Tony notices immediately that she’s not used to winning. He throws the game a few more times after that. That’s just his father’s instinct talking, right here.
“What did you just say?” Tony whispers, feeling like he just needs to exit the suit and just throw himself into space.
He couldn’t call himself a chef just yet, but with another, smaller mouth to feed once every week, both he and Steve had to work on it so they wouldn’t be giving Morgan takeaway all the time.
As he, the King and Natasha march closer, they can see the woman trying to break through the barrier with her sword. She doesn’t succeed, but still smirks despite failing. Steve can see it now that he’s standing in front of her.
“A one way- you didn’t think you would be coming back, did you?” he asks lowly. Tony lets out an annoyed sigh, his hands going up into his hair while he distances himself from his son. He needs to- he has to- He doesn’t know, his mind is going in overdrive, he thinks. There’s this ache in his chest, this pressure inside of it that makes it difficult to breathe. Tony puts his fingers against his neck, only realizing that he can’t feel anything. That’s even worse, because he could swear that his heart is racing.
Steve smiles, just shortly. That is, until he must notice the crestfallen look on Tony’s face, instead.
Steve throws his arm around his shoulder to keep him close, nodding towards Tony to tell him that it’s alright. He’s not mad. Sad, yes, but he’s not mad that Tony made this decision. Tony barely manages to reach for Peter’s face, only feeling his skin for a short second before his hand drops down again. With that, he feels his consciousness leave him once again. His left eye starts getting dark as well. His mind goes numb, and finally, he feels like he can rest.
“We don’t know,” says Steve as he sits down a bit further away from Tony. With his arms crossed, he takes a deep breath. “He just opened a portal and walked through.”
Hilde arrives at the wreckage about half an hour after that. By now, it’s pretty much spread out, but most of it remains at the same place. Hilde sighs and sets the spacecraft in rest. It’s time to look around.
But then there’s a final blast, this one sounding louder than the other one. But she’s not near a computer, she can’t check if there’s any of the shield left, but she figures there isn’t. Crap, they should have moved sooner.
They kiss softly, yet still intimately. And while eventually they’ll have to pull back, it feels timeless.
“You will be happy, too,” Steve admits to her as they dance. With one hand on her back he steps from left to right, feeling like that smile is permanently stuck on his face. “I’ve met your family. They’re all incredible people.”
Tony just leans against a metal pillar, looking up for a bit before sinking down his knees. He can vaguely hear Peter saying something to Strange for a bit, but he doesn’t listen to it. Instead, he closes his eyes and tries to think how yesterday evening he had been lying next to Steve in bed, convincing him to wait for a few more minutes before he had to leave.
Yaël must have had an even harder time than Thor did, adjusting to parenthood. But that’s mostly because the child has particular powers that often make the woman lose sleep. Whether it’s shapeshifting, telepathy or even just the random ability to freeze things with his hands.
“Men and women, both,” she clarifies. “Why, are you questioning yourself, too? Because if you want to figure it out, I’m flattered but I’m not exactly accepting distractions right now.”
After a bit of talking, Tony finally lets go of Peter. They have to follow the plan. They meet eyes for a short moment, sharing a nod of understanding, and then Peter stealthily crawls up the wreckage to his designated hiding place.
“You… will never be… a god,” Loki whispers out. After that, he stops moving. Hilde pulls on Yaël’s arm, trying to get her back on her feet. Where Thor is kneeling on the ground, they can hear a faint ‘no’, but the metal thing on his mouth prevents him from talking further.
In the next room Wanda’s finally let go of Vision as she moves around, accepting some sort of shake Clint must have prepared as he walks around with a tray of them. Vision is seated on a chair, still holding on to his side
“Oh, yeah.” Tony lowers his head and approaches him. He tries not to show his hesitancy, but he really,
There’s a tap on his shoulder, slightly hitting his neck. Alarms go up in Tony’s head as he holds up his hand, boosting up the repulsors, only to lower them down again when he sees it’s only the wizard’s magic cape.
“Of course,” she returns. She grabbed enough rations for three. In case they’re running out, Hilde will just have to run an errand on a nearby planet until they can return.
There’s a heartbeat. It’s faint, and slow, but it’s there. For the first time in a long while, Hilde cries. It’s in happiness, rather than sadness. She’s so glad that she doesn’t have to return to the pod with bad news.
How can this be? Nothing can stab Vision, he’s made out of vibranium, isn’t he? Many thoughts pass Wanda’s mind, and she can’t really calm her brain down. Finally, she seems to realize what exactly is the problem with them not bringing along any form of communication.
Quill starts walking around, eyeing the thing carefully. “What the Hell happened to this planet? It’s eight degrees off its axis. Gravitational pull is all over the place.”
“It isn’t supposed to be,” he returns shakily. There’s another painful, breathy grunt before he lets out a small chuckle. “I’m beginning to think we should have stayed in bed.”
After three days, the rest of the avengers return. Tony’s surprised they all made it, though he’s not surprised the mission failed. The entire group scatters around, disbanding for the time being. They’ve all got other places to be as they wallow in their failure.
“THANOS!” A blade is thrown at Strange, but the man deflects it without trouble. He sends his cloak to the large man’s face, throwing him on the floor. The man in the middle, with the red glowing eyes, flies up into the air, shooting at Tony with what seem like two little blasters. They go one-on-one for a bit, but where Tony has his strength, this guy seems to have nasty little gadgets in return, as is proven when he puts some sort of magnet onto Tony’s suit and gets him literally stuck onto the ship.
“Are those the nanos?” Bruce asks. Of course he knows about them; Tony involved him in the process of making them, after all.
“Wanda, I-“ he starts, only to let out a agonizing shout as he’s lifted off the ground, his human disguise disappearing. That’s when Wanda notices a dark figure standing behind him, some sort of knife sticking out of his abdomen. After a few short seconds, whatever is standing behind Vision is throwing him to the side. The creature that did this turns to face Wanda, and she only takes the one second to be appalled by its appearance before she summons up the energy in her body and tries to direct it into a blow meant for
Though she’s never seen Steve looking so angry, so tense. So… ready to rip off these creatures’ heads. And Natasha and Sam seem equally pissed.
So after a moment, Tony reaches out his hand to the man next to him. Steve hesitates for a moment, but then he returns the gestures. He squeezes Tony’s fingers before bursting into tears right next to him.
Tony blinks. He’s noticed the Raccoon yesterday, but it’s only today that he’s heard him talk. “Honestly, until this exact second, I thought you were a Build-A-Bear.
But there’s just this one last mission. That’s what he tells himself; but as long as he has this suit… there’ll never be a
“I just feel you,” she admits, cupping his cheek once again. Vision looks only slightly disappointed at the lack of an answer. His own hand goes onto the back of her head, his eyes never leaving hers. Slowly, he leans forward to press their lips together in another tender kiss. It’s not heated, but it still warms her body with love and adoration. But she can’t tell him that. Not yet.
“See, ‘not winging it’ isn’t really what they do,” he admits. That’s when Peter decides to join in on the conversation.
“I think his kids drained the life out of him,” Rhodey jokes. He pokes the God in the side, and Thor startles as he wakes up, blinking in confusion around him.
As soon as Tony turns and sees red-eyed-guy holding Peter with a blaster aimed at his head, Tony holds up his other hand until it’s directed at the man. Anger fills him entirely, especially at seeing his son struggle like that to get free. Next to him, Strange pulls up another lightshow as a weapon.
As the locked doors all open up again, Tony notices Scott wandering off to the windows after noticing something outside. He barely pays any attention to it when his phone suddenly goes off inside his pocket. Not a lot of people have his number, he realizes, so it’s probably Pepper or something.
Hilde and Jane get along swimmingly. She’s probably the most normal person around here, and Hilde likes normal. After arriving back to Earth with the intention to find Sif again, she only found out that the woman had disappeared along with many others. New Asgard barely seems like a Kingdom at this point. It’s more of a city. A city with a King that is slowly losing his marbles from being too overprotective a Dad.
After they’ve all assigned their roles, Tony passes his hand through Peter’s hair and puts the mask back on.
“Not you idiots, I’m meaning these in the back.” The soldier walks past them, approaching Wanda and Vision and putting his hands on their shoulders before moving on to Hilde and Yaël, doing the same with them. “How was vacation?”
“I don’t-“ he starts. Tony knows how he’s put the shield aside after the whole Thanos-business. He’s feeling like he doesn’t deserve it, as he couldn’t use it to keep the world safe.
“Have we ever known him differently?” he asks. Steve knows they’re only here to make sure that he comes back, but there’s no place Steve would rather be. But there are some things that he needs to do; things that he couldn’t, but can now.
“Yes, the Queen died a few years back. Odin just last month, as well as Hela – though nobody was really rooting for her to be fair as she was the reason our planet’s destroyed.”
All of Peter’s friends are gone. Tony shudders in his breath, wondering if it’s a blessing that the group of friends don’t have to miss out on each other. But then again, it doesn’t matter. Nothing matters.
But here they are; she has friends, she has a boyfriend, and she even started college, which she never thought would be possible. Life isn’t
“Well, that’s the thing,” he starts. He takes the shield from the ground, holding it in his hands one more time. It feels weird to think that this is the last time; good, but weird. There’s a relief, but also some sadness at the thought that this thing that has kept him safe for so long will, in a few moments, no longer be his.
“Let me just say, if aliens wind up implanting eggs in my chest or something and I end up eating you, I’m sorry,” Peter starts, gesturing wildly with his free hand. Tony rolls his eyes, pointing in his son’s direction.
Feeling annoyed, Tony decides it’s the best he’s going to get. He gets his helmet back on, and points towards the wizard. “You better be right,” he tells him before he flies off again.
Steve looks up, pulled out of his train of thought by his best friend. Bucky gives him a sad smile, but ever since finding him again, all expressions on Bucky’s face seem to have a hint of sadness in them. They’re alone for a moment while the others suit up. Steve should do the same.
“Let’s do it! You shoot my guy, I blast him. Let’s go!” Now Tony extends his nanotech cannon until it’s right into his face.
“I understand, my child,” his heavy voice tells her, as if speaking to his daughter. “Better than anyone.”
But Sif does not cry. She stands strong, assuring Hilde that she will look out for Asgard until Thor’s return. Because she is certain that he will be back; he’s not taken out so easily.
“What just happened?” Susan asks in confusion. She then turns towards Reed in panic. “What’s the news on Earth? Did anything happen?”
“You keep on surprising me,” says Thanos while he looks down on the black-haired figure. When he reaches out for him, the man holds himself over the woman next to him. A woman holding a newborn baby in her arms.
I don't really want to put too much time into Infinity War, for it is more Endgame that I wish to fix :') That means I'm kind of rushing through IW until we get to the Steve/Tony reunion I can't wait to start writing. Despite the heartbreak.
It had worked, as well. Peter had loosened up, completely. It must have been one of the best days in their lives.
“Exactly like Footloose!” he says enthusiastically. Peter finally looks back at Tony, confusion obvious in his face. “Is it still the greatest movie in history?”
Tony finally stands in front of him, and now standing closer Peter realizes that his arm isn’t just limp; it’s simply not there. It’s missing.
“You heard me.” Steve finally looks back at him, trying to gauge his reaction. But Sam looks shocked, surprised, and somehow… emotional. “You don’t like it?”
That’s strange. Peter sneaks a peek, finding that the Wizard seems wounded and tired as well. “Spare his life… and I will give you the stone.”
“Nat, we did stand. Yet, here we are…” Tony’s eyes meet Steve’s. He hates that he’s disappointing him. Natasha turns her head, probably to hide away from them. He wonders what he’s doing here; once upon a time, they were his team and he would have gone high and above for them. This time, all he can see are the ways this plan can fail.
“No telling. He has the Power and Space Stone, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe.”
“Thank you.” The others follow Bruce to the large living room where they can sit Vision down for a bit. Rhodey, who walks a bit slower than the others, stays behind for a bit as he grabs his cup of coffee from the table to take it with him. Steve reaches out for him to get his attention.
Steve shrugs and stammers out an answer. “Well, yeah, but… I never really thought we would- you know… so quickly…” He sighs again, looking down at his hands now that they’re no longer underneath a book. “A lot of people lost someone, like we did.”
Hilde feels her breath going faster, and there’s this pressure on her chest. She would kill for something to drink at this point, but both the compound and the tower have a strict alcohol intolerance here, meaning that there’s nothing in here. It’s not the time to head out to a bar, so Hilde just has to bite through it.
Wanda shivers, afraid to look at Vision but unwilling to let him go. Maybe there’s still a way. Maybe Shuri got enough data. Maybe… Maybe…
The rest of the team banters a bit with each other again. Tony barely listens to it as he takes a couple of deep breaths to calm himself down. The thought of his upcoming destination has him nervous. To go back to a time before he even knew Peter? That’s going to be tough. He wouldn’t want to see the way he was before becoming a Dad.
The third person – a large man with a skin made of rock – shakes his head and gestures for them to follow him. “We were already on a search mission.”
Street. Notify first responders,” Tony says, holding on to the door of a car to make sure that he doesn’t fly away from the wind.
Tony has been learning how to cook. Over the past few years, he started on a couple of new hobbies and skills to keep his mind distracted, and cooking had been one of them.
Natasha goes after Clint, after they managed to track him at last. He’s been all over the world, tracking down people so it seems. Tony doesn’t try to think too much about it; they’ve all sunk into a dark hole once, and Clint is currently still in one after losing his brother and his family.
“I need at least ten minutes, maybe fifteen at the most,” he says, his voice sounding a bit more certain now. Hilde nods, pushing the button to open the door and carefully looking through.
Steve gives her a long look. “You are,” he tells her, but Natasha drops another tear and lowers her gaze.
But never does he see him. It’s impossible, too, as there are just too many of them here. It’s a literal battlefield; space ships have joined their army – friends from Quill, he suspects – and even more freaking wizards!
I'm probably a bit too familiar with these sudden thoughts, so I felt like it was better to warn others about it. It's only present in this chapter and the next one.
I had nothing, until I met Clint, and you guys. It made me all better, and I- I’m still trying to be… better.”
He’s about to ask for more. About to demand answers, but Strange disappears as well, leaving only Tony, Peter and the blue woman here.
Steve’s eyes startle open at the sound of loud thunder right next to his ear. He hadn’t even realized that his mind started wandering; had he been knocked out, or did he just take a mental break after the endless hours of fighting?
“HILDE!” somebody shouts. Hilde turns around, finding Loki and Yaël standing a bit more in the back. Loki points at her, indicating for Hilde to get back there. She sighs and runs back into their direction.
Steve sees some red flashes, and suddenly the drill things float up in the air, held up by some red clouds. After they’re dropped back on the ground, he hears Okoye in his ear.
“There you go. Are you thinking about lunch? I can give you a handful of crickets on a bed of lettuce.”
“You’re right,” Yaël points out, startling nearly everybody in the room as she hasn’t so far spoken at all. “But it should. After all, yours is not the only stone here. And while the mind stone might be attached to you on a matter of life and death, mine isn’t.”
After making sure that she’s alright, he tries to focus back on the battle. Yet, he’s still stuck in place. Is Thanos throwing an entire moon onto his Dad?
“Yeah, one moment I saw all of you in front of me, and the next there was this woman – a beautiful young woman, too. She was dressed in a black dress, standing there as if she’d been waiting for me. Told me it was time to come with her. I tried to tell her I couldn’t leave you or Morgan behind but… dead is dead, you know?”
They pass everybody, nodding at them, thanking them for coming. Peter is surprised at how composed Pepper is, too. He’s right behind her, and when he sees Ned standing there with Harry and Johnny, he gives them a small wave. He’s a bit surprised that Wade is not here.
Needing to look at his son, Tony puts Peter down and leans close to him. Peter takes a few shaky breaths while looking upwards. Then, he turns towards his father with an apologetic expression.
“Shit!” Hilde mutters, though she can’t hear her own voice. There’s no sound in space, it’s almost as if she’s gone deaf. “Hold on!”
“Yeah, it’s a great view,” Sam agrees. “But I don’t think the lake is the reason you called me here?”
But it’s obvious. He made her strong, but not too strong. She could never overshadow him. He made sure of that.
“Got to hustle, Steve. Things looks like they’re about to wrap up here,” Tony says as he’s scanned the interior of the tower, seeing the original Avengers group all gathered around Loki. He sneaks inside the tower, JARVIS not even telling on him as he doesn’t sense any intruders. Tony is not an intruder in his own tower.
Tony follows the source of the voice, getting to the guy battling said blanket. As soon as he’s put his foot onto his torso and aims his flight stabilizer at his head, the cloak finally pulls away.
Huh… Strange actually stopped the engines… how about that? When Tony turns to look at him, and actually tell him that he did a good job, that clown actually has the nerve to wink at him.
“Come on,” she instructs him. It’s good that she’s taking charge. Somebody ought to. Steve gets up, followed by Peter and May. When Peter is on his feet, Morgan reaches out for him and Peter picks her up with ease. He’s surprised at how easy she’s grown attached to him, but he doesn’t mind. He kisses her on the top of the head and then follows Steve and Pepper out.
“Really?” Thor swings his axe at the right time, and Steve also smashes his shield in three different creatures.
“Among other things, yeah. It’s good you’re here.” Tony gets out of the car and gives Steve a quick greeting kiss on the cheek. Then he heads to the trunk of the car to get his research out.
“I’m pretty sure they didn’t, just- the story is too long. Just trust me alright? Get Vision and Wanda, bring them back to New York or take them to Wakanda. Just… secure them.”
“When did that happen?” he asks. And Steve knows he’s talking about the silver ring he’s wearing. Steve clears his throat.
“Thank you,” Vision says, then. That’s when Wanda turns to look at Steve again, seeing that hard look in his face once more. For a moment, it seems like he’s trying to figure out what to say.
It’s a good arrangement; Morgan is thriving. Especially in the lakehouse Steve and Tony built together after they wanted to escape the Avengers for a bit. Whenever Morgan is with them, both of her fathers tell her stories about her older brother. It’s the only time they manage to talk about Peter without bursting into tears – well, the tears come later when Morgan is asleep. Though, the older she gets, the less she asks about Peter. As if she's sensing their sadness.
She sighs once more. This must have been the third time the question is asked, each time by a different person wearing the same black outfit. All men, too. Though this one seems different. There’s something about him something in his expression.
Only after ten minutes do they dare jump back out of the vent. Hilde holds her hand over the Dragonfang, keeping herself prepared in case she needs it.
“Yes,” she says. “But there are more than two trillion neurons here. One misalignment could cause a cascade of circuit failures.”
“Not if we do this right,” he says. He turns around and looks back down, and full of excitement he starts giving Tony his plan. Tony listens, adding a few suggestions of his own. When he asks if the magic cape is listening as well, the thing just makes some weird gesture that Tony kind of interprets as ‘fuck you’, though he’ll never know for sure.
Scott grumbles out a soft “No,” before he lowers his head again. Tony chuckles, pretending to be relieved.
Pepper is holding a bouquet of flowers. Peter hasn’t yet seen it, but he knows Pepper had it made especially for this occasion. It must be something extremely personal. Happy, Rhodey and May are right behind Peter, the three of them giving him a supportive smile. After they’ve all reached the door, the others start following as well.
Tony glances at Steve once, but then he clears his throat. He turns towards the others and claps his hands together twice to get their attention. Steve gives him a confused look, but follows along. Once Tony sees that the others are looking at him, he grins.
They meet up at the alley again. Natasha and Clint are already there, all four of them resting in an abandoned car full of debris on top of it. The two former-assassins look pretty fine on first glance, and when Steve finally jumps off the building and goes down on the street, they hold up their stone in excitement.
“Where are- where’s.” Shit, it hasn’t been this hard to get out a sentence since his last visit to the hospital. It feels like his liver is giving up on him all over again.
But now he’s the opposite of that Bruce. “Thanos,” he says. “He’s a plague, Tony. He invades planets, he takes what he wants, he wipes out half the population. He sent Loki; the attack on New York? That’s him!”
“Of course.” Hilde picks up her tools and continues tinkering with the ship. “You have an hour. Tell the others.”
There have been enough losses today. This whole battle; it’s simply a massacre, happening in front of them all. Wakandan warriors and mutants alike, all of them seem to be dropping down like flies, yet they give it their all to get through this whole thing. Their all being their lives.
“A certain matter has come to my attention, and I need you to come with me,” the doctor says, low and heavy voice almost resonating through the whole park. What is it with these people with their heavy voices all the time?
“Shake it, don’t pull it,” his father jokes, and Tony chuckles nervously with a nod. “You look a little green around the gills there Rogers.”
“But you didn’t think!” Tony hisses, suddenly marching up towards Peter and grabbing his arm, shaking him a bit without thinking about it. Peter doesn’t seem bothered by it as he just keeps on talking.
“Alright, just get over here, please,” he finally gets out. “Mr. Lord, can you get your folks to circle up?”
“’Undying’,” Thanos mumbles out, grabbing a hold of Loki’s wrist and pushing it aside, making Loki drop his weapon. The struggle on the God’s face is clear, and it does not bode well for any of them. “You should choose our words more carefully.”
He finds a store where he gets some other clothes. He’s got money on him, the vendor doesn’t even look up, just takes it and doesn’t ask questions.
But it’s for naught. Strange is still grabbed by Thanos after some powerful tricks. The medallion around Strange’s neck is pulled away, only to reveal that there’s nothing inside.
“Congratulations,” Tony says bitterly. “You’re an Avenger now.” Then he walks off, needing a little bit of time to cool off. This sucks big time; if the ship has any form of communication, it doesn’t seem able to make contact to Earth. He can’t reach Steve, he doesn’t know if Pepper’s alright, or Happy, or Rhodey. He doesn’t know if Steve and the others managed to get Wanda and Vision before it was too late.
He quickly presses the call-button before his thoughts go too deep. Then he lifts up the phone to his ear. A quick lick of his lips is enough to make him realize that he’s nervous.
“Oh, you were actually serious about that?” Strange says. “Though now that you mention it, you do kind of look alike. I mean, you’re both
Yet Peter still hesitates; how can he be sure this is his Dad? Sure, his Spidey-sense doesn’t seem to catch anything wrong with this scene but… there’s always still the possibility that it doesn’t work, right? Peter can’t be this lucky. No way, never.
“Daddy, I’m hungry,” the girl complains. Steve puts a hand behind her head and kisses her through her hair. Hearing her words, Tony gets up on his feet as well. It’s time to start feeding the little monster, he realizes.
Gamora says nothing else. She knows the gravity of her crimes. She’s been raised a machine, but she did grow some sympathy over the past few years since meeting the Guardians. Now that the staring match has stopped, Gamora looks over at the familiar unconscious figure further away. She hasn’t changed much. Maybe her hair is shorter than Gamora remembers.
“I can’t,” Tony returns, though he can feel the connection losing. He takes a shaky breath. “I love you.”
“How can you be so sure?” Peter doesn’t mean for his voice to break like that, but it still happens. Much like he doesn’t mean for that tear to roll out of his eye again, yet that, too, is inevitable.
Tony can’t help but feel a little bit betrayed here. He would have expected Pepper to back him up on this, maybe even chose different kinds of names for the kid. He was already planning on making her godmother, and he was sure Steve was going to make Bucky godfather.
That’s just dangerous. Especially with all these people running here. There are already too many of them on the ground, probably accidentally run over by cars or crushed by flying objects. With a sad look around, he’s once again reminded about the bad sides of being a superhero.
She doesn’t get far. None of them do. Tony only barely notices Bruce’s face come up in shock, and then there’s an explosion that blasts them all away. It’s loud, deafening, coming from all sides.
“What’s going on?” she wonders, though not speaking up. She doesn’t want to catch the attention of Thanos, who has his eyes closed. Gamora knows he’s not sleeping, but he’s ‘charging up’ as they say. He’s preparing himself for recapturing the Soul Stone.
Tony sighs. “But now it’s dead in the water. We’re a thousand light years from the nearest 7-11. Oxygen will run out tomorrow, and that’ll be it.”
“I need to see it. If Loki’s still… floating around there, somewhere, I need proof.” Yaël’s breath shudders for a moment. Then she lowers her gaze and starts fumbling with her fingers onto her lap. “He deserves a proper burial.”
Peter startles upon hearing Steve. He turns to find the man standing there, no longer holding the helmet. He looks… lively. That’s surprising, since he just lost his partner. He nods, saying a quick goodbye to his friends.
“No. I have a family back home now. Tony, our son Peter and our daughter Morgan. I… I love them, and I should go back to them.”
Tony freezes, letting go of Peter. The teenager seems to realize his mistake immediately, his face falling and his mouth dropping over.
“I lost my son, too, Scott.” Tony says as he points his finger at the man. “The most important person in my life, I lost him, too. Of course, I would do
Bruce tries again, letting out another loud grunt. There’s a slight bit of green appearing in his throat, but that seems about it. Strange gives him a look that indicates ‘hurry up’.
“Oh, he’s pissed,” the Raccoon says. “He thinks he failed. Which, of course, he did but you know, there’s a lot of that going around, ain’t there?”
Peter sighs, looking down at his hands, where he’s holding a picture frame that had been on the nightstand. It’s one of the first pictures they took together back in Disneyland. They hadn’t been at the ‘dad’-phase yet, things were still a bit awkward, but that must have been close to the best day of his life.
“If you hear anybody approaching, clear the screen and get back into that vent.” Once she sees nobody, she starts running again. She doesn’t even give Odal the time to answer to her instruction.
“I’m happy for me, too,” Tony jokes. Then he nods at Sam. “Now, go be Captain America. Save some kittens from trees. Let these two old people enjoy their secret honeymoon.”
The street where people are running, screaming, panicked. A woman even falls down on the ground in her haste. Tony runs up to her and pulls her up.
Hilde understands why when she sees Thanos throwing the Hulk down on the ground as if he weighs nothing to him. She holds in the surprised gasp. There’s a low muttering somewhere on the side of the fallen Asgardians, and suddenly a bright, colored light engulfs the Hulk, lifting him off the ground and making him disappear from the ship.
“You’re the ones Thor told us about!” the woman calls out behind them. That rings some alarm bells inside Tony’s head.
yet. Just as quietly as before, she opens the door back up. Hidden behind from debris, she finds Yaël hidden, looking at the fight in front of them. Everybody has their backs turned in their direction, so Hilde comes to join her.
Howard can answer him. Of course, he can’t. He tries to gesture Maria’s belly with his hands, but even there he seems to be hesitant about the size. How long has it been since he’s been home? “I don’t know. She’s at the point where she can’t stand the sound of my chewing. I guess I’ll be eating dinner in the pantry again.”
She must have passed out, she’s sure of it. By the time her eyes open again, Thanos has gone. The lights in the pod are muted. Somebody is crying. When Gamora tries to sit up, she finds that the wound in her belly still hurts like crazy.
“That’s why it’s yours.” Steve holds out his hand and shakes Sam’s. And in that moment, Sam seems to catch it. But that’s probably because Steve put his left hand on top of their shake. Sam smiles down despite the tears, nodding.
“Dad,” Peter gets out. The sound makes Tony turn to him for a moment, looking at him apologetically. Peter shakes his head, trying his best to stay calm. They’re going to be fine. They’re going to make it out of here.
On the flowers is that first arc reactor Tony has built. The one that Pepper had made into a little statue.
“Dude, that’s the worst pep-talk,” Clint jokes next to him. Tony gives the man another glare before he turns back to Steve.
“If you can get me Vision’s body, and if you say that you can still ‘sense’ him inside of there, I think I can make something work,” she states. There’s a little bit of hope coming back to him, and while he doesn’t feel the strength to really show it he’s actually happy for Wanda. Besides, while it’s a bit of hope, it’s not a promise for success. Vision’s body, where-ever it is, has been left for five years. Who knows if Wanda can even still feel him somewhere inside of there.
“What’s… what’s going on?” Peter can’t place it. He’s hallucinating his Father here, isn’t he? Is it because he hasn’t taken his pills for the past five years? Because Peter’s pretty sure he didn’t even exist during that time. Did he? What the shit?
What just happened in those ten minutes he feels he has been gone? Were they actually five years? In what universe does Pepper have a suit? Because Peter knows that’s her; he can recognize her voice, immediately.
“Where is he now?” Strange asks. The grey man Tony had been aiming at gets back on his feet, looking down at his hands before lifting his head.
And at first there’s the cape trying to hold Strange back, but in the end it’s still just a cape. It loses its grip, and Strange goes flying again.
Peter is the next one too arrive. Tony wants to smile, but he’s not sure his face is doing what he tells it to.
He had it made a while back, but only thought of carrying it along with him after returning from the past. He had hoped that he could give it to him on a happier occasion, but he’s out of options now.
“We’ve been hunting Thanos for three weeks now. Deep Space Scans, and satellites, and we got nothing.” Steve lowers his gaze for a moment, as if he’s hesitating. Tony notices it, immediately. “Tony, you fought him.”
“Avengers,” Steve starts as Mjölnir finds its way back into his hand. It’s quite the sight, with him leading such a large army. Tony still can’t really believe it.
Wanda, well, there’s no way to describe her. With given even more control of her powers, Peter’s sure she might have been able to handle the army all on her own. But as she has nobody to teach her, and only herself to figure it all out, she’s not yet come to the powerful stage Peter knows she might one day end up as.
Thor looks different, but Bruce had already warned us about the shorter hair. Though, where Steve would have expected an eyepatch, he finds none. Rather, his right blue eye has been replaced with a golden one.
“Chow time!” he calls out, referring to the meal he’s finished preparing only a few minutes earlier. Steve should be back soon, so it’s time to get the kid to wash her hands and sit down.
“Good to be back,” Natasha returns with a grin. “Now, let’s get Vision fixed up. Somebody call Helen form medical?”
Noticing that Peter’s not about to attack him, Thanos keeps his guard down. He barely even looks at him, instead just staring at Tony.
Peter sits down between May and Steve, the two of them giving him sad smile. May takes his hand into her own, while Steve stays quietly on his side.
“Good. You had me worried there. ‘Cause that’d be horse shit. That’s not how quantum physics works.”
“Tony.” It’s Steve who interrupted him. Tony gives him a look, hoping they can just get inside, have this done with. “We can try and bring Peter back. Morgan can meet her big brother. Just imagine… It could be a second chance.”
Tony stills. He lets out a loud breath and looks over his daughter. She doesn’t seem to know what kind of reaction she just pulled out of him. How could she? She’s only four!
This is a weird conversation. One Hilde didn’t think they would be having right now. But it’s nice change of pace, and it isn’t like Hilde tries to keep this part a secret.
In only a matter of minutes, large explosions appear on the surface. Everybody heads towards the windows to have a look, except for Shuri who helps Vision up on his feet. Steve gives T’Challa a look, both of them agreeing that they’re running out of time.
“They’re on another space mission,” she explains. “They’ll keep an eye out for Pete and Tony. You know the two teenagers are friends, so they’ll do their best to find them.”
Tony offers to do the dishes. Before, he would have gone above and beyond to find excuses not to do them, but lately they’ve been a good way to distract himself. Besides, it’s not too much to wash off. Tony finishes it after only ten minutes. When he puts the last plate on the rack, he notices that he’s been splashing some water around. He dries off everything he got wet, but he stops when he notices the picture frame over there.
Tony puts his head in his hands, feeling too exhausted to continue. He’s at the verge of passing out, too hungry to continue, yet having to appetite even if there would have been food. His entire body is probably shutting down on itself.
And Vision asks her to leave him behind. And the idea hurts more than she could imagine. Obviously, she refuses.
It goes on and on. Whatever they throw Thanos’ way, it doesn’t seem to affect him even in the least. Even through teamwork, while it holds the Titan back, it never really does anything lasting. Before he even knows it, Thanos is using him as a shield for Thor’s upcoming attack.
“Certainly not, I speak for myself,” Strange says, making another weird move with his hands until more orange glowing things appear. “There’s no trespassing in this city and on this planet.” Next to them, Wong does the same thing.
“Loki?” Hilde asks as well. She opens a few doors, but finds noting other than dimmed lights. Thor, too, looks into rooms. By the time they find an open door with the lights still on inside of it, they walk inside to find Loki grabbing Yaël’s arm, pulling her along in a seemingly desperate way.
The girl has been quiet over the past few years. According to Hilde, she had been unconscious when Loki disappeared, meaning that she just woke up with half the universe gone. Steve has been trying to keep touch with her, but it hasn’t been easy. After she lost all of her powers, she's been trying to live a normal life that doesn't involve superheroes. Steve can't blame her.
“And very nearly succeeded. So I brought her here, to talk.” Gamora can see him curling his hand into a fist. The purple and blue stone start shining brightly, followed by Nebula’s agonizing cries to fill the room as her disassembled pieces are being pulled apart even more than they already have been.
“It used to be. It isn’t anymore.” And those words seem to make it hard for Sam, who looks up into the sky when tears well up in his eyes. He tries to hold them back, like he doesn’t want to make this difficult for Steve.
“No!” he calls out, waiting for the inevitable blast. But nothing seems to come, and even Thanos realizes it as he look back at his hand. Managing to get a little bit closer, Peter can see that the stones are no longer on the gauntlet.
Rhodey’s already in another suit – Tony has no idea where he got it from. Bruce, while still with one arm hurt, jumps off of Scott’s hand and is quickly followed by Rocket.
“I’ll do it!” Thor is quickly to step forward, only to be stopped by all the others at the same time. Thor seems confused about it, and the mess that his hair is doesn’t help with that appearance at all. Has he even slept at all? Or did he spend the entire night calling his wife and children again?
“You left this at home,” Tony tells him, holding up the familiar, round shield. Steve gives it a hard look, unwilling spare it another glance.
“You read my mind, son.” Peter pulls his mask back up and Steve takes Mjölnir off the ground. There’s this tiny urge to ask if he can hold it, but now is probably not the time for it. Besides, does he really want to know if he can even hold it?
Hilde smiles over at the doctor, who is about to speak when a loud cry distracts them, instead. The two turn to look behind them, finding Yaël sitting on the cot with Loki next to her. He’s not looking great at all, still a little blue in the face. But what stands out the most is his panicked expression and his hand hovering above his lover’s belly.
Nebula is suspended in the air in the middle of the room. She’s shivering, letting out painful breaths. Calling out her name didn’t make her react. She’s probably in too much pain.
Of course, he drinks it. They both do. Except Nebula is the one who makes sure Tony doesn’t choke in his own puke afterwards. That night, all Tony does is cry out for his son. For Peter.
“Keep your eyes open,” he tells him before boosting up the thrusters and lowering himself down to where Skinny is currently giving a speech. The moment he touches the ground, Skinny turns around, continuing his sentence as if Tony heard any of it.
Hearing the Hulk roaring in the hangar, it’s obvious that Yaël managed to bring him along. She only hopes they haven’t found
As they’re gathered, Bruce and Rocket agree to travel to New Asgard to get Thor back on their team. He might be a little hard to convince, much like Tony had been, now that he has a family of his own. Tony’s certain that Jane might be able to persuade him.
Tony says nothing. He just looks at Peter, and takes his ungloved hand and puts it behind Peter’s head. His breath is still irregular, but at least it doesn’t seem as strained as before. Peter leans forward, pressing his forehead against his Dad’s with tears in his eyes.
Hilde can hear Thor scream. He’s struggling, fighting, but even from where Hilde is standing she can see that it doesn’t do them any good. Thanos’ large hand grabs hold of Thor’s head, pulling him off the ground and throwing him against a wall, strong enough to break even a few of the King’s bones.
“And you really have to pee, yeah, everybody does,” Pepper responds, looking a bit confused at Tony’s question.
“Yeah, tall guy, not that good-looking, needed saving.” Peter frowns, giving Quill a disbelieving look. Tony should have known that Peter doesn’t take well to ill-spoken words about Thor. It’s incredible; despite being the kids father, it seems like, still, his favorite Avenger ever is Thor. Like Peter can’t wait to meet him, can’t stop gushing about how awesome it would be to fight alongside him.
“That face goes there.” Tony puts his hand in front of her face and pushes her head gently onto the pillow. Morgan chuckles but lets him do so.
Rocket is the next one, revealing all he knows about the Power Stone they got from Morag, which is a planet. It has some additional typically Rocket-teasing along with it, especially directed towards Scott who seems to be the most oblivious about this all.
Not far from the house, they have this little spot in the sun where they put some chairs to sit in on a beautiful day like this one. There’s a table where they’re supposed to eat, but so far it’s filled with gardening equipment, since Steve has started on that particular hobby. To his left, there are the crops that the Super Soldier are taking care of.
“He did it,” he hears behind him, but he barely pays attention to it. He pulls his arms closer towards him and presses onto his chest to keep it from hurting. But it hurts, nonetheless. It’s always going to hurt.
“Talking about adulting, I’m about to do it again.” He looks back at Steve for a moment, swallows past a hard lump in his throat, and then turns back to his friends. “After we get Peter back, Steve and I… we’re gonna get married.”
“Fantastic!” Hilde cries out in relief. She hears a snort coming from Helen, who must have awakened from where she fell asleep. Failing to grasp what’s so funny about what she just said, he decides to ignore it.
“They aren’t. Or they weren’t, until 2012 when a wormhole from space was opened upon one of our cities by your friend Loki. But we are aware of the Asgardians, which is where my first question comes from: ‘Is Thor with you?’”
Steve tries to talk him out of it, but Tony is determined. Once the super soldier is convinced, the two men are next to one another on the small bed. Tony rests his head onto Steve’s chest, putting his hand over Steve’s heart and feeling it beating underneath his fingers.
“With your car?” He only asks it after noticing the lack of keys in his hands. Steve then shrugs again.
Despite that they work good together. It’s proven when the two of them manage to throw a car on Big while keeping a well enough distance between them.
For one, short moment, Hilde feels hopeful. She knows she only promised for half an hour out there, but in that short time she will actually look around, with the intention of finding something.
“Oh, no, she eventually gave up.” Steve then glances towards Thor’s left, where the tree-creature is standing.
There’s the sound of a finger snapping, simultaneously with Thor’s cry of ‘no’. Wanda closes her eyes, waiting for an imminent explosion or something like that.
Howard guides them back to the elevator Tony came in to. “So, flowers and sauerkraut. You got a big date tonight?”
People that were lost all start to come back, one by one. But Tony is only looking for one particular portal. If the person he first sees isn’t somebody he recognizes, he moves over to the next one. He only stops once he notices Strange’s ridiculous cape.
It looks almost like the others are agreeing. At least, Thor seems to be on the same wavelength. He’s letting out another yawn and leans up against a pillar.
Thor turns back at him, but he doesn’t seem angry. No, instead he seems to agree with him. “Lightning,” he tries again, but it’s no avail. Nobody is going to let him do it.
There’s another nod from Odal. He sniffs his nose, turning towards the computer and suddenly starting to type things down furiously.
Tony retracts the helmet just so he can look around the place with his own to eyes. He can hear the worry in Steve’s voice; the guy must probably be looking at a live feed or something. “
Hilde has no idea where the Hulk is hiding. The big guy is probably still in his chambers, sleeping through the entire invasion. It’s Thor, instead, who comes marching in.
“Let’s just say that the greater good has rarely outweighed my own self-interests.” They exit the elevator at last, and head outside. Tony follows him without a doubt, finding himself curious right now.
Peter looks over at the gauntlet, though it takes him a few short seconds to finally get up on his feet. Feeling a little bit shaky, he hands it over to her while noticing that large barrier of Thanos’ army slowly approaching them.
Natasha doesn’t say anything. There isn’t much left to talk about, after all. He knows as well as her that there’s a strong chance Tony might not return. And then to make it even worse he can’t even reach Peter. Even when he called May, she could only tell him that Peter hadn’t been home and that she was worried sick.
“You’re turning into a relationship therapist?” Humans have those. It’s ridiculous that there’s even a need for that.
He brings Pepper up to date with everything that has happened last day. He doesn’t know why he does it; he just always tells Pepper everything. They’re not in love anymore, but Tony still loves her as his family and he never wants to keep anything from her.
And he’s been carrying that around, ever since. Tony gets it. But they have to be realistic here; it Thor does this, he won’t be there anymore to see the results.
Peter’s already on him, despite that. A bit shaken and blinded by the sunlight pouring through the clouds, he barely sees Peter approach him until he’s grabbing on to his arms.
“BOOM!” Rocket shouts, startling both Tony and Bruce. They give him an annoyed glare, and the raccoon simply smirks without giving any excuse. They get the gauntlet out of the chamber and put it on the workbench to have a look at it.
“Vision,” she starts, feeling her entire body shake. “Vision, if that’s true then maybe going isn’t the best idea.”
“That was while we were looking for the staff, wasn’t it?” the super soldier asks. Tony pats him on the top of his head.
Tony glances down at him. “Stop looking at my future husband’s ass,” he hisses back at him, forgetting that his communicator is still on. While past-Natasha walks around with the staff in her hands and Tony keeps his eyes on it, he hears Steve in his ear.
He doesn’t know when he dozed off, but suddenly there’s another touch on his arm. He startles, once again holding up his arms to realize that the suit is still in the container on his chest. He calms down, though, when he finds Peter crouching down next to him.
“I can go without breath for a long time.” Hilde lets out another deep breath, but then marches towards the airlock. Opening the first door, she starts tightening the tethering cable to her belt and gives it a few tugs. Then she grabs some thruster boots that she might have stolen out of Stark’s workshop. They’re silver, not having had the dye job just yet. It’s better this way; now they match the Valkyrie uniform.
Strange is the first one back on his feet. He gets to Tony, holding out his hand to help him back up. Tony reduces the helmet once more, allowing Strange to help him.
Tony listens to Scott’s plan. He knew Hank Pym had been experimenting with Quantum Technology. At one point in his life, Tony would have offered to help him with it. Except now, he just doesn’t care anymore.
Steve presses his lips together, a clear indication that he’s not going to speak further. Peggy laughs, then.
“No, you actually survived,” he clarifies. “It’s a billion to one cosmic fluke, and now you wanna pull off a… what do you call it?”
Morgan seems to have forgotten about the strange people rather quickly. The moment she’s got her food to munch on, Tony sits on his seat next to hers and leans back while he rubs his hand over his face. This here, he wouldn’t even have expected, anymore. He knew Natasha never stopped trying, but Steve…
They quickly realize what he’s looking at. Staring ahead, all they find is Thanos, sitting on a piece of debris. When he looks up at them, he doesn’t even bother to move. No, instead, the titan is looking back down at his hand, as if he’s admiring his manicure.
“Heads up!” Then Steve raises his hand and throws something at him. Something that Peter soon comes to realize is Mjölnir. As he grabs it through the web, he’s immediately pulled out of the pile of Chitauri and gliding through the air, until another pair of arms grab on to him.
Rhodey returned to the military. There isn’t much else for him to do, after losing May. Tony’s been insisting that his best friend try and date somebody, but it never seems to work out. Eventually, Rhodey just seemed to accept the fact that he’s not going to find anyone else.
“Wong you’re invited to my next birthday party,” Tony calls out towards the wizard who just sent Big into a whole other place, leaving nothing but the monster’s hand behind when he closed the portal on him.
“Five years ago, we lost. All of us. We lost friends… we lost family.” Steve takes a deep breath, but then he continues. “We lost a part of ourselves. Today, we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stone, get them back. One round trip each. No mistakes, no do-overs. Most of us are going somewhere we know, but it doesn’t mean we should know what to expect. Be careful, look out for each other. This is the fight of our lives, and we’re gonna win.”
“What do you want to know about your brother?” Tony gently strokes Morgan’s hair out of her face while he offers her a sad smile.
Suddenly, a beeping sound comes up. Gamora looks to the side, finding that the orange dot on the map is changing.
“We messed with time. It tends to mess back. You’ll see.” Tony holds out his hand and helps Steve back up on his feet. They find Thor, a little bit further away. He’s not unconscious, but rather observing something.
“FRIDAY give me a little juice!” Tony asks. FRIDAY puts up the boosters onto his boots, and his tempo picks up. In his ear, he can hear Peter letting out difficult breaths. “Unlock 17-A.”
“Magic!” he calls out in excitement. This is so cool. “More magic!” He yanks Thanos’ head down, going through another portal. “Magic with a kick!”
But then Thanos is back. He grabs the gauntlet back with his hand and gives such a push that causes for Peter to stumble backwards. The others are all thrown aside. Seeing that Mantis is falling from way too high, Peter hurries towards her to grab her. He can’t let her fall.
And, okay, maybe he was too quick with his words; Skinny isn’t exactly more difficult to hit than Big. They’re both equally annoying and fast. Everything Tony throws at him, Big counters with either a shield or his axe. It mostly gets a tree to fall over Bruce rather than actually hurt Big.
On the other hand, once powerful, Yaël is now lacking any bit of control to the elements. Her eyes, that had once had a golden glow, have now returned to their normal, brown state. Her hair has been cut short after realizing that Raido likes to grab on to it. She’s lost a lot of weight; Yaël always had quite some meat on her bones, but now there’s barely any of it left.
Trying to stop them from going, neither of the two are listening. They hand the staff back to Scott, who gives it a bewildered look.
She should have recognized it sooner, but the blast messed up her head a bit. It’s only when she sees Vision there again, right where she destroyed him, that she realizes his goal.
“I know what you’re gonna say to me,” Peter starts, retracting the mask. Tony takes in a shaky breath, involuntarily taking a step back.
Yaël sits back down carefully. She spilled some of her coffee on the ground, so she scowls at the new stain she just made.
He stops for a bit, turning to look at Thor, making the King look up as well with a sad expression in his eyes.
“We’re working on that right now.” Steve gestures for Tony to get back inside. “Rocket and Nebula are on their way. Rhodey’s not too far out, either.”
They’re meted by a group of four. A tall man with wild brown hair and grey streaks in them is the first one to greet, quickly followed by the woman Hilde heard through the communicator.
But it’s not only the food; it’s the wounds he sustained. While Nebula helped patch him up the moment they got on the ship, he feels himself getting weaker. The only thing that’s keeping him alive must be the last bits of serum he gained through Steve’s liver.
Tony approaches him, trying his best to keep his voice from shaking but failing miserably. “Son, you’re alright?”
There’s just the matter of that purple explosion, and Loki’s death. It makes in unclear if Thor would not just… let go…
Hilde takes a deep breath. All signs would say that Thor is dead, but she’s seen him in action. Asgardians can take a hit, and they can certainly survive in space without air for a long time – which is why she didn’t have a problem while Yaël was suffocating.
Steve passes his arm over his forehead to get some blood out of his face, as well as some loose hair. “You are not going to believe it.”
“My humble personage bows before your grandeur,” he starts saying, walking up to Thanos, who takes off his helmet and starts removing his complete armor. “No other being has ever had the might, nay, the nobility, to wield not one but two Infinity Stones.”
“You will pay for his life with yours,” she gets in return. The woman’s voice is gentle, despite her rough appearance. “Thanos will have that stone.”
“Don’t worry,” she says in that familiar Sokovian accent. Right next to her, Okoye prepares her spear.
“I think I wouldn’t mind being normal,” she then says. “Back on my planet I didn’t have powers and that was considered bad back there. Then when I get my powers I come to a planet where it’s almost a crime to
“I’m sorry, Earth is closed today,” he returns loudly, trying the best he can to keep his cool. “You better pack it up and get outta here.”
But then the cannons on Thanos’ ship stop for some reason. It takes a little while for the dust to settle, but it’s clear that everybody’s a bit distracted by the direction the cannons have now chosen to shoot, which is somewhere in the air.
Immediately after that, Thor joins his Dad as well. Peter feels excited immediately, though he also notices that Thor isn’t looking much like he used to back on the news reels. Did he… gain some weight? Not that there’s anything wrong with that, obviously!
“Doctor,” Hilde greets her. If there’s anything she’s learned from Earth, it’s that people like their earned titles.
Behind Quill, Drax disintegrates as well. He calls out for his leader once before he dissolves, only to end up scattered in the air. Quill quickly turns towards Tony, as if to ask for an explanation.
“All Thanos wants is to bring balance into the Universe by killing half of its population,” Loki explains. “He’s been invading planets, performed genocide to prove his point.”
“So how do you think things are going in New York?” Wanda asks, trying to get a conversation going after a couple of minutes of nothing more than silence. “I think Peter had a field trip today, I wonder how it was.”
A cry escapes from Peter, and he’s suddenly frozen in place. Is this real? Is he just stuck in a very, realistic-looking nightmare? His heart skips a few beats as Thanos puts his hand on top of Tony’s, as if he’s about to crush it. He’s talking, but Peter can’t hear it. He’s rushing that way, reaching him at last when Thanos takes a step back.
Tony taps Strange on the chest before he turns away towards Peter’s direction. The teenager is looking at him like he’s expecting orders, his face excited and nervous at the same time. Tony just wishes he had that youth again, that lack of worry and fears chasing him all the time.
“I got this, I got this,” Peter tells himself, only to realize: “Okay, I don’t got this. Help! Somebody, help!”
“Maybe you should take Lady Sif with you? With her and Hilde by your side, I feel a lot more confident that you’ll be alright.”
“Okay, okay, uh…” he mutters. Then suddenly he jumps back up to look at Tony with a smile on his face. “Okay, you remember when we watched that movie Aliens?”
“Thank you,” Tony finishes. He supposes today’s as good a day as any to be wearing the workout cloths. With a quick movement, he pulls on the two cords, tightening up the suit around him. At least that way it’s less baggy when he does his next thing. Tapping his finger on the container on his chest, he feels the metal starting to emerge around him.
shouldn’t use your stone. If he can’t find you we should take that to our advantage.” Vision seems to get a bit tired and annoyed at the same time. He stumbles back to a seat, sighing loudly once he’s in it.
“I’m sorry, Dad, I’m-“ Peter can’t finish as tears overtake him. Out of his left eye, Tony can see Pepper putting her hand onto Peter’s shoulder and gently directing him to Rhodey’s direction. She knows that Peter can’t handle it. Rhodey immediately opens his arms to the kid, and Peter falls right into them as he lets out a loud cry.
“Let me see that,” he says. Though he remembers that piece of paper. He’d filled in quite a few of them. His own handwriting is put down on the sheet, where he kept on giving praise for Pete’s hard work. Peter had been so happy with it.
Deciding to just play along, Tony nods. “Sure was,” he says. “That’s extortion. Great minds think alike. Juice pops, exactly was on… my mind.” Tony can’t help but glance another look at the model before he guides his daughter into the kitchen to get her the preferred drink. Afterwards, he guides her back to the bathroom to get her teeth cleaned, again, and then he gets her back to bed. With a napkin, he wipes off the toothpaste from Morgan’s mouth.
“I mean no, as in, you haven’t even been together an entire year. It’s too soon to start talking about kids.”
He feels dread wash all over him when, for some reason, a purple blast pushes the woman away from Thanos. Where she went, Peter has no idea. All he sees is Thanos putting the purple stone back in place and letting out a loud growl.
Tony tries to get Strange and the Stone to leave the battle. Sadly, Strange is a crazy son of a bitch who doesn’t listen to people. He does his best to get the two of them away from the wizard. It only gets him thrown around the place, making him end up in the park he had only just left.
“’Cause I got some important shit going on here! What do you think?” he says, probably a bit louder than he should. Morgan frowns at him, but only playfully, so. “No, I got something on my mind. Got something on my mind, that’s all.”
That’s when he returns to his helmet, which is the last part of his suit that remained. He knows that, right now, he looks horrible. That’s what the lack of food does to one.
The other man – she needs to learn their names, damnit – almost starts to scream for his friend, who is taken along, but Hilde quickly slaps her hand against his mouth, shutting him up forcibly. They stay quiet, breathing heavily while the man starts sobbing silently.
Nobody joins in, nobody speaks. They allow them this moment, this reunion that had been short-lived on the battlefield, but can be extended all they want now.
Seeing New York in this chaos again, Natasha feels a new wave of guilt. The thought that they brought so much destruction to this city, again and again… And she knows it’s not even her fault, but that won’t stop her from feeling guilty.
Natasha chuckles at the thought that they might have been responsible for her being out of Thanos’ clutches. It’s good to have a win, once in a while.
Sam turns his head, forcing up a smile. “Think it bums me out that ‘m gonna have to live in a world without Captain America. Again.”
“This place looked a whole lot different seven years ago,” Clint points out, a little bit out of breath. He’s holding a piece of paper in his hand, which he hands forward in Tony’s direction for some reason. Tony frowns, seeing the others look back at him. “It worked, Stark.”
“As in past tense. That trumps what you all need. It’s too late, Steve.” Tony stares in front of him, at the glass of water they’ve told him to drink. He hasn’t even touched it, yet. When he reaches out for it, he changes his mind and pushes everything off the table. Glass drops on the ground, and the others wince.
Big is starting to run. Tony walks forward as well. He throws his glasses to the side, hoping they’re not broken, since they were the best pair he has. When he sees Big swing his axe in his direction, Tony lets the suit form a shield on his arm, which he uses to stop the blow.
Tony frowns, wondering for one short second why that name sounds familiar to him until his glasses show him the case file on the man. Right, the big HYDRA baddie that was turned into a computer.
“…Odinson, the rightful King of Jotunheim, God of Mischief, do hereby pledge to you my undying fidelity.” Standing in front of Thanos, Hilde sees him suddenly jumping up, holding a small knife in his hand as he attempts to stab it into Thanos’ neck. She hears Yaël make a small worried sound when they see him fail. Instead, Thanos grabs Loki by the throat and pulls him off the ground. Thor starts struggling against his binds, but he seems overpowered in every way.
The sight she sees on the escape pod is one she wouldn’t have expected. One she wishes she didn’t have to see. Thanos is towering over a pair on the ground. A woman in a white-silver suit is on the ground, knocked out for the time being. One human looks defenseless but still holds up what seems to be some primitive gun.
Vision lets out a loud gasp, his hand reaching up to his forehead. Wanda looks up, pulled out of her thoughts as she looks at him, finding him hunched forward as if he’s in pain. She doesn’t jump up on her feet, though, since this isn’t the first time it’s happened.
Thor’s hair has grown again. Tony sees immediately that he’s gained a bit of a father-figure. He’s more… rounded than he used to be. According to Steve, it’s been like this for a while and Thor’s working on it. Despite being a god, he looks tired. His hair is a mess, and his beard probably a bit too long.
Thanos moves his hand around, and things seem to move around Wanda. She glances at many pieces flying past her. As if they’re being pulled back to somewhere they came from. Following their path, she finds a familiar yellow light, exactly where she last left it.
“It’s almost like old times now, isn’t it?” Natasha jokes after a little while. She’s sitting on one of the benches near the lakeside, eyeing the water with an excited expression. Next to her, Bruce looks like he’s taking in the sun for a moment.
They found trouble with their plan to get pregnant when it turned out Happy was sterile. So with her wish to continue with her goal, she approached Tony in the hopes he would be a donor.
“Wait, what, Thanos?” Strange frowns in confusion or annoyance, Tony isn’t sure. “Alright, let me ask you this one time: what master do you serve?”
“Say, Stark, have you been eating more as well, now that you have a child in the house?” Thor sips on another can of coke before he burps uncontrollably. He quickly excuses himself.
“Oh, it’s just a book on composting,” Steve admits. He’s been working so much on the garden, of course he would be reading up on it.
“No, you’re a stowaway. The adults are talking,” Tony finds himself snapping at Peter, who makes himself a bit smaller while trying to fade into the background.
“No!” Yaël suddenly calls out through her grief. Hilde literally pulls her off the ground, towards the open door. She doesn’t pay attention to the fact that the group of five can see them scuttering off. All she can do is keep an arm over Yaël’s face, and hope that the weird hair-color she’s sporting is different enough from the way Thanos remembers her.
Even Tony seems to be frozen for a moment. Disbelief can be noticed even through his helmet. He tries to fly away, but he’s immediately crushed by a large chunk of moon. Peter jumps his way, disbelieving this whole situation. What happened to basic, down-to-earth villains who just want to steal some money? How did he go from there to this?
All at the same time, the team arrives back on the platform, seemingly unharmed. All of them look a bit unsteady on their feet, especially Thor who is now also holding Mjölnir in his hand for some reason. Tony gives him a surprised look before making a headcount.
Wait, that’s not a wreckage. It’s a functional ship?! Another person appears on the scene, holding a sword and facing the purple giant as she tells him something. Peter can’t focus on what she’s saying, but clearly she’s holding a grudge.
“Thor, you don’t know Thanos like we do,” Yaël starts to explain. “He manipulated us into working for him. He brainwashed me, took away my free will and made me cause destruction all over New York.”
He can’t let go of it, but he can’t get away. More and more beams make impact closer to him, and he’s blinded by many clouds of dust while he feels other creatures approach him, again. For some reason, his suit must have malfunctioned as his helmet is gone, meaning that the air around him isn’t exactly being filtered. Man, his lungs are so going to hate him for this.
That’s Steve who stops him from talking, and Tony snaps back at him through his teeth, feeling his face heat up in his anger.
Tony talks a bit about MIT. Not too much, just enough to make him at least believe he ever went there – which he did, obviously. It’s not too hard to convince his old man of his innocence. For some reasons, now that he’s older, he knows exactly which buttons to push with this man. That’s a trick he had never really mastered before, while the man was still alive.
powers unless you fill in tons of paperwork.” She actually lets out a small, bitter laugh at that, surprising Hilde a bit. Then she shakes her head, pulling up the remote control and starting up the television.
“Hey! You might wanna put that Time Sone in your back pocket, Doc!” he shouts. Strange slams his arms together until some weird orange circles appear around it.
Yaël, Gamora remembers. She looks unconscious. And pale. Gamora tries to get up, but she can’t manage.
He can’t much recall his parents’ funeral; he’d been five, and there hadn’t even been bodies to bury. Mostly, Peter had been scared and held on to Aunt May’s hand with tears in his eyes as he wondered when his parents would return and why they left in the first place.
Tony wants to laugh. He wants to cry. He wants to do so many things, but at this point, all he can do is step forward.
Feeling like he has to get out of there right away, Tony hurries back to Steve’s side, not at all even noticing how Howard turns to look back at him with a confused look.
It’s been so long ago, but the words are still fresh in Steve’s head. Bucky’s using Steve’s expressions against him. He can’t help but smile, shaking his head fondly at his best friend before pulling him into a hug.
Steve feels a shiver going through him. “How long?” he asks when the King stays silent, deep in thought.
The last part is Bruce. Steve sighs in annoyance that he can’t just find them. He nods once at Thor, and then hurries towards any of his other teammates. Anybody who can at least track the others. When he finds none, he asks for specifics.
“I know you’re probably very confused,” Tony starts, lifting his left hand as if to calm him down. There are no words Peter knows to speak. There’s nothing he knows to say, so he says nothing at all. He just stares at his Dad. If it even is his dad. It might as well be an imposter.
“We are.” Susan sounds sad and she looks over at her younger brother. Hilde knows the boy is good friends with the young Stark-boy.
Much to Tony’s pride, he sees Peter coming up, shooting one of his typical webs in Strange’s direction. When he catches him on the shoulder, it’s not too surprising that the teenager lets out an excited ‘yeah before realizing that he needs to hold on to something.
“We’re the Avengers, man,” the boy states proudly. Then Quill lets go of him completely and Peter takes a deep breath. A look of recognition passes over Quill’s face.
“Define lunch or be disintegrated,” the girl jokes. Tony holds up his hand and feels his mouth drop open. Where did she get that thing?
Hilde glances upwards when her screen signals her that there’s an incoming message. Quickly, she presses the button to accept the call, hoping it’s from the people on their way to help them. When she tries to look outside, all she sees is darkness.
She would never tell him, of course. It’s a bit weird to tell a kid like him that she starts to see him as a little brother, or maybe at least a younger cousin. She lets out a small laugh before averting her eyes only slightly. Automatically, they go onto the TV playing behind them. The restaurant they stopped in front of looks empty, the man on the counter leaning back to look at the news reel as well.
“Come on, Steve, wake up.” Tony shakes him by the shoulder. Steve’s eyes open carefully, and he looks tired and hurt all at once. He frowns once noticing what’s Tony’s holding. “If you lose this again, I’m giving it to Peter and Morgan instead.”
She hopes he’s alright. Hopes that he’s not going to do anything stupid. She’s already surrounded by stupid – not that she dislikes the rest of the group, but it’s true that they’re not the brightest people in the bunch.
“I got it!” Peter shouts at him. Hearing his voice, T’Challa looks over and throws the gauntlet into the air. With his spider webs, Peter grabs it away. He lands on an unknowing Chitauri – those bad guys from the first attack on New York, he remembers – only to be surrounded by even more of them.
“Can you imagine, that sweet girl we know used to be her?” Clint asks as he ducks out of another attack. Natasha chuckles breathily.
At the last part, he loses his voice and his legs begin to tremble. Steve reaches out for him to stop him from falling, and Tony throws himself into his arms. The sob that exits his mouth after is uncontrollable.
“Is that what I did?” Tony counters as he rubs his head again. It still hurts from his encounter with the Hulk, and he’s sure he’s bleeding again, somewhere. He’s always bleeding somewhere.
Hilde falls quiet. She has tried all she can not to think back of the invasion on the ship. She never allowed herself to think of Loki and Thor’s body just… drifting around in space, unable to arrive anywhere. Unable to be brought home and find peace.
“I’ll start up the escape pods, you go get Bruce, alright?” Hilde asks. Yaël nods, heading into the direction of where the Hulk is supposed to be. Hilde wonders, for a short second, if she’s not making the biggest mistake of them all by separating. But, she figures they don’t have much time. They need to hurry if they don’t want half of their people massacred.
“Hey, honey, uh,” Tony starts. There’s some sort of heavy sound around him, but he blames it on the noise through the phone. “Where are you now?”
“No, we don’t say that. Only Daddy says that word; he coined it, so it belongs to him.” He’s talking about himself, obviously. That doesn’t seem to hold Morgan back.
faster than it should as they try to reach Scotland as quickly as they could. Next to him is Natasha, looking at him with a worried look in her eyes. She reaches out a hand and puts it on Steve’s shoulder.
He hasn’t been in the lakehouse for long, but so fars he can say that this building is stunning. It’s surprisingly high-tech for its location; so clearly Tony in his attempt to escape his reality. As always, FRIDAY is with them, though she hasn’t said much since…
“The infection’s run its course, thanks to the blue meanie back there. You’d love her; very practical, only a tiny bit sadistic. Some fuel cells were cracked during battle, but we figured out a way to reverse the ion charge to buy ourselves about forty-eight hours of time.”
Wanda shakes her head. “Nu-uh, our cellphones are shut off, and we’re having a nice vacation without any worries,” she counters. Vision stops walking, turning towards her with that breathtaking smile on his face.
“It’s much like I expected; kind of boring, endless, dark.” Dr. Cho sighs. “But I’m rather here actually helping than on Earth where all I can do is wait. She needs me.” The doctor nods to the person behind them.
Jane and Thor had a daughter named Torunn about four years ago. She’s a sweet girl with golden curls, and she turns out to be just as strong as her Father. Then, two years ago, the twins were born; two boys named Modi and Magni.
“You’re too high up, you’re running out of air.” It hurts, to hear Peter gasp for breath the way he does. Tony tries all he can to go even faster, but it seems like that’s just not happening.
Oh, was this not the plan? Peter was pretty sure that he had to wait for an impact to jump into action.
“Not one single bit,” she admits. “Using the powers always took a toll on me. When I made fire, my body would go in hypothermia. Creating water would dehydrate me. Air speaks for itself.”
It’s just three words, but it’s enough to make Hilde’s entire body feel cold. And that’s when she sees the Quinjet land from the window.
He has no idea what’s going on. He rarely does when scientific stuff happens. He just stands there and nods, pretending to understand.
“Hey! You could at least help my friend out of that web!” Quill calls out after him. Peter stops in his tracks before returning.
They haven’t told each other the words, and if she’s completely honest she’s a bit scared to do so. Scared that if she says it, he’ll be gone, too. Like Pietro. Like her parents.
“We don’t. But the radiation’s mostly gamma. It’s like… I was made for this.” Bruce picks it up into his hands, but at long as he’s not actively using it, it doesn’t seem to bother him just yet.
“I know, right?” Finally, with a well-placed blow onto Yaël’s head, she’s down on the ground. Not yet knocked out, but Clint’s already on that. He shoot’s an arrow right at her face, which explodes so close to her that she loses consciousness instantly.
Earth. Brunhilde has never been there before. She wouldn’t mind, seeing what the fuss is about. She would even like to meet that ‘human’ Thor seems to adore so much. Loki mentioned her a bit earlier, and Hilde found herself intrigued immediately, because she must be a great warrior to catch the eye of Thor, right?
Gwen’s father was another matter; while the man hadn’t been too close to him, he had become an ally and helped him out, eventually paying that with his own life. In contrary to Gwen’s belief, Peter
Due to no act of his own, Tall Guy is pulled back by a pair of webs. Tony recognizes the sounds of those shooters, anywhere. His heart skips another beat, but right when he’s about to see Peter from behind the fallen soldier, Scott’s gigantic foot squashes the bad guy like a bug. Literally.
,” FRIDAY returns. Suddenly an orange flash passes him by, forming some sort of barrier that approaches the ship. All the dust that has been flying through the wind goes along with it, stopping right against the ship.
“Some time ago, your sister snuck aboard this ship to kill me,” comes from the larger man standing behind her.
“What’s going on?” he asks when he goes through the door. But just as everybody has entered, Steve closes it again behind him. Almost like he doesn’t want the other guests to know about this. “Steve?”
She looks at the people that had been on the ship, scattered around the place and glad to take another breath of fresh air. But there are children who have lost their parents and vice-versa. People who had to let go of their loved ones because they weren’t fast enough in the evacuation. Somewhere, Korg tries to keep everybody’s spirits up but it’s clear that it isn’t working.
But Stark being gone… she knows that’s enough to make Vision panic. Despite assuring them all that he’s
“What happened?” asks Steve in confusion. The debris around them really seems to have come out of nowhere. One moment, it had been light outside. Now, clouds have all gathered together and the entire place looks dark despite it still being the middle of the day.
When Peter’s getting too close to the hole in the wall, Tony starts flying up their way. He knows that his suit can’t handle the force for that long, so he needs to make sure that his boots hit the ground immediately. He can’t help but smile, though, when Peter gets surprised by the metallic spider-arms that he created into the suit.
“You could not live with your own failure,” Thanos starts. “And where did that bring you? Back to me. I thought by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive. But you’ve shown me that’s impossible. And as long as there are those that remember what was, there will always be those that are unable to accept what can be. They will resist.”
“Now, you, I never thought to be seeing you again,” Tony says while pointing at the third guest. He’s only met him twice so far, and both times they’ve been on opposite sides to one another.
“No, no, no!” she mutters out, tightening her grip on Yaël’s hand. She does not look good at all, covered by dust and ashes. At least she’s not burned, though that is honestly the most surprising thing right now.
Yaël turns her head in her direction, blinking once and opening her mouth before stopping and then closing it again. It seems like that was a good question, as she’s giving it a bit of thought.
“How does this monstrous device work?” he asks in annoyance, tapping his fingers hard on the holographic screen but getting nothing from it. Loki rolls his eyes before yanking the screen away from him.
“That Time Stone guy,” Natasha starts, pointing at the green-lit amulet in front of them. “What kind of doctor was he?”
It’s Rhodey who starts. As it stands, it’s been twenty-three days since Thanos came to Earth, which means that Tony’s calculations had been right.
“You don’t understand, you need to leave!” Loki urges on, apparently not bothering to keep his voice down.
“We’ve all grown up,” Natasha points out. She looks up at Thor, who, for once, isn’t eating on something. Instead, he’s throwing little rocks into the water. “Most of you even have kids. It’s kind of unbelievable.”
“You’ve made me very curious. Is it Banner? Or perhaps Barton? Though I don’t understand why they wouldn’t want you to take off your beard?”
But instead of rejoicing, the two start sobbing, instead, holding on to each other as the realization of what they’ve lost hits them.
“Hey, buddy,” he returns. Rhodey gasps in relief, storming past Peter to pull him into a strong hug. Tony lets out a surprised, yet amused sound. With his left hand he pats Rhodey on the back.
That’s when he sees the first sign of Peter dissolving as well. The first pieces of him moving up in the air. Tony refuses to acknowledge it and holds on to Peter, tightly. In turn, Peter clutches to him tightly while he sobs.
But Natasha is smirking as she looks over her friends. Excitement is fresh and clear on her face. “Guys, if you pick the right year, there are four stones in New York.”
“Say, Doc, you wouldn’t happen to be moving your hair, would you?” Tony suddenly asks. With the phone removed from his ear, he comes to realize that that heavy noise did not come from the phone.
Halfway putting it on, he can’t hold it anymore. With one arm in the sleeve, he lies down next to the helmet, slowly feeling his consciousness disappear. He’s aware that this might be the last one. The last time he’ll close his eyes. He should fight against it, but he can’t.
Trigger warnings: I do want to share these for this chapter. In case you don't want to be spoiled, I'm putting them in the end notes. But, please, if this stuff easily gets to you, prepare yourself by checking over the warnings.
Peter would be close to his friends; Ned would come over and watch a movie. Harry would be vague about his own project and maybe drop a hint that he went on another date with MJ. And then MJ would deny it, because she’s not dating Harry, obviously, why would anybody think that?
“Maybe we should get back, finish this whole thing and get done with it. The sooner we get the others back, the faster we can find some peace in our life.” It’s Bruce who suggests it. He’s pointing back at the compound, where they left the others to relax for a bit. The team nods, all of them getting back on their feet. Noticing that Thor is the last one to move, Natasha heads to him and hooks her arm into his.
“Somewhere under all this.” Tony sighs while looking back over at Thanos. How is he even here? Didn’t Thor kill him back in space? “All I know is he doesn’t have them.”
“You look exactly the same,” he points out. Peter blinks a couple of times, and then he opens his mouth again.
“You like going to the garage, huh?” Tony had noticed it early on. Whenever he was in there, Morgan found a way to sneak in as well and observe whatever her father is doing. He knows she’s interested in building things at well, and at her age he was already working on his engine.
Steve chuckles again, watching Tony as he shifts on the couch. “Tony. Trying to get you to stop has been one of the biggest failures of my life.”
“Carol Danvers,” Steve clarifies. “AKA Captain Marvel, according to Fury’s old files on her. Got her powers from the Tesseract, to put it shortly.”
He’s very grateful that his tech still works in this time. Even sans FRIDAY, the glasses help him find whatever he’s looking for, making it seem like he knows where he’s going.
“Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck Scale, which then triggers the Deutsch Proposition. Can we agree on that?”
“I don’t feel so good,” he says while he looks at his hands. Yet there’s no sign of Peter fading away, is there?
Eventually, Peter comes back to his senses. He moves his mask back on and sees Thanos chase his Dad away with an massive array of fire. Jumping into action, Peter swings up, webs up Thanos’ fist to stop him from closing it again, but he’s once again thrown aside. At least he offered enough distraction for another piece of wreckage to plow itself onto Thanos.
Morgan nods excitedly as she settles into bed with a large grin. Tony clears his throat and tries to think about what he could tell her. He’s rarely talked about Peter to her lately, but she must have heard him mention the kid earlier with Nat and Scott here.
“And I want you to thank him now,” Tony snaps back, pointing at Peter, who just looks confused at the mention. “Go ahead, he’s listening.”
Scott lang is waving at the camera; He’s standing in front of a brown van, looking like he hasn’t aged a day.
She supposes she should be grateful that the Avengers were there to take her in, even if, indirectly, the Avengers are the reason why she doesn’t have a brother anymore.
The idea of losing Peter, though… that’s unimaginable. He can understand why that woman back at MIT had been so angry at him as she shoved the picture of her son against his chest while waiting for an elevator. Or, she wasn’t waiting for an elevator. She was just standing there for dramatic purposes.
Tony sighs. “They are SHIELD… well, actually HYDRA, but we didn’t know that yet.” Rumlow and Sitwell take control of the situation, as they put the staff in a large case.
Thinking back of Howard’s own words, Tony quotes him without hesitation. “No amount of money ever bought a second of time.”
so real! So I thought, ‘maybe Steve is on the same page’, no? Maybe, somehow, our minds melted together in a way this night and we were shown something we both want or need, no?”
Eventually, without a way to get out, Peter gets surrounded by even more Chitauri and other creatures. The arms can’t seem to catch up, and they’re all piling up on top of him. Especially adding the massive explosions suddenly happening around of him.
“Whoa, the structure is polymorphic,” the young scientist says. She’s dressed in a flashy orange dress that looks more like a raincoat. It’s always been said that the Princess of Wakanda has a unique fashion sense, and she wears it good.
“Bruciebear? What are you doing there?” Tony suddenly asks. He waves at Pepper before walking up to the portal. He ignores Strange but rather just steps through it to face Bruce, who looks nervous. That’s never good.
“I’m okay, I’m okay,” he grits out through the pain. Thor holds up his thumbs, though he’s still prepared for anything. Bruce uses his other hand to raise his arm up. It takes a lot of effort out of him, and he screams even louder. Then, in just the flash of a second, he’s snapped his finger once, and he drops down on the ground. The gauntlet immediately comes loose and drops on the ground.
“Here’s an interesting story though. Many years ago, my grandfather had to hide the stones from the Dark Elves. Wooh, scary beings.”
“Are you about to say: ‘the Hulk’?” Loki asks. Hilde has noticed the uneasiness Loki has been carrying around the green giant. According to Thor, there’s some sort of past between them that did not end very good, and he felt the need to assure that the past had nothing to do with anything romantic, which Hilde hadn’t even thought of from the start. Sometimes she wonders if it was such a good idea after all to make Thor the King of a homeless group of people.
Tony wakes up from the sound of FRIDAY continuously telling him to do so. Sadly, the battle is still going strong. What he doesn’t expect to see at all is Steve, being a complete badass while using the combined powers of his shield
Steve, who must have heard the conversation behind him, activates his communicator and lets out a soft sigh. Wanda can see him in the corner of her eyes, but she doesn’t turn towards him. All she wants to keep her attention to is Vision.
Almost immediately, Bruce drops down on the ground. Light emerges from the glove, moving up all over his arm as the power surge starts overwhelming him. He’s actually grunting in pain, unable to move for a moment.
“It’s like my head is just… mush! Just the smallest hit and I lose everything,” she complains. Then she sighs, dropping her gaze. “Almost everything.”
