“No, not at all,” Sherlock rushed to assure him. “Between us, it feels natural.”
John’s jaw had become a bit unhinged, and returned to its normal position with a click.
“I wish there was a method,” he said, “that allowed you to store a memory, like a perfume in a bottle. It would never fade, and it would be true to the exact events as they occurred, with no bias or embellishments. And you could relive that moment exactly as it happened, as many times as you wished.”
Greg’s eyes drift to the side as he mumbles, “Er, nothing, really–“
But John’s heart was racing from more than just the prospect of driving the scouter; if he’d been sent out to identify the cause of the repeated damages, John had a feeling he was about to discover just that.
“That’s not surprising. Your pay grade wouldn’t allow you to get anywhere near where I’m from.”
“I—well. As you may have noticed John, there are some parallels between us, and how we thought of each other’s characters,” Sherlock explained, his breathlessness and parted lips at odds with the imperiousness of the words.
There were expensive things in the West wing he supposed, going unused. Stealing? That seemed unlikely. Magnussen didn’t look like he was in need of money.
me? You’ve met him, so to speak. Do you have any idea how overbearing and controlling he is? He left long ago to lead a rather ambitious human existence. I was planning on avoiding him. He’s probably only searching for me so I don’t blow his cover, which is also incidentally why he couldn’t do the searching himself. If anyone connected the two of us genetically, he’d be at risk for being poached himself I imagine.”
> Jesus. Those are needle marks, aren’t they?
It’s silent beyond what John realises is his own laboured breathing.
good.”
There was a blond man sitting next to Magnussen who caught his eye for a moment, as he was similar in appearance to John from afar, though it was unclear if they were together.  Sherlock had glanced at them for less than a second before turning back around, not wanting to draw attention to himself. And then, he had to face forward, knowing the two of them were behind them, enjoying the show. He was plagued with wondering why they would bother being present, and what they were planning. He hated not knowing.
In silence, they both stepped out of the car. Watson wandered closer to the edge to look out over the ocean, and he followed. While he was not sure why they’d climbed so high or come to this specific spot, he was well aware that Watson was no longer smiling.
Sherlock’s brows scrunched together in confusion. “What—? You’re not even looking.” Sherlock’s lip dipped, forming a small frown. “Behind you, John.”
“Of course he did,” Sherlock muttered.
“Because you will be. Very harshly judged. Just take the chocolate ones,” John said with a wink. “Show me you’re human.”
Once nude, Sherlock stood facing the corner of the room. With his back straight, to say nothing of his bare arse and a lifetime of legs on display, John’s earlier suspicion grew into conviction: Sherlock was nervous. That didn’t quite fit with the sex guide writer image, but perhaps this was simply another quirk of Sherlock’s personality, like not enjoying noodles when they touched his wontons.
As Wilkes turned, his face couldn’t seem to settle between surprise, aghast, and suspicion.
His deductions derail when Sherlock’s attention refocuses on a man standing almost directly behind him. He can just see him through the reflection in the dark glass. Straight back, stiff posture, clean haircut, tan that doesn’t go past his wrists – a military man then.
There was a pause, before John realized he wasn’t joking. “You’re serious. You’re not going to change into a bat.”
John at last turned to him, and any words Sherlock might have spoken died on his lips. They walked back to the library in silence, and closed the door behind them.
Lestrade was completely flummoxed. “What?”
“What?”
On this particular occasion, they were eating together in the mid-morning (they were always avoiding the busy times). By virtue of being seated with Watson, he’d been served one of the juicier cuts of beef.
He didn’t enjoy having the conversation at all. It would ruin everything between them. The easy nature of their friendship, the implicit trust John had in him, the feeling of it always being just the two of them—he was currently in the act of ruining all of it.
John has a high, soft giggle that Sherlock finds absolutely endearing. “You know I don’t know much about you, besides you being the hot guy on my train. I’d started thinking of you that way to be honest.”
John trailed off, but the implication was still clear. “God, no,” Sherlock grimaced. “You needn’t worry John. That’s not really my area.”
Sherlock moved a projected piece forward, effectively killing John’s queen. John sighed. “Another round?”
John imagined the last three words had been typed with extra emphasis, bitten off and demanding, not that it made John any more likely to tell.
Sherlock was staring at him in undisguised confusion, mouth turned down at the corners and a deep crease forming in his forehead beneath his fringe. “I did take it from a girl, as a matter of fact. I suppose you could also argue that it was her heart, but as she works at the morgue, she has enough to spare.”
The sex was better than none, but John thought a woman had to be a bit mad to want to be with him in any capacity at the moment, and maybe that was the next largest issue with this relationship. He lived in a bedsit. He hadn’t found a job yet, and when he eventually did, he already knew it would bore him. He rarely slept through the night. He slept in every day. He was spending his meager funds at an alarming rate. He had lost his calling. After creating that list in his mind, John didn’t know what any person could see in him. Maybe he should have been clinging to this one, actually. Maybe he should have been studying up after all, like she’d suggested.
Glad he hadn’t cut his nails too short on his last trim, John sunk his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. Gentle, he massaged. Sherlock’s head tipped forward. The slope of his shoulders slackened. John felt for the root of the hair, the soft scalp underneath all that volume, which seemed to be helped by quite a lot of product. Not that John could judge.
There was a growing warmth in John’s chest that he didn’t think was going to go away for a very long time. He leaned forward, pressing his nose into Sherlock’s dark curls. They smelled nice.
is the empathy?”
John said. He was over the tantalising cover that the sheet provided.
John’s hand on his stomach began to make a trail, moving from a gentle hold to a light touch along his skin beneath the water.
“Gladstone!” he shouted. “Come here!”
“John,” he whispered, “I can’t tell you how sorry I am that this has happened.” He kissed the back of John’s hand, but stopped there, not sure it would be welcome for him to go any further.
John and him were to dance then, in front of all these spectators. While planning the event, he might have entertained foolish imaginings of this moment, when he’d been excited for the evening like an idiot. He’d imagined him and John perfectly matched, gliding across the dance floor, everyone forming a circle around them to watch. John would, as he sometimes did, forget the need of his cane, and lead him beautifully. As John spun him slowly, they would catch each others eyes and never look away, as if they were the only two people in the room. He had always loved to dance.
The swift realization made him feel both stupid and terrified. He wanted John. He
he asked.
Greg winces slightly but lifts his shoulders in resigned agreement. “He’s done it before, hasn’t he?” He points out in the same appeasing voice.
Just as John thought he was maybe a bit done for, given that his skin was about to be exposed to elements it couldn’t possibly survive, he was saved by a sudden collision against the side of the ship, causing it to rock to the left. The small shuttle shifted back and forth for a moment, before settling once more, but the bot had paused in its disrobing of John and didn’t continue.
He moved to walk slightly in front of Moriarty, taking in every detail of the home as it was revealed to him. Perhaps he could do more exploring later when there were less curious eyes on him. Especially when this Moriarty was more preoccupied.
. As a result he sat next to Wilkes on the sofa, the only option left available to him. Sebastian grimaced at being so separated from Watson, but collected himself for their guest.
David’s gaze immediately fell upon John, who returned his look calmly. John was not a good liar, so it was lucky that a man about to accuse him of murder was the sort of thing that only made John exasperated. This caused David to appear as the more irrational, more emotional, and less composed of the two of them, and his agitation seemed to only be increasing.
“Right, yeah,” John said.
John replied, watching the man’s thrusts, and wishing more than anything in the world that he wasn’t.
“John.” Crow’s feet formed in the corners of Sherlock’s eyes from how hard he had them shut. “Please.”
He could see it too now, brought so terribly to life. He could see John devastated, sleeping in an armchair every night. He could hear John’s footsteps, the first step always harder, his weight being thrown onto the other, propelling himself up and down the library. John realizing what was happening to him, in the midst of his grief. John needing to ask for a cane. John unable to face anyone, but especially not himself. He’d been told the night before that Mary had been out, and he, rightly so, hadn’t been alarmed, hadn’t done anything. How that must have chewed at the man, eaten at his conscience. All the things he could have done or said differently - Moriarty a constant reminder that he’d known she was down there, and had done nothing.
Sherlock seized his opportunity, making his exit. He flew through the larger opening and into his own room, until realizing he couldn’t exactly turn in front of John. The only appropriate course of action would be to fly out his bedroom window.
When John leaned over the back of his chair, he could see the scorch marks left on the table where the remnants of the paper had fallen.
Lestrade stalled for a moment, looking toward John. “I take no issue with it. And it is conventional for something to be done in your honour.”
Sherlock explains to the ceiling. John follows his gaze so they’re looking at the same spot, a bit of nicked plaster above their heads. He wonders how that happened, then wonders if he even wants to know.
“You look fantastic,” he said honestly, and Sherlock giggled.
“Why go deeper into the past rather than play that fantasy out with me, whom you know much better?” Watson asked. It was the most put-out he had been the entire conversation. “You created a whole other version of me, for Heaven’s sake.”
“What’s the difference?” the Wizard asked.
No, Sherlock says. I suppose I don’t.
He didn’t have time to think about that right now, there were far more important things to consider – like how he could have let himself develop an attachment of this nature to a completely inaccessible man. Even without the difference in their relative social status, John was grieving for another with mind, body, and soul. John’s limp and hand tremor. His tension at the mere mention of his own family home. John staring out into the same ocean that had taken his wife from him, and slipping forward as if yearning for it to take him too. A man in such a state was not able to let go of a love easily, if ever.
“Another solo job I take it,” John said, leaning up in bed and starting to pull on his first base layer. BAK 2212 was cold this time of year, if he remembered correctly. The planet’s seasons changed at a faster rate than the home base’s calendar year; he’d experienced the equivalent of three BAK 2212 winters in the last few months. It seemed to be in a perpetual state of either autumn or winter, not that one could tell beyond the difference in temperature.
> What?
Though many would have considered it foolish, John didn’t hesitate to take his hand. “John Watson. And thank you for that. I don’t know if I would have left that encounter without a few bruises.”
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open slightly.  “You mean…?”
“You believe they collaborated?” The idea was intriguing.
John’s rapt attention shifts from Sherlock to Dr Davenshaw for confirmation, and judging by her expression, this hits home.
He ripped his hands from his body, and hastily rubbed the oil off against his nightshirt. “Thank you, Moriarty,” he called. “Good to know -”
> “I don’t know” is my answer to that question. Depends.
David shook the note slightly. “I’m telling you that Mary never sabotaged her own damn boat! If you want an alternate answer, I’ll tell you that I think Mary was murdered. Mary was murdered, and I’ll tell you who I think it was - he’s standing right bloody there!” David pointed the folded note at John with gusto, and the Colonel naturally turned his attention to John, surprise evident in his features despite not being an expressive person.
“I know, I know,” John said. Did he? he wondered now, if John knew.
Sherlock walked back towards the entrance, and John had no choice but to follow.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, his eyelids lifting, sluggish and dazed. John hadn’t stopped rubbing his scalp, despite his observation and ensuing dilemma.
Sherlock decided on telling the full truth, and then panicked and changed his mind, and then panicked again, and then settled on the truth once more. This all occurred within the span of one blink of John’s light eyelashes.
fun fact: I wrote half of this before I realized Irene was in the chapter, she wrote herself in. What can you do. See ya next week xoxo
Hopefully that would be distraction enough. He doubted Wilkes would investigate whether he was actually playing tennis.
It wasn’t a lie, John thought. It was true that the bots weren’t designed to withstand an alien regularly dismantling them.
The lady had the gall to look towards John, still at the base of the stairs, after she had been instrumental in ruining
Sherlock’s head rolled back again, and slowly, his three-pronged toes turned back to feet, and his scales receded and returned to hair.
Magnussen stepped closer to him. Sherlock could feel his breath against his cheek. It was fresh, but acrid all the same.
_______
John felt himself slowly drawn under by the opiate, but still a flash of panic lanced through him. He was stupidly attached to that book, and he couldn’t imagine why they’d have tossed it—especially not if a bullet had passed through it before him.
“That’s what we both like, isn’t it?” John replied, onto the third and last button. “That’s what you always say I crave.”
Sherlock blinked, a mere flutter of eyelashes.
Lestrade quickly left for the small room attached to do just that.
“But then, you saw me repair them,” John realized. “Why didn’t you approach me?”
The trick would be to protect John from the papers, whatever Moriarty might have planned, and the inquest, all combined. Not entirely a small feat, especially with respect to the reporters. Which reminded him, the paper from the morning  - he reached for it where he’d unceremoniously dropped it with the letters, having tucked it beneath his arm when he’d grabbed them, not even sparing it a glance. He had truly underestimated the speed of the vultures - the boat being found had of course been in the headlines.
> I don’t know about most people, but I like pleasing who I’m with.
But then it wasn’t the Captain from the portrait at all, whose face he couldn’t even recall. It was John Watson, dressed as the very same man. Watson even had to reach upwards to account for their difference in height. Watson had been shorter than him in reality, but while he was waifish, Watson was the personification of sturdy, reliable, well-built. He remembered this accurately in his dream, as he did anything that was important. He remembered that Watson had to look up to stroke his cheek, and to slide his small callused hands up into his hair. He dreamt that Watson spoke to him in his soft, strong voice, though he couldn't remember what was said. The voice was firm and calm, and he had believed every word.
If a small voice still whispered about chasing criminals, examining corpses, and relaxing in the evening to the sound of violin, he felt he was allowed some simple pleasures in the privacy of his own head.
He almost crowed in success; he had him.
“No,” John said, still staring at The Science of Deduction, personal blog of Sherlock Holmes. Just then on the screen, all the reporters’ mobiles at the press junket went off.
“If Mr Watson wanted anything done, I think he’d tell me,” Lestrade remarked stiffly, while bending down to tie his already perfectly tied shoelace.
“Well,” John said, brushing a thumb over one of Sherlock’s eyebrows, “you did tell me exactly how to do it.”
“I spoke to Moriarty yesterday,” he said instead, in a low voice.
“No, not Mr Watson, Mrs Watson. She had the boat down at the shore. Do you remember the evening a year ago, after which she never came back?”
“Who is it now?” John grumbled, before turning and seeing him. John’s posture immediately relaxed. His eyes seemed to soften, and a little smile grew across his face.
Sherlock didn’t react beyond spreading his legs further for John to fit between them, and his light eyes darkening, pupils like saucers. John, supplicated at the man’s feet, couldn’t help but think he probably looked rather pious. As his right hand mimicked his left in sliding up Sherlock’s thigh, John giddily thought he was quite done worshiping false idols.
John, leaving the gun behind, swung his legs over the side of the bed and shuffled across the floor to open the door. On the other side he found a visibly distressed Sherlock pacing in the minimal space afforded by the upstairs corridor. John looked on as Sherlock’s hands moved from his hair to his sides, repeatedly and rapidly.
Right. Emphasis placed on romantic partners being ill-suited for one another.
“Brilliant, yeah, that’s your best one yet,” John said, lowering his finger. “Your reflection Sherlock. You have one.”
“Please,” he said, tone bordering on snappish. “Don’t be polite on my account. It’s very
“Amazing,” Watson interjected.
The Sherlock and Janine of his imagination were still sitting in John’s chair, hands still roaming, Sherlock’s eyes dark, like in John’s dream, pupils blown wide.
John watched his face when he leaned back in, seeming anxious about Sherlock’s reaction. It was clear to him now that John hadn’t known, he hadn’t ever known how Sherlock thought or felt. John had only had brief, doubtful glimpses into how deeply Sherlock’s devotion ran.
“Go to the other door!” he cried, and Watson, trusting him implicitly, launched towards the exit furthest from the shouting. He followed closely on his heels.
When Sherlock returned to their wing, John was woken by his entrance, and his brow immediately furrowed, obviously wondering where he had been. John wore confusion like some men wore a bespoke suit. Sherlock wanted to see John confused over many things, and well into old age. “It’s done,” he said simply.
Sherlock hadn’t drank in a week. He never did on a case; feeding slowed him down. Even with his puerile drinking practices, he couldn’t allow himself even the chance of becoming… worked up.
Luckily the question Sherlock was most afraid of, and that he would not have known how to answer, John never asked.
“It was her last hurrah,” John said, with realization. “If she knew she was dying, and decided to take me down with her. But then… her doctor didn’t know anything about it. How was she dying? Was she ill?”
“Oh I believe I’ve found exactly what I was looking for,” she practically purred, extending her hand towards him “- the new bridegroom!” He bent to place a brief kiss upon it, but her hold on his hand was unusually strong, considering it wasn’t quite a handshake.
John had a feeling he was being made fun of. “And that made you want to take it?”
> But I’m your number one fan ;-)
“Yes John,” Sherlock began, their patronizing tone returning from wherever it had gone, “you’ve made me watch enough ‘6D’ Bond films for me to catch on to that particular nuance of your culture.”
He dressed with efficiency before stowing Watson’s note in its envelope inside his bedside drawer. Wilkes had a habit of barging into rooms unannounced, and he’d prefer to not have to explain the apology.
John’s hand tremor made a sudden reappearance, which John quickly hid behind his back.
“I swear, we would have left it alone if we could. I wish I didn’t have to tell you anything. But you see, the diver investigated the sailboat, and found that the door to the cabin and the portlights were closed. She looked into the cabin, and discovered it was full of water, likely filled by a hole in the bottom. And then, well, she saw more than she bargained for.”
“Watson,” he said, glad that his voice didn’t catch, “you would have fathered a child scandalously young for that to be true.”
John was even able to romanticize them further than he would have thought possible, and had started to jot down his daily summaries. “Hold on, I have to write this one down,” John would say, and clearing his throat, start on some silly tirade.
“She was seeing a doctor, perhaps even for her psychological issues. This may settle the matter once and for all.”
John found a log to sit on while Archie and the scarecrow entertained themselves; first, Archie played a reed he found to make the scarecrow dance, and then later played fetch with a stick. The scarecrow was happy to retrieve it, even though reaching the ground was a struggle.
Once within the safety of the study, and with the door closed behind them, he turned on the ball of his foot to face the two of them. “Mr Stamford I hope you’ll forgive me for inviting another man into your confidence, but I believe he will be of assistance.”
At the top of a precipice, two rams fight. Their horns crash and grip, evenly matched in battle, but one is more determined than the other, more ferocious, and pushes the other ram back toward the hill’s edge. This ram thinks himself brave. Or, so he did, till the other ram catches him unaware, slipping out from his hold and hitting him hard in his side, sending him tumbling down the mountain. Along his descent, the defeated ram scrabbles against the unforgiving rock to no avail, and is only saved when he lands on a small outcropping along the mountain’s side. There is some grass to eat and a puddle of water to lap, but not enough to last him for very long. There is ground to stand on, but not enough for him to have true freedom. He is injured, and limps about his small ledge in misery. When he runs out of grass and rainwater, even though his life has just been spared, he knows he will have to walk off the edge, and dash himself to bits on the rocks below.
John licked the head of Sherlock’s cock once, where there was surprisingly less fluid, causing Sherlock to gasp his name. John began to suckle on the head, and then, loosening his jaw, swallowed Sherlock’s cock down, running his tongue along the raised skin of the slits as he went.
The white sheet continued its journey up the man’s calf, and then the back of his thigh.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed in on the instrument as they sat up in their chair, letting out a single happy chirp. Sherlock immediately covered their mouth with one hand after letting the noise escape, seemingly annoyed with themselves. Their antennae however still twitched beneath their fringe, rotating in small circles.
“Or maybe all in black, with the white collar? I think a priest might suit you,” she murmured, shifting her look between John and himself. Now it was his turn to shoot her a look, though he had to admit, she was astute.
John at once released his arms, but it was only so that he could hug him tightly. John cupped the back of his head, and he let himself be led into the crook of John’s neck. John smelled more strongly there, warm and familiar.
John was unable to finish this thought, as then a plane crashed into the side of the castle, breaking through the brick wall to the left of the fireplace, which caused Mrs Hudson to scream, John to swear, and the dog to bark.
“If you wish,” Moriarty said. “It’s only for you to say.”
John considered returning to his flat, or a nearby skip to dispose of the weapon, but that measure of safety seemed unnecessary.
“Oh, I’m wicked with a crop,” she said with a wink. “And call me Irene, please.”
“And John! You made it back all right. I knew you would.” With a warm smile, Sherlock walked right up to him, and stood so close that John wondered if Sherlock might embrace him.
John almost expected an annoyed response.
“Yes, oh my God, of course she knows. It’s just -” John paused, leaning back in his chair, now that he was done hitting him with the news. “People just can’t help who they’re sweet on, no matter how unavailable the other person happens to be.”
John, flummoxed, repeated, “How could you possibly know my name?”
“Nice try, but not the question I asked,” Moriarty sang. “Clock’s ticking,
John huffed a laugh. “Going backwards in the conversation is hardly keeping up.”
Moriarty had been helpful the previous afternoon, arguably too helpful, and then had disappeared again as soon as he had the chance. It was not a difficult deduction to conclude that Moriarty wanted them to meet with this Murray, meaning Moriarty must have known what they would discover from the Doctor. But then - could Moriarty have always possessed the power to destroy John? And if so, why now? It didn’t make sense. Nothing made sense. Unless -
John ignored him, again.
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted, their brief frown suggesting they were irritated by the mistake. “I’d never heard you speak. Why would you make things that could communicate, but that you couldn’t speak to?”
John took one step, and they zipped past patchy grass into more—well, grass. John took another step, and almost launched them straight into a barnhouse. Another step, and John’s foot landed deep in mud.
The man smiled as if he thought John was being a bit clever, but not very.
endeavour to surprise you,” he said, lifting his chin in the air. Though he hadn’t the faintest idea with what.
Sherlock smoothed his hands down the front of the garment, feeling the dark blue wool through his gloves, and stopping to finger one of the gold buttons. He could own that it was perhaps ostentatious. It was almost purple, in certain lights. “It’s in fashion,” he defended, bottom lip jutting out. “Too much, I suppose?”
“Never,” John said, pulling Sherlock to face him at once, and kissing him till they were both gasping. “
And amazingly arrogant of her to assume she’d know better than the forger.
“We shall just have to be very quiet then,” John whispered, not letting his mouth trail away from Sherlock’s neck and jaw for more than moment.
“You see Mr Watson,” Magnussen said, savouring each word. “You’re going to sell me Manderley.”
“I got honey, so now you have to eat a bit of toast. Don’t think I haven’t noticed you threw out the one from this morning. And the day before that.” John’s further commentary on his eating habits devolved into grumbling, which not even Sherlock’s keen ears could make out.
> Christ. Yes, that’s an accurate interpretation of what I meant.
He eased himself further into the room, through the open door. The closer he came, the more obvious it was that the place was not inhabited. This room was not lived in any more. Moriarty could try to make it seem otherwise, but the flowers didn’t hide that old musty smell. She was dead. Mary had been dead now for a year.
“Moriarty is the… housekeeper?” Colonel Barclay asked, suggesting he’d hoped the ordeal would end with Anderson’s departure.
“Mmm, go on. What’s his mouth like? Is it filthy? Does he want me to suck him off, or is he more the type that likes to choke on a cock down his throat?”
It was Sherlock’s turn to be confused. “I beg your pardon?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Or so John hoped.
Something had in fact found
> And you can?
“So, when you said you had a spare room…” John trailed off, lifting his brows in question.
“You, John Watson. It’s always you. When I broke the bots you always came. And—! I was
“Let me guess,” Sherlock began once they were on the road. “They asked you about the boat, and how easily all of it could have been done. By the end of it, they decided Mary could have done it all herself, and that due to the holes, she must have done it to cause herself harm. They asked you questions about her mental state leading up to the event, but even if you answered that she had seemed fine, many people put on a brave face. Without anything else to go on, it would be the most sound conclusion.”
The sounds Sherlock was making were intoxicating, driving John absolutely wild. He was high off of being able to touch, and from just the act of being
Sherlock was hard.
“I killed Mary,” John said plainly. “I shot her in the cottage in the cove, and then I carried her body into the sailboat cabin. To make it look like an accident, I took the boat out and made sure it sank. Do you understand now? This is what I had decided to tell you, before I lost my bloody mind waiting for you to sort it all out. And this is why I can’t ask anything of you, not even friendship, let alone - anything else.”
John studies the bed frame, moving slowly further into the room till he is standing in close proximity to the back wall and facing out towards the door.
John, who had kissed him that morning. Well, his hair. John had kissed his hair.
“Oh, yeah,” John said, studying the reddish hairs. “Looks nice. Did you tint it?”
John holds the feather in his palm, unsure what has just happened. There’s no need to be like that. When the peacock saw the bird was faking, he was only impressed by the bird’s ingenuity. It’s not a sad story.
As they start to walk up the entrance pathway, Sherlock’s eyes are moving rapidly across the exterior of the house suggesting he’s memorizing it. In the past, Sherlock might have not come at all, instead putting his ‘best man’ on the job to take photos and report back.  Admittedly, considering this makes John feel less wistful for the Sunday lie-in.
“Perhaps you would like me to show you all over the West wing?” Moriarty asked, his expression changing, till he appeared almost manic with excitement.
After a moment, Sherlock bit his lip and said, “John, would you like to see where the black part of the wheel goes?”
> Er, right. Yep. Let me rephrase, that disproves my assumption.
“I’m not sure if you’ll be able to help me Doctor,” his patient said as he felt her forehead, feeling a slight fever. “I think I’ve had a spell put on me by one of those wizards wandering our streets. Or, maybe my heart’s been eaten without my knowing it.”
“Would you think it possible a trespasser would go unnoticed in that cove? Was it not a quiet area?”
That meant two bedrooms, for three people.
Down the long hallway, John could see the black forms of wizard’s henchmen coming around the corner in response to the shout, wearing soldier’s uniforms.
We should keep each other safe, John wanted to say, but Sherlock had already dropped him to the ground and flown off over the door. John hurried back into the castle, tripping on the carpet in his haste. From the floor, John kicked the door closed behind him, and a few seconds later, henchmen could be heard smacking into it.
Between their two bookcases, the fireplace was lit. Sherlock could scarcely remember a time when it wasn’t, or a time when Watson wasn’t sitting across from him, indulging in a pipe with one of his ridiculous romantic novels on the side table. In Sherlock’s strange visions of the future, that had not been the case. He found he much preferred his current situation where he had Watson all to himself, cocooned in their own little world.
“What? Why?” John reached up to touch the back of his head on instinct.
“Of course you don’t provide a bloody description,” John muttered, again attempting to override the alarm to cut off the sound. John could connect to the Hudson’s line, at the very least.
“You’ll regret covering for a murderer you know,” David directed at Sherlock, as he donned his hat, put off by his perceived ill treatment. “Your life story in the papers won’t be very pleasant for you. My associate will make sure of that.”
“I know my way,” he replied, gladly taking his opportunity to leave the other man.
He watched John’s fair eyelashes blink. “You mean about you not being dead?”
“Will you be entertaining much at Manderley, Mr Watson?” they would ask, and his answer, always the same, “I don't know, John hasn’t said much about it up to the present.”
The irony of making John see the ghost of his dead wife on the evening of the ball he had planned to make him forget about her was not lost on him. His plans had spectacularly failed.
He jumped into the pools forming on top of the rocks, humming to himself. The beach was decidedly changed from when the tide had been in. Less intimidating, considering he estimated that there was only around three feet of water in the harbour. Still deep enough for a three-tonne boat to float in the dead low water.
His mind conjured an image of John and Mary out on a moonlight picnic, and then after, pretending they were young lovers meeting each other illicitly at a boat-house. Using the cottage for purposes that made the staff a bit hesitant to discuss.
Watson’s head dipped towards Sherlock’s recently returned tailcoat.
“I like being alone,” he replied, putting his hands behind his back, not interested in rising to the jibe.
cut through his internal flagellation. His eyes drifted, moving from place to place before settling on the fixed point provided by John’s open, worried eyes.
Sherlock could not have been more changed from the awkward young man John had seen something in months ago in a Monte Carlo hotel drawing room - he was now by far the flashier of the two of them. Overlooking John was foolish, of course, but of benefit to them for the present. John seemed to delight in it, thinking the attention was now rightfully focussed on Sherlock. John was of course wrong in this, but whatever helped keep them from attention, and John by his side. And so, they became Holmes and Watson, husbands in crime solving.
John hushed him, and moved forward on the chaise lounge till he was within reach to kiss Sherlock’s forehead. “For one, you didn’t get it all wrong. All those other incredible things you figured out along the way were right. Your brother even had an eye on them, so truly top marks.”
“The client was a chain smoker, amongst other things,” Sherlock said, with a nonchalance not reflected in his body language. He finally turned to face John, who reluctantly met his gaze rather than focusing on the backsplash.
Lestrade cleared his throat. “That suit looks fine. Makes everyone else here look like an absolute nutter.”
He felt his forced smile start to drop at the corners. He had forgotten how handsome John had looked, his hair neatly arranged, his eyes shining brightly. The expression John wore was inscrutable. There were many times when John became unreadable to him, but this was the worst of all, as he had never more desperately wanted to know what John was thinking. John eventually swallowed, and ducked his chin, before looking out across the room once more.
Wilkes mashed his cigarette into bits while turning up the first card from the top of the deck.
“You sure?” John asked, doubtful. But, he was also bone tired from the pain in his chest that day, and didn’t much like the look of the sagging sofa.
He wished it were so easy now.
“And he wants to marry you in a few days, with hardly any witnesses. It’s good for you that you haven’t much family to ask questions, though Lord, when your brother finds out! I’ve been sending him letters saying the trip’s been absolutely boring, and you’ve been up to barely anything. Collecting dirt, I told him. He’ll probably want to skin me! Well, it’s nothing to do with me any more of course, I wash my hands of you. I do wonder what Watson’s friends will think, but I suppose that’s his trouble. You realize he’s years older than you?”
“And Robert?” he asked, soon about to exhaust his memory of people’s names.
And the only assistance John offered was to move out of Sherlock’s way when he barreled back over to the door. It was still bolted from the outside. Not much he could do from the inside. He jostled the door a few more times, just in case.
“I assume you’ve also been summoned to serve the Queen?” John asked, attempting to distract her from realizing who the dog was. “I’m surprised you’ve shown up, given your past relationship with royalty.”
When he entered the library, he found John standing by the window with his back turned. He watched him for a moment, enjoying the sight of him. John had shed the trappings of his outside clothes, never one for wearing suit jackets. He leaned on his cane to one side enough that the muscles along his shoulder stood out against the thin, white shirt.
He lifted his water to look at John over the rim of his glass. “Don't you want me to look older?” he asked.
“There’s a decent number of years between us. I didn’t let you wait, or think it through - you could have married someone your own age. Instead of someone with half his life behind him.”
“I don’t give a damn if the ghost wants to watch,” John growls into his neck, causing Sherlock to start a laugh that is quickly cut off by John’s mouth.
Sherlock did, a bit. He remembered being given benzodiazepines, as John had said, in lieu of being physically restrained. Perhaps that at least was a plus, though it had never been his drug of choice. “I’m not at risk for seizures and I’m fine now, so why don’t we—” He looked around; there had been more people with them before. “Where is Mary?”
“John, he will have you killed.”
“Ta for that,” John said to the scarecrow. “But I’d better head back in.”
For one long, silent moment, they merely stared at one another. He couldn’t determine if what he detected in Moriarty was anger or curiosity. This was made more difficult by Moriarty promptly slipping on his usual mask once their eyes had met.
> I might be, but as I’ve said, I like that. Besides, I’m not sure you can avoid it.
The clock ticking on the wall was a comfort. He was able to ground himself in reality via that reliable steady sound.
Only, there was more than one kind of harm, which became apparent when John caught sight of the black scale on Sherlock’s forearm, which Sherlock was currently pressing to his side, in order to hide it from John’s line of sight.
> I bet you don’t. I bet you like the ones with chocolate on one side.
John would have bet a large sum of money that the messages all read
“You’re being drafted.”
“Mr Watson, you yourself have confirmed, along with the doctor, that your late wife’s body was found in the cabin, with its door shut. Is that still your statement?”
Sherlock thought of the book of poems he’d once stolen from John’s car, in which Mary had purposefully used his middle name to annoy him, and mocked his trapped state with their pretend romance. He had never interpreted an object so incorrectly in his life.
“Thank you, Ms Hammersmith, that will be all!” was called back over his shoulder, careless and pleased. John offered a stiff smile and a nod to Ms Hammersmith, before crossing the street after his strange new acquaintance.
“Don’t you?” The quip was asked with one eyebrow artfully arched in disbelief. “The gun-powder stains on your fingers say otherwise.”
On a handful occasions he performed the duty of calling on others himself, as was expected of him as husband to Mr Watson of Manderley. He had thought paying his respects without John would ease his anxiety, as the possibility of someone reminding John of Mary was otherwise ever-present. This had the unfortunate result of encouraging them to dare to touch the subject, or more so than they ever would if John had been there.
He’d been about to say ‘more like Mary’.
“I know,” John said, looking at him when all eyes were on Manderley. “I know.”
“I’m sure whatever you’re planning is more than suitable, today and all days in the future, good day Moriarty - ” he tried to say as quickly as possible.
His homeless network, a charming collection of stray cats, only liked to speak to him in his other form.
No sarcastic remarks were forthcoming. And John planned to keep it that way.
Despite not having the cash for it, John hailed a cab. Sadly, it was not one driven by a would-be genius psychopath. That would have been too easy. Instead he had apparently picked the most directionally challenged cabbie in all of London who also had a terrible fondness for the busiest roads in the city. John eyed the time on his mobile like a hawk as he watched the minutes tick by. He had no idea how long it would take for Sherlock and his cab to get to the college. When he finally arrived at the college, John paid without a word, lips pressed tightly together.
ending that John had wanted to change, and he was still stuck. Physical distance was almost as bad as reading the words on the page.
John feels somewhat less lost.
Sherlock peered at a smudge beside the number. It looked like it might be an ‘M’. But then, every bloody thing Mary wrote had an ‘M’. “John,” he said, holding the diary out. “What would you say that smudge most resembles?”
This was reckless, ill-advised, and arguably insane, but John didn’t care one whit. One encounter, and John was already captivated by that tentative grin, and the gold specks glowing just beneath the skin.
This realization caused John to momentarily still. He was lying on top of something that matched the colouration of the crater around him perfectly, but which he could feel was different from the ground even through his suit. And he felt certain that, whatever it was, it was alive.
Wanting to confirm if it really was the same room reproduced, John walked towards it, but was stopped by Sherlock’s hand reaching out to snag at his sleeve. “John, look.”
“I suppose Jim does, yes,” he replied, noncommittal. He imagined John relied on Moriarty’s overseership of the place more than he knew.
He had to give David credit for using the one ending parry that could actually sting.
“I personally don’t think I’d care much for Palm Beach,” Watson said while blowing out the match.
That was his name, after all.
“Okay,” John said, and debated whether he should be worried. That hadn’t been something necessary for them to return to base, was it? John wondered for one desperate moment whether, now that he had shown he was no longer playing dumb, Sherlock was going to keep him from telling home base.
It was exhilarating and, for the first time since being cursed, the wound in John’s chest felt healed.
sex. Namely Sherlock’s almost suicide, which John had only just managed to prevent.
“I hope your valet has unpacked your things, Watson?” Wilkes continued to prod.
As they began their walk, he made sure to match John’s pace. He wanted to be as far removed from Harry as possible.
“John, I know this is tiring, but it will be so much worse in court,” Sherlock said, but he dropped the matter, realizing he was exhausting John unintentionally. He reached out across the small distance between them to touch John’s knee, and John smiled back faintly, covering his hand with his own.
After a pause, John continued his line of questioning. “So, you have—parents?”
He noticed John shoot her a sharp look, not that she was facing him to see it. Was John... jealous?
“I will have to stay with her,” John said, continuing the important bit of the conversation. “As you orchestrated that, I’m sure that’s not a surprise to you. It won’t be too hard to hide in plain sight, either. She thinks I’m even more of an idiot than you do. Plus she’s an egomaniac. The last thing she’d suspect would be for me to have not actually forgiven her. She thinks people can’t resist her manipulation.”
John had known of his feelings, and felt sympathetic for another soul burdened by unrequited love. John could never love another, so what did it matter if he took pity on the poor thing? There was nothing left for John Watson in the world of love. This was exactly what he had always suspected – John Watson’s endless charity.
“You always knew there was a risk to these missions,” the man responded without even a flicker of guilt in his expression. “I imagine that’s why you got into this business. That, and you like to look after things, don’t you? With technology surpassing the need for humans involved in medical intervention, you look after bots. How quaint.”
?” Sherlock asked, clasping his hands behind in his back and holding his chin high. “This little game?”
And there, in the middle of a gentleman’s drawing room with the door unlocked, Captain Watson kissed him. A slight press at first, and then when Sherlock responded with a thrilled gasp, Watson’s open mouth slid over his own. Sherlock was certain there was excellent technique at play, but he could not do much more beyond kiss the man back and think to himself with flustered excitement,
“I’m sorry, who are you? How do you know my name? I don’t just look out my window all night, young man—”
“You’re going to bring him up here?” he asked, feeling somewhat alarmed. He’d been so nervous for so long of Sebastian finding them out. He supposed Wilkes would really need to know now, however. He wished he didn’t, Sebastian had a way of ruining anything good.
John drifted down to his previous position, his hands returning to Sherlock’s thighs, feeling the bespoke trousers, and the heat underneath. A warm, real man, underneath all those trappings.
“I’m hardly keeping it from you, as I will tell you now that you’ve asked — and why on earth would you list the unsolved ones?” he exclaimed. John would be annoying and choose to remember the ones he had admitted to not knowing the answer to.
John paused, waiting for Sherlock’s eyes to widen, and for Lestrade to be looking away from his hands.
> Can I at least get your name.
He realized that at some point he had moved very near to Watson. He had tilted his face down and towards Watson to speak, as if not wanting to be overheard. Most people reacted poorly to their personal space being invaded, but if anything Watson had only moved closer in response.
Would John even be in his room, he wondered. Of course he would, John always avoided the early breakfast crowd. He was breathing hard by the time he arrived at the correct floor, which in combination with his hand coiled into a tight fist banging on the door made quite a lot of noise in the quiet hallway.
The man had just given John his name, and his home address. After having phone sex with him.
“No—no, actually. Fuck that. Am I crazy?” John asked.
Mike’s box-like outside frame was still mostly intact, and the alien began by opening the front panel. The alien paused after completing this task and, to John’s momentary horror, the alien’s stomach began to concave as stubs grew out from the sides of their torso. The stubs shortly turned into another set of arms, hands forming at their ends, and the creature’s upper body thinned as if to allow for the redistribution of its mass.
One of the hotel staff knocked once before entering with a trolley of breakfast, and began setting the small table near the entrance. John had not been planning on meeting him this morning then.
“You see John, I’m not the only one... interested in what might be on BAK 2212. Originally, the planet was only monitored by our company, but as of very recently there was a breach in security.”
Before John could openly protest, Sherlock had already turned on his heel, and was on his way to the car. He slid into the driver’s seat and started the engine with the keys he’d swiped from John earlier in their conversation. With a twinge of regret, he pulled away from the kerb just as John approached the window, calling his name. He was sorry for it, but there wasn’t time to dally with John and the Colonel --  he needed to know
” Sherlock drew out the word in annoyance, still distracted. They kept alternating between staring at John, and looking away.
He woke when he climaxed, gasping and soaked with sweat (and other emissions). He realized he’d been lying face down, and grinding himself against his bed. Oh God,
> Okay. How old are you?
Craning his neck to look up into a face as intriguing as its owner’s manual on how to work your way into his body, John knew he was in for it. Had he ever had a crush on someone like this, someone he hadn’t even met before—hadn’t even seen yet—in his entire life? No, absolutely not, but apparently, it was never too late to start.
Another two weeks passed before John heard from Greg again.
Sherlock’s gaze on him was intent, as if the bleak description of his symptoms were truly fascinating. “And where did it hit you?”
asked. “What I wanted was... to see the real Sherlock Holmes.”
John learned to choose the matters he pressed Sherlock on with care, as the response to his questions was either more explanation than he knew how to process, or absolute silence. Asking about a purple bottle hanging from an overhead beam by string resulted in a lecture on the magical uses of soot. Asking about where the black part of the wheel led caused Sherlock to stand from his chair and announce they were going out.
When a shadow at last drifted over John’s shoulder, prompting John to twist around till he faced the sneaky, bean-pole of a man behind him, John made two important discoveries.
Nothing piqued his interest, until he saw perhaps the most erotic Marie Antoinette to ever have graced a fancy dress ball in polite society in any of her many revivals. Yards of purple gown ballooned from a narrow waist, leading up to a plunging neckline, and hair piled high atop her head. It was of course none other than the esteemed Lady Norton. He broke away from his role of smiling, welcoming master at John’s elbow, and pushed his way through the dancers.
“I see you’ve heard of me,” Magnussen commented. “Are you interested in the newspaper business, Mr Watson? ”
Watson spoke playfully, but underneath it was something dangerous. This was the same man who had sprang into action at the barest hint of a cry, the man whose callused hands said he knew how to kill.
The few liquor bottles kept in the flat had always previously been kept underneath the sink. John had needed to search for this particular bottle, only to find it relocated in one of the cupboards.
, not that you ever called me. Oh, but Molly will be stumbling into another one very shortly - oops - she’ll probably even think it was actually her fault. Can you imagine? Thinking everything was all your fault? Poor John Watson and his little spat with
He was now at full attention, attuned to the possibility of any careless word or conversation that could bring John back down into his memories, and cause him to be as strung out and wrecked as John had been that day Harry had visited. He had known the implications of Mary’s death and the circumstances surrounding it before, but had still heedlessly brought John’s attention to the unpleasantness too many times to count. He had acted like a reckless child, and if he were to ever fight back against John’s demons, he would need to grow up. He could be the partner John needed, he was certain of it.
“The cocaine. Still in my system,” Sherlock said as explanation. He was only able to parse out small details at a time. That was likely due to the benzos. Under normal circumstances, he would hate stating the obvious.
The alien’s antennae rotated in response, but they didn’t hesitate to climb into the passenger seat of the scouter, leaving space for John near the controls.
Lestrade hesitated a moment before replying, looking somewhat troubled. “Yes, the Manderley ball was generally an annual affair. Everyone in the county came. A lot of people from London too. It was a big spectacle.”
After the removal of the dying floral arrangements, he returned to the writing desk. His eyes fell upon that day’s menu, placed neatly by his chemistry set, and found a simple list of cold foods easily identifiable as leftovers from the ball. Sherlock realized the ball would have been the last time John had eaten a hearty meal. A cold lunch after the morning they’d had? That simply wouldn’t do.
“That’s not what I meant, though yes, you offering is different, and too self-sacrificing
“Hmm, fair enough,” Lady Norton agreed easily, before she leaned in close to his ear to say, “- though, it wasn’t just the one.” She smiled before brushing past him to exit the gallery hall, her hips swaying as she walked.
The Royal Wizard appeared puzzled by the question. “What do you mean?”
‘Hi, not that you know me but, in a little bit you’re going to play a suicide game with a cabbie cause you’re bored, and I was wondering if you could maybe not?’ Right, yeah.
He felt his brow furrowing. John meant -
John’s hairline lowers in surprise and presumably interest. He licks his lips causing his tongue to come in contact with Sherlock’s skin briefly and asks, “A consulting detective? Who do you consult for? And what exactly have you deduced about me?”
“Jesus, what holes in the carpet? And what do you mean, like a servant?”
John Watson didn’t mock people who were at a clear disadvantage, as Sherlock was in this situation, thus it must be … the good … smiling?
Sherlock’s mouth grew into a V-shaped smile, and their eyes shone with so much tired fondness that John thought he might burst.
“Sorry for the mishap,” Moriarty drawled, entirely unapologetic. “It hadn’t occurred to me that Mr Watson had broken it himself. Perhaps, if such a thing happens again, Mr Watson could inform me to save everybody a lot of… unpleasantness.” Moriarty glanced at him only at the end of the statement.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, I mean—” Sherlock’s face screwed up, the kind of expression that made John to warn him that his face might stay that way if he kept it up. “It’s mine too.”
“Are you feeling better?” John asked, with more urgency than Sherlock thought was warranted. “Well enough to have a chat, I mean?”
“Yes?” Sherlock prodded, crossing their remaining arms against their chest.
Sherlock kissed back shyly at first, and then with a fervent and almost sloppy eagerness. What began as sweet and hesitant swiftly escalated to hard and fast as they both wrapped around each other as tightly as they could manage. Sherlock made small noises in the back of his throat every time John’s tongue touched his, and every time John gripped him harder. John had never been more delightfully surprised by any other turn of events in his entire life.
“No,” Sherlock said, eyes boring into John’s, making John feel as if he were meant to be taking far more away from the explanation than he was. “I suspected the culprit was much closer to home and told her so earlier today, but she refused to believe me. I understand people prefer these sorts of accusations with more proof behind them.”
From there on, they hashed out the questions as Sherlock expected. From having just watched four previous inquisitions conducted by the Coroner, Sherlock was able to predict each question with reasonable accuracy, and mouthed the words along with him as they were asked. Had the boat ever capsized before? Did it take great proficiency to sail? If Mrs Watson had gone to the cabin for a shawl, could the boat have tipped while - ?
Sherlock begins to rip the paper to shreds. He wonders if eating the pieces would make Mrs Hudson
He began to unpack his personal things that had already been brought up to the room with an enthusiasm he would not normally have for the mundane task. He supposed he was meant to ring for a servant to help him, but he wasn’t sure he wanted anyone going through his things. He wasn’t used to other people being so involved in his business. They might tamper with something important.
John sent the email, and everything was starting to feel a bit warm and fuzzy about the edges. Maybe he shouldn’t have been having this conversation while buzzed. His recent poor health had left him with a much lower tolerance, if he couldn’t even handle a scotch or two.
Moriarty drew away from the window abruptly, and stepped toward him. Before coming too close, he gave him a wide berth, walking along the foot of the bed. Once again he felt spun in, the spider finally home to claim the prize from his net.
John was smiling at him again, pleased perhaps by him being pleased. It was a cycle of smiling at one another, happy for the other’s happiness.
Reminded of how excellent an idea that was, Sherlock proceeded to leave John alone in the conversation by scurrying off to his bedroom.
John stopped walking. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?” His voice was low. John was restrained, or attempting to be anyway. Always so restrained.
John had the presence of mind to put the broken door back into place behind him, before turning to stare. It made no sense that a living area of any kind could exist within the heap he had seen from the outside, but then, it was magic after all.
Sherlock heard John rush to the kitchen soon after, hastily turning the gas off to the burner, and (rather inconsiderately, Sherlock thought) binned the degu legs.
“Christ, Sherlock!” John cried, turning away from him for a moment in anger, before swiftly facing him again. “I don’t bloody think like that! I’m not like you, I don’t have double and triple motives for every little thing I do!”
“Tell me,” he gasped, as John licked him again from root to tip.
John paused long enough in his groping of Sherlock’s bum to remember that Sherlock had never slept with Janine, and that there was a very definite possibility that Sherlock had never slept with anybody. And here John was, pawing at him like an animal.
They stood there, facing one another outside the door of her room. He couldn’t look away from Moriarty. He couldn’t tell if there was true hatred there, or if he was just a plaything to the man. Someone’s vulnerabilities to expose, and to press into, just to watch the bruise form.
“—you haven’t told me anything. Hey!” John resorted to jogging to catch up.
There was nothing to be done with his rumpled suit, but he fussed a bit with his hair in the mirror. He didn’t have time to change, he wanted to see John
“Hmm. Aren’t you?” Sherlock eyed John’s leg.
“Shit, did I hurt you?”
“I think I’m looking at him,” John said, speaking slowly, testing the waters. “But then, I can’t know for sure. Not unless…”
Watson inhaled deeply. It caused one side of his nose to slide upwards in a way that was both angry and endearing. Watson pulled to the side of the road, and stopped the car.
John cleared his throat, and turned to Lestrade, ending their brief connection. “Well done Lestrade,” John said, smiling tightly. “We have an address then?”
He shifted. Molly, which was apparently her name, being interested in him was unfortunate. He wouldn’t wish unrequited love on his worst enemy. Especially as he imagined that when John said ‘unavailable’, in his case he meant ‘deceased’.
John Watson’s life became a monotony of waiting in the wake of his wife’s death, as a part of him was convinced he would eventually be discovered. John, not unlike the estate he was overseer to, was a dead weight, barely self-sustaining.
(See the end of the chapter for
“ I never told him,” he said, though he didn’t imagine his loyalty on that subject mattered.
> :-) I think I know whose scalp this is referring to.
“All right!” Sherlock cried out, “so I may have also had...
“Yes. That, and you’re also a bit of a -” he pauses, not entirely sure what he’s doing or saying, “- a danger slut,” he says feeling brave enough to reach out and run his hand down Sherlock’s chest, looking up at him in the little light afforded to them.
“Did Mrs Watson keep a diary?” the Colonel asked Moriarty. He nodded, and Sherlock felt sick.
He was attached to John Watson. John was currently with him almost always, and he wanted it to continue indefinitely. John was necessary. John had to stay.
the man signed,
Sherlock’s only response had been to squirm, his coy smile slipping into an open mouthed gasp as John began grinding against his arse. Sherlock frotted against the bed, stimulated but frustratingly covered up, with John whispering very bad things in his ear throughout -- until John finally did follow through on rucking his shirt up.
” John’s voice devolved into a low growl by the end of it, really not sounding much like Sherlock at all.
“Lovely motive, still considered breaking and entering - however, there won’t be any trouble, I just want to ask you some questions,” he said, holding his hands out in what he hoped was a placating gesture.
Dinner passed in similar fare, with vapid conversation, and adequate food that he barely ate. Women attempted to engage him in dinner conversation, which he avoided with a lifetime of developed deftness. His host and hostess didn’t call on him to speak, or draw attention to his profession, thankfully.
He hesitated, still standing on the last step of the stairs. This was all not - not at all what he had -
“Sherlock, did you hear me?” John asked. The sound of his voice was muted.
As if reading his mind, John spoke in what was perhaps an attempt to remedy the situation.
John’s voice was laced with concern, which had not been Sherlock’s intention. Sherlock cracked open one eye, and John’s face flooded with relief - the kind of half pleased, half annoyed expression Sherlock often inspired in his husband. All and all, he thought his plan had worked out rather well. Instead of exposing that John had despised his first spouse, they had brought to everyone’s attention that John adored his second.
Which may have been a mistake.
Sherlock’s head snapped up from the book. “What?”
“Oh?” Watson asked, the timber of his voice higher than he’d ever heard it. Watson cleared his throat before continuing.
John looked like he couldn’t decide whether to be concerned, or to take the piss. He glanced down at his forearm. “Is the arm not good? I thought maybe the neck, but then you said all the stereotypes were out the door…”
“Oh, God,” John said. He had expected John to maybe turn and discretely make a face at him about what sounded to be a petty dispute. Instead, John sounded rather genuinely distressed.
Mass transfer for a psychosomatic injury. Well, John supposed, it couldn’t hurt.
“When someone asks if we’re together now,” John said, one finger slipping beneath the band of Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms, “I don’t think I’ll lead with that, no.”
John whistled, though it warbled through the helmet. “God, that must have taken ages.”
“Do you think he made it out?” Sherlock wondered. If John was surprised that Sherlock wasn’t able to tell, he didn’t show it.
Murray appeared no less confused than before. “I would love to help you, but I’m sure I would remember if Mary Watson had been a patient of mine,” Murray said, directing the last remark at John, who bowed his head in response.
He did not go back to the party. He couldn’t understand how the event could even continue, after that display of insensitivity and ensuing awkwardness, something he was usually the one to blame for.
If there was to be innuendo thrown at him, he put his foot down at acting the part of the blushing bride.
John described their first meeting in the same way he might dip a single toe into bubble-surfaced bathwater. He wasn’t daring enough to step in all the way just yet, not till he knew how warm his welcome would be. The blog post was complimentary enough to hint at his interest, while ambiguous enough to get away with it. John thought he knew when he was flirting with someone, but Sherlock wasn’t like other someones. Besides, it was possible that after meeting him, Sherlock was only interested in friendship, or a doctor to assist in his work. Or, rather, muscle to help out on cases, given the assistance John had provided.
John did; it meant he had to travel all the way to the moorland entrance. He didn’t like it, but he would have to trust Sherlock.
“Hullo Jim, there you are,” Magnussen said. “All your precautions were for naught it seems. The master of the house was hiding behind the door.” Magnussen’s mouth didn’t smile, but the look in his eyes suggested that he found it all very entertaining.
Next to him on the floor is a dog with curly dark hair and the scarf he’d removed from Sherlock’s neck last night.
There was always something.
“That was … amazing,” John praised in response, and truly meant it. “Honestly, quite impressive.” He smiled, laughing slightly.
David, with a nervous sort of bluster, pulled a note from his pocket. "Mary wrote this to me only a few hours before she supposedly killed herself. Read it for yourself and tell me if it sounds like the person who wrote it was about to commit suicide.”
“I’d always thought you just didn’t notice when I left,” John said, voice low and amazed.
His tone was careless, but acted as a firm reminder of his place. As per usual he was not to be involved in the conversation. This was partially because his social skills left something to be desired, but mostly because Wilkes preferred to be the center of attention. Brandishing his position above another person also allowed him to appear more impressive, or so Sebastian imagined.
“Whatever it was you were thinking, stop it immediately. I was born, like you, the creation of two people. Very much like any other heterosexual family unit.”
For a horrifying and confusing moment, he thought he’d heard Moriarty say “Mrs”.
do you always just know things like that?” John said, a bit thrown by the sudden change of topic. “And no, I havent.”
Maybe Wilkes was finally being sincere with him, but this was not the kind of honesty he needed or wanted. Perhaps this was a taste of his own medicine, after all the people whose insecurities he’d aired in the past.
The morning and afternoon passed quickly with last minute setup, and then Harry and Clara arrived early, driving up in the late afternoon already dressed to impress. Harry requested an aperitif the moment she exited the car, which didn’t bode well for her sobriety for the evening. Clara was dressed in a Regency era period costume, and Harry dressed as a Strong Man (or woman, he supposed). She passed her fake dumbbell to a servant to shake his hand.
Before reading the guide, John wondered if the contents would err on the side of the clinical, or the pornographic. What he discovered, after copying and pasting the link into his web browser, was a strange mix of both.
He pushed John backward, until the backs of his thighs hit the remains of a fallen tree in the clearing, the log the perfect height for leaning back against. He cupped John’s face in his hands to kiss him once, twice, and a third time, each softer than the last, before drawing away. John looked at him questioningly. Perhaps John thought he would now suggest they return to the house, rather than kissing in the mist where anyone could find them. John was quite mistaken.
“Big brother organized a reunion for us, how sweet.” With a look down the front of Sherlock’s dress, she added, “Hmm, I’m not sure that’s your colour.”
John, still panting, lets out a sigh of relief.
John’s pulse sped up when he was proven wrong not a moment later, when his mobile vibrated twice more.
He had returned to being the complacent servant, fawning after his master. It was a false intimacy that he couldn’t stand. Moriarty smiling pleasantly was the most unnatural thing in the world.
“But...” John paused, lips pursed and face scrunched, before asserting, “I heard you two together. She went in while you were having a bath!”
She wasn’t much younger than him, John might have pointed out, but did have some tact.
“All right,” John said, clearly hoping to placate him. “Why go then?”
“So,” John said, clearing his throat, “what did you get to up while I was away?”
John also wondered, a bit, if that comment towards the end had been intended as a threat, or…?
He decided that Watson grinning at him like that was excellent, and that he should find out what he was doing that was causing it and repeat it as often as possible.
“What times?” Sherlock snapped.
“The bellhop currently has mud and grease on his hands from assisting with a luggage bag that had been rather over exposed to the elements. If he had pocketed the pearls during the time window I suspect the theft occurred, there would be clear evidence of his touch. Ah, but no mud or grease to be found! Instead, there are specks of ravioli sauce encrusted on three of the pearls,” he said while brandishing the necklace.
you’re nothing like her – my marriage with her was never anything more than a show for the public.” John drifted off, the pain in his expression only seeming to increase as he recalled it.
The only response was the fire in the living room dimming, the candles on the table snuffed out, and Sherlock’s shadow cast across the wall beginning to grow.
“What do you mean not at the moment - and who would leave that for -” John started and stopped, before all the colour drained from his face, replaced by a truly thunderous expression. “Moriarty,” John said, his voice a low rumble, and his grip on the case tightening. Sherlock could not remember ever seeing John this angry before, not even for the brief moment John had believed Sherlock had planned to dress as Mary - not in this way, with quiet, coiled fury, ready to be unleashed.
Sherlock would have thought on this more, but John’s hand was on the back of his neck, and he naturally bowed his head in response. There was a rawness to John’s demeanour, his nostrils flaring and eyes blazing, and Sherlock soon found himself being kissed nearly senseless. The sweet slide of John’s tongue past his lips distracted him from the transition between the bathroom and their bedroom, till he was surprised by the feeling of the bed baseboard at the back of his calves. He was, however, pleased by their progress.
“Thank you Lestrade,” John said, his knuckles still white where they gripped the edges of the paper. “Have we had calls from any of the locals?”
“So, how’d you do it?” John asked, his curiosity from earlier only growing during their trip to the flat. It was fitting that despite fancying himself rather mysterious with his texts about the case, in the end it was still Sherlock who had made the truly impossible deduction.
“It’s certainly… something,” John commented, turning back in time to see Sherlock’s face fall into a frown.
“I said never mind him.”
“I’m fine,” Watson said, with a tight-lipped smile and his eyes turned down.  “Did you get what you came here for?”
, John was slicking himself and lining up. Sherlock moaned at the feeling of his cock head nestled against him, ready to push in, but John hesitated. Of course.
Sherlock groaned, swiveling in his chair till his back was to John. He swept his dressing gown back into place and re-tied it, as if feeling the need to cover up. Over his shoulder, he said, “
John would be relying on him now, would need him to devise their strategy. Sherlock needed to
Being invited on a case was ambiguous, and being invited to dinner was only slightly less so. Sherlock glaring at the waitress making moon eyes at John while she poured his water was, however, promising. Very promising.
Sherlock’s mouth was initially slack against his, but Sherlock’s hands were like steel around his biceps, holding him close as he leaned over him. John continued to kiss like he couldn’t believe he was able to, and Sherlock slowly came to kiss him back. Even with that wet, panting mouth against his, John could hardly believe it. Even in his wildest fantasies, had he ever allowed himself to think Sherlock would be this responsive? This reactive to his touch? Had he ever let himself think Sherlock would want it this much, or want
Though John forced it open after, and stuck his head out to look in every direction, there was nothing outside but the train moving past.
Perhaps one that shared striking similarities to the Regency era-inspired case he had dreamt up. Yes, that would explain his wild imaginings. Of course.
And it was a trying time indeed if he were choosing to distract himself with thoughts of his brother, rather than thinking on the present. John was still talking, offering ambiguous responses to Harry’s disbelief, before tersely cutting her off and hanging up the phone. It started ringing again almost immediately, but John shut the door to the attached room. They caught each other’s eyes. They both agreed to ignore it.
“And why might that be? I’m sure I’d enjoy a demonstration.“
“I’m afraid I must contradict you,” he said to Wilkes, but with a surprisingly gentle voice.  “You are both having coffee with me.”
John could see the dimples in his lower back, just above his now presumably nude arse.
Except -
“Your sister, Harriet, and her wife, yes, I can see that,” he said, maintaining eye contact with John’s sister, who had not yet released his hand from her firm grip.  She was almost taller than her brother, a sturdy woman. A good shooter, going by the callouses on her hands. And she still had a drinking problem, judging by the flask somewhat discreetly hidden on her person. Harry was not exactly the typical upper class lady, truth be told. Maybe this would actually be interesting.
“There’s no need for that,” the Colonel said. “Can anyone bring this person in so we can question him?”
“Yes,” he said slowly, “yes, I suppose she was the most beautiful creature I ever saw in my life.”
“About…?” John prompted, feeling lost again.
> Are you really going to put your initials after every chat message? And did you actually have questions, or did I do this just to be mocked?
Stepping over him, she changed the manual switch at the door to green. “Don’t mind me,” she said. “I’ll just make sure the castle is protected while the two of you are off picking flowers.”
John inhales steadily. “Greg, the doors were locked. And the only set of keys are the ones I have. “
Sherlock grabbed ahold of John and sprinted towards the greenhouse, and out the other side to a landing. John attempted to close the door behind himself, but the Witch, and oddly the bulldog, followed after them.
Sherlock was the first out of the car when they eventually arrived at their destination in a largely residential neighbourhood. If Murray was still in practice, he must have earned enough money to start one of his own from out of his home. Colonel Barclay and David parked nearby, and they all met in silence in the path outside of the house. There was little to say, beyond confirming that this was indeed the correct address. The Colonel inclined his head, and Sherlock and John walked towards the entrance, with David close behind.
The compulsion rose within him, and in his weakened state, he relented to it. Sherlock brought John’s hand to his mouth, and before he could stop himself, pressed a single kiss to John’s knuckles. His eyes shut tight; he wanted to do this, no matter John’s reaction, but he wasn’t ready to face the consequences just yet.
“Yes. An artist’s likeness of you, anyway. Luckily your face is as distinct in person as it is in print.”
“You couldn’t have just come in person, oh no,” John muttered, speaking to the dog. “You love a disguise. I have to say I’m impressed with this one, letting yourself look so wrinkled. I would have expected something more flamboyant.”
Sherlock, apparently, saw a love of adventure, and his confidence in this was infectious. It made John want to believe him. John wanted to be that man again, if he could.
“It’s gone,” John said, amazed.
“Buy and trade in secrets,” John repeated. “Let me guess. Given that you and your client chose to not bring this forward today in court, to continue your silence, you want me to buy it from you.”
He would have to, regardless, as John began to stir. Sherlock willed the redness from his cheeks, even though John would chalk anything about his appearance up to his unwellness.
Sherlock is barely above ground before he’s googling Dr John H. Watson on his mobile. Why did such an interesting person have to have such a common name?
Murray nodded, still unsure what it had to do with him. “Yes, an inquest I understand?”
Moriarty started to walk from one side of the room to the other, and back, while mimicking the heavy sound of footfalls. “But the sound of the pacing was off!” Moriarty shouted, and his strides changed. He started to lean harder onto one side, one of his feet dragging. “You could hear it through the floor, one of his legs getting lazy,
“Very well sir,” said the voice on the other side. “But the dusters would like to come in sometime this morning.”
“What has Sherlock done with your in-ship bot, and what is alarm code TRF 201202?”
The room when washed in light was an impressive sight. It was still furnished, nothing packed up, as if all still in use. He had expected dust sheets over the chairs and tables, dressers, the bed - instead he found a completely preserved bedroom, with nothing covered.
The man twisted around to face him again.
Well, he’d already given the rest of himself away. “The H is for Hamish.”
“Family pets? Well, now we’re getting somewhere,” John murmurs taking the newspaper up again.
At last, he heard a bark from beyond the rocks to the right of the beach. “He’s climbed over this way!” he called back to John, as he immediately hopped up to climb over the terrain separating him from Gladstone.
John then cracked his neck, and rolled up the sleeve of his jumper. “Luckily that’s a much easier fix than my hunger pains. Don’t exactly have a Sunday roast hanging out with us in here.”
“Look,” he said to the man, “have you got any string?”
“Well, no use crying over spilt milk,” John said. “Do whatever you can with the pieces, even if that just means tossing it. Also, Lestrade, give Robert the rest of the day off, and a day’s extra pay. He’s too distraught to work.”
“Yes,” he replied, his voice wavering slightly. He took a sip from the water glass in front of him to help wet his suddenly dry throat.
“Like hell he does,” John grumbled, sounding exactly as bitter as he felt.
“Mr Holmes,” Watson began beneath his breath, “What if the servant has already taken flight? Should one of us not guard the entrances and exits?”
“Sherlock,” Watson said, and the surprise of hearing his Christian name caused Sherlock to lose his grip on the chair arm. So as to not fall forward, he overcorrected, sliding backward.
John suddenly felt like the idiot he was for not thinking of it sooner. Was he just going to leave Sherlock here when he returned to home base? He supposed he’d done that exact thing, many times, but back then he hadn’t known Sherlock was here, all alone.
“But that only holds if I maintain appearances, John!” Sherlock cried out at last, and as if to prove a point, began to regrow their two extra arms, tearing another hole in the other side of the coveralls. The thinning of Sherlock’s frame as a result was a sight John had grown used to by now, aware that it was normal for Sherlock’s body.
John swept his hand towards the door, specifically in his direction. He had been hanging back even after the door had closed, not sure when to reveal himself.
“He wouldn’t, God help me, I know he wouldn’t. He’s... we’re–“ John, to his own mortification, almost has to choke back a sob “We’re together now. He wouldn’t. He wouldn’t do that.”
“Stop this,” he seethed, his eyes squeezing shut against his own volition, in pain. “Stop this
“You know more about human nature than you let on,” John said, smiling softly, in spite of it all.  “And you’re right, of course, you always are. I didn’t mean to kill her,” John affirmed. “I can explain it, though it’s a long story.”
John hedged.
In the tea saucer, carefully placed next to the cup, is a red dianthus. John can’t tell if he should be disturbed or touched. Regardless of what he should be, a wide smile has creeped all the way across his face.
What a fantastic joke!”
> Right. Hmm. But how many seconds?
Once before going out on an errand in Kingsbury, John had teased Sherlock about his draped sleeves, and Sherlock had responded by turning his back to John, and looking over his shoulder expectantly. John had taken the hint, sliding the coat from Sherlock’s shoulders, and easing his arms into the jacket. Afterward, John had made sure to pop the collar of the coat, the way Sherlock liked to wear it. If John’s hands lingered along the neck of the coat, Sherlock didn’t comment, and John couldn’t help but think of what a fine figure Sherlock cut in the pink and grey coat, with the ruffled white shirt underneath, with just enough exposed throat to make John’s own throat feel dry.
Waking to find he had slept the entire night slumped over in John’s chair (with his face mashed into the upholstery) was not a joy. Having never left the room after the bizarre events of the previous day, he must have dozed off while thinking. He raised his stiff neck to blink at the light pouring across the bedroom floor, indicating it was well into morning. He wondered if the servants would notice the wet spot on the chair back where he’d drooled, and come to the easy conclusion he’d slept there. He hoped John wouldn’t be as observant, whenever he returned.
“Oh the Messrs Watson! And neither of you in costume?”
I bet you would.
His palms were sweaty within his gloves. He tore them off, and stowed them in his pockets.
John had been invited, which didn’t necessarily mean he was coming. He could imagine John receiving the invitation, and smiling sardonically at Wilkes’ pushy ways.
“But they will have to wait till later,” he said loudly, and perhaps with undeserved venom. He brushed past John as he made his way to the door, and followed Lestrade down the corridor. It was time to put on a brave face, if he could stomach it. They had to start dinner on time.
“Sherlock,” John said, sounding unsteady. He paused, and continued in a choked voice. “God, I’m so relieved, about all of it. That you’re going to be all right, that you’re actually telling me something, that you’re letting me help you—”
“Yes, of course! And I’m putting my best man on the job.”
“It’s embarrassing,” John said, “but I’m sort of wild about you.”
Harry rolled her eyes, and turned away to return to her wife.
“Right.”
Sherlock’s eyes rolled upward, feigning consideration. “Hmm – yes, actually. Wouldn’t you say?” Sherlock asked, returning his attention to the man whose lapels he was currently gripping.
But anyone who called on Manderley drove up to the house itself. County visitors weren’t in the habit of leaving their cars hidden from the house, at the turn of the drive, practically in the rhododendrons. He approached, and yes, it was definitely a (not well-concealed) car. He could see the wings and the hood.
“I sank the boat too close in,” John murmured, his exhaustion almost stronger than his regret. “I should have taken the boat all the way out of the bay. They would have never found it then.”
Sherlock didn’t know how else to respond to that, so opted for finishing his blood instead. He did so as rudely and as loudly as possible.
as per usual, see you next week <3
“So, the violin,” he continued, “do you play for Wilkes? Are you expected to entertain him? Do party tricks?”
“I have to focus to reduce the aspects that would seem... unnatural to you. And I can’t focus when you’re - ” Sherlock paused, while their other hand gestured vaguely to their crotch. “While you’re doing that.”
For another, John hadn’t touched him again. Progress in that area continued to be at a stand still. However, while John hadn’t attempted to initiate anything between them, John now slept on his back rather than on his side. His husband no longer curled away from him. Surely, that was a good sign? And when his new clothes had arrived, and he’d tried his favourite of the suits on and unveiled it to John, he’d thought John had looked... appreciative. Though perhaps that wasn’t the right word. He’d done a bit of a spin as a lark, and when he’d turned back to see John -  his face had grown warm in the heat of that look. He could have been imagining things, reading too much into them, but he rather thought that things were promising.
John thinks this is rather an excellent point and shoots Sherlock an eyebrows raised ‘get on with it’ look which earns him an irritated glance.
Sherlock froze, causing the legs to begin to burn on one side. John turned in his chair to observe Sherlock’s profile, and waited.
John met his gaze. “I imagine that’ll be someone about taking the boat out of the water,” John commented with surprising ease, walking to the little room and closing the door behind him. It seemed John and he had swapped roles within minutes. The moment Sherlock displayed anxiety, John was serene, and vice versa.
“What is?” he demanded. He truly hated seeming to never know what anyone was on about in this damn place.
Moriarty made a disgusted noise in the back of his throat. “She chose to die with him in the end.
The grin that snuck across Sherlock’s face gave John the impression he was doing rather well. “Yes,” Sherlock replied, looking at John out of the corner of his eye, “typically, ten more.”
“So it’s true then? You really do go around taking hearts from young, pretty girls?” John had meant it as a joke, but ended up feeling both unsettled and incredibly foolish shortly after the words had left his mouth.
Everyone laughed, even Lestrade, though he tried to hide it behind his hand.
“I will age you know, I’ll have grey hair and wrinkles.”
The man behind him sighs inaudibly; while silent, Sherlock can still see the tell tale chest movement. He looks as though he hates taking public transport just as much as Sherlock does. He also looks just as bored. Sherlock wonders –
“Feeling all right?” John asked, looking away from the road in obvious concern. He smiled tightly in response, hoping to hide his edginess.
“Can I?” John asked, his voice almost inaudible, wavering. As though he didn’t know what to ask, when they both knew what he meant.
The urge to don his coat and follow after John came over him, but he stamped it back down. John’s trust was precious, and he would need to resist his instincts to keep it.
In the following early morning, after John and Sherlock stumbled back in from their case, Sherlock returned to Manderley’s lodge gates once more.
Sherlock had turned from an unusual creature John had found in a crater into a very human-like person, all in a matter of hours. John hadn’t actually offered, but Sherlock had even begun wearing a pair of John’s navy coveralls.
John was right. This was coming at the worst possible time.
After presumably confirming they were in the right spot, Sherlock walked to the lip of the deep indent of another of the ubiquitous craters. “Come on John,” Sherlock called, already sliding downward.
He rose from his chair, deciding he’d rather like to see the new room that was to be theirs now. John hesitated, looking between them, before standing with his usual assistance from his cane.
, and would still cause him to seem like an incomparable freak. The other was to tell the truth, much to the same effect.
He would need to be patient. John was showing that he was capable of overcoming his reservations. John’s restraint couldn’t last forever, and he would simply need to be ready to strike when the iron was hot. John could apparently perform husbandly duties so to speak, even if it was done out of sympathy for his aroused state.
“I can’t tell you how sorry I am about all of this,” the Colonel said, standing in the doorway. He looked between him and John, and Sherlock could see that the seed of doubt about John had already been planted in the Colonel’s mind. The Colonel wasn’t sure any longer if John could be trusted. Magnussen had been right - once the suggestion of John’s guilt was in the world it couldn’t be easily reclaimed. Ideas couldn’t be killed.
“No, Mr Moriarty oversees all the dusting in the morning-room,” Lestrade replied. He noticed Lestrade didn’t say Moriarty actually
“You’re right of course,” John said. “But, what if he’s fallen? Never mind, just, let me go, I’ll take the long way around - ”
John bit his lip. Getting into bed with a mostly-naked Sherlock while he was mostly-naked himself seemed like a terrible idea for his sanity, if nothing else.
6 months later
There. He’d finally said it.
This was it. The last one.
“The universe is rarely so lazy,” Sherlock said under his breath.
“So you know the rules?” Sherlock asked after a while.
John threw himself head first into his studies, trying not to think about Sherlock (an effort which became increasingly futile). His heart skipped a beat whenever he saw the back of a curly head walking down the street, or when he saw someone with a long coat walking around the corner, but it was never him. He thought about “casually” bumping into Sherlock outside of the library or near his flat again, but quickly dismissed all of these thoughts as pathetic.
“It doesn’t matter anymore, John,” Sherlock interrupted, coughing again.
He’d thought about running after him immediately, but who left their own wedding to chase after the best man?
Sherlock glanced upward and they exchanged a silent look for a long moment. Then Sherlock’s lips curled upward into a secret smile, one John knew was only for him.
“John.” Sherlock was anxious to get John into bed, and this was all just wasted time.
. They never talked about the fact that Sherlock had only shaken his hand and then walked off to his own execution.
“Don’t ask questions--” Sherlock sneezed again, cutting himself off.
The next morning, John woke up to the sound of a lawn mower next to his head again.
"Yes?”
She leaned in conspiratorially. “There’s another bedroom upstairs, if you’ll be needing two bedrooms.” She winked at him.
John had never been a particularly musical person-- though he’d had to learn clarinet in grade school-- yet he found himself entranced by the melody. It was as if the song had become a language in the air, and he was able to understand somehow that the musician was just as alone as he.
“So… we have to wait until the fourth inning to see… whatever it is we are going to see?”
“You have to leave because you are very busy and important, we know,” Sherlock interrupted. “John, is the spiced wine ready?”
“I can practically hear the wheels turning,” Sherlock remarked, breaking John’s reverie.
“Just resting,” John said.
Giving up on paying attention, John let his thoughts drift. He found himself wondering when Sherlock had learned to play violin. He wondered why Sherlock had broken up with Victor—or why Victor had broken up with him. He wondered why Sherlock had decided to study chemistry, and what his experiments were about.
“Yes, John,
John picked up his glass. “A bit,” he said. He clenched his left fist, trying to keep it from trembling. It was harder to control the more he drank.
John hesitated, wondering if he should run in the other direction, but somehow he found himself swinging his bookbag over his shoulder and jogging to catch up.
“A-all day?” He tried to say it in a dubious tone, but didn’t quite manage it.
“You’re wearing the jeans from the case with the embezzler at the nightclub,” Sherlock said.
Chi smiled crookedly, one side higher than the other. “I think there is,” she said.
John felt all the blood rush out of his head. “You. You want?”
Sometimes, time is a circle, everything returning to its beginning.
John pressed his lips together, understanding instantly what Sherlock was talking about.
“Hmm?” John asked, pushing a curl out of Sherlock’s eyes.
John trudged up the steps to the law library, hunching his shoulders against the drizzling rain. He’d been able to catch the coffee cart right before they had packed up for the night, ordering the strongest drink they would give him. It had been an extravagant purchase—more than he could really afford to spend—but it was going to be a long night and he needed the caffeine. He thought tiredly for the umpteenth time that he really needed to get a flatmate. Rent was slowly eating up his savings, and soon there wouldn’t be any left.
other than the fact that he was pressed up against Sherlock’s slender body in the dark.
“Tea,” Sherlock said, turning over and curling around the pillow again.
“What? No,” Sherlock said, his brow crinkling a bit. “Why?”
“What?” John blurted out, unable to stop himself.
? How the fuck was I supposed to get rid of them?”
Sherlock walked into the living room, settled in his chair and fed her, telling her the story of a big, mean dog they’d once been trying to find, which had turned out to be just a regular dog. He even told her about the glowing rabbits.
“Hey,” John said softly, squeezing his hand. “It's all right. I just don't want us to jump into bed with each other before we talk about this.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, and he meant it in so many different ways that he couldn’t actually articulate them all if John had asked.
“There’s nothing wrong with me,” Sherlock said, but it was without his normal snark. He sneezed, which turned into a hacking cough.
“Stop thinking so hard, it’s killing the mood,” Sherlock quipped.
“Is that a yes?”
it if you left again,” Sherlock repeated, his words meted out slowly, with emphasis.
Sherlock snorted. “I had a feeling it was Larry the whole time. After all, he was the one who encouraged Wilson to apply for the ‘job’ at the League. I just wasn’t sure why they were distracting Wilson from what was going on in the section. To be honest, they probably needn’t have bothered, it’s not as if Wilson was really that observant anyway. They might have gotten away with the whole thing if they had just paid him like they were supposed to.”
A sort of calm fell over him when it rained; the sound of raindrops plopping on vinyl umbrellas, the whooshing of black taxis’ wheels through potholes full of water. People scurrying toward shelter, holding newspapers over their heads.
“What does it look like?” Sherlock didn’t look up, continuing to poke through the sparse contents of the locker and throwing items on the floor. His face still sported the telltale signs of the beating he had received, but at least the swelling had gone down enough that he could see out of both eyes again. His skin was still a slightly mottled shade of yellow where the bruises had faded on his cheeks.
It was a lavish suite–it must have cost a
John flexed his left hand on reflex, though his arm rarely bothered him anymore.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Forget it.” He turned on his heel and started walking toward Park Street.
“John...” Sherlock cleared his throat. “I have to tell you something.”
Thanks so much to Katie, who is a beautiful tropical fish, and Leslie, who is a poetic, noble land mermaid.
The footsteps were getting closer, then they stopped abruptly.
John made a noise of satisfaction, repeating the motion. Sherlock was sure he was making some strange noises, but he wasn’t about to tell John to stop.
“Don’t let her…” Sherlock coughed, his voice raspy. “When I’m dead… keep… him safe.”
“What?” John blurted out, then clicked his mouth shut.
Grinning wickedly, Sherlock started to lift up and down, slowly, languidly, simulating the feeling of John being inside him.
“You forgot your tea.”
“John,” he breathed, his gaze focused on John with laser-sharp awareness.
“It will take but a moment,” Moriarty interrupted.
John didn’t say a word, closing the last few steps between them, pulling his arm back and punching Sherlock in the jaw with all his strength.
The man twirled his umbrella a bit more, looking smug. “I’m the closest thing to a friend Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
Sherlock smiled. “You said you’d do whatever I wanted.”
“Fuck you,” John said, his lips twitching into a smile. He was so happy that his entire body was singing with it, and he simply didn’t know what to do with himself.
Moriarty raised his eyebrows, looking John up and down once.
“What is so important about the bloody case?” John asked.
Sherlock looked up at him blearily, but he obeyed, placing a palm flat on the side of the wall and standing up enough that John could slip his pyjama bottoms down and off.
“John,” he groaned into John’s mouth, and John was so hard it was actually painful.
Sherlock sunk his fingernails into John’s back, arching upward into every thrust, kissing back with a tinge of desperation. Through his haze of bliss, John realized Sherlock was kissing him like this was a last kiss, rather than one of the first, and it tugged at something deep inside him.
“Do what?” John yawned. His anger seemed to have dissipated with the night, and now all he felt was bone-deep exhaustion.
Sherlock probably wailed embarrassingly loudly as he spilled over into John’s hand, but he couldn’t find the will to care. John held him through it, kissing him deeply until his cock was spent.
Sherlock shrugged. “Mrs. Hudson was talking about how we need a more festive atmosphere for the party. I assume she put it up.”
“Sherlock, going…going to…”
Sherlock’s lower lip jutted out in a pout.
John frowned, taking Sherlock’s pulse and feeling his forehead. His temperature had gone up again.
He and Sherlock would lie on John’s bed after, trying to make sure she was really settled. At least, that’s what John told himself, but he never asked Sherlock to leave when it was clear that she was truly down for the count. It was a bad habit, but he had started to look forward to falling asleep next to Sherlock, even if that was all it ever was. Sherlock was almost always gone when he woke up the next morning.
“Hello,” Mr. Hatayama’s voice said.
John grasped at his hips with one hand, pulling Sherlock’s head down with the other for another scorching kiss as he started to thrust upwards into Sherlock’s cleft.
Sherlock felt his mouth open and close a few times, because his brain was having trouble processing this information.
John swallowed. “Don’t you think the police should be the ones to take care of this?”
“That it is, bully for you.” John couldn’t quite keep the exasperation out of his voice.
“Thank you for having us,” Molly said.
“Ye-I mean, no, I just…” John shook his head. “I just can’t believe Mycroft is paying for all this. It’s not like we’re doing a case for him.”
“Sodding fag was poking his head in other people’s business,” the bigger man said. “Needed to be taught a lesson.”
“So?” Sherlock set down the coffee to steep and turned around, crossing his arms and leaning against the counter. His eyes widened fractionally, flicking over John again.
“What’s—” John started.
“No thanks.” John continued to walk away, not making eye contact.
“That’s… that’s just what people
Three days after the alleyway incident, John was trying to make notes in his Criminal Law lecture, but he couldn’t concentrate. A girl a few rows in front of him had dark, curly hair, and when she was facing front, she almost looked like Sherlock.
John gulped. “I promise,” he whispered.
“I–I can’t...” Sherlock threw an arm over his eyes.
Sherlock’s head was turned slightly toward the window, his long neck was stretched out. John felt his tongue dart out to lick his lower lip, wondering what it would be like to kiss the delicate skin there. Sherlock’s hair was beautifully tousled as ever, but he’d ruffled it before he’d settled into his seat, making him look younger, more boyish. His long eyelashes were fluttering against the pale skin of his cheeks, and he was just so… effortlessly beautiful.
John tried the door. “Locked.”
Sherlock blinked at him. “Yes. She told me.”
“All’s fair in love and--”
John kissed the back of his neck, and Sherlock could feel the smile against his skin. “Good.”
Sherlock sighed, looking up at the ceiling, tapping his foot. “John, remember the conversation we had the other day about why I can’t orgasm easily?”
“My landlady, Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock strode into the kitchen, plopping down immediately at the stool in front of his microscope. He took a petri dish and some kind of liquid, putting the swab next to him carefully on the table. He started preparing a slide for the microscope with deft fingers, his motions quick and precise.
When John had all the buttons undone, Sherlock shrugged out of his shirt, and John took him by the shoulders, twisting him down to the bed. He pulled off his own jumper and shirt quickly, throwing them on the ground, not caring if he popped a couple of buttons in the process.
“John,” Sherlock said, his voice low.
, who shall remain nameless, I have to study in order to do well in school. It doesn’t come naturally to me.”
John sighed in exasperation, following him at a trot. Sherlock had already swept around the corner and out of the locker room, so John pushed the swinging door inward, following him into the pool.
That part would seep into his very bones, like a cancer.
, Sherlock. She needs nutrients.”
“Don’t you? Isn’t it in your mind palace somewhere?”
“...the mop-up job was sloppy, you know better than that,” one of the men drawled.
John looked up at the lights, and didn’t move.
John wriggled his tongue into Sherlock’s hole, and smoothed a hand up Sherlock’s back at the same time. His tongue breached the muscle, massaging it for a bit until it was looser, and then he started to push inward. Sherlock gasped, and his cock was throbbing.
The inside of the so-called office was dingy, and mostly empty. There was no furniture, other than a desk and chair in one corner, and a single land line phone. Sherlock started shuffling through some papers on the desk as John looked in the back. There was a loo, which looked like it hadn’t been cleaned since the last century, and some stacks of order receipts.
“Arms up,” he said, peeling Sherlock’s clammy sleeping shirt up off his chest. Sherlock tried to sit up, swaying slightly, and held up his arms high enough that John could pull the shirt off and throw it in the hamper.
Sherlock bit his lower lip. The night before, John had come up the stairs, announcing that he’d left Mary for good. He’d looked at Sherlock with such hunger that before he’d had time to think, Sherlock had pinned him to the wall, kissing him until they were both hard. Sherlock had ground his hips into John’s until John had come, which was one of the most amazing things Sherlock had ever seen. They’d collapsed into bed together, and in the morning John had woken him up with a kiss, peeling his clothes off one by one.
“No, dear, everything’s here.”
Sherlock was working in the kitchen, trying to match the substance from the bottom of the locker to various poisons as a last resort. After several hours, Sherlock threw a petri dish against the wall and growled in frustration. John looked up from his papers warily, wondering if he would have to abscond to the law library again in order to get any studying done. Sherlock stalked over to the window, taking out his violin case and snapping it open.
This time though, the dream had been particularly vivid and real. He could almost feel the beat of Sherlock’s heart, almost hear the whispered nothings and sighs of pleasure in the dark. It was like a piece of silk slipping through his fingers, ethereal yet tangible.
John smiled into his tea, then rested his head against the headboard, closing his eyes.
“Not only that,” Sherlock pressed on, “But you’re abnormally attracted to dangerous situations and people.”
,” John whispered, his head falling back as he felt his cock enveloped in new heat and friction.
“One person, one time. Hands. In the chemical lab. Friend from uni. Never wanted to after, or since. Until now. Until you.” Sherlock said it all in a clinical, clipped tone.
“Good
“I’m still worried about hypothermia,” John said quietly.
John felt his eyes widen and his nostrils flare slightly. No one he came in contact with day-to-day ever asked him that, because everyone already knew. Most everyone went out of their way not to talk about it. He’d gotten used to feeling like a leper, or like a bird everyone was frightened of scaring off.
Sherlock simply looked up at John with a bone-deep exhaustion. The condensation in the air was beading in his hair in a sort of halo. “I should think that, by now, it should be fairly obvious that I would do anything for you, John,” he said hoarsely.
“I have to get our daughter some food first, then you can have your way with me again,” John said, effervescent with happiness.
It was a beautiful, clear winter day, snow flurrying down and melting into droplets on the shiny black wood as the casket was lowered into the ground.
Later that night, John took the final crane out of his pocket and put it in on his bedside table.
John stood up, pushing his trousers off the rest of the way, and as he did, Sherlock spread his knees in a way that showed exactly what he wanted. John settled in between his legs, and their cocks brushed together. Sherlock’s eyes fell closed and he pulled John to him, moaning lightly, hips arching upward again. John had come too recently to get hard again, but if he had been about fifteen years younger, that would have done it.
“It starts near here, actually,” John said, looking up. “You planned this, didn’t you?”
The man cocked his head to the side. “And yet you saved his life, spent the night at his flat... and when I threatened him you jumped in this vehicle without a second thought. Should we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
He pressed his lips together and turned on his heel, walking with a slight spring to his step, weaving through the other evening commuters.
?” John asked weakly, already knowing the answer.
Chi tilted her head to the side, watching him.
John gritted his teeth. “Is there a problem here, lads?”
“It’s not—” John started.
“Mycroft said this was the only room left on this short notice,” Sherlock said, not looking up from his phone.
“Three hundred and twenty three,” Chi said before he could finish. “I make about ten per day if I’m feeling well. Less on the days when my head hurts too much and everything goes blurry.”
” John pressed himself a little closer on the bed, so that their faces were inches from each other.
”Um, okay. Sure.” John went back to his reading, his lips twitching upward into a small smile.
“Mr. Watson, a word,” Moriarty called out, just as John’s hand touched the handle.
“I think I need another beer,” John muttered, signaling the man who was walking down the aisle.
He was really in for it.
At first, it was just a gentle slide of lips and the hint of tongue, but once John nipped at Sherlock’s tongue, it turned more heated. John slid his hand under the sheet to brush his fingers down Sherlock’s stomach and stroke his cock once. Sherlock inhaled sharply, shifting his legs a bit for better access. The kiss now had a sharp edge to it, of want. Need.
“Sherlock--”
Then he heard the noise again, and without thinking, he started jogging down the alley, moving as quietly as possible. A third, airier yet more sarcastic voice chimed in.
John frowned. He’d never told her about Sherlock, and he hadn’t heard anyone say the name in more than a year.
John stiffened. “You didn’t come last night?”
She took his hand in her two small ones, looking up at him with shortened breaths.
, a voice inside his head said. But maybe he just wanted Molly and Lestrade to finally get together, the original reason he’d given a few days before. It wasn’t exactly Sherlock’s normal
“And you went to law school,” Sherlock said, completely deadpan.
He leaned in to kiss Sherlock again, reaching down to take his cock in hand.
During the first months after Sherlock had jumped, everyone kept asking him how he felt. They asked him if they could do anything for him, watching him with a mixture of pity and awkwardness.
Sherlock shrugged. “He was a tourist from America. Just landed.”
“I don’t have…friends.”
Sherlock didn’t move, feeling the skin of his cheek under John’s hand warming slightly. They were as close as they had ever been. John blinked up at him, seeming to realize the same thing, and he started to drop his hand. Sherlock immediately reached up and pressed his palm to John’s hand, keeping it in place.
“She was traveling, John. And given the frankly alarming shade of pink she seemed to favor…”
Sherlock tried to sniff indignantly, but because he was so congested he couldn’t quite manage it.
, I mean, I’ve done
“What do you think?” Sherlock walked directly over to the sink and filled the kettle, setting it on the stove. Now that he had removed his coat, John could see that he was dressed in a white button-down and black slacks, which revealed his lean body underneath. John watched him move about the kitchen, his eyes lingering on the dark mess of curls, which contrasted with his pale skin. Put together with his unusual eyes, in a word, Sherlock was…well,
“I thought it was just a simple case of someone ditching out on paying someone.”
The students flowed around John, some stealing amused glances at him as they passed, others talking behind their hands.
Everyone clapped when Sherlock finished the song. Sherlock bowed his head slightly, and immediately started another.
“What do you want?” John asked bluntly.
“Your brain isn’t off yet.” John leaned back to look at him.
John leaned against the kitchen counter, watching Sherlock work for several minutes without speaking. It was mesmerizing in a way, seeing Sherlock in his element. He was so focused that it was as if he had already forgotten that John was there.
John shook his head, eyes glistening a bit. “Some of it was.”
“Ken,” John said. “I know that the story meant a lot to you both, and that Chi really believed that the cranes could save her. I just… I don’t believe in this stuff. I don’t know why I was doing it in the first place. The reason I was folding them—the person I was—he died. He’s gone. There’s no way folding some pieces of paper could change that.”
Sherlock’s lips quirked upward slightly. “I was trying to obtain hair samples from that
John nodded absently as he flipped her chart open, skimming it quickly.
“Sherlock!” John yelled.
He heard Mycroft sigh as he walked toward him. “Still angry at me, I see.”
“Well, not really, but… before Clara, Harry dated an American woman. Virginia was a huge Orioles fan. They used to watch it all the time, so I did pick up some things. Especially the fact that beer and baseball are hopelessly intertwined.”
“I felt like someone was drilling through my skull, but yeah, sure,” John said, grinning even wider at the horrified look on Sherlock’s face. “What, no one has ever told you?”
“So you sent him to certain death instead. That was much better,” John said wryly.
“Thank you for that eloquent dissertation, Mr. Watson,” the professor said snidely. “Next time you are daydreaming, I hope it’s about the law and not about Ms. Harrison.” She went on to another student, and John shrank back into his chair.
John opened his eyes, raising one eyebrow. “Even if it’s above an eight?”
He glanced at Sherlock again, despite trying not to. Sherlock was the person who anchored him to life, the person who had saved him in ten thousand different ways. Sherlock had to know how he felt by now, didn’t he? He was the most observant person on the planet, he must know that John’s love for him had gone far beyond the platonic and was well into the romantic.
“Seven years, Sherlock
Sherlock couldn’t meet his eyes. “Go ahead.”
? After everything that’s happened?” Sherlock’s lower lip wobbled minutely. “This isn’t going to be easy.”
“It’s just… you’re the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, you know that?” John’s gaze flicked down Sherlock’s body appreciatively.
“I just might, mate,” Lestrade called over his shoulder.
The man watched him for another long moment. “Very well.” He knocked his umbrella on the roof in three swift taps, and the car pulled over to the kerb.
“Stop!” John yelled, blocking their way.
Sherlock tugged his arm, eventually. “Come back to bed.”
“What is it?” he asked.
As the hours ticked by, John watched Sherlock doze, his dark eyelashes fluttering over his pale cheeks. His defenses down, Sherlock looked so much more vulnerable, so much younger. John got the feeling that he didn’t sleep much normally, if the dark circles under his eyes were any indication.
John closed his eyes, trying to think about something—
When John got back to the bedsit, he reached into his pocket to take out the slightly rumpled red crane and put it on his desk. He sat down on his bed and stared at the misshapen piece of paper. This was completely and utterly ridiculous. He had finally gone mad. This was the final proof.
The next morning he awoke to what sounded like an industrial lawn mower.
John let himself revel in the fact that he was allowed to watch Sherlock like this, and that he could actually kiss Sherlock awake this time, unlike the day before.
… I do.” Sherlock said it with an air of finality, though it was not really all he wanted to say, but at the same time it was exactly what he wanted to say.
“Very peculiar,” Sherlock said in a bored voice that meant he was no longer listening. “I’ll be on the next plane.”
John raised his head. “You arsehole,” he said, but it didn’t have any heat.
“Say it.” Sherlock’s breath was warm against his face.
“Take me to bed, John,” Sherlock murmured.
John jabbed his finger up at the mistletoe. “
I... okay. Got it. I’ll just…where’s the loo?” John stuttered, feeling himself go red.
He framed Sherlock’s face with both hands, kissing him deeply, as he rolled his hips, tantalizing Sherlock by sliding their cocks against one another. It was delicious torture, but it wasn’t enough. He needed… god, he
It had been a vacation for a case, but still. He’d tried to do this for John.
“I’m just fine—” John started to say.
, I promise you, you
“Are you sure this doesn’t involve a murder?” John asked suspiciously.
—“I want you. I’ve wanted you since day one. Didn’t you know?”
It was just a press of closed lips at first. Then Sherlock’s lips parted and he was snogging him, full stop, Sherlock’s fist twisting in John’s shirt to pull him closer.
“So, I’m allowed on the scene, Sergeant Lestrade?” Sherlock asked loudly, looking at the female officer out of the corner of his eye.
“Obviously.”
“What’ve you got?”
Sherlock bit his lower lip.“I was… hoping… but I didn’t know for sure that this would be the outcome.”
268 cranes
“Hold on,” John said, sitting up, still a bit dizzy, placing a palm on Sherlock’s chest. “I want to see you.”
“Are you watching me sleep?” Sherlock mumbled after a while.
“I think she may have had an ulterior motive for the mistletoe.”
and John was kissing him back.
“War?” Sherlock offered as he leaned down to nibble at John’s earlobe, starting to undulate up and down slowly so that their cocks slid against each other.
“We are–I’m just going home–” one of them said, starting to sidle toward the exit, but John stopped him again with a glare.
What exactly had they all been expecting?
Due to the unfriendly end of his meeting with Watson the previous day, he had doubted they were on for their usual morning meal the following morning. He almost went downstairs regardless, but decided in the end to first fulfill his duty to Sebastian.
Rumour had it she had blackmailed a member of the royal family, and that even the Royal Wizard hadn’t been able to resolve the matter. Though there was much speculation on the nature of the blackmail, it remained unclear whether a satisfactory conclusion had ever been reached. Some said that the Royal Wizard’s Captain of the Guard, who was currently ‘missing in action’, had been devoured by the Witch.
“I’m the one with a curse on me!” John shouted. “Which you haven’t even lifted a finger to break! And you’re having a meltdown over shampoo? I’ve been in
“This is Man Line, what’s your preference?”
John felt the pressure to impress, and the urge to draw sounds out from beneath the hand pressed against that mouth. John pulled on the elastic of his pants, easing them down past the now fully hard cock, joining the trousers around his thighs. John admired the view, the dark patch of unruly hair, and the cock flushed as pink as his cheeks, begging for John’s attention.
John moved his shoulder. He moved it again. It was completely healed. “Jesus, what did you do?” John asked, sitting up from the ground, amazed.
“What?” Sherlock asked, opening his eyes. “Not good? You’re a doctor John, you know it’s better to get these things sorted out as soon as possible.” Sherlock had even thought he’d said it rather gently.
John breathed in heavily, and lowered his head. His right hand came up to rub his forehead, and cover his closed eyes. He knew what this meant of course. There was about to be a reason the Captain felt the need to tell them this, rather than simply leaving them in peace.
“There,” she said. “And I suppose I’m expected to walk up all these stairs unassisted? And after I came all the way from Belgravia.”
“They were just on their way,” the Witch of Belgravia said, reaching into her pocket.
Watson stood from his chair, pipe forgotten, to approach him. Sherlock remained sitting in morose stillness, but he stood when Watson came towards him, forcing Watson to crane his neck to look into his eyes.
Sherlock chose this moment to stand from his crouched position, twirling to face the two men.
The alien made a single long whirring sound, and continued to rub at the surface of John’s helmet with enthusiasm.
didn’t know –
John, feeling confident, launches forward on another instinct, “How did your husband die, Dr Davenshaw?”
“Where I’m from asking someone if they have a cock is frowned upon,” John responded and, wanting to wipe that smug look off of Sherlock’s face, dipped the hand pressed against Sherlock’s chest down their front. Sherlock took in a quick breath of air, becoming motionless as John began to rub at the growing firmness he’d felt in the crotch of the coveralls.
John’s face must have spoken volumes because Greg quickly amends this with “Okay, okay, yes, I know that’s all a bit ridiculous and I’m not saying I think this is– what your client thinks it is– but this woman, she just knew things. It was uncanny, some of the stuff would really amaze you. Sort of like him, you know?“
John wondered if the man was thinking the same just as his eyes darted to the side, and then down. The man’s lower lip drew into his mouth for a moment as if in indecision, before he signed,
Sherlock had expected Watson to be surprised by their sudden halt, but he had caught on it seemed. “There’s a line across the path!” Watson cried, sounding short of breath. “Christ, I hadn’t seen it at all! How did you notice?”
As they walked downstairs, he noticed the door to the West wing was closed. In his mind’s eye he could see Moriarty, and if he tried hard enough, he could hear the sound of the sea, ever present in the corridor.
. Truthfully, he was. Being Sherlock Holmes, however...
“And so he was, and now he’s back,” Moriarty said, annoyance slipping into his slow drawl. “If he’s gone to the library, you can go through the hall without meeting him.”
Wilkes introduced the letter-bringer as Sherlock, which John found as striking a name as the individual himself, and then didn’t return to him again. John immediately wondered if they were together. He wondered if Wilkes didn’t pay Sherlock much attention in public so as to keep the gossip from them, due to their currently unwed status. Perhaps they were engaged in secret. John didn’t know, but certainly wanted to, or at least far more than he wanted to hear anything else Wilkes had to say.
He would have given Moriarty credit for the subterfuge, if not for the wide open door to the morning room. It was as though this guest was being badly hidden on purpose.
“I live in town, and you could say I’m from there as well.”
John allowed himself to be pulled, slotting easily between Sherlock’s spread legs, and holding himself up on his forearms bracketing Sherlock’s head. John kissed the neck he’d watched water drip down in the bath, and sucked on the nipple he’d been desperately trying (and failing) to not think about since last he’d seen it. He didn’t stop till Sherlock was gasping, and then, trailing kisses as he went, moved lower.
Sherlock’s steepled hands lowered, and he seemed relieved that John was now catching on. “Yes, just like me in your novels. The serialization was meant to be about a doctor-soldier war hero, so of course you were killed in action, protecting and serving your fellow man. Queen and country, and all that.”
“Not that - though yes, also that – but Sherlock she hasn’t met me before,” John insisted, before turning to the lady in question. “You’re quite right Mrs Davis, don’t let him alarm you.”
“Dr Davenshaw, I presume?” Sherlock offers his hand and an affected smile, though the latter had been growing less fake as of late.
Once Sherlock’s skin was less green, and his hair was no longer ginger, his voice returned.
He reached the back of the book, where he found a list of four digit numbers. One of these numbers had the same symbol next to it as was beside Murray’s name in her schedule. Obvious.
Their eyes locked. He could not recall a time they had discussed the players in a case with as much gravity or personal investment. “Does she? Regret the marriage?”
“Yes,” John said, continuing to look oddly smug. “You’ll have to forgive me for depriving you of your companion.”
Hmm. I’d like to touch his horn.
“No dear,” the Hudson bot replied, wiping his arm down with a towelette pulled from its front compartment. “Sherlock went to the BAK 2212 base.”
John couldn’t write that. Mostly because it would just make Sherlock more interested, the wanker. Besides it wasn’t exactly ethical to tell the only person who could catch the killer not to do so. More people would die if Sherlock Holmes didn’t step in. John just didn’t want him to be included in that number.
“John!” he shouted, voice wrecked. “John, get out!” The wooden beams above were unstable, the room was on fire, and he had explicitly planned to have this confrontation while John was
“Yeah,” John replied, looking back at the house, expecting the Colonel and David to come out at any moment. “But what are you on about?”
John rubbed at his forehead as he mulled that one over. “You
John, thinking about that list, made an executive decision.
Unlike Watson, the states he himself swung between were manic with energy to practically catatonic, with the only constant being his sour mood.
Watson’s head lifted, chin higher by several inches, back firm and proud once more. “That’s—erm—good. As you do. Meet with my approval, that is.”
John walked through the opened living room door of 221B for the first time with a pack of biscuits in each hand. When Sherlock’s eyes lighted on John’s haul, his expression seemed unable to settle on surprise or bemusement.
“Mmph.” John made a surprised sound, probably about to protest about morning breath, but instead he pulled Sherlock closer, giving in to it. Their teeth clicked slightly before they fell into a rhythm, their lips sliding softly against each other, John’s tongue tangling with Sherlock’s. It was a kiss of reassurance, for both of them, to chase away the pain of almost having lost this. John took his time, skimming his hand around Sherlock’s back to squeeze his arse. The movement pulled their hips together, and Sherlock’s cock, which was already half-hard, brushed against John’s hardening erection.
“Bloody hell,” John swore. "Bloody, fucking
“Dammit,” John muttered. “I’m going to get you some more paracetamol, hold on.”
It would be one of thousands, the first kiss of the rest of their life, if he had anything to say about it. When the thought crossed his mind, he felt himself smile into Sherlock’s lips, and Sherlock started smiling too, but neither of them pulled back enough to see it.
. It’s been years, John. Holding onto anger isn’t healthy.”
Lestrade shook his head once.
“Sex. We were just talking about this. Why I can’t lose myself in the moment and...“ he gestured in front of him, hoping that his point is implicit.
Thank you so much as usual to
“I love you, too, Sherlock.”
John looked at him. “So if you had your suspicions the whole time, why did we come here? Why take the case?”
John stared at the hand for a moment, then unclenched his fist and shook it. He wasn’t entirely sure why he was shaking the hand of someone who was quite possibly unhinged.
Moriarty tilted his head, looking at John as if he were examining a fascinating specimen. The door slammed behind the last of the students, and suddenly he was alone with Moriarty. The professor walked over to the blackboard and began slowly erasing all the writing he had done during class. John shifted from foot to foot, still feeling uneasy.
“No, it’s…fine.” Sherlock stood.
“I thought you wanted...to take off your trousers,” Sherlock breathed.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the dark-tinted rear window roll down halfway.
“Investment bankers,” Sherlock said, looking at the two men.
know, though, he hadn’t said anything, which could mean he didn’t want John that way. John was the most important person in his life, and they would both do anything for each other, of that John was certain. But what if Sherlock simply didn’t want…
Sherlock didn’t reply, but he nodded, once.
“I can’t stop thinking,” Sherlock announced.
Sherlock grinned, and started to climb onto the bed, but John realized that—ridiculously—they were both still mostly clothed.
That night, he came home, poured himself a scotch, and immediately drained it.
Chi raised her eyebrow. “I did. What, do you think because I have cancer I can’t fold some pieces of paper?”
Occasionally, he woke up in the middle of the night at a noise from the flat below, and he would think it was Sherlock experimenting on something downstairs. Then he would remember.
When they were finished, Sherlock got up from the table and shrugged his coat back on. John followed him outside, and they walked at a leisurely pace back to the flat. When Sherlock was about to use his keys to open the door, John grabbed him by the elbow.
He reached in his pocket, pulling out the yellow crane, which he had carried with him every day. He re-folded the tiny paper head, smoothing out the wings.
Feeling slightly confused, John took the jumper he offered, which was a soft, dark blue. “Is this cashmere? I can’t accept this.”
John’s forehead crinkled, and a range of emotions flicked through his eyes, including the look he got when he was about to snog Sherlock senseless. “I love you too,” he said. “You’re the love of my fucking life, actually.”
“Doctor Watson?” A hand was on his shoulder.
The man looked a bit surprised, but the chuckled after a moment. “What’s your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
“Fuck, I want. I
“Arrest these men,” Sherlock said. “Larry too.”
… want to walk the Freedom Trail? Like a tourist?”
John groaned, licking and nipping harder on Sherlock’s neck. Slowly, torturously slowly, he started to roll his hips, grinding himself into Sherlock.
. John wanted him, John was here, John was his, John was over him and under him in every way. It was enough, because it was
John met his eyes, and for a moment neither of them moved, they were just breathing each other’s air, and then John was pushing him back against the bed. John pulled off his jumper, leaving his vest and jeans. He crawled onto the bed, settling between Sherlock’s thighs, pressing him into the mattress. Sherlock couldn’t find the words to protest that John was still wearing far too many clothes.
They spent the rest of the afternoon going to historical sites, something that John would never have thought Sherlock would enjoy. It turned out he was just as fascinated by places where people died long ago as he was by murders in the present day.
He could cross the distance in only half a second.
“You don’t think he would have wanted you to go on living?” she said quietly.
John slammed his hand into the headboard for more stability, pumping his hips inward, his stomach rubbing against Sherlock’s cock.
By the time late afternoon rolled around, Sherlock was still in his room. John was starting to worry that something was actually wrong.
John froze.
John sighed, but he still looked amused. “It’s really nothing I didn’t expect from you but… for one thing, ordering me into the bedroom isn’t going to get either of us in the mood. It’s not like a transaction, you know.”
Sherlock frowned. “What?”
“God, yes,” John said. “Please don’t stop.”
John took a few jumpers from Baker Street and moved back into the same bedsit he’d lived in before he’d met Sherlock. He didn’t take any furniture, and he never went back to 221B after.
"Hey, look at me," John said, reaching up to cup Sherlock’s face with one hand. “It’s just me, yeah?”
He contemplated briefly that he should extricate himself from Sherlock’s grasp and go make some tea, but for now it was too pleasant to be in this position. It was a stolen season, though.
Sherlock sighed, his adam’s apple bobbing up and down as he swallowed.
Sherlock mirrored the action. “Can we…”
“Take me to bed,” Sherlock said, his eyes dark.
“Okay,” he said out loud, nodding. “Okay.”
He shook, and shook, and eventually he rolled to the side, letting Sherlock breathe. He grabbed his vest and cleaned them both off as best he could, then lay down, flopping an arm over his eyes.
For hours on end, he and Chi would fold cranes and talk about anything from the countries he had visited (leaving out the gorier aspects of why he had been there) to her favorite math teacher. He was still slow, (triangle, triangle, kite, long triangle, wings, head, repeat), but there was something meditative about making the tiny paper birds.
John slid his hand into Sherlock’s hair, something he’d longed to do so many times, pulling his head down so that he could slip his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, tentatively, and Sherlock let out a small whimper.
John let his upper lip curl, a deep pit forming in his stomach at the thought.
“Checking you out, you idiot. You might have a concussion.”
The clerk’s smile faltered, but she recovered quickly. “Nice to have a hobby, eh?”
“No, not. I mean. Yes, but I…” Sherlock made a noise of frustration. “I wanted to do something for you. I... don’t normal people do this? Go to faraway places for fun? I didn’t think going to a beach in Bali was your style, and I don’t like heat anyway. And when Wilson called me, I thought… New England in the fall is supposedly nice, people are always going on and on about the leaves and whatnot, and you like watching sport…”
John rubbed his eyes with his left hand, feeling exhausted. One thing at a time.
Sherlock stood up abruptly, slipping the magnifying glass into his pocket as he strode away. “Come along, John,” he said, over his shoulder.
John rolled his eyes, taking a sip of his tea and settling back in his chair. He was rather tired himself, but he couldn’t let Sherlock slip into a coma or he’d never forgive himself.
John was nursing a glass of the scotch Mycroft had brought, figuring it would be a waste to bin it out of spite. He definitely had a healthy buzz going, and the fact that Sherlock was playing violin gave him an excuse to stare unabashedly at him. There was something sensual about the lines of Sherlock’s shoulders as he played, the tilt of his head, the way his fingers caressed the strings. Sherlock was a musician, there was no way about it. He seemed to become a part of the music as he played, and it was amazing to behold.
“Brilliant,” John said, almost at a whisper.
Sherlock considered this for a moment, before he nodded. John pulled him to his feet and flung one of Sherlock’s arms over his shoulder.
His lips twitching slightly in amusement, Sherlock reached out and took John’s cock by the base, stroking up it a few times. He leaned in to kiss the head, then enveloped it with his lips, sucking lightly a few times as he continued moving his hand.
“I should have seen it, I—” John rubbed his hand over his face.
Sherlock’s eyes were a bit sleepy, but no longer glassy and fever-ridden.
“In his mind, certainly. If you were to ask him, he’d certainly say his arch enemy. He does have a flair for the dramatic.”
Sherlock thumbed at the heads of their cocks, and John felt himself getting close already. They continued like that for some time, until Sherlock started thrusting with more intent. John reached down with both hands to grasp Sherlock by the hips, holding on for the ride.
John was now sure that he recognized the two voices: they were the two men that had beaten Sherlock up in the alley.
Mrs. Hudson hadn’t put it up, so…it had to have been Sherlock. Sherlock had put mistletoe up in their flat. Why?
He kissed Sherlock again, tenderly, pouring every ounce of love he’d felt since that first day into it, and slowly, started rocking again, building them up to the crest this time.
He slammed the door to Sherlock’s room open, wincing at the noise. They both paused, listening, but there was no noise from upstairs.
“No, you didn’t. I heard them hitting you all the way from the street.” He prodded Sherlock’s chest slightly, and he winced as John touched his right side. “Bruised ribs, if not fractured.”
John felt Sherlock’s cheekbones and nose, then took out his stethoscope and lifted up Sherlock’s shirt. He tried not to think about the intimacy of all this--as if Sherlock were just any another patient--as he listened to Sherlock’s chest. “Breathe,” he said. Sherlock obeyed. “Again.” Sherlock’s deep breath turned into a hacking cough this time.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open slowly, his cheeks flushed, and John was forcibly reminded of how he’d looked at him that morning, when he’d just woken up.
“Keep telling yourself that, maybe it will come true.” John had to physically stop himself from pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s temple. Being in bed with him was intoxicating, not in a sexual way, necessarily, but in an intimate way–in a way he’d been longing to be with Sherlock for far too long. He was so in love with him that it felt like his chest was caving in with it.
John paused, then tapped one index finger against the table. “You mean to say that a woman has been giving you hearts from a morgue?”
“No,” he said too quickly. “It’s only – the staff. They were different with me. Than before.”
Watson’s hand was in his pocket, while the other clutched his cane. He flexed his left hand repeatedly, as if trying to shake something off. In profile, Watson was partially facing the sea. He was eying it appraisingly, and appeared almost entranced. Watson even began to lean forwards. It struck him that this was rather risky behaviour, and as this thought occurred, Watson’s hand slipped on his cane.
“You had better not sit like that while we have company – No, no, not over there, honestly! – Listen, anyone who is anyone in Monte will be coming to see me tonight, so you’d better not be up to any of your usual tricks," Wilkes instructed, again, with his attention rather divided as a staff member had almost put a chair in the wrong spot. "In fact, don’t speak unless spoken to. And please, no repeat of that other night with Watson! I’ve already had someone run an invitation to him, seeing as you weren’t around.”
“Look, the master would be very worried, very distressed, if he knew how you felt. I honestly don't think he has any idea that you think these - these - things, “ Lestrade finished lamely.
If he had been a few years younger he might have burst into tears. Instead he felt a pricking at the corners of his eyes, which he willed away stubbornly. He knew his face would be red, and that his eyes would match.
The hallway outside the room had not received the same gasoline treatment, but it was difficult to see past the flames licking at the main bedroom door. The West wing had been the only section of the house he had never investigated for secret passage - if Moriarty had escaped, Sherlock did not know what direction he had headed. Sherlock shut the ante room door in an effort to contain the fire, and ran back towards the main entrance where the wings split, pulling his scarf upwards to cover his mouth. The fire was raging by the time he passed beneath the archway, with serious damage likely already inflicted to the structural integrity of the house. Overhead and around him, Sherlock could hear the popping and groaning of the wood as it burned.
(See the end of the chapter for
He felt himself flush in embarrassment. He was Mr Watson. He was married to John. He had taken John’s name. His name was Mr Watson now. Only, he kept forgetting.
“Sherlock, you all right?” John asked, watching Sherlock’s feathered chest heave. “You look…”
Though, not trusting him enough to say he understood Sherlock’s plan.
However, now wasn’t the time to become distracted. “Has it caused you any pain recently? Any changes?” Sherlock asked, waiting for the boiled water to cool. John shook his head, while Sherlock reached into the bowl for the scalpel.
“Transfer,” John muttered as he stood again, standing on his bad leg, with his aid luckily still clamped tightly to his upper thigh and calf.
“There’s a man,” John began, staring at the back of that dark curly head, “and he definitely knows you’re here. Who is he, and how does he know you’re here?”
None of this explained what was bothering him about the servant.
John was coughing before he had even reached the last stair up to their flat. Sherlock could hear it echoing down the hall, along with John’s feeble attempt moments later to air out the room, heavy footfalls crossing the living room to open the windows.
He heard the door open, and the slow, ambling entrance of his visitor. Moriarty, of course.
Once John nodded, Sherlock floated above him into the air, and hopped up the domed surface of the glass greenhouse. John watched, heart in his throat, as the black henchmen changed direction, drawing away from the glass to chase after him.
“All right, all right, don’t overdo it,” John said, though touched nonetheless. “It was better thinking than your plan at any rate. Which was, apparently, leaving me behind while you got captured.”
John said, and paused, swallowing. His throat was dry, even though he was barely speaking above a whisper.
wall?”
Sherlock smiled at that, though it looked as though his mouth didn’t quite know what it was doing.
“No. Calls aren’t going through, I think it’s likely out of battery. He probably thought he’d be able to recharge it this morning.” John doesn’t like to think about what that meant, about where Sherlock is that he couldn’t charge his mobile, which was essentially an extension of his being.
John had prepared the house especially for him? He felt almost as warmed as he did when John had kissed his hand.
“Perhaps the results of the appointment were something she wished to communicate to you. But we won’t know until we speak to him.”
John’s brow furrowed, taken aback. Ah, so not that then. “I was going to say fetish,” John clarified, with an aborted laugh.
“He was also Mary’s confidante,” David declared. “They were together for years before coming to Manderley, and he won’t be under Watson’s thumb like our last witness.”
That makes Sherlock laugh, at least. What adventures we’ll have. Mrs. Hudson will love us.
Watson insisted it was no trouble, and Sherlock seconded it. “I assure you, I’m very grateful for the excuse to visit the countryside.” Towards the end of the statement, his glance slipped to Watson beside him. They shared a look that he prayed he was not imagining.
Moriarty pushed his curls back from his ear. “She’d laugh up at him, and he would do as she told him. He was always laughing with her.”
“It’s unfortunate that you can’t take a photograph, Lady Irene,” he spoke into the vast room, his voice carrying. “Hard to ensure there aren’t any discrepancies between a fake and the real thing, just by memory.”
“Did you tell her you were expecting me?” John must have been truly gone on Sherlock, because even that seemed charming, in its way.
“Ah,” John said, recalling the rumours in Market Chipping. “I get the feeling I know the nature of your blackmail material.”
John drew back from Sherlock’s lips, mind fuzzy from the kissing and blood hot from the grinding, but attempting to think with his brain rather than his cock. “Um,” John said, blinking. “Not to be rude, but - ”
The truth made far more sense than his assumption; all the pieces that hadn’t fit with the image of Sherlock building in John’s mind had been tossed away with this revelation, and everything else left behind slotted together. What Sherlock had missed was as obvious as what he had liked.
As she took the vase from his hands, he thought to also mention, “And Molly, rather than hydrangeas, make it lilac this time? Goes much better with the room’s colouring. And don’t let it get like this again.”
It was the same jacket Sherlock had given him, that he had found laid out on his bed in the night.
John signed, gesturing more than he spoke as he showed all the areas he’d have loved to press his mouth against.
He leapt up from the chair, his body protesting, and drew back the thin curtains to find, to his delight, John’s car parked outside. John must have arrived recently for them to not have already taken it to the garage. He would have denied it to the ends of the earth, but his heart kicked in his chest at the sight of it. It had only been a day, he told himself, but it didn’t change that lightness he felt, or the blood rushing to his cheeks in excitement.
> SH?
“A toast, to our new friend Watson! How lovely it’s been to see him in Monte, finally out and about in the world. And a toast as well to his dearly departed wife, Mary Watson, in honour of her memory!”
He paced, needing to think to keep from going mad – the room, the hotel room. It was not the room of an average man to be sure, rather it was exceedingly tidy, and not just from the staff’s diligence as they obviously hadn’t been in yet. John kept military-neat corners on his bed, and the dressing table was bare. No photographs. He had looked for them instinctively, expecting one in particular, on the mantelpiece perhaps in a large dark wood frame. Instead, nothing. Nothing to deduce. Though sometimes, the absence of something was eloquent in and of itself.
“If this is meant as a kindness, it’s at best unnecessary and at worst offensive. I don’t need your pity John Watson,” he said, while standing with every intention to leave, now, before this became even worse than it already was.
> Right, yes. I just meant I don’t want you thinking that the girlfriend I mentioned was a front 'cause I’m in the closet. I’m not using her as a beard or anything.
The car was moving faster than advisable up the winding, unpaved road. It was undoubtedly similar to the speed John had driven at earlier that day, while holding him tightly and with one hand on the wheel. He waved to the car just as the boy had, urging John to see him.
Sherlock rocked back on his heels with delight. Then, while cupping John’s hair in one palm, he squatted down in front of the fireplace, and using a poker, began tapping at a loose brick towards the back. Once the brick was wiggled out of its slot, John could see a small hiding place, and a jar within it. Curiously, Sherlock leaned into the fireplace over the hot coals, unscrewed the lid, and stowed John’s hair in what appeared to be a jar of dust.
John noticed that near its base, there were two sturdy branches. Sturdy enough to act as foot holds.
John seemed to hesitate once they were outside of the building. He leaned on his cane, but mostly out of habit. “It’ll be a very long time in there Sherlock, everyone giving their evidence again -”
“There you are,” said a deep voice from behind him.
As riveting as it was to watch the bots plod along the planet’s never changing landscape, John suited back up to return to the Hudson. If John was more on edge while walking the short distance to his still open hatch, surveying the area and craning his neck within the suit’s helmet, at least there was no one there to see.
Staring right at John. Sherlock parted his lips and moaned.
husband from the papers. John Watson was in itself a common enough name, and while John was his constant companion and helpful partner, he was the less noticed of their duo.
When he returned to the waking world, it was with a hazy recollection of the events of his dream. The full memory of it was elusive. Like trying to hold water in cupped palms, he would catch it for a moment before it slipped away again. However, even the vague understanding of its nature was more than enough for him to know Wilkes would mock him endlessly if he ever found out. Which was foolish - how could Wilkes possibly know? And know what, exactly?
“But then?” Sherlock prompted.
> It’s boring as hell, actually. Or so I suspect. But I need the work.
“What are we going to do about that, sir?” Moriarty asked pleasantly, as though they were discussing what they were going to do about being short on ham for supper.
John didn’t confirm, or deny it. “About today. I didn’t mean—”
“Sherlock,” John said slowly, only just managing to not throttle him. “What have you done?”
Sherlock waved from the doorway, not listening, his sheet hunched around his shoulders. Sighing, John began his journey towards the spire in the distance.
Sherlock flushes with pleasure, possibly at being called ‘love’ for the first time, possibly because of the overall sentiment.
“You’re all about the details, but not the ones that matter. I think it’s a wonderful idea, and you could even make it a period ball officially. Have a theme. That way everyone is in keeping with the general style. No one wants to see a clown dancing with a lady in powder. Besides, they’re more like distant relations.”
“Oh, I’m not keeping you from Sherlock at all,” the Wizard said, looking past John’s shoulder. “Hello, Your Majesty.”
“Tell me,” Harry continued, as if he hadn’t spoken, “are you very much in love with him?”
“Just me here, talking to myself,” John mutters, “sitting on my bad leg.”
“Would you care to join me?” John asked, the smile returning, and spreading wide across his face. He realized John had meant it as a joke, but yet, only if Sherlock wanted it to be a joke. John was excellent at this kind of thing, testing the waters but providing himself with an escape route. Sherlock admired it despite it making him unsure what John was ever asking of him.
But Watson didn’t answer; he just stared back at him with those tired eyes, the bags beneath them more apparent than ever. It was more than he could bear.
John attempted to compose a message. He attempted it seven times. John typed out “Hi,” then backspaced. He typed out “Thanks… for all of that,” then highlighted it all with his mouse, and pressed delete. John started and stopped the message another five times over the next five minutes, until his therapist’s advice came to him in his hour of need.
“Hush.” Mrs Hudson pulled Archie along towards her door. “Let’s run along.”
Opening the bathroom door was another struggle, requiring three tries as John’s hand slipped on the knob. Once inside, John deposited Sherlock onto the toilet lid, where he slumped over and would have fallen to the floor if not for John holding him up with one hand, as he turned the taps over the bath with the other.
John was dismissive, but after their conversation, he did take more notice of the discussion about the wizard. None of it was good, nor believable.
He didn’t have to convince Sherlock of anything yet. John could watch over the man himself, if he knew Sherlock’s progress throughout the timeline of events.
He tore at the worn edges of the map. What had moments ago been strangely charming was now annoying.
want to, or do you want to consummate our marriage so that it’s legally binding?” John asked, smoothing a hand down Sherlock’s side. Sherlock groaned, and not for the reasons he would have wished.
They eventually were able to retreat to their rooms, the only place they could really speak in private. Sherlock wished he could make John forget the stress of the oncoming inquest, but he needed to prepare the both of them, which required pressing John for information. They would need to start now if he was to get John ready in time. John was not good at lying outright. However, John was in fact excellent at misdirection and choosing his words so as to not tell a lie at all. And they could certainly use that.
Whereas John wouldn’t have classified his interest as “pure” in any sense of the word. While John wished it wasn’t the case, he also didn’t blame himself for it much either. He’d never met anyone like Sherlock in his life, and in a way that went far beyond the difference in their origins. John imagined that Sherlock was exceptional, even amongst their own kind. How could he help himself, with someone like that?
” he repeated, mockingly. “It’s already working,
“Hopeless,” John repeated with a wry laugh. “You think you’re hopeless?”
This John looked back at him in apparent distress, brows drawn so far forward they shadowed his bright eyes.
The change was rather unsettling, and he felt acutely that his attempts at gaining some of his own ground back had failed spectacularly.
It is likely this contemplation that causes John to be off his usual guard when a teen collides with his back. In the split second that this occurs, Sherlock can deduce the teen’s actions are part of a dare – the result of a group of teenagers snickering off to the side, not fully understanding the possible severity of their suggestion. This collision throws John completely off his balance, made worse by the fact that he had been leaning on his bad leg. To the shock of all onlookers, his fall is completely unimpeded, and he is sent flying off the edge of the platform. At this same moment Sherlock hears the sound of the oncoming train.
He was sure John wouldn’t look at him like that again, if he knew about the blood thing.
Instead of a bungalow, a block of flats. The door is answered by a petite, older woman, who wouldn’t look out of place having tea with Mrs Hudson.
“Did you know I recognized you as soon as you came in? I thought to myself ‘there’s Mr Watson, Stamford’s friend, he must be dying to see Mike’s honeymoon photos!’ and here they are –“ Wilkes presented the contents of the letter with aplomb.
“Yeah, I sort of noticed, what with you in hospital over it, Sherlock.”
“Anytime you’d like, perhaps when you’re bored? You have only to ask me, and I will show you the rooms in the West wing,” Moriarty persisted. “I will have the dust-sheets removed, and then you can see the rooms as they looked when they were used.”
The top of the sheet dropped from the man’s hands. They fluttered uselessly in front him, signing nothing that John could make out. And then, to John’s delight, his cheeks burned red.
“Well, I do believe I’ve caught my ‘man’,” he said to Watson, closing the door behind the Stamfords with a wink.
For lack of a better coping mechanism, his hands flew to his hair and tugged.
, though with the caveat that edible lube or saliva should be used instead. The guide also warned to not be taken aback if the partner was surprisingly vocal, or by the larger amount of semen produced. John felt like he should have been taking notes.
“I’ll lie down with you,” he interrupted, and John almost dropped the phone, recovering enough at the last minute to fumble it into its cradle.
“Your fears are the same,” she says instead. “Isn’t that a bit silly?” She continues to smile, simultaneously staring directly at him and not at all.
He nodded, retreating to gather his spilled samples. When he straightened from reaching down, he noticed Watson had moved back from the cliffside. In fact, he was standing rather close to him. Watson was staring at him in the same he had watched the sea.
“Don’t you?” Moriarty drawled. Sherlock resolutely remained facing his desk. The room was silent for a long moment.
Going for a pint. Boring. John probably wasn’t even really interested in that, hence why he never responded in the comments section. He probably pretended to be interested. He probably pretended to be normal, ordinary, when really his jumpers were hiding something extremely extraordinary. His friends probably resented him, partially due to his disinterest in them, but mainly due to knowing. Knowing he was something else.
> How awful of them. Not even another novelty pottery figurine mishap? I’d settle for a train collection this time. A coin collection, even. Stamp collection?
He hesitated in the hallway, overly aware that the servant was still standing with him. Did he go upstairs, or did he follow John into the library? The closed door seemed to suggest the former. He and John were similar after all. He too would much rather run than meet anything of a distressing emotional nature head on.
There was a reason Gladstone was drawn here, and John was not. This had been the late Mrs Watson’s boating bay.
“While the shoulder I gathered from the book, your recent recovery from a psychosomatic limp I did not,” Sherlock remarked, as if reading his mind.
Sherlock opened one eye at that, and stared at John. “Yes, but it’s on my own terms, and only for short periods.”
Bending at the knees, John slid one arm beneath Sherlock’s legs and the other around his back, and heaved. Even though Sherlock was taller than John, he was surprisingly light. He was also exceptionally slippery, which was almost worse than if he’d been heavy, and John struggled to maintain his grip as he carried Sherlock to the stairs. When Sherlock started to slip from his grasp, John gave up on bridal style, and hoisted Sherlock over his shoulder for the rest of the journey. The change of position caused Sherlock’s small, white towel to loosen, till it fell with a splat onto the third stair, lost in the process.
“Shall we?” John asked, before turning, and making his way back into the woods.
John, perhaps out of boredom and maybe even out of loneliness, had names for all the bots. His therapist would probably have had a few things to say about that, if he had ever told her.
“What’s an example spell?” John asked, leaning forward over the table to see the book, intrigued.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile, though he still wished to evade the question.
John squinted his eyes, but the text had already moved on to their actual statements. That couldn’t possibly have been right.
Sherlock spread John’s legs, forcing John to sit on the high ledge that the tree offered, and began to undo John’s flies with more confidence than he felt. He performed all of this with driven focus, never having wanted anything more in his life. Knowing that John would finally let him have it, without guilt, spurred him forward. He had never done anything like this before, but despite his general naivety, he knew well what sorts of things men could do with each other. He only hoped that the lewd comments he’d often overheard, exchanged between young men at school, wouldn’t prove to be poor advice.
Watson eyed him with ever growing curiosity. “And,” Sherlock continued, feeling brave, “just ‘Holmes’ will do.”
“What do you mean now what?” Sherlock responds, as he moves into the living room. “We’re waiting that’s what. Coming in here was your idea.”
Sherlock finally raised his head from the eyepiece. “I can eat food. There. Is that explanation enough?”
He felt used up from the day, and not hungry in the slightest. Was John honestly content to act as if nothing had happened? Ready to drink tea and pretend?
“You’re just going to deny the accusations then,” Sherlock surmised, looking straight ahead. There were too many factors. He could never account for all of them. How much the note itself divulged. How convincing Mary’s lover would be. How much Colonel Barclay currently suspected, or was capable of suspecting.
It could be worse, he supposed. At least Wilkes hadn’t caught him with Watson.
“Oh, I don’t know John, only
Goodness, Sherlock says. He taps John on the tip of his nose. It’s almost as if you’re a detective…
