purposes, or sentimental ones.
He steps out of the tub and takes Sherlock’s fresh towel. Begins to dry him, slowly, delicately: his square shoulders, the pale expanse of his chest, his long fingers and the webbing between them. His long, strong thighs, his arse, oh lord, that crowning glory, so unexpected in a frame otherwise so ... ectomorphic. It isn’t only Sherlock who’s half-hard now.
— He wanted me. You didn’t. SH
I thought briefly about contacting that pillock Anderson, and I probably should have done. But he really repulsed me, and I decided he could wait.
“What was I going to tell you
"I do have standards." Loftily.
Chapter title from Paul Simon; I've been missing him
"I'll be seeing you,
. When he’d communicated that he was being followed, I realised that I was living on borrowed time: whoever was monitoring him at least suspected I wasn’t dead. That sent me hurtling to the Belgrade cell, trying to control that hemorrhage on my own. Then, when I finally saw Mycroft’s report that John’s coworker was a plant from the Moriarty network, I knew for certain that Moriarty’s second in command, Sebastian Moran, as good as knew I was alive.
Every day that passed involved this internal debate. Was he alive or not? Bills never arrived; everything had been diverted to the bank, paid by direct debits according to the utility companies. I no longer paid rent; Mrs Hudson said that the whole amount was transferred every month from the bank account that still remained open. No one at the bank would tell me what was in there, whether money was still being deposited or not. But I took some comfort from the fact that the bank had not closed the account.
But now he was in a full-fledged giggle. “Yes, it is. Nice and peaceful. So I don’t see why you’re heaving gusty sighs over there. Come on. Out with it.”
cycling gloves? Hers looked ratty last time we went out together
— You aren’t. You’re a genius, not a freak. JW
John knew all about imprinting, and beginning as you mean to go on. There was every opportunity here for buyer’s reverse, if not remorse; on waking, Sherlock might take a step backward and let a paralysing mud of awkwardness come creeping back in. Nope. Not happening. He wasn’t going to give the man even ten seconds to start second-guessing this new development. Because it was clearly the right thing for both of them, and because it had taken fucking
“Indeed. The universe is rarely so lazy—but one time in a million even the universe must take a rest, yield to crass casualty. In any case, thank you, and thank
Post-it left on the breadbox: Because you mostly do. You figure out the plot or predict the dialogue or ridicule the protagonists.
“Well, you’re still arrogant.” But it was a backhanded compliment: she felt on firm enough ground to tease.
, when I seemed to hear his voice in my ear, as I’d heard it on the day I jumped.
“What are you asking us to do?” Sounds complicated, I thought.
CW: This chapter contains references to (not descriptions of) a death by violence.
. It’s named for the village where most of them live. The southwest of Ireland, in County Kerry.”
He buried his face in my neck and held me hard against him. “I’m sorry, John. I’m so sorry. I never should have kept you in the dark. I knew it would kill me to lose you, I just never thought—”
“I tried. But you’re tense about it.” Oh,
I don't know
. Next chapter will find us in Venice.
He remembers standing in front of the bathroom mirror in late September, taking inventory. The lost weight that wouldn’t come back: his bones too prominent, his skin stretched dull and sallow over hips and collarbones and elbows. The shameful map of needle tracks along his arms. The man in the mirror had looked weak, diminished; he looks better now, especially when groomed for going out.
The noise level in the room went sky-high as everyone tried to cram an hour’s worth of conversation into the twenty-minute break.
“Just don’t drop me, I don’t want to look like a
— So is GFC. Ever since you texted me. SH
with him?
Here we are, kind readers, at the end of the Angstmobile line.
In early December, nearly six months after Sherlock flew out of my world and left me all but dead in it, I had the radio programme play him a song that came out of the embryonic hope germinating in my brain: “We’ll Meet Again.”
Our days in John’s Bromley flat were a study in beige. I kept scanning the drapes, upholstery, cushions, “art” on the walls, carpeting (unpleasant), looking for some flash of contrast to the relentless neutrals. The flat was unnaturally empty, nothing left lying on the end tables, no cheerful confusion in the bookshelves. Even the books were bland colours, and all but arranged by size. (Did she buy them in bulk at Ikea?) The occasional note of burgundy, a sober colour in itself, positively blazed next to the four hundred variations on sand, twine, écru, tan, and bone. The horrible suspicion arose that Watson's tastes might be shaped for life.
” What he thinks, however, is more like “Even those tedious frescoes would be better than another hour of this.”
phrasing was awkward, certainly. It dropped into the silence like a glass shattering on impact.
She is a
(See the end of the chapter for
not good.
“Alright,” came the echo. Then, after a moment, “Then this is me, loving you back.”
– Coy and cowardly.
: Not looking good.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
So I deliberately blurred my mental focus. The most observant man in the world, he calls me, and I turned that faculty off. I saw only cases, and Watson. Watson, and cases. And I turned away from him.
“Overwrite it.”
— And, let me add, I miss you.
The next morning was melancholy. I wanted to call Sherlock, but I dreaded finding that he wasn’t at his parents’ house, as he'd said he would be. I didn’t want to know for certain that he'd deliberately avoided me, and I didn’t want him to lie. So I settled for texting him.
The fountain of Trevi was indeed magnificent, if not to my taste. It was backed by an imposing
There had been years on end when I felt he had put the reins of his life into my hands so that he could resent me for it, and rebel, and drench every word he spoke to me with caustic loathing. By the time John Watson limped into our lives I was depleted, and almost without hope that Sherlock would ever get a handle on his own reins. —Not a terribly successful metaphor, I admit. But Sherlock as both horse and rider does at least hint at how he was both the author and the victim of his own intense emotions, and his failure to control them.
balm on the wound of having parted without any goodbye at all, it was the kind of balm that stings.
, no. Where did you get that idea? Honestly, Sherlock. For someone who can tell what a bloke’s been doing by looking at his shirt cuffs—how could you ever have thought I was seeing someone? The only thing I ever had on my cuffs was Rosie’s sick!”
didn’t want, to know what other scenes John had seen. It was humiliating even to think of it. “What was Mycroft playing at? What did he want to accomplish?”
Prompt: "Baby please come home"
— How did you get up there? SH
“I take your point. There are several good reasons to think I should leave it to someone else.”
make me
“It’s just—you. You. Are. Sheer bloody brilliance, on top of being sex on legs. I never get tired of it. I never get to the
“You had a ring on the table for her, and I blanked. I couldn’t think of anything but how to make my reappearance into a magic trick, something so unexpected that you’d be too blown away to realise how gutted I was.”
“Then maybe you’d better do something.” It was a clear invitation, but to what—that was
At this he laughed outright, and turned his head and kissed me. I sighed.
Chapter titles all from
. Call it a hunch.”
I stopped dead and he tripped over my right foot, which was fair, as that foot wasn’t supposed to be there anymore.
“They don’t have to do it
“She’s John’s daughter, but she behaves just like you, Sherlock,” Mycroft said in his most languid, superior tone.
Jealousy was irrational but unconquerable. And he’d no intention of asking how she knew he’d been looking. It took him several tries before he could send back a neutral message, from which the words “harpy,” “poisonous,” and “shrew” were expunged.
I offered to pick her up at the station. The streets were disastrous, though, and I was relieved when she insisted on taking a taxi. The vehicle that deposited her at the flat with a pair of surprisingly heavy suitcases looked more like an armoured personnel carrier than an urban cab.
“You are coming back, aren’t you?” It was Sherlock’s turn to sound uncertain.
— Mummy said red, green, and sparkly. I’ll feel like a fool. SH
He's as close to imploring as I’ve ever heard him. But I am absolutely sure that this is the wrong time to tell him: it’s too soon, it’ll seem like an accusation, it’ll keep Zanardi in our bed forever.
— Trust you. JW
.” My voice was tight and I imagined Mycroft knew very well the real reason I didn’t want to see any more.
Mycroft stiffened. —Oh, for
John’s grin split his face—relief? Joy? His breakfast abandoned, he reached for Sherlock’s hand.
I had no ability to choose my words; they seemed to choose themselves, breathed into the skin of his neck.
Sherlock was silent, which meant that he was taken aback, re-evaluating everything he’d known or thought, in light of this new perspective. He didn’t need me to point out what it meant for his choices since the roof of Barts Hospital, though he might well need me to pick up the pieces as he came to terms with it.
After a dizzying shower left Sherlock and me weak in the knees and grinning loopily at each other, we got dressed—not very fast, to be honest, and not very efficiently. I couldn’t look away from him, his pale skin so lightly dusted with hair that he might have been a marble statue come to life. When I saw his lips purse satirically I realised that I hadn’t moved for several seconds, had frozen mid-gesture to watch those long slim feet pad over to the suitcase, his lean frame bending to retrieve fresh pants and socks. I had to gulp back saliva at the sight.
Hence the suitcase. What combination suggests
* * *
for the effects that kissing John’s mouth provokes in me, every time. It’s as though a kind of warm, liquid gold shoots up along my nervous system, and I can’t get enough of it, I chase that sensation as I taste his tongue, the inside of his cheek, his lower lip. I could do this all night.
dire. Make it two.”
I thought it was my prerogative to decide? Somehow this was far more delicate a topic, far more gross an oversight, than Sherlock’s equable tone made it sound.
* * *
From the corner of my eye I saw Sherlock stiffen, down at my feet. He didn’t freeze, exactly, but his smile was visibly fading. He wiped his mouth, stood up.
“Again, nope. She’ll be in school, and her aunts will be spoiling her rotten. We’re taking her to France in the summer anyway, and she’ll translate for me and make me feel a complete idiot. This holiday is for you and me. And you won’t make me feel a complete idiot, at least no more than usual.”
“Even if I ever were tempted to go further, in other words,
of it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXjdMV7SOfE
[...]
Head shots of Sherlock in various incarnations, some printed out from Mycroft’s files. (He’d never show around his most treasured photo, always in his wallet and now fraying around the edges.)
My voice was rising. “What if it was
But that wasn’t the point now. “The violin player was you, beyond any possible doubt.”
moody in its relationship with summer.
I thought without enthusiasm about the cold sheets in my cold room, and stood. John said, deliberately, “Of course, I could budge up.”
I loved taking John’s clothes off, seeing his public persona drop—for me, only for me—“grace laced with muscle, and strength by gentleness confined,” I always thought. Seeing him emerge from his layers of fabric never failed to affect me in the most instantaneous, intimate way. He knew it, and smiled as happily as the first time it had ever happened in this room.
There was a sudden noise downstairs: the flat’s back door clicked. I checked my phone; no text from Mycroft that one of his agents was on the move. My heart rate sped up. Well, of all the unwelcome coincidences: someone else had had the same idea, that this unoccupied space provided a fine view of Baker Street.
But Roberto Zanardi turned out to be a serious asset, as least as far as the case was concerned. He was quiet, not dramatic, and he spoke perfect English—no accent at all, just a few odd word choices sometimes, like he didn’t speak it all the time. That was a huge relief. I’d worried that he’d need an interpreter, and we couldn’t afford either the expense or the security risk. The danger of leaks was too high. The stakes were too high all round.
We told Rosie that we were going to have a wedding in December, and she was excited, mostly I think because she'd got it mixed up in her mind with Christmas. At least, the drawings she made of our prospective wedding contained a suspicious number of elves and reindeer for two middle-aged human males finally tying the knot.
Sherlock shut his eyes, face tense, hands at his temples, and God. He was everything, this man was everything. The clock counted down, and John waited, and watched, seeing how far Sherlock would take it, wondering if he knew already, if he knew what John was going to do to him, moments from now.
John and Sherlock go underground.
John fought a twinge of jealousy. He should be grateful. "Unbelievable."
"Goodbye, John. So nice to meet you at last," she called out. She turned back to Sherlock. "I can't tell you how glad we are, Sherlock. All that time, people thinking the worst of you."
He took a deep breath, and let it out in a ragged sigh.
John faked his way through a laugh, even as he realised he might have a lot of explaining to do, when all of this was over. He shot a glance at Sherlock, who was staring at the floor with such an intense focus that he might have burned a hole through it.
Sherlock did sit, his knee bumping into John's, while the two of them stared at each other.
Mark laughed, sardonic, as if the apology were the greatest outrage. "They're packaging our order for takeaway, John. I explained that there's been a family emergency. If you want to get out of here, we can go home, any time. Or, stay. Talk. I can go, if you want to catch up."
"You look wonderful, John," Mark told him, after the waiter took their order, and poured wine, and left them alone.
"Yes. He's smart." He was full of discordant emotion, every note playing at once—his grief, his anger, his love, his need. He coached himself to be steady.
"Lots of them, as it turns out."
John eased to his right. Another few inches, and he could finish this.
"What I'm trying to ask is, do you think this Jonathan Small fellow is connected to bonfire night at all?"
John wanted to stand, but he was tired. Better to sit for a bit. He crumpled into a chair, happy for the chance to relax. Might as well, while he waited for the shark to come out of the floor and swallow him whole. It was all part of the plan. Still, he knew he would get up and go to Sherlock soon. He had to. It was what he did.
Mark's cheeks had grown red, in the cold November air, in the heat of the argument. He grinned. "I suppose not."
"I'm a bit tired, yeah. Woke up last night and you weren't home."
Evening birdsong filtered down through the trees, a thrush, saying a last late goodnight, as John raised the gun, and thumbed the safety off. He crept forward, moving carefully, as noiselessly as he could, in the direction of the sounds he'd heard. If he and Sherlock could only find each other, they might finally be okay. He hit the edge of the trees, and worked his way slowly between them, advancing a few feet at a time.
Across the park, a gang of starlings chattered and picked their way among the fallen leaves. He put the papers aside, weighing them down with a stone from the edge of the path, leaving them for someone else to read. He'd only wanted them for the confirmation that Sherlock was really back, so he could relax a bit, knowing that he hadn't had some sort of psychological break, that he hadn't hallucinated the entire thing.
Sherlock would have to watch the wedding go forward, would have to accept his role as friend, as best man. And, if John was right, if Sherlock did have feelings for him, then John would have to block them, put him off, somehow, until he could sort it out.
, or something filthy, when they were in bed together.
"He's crooked, isn't he? You're getting married for a case. John Watson, you absolute bastard. I've never been prouder of you."
John shrugged. "I've seen it. It has the letters A G R A on it. One letter for each one of his group's remaining members, or so he told me. I'm meant to read it when we've gone through with the wedding. After."
button.
Sherlock had been so strange, blundering into the scene in the restaurant, stumbling back into John's life, as if the last two years were a half-hearted joke that even Sherlock knew wasn't funny.
She kissed his cheek. She was crying, tears streaming down her face. "You too." She leaned down and buckled his seat belt, then shut the car door.
"You've salted away every fact under the sun." Not every fact. John was certain that Sherlock hadn't tucked away how much John loved him, how John would give anything to belong to him—because John had never told him, had never managed to say. He wanted to watch Sherlock try.
His life had become an interlocking series of puzzle pieces, more complicated than anything a gang of criminals could have planned for him. Thank God for Sherlock, and his tailor, he thought. Thank God for whatever might see him through the next couple of weeks.
John had tried changing tactics:
John thought back to two years ago, to the pathetic, ill-attended service he and Mrs. Hudson had gone to. Greg Lestrade had been there, and some people from the Met who hadn't had a direct hand in betraying Sherlock. Molly, who had spent much of the afternoon avoiding John. "Molly Hooper knew."
hand embroidered on each of them, in lush rainbow letters.
At the sound of it, John rallied, tried to sit up. He'd insisted on this song. He remembered telling Mark to make sure that it went on the DJ's playlist.
John wasn't sure if Mark meant the watch, or the gun. He could feel his arms and legs, but he couldn't move them. He concentrated hard, and managed to get his right arm to twitch.
Sherlock nodded, staring into the red glow of the space heater. "I understand. No bomb about to go off. No pressure. No need to say anything. Just—life. You're getting on with it. You should." He shot John a woeful glance, closed his eyes, and took a sip of scotch.
She smiled at him, her hand fluttering, a grandiose gesture. "Oh, you know, that bonfire business, all of this trouble over keeping you safe. It's been a busy few weeks." She pulled a pink gerbera daisy from the margins of the bouquet, and tucked it in closer to the centre.
"Ah. Hi. Nice to meet you."
The system had started recording Saturday, November 9, the day he'd set it up, and kept going until Monday the 18
He'd isolated himself from his coworkers. He knew that. At first, it had happened because he was barely functioning at all, after Sherlock. Once he started seeing Mark, it was a byproduct of his old habit, of focusing on just one person, throwing everything he had into one relationship. He meant to fix that. Maybe he had the chance to, now that Sherlock was back. He could have Mark, and have—whatever he and Sherlock were to each other. Friends. Colleagues. He skirted around the idea of putting a label on it. Maybe they didn't need labels. Whatever they were, there was nothing wrong with having Sherlock in his life, and having a relationship with Mark.
Wordlessly, John rolled, facing Mark, pushing his way into Mark's arms. He was hard from the dream, just about at the bursting point, and he needed—he needed. He stripped off his t shirt as he climbed on top of Mark, straddling him, the pale skin of Mark's chest shining in the dim light from the hallway. When Mark had moved in, he'd put nightlights in strategic places, aimed at helping John orient when he woke in the night, helping him remember where he was, and with whom. He could see Mark, now, by their pale glow. He closed his eyes.
Mark shifted in his chair, and cleared his throat, not quite objecting. Things between Mark and Harry were awkward. John had thought, before he'd introduced them, that they would get along. They both had the same rough, aggressively cheerful temperaments, when they were in company. At the very least, he'd have expected his relationship with Mark to give Harry an opportunity to crow a bit. Instead, the couple of times they'd gotten together, the two of them had behaved like a pair of hissing housecats.
There, on the front stoop at Baker Street, out on the pavement, for anyone to see, Sherlock opened his arms. His hands shook a little, and his eyebrows quirked together, and he inhaled through his mouth, and he held his breath.
"John."
The work kept him occupied, at least. He prescribed antibiotics for a badly infected hand, and performed a general physical on a seventy year old man. Three patients in a row came in with some combination of strep throat and a cold.
He'd known, he'd figured, that Mark knew what Sherlock was trying to do. Nonetheless, the idea of the two of them, working together behind his back, made him explosively angry. He had refused to speak for the rest of the evening, and had slept on the sofa that night, full of regret and misery.
John knew that Mark had every right to be hurt, that Sherlock had interrupted their big night. That seemed like nothing now, a little thing, easily mended with a joke and a smile, later. Later.
John wore his shoes into the kitchen, and took them off by the back door. Removed his coat and hung it up over a chair. No need to flag the fact that he was home. He was prepared to take any advantage he could.
George laughed, his smile lighting him up from within. "Good man." He asked the bartender for a pint of cider.
"Not yet," Sherlock said.
theimprobableone, who had always been more than a bit creepy on the blog, despite being occasionally useful:
The trip home had involved some difficult moments, too, as John worked through the implications of the way he'd thrown himself at Sherlock in the train carriage, how he'd expected him to ignore the facts of John's life, his relationship with another man. He understood, now, that he'd had a vague, completely unfair idea that somehow Sherlock would make his decisions for him. He'd wanted Sherlock to overwhelm him, drag him out of his life with Mark. He hadn't wanted to take responsibility for himself.
"Well, don't gush all at once."
Inside, it was unexpectedly cosy. The place looked like a smaller, dingier prototype of 221b, with a pair of armchairs standing next to an oil space heater in one corner. A desk littered with papers dominated the other side of the room, crammed up against a set of three overflowing bookshelves. By the door stood a collection of plant pots and gardening tools, leftovers from the greenhouse's original purpose, John supposed. Sherlock stepped aside, hands clasped behind his back, and watched as John took it in.
John took his time returning to the flat. He stopped at a café, bought a cup of tea, wandered through the streets. Eventually, he got on the tube, and walked home from the station, staring at cracks in the pavement. Paradoxically, his head was clearer than it had been for a while. Perhaps his conscience would be clearer, too, going forward.
"Your sister," Mark said, watching him closely.
He'd always moved toward Sherlock, although he hadn't always known it. His whole life. Through all the long years of childhood, the lonely days spent huddled on the porch steps listening to his mum and dad fight. Through uni and the war and all the times he didn't think he could live another day. Through all the nights he'd lain awake, wondering if anyone would ever really know him.
"But we do," John said, running his thumb over Sherlock's jaw, heady with the idea that he was allowed to do it. "Are you ready to see what we've got?"
"Oh, John! It's so wonderful to meet you!" She held him by the shoulders, beaming, then kissed his cheek.
John studied Mark's face in the dim light. "I believe you."
, he thought, his whole body awake with everything he wanted to do. He jumped down. His feet crunched on the gravel between the tracks as he ran to catch up.
The chrysanthemums sat, a bright rust red, beside a bundle of wilted white calla lilies, wrapped in brown paper, and a mixed arrangement of carnations and gerbera daisies.
"But you know, right?" Three weeks. Too long. Anything could happen in three weeks. They could go anywhere. Disappear. John could be made to disappear.
Sherlock let out a laugh. "Ruining the mood, isn't it? Rude!"
Mark wasn't Sherlock. He didn't make John dizzy with his genius, and he didn't make John sick with a desire he could never express, because it could never take root in the arid soil of Sherlock's way of being in the world. John still missed Sherlock, with a terrible ache, and sharp pangs that woke him in the middle of the night.
"What was terrible?"
John's gut clenched. They'd spent so much time together, lately, he found himself feeling a hard, unpleasant pull at the concept of being away from Mark. The upset took him by surprise. He covered it with a joke. "So soon? I thought we were planning to get married."
"Yeah," John told him. "Let's get out of here."
The property Mark had taken John to was on the west coast of Cumbria, so the hospital was, likewise, far from London, and far from the London media circus that followed the story of John's kidnapping. John's care team turned out to be fiercely dedicated to protecting his privacy, so no one bothered him as he made his initial recovery.
The more he thought about Mark's behaviour, the changes in his communications, the more he recognised them as signs that he was right. Mark had been bossier than usual, asserting his place in John's life. Wanting, or needing, to keep up appearances, to maintain the idea that their relationship was solid.
"John Watson in need of something to do? Find a case that will interest him." Sherlock's smile had grown lopsided. "Can't do that so much any more, but maybe, at some point, we'll be able to again."
He realised how drunk he was, as the message struck him as utterly uncanny, entirely possible, and quite appealing. If he was dead, then he could carry on with Sherlock. Let them both be dead, and haunt this place forever.
John squinted as he read Mark's comment over again. There, again, was that bizarre
Regret tore at John's gut, its claws sharp. He took a deep breath. It was up to him, then, to make it better, easier for the both of them. Maybe, maybe, involving Sherlock with the wedding would somehow formalise the new configuration of both of their lives, draw lines that couldn't be crossed.
"Okay." A member of the homeless network, then. John stared at the offered phone, wondering what he was supposed to do with it. He had an idea that he would usually be vexed by the man's claim that he had some kind of close tie to Sherlock, but he was flying on the idea that he would get to see Sherlock soon, and amused by the way he seemed to have thought of everything.
Sherlock was standing on the sofa, studying an array of photos and notes that covered the wall. He was perched between an older man and woman, who seemed to be taking this behaviour in stride.
Mark's voice had taken on the hard edge familiar to John. "I wouldn't say unable."
Sherlock watched him steadily, the line of his mouth firm.
After working on the bike for a little while, John took it out. He rode slowly at first, testing his muscles for strength, and pushing himself, just until he started to feel winded. He stopped for a drink of water in a park close to the flat, watching the early sunlight illuminate the rough trunks of a group of ash trees, the dark bones of their bare branches reaching for the sky. He breathed in the cold air, and watched an elderly man settle on a park bench, a group of pigeons gathering at his feet as he took out a paper bag, and scattered seeds for them.
John looked down at his hands. Easier than he thought. Mark had already talked to Sherlock, of course. He'd been expecting the question. He'd prepared himself. "Thanks. Great. That's—great." His knuckles were white.
"We're fine," Mark told the
John dropped his smile, his heart pounding, as he waited for what would come next. He was certain, almost certain, that Mark wouldn't spoil his own moment of triumph. John couldn't afford to, either. He struggled to keep control of himself, when his instinct was to fight, to try to get the flash drive any way he could.
John scrubbed at his face. There it was: his new life, meeting his old. Everything sorting itself out. No decisions to be made. No lives to be turned on their heads. Especially not his.
John waited, letting the silence spin out between them. He waited for the words to come, to filter up through the mess of feeling he'd been sunk in for the last three and a half days.
John grew very still. His fist bunched at his side. "What?"
John kept an eye on the racquet bag, as though it contained a live snake, as he pulled out the clothes he'd brought with him, and hung them up on the coat rack.
Sherlock's voice was hushed as he spoke. "Did you have feelings for men, when you were in the army?"
"It was terrible," Sherlock said, finally.
The vicar murmured, "Very good," and carried on with the next part of the declarations.
Another text came through from Sherlock.
"You've been spying on me."
Mark frowned, a hint of a storm passing over his features. He stepped through the door, and closed it behind him, a smile moving across his lips. "I could be. Pawned your next one off on Dr. Chakraborty."
John took the phone and held it to his ear, wishing for a bit of hand sanitizer. He stared at Wiggins while he waited for whatever was going to happen next.
Mark just watched him, squinting a bit, corners of his mouth quirked up.
Sherlock said nothing, as if he couldn't speak. John remembered how he'd been, himself, in the days after the war, the first couple of weeks in hospital, after he'd been shot. Shut down. Virtually mute. Sherlock was doing much better, but that didn't mean he was okay.
Now that John had the chance to look more closely at the room, he saw that there were candles everywhere—on the bookshelves, on a low side table next to the chairs in the corner. They were supplemented by a couple of battery powered lamps. He looked up, trying to see the original structure of the place. The ceiling was made up of metal beams and tin roofing material. The whole thing felt like a secret cave, a hidden place, completely out of the way. Marvellous.
John was shaking, breathing hard, as he watched Mark leave.
John looked for the best way to approach the clearing. He needed a good, clean shot, one that would minimise the chance that Mark would get to pull the trigger.
It was good, taking responsibility for his own life. He couldn't leave everything up to Sherlock, especially if Sherlock wasn't speaking to him. He had to establish some kind of independence, where he could. It was time to embrace the idea that he was his own man. Get a life. His own life.
"Okay," John said, his voice barely coming out. He couldn't make any matching promises. They would all seem ludicrous, in light of the wedding.
"Nothing to get shirty about, dear," she said, picking up on his tone, because of course she'd heard it. "Just a little thank you. I gave him some advice about your trip, you know? Your honeymoon. He wanted to know what you would like."
Mark's soft smile was barely visible in the light from the hallway. In this moment, in the bed they'd shared all these months, he looked just like an ordinary man. "You sure I can't persuade you to give me a bit of your time, before you drop off?" His hand dropped between them, and tugged at the waistband of John's pants.
It was all crashing down on him, John realised, weighing on him just as heavily as it had weighed on John himself. The two of them, the wedding, the plot against them.
Somehow, it was 6:35. He sent a text to Harry.
He watched the bar, watched Harry. Water. She was drinking water. She was talking to someone, who leaned in, tall, head bowed, nodding. Sherlock. Somehow, he was everywhere.
"You all right, Sir?" One of the coppers stopped beside him, a young, ginger-haired man, freckled face showing concern, reaching for his walkie, in case he needed to call for help.
By some signal, music began to play over a speaker system—something classical, that Anika or Sherlock had probably chosen. John took a deep breath, and walked out to the altar, as Mark approached from the opposite side.
John's gut clenched, but he held himself back from taking a full step forward. He was meant not to care. He looked back at Mark. "See what I mean?"
"Known him long, have you?"
The lie sat there, between them, like a dare. Mark didn't lose a fraction of his grin as he watched John. If anything, his eyes grew a little brighter.
John patted Mark's hand. "I suppose whoever it is knows you're with me."
"Says you. Besides, there are other skill sets that are just as important as solving crimes. Sometimes people need other solutions to their problems."
"Sherlock." John meant for it to be a shout, but his voice fell away, and he felt as if he was hearing himself speak from the bottom of a deep well. His feet were cold.
"Sherlock, what are you talking about?"
Sherlock was comparing himself to Mark. Trying to rationalise, perhaps, John's choice to stick with him. John thought back to the conversation over dinner, Sherlock's claims about being there for John. Maybe he'd been trying to make a case for himself. Maybe trying to understand how he'd ended up on the outside.
"If you were a real friend, you'd tell me where we were going."
John knew what he had to face. He knew he should be terrified, but some combination of the drug, and Sherlock's arms around him, made everything seem like it was going to be okay.
"Oh, and you think I’ve just got 'How To Defuse A Bomb' tucked away in there somewhere?"
"I'm okay," he said. "Just—overdue for something to eat, I think."
"So you haven't tried to talk to him?" Mark asked.
"Will do," she said, as she squinted at John, the same look she'd worn when she'd caught him smoking out behind school, or skipping class.
"Yes. For me. Please."
"Your engagement ring. Let's get married."
The things he felt for Sherlock, because of Sherlock—those were just fantasies, another version of the dreams he'd been having all along, since the day they met. Once he'd gotten over the shock of Sherlock's return, once he'd followed through on his plans and proposed to Mark, those dreams would probably settle down, and return to their rightful place, on the long list of things that were nice in theory, but could never come to pass.
Over takeaway Thai food, which they ate mostly in silence, Mark said, "So, the big question."
"It was." Sherlock fixed him with a fond gaze. His smile faded, as he took a deep breath. He turned, and looked out the window, swinging the poker in his hand. "I shouldn't have come back, even now."
Behind them, a few palace guards, and some men in standard khaki military uniforms, had formed a small crowd. A quick search of the assailant revealed a thin skewer, sharpened to a narrow point, hidden up his sleeve, which had stabbed his wrist when John pushed him down.
From across the room, Bill Murray, and John's other army mates, George and Vince, were approaching, smiles on their faces, wanting to talk to him. John fidgeted. The flash drive was still all but burning a hole in his pocket.
"Were we?" Mrs. Holmes gaped at Sherlock, as he started bundling her out through the door.
"Well, George and Vince will be keeping an eye on the door, so Mark isn't going anywhere near there. Plus by all accounts you're going to be busy trying to get a stain out of your shirt."
It didn't have to be that way, he reminded himself. He'd come to the graveyard to put all that behind him. He flexed his hands. He couldn't feel them anymore. He should have worn gloves.
"And then I found out about all the other women. I didn't have a clue! So, when he was actually arrested for blowing someone's head off, it was quite a relief, to be honest."
"Oh God," Sherlock said, collapsing onto the sofa, the garment bag John had brought his suit in crinkling under him. "Because you would do that."
"Okay. Yes! When?"
The road seemed to take them on a loop around the outskirts of the park, through trees, past maintenance sheds, and a couple of car parks that seemed reserved for employees. Eventually, they turned onto a grassy field, and stopped. Gabriel got out, and opened John's door for him. He handed John a torch.
The two of them were still standing close together. John took Sherlock's hand. Sherlock looked down at the carpet, and swallowed hard. Wanting to leave no ambiguity in what he was about to do, he took Sherlock's other hand as well. "Sherlock, look at me. I have to talk to you."
featured a picture of the two of them at the Landmark, clutched in their awkward embrace. A grainy shot, taken on a mobile phone.
"You've changed, John." Mark rested his hand on John's hip.
John couldn't help the smile that moved across his face. "Of course he is." He should have known, should have guessed.
Mrs. Holmes clucked her tongue. "Indeed." She gave her husband a murderous glare.
as he went off to help Mrs. Hudson, who hadn't needed helping at all. Later, he'd regretted those words. Blamed himself for Sherlock's death. He hadn't protected him at all. He was trying to now, but he was hurting him, too, doing damage he wasn't sure he could undo.
Sherlock stood, obedient, pliant.
John pedaled through the streets, going anywhere, going nowhere, rushing past mums with strollers, and couples taking their early evening walks, pushing his speed until his legs were numb, his arse worn out from the bicycle seat, and his lungs, spent. The last of the sunset faded from the sky, and it was nearly full dark.
Maybe, he thought, telling Mrs. Hudson this news could be a testament to everything he and Sherlock should have been. Yes. It was all right to be nervous. It was okay to be sad. But he was reclaiming his life, owning a part of himself he never could have, before.
"Things were bad, then. Six months ago. They were bad the whole time, after you were gone." He winced at the memory. "I didn't know how—" His throat tightened on him, strangling his voice. He waited, took a deep breath, and continued. "I didn't know how to go on."
John frowned at his phone, and typed a reply.
The world suddenly felt habitable again, like there was space around everything. He felt a smile coming on, the still unfamiliar feeling of hope, moving across the surface of his skin, mingling with the urgent need, building in him, to understand what was possible, what he and Sherlock might discuss, and do.
John nodded. "I suppose. I've been in touch with everyone on my side." A partial truth. Sherlock was on his side, technically speaking.
She shook her head. "It's a surprise, John. For you. He really is lovely."
"For what?" There was nothing to forgive. Not if they could erase the mistakes of the past, and move on, together.
John's hands slid around to cup Mark's arse through his pyjamas. He ran his thumbs over Mark's hip bones.
"Yes. I don't understand."
John was full of nerves, suddenly, at the prospect of seeing Sherlock again, even though it was all he wanted. He rode through the streets until he ran out of breath, until he was worn out and the muscles of his legs shook. He returned home, half resolved to break through his own resistance, get in touch with Sherlock, and push past all this awkwardness once and for all.
As he headed down the stairs and out into the yard to fetch his bike from the shed, John realised he was over-thinking. He'd been doing far too much thinking, lately. He was probably just borrowing trouble, trying to rationalise the fact that he was a bit nervous about tonight, about going to see Sherlock.
Mark flipped a page of his magazine, raising his eyebrows at a picture of a bride in a red dress. The title of the article was
. The last time John had heard it, well. It had sounded just the same:
John felt a thousand tensions he'd held within him burst, and he softened, and allowed Sherlock to hold him. This was the proof that he hadn't been willing to admit that he needed, not just that Sherlock cared, but that he knew how to take care of his heart. A surprise, on this night, of all nights, in this moment when John could not allow himself to reciprocate. John knew, as if he hadn't before, that he would do anything, absolutely anything, for this man.
John ran his fingers through his hair once more, tidying it. Smoothing his jacket down, he took another deep breath, and took out his phone.
"Major Sholto."
came out.
"Oh!" Sherlock ran to the end of the platform, and jumped down onto the tracks.
He took a step back, and looked up at the dozen or so other home security kit options the store carried, along with the individually packaged cameras to his right. He fought a momentary spell of dizziness, took a deep breath, and settled himself. He didn't feel right in his body. He didn't expect to.
He supposed that none of that mattered, now that he knew the relationship was over. He looked forward to moving on with his life, into his future with Sherlock, once everything was settled, once they'd dealt with the conspiracy against them.
Mark climbed into the driver's side. "The legendary gun of Doctor John Watson." His expression was grim, as he started driving.
"You're Sherlock Holmes. You're as clever as it gets."
He supposed that act of grace was part of the same track he'd been on since he'd met Sherlock. There had been so many luminous, unforgettable moments along the way: the day they met, and the next day, when they decided to move into 221B together. The first hints of real understanding between them. The cases and the wild solutions and the sense that they'd done something good. The trip to Dartmoor, the bed they'd shared, in the
John took a step inside. "It's all right, isn't it?"
A look of frustration came over Violet's face. "What?"
He was getting ahead of himself.
He left the clinic, letting himself out into the dark January evening, determined that whatever happened tonight, he would try to enjoy himself. On his way to the tube station, just as he passed a small older woman bundled into a tattered down coat, hobbling down the pavement, she dropped her cane on the sidewalk. John bent down to pick it up for her. As he handed it back, she slipped a folded piece of paper into his free hand.
John arrived at the tailor's a few minutes early for his 2 o'clock appointment, only to find it wasn't there. He double checked the address on the card Sherlock had sent him: John had it right, but there was no storefront, just a number above a locked door, and an intercom. He pressed the button, looking down the street one way, and then the other. The whole thing had the aura of a spy story, which, he supposed, he was already living.
Slowly, her frown turned into a tremulous smile, and she nodded, and looked up at him. "Do you want to go have a look upstairs?"
"No!" she said, crinkling her nose. "No! It was just a whirlwind thing for us. We had a fantastic time, but of course I didn't know what he was up to." Her voice dropped into a whisper. "The drugs."
"Thanks, honey," he replied, his heart feeling charred.
John sat up, and stared at Mark, speechless.
Harry put her hands in the air, threw her head back, cried "Yes!" then put her arms around John's neck. "Jones here is my new best friend. Water for booze, any time you need." She pulled back, and grinned at him.
"It's cold. Come in," Sherlock said.
"What I have to say isn't easy, Sherlock. I've kept things from you, and perhaps I shouldn't have, but I didn't know what else to do. I just want you to know, even if you can't forgive me, that I wanted to keep you safe. I think you'll understand that much."
John had spent his days at the clinic with Mark avoiding making a show of what he felt, feeling shy about the fact that they were together. Now, he found his gaze following Mark wherever he went, trying to memorise each gesture, each show of charm and jocularity, for the purpose of writing it into his account of each one of Mark's lies, when everything was done.
He picked up the wine list. He should order champagne. He didn't know a thing about champagne.
"I know what you did," John told him.
He hadn't thought anything like a fresh start was possible, when Mark had first come to work at the clinic. He'd been stuck, in those days, skirting the bitter edge between extreme self neglect and suicide.
John cleared his throat. He didn't want to give up on the conversation they'd had going earlier, about him and Sholto. About him and men. If there was anything Sherlock needed to say or ask, anything at all, he wanted him to have the opportunity. He wanted to have the chance to speak to it, himself. "Well, Small wouldn't have stood a chance with that plan of his. I don't think Sholto would attend the wedding."
There were three texts from Mark.
He wanted Mark. God help him, he did. Mark had been there every time he'd needed to get away from himself, for the last six months. What they'd built, between the two of them, shouldn't be discounted. It was something. It was a lot. It would help him forget.
John thought, if he walked all the way, it would give him time to cool off. He was wrong. Thirty minutes later, he stood at the front door of 221B, still livid. The entire trip, he'd played what he wanted to say to Sherlock over and over, variations on the same theme flying through his mind.
"So you see," Mark told John, taking a step back, and lowering the gun. "There's nowhere you can go. Nothing you can do. I can take you anywhere, and do anything to you, and no one will believe you, because as far as they're concerned, you're no one. Just a former soldier who's been done in by the war. No one wants to know you even exist. They don't want to look at you. You've disappeared."
On Sunday, Mark had a party to attend, a birthday for one of the nurses from the clinic. At two o'clock in the afternoon, he dressed himself up in olive green trousers, layered t-shirts, and a jacket, and kissed John on the cheek as he passed through the kitchen, where John had been occupying himself by staring out the window, deep in thought about what the hell he was going to do with himself.
John chewed the inside of his lip.
Imperious. Closed. Just like he'd always been, in the time before. John felt himself slipping back into his old silences, his old responses. Sherlock was a man apart. Incredible, fantastic, beloved. But also cold, distant, untouchable.
He stepped into the shower and breathed deeply, the steamy air flowing easily in and out of his lungs. He was fine, physically. He felt strong, ready to face Sherlock, to finally talk, if such a thing were possible. Anticipation stirred in his belly as he scrubbed himself clean.
"It's a complete secret to nearly everyone else, except certain members of my homeless network. Which means it's safe, for now. A place where we could meet and not worry about giving whoever's after you the idea that we're still close."
"Penny for the Guy!"
The bed was empty. Of course it was.
"This way, Sir." He smiled, as if he and John shared a secret.
"I'm not a child. I know what you're saying," John mumbled, sure no one could hear him.
Another body had been found November 5
There was still no word from Sherlock. John wondered if his confession in the train carriage had ruined any chance that the two of them could talk again. Equally, he wondered if Sherlock were putting himself in danger, all in the name of saving John from a threat they should be fighting together.
"Of course."
Sherlock knelt down on the floor, worked his fingers under a panel, and lifted it.
He cancelled two appointments with Ella, deciding he would go see her as soon as the wedding was over.
"Must have been very frustrating for you, having such a terrifying skill set, and being unable to use it all these months."
The French waiter hovered, still talking about the champagne. "It is familiar, but, er, with the quality of surprise!"
He made his way back to his office, nerves jangling, and sat down at his desk. He only had paperwork left, only an hour or so before the day would be done. And then, a trip across town. And then, Sherlock, and whatever they needed to say, whatever they needed to do, to try to sort things out.
He knew, with absolute certainty, that he was done fumbling about in the dark.
For now, John needed to think, to get to the point where he could be rational about all this. That would come later too, he realised, much later, after the shaking stopped, after his heart stopped trying to beat its way out of his chest.
John stared at him. The question was polite, the sort of thing people asked him when they weren't judging, or were trying not to. He let go of a small measure of the anxiety he'd felt about this, about having this exact conversation. He'd been expecting accusations.
"Hang on," John said. "Wasn't your missing train carriage supposed to be here?"
On the dance floor, Mark slipped his arm around Sherlock's waist, watching John watch them. John rested his head in his hand. He was dropping off, dropping away. Wanting Sherlock, wanting desperately for Sherlock to come to him, end this, although he knew he couldn't, not yet. John was waiting for something, waiting for the dark to take him. He allowed himself to relax into it, as the next line in the song washed over him:
"I don't go telling you who you should have as best man."
Unable to stay inside a moment longer, John went out to the shed and fetched his bicycle. He rode it as fast as he could, away from the grim discoveries he'd made, and the terrible days that were still ahead of him.
The optimism John felt, the relief, of getting to say everything he meant, drained away, as if all his blood were leaking out the soles of his feet.
He waited, again, knowing that there was no point in trying to rush himself. "I suppose I don't know how to explain all that to him."
As John spoke, his mouth was dry. "You know who I am, who I used to be." From across the park, a bird sang a late night song.
A hand wrapped itself around John's shoulder, and something pinched his neck: the unmistakable sensation of a needle pricking the skin, followed by the cold rush of something being injected.
Sherlock's brow furrowed, as if he were surprised by the information. "Ah. I see."
Sherlock's lips were soft, his kisses firm and gentle, his hand, as it slid up over John's knee, releasing trails of fire that went directly to John's groin. Sherlock pushed the knee aside, as the tip of his tongue traced the line of John's upper lip, and he shuffled closer, pressing himself into the space between John's legs. The vicar's desk chair slid a bit, then stopped, as it wedged up against a bookshelf, and John's arms were full of Sherlock then, his heart full. Sherlock's hands, on his waist, his chest, seemed to hold John steady, even though he could feel himself slipping, feel the drug working on him, making the edges of the room grow dim.
John nodded, his heart swelling in his chest, his breath quickening, as Sherlock opened his shirt with slow deliberation, his head dropping as he pulled the tails free from his trousers, a blush coming over his cheeks, and a subtle smile crossing his lips. He undid each cuff, then let the shirt drop unceremoniously, and stood, his bare chest shining in the lamplight, arms at his sides, fingers reaching for his belt.
Mark was beside him, crowding in, tugging on John's arm. "John? You're flushed. Are you choking? Sit down."
With the sense that came from combat medical experience, John shifted without thinking, from mingled nervousness and exasperation, to a state of mild alarm, and sharp focus. Something was wrong with the strange, flirtatious waiter. He looked up at him, words on the tip of his tongue:
He went downstairs and ate dinner on autopilot, mushroom risotto chased with a glass of scotch and, at Mark's insistence, more water. Mark did the washing up while John sat and stared into the middle distance, numb, and then it was directly to bed, where he thought he would lie awake for hours, staring at the ceiling.
Sherlock was on his feet too. John steeled himself for some joke, some rebuke. For Sherlock to walk away. By some miracle, though, he wasn't repulsed by John's sudden show of emotion. He drew John into his arms, and John let him.
"Yeah, I came up and you were already fast asleep. Thought it would be criminal to wake you."
John stared at him. "Texted you?" He hadn't seen Sherlock's phone out, not once, not since they left Baker Street. "Oh," he said. He faked a smile.
Sherlock stared down at the table. The muscle at the corner of his eye twitched. "Well, I suppose that might not be necessary now. We'll certainly know, by early January, if it really is over. If there's nothing new before then, you can forget about it. Probably you'll just want to try to have good day. No need for melodrama. You could just—get married." He touched the handle of his blowtorch. "Like normal people do."
"John, just take a moment." Mark rubbed John's knee, then took the empty wine glass from him. His hand lingered on John's back, rubbing circles.
Whatever cover Mark had developed, whatever agenda he had, included his relationship with John, the fact that they were getting married—that he was the
"In all seriousness, John, when I met you, I never expected to meet such a good, honest, loyal man. I want to share all my future adventures with you."
"You're not late," he said. If anything, it was too early, too soon. "It's not your fault."
"Not really, just—felt like doing a bit of cooking." John allowed himself a smile, and he kissed Mark's cheek, and then his jaw, tasting salt sweat.
"The junkie, you mean? Murder's a strong word for it. I merely gave him an extra push. He did most of the work himself. I seem to recall you behaving in much the same way, back when you and Jim were dancing."
John had mumbled something about trying to decide if he should wear a different coat, while his stomach churned, and he urged himself to be more careful.
"So this is it," John said. "The missing tube station, just like you said."
He choked back a sob. He covered his eyes with his free hand, palming away hot tears.
Sherlock was staring at him, eyebrows lifted.
"Maybe."
He stood, and stretched, and went upstairs to bed, feeling better than he had for a long while.
"All right," John told him. "Okay."
Some truths, hard and soft.
"I don't need saving, Sherlock. I'm all right. I'm fine." It was a lie, an utter and complete lie. At least he was only betraying himself with it.
John's stomach turned. Of course Mark wanted to get him alone, wanted to have John all to himself, to own him. He thought he already did. He'd moved in on John when he was at his weakest. He believed John to be sincere. That was John's public reputation, after all: stalwart, and true, and loyal as any dog. He must have looked like a fool, to Mark. So easy to trick, so easy to take advantage of.
John had made so many assumptions, about how Sherlock would be, about how Sherlock's bluster and drama would translate into a romantic relationship, into sex.
"No." John reached up from his place in the chair, and took Sherlock's hand.  Despite the white noise that filled his ears, despite the euphoria that threatened to cover all logic and reason, he understood what was necessary in this moment. "I'm not a good actor. I can't pretend to be high. It has to look authentic." He couldn't stand it if he lost his chance to make a difference, now that there was so little standing between him and his future with Sherlock. "If I'm the key to guaranteeing that Mark's going to go to whatever home location his group has, then I have to let him take me." He looked at Violet.
Settling on a compromise, something that might do to preserve whatever safety he could still expect from the world, John typed,
Mark nodded. He stepped in, and brushed his lips up against John's ear. "Go ahead. Play the dutiful brother, one last time. I know you want to."
"Wouldn't have missed this for the world. Not every day I get the chance to come scrape you up off the floor and take you home. "
The first few were all congratulations from mates.
"Sorry? Um—?"
He opened his phone, and started a message to the one person he could count on not to hold back information.
Mark shrugged. "Asks about you mostly. How you're doing. If you've made it home at night after work."
"All right," John said, his mind full of other, deeper things. "Here we are. And some doppelganger of mine is out partying in my place."
Peace sign. Three quarters of an O.
On a separate area of the wall, he found a note that rung him like a bell, high alarm clanging through him as he realised, for the first time, the full implications of asking Sherlock to be in the wedding party.
True to his word, Sherlock stayed by his side. Each time John awoke, he was there, folded into the vinyl armchair he'd stolen from the waiting room, eyes opening like a sleeping cat's in response to John's every movement, reaching out to hold John's hand, to murmur assurances, and to drop sardonic comments about the nurses, after they left the room.
"Hello, my love."
John sat with his head bowed over the dinner table, running his thumbs along the edge of the linen napkin he'd put on his dessert plate. All around him, and Mark, and the gathered guests at the five tables they'd managed to fill, stood the fine trappings of the wedding: the white fairy lights draped around the windows of the reception hall; the green and white carnations, sitting in cut crystal vases on each table; the food, a bit bland, but thoroughly decent; the good wine; the dull, innocuous conversation.
Sherlock was looking at him with full attention now. "Go on."
Hands shaking, ready to break something, anything, John stood, and picked up his chair, and threw it across the kitchen, where it smacked into the cupboards, leaving a satisfying gouge before it landed on its side. He ran his trembling fingers through his hair, put his hand on the wall, and leaned on it, breathing hard, ready to tip over into panic.
John fought a wave of disgust, as he sorted through the evidence of the intimacies they'd shared: the bottle of lube stowed in the corner of Mark's bedside table drawer; the rumpled t-shirt he wore to bed, stuffed under his pillow. There was a time when John would have picked it up, rubbed the worn cotton under his fingertips, put it to his face, and inhaled its scent. There was a time when he would have enjoyed the feeling that followed: of warmth, and comfort, and the hint of arousal, reminding him of Mark's teasing. His tenderness. The way he'd seemed to look after John, as John bloomed under his hands, willing and wanting and eager to learn how to be with a man, to learn a whole new way to be in the world, to finally become himself.
"And Sherlock?"
"You'll see when we get there," Mark told him. "Sleep now."
Mark wasn't Sherlock. John had to remember that, had to remember that whatever problems might come up in their relationship, they were going to be ordinary, everyday things.
he wrote.
John rubbed his thumb over the back of Sherlock's hand. "You'll find me." He smiled up at him, even as the room began to spin.
He made the bed, taking his time over it, starting with his side, tucking in the corners, thinking about how Mark always made fun of him for it, the way he smoothed the sheets and blankets until they were taut.
Most of the pictures came from the camera he'd placed in the euonymus bush at the front of the house, and consisted of steady foot traffic, as people passed by. He scanned through images of dog walkers, couples on their way somewhere together, families.
Moving as quickly as he could, his muscles not quite back to normal, he hauled the suitcases out from under the table, and up onto the bed. The first one was packed with his things. A slow, insidious horror moved through him, as he sorted through it. Everything Mark had packed looked like it was intended for a hospital stay: comfortable, loose jogging pants, more pyjamas, t-shirts, and a couple of hoodies. Nothing he could go out wearing, without catching some sidelong glances. No shoes.
Sherlock's words at the pool, to Moriarty, came back to John, a counterpoint:
On the far end of the field, perhaps two hundred feet away, a set of brightly coloured boxes sat. Another set were much closer by, looking like stacked wooden file cabinets, each drawer a different colour. They appeared to be the only sign of human occupation in the landscape, besides the cabin in which John stood. John squinted at them, wondering what they could be.
Mark took another step forward. "I know."
Time spun out between them, slowing down, and the bomb that would never go off stood all around them, an appropriate witness, John thought, to this moment, which had taken forever to arrive. He kissed Sherlock's mouth more firmly, taking Sherlock's lower lip between his. He would go as far as Sherlock allowed. As far as they could. All the way home.
"What?" John stared at Mark.
John wondered if she'd been up to the flat at all, in the past two years. It was a museum exhibit, a memorial to his old life, to his time with Sherlock. John's chair was there, just as it always had been, and Sherlock's chair, the two of them, in front of the fireplace.
Mark nodded, his eyes scanning the traffic. "I know."
He sat back down, and forced himself to flip to the next photo. The camera in the euonymus bush, low down by the pavement at the front of the flat, had captured a blurred image, black blobs looming in the foreground. Too close, but John guessed those were Mark's legs, as he went down the street.
Mark's eyes found John, and he came down the stairs, all soft smiles. He looked dashing—that was the exact word, John was certain of it—all clean lines and compact muscle beneath his suit.
And just like that, before John had a chance to resist, before he could find a reason to say no, they had a date. They didn't call it that, of course, but that's exactly what it was.
Upstairs, he took the ring box from his suit jacket pocket, and tucked it away in the corner of his sock drawer. He would save it, for another time, when everything was sorted.
John looked at the clock. It was at 1:29 now. He took a step forward, watching Sherlock's pale, devastated face. He waited, until Sherlock broke their locked mutual gaze.
John managed to speak. "Sorry. You're busy."
"That's right." John spoke slowly. He didn't know what he should say. "Lots of people do that. Meet at work."
Maybe, John dared to hope, as rough emotion gripped him, they were talking about Baker Street as well, about the two of them. John hadn't imagined Sherlock would ever want to open that topic again, not after the train carriage. His heart pounded in his chest. He stared straight ahead, looking across the street at Bainbridge, who seemed to be doing fine.
"Mark. Mark Morstan."
John let his eyes wander, as he traced a line up from Sherlock's sock feet, his crossed legs, to his hips, nestled into the chair, to his hands—God, his hands, twice as large as John's, those long fingers—which squeezed and kneaded the arms of his chair. His lips. His eyes. Watching John, watching John drink him in.
Outside, the van's car alarm bellowed into furious life, jolting both of them. Mark's eyes were on the door, then looking back at John.
"Just you wait," he said, his voice a warm, husky rumble in his chest.
He stared at it, his pale skin against the black fabric of Sherlock's trousers, at the veins that ran across the back of his hand, and he wanted nothing more than to be good to Sherlock. He knew he could be, knew he could treat him with care. The world had been too harsh, to both of them.
He wondered how Sherlock had done it, had lied and deceived, when it came time to fake his death. He'd been crying, as he stood on the edge of the roof of Barts, and spoke to John on the phone. He wondered if Sherlock had felt the way John felt now, in the hours leading up to his performance. Isolated. Terrified. Determined. His tears had probably been well earned.
Sherlock looked so very handsome, in his suit, his curls carefully cultivated, the scent of his cologne—sweet herbs, almonds, musk—wafting from him as he moved.
Half an hour later, he parked his bike in front of a used and antique bookseller's. He wandered inside, breathing in the dusty smell of the books, running his fingers along the spines.
John's heart leapt to life in his chest, squeezing painfully as he heard his old words repeated back to him, not as a rebuke, although they should be. He never should have told Sherlock that people thought he wasn't human.
"No." Sherlock shook his head, and held out his hand to silence John. "Do you see? This was just the beginning. They'll keep coming. They'll keep trying to hurt you."
"Nice." Sherlock squeezed John's hand, bringing him back to life momentarily, back to a sharper mental focus.
Somehow, though, after losing Sherlock, after passing through the worst thing that could possibly have happened, it didn't seem so terrible, admitting he and Mark were an item. They'd talked, joked, even, about how people at work might react to the news that they were seeing each other.
"Sir?" The
John reached down between them, and palmed Mark through his trousers. "I've never been more sure of anything in my life."
Sherlock nodded. "Mark Morstan."
Once he was in the loo, he leaned on the counter, breathing hard, avoiding looking at himself in the mirror. He splashed cold water on his face, drying it on the hem of his shirt. He went through the mechanics of changing his clothes, having a bit of a wash, applying fresh deodorant, smoothing his hair with his fingertips. When he was finally ready, he faced himself. He looked all right. Pale, but passable.
The question Sherlock had asked was loaded, John realised, potentially fraught with meaning. They weren't just talking about John's time in the army. They were talking about John's whole life, which had been marked by a series of missed opportunities.
John looked down at their joined hands, remembering the first time Mark had used those words, before John's aborted proposal at the Landmark. He forced himself to laugh, a harsh bark that met the burst of laughter and catcalls from their gathered friends. He felt his face flush red. He had to keep smiling. It was a joke, after all. The whole thing was.
John clenched his teeth, and put his forehead against Mark's, trusting the proximity to hide his ugly grimace. "Here's what I know. I know you're going to cause me trouble. That's enough for me."
The cabbie returned his gaze to the road in front of him.
His resentment clanged so loudly in his head, he barely had room for the thin layer of humiliation and regret over his confession in the train carriage. It sat there, an invisible coating of slippery film, that he knew could take his feet out from under him at any moment. He didn't care.
"What?"
"And nastier prisons," Violet assured John.
All at once, John was trembling, eyes wet, emotion breaking him open. He stood, in the very place where he'd fallen in love—where he and Sherlock had lived and worked and fought and laughed—ready to claim his truth. A burst of pride moved through him, expanding his chest, making him stand a little taller. It was a milestone for him.
She'd left three comments in a row. A thin layer of sweat broke out across John's forehead as he read them.
"Not where I usually go for my annual physical."
"Hi." John's questions—
Most of the comments following Harry's were reactions to what she'd said.
When he could speak, he only managed nonsense denials. "I can't do this, please. I can't talk about it. I can't say what you want me to. I'm sorry, Sherlock." He was fully crying now, tears falling and staining Sherlock's trousers.
In the silence that followed, John allowed himself to feel the enormity of everything they'd been through. The two of them were only here by the miracle of their own effort. Sherlock, returned. John, persisting in time, despite his worst impulses.
"I wanted you not to be dead." His voice was a rough husk of itself. "I wanted you."
The couple on the sofa stared up at the two of them. The woman squinted; the man gawped.
"Have a nice night, dear," she said, as she winked at him, and went on her way.
John chose that moment to open Mark's trousers, and slip his hand inside. He would be much more inclined to talk, if he could barely think. "But I'm still here. So you changed the game, didn't you? Clever."
John couldn't help the laughter that huffed out of him. Sherlock was outrageous, no news there, the shift away from whatever significant thing he'd been about to say, absolutely obvious. John's head throbbed, his whole body reverberating with the conversation, with how much it hurt, and how good it was, to be in the same room with Sherlock again.
He evicted that unwelcome distraction by taking Sherlock in his arms and kissing tenderly across chest, nipples, and throat, murmuring words he couldn’t swear made any sense.
So clearly there was nothing in this contact from Roberto for me to bother John with. Certainly it wouldn’t give John any pleasure to know about it. I should just delete it undiscussed.
“Tell me, are
At ten I wandered up the spiral staircase trying to look self-possessed, a glass of
[Getting warmer.]
I had two reasons for that stubborn, if occasionally wilting, hope. First, he’d chosen me. I’m average-looking, smarter than average but nowhere near Sherlock’s league, and obviously of less than average sensitivity. But Sherlock, for reasons that were never very clear to me, had chosen me and he’d never swerved.
I read and reread John’s letter, letting my eyes and hands run over the paper, though I’d already committed it to memory. Not just because it was moving, but because it was wise. A deeply wise recapitulation of our long history, and a promising preview of our future. Together. At a certain point I took a photograph of it, in case my repeated consultation should wear out both paper and ink.
Lestrade obliged. “The  owner came by two hours ago to show the property to a prospective tenant. The warehouse is always locked, and when he saw the front door hanging open he called the police, thinking it’d be a robbery or trespass. He waited for them to show up before going in, in case a robbery was actually in progress.” Lestrade made a grimace of being grudgingly impressed—it was rare for a civilian to exercise such common sense.
Sherlock sat up eagerly, told Mycroft to come at once, and rang off. Mycroft had ordered us to “take care to be decent, for pity’s sake.”
– Breezy, but bossy.
His gift for me was beautiful, if not particularly personal. A pair of butter-soft brown leather gloves lined with fur. I couldn’t stop touching them, and in some odd neural short-circuit it was as if I were stroking his skin, and in the fur lining, his hair, which I knew to be much softer than it looked. How was I ever going to get close to Sherlock again? And if I couldn’t, how was I ever going to get over him?
All this was in my mind as Roberto greeted me, took my case from me (odd) and walked with me to check in. We had a moment of awkward annoyance as I insisted on checking my bag. Through two years of traveling light I’d cultivated the habit of carrying nothing, and I wanted to carry nothing with me now.
badly.” He underlined that with kisses to Sherlock’s neck and jaw.
The night had been fully as gratifying as it had promised. Unbelievably, indescribably exhilarating. In my entire adult life I had never been so fully present to my own body. It was disconcerting to recollect that in the night I had sometimes neglected Roberto, unable to lavish on him the same attention he was paying me because I was drunk on sensation, focused entirely on my own pleasure.
A pause as John took this in.
— Rosie?
But even just walking together in the city was like finally walking without my cane, without a limp. Everything we did or saw or tried to see: no disagreement, and most surprisingly, no petulance or boredom on his part. I’d expected him to flag in his enthusiasm for our time together and start itching for a puzzle. I’d expected him to disappoint me.
He’s glaring now, with slitted eyes and incandescent rage.
) while John kisses him ruthlessly until he
Literal content, which varied, but most were love songs, and thus not applicable to us. At least his first six songs, in 2011, had reflected my suicide, his sorrow.
“You’re kind to insist, Mary, but I’ve got a—headache.” I’d been about to say “date,” “engagement,” but something about her inquisitive blue stare made me opt for caution. “I never do well mixing noise and alcohol with one of these.”
He re-centred us in the landscape of our life with her and with everyone in it. He pushed back into my heart without fanfare; and he asked me, not for the first time, to marry him.
Well. If I hadn’t known he was still alive I’d have wanted to kill him myself when I found out. But I had known, and had resolved to trust him, and I did still trust him. Still, I had to get to him somehow. He needed a partner. He needed me.
“Not—a marriage.” I thought he’d gone back to her to build the family, I thought he’d wanted her.
, and
“No. I did try, you know that, and after she died I felt guilty about having failed at all of it: at loving her again, at playing happy families, at putting her first, before you. So guilty that I locked you out. I wanted someone to blame, I told you.”
The rest is history. John Watson and the little general have been the making of Sherlock, and the foundation of a community that comes very close to being a family. Certainly the three of them have expanded my own circle of people I must at all costs keep safe, on the grounds that they are too dear to lose.
How he’d missed music when he’d been on the run, on the hunt. Now to find out he’d been carrying an instrument with him the whole time, and had never tried it out. Decent range—low baritone with an unexpected capacity to shift to a falsetto almost as bright and clear as his pre-pubescent voice.
Donovan’s questions were clear and succinct and well-ordered. She was also professional, and in her way, kind. In spite of myself I was impressed.
Mary’s entrance into John’s life was not an accident, and he was going to ask me about it, and if I answered honestly it would devastate him and perhaps destroy us. This wasn’t a minefield, it was a ticking time bomb. The whole flat was a ticking time bomb.
But first home, and a raucous celebration in Baker Street. I was glad we had Rosie, and a weeknight, to justify an early end to the gathering: it was our wedding night, and I intended to make it memorable.
[...]
This part of life with Roberto was so easy, pleasant and brisk, un-fraught, just two people enjoying each other’s company: in sync, in step. Even sex was like that: we were compatible. He was attentive and generous. But when it was over, when I got self-conscious and Roberto got needy (terrible word, and terribly unfair), the tension settled over and between us, getting worse the more we tried to deny its presence.
* * *
, I have learned from John.
Mycroft put on his own mask of condescending patience to answer, “Yes, and no. Let’s hear the expert reports first, then I’ll explain.”
had been sentiment, he knew. Midnight blue. It startled him every time he looked in the mirror. But you’re never ready to say goodbye to some things, it seems.
A little stretching grunting noise, and John’s nose appeared above the blanket, his eyes still squeezed shut. My chest registered an odd sort of lurch.
of school.
He stepped back and clasped his hands behind his back, waiting. Lestrade began to divide out tasks among his team, his signature good humour somehow as authoritative as another DI’s barked commands might be. When the work was delegated, Sherlock stepped forward again, securing everyone’s attention by lowering the timbre of his voice to its most resonant pitch.
The painting is by Johix, who also did the one in Ch 46.
) hadn’t been with him.
kindly understanding with which she had gently, inexorably, taken John from me. Reminding me, without ever saying it, that I had discarded him first and broken him and could not repossess him now.
— Yes, Your Lordship. Cufflinks.
And, I gradually registered, indescribably in need of a shower.
— Stop it NOW. Wait till you have arthritis. I’m not suggesting you put it on and prance about. I’m suggesting you put it on and have a photograph made, or a drawing, or a painting. Just a private little in-joke. With seductive undertones.
It was indeed unexpected, all of it. First of all, the victim was hanging fully clothed from a cargo hook crudely fastened to the kitchen ceiling, in a position which would have been agonizing for a living person: hands bound behind his back by a rope that held all of his weight, dangling from a chain. At the very least the shoulders would have been dislocated, the ligaments and tendons torn beyond mending. The
“Okay, then. I want to
“Morstan is a confident chess-player, and calculated cleverly. Moran wanted Sherlock dead; in all of these scenarios, she believed she was safe from Moran as long as Sherlock was alive. Because she is the one who had the ties to John, Moran couldn’t dispense with her until you were out of the way.
She’s controlled, electric, graceful in a way that her clunky uniform and the chip on her shoulder never let on. She’s in black too, a short, form-fitting dress with black ruffles on a skirt flaring out from hips to knee, expensive and rather sexy fishnet stockings in her high-heeled shoes.
“Of course I am. Wherever you are, I’m coming along. I’ll clear out of the flat, and I’ll tell our friends that I’m leaving for Ireland for the next however long. Do you—mean to tell them where you are, now?”
? The editor had admired the summary version on The Science of Deduction blog, and thought it a vital contribution that should be given both the imprimatur of a learned society—the British Academy of Medical Forensic Sciences—and distribution in full among its expert members.
“It was one of those nights when Rosie wouldn’t settle. You know—well, you
“One thing at a time. I try to pick and choose; build a sequence. Can’t cover everything in one go.” He picked up his fork again and didn’t seem to want to take it further, so I let it go with relief.
“But I was desperate about
I hear that your own work is going well, dear niece. You did well to settle on Salerno for your medical studies; I imagine that living in Italian, in Italy, is sparing you any boredom that might creep in whenever your first-year courses repeat what you already learned at your father’s knee. Your fathers’ knees. As you progress, of course, this will change; so much advanced research and instruction in the sciences is conducted in English. I assume that your History of Medicine course allows you to apply your Latin, and introduces you to at least the rudiments of Arabic. Salerno was the premier medical school in the West a dozen centuries ago, and I was pleased when it was awarded UNESCO World Heritage status. That honour has been sadly cheapened in recent years, of course; next they will be naming 221B Baker Street a World Heritage Site.
And neither of them mentioned it, but they kept their hands clasped as they turned and left the cemetery in the dusk.
“Um—I know that. You didn’t always
, I insisted, just the classic metal. John had wanted something cheerful. He was quiet now as I poured in the water and spooned in the coffee. There was so much he might be brooding about, I decided to simply ask.
With his usual high-intensity focus Sherlock examined the body, its clothing, the rope, the various marks on the floor, snapping out questions to the witless officers and glaring at the slow and uncertain answers. He opened a new mental file and began filling it with every datum and query and hypothesis he could extract from the scene, then asked to speak with the housekeeper.
The horrible song that had driven John out of last night's rehearsal came back around. This time, he was braced for the bit that had hit too close to home. The audience loved it, and showed it.
I put another piece of buttered roll in my mouth and caressed his thigh under the table. He shivered and smiled, then hid the smile under a frown.
“Fr—frenetically, rather, I’d say. For a quarter of an hour. Muttering. No way to take notes for you, so I hope you’ve recorded it” (tapping his brow in shorthand). “Then you stopped here, to stare at the painting. For—eleven minutes. I stared with you.”
They seem to move automatically in sync, John competent if not effortless, coordinated if not smooth, and Sherlock’s overcome with tenderness at kind, caring John stepping outside of his comfort zone like this. He bends down and discreetly breathes in John’s hair, his slight sweat from the slight exertion of their slow, swaying dance. This alone could almost, almost, be enough. John’s proximity, his pleasure in this, his excitement at getting out into the countryside for a case—combined with his simply beautiful face and form, his allegiance to Sherlock, established at last. If this evening gives him nothing more than this moment and this music, this mood and this man, it will already have been a success.
An hour later, John wheeled his bike out from the shed, and took off down the street, under a rare bright autumn sky. He pedaled faster than his custom, thighs burning, lungs protesting, as he contemplated the long, solitary evening ahead of him.
He asked the woman if she needed anything from him. "You're here for an appointment, technically. Might as well have a check up."
John remembered taking her back home after dark, and opening the front door to the smell of stale cigarette smoke, not knowing if their dad would be home. Waiting until their mum had gone to bed, scrounging in the cupboard for anything he could make for Harry's supper. Vowing to make his escape the first moment he could.
"Was I supposed to do something wrong?" He took a step closer to Mark. He had to show him he wasn't afraid, somehow, to demonstrate that he was still willing to go along.
"Yeah!" Bill said, looking over to where Sherlock was standing, talking with Molly, who was shaking her head, and glaring at Mark a bit, where he held court among his group of nurses. "Oh, I'm a little nervous now. He's a prickly one, isn't he?"
John blinked down at the tablet, suddenly uncomfortable in the hard-backed wooden chair. He should be with Sherlock now, going through these photos with him. He'd agreed to the separation, until they sorted things out, but he hated it with everything he was worth.
John took a step back, toward the door. He opened it, feeling like he'd just been put into a blender. He was halfway through, wrestling with the buttons of his coat, pulling his gloves out of his pocket, when he found himself speaking.
"Won't. Looking forward to the hospital, though." He was getting tired. He could sleep, but he didn't want to close his eyes. Not now.
Mark was still screaming.
He wrapped the book carefully, in excessively cheery paper, and hid it in his backpack again. When it was put away, he took a shower, hot water running over him as he covered his mouth with his hands, and wept as silently as he could.
"Sure, yes. They didn't see me. I left before they got up, so."
Then Mark smiled, and shrugged, and he was the man John had lived with for the last six months again. "Just saying, all this business about Moriarty's network, or whatever you call them, trying to get to Sherlock. You ever consider that you're the one they should be interested in? You're dangerous. You should own it."
He felt that something wasn't right, before it registered with his conscious awareness. He frowned down at the bed.
turned to look at Sherlock.
John returned to the tablet, and selected the folder for November 13 from the archive. He didn't know what he was expecting to find, but he started with the earliest pictures from that day, flipping through them one at a time, examining each one closely. The simple, repetitive action reminded him of the times he and Sherlock had spent tedious nights going over bank statements, combing through email records, or waiting and watching, in the dark and the cold, for someone to make a move.
"Hello," John said aloud, his voice filled with gravel, as he caught a glimpse of movement on the far side of the field. Something seemed to be moving near the boxes—someone. He tugged the curtain open further. If there were someone there, maybe they would notice that the cabin was occupied. Maybe he could somehow signal for help.
"Hey. Hey, Sherlock." He stood, and reached out, and touched Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock looked up into his face, his expression strained, his mouth opening as if he wanted to speak.
"I'm the best man." As if raising a toast to himself, Sherlock drank down the rest of the scotch in his glass.
The kettle came to a boil. They fussed about with sugar and milk.
To forget about Sherlock, and about everything that he'd wanted, everything that he'd done.
"Please," he whispered, the words rasping from his dry, powerless throat. "Please, I'm here. I'm here. I'm still here."
"Excuse you," John said, as the man looked over his shoulder, apparently unapologetic.
of November, before John had set his kit up. Only one hit occurred during the week that the tablet had been recording. According to the police, the body, male, mid forties, had been found in the early morning hours of November 14, a Thursday, in the park where John regularly took his weekend walks and bike rides.
"Ta."
He crashed in through the front door without so much as wiping his feet, to find Mrs. Hudson there, standing by a small table, arranging flowers in a vase. The sight of her stopped John in his tracks.
Formal proposals: terrible idea, he decided. He tossed the ring box to Mark, who caught it with a whoop. "What's this?"
Mark broke the kiss. "Mm. Just give me a moment to do the washing up, will you? I'll be right back."
Sherlock was watching him, his gaze contemplative, and maybe a bit worried. John waited, certain that everything he felt was shining out through his eyes. If Sherlock needed to speak, he would wait. He would wait all night. For the rest of his life.
"I think you know it isn't that simple, or we would have done it already. We've been waiting for him to finish here, because when he's done, we expect him to return to the fold. To go to a physical, central location, which we still haven't identified, where the key members of his group will gather, so he can start the next phase."
Sherlock and Greg were standing closer together now, heads bent in conversation. Greg was talking, making small gestures with his hands, Sherlock nodding. Greg looked over at John, then back at Sherlock, still talking.
He smiled. "Well, I'll bet we aren't going somewhere exotic, like Jill."
Berk. He was going to make John play it out, force John's hand. John watched Sherlock for a long moment, then turned away, pacing in the small space at the back of the carriage, hiding a ridiculous grin. "This is it. Oh my God." He knew he didn't sound convincing at all.
he typed, his finger hovering over
John stared at him. "Oh. Oh, Sherlock." He didn't say the name, so much as let it slide out of him, a half formed word, accompanied by a sick sensation. "I see."
"Of course."
Sherlock had sent her a detailed agenda for the entire wedding day, a list of fruit John did and didn't like, to be forwarded to the caterers,
All those small details, he reflected, as he watched raspberry cake filling stain the napkin from the underside, could easily cover any number of ugly human truths. Any wedding had to be a sort of show, pushing onward despite the lies, the affairs, the hidden passions, the small, desperate secrets of the participants. The unstated desires, the frank needs, the discontents. That's what weddings were.
"That's right. So if the system never records activity at three in the morning, but then something happens at that time, it will let you know. You can set it up to ping you on your phone, if you want."
The wind blew down the street, ruffling his hair with its cold fingers. John wondered if Sherlock was home. He almost hoped he wasn't. It would be easier, to put this off a bit longer. Take his time, get used to the idea of being in his old stomping grounds again.
"You watch too many spy movies."
button, then pressed it. He needed to say this. He needed to let Sherlock know—something.
He had just about worked up the courage to say what he'd planned, when Mark's phone rang.
"Yeah, we're not doing that."
"John? What's wrong?" Mark's voice was thick with desire. He sat up, leaning against the headboard, tilting his head to peer at John in the dim glow of the nightlight in the hallway.
"No. I don't know. I don't know how I should feel about it."
The night before John was released from the hospital, he asked to see the scars. Sherlock stood, silently, and closed the door of the hospital room, then stripped off his shirt. He sat on the edge of the bed, and let John see the tracery of the beatings he'd endured, the work of the Serbian cane and whip, a terrible map of the underworld, written on his white skin.
John watched through the window as the car moved through city traffic, then out into the suburbs, passing row after row of houses.
He chatted about it a bit, telling John about dressing up as an investment banker and connecting the thugs who'd been bothering the restaurateur with a low-interest loan, so they could start their own business.
"Good for optics if I avoid it, I think. Parties, hardly my thing. Makes for a better story, in a way. The less we see of each other, the better."
John scrolled past arguments and objections and complaints about what he'd written. There were declarations of support for whoever he was, and whatever he was, and whatever he and Sherlock were to each other.
Sherlock moved to the edge of the platform, and directed his torch one way, then the other, examining the track.
"I—see." Sherlock spoke the words deliberately. Slowly. They sounded like two separate sentences.
A loud rustling sound came from somewhere among the trees, as if someone were crashing through the underbrush. Sherlock was in those woods; John was sure of it. Coming for him. Trying to rescue him. Possibly in need of rescue himself, now. Christ. John could only hope that whatever he was doing, Sherlock wasn't risking everything.
Sherlock gasped and shuddered and spilled out over John's hand, John's name on his tongue, then half climbed onto John and kissed his lips raw, taking John's breath, and giving it back, speeding his hand as John bucked into it, as John came, burning and alive and full of love for the man who smiled above him, and leaned down to kiss his lips again, tenderly this time, and softly.
Of course Sherlock was surprised. John had said he wasn't gay enough times. Shouted it, even. He'd tried, in deference to Sherlock's feelings, not to say it in front of him. At Battersea, he had, not realising Sherlock was there, listening to his conversation with Irene Adler.
John knew he was gazing into Sherlock's eyes, and knew he would give in, if it went on for much longer. Sherlock, on the other hand, seemed to crumple under some internal weight, as he looked down, and sighed, and winced, as if something pained him.
John stepped back to look down at himself. "Stain?" he said, at the exact moment Bill jostled him, spilling his beer down John's front.
Toward the end of the day, a knock came at his office door, and Mark's face poked around the edge of it. "Hey, handsome."
"Cleaner, more efficient, and illegal," John said, as he followed Sherlock into the dark.
Mark spoke to someone who waited at the front of the restaurant, who handed him a large white paper bag. He left without a further backwards glance.
The bed was made, but badly so, one of the pillows thrown on the floor. In accordance with old habit, he straightened the covers, and put the pillow back in its place.
"No." John sniffed. "I just want another minute."
"Mm. Good man," John said, as he sped the movement of his hand. His own blood was racing through his veins. He was stiff in his trousers, nearly at the point where he wanted release, but he wouldn't take it, not tonight. Never again, from Mark. "And you're just going to let me read it, are you?" John was all but holding his breath. So close. He almost had everything he needed. He fought the urge to try to knock Mark out, take the flash drive, and run.
He bought one of each of the major papers, stopped for a coffee, and returned to the park, where he sat on a bench, and read each item carefully. The articles were mostly composed of speculation, about how Sherlock might have survived, about what he would do, now that he was back in London again. Only the
"Don't you worry."
Mark took his hand from John's hip, reached into his own pocket, and pulled out a flash drive. He held it up for John to see, then placed it on the counter beside him. It had four letters written on it, in black marker: AGRA. Mark took hold of John's hips again, squeezing him tight, and thrusting into John's hand. He was close, John knew. He also knew that he'd get little sense out of him, once he came. He reached up with his free hand and grasped the hair on the back of Mark's head, and pulled, until he stilled.
"First, I am required to ask anyone present who knows a reason why these persons may not lawfully marry, to declare it now."
"Why not?" Sherlock asked. "Why wouldn't he attend?"
He smiled, as he moved to Mark's side. His hands moved over the blanket at the foot of the bed, going through the steps of folding it under the mattress.
A pair of boys pushed a stroller down the street. They'd placed a homemade dummy in it, with an orange balloon for a head. Bonfire night. John had forgotten entirely, he'd been so focused on seeing Sherlock.
John sat on the edge of the bed as he pulled on his socks, feeling the weight of his shared life with Mark, and the weight of the lie Mark had told, about where he'd been Sunday night. One lie was a small thing, compared to everything they had. It all pressed on John, though: his debt to Mark, but also the way their relationship seemed poised to go off kilter; his need to see Sherlock, and all his questions about what Sherlock had felt, in the old days, what Sherlock might have wanted, and what he might want now.
While the coffee was finishing, he went upstairs, showered hastily, and changed into his work clothes. He chose an outfit for the evening—blue trousers, chequered shirt, blue jumper, brown jacket—from his side of the closet, and folded and rolled everything carefully, so it wouldn't crease while it was in his backpack. After work, he would change, then head over to the address Greg had given him—some pub he'd never heard of.
They rearranged themselves, and dealt with cleaning up, and moments later, they were settled back under the sheets, and John allowed Mark to hold him, his back up against Mark's chest, while Mark combed his fingers through John's hair.
Sherlock thought about him, all the time. Talked about him, all the time. Worried about him.
His response had been utterly guilt inducing:
Harry anticipated him on the first point:
John pushed away from the counter, turning both of them, so Mark's back was pressed against the hard edges of the corner. He leaned in, and offered Mark a cynical smile. "You've been a busy boy, haven't you?"
Mark laughed. "Well. I see you had a good look at the flash drive. I'm surprised you even entertained the idea that it had any real information on it. Desperation's a hell of a thing, isn't it? Anyway, glad I could provide a bit of distraction. Gave the drugs a good chance to kick in."
"Oh yeah, gone already." She took out her phone, opened an app, and showed John a picture Jill had taken with the kids, under a gate at Heathrow. "Sent us this an hour ago. Should be in the air already."
At least, it hadn't been trivial for John. For all John knew, it was the sort of thing that happened to Sherlock all the time. He had no idea what Sherlock had kept hidden from him, who he might have been with. He had no right to know. That information was Sherlock's business.
William smiled down at the floor, blushing hard. "Just saying, I wouldn't hate to hear that you were planning to be single, sometime soon."
"Look, I understand how difficult it was for you, after. After—"
John slowed down, deliberate now, his entire body thrumming with
"Please, John. For all the hurt that I caused you. For not letting you in on the plan, before I jumped. For letting you think I was dead. For coming back too soon. For whatever's about to happen. All of it. For all of it."
She smiled at him, and nodded. "Change is good."
"Not bad, anyway." John was numb. No matter how long he lived, or what happened next, he would never say or do another authentic thing.
He was back where he'd started. Worrying about himself, and how to keep Sherlock safe.
John allowed himself to feel, just for one more moment, the fullness in his heart, before joining Mark in the ceremony that could only be a battle. He gripped Mark's hands, running his thumb up the inside of Mark's wrist.
"You'll go and talk to him, then?" Mark asked.
This time, when John arrived at Baker Street, he unlocked the street door and stepped inside immediately. No hesitation, as he wiped his shoes on the doormat, and climbed the stairs, bright, searing hope burning through his veins, each step creaking a familiar song under his feet.
Decided not to comment, not to make him uncomfortable. Just tucked the thought away with some of the other data I'd been gathering.
on 4 November, and by then my terror at Sherlock’s silence had intensified tenfold. The following Sunday I listened, knowing I wouldn’t hear anything from him. I was wrong, thank God, but his message wasn’t encouraging.
“The sofa fits me almost better than the bed. I don’t sprawl when I sleep. I huddle.”
Clearly the calming effects of the massage and the orgasm had worn off.
“You’ve done nothing
John groans, tells Sherlock, “and now
“You won’t vanish when I leave, will you? Turn into a pumpkin or something?”
Which was its own kind of complication. Lacking a comfortable cushion of family money, John—unlike Sherlock—actually
That thought made me realise the two weren't mutually exclusive, and I bent back down and captured his mouth, trailed kisses over his face, his ears. Before, it had felt like he was much closer to climax than I was; but kissing his temple, his eyes, his impossibly shapely mouth, his sinuous tongue, brought me to the edge so that we came, if not simultaneously, at least together.
, standing there in the dark, holding John’s hand and caressing it. He pulled me down, though, until I was sitting on the coffee table.
“You’re not ... interrupting me. Finishing my sentences. Saying ‘I know’ or ‘obvious.’ Who are you and what have you done with Sherlock Holmes?”
– Joky-blokey.
.” Really turning the knife, wasn’t he.
I felt his smile against my hair, and he said, “The roof of the flat, absolutely. The individual rooms are quite small, but there’s a rooftop terrace full of plants, with a glassed-in guest room. Even in February it was comfortably warm during the day, and I spent a lot of time looking out over the city. The walls of a convent were a stone’s throw away. Dawn and the sunsets were lovely.
, seeing him suffer so much now over what was so long past.
. An old song. Anna Magnani. Languid melody, very wandering.” Sherlock’s got a beautiful singing voice. If I asked, he’d let me hear it. Another time.
I’d tried to die but John wasn’t having it, apparently: he was making me live.
song: every line fit us.
I can’t think. I can’t remember anything, can’t find any words. His soft breath on my ears, in my hair. His cool fingers moving to my chest now, tracing my pectoral muscles, curling under them, flattening out over my rib cage, holding me to him. I know what he’s doing, now. In some dim corner of my lust-fogged brain I can sense him keeping his own control while robbing me of mine. Why? Why can’t we slide together into this delicious, dizzying chasm together—neither of us observing, neither of us observed? No one granting, no one begging. I would beg, now. I would.
“No more unfair than leaving me here thinking you’d killed yourself.”
—put him in a new light altogether. Sherlock could see Roberto’s mind working as fast and as fluidly as his body, which was sheer muscle laced with grace. Dead sexy, indeed.
"Well, I also like eggnog latte, and I don't see you offering me that." His smile is audible in his voice even if I can't see it. I've always loved his teasing. It's intimate. Our private jokes.
CD of baroque violinist (damn, what’s her name again)
Except—something was off. He pulled back, panicking a moment.
Don’t come at me about Mephistopheles and Asmodeus. They are not permanent; it took some time before the puppies revealed their true names.
London was calling them, but they’d be going back changed. There'd always be a substrate of Ireland in them now, audible in their speech and their intonation. As to what they would do once they were back in the city—there was time to figure that out. Oceans of it.
The first time Sherlock told someone about us in my hearing, we were coming down from a phenomenal, searing, soul-baring session in our bedroom.
is a big word for idly poking at an idea, Sherlock. Come on, climb down off your high horse. Let’s go see the school” (no way I was going to admit I’d seen it already, he’d certainly overreact) “and see what we both think.”
“Really, John, I promise you’ll be better off for a little diversion. You seem stretched so thin. It’ll be good for you.”
. I breathed deep to tamp down panic, then shoved the tablet back at Mycroft.
I didn’t know what to expect of an Open Day, but we got to Rosedale so late that there were no children left on the premises. The rooms had been divided up into years, and we went to one of the Reception classrooms to see a short presentation and then meet the staff who had set up at different tables. Each table had information on a few of their initiatives and procedures for early childhood education.
Stellar authors and betas hubblegleeflower and may-shepard have done their best, heaven knows, but the defects remaining in this fic are the darlings I couldn't bring myself to kill. (I'm totallysilvergirl on Tumblr, by the way.)
This time it’s John who’s flat on his back as Sherlock explores him all over with hands and lips and tongue, with excruciating slowness. His suspicion that Sherlock is a right bastard is confirmed when time and time again John asks him for more, faster, harder, and Sherlock responds by pulling back, slowing down, easing up on the pressure. This isn’t a race, lord knows, and the first time had gone too fast, but Sherlock is taking the piss, and it’s only their second time.
Meanwhile Mary’s attentions at work were becoming almost embarrassing. She angled relentlessly if indirectly for a date, even asked me out herself twice. I didn’t accept, but I didn’t tell her I was married to my work, either. Wouldn’t have been convincing anyway, since anyone could see I wasn’t.
John had asked Sherlock why he’d done it but hadn’t let him answer, because by then he didn’t care. But he did care about one thing: had he ever mattered to Sherlock? At all?
Oh, this was
(what
“Need to show you something.” I could hear my own voice go tight, when I’d been aiming for casual.
In high summer Sneem hosted ceilidhs and sessions and concerts almost every night. But Saturday still had pride of place, and Caherdaniel was booked at the best venue in town.
This drew out the first spontaneous grin he'd seen so far. He’d been wondering whether that grin was a casualty of Sherlock’s time away, or of John’s fury, or of the persona of Will—which, he reminded himself, was also Sherlock, not a mask.
After a pointless hour spent chasing sleep, he threw off the duvet and set up at the kitchen table to read John’s blog. After all, it wasn’t internet stalking if John stalked him first.
Just the left side of his mouth dipped down in a smile he’d missed
“You sent me that email about the taxonomy.”
They don’t talk about this, naturally. If either had been adept at such conversations, neither would have reached the other only after and through the ruin of every nearer tie. They turn away from words, focus only on their journey back through the south of Lazio. They will not go to Naples now, with its glittering bay and sky; they are headed back to Rome.
It was heaven. But it was also unnerving, how Sherlock shifted from ordinary conversation to full-on and very hot sex, without passing through tentativeness or tenderness. It was uncomfortable to be the one longing for more affection, angling for it. Because words were pressing at me, words I knew I couldn’t afford to say aloud because saying them would not merely confirm their truth but make them true.
energy that poured off him every time he came back in.
“Did he put you up to this?” I demanded, as we started a sweet, slow “I Only Have Eyes For You” on the
” Although she pronounces it
The realisation is unnerving enough that he’s relieved to escort Charlotte Gordon back to her table and to her date, a tall, stiff solicitor wearing the annoyed look of someone who doesn’t dance, trying to fit in with basically nothing to do and no one to do it with.
— No. You were saying you missed me? SH
“I want the full experience, canals and palaces and twisting streets and gondolas and mysterious costumed figures lounging on stone bridges. I don’t even care if the city’s underwater and we have to walk around on wooden duckboards, I want to see Venice in the fog and kiss you when no one’s looking.”
— Why would I do that? JW
“Where’s he gone to? I need to, to speak with him.”
“Tell me.”
“Oh, love.” His voice was disbelieving, on the verge of distress. And that meant we really did have to have this conversation, little though I wanted it.
Impatience. It’s an emotion.
Sherlock swallowed a mouthful of red wine, then looked at me straight and said, “I need to ask you something.”
Dear God, John. Stop looking inside me. Stop looking.
Standing there in his black suit and white shirt, he looked so far from the Will Scott of their years in Caherdaniel, almost unchanged from the Sherlock John had met in the lab at Barts—a rush of
But if John had given me just one hint that he loved me, I’d have waited forever, Roberto would never have stood a chance. —
Neither band nor audience ever made it through that song without tears. They always played a cheerier encore to go out on, but there was no denying: the pandemic had changed everything.
So far the evening is turning out precisely as Sherlock had planned. The tango with Diana and the foxtrot with Sally had been stunning, creating a buzz throughout the room (which Sherlock doesn’t care about at all) which has translated into lively business over at the bidding table (which Sherlock does care about, a bit, as the whole idea of turning the Met’s annual formal fling into a fundraiser was his, and if the event had been a dreary flop the backlash could have been ... inconvenient).
Control: that’s all I ever wanted for him. When I shorthanded that into “caring is not an advantage,” I never meant for him to understand “you should not love anyone.”
His brother, on the other hand, knew better than to fuss. Their last conversation had been icy. Mycroft had let him down in almost every conceivable way; he himself, by contrast, had kept his end of the bargain. And now he imposed his terms: no contact. No tracing. No surveillance. No approaching anyone who—who might want to find him.
The tension was broken. It was reassuring, somehow, and I didn’t feel the need to drag any more personal information from Sherlock about his month with Zanardi. I’d needed to hear some of it, and more was sure to come out directly or indirectly, but for now I didn’t want to press him or to sound ... needy. Not on our first night together.
A short walk along the N70 and there it was, the footpath to Caherdaniel. Sherlock was right, of course, he literally couldn’t miss it. Early on he caught glimpses of the bay to the south, but soon found himself in a wide valley between two jagged lines of rocky hills.
“My plan was fairly chancy, but if Miletić did secure a meeting and it went well, then I was going to need some help getting out of there alive with Moran. So I scheduled yesterday’s ‘Help’ message. After all, if the network was having you followed, they must have suspected I was alive. That put you at risk, too, and the whole point of keeping us apart disappeared.”
of that entire impersonation.
But all this activity was the filler between the nights spent with Roberto. Coming to know and appreciate him, trying to love him. And here I was increasingly uneasy. The sex, certainly—the sex was revelatory, and I doubted I was ever going to be so cavalier about it again. The intensity of sensation far exceeded what I’d ever imagined feeling for someone whom I knew so little. Sex with Roberto dissipated a great deal of melancholy, even insecurity. He so patently loved to look at me, to touch and please me. Clearly I wasn’t a freak to him.
to be equilibrium. I wondered too if Sherlock had felt as precarious, as peripheral, when I was dating, as I was feeling now. Maybe I’d kept him feeling off-balance, on the verge of losing a treasured, easy, symbiotic living situation with a uniquely compatible—friend. I felt melancholy, both on my own account now, and on his, then.
“Thanks for the tea,” he said, still neutrally.
“Not everything. Just enough to say welcome back, well done, and I’m happy for you.” Though the words were cordial, his tone retained his usual careful, and feigned, aloofness.
His smile was tight. “I won’t, then, but it’s all either of us can do. I can’t reach him if he won’t turn to me. Keep your radio communication going, and let me know instantly if you hear from him again. You have my secure contact; use only your burner phone, and don’t call from inside Baker Street or the surgery. I promise I’ll do the same.”
Once he heard the music start he pushed his way in and staked out a dark corner not far from the door. Terrible view, but he was lucky to have a seat at all. He hadn’t realised the band would be amplified; on the radio it had sounded so unplugged.
[...]
“I gave him money to give to members of the network who were sleeping rough that night. Not to buy cocaine, for God’s sake. And anyway, as for motivation to get clean—the stakes were always high enough, from the beginning. The drugs were only ever for a case. Magnussen. And afterwards, for ... a precaution.”
But I was panicking for nothing. Sherlock’s ice-cold hand came down on mine, and for a moment he leaned his cheek against it as well.
Instead I moved on, stroking his lower back as I did so. “What did you do when you read it?”
Mrs Hudson set down her still-warm tea mug and raised her eyes to John’s.
“Don’t underestimate me, little brother. Indeed I can.” Mycroft’s tone, by contrast, was as cool as ever.
[...]
Sherlock’s head snapped round and he said, “What gave you that idea?” He sounded indignant, as if it were sheer effrontery for someone to admire him. Bad luck for John, if that were the case. But Mike had given him a nudge, and he wasn’t going to ignore it.
“Cheerful? Lighthearted? Gay?”
He put his right hand out from under the blankets and took mine. His fingers played over my knuckles and the back of my hand, raising gooseflesh over every inch of my body under the thin dressing-gown. After a moment he stopped and said, without looking at me, “That was good. I’m proud of you.”
John would do, of course. He shared the universal male horror of being told “We have to talk.”
Oh God. “You didn’t tell me anything then—so why are you telling me now? What’s changed?”
February 26th: Saga, “Without You.” Hideous: three musical styles wrapped up in a trench coat. But the singer, and the lyrics. A Freddie Mercury devotee, without a doubt; and the words were, again, something John could almost have said to me, and that I’d have given anything for him to mean.
“Well, he’s going down, anyway. Fingerprints on the glass, your testimony, the drug in his pocket and in my bloodstream. The D.I. says they should be able to get him on at least some of the others, too.” She was back to staring down at her coffee.
John understood, it seemed. He panted once, said, “Me too,” and stepped back, the no man’s land re-established between them.
“I really,
. It would take a lot more to ease his hurt than bland palaver about ordinary childhoods and average children.
“And it isn’t just us, anymore. Once I told you that Rosie had no one but me. But that hasn’t been true for years. For her whole conscious life, she’s had you. It isn’t just you and me. It’s Rosie, too.”
His brows lifted to invite my question.
They aren't things I can tell you, not in words. I can barely tell this journal. You'll just have to understand it all from the conducted light.
“Look here, is this something to do with that UKIP lot? Could one of them have gone rogue? Hooked up with this smuggling mafia to discredit—I don’t know, the EU or something?”
Of course he did. John had turned on him like a madman, pummelling and pounding and kicking, God,
This whole time I was staring down at the mug in my hands.
He looked the opposite of sleepy. In the years since we’d come back to 221B together we had never got this tangled up in unspoken anger and hurt (and where had that even
This was one of those conversations where John doesn’t want to say things directly. What he meant was, “Where are you going, all got up like that?” He meant, “Do you have a date?” (Honestly. As if I
I have received your marvelous Christmas gift, chosen—no, commissioned—with your habitual taste and attention to every detail. The paper, if I do not err, is made in the ancient artisanal fashion—from rags. The endpapers are a glory, with the marbling that must never be called Florentine. The leather binding is soft as butter and the colour of honey. The stamped ornamentation on the covers is as elegant as it is precise, and I surmise (and approve) that you forbade the bookbinder to pick them out in the too-frequent gold leaf. That was customary at one time, but now it is merely ostentatious.
Well, that hurt. Seriously. There was quite a lot he could have said without invoking his month with sodding Zanardi. He could have mentioned the French side of his family, if nothing else. But no. Just “you wouldn’t want to be reminded of my Italian lover.”
Sherlock turned back to Mycroft. “The real questions are, why was she living under an assumed name, and how was she ‘relevant to your office?’”
On March 25th he requested the same Joe Cocker song as on New Year’s Day. A mistake? No, the anomaly had to be a clue, a key.
He was still stroking my shoulder, so softly. “Your skin is so beautiful.” His voice didn’t rise above a whisper.
When I thought I’d made myself perfectly clear, and understood him well enough—I began to insist we see each other. I had faith in him, about this bizarre faked death—Irene Adler had had to do the same thing, and I knew it meant something dire. But we had to see each other. I had to understand, and I had to see him. And, if I could, hold him.
drug Sherlock had ever tried (and he had, modestly, tried quite a few).
Mycroft subsided, and we got on with it. Lestrade was there mainly to note down the accolades the elder Holmes gave to Donovan, or so it seemed to me.
It’s been dark for an hour when we head back toward the restaurant we’ve picked out, in the neighborhood behind the cathedral. Pedestrian traffic seems to concentrate in the busy main street; as soon as we turn into the narrow side streets we’re alone. In the last half hour we’ve been talking less, looking at each other more; at least I catch him looking at me every time I glance up.
“Obvious. We barely fit on the old one.” Indeed, the new sofa was not only longer but deeper, with dark green velour upholstery that would be a welcome change from the leather that I always found sticky in summer and chilly in winter.
[...]
. He wants to publish my taxonomy of tobacco-ash.” Sherlock’s tone was resolutely neutral.
By late June I was working again. A neighborhood surgery, the most humdrum kind of medicine, and I wore my cloak of depression like armour. If someone was watching, I didn’t want to abruptly exude vitality and optimism.
it with these foreign euphemisms?) to get him to give her at least some lead on where he wanted those dots connected.
, if I ever got that far.
When you left Baker Street in December of 2014 to return to Mary, I realised I’d been hoping for a different outcome. Since you know that feelings are not my area, you won’t be surprised at how long it took me to understand I’d been hoping at all, and to recognise it for a futile hope. From our conversation last August it’s clear that it still is futile: you do not care for me that way, and you never will.
