Cas shook his head, smiling. "No, I'm perfectly fine."
"Um, I can have my...my dad pick me up," the omega answered timidly. "If that's okay."
"Yeah, yeah. I got it," the beta rolled her eyes. "Now go. Have fun." She shooed him away. "Use protection."
The couple got in the car and started driving. While Dean drove, Cas pulled out his new camera Dean bought him and started messing with the settings.
"Shut up, dork," Cas laughed.
He took his phone out, minding the teacher's view, and saw who the text message was from.
"We haven't been on a nice date in a while. Do something special," Dean answered.
"The doctor said she may start having separation anxiety," Cas stated.
Sam blushed, walking back towards the school. Dean chuckled kissing the top of Cas' head as he motioned him to get in the car.
It was already after 10 a.m. and they had their first baby training class at 1 p.m. Cas unstuck himself from Dean before grabbing his panties and Dean's shirt to wear. He went to the kitchen to start coffee for his alpha and breakfast.
To the omega, it felt like ages until Dean came running through the front doors of the school, spotting his young omega crying on a bench with Sam next to him.
"Sam and I got invited to a Halloween party. Maybe we could find some costumes," Cas suggested, giddy with the idea.
Dean looked at him. "No, everything's fine. I'll be right back."
"I don't want to talk about this." Cas walked out of the room.
"Wine is great." Cas smiled, taking a sip from his glass. "So, um, what are you majoring in? If you don't mind me asking."
"Cas, baby, please talk to me," Dean said, kneeling beside the bed next to Cas.
"Dean," Cas whimpered. "Stop, I'm starting to slick. I don't want to have a wet spot on my pants."
"Are you sure you still want to be with me? Once we're married and mated, we're stuck with each other."
A Couple of Weeks Later
Cas' eyebrows knitted together. "So, you actually meant camping camping?"
"Sorry, Cas, but I agree with Charlie." Balthazar shrugged. "We're juniors. Almost everyone I know are already mated."
Dean raised an eyebrow, curious of what Cas had up his sleeve.
Not even two minutes after he sent it, his phone rang, Gabriel's number and photo flashing on the screen.
About 15 minutes later, Dean walked out looking for Cas.
Later on, Dean came home with a bouquet of lillies in his hand. He heard music coming from the bedroom so he followed. Cas was at the vanity, fixing his hair, humming to the music as he got ready.
"I love you, Dean Winchester," Cas breathed out as they were grinding against each other, tasting each other's mouths.
"Hey, you never know," Charlie hinted, getting up from the chair. She put her hand on Dean's shoulder. "You just got to be positive."
Dean shrugged. "I work on cars all day. What do you expect?"
"I can get that any night. I want something special," the alpha bargained.
"Okay, you convinced me. I'll tell my mom when we meet up with her at the venue," Cas caved.
"Good morning, honeybee," Cas greeted, picking the 16 month old up.
"Damnit," Dean cursed. "Okay, I'll be there in like 5 minutes."
((You're gonna be a husband! - Meg))
"I'm Charlie," she introduced. "And this is my mate Gilda."
"You're hilarious," Gabe deadpanned.
The omega pulled Dean by the hand towards the group before the alpha could protest.
"Your alpha gone so soon?" Richard walked over with Crowley.
"Don't do this to me, Dean."
After school, Cas walked out to the parking lot to find Dean waiting next to the impala. Cas smiled and rushed over, hugging Dean tightly.
"No problem, Cassie." Balthazar winked. "So, can I buy you a drink?" He asked, smugly.
The teacher nodded, dropping her arms from her chest. "Maybe next time, you should pay attention rather than fall asleep."
Dean sighed. "It's just my ex. I don't know how she got my number or who told her about the wedding, but she keeps texting me."
"Let's go lay down on our bed. I didn't get much sleep last night so I could go for a nap," Dean responded.
"Yes, of course. I didn't think I would have a family this soon, but I always promised my self, once I start one, I would do my best to get a job and pull out of the army."
"Meg," Cas censured.
"So, Cas, how are the Winchesters doing?" Naomi said acrimoniously, taking a sip of her wine.
The Next Morning
"Come on, Cas. I'm sorry. Okay?" Dean apologized, following Cas. "I won't talk about it anymore. As long as you're happy about them being in your life again, then I'm happy too."
"Cas. It's for you," Sam called out.
"Holy shit," the alpha breathed out, almost dropping the glasses.
"You're such a dork," Cas laughed, hitting Dean's arm playfully.
"Come here, cutie," Sam said, grabbing Claire from Dean before leaving.
Suddenly, someone started knocking on their front door. The couple stopped their movements and sounds.
"Hmm?" Cas looked up at him, from his flowers, his blue eyes searing into Dean.
Dean sighed. "I know. Maybe you were right about Lisa. She's just trying to win me back. I just thought it'd be nice to have a son too."
"It's my pleasure," the beta told him. "Why don't we meet at the apartment Monday and we can start the paperwork?"
"He hacked into my Snapchat account and found the pictures I sent to you," Cas sighed.
The omega grabbed Dean's hand, leading him to their bedroom. He made Dean sit on the edge of the bed so Cas could straddle him. Dean grabbed Cas' ass with both hands, squeezing and giving a playful slap.
"Cas, you're a child. You cannot move in with Dean. He is too old for you," Chuck put in.
"That's it," Dean growled, trying to keep his voice low. "Cas, your mother-"
"Oh my god," The omega breathed out, moaning, grasping at the sheets as Dean continued to eat of the younger boy's ass out.
Dean pushed the plug in and out of Cas, watching his hole stretch around it, making the omega moan. Dean finally took it out, admiring the slick running down Cas' thighs. After what felt like hours to Cas, Dean started pushing into his boyfriend slowly. A breath caught in Cas' mouth, feeling the girth of his alpha's cock. Dean started thrusting slowly, just feeling the heat and tightness of Cas. He grabbed the omega's hips, rotating his own hips, pressed close to Cas.
"Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck," Cas chanted, breathing heavily. "Fuck me, daddy. Please."
"A little," Eileen spoke up, coming to stand next to Sam.
Cas looked up and saw the alpha he ran into a couple of weeks ago in the showers.
"Of course. I actually have a list at home," Cas breathed a laugh.
Dean and Cas led Naomi to the living room. The couple sat on the couch while Cas' mom sat on the chair across from them.
"You ever taken a real alpha's know before, baby?" Dean asked, still pumping one finger in and out of Cas, slowly adding a second.
"She got back with her ex. Sam was kind of upset, but he fell for Eileen afterwards," Cas replied.
"What about you, Dean?" Cas asked, looking at Dean with a smile. "This is your first year here. Where did you go to school before?"
Dean huffed a laugh. "Yeah. You got me there."
"You can still see the penis my brother drew on my forehead in my freshman picture." The alpha laughed. "The worst was, he did it the night before, so I scrubbed my forehead all morning."
Dean groaned and went to sit in the waiting room again, this time away from the Novaks. It wasn't much later that Dean's parents rushed in. Dean got up to hug them.
Dean walked up to the hostess. "I have a reservation under Winchester."
"Uh oh. You thinking leads to no good," Cas teased, biting back a smile.
"Great. Thank you," Cas responded. "Hey, Claire, why don't you go with your Uncle Gabriel while I unpack?"
"Um, where's Dean?" Cas asked.
"Thank you for buying the medicine for her." the omega looked away. "I was too terrified and angry to go back and grab what I needed."
"But what if I don't like anything?"
"We're just trying to intimidate him," Michael defended.
"What's a matter omega? Don't like the affections of an alpha?" Dick said, wrapping his arm around Cas' waist.
"Why the fuck would Gabriel think it was a good idea to throw it through the window?" The omega asked, dumbfounded. "I asked Gabe to buy me a pregnancy test, hoping you wouldn't find out."
"Do you even know the real reason I left? Somehow dad found out and he beat the shit out of me. Mom tried to pull him off, but he wouldn't let up. She was able to distract him for a split second so I could get away. He told me to leave or he'll kill Cas and my kid. I packed my stuff and ran off to Bobby's."
"You hungry, sweetheart?" Dean asked.
The alpha chuckled, walking out of their bedroom. As he turned the corner, he was met with a figure in the hall.
"Can you help me, alpha?" Cas asked, his back turned towards Dean.
"I'm sorry, Dean. I didn't mean to yell at you," Cas breathed out.
Dean pushed Cas against the wall roughly, their kiss never breaking. The alpha started kissing and lightly biting his way down Cas' neck until he reached the omega's nipples. Dean rolled the bud with his tongue, using his hand to pinch the other nipple.
Cas smiled a little. "Just like her daddy."
"You don't have to be. I deserve it. They have the right to be angry with me. Any older sibling would do the same," Dean replied.
"Really?" Dean perked up.
Cas rested his thighs and started rotating his hips, leaning down to kiss Dean while running a hand through his hair. Dean grabbed Cas' ass, squeezing it while he started teasing the omega's nipples. Cas moaned, arching his back, his nails scratching at the base of the back of Dean's head.
"It doesn't seem like everything's fine," Dean said, concerned. "What happened?"
Seeing his omega like this, broke Dean. He wished he could have stopped that asshole from laying a finger on Cas. Just the omega's scent alone was enough to break Dean's heart. The smell of fear mixed with anger and protectiveness.
Cas studied the alpha's face. He's going to feel like a complete and utter idiot if he's wrong, but he believes Dean. Does he believe because he's still in love with Dean and doesn't want to see him with another omega? Maybe. Is it because he doesn't want to think of Dean leaving him high and dry again so he's in denial? Possibly.
Dean moved his legs, chuckling. "You're cute when you micromanage things."
"They told me to leave, Dean," Cas cried, grabbing at the alpha's shirt.
"I love you too, alpha," Cas replied, giving Dean another kiss before he left.
Once Dean dropped Cas off at school, the pregnant omega made his way to his locker. He noticed the school was quieter than normal. He looked around to find students passing by whispering, glancing at Cas every so often. Did something happen that he didn't know about?
"Hi, alpha," Cas replied, picking up the puffs from the floor.
Cas threw his head back in pure ecstasy, grabbing at the pillows and sheets for leverage as Dean thrust into him harshly.
"How are you doing, Dean?" Charlie asked.
"Thank you, alpha," Cas smiled, walking over to get in bed next to Dean.
"How can my mother tell me to just get out?" The omega asked, his voice small.
"No, really. Why are you so happy? What happened?" Sam questioned.
Curious, Cas put the box down and returned to his other presents. The rest of the gifts were lingerie, a pallet of eye shadow Cas has been asking for, and a new pink and blue phone case.
"Love you, alpha," Cas muttered.
Dean pretended to think. "I think I can make that work."
"But," Charlie paused. "I don't understand."
"Very funny," Dean retorted, tickling Cas' side.
"'In and out' is what got me in this position," Cas breathed out.
"Oh, come on. Your parents kind of like me. Gabriel doesn't exactly hate me. Samandriel and Hannah like me," Dean argued. "I promise I'll behave."
"Okay, okay. Fair points. But this idea won't get us in trouble. I promise." Dean pleaded.
"Um, I was out....taking a run in the park...." Cas hesitated.
Meg got up and stood in front of Cas, glaring at the alpha. The omega decided to softly push Meg out of the way so he could stare up at Dick.
I'm going to be ending this story soon. I'm thinking one more chapter will do, but I really want to try and make it into a series. What do you guys think?
Cas tried not to roll his eyes. "Of course. Dean, this is my friend Mick. Mick, this is my fiancé, Dean."
A growl rumbled from Dean, thinking of his little omega surrounded by big football players. Cas placed his hand on the alpha's arm to calm him down.
Dean thrusted into him faster, his orgasm approaching. His knot was starting to catch on the omega's sensitive rim. He grabbed the omega's hips, slamming him down to meet his erratic thrusts.
"Can we afford a vacation?"
The omega helped Claire change into a Little Mermaid sleeping gown and got her in bed. He sat on the edge, tucking her in. He took the medicine out of the bag and opened them.
"Have you tried looking at the directions?" Cas asked.
Castiel tried hard not to blush at the way the alpha was looking at him.
"It doesn't matter, mom. Whatever you feel like making," Sam answered.
The alpha grabbed Cas' hand. "Hey, don't let anyone try to take advantage of you just because you're an omega. If you want, I can go beat some sense into that asshole."
"You had to start arguing with me when all I'm trying to do is help my son out," Naomi argued.
"You too, Tessa." Dean wrapped his arm around Cas' waist. "This is my boyfriend, Cas. Cas, this is Tessa."
"I told you I didn't trust that dude. I'm sure that was all he wanted from you," Gabriel complained.
"Oh, right," the alpha snapped out of it, holding out the letters. "I got some of your mail."
"My brothers need to know I'm pregnant. My parents need to know." Cas looked up at the alpha, his eyes starting to tear up.
Cas slumped his shoulders, not knowing what to do until his brother picks him up from school. That was until he heard whistles coming from the football field just outside the double doors close to the Novak.
"I was thinking about something," Cas stated.
"Hey, I know it wasn't easy to come over this year," Gabriel told Cas. "You know, ever since you-know-who moved back in town."
Cas looked at the sweaty Winchester and swallowed. "I'm, yeah, um, I'm fine."
"Well, thank you."
Cas smiled softly, nodding. He grabbed Dean's hand as the alpha led him to the dancefloor. Dean held Cas' waist while Cas wrapped his arms around the alpha's neck as they swayed along to the music.
"Your mom does not like me," Dean mentioned.
"Sorry I took so long, baby," the alpha said, sitting next to Cas, wrapping his arm around him. "You should of went back to bed."
"Nothing," Sam responded.
"I'm looking at the settings now. I wanted to get some pictures of us and the fireworks," Cas answered. "If not, I brought the ring light for my phone."
"Hi," Cas yawned out, sitting up.
"Cas, what are you doing?" The alpha breathed out.
Sam smiled, patting Cas' back as both of the boys started walking out of the school into the big parking lot.
"Winchester," Cas answered.
"I hope not," Dean sighed, kissing Cas' forehead.
"Yeah, I'm definitely gay," Cas mumbled to himself, watching the field.
Dean looked at Cas, both of them nodding. "That'd be really great," Dean said.
"Of course, sweetie." Mary gave him a sympathetic look, letting him in. "What happened? It's Valentine's day. You shouldn't be fighting."
"Shut up, bitch," Dean said, shoving Sam playfully.
"I love you too," Dean whispered, kissing the top of Cas' head. "I never stopped loving you."
"Yeah," Dean breathed. "Hey, I'm actually doing it. Thank you, Cla-."
Dean stopped in his tracks and looked at the pregnancy test. He didn't want to think of Cas pregnant. He was too young. Of course Dean wanted pups, but not this soon in the relationship. They barely started seeing each other.
Without warning, the alpha stripper started dancing in front of Cas, his crotch right in the omega's face. Cas blushed, but laughed it off. The stripper grabbed Cas' hand and put it on his very sculpted abs, running down to right above his crotch. Cas' friends 'whoo'ed and took pictures and video.
"Friends?" Cas asked, confused yet happy.
The omega walked up to Gadreel, hesitating a bit before leaning up and pressing his lips to Gadreel's.
"Yeah, I'd really like that," Cas agreed. "Dean? Can I ask you something?"
"Maybe I am a zombie," Dean said, grabbing Cas from behind, holding him. "I do love eating you. Or a specific part of you that is."
Dean still felt out of place at the party filled with no one over 19, but he wanted to make his boyfriend happy by coming along.
"Don't sit on the furniture naked," Dean recited. "I'll go put sweatpants on."
The same guy that came up to the couple before, tapped Cas on the shoulder. "Heyy, you're gorgeous. Do you wanna come over and dance with me?" He said, his words slurred together.
-----
"I hate being so crazy about Sam's older brother, Dean. Everytime I'm at Sam's house, there Dean is looking gorgeous as ever, being a big, strong alpha," Dean recited, walking into the bedroom.
"What do you mean?" Dean questioned.
Dean rushed to the bedroom where Cas was standing in just a pair of panties. He had his hand over his stomach, smiling.
"Where did you go? And why do you smell like cigarettes?" Cas questioned him.
A waiter walked over with a chilled bottle of expensive wine, presenting it to the couple. Dean and Cas looked at each other, confused.
Dean picked Cas up and put him over his shoulder while Cas was still yelling back and forth with Bela.
Dean's head fell back to the headboard. "Fuck."
"Okay, okay. That's it. Thats enough of this game," Gabriel shouted. "I'm learning way too many things about my baby brother that I shouldn't know."
"Have you talked to your family at all since you've left?" The alpha questioned, rolling them on their sides to face each other, propping he head on his hand.
Samandrial, Hannah, and Lucifer whined making everyone laugh. Dean decided to make coffee, tea for Cas, and hot chocolate for the little ones before they all resided to their living room.
"Have you two been using condoms in the bedroom?" Mary asked, trying to be subtle.
"I feel fancy. I wished I dressed nicer though," Charlie laughed, looking down at her tshirt and blazer.
Cas' eyebrows furrowed. "What? What do they want?"
I'm probably going to be skipping chunks to further the story, so I hope it doesn't come out too bad.
"I got up at least 5 times last night to pee. So, sorry if I'm a little grumpy," Cas argued.
"We named her Claire," Dean announced.
Later That Same Day
"No, I can be a little late," Dean shrugged, still staring at Mick.
Cas playfully hit him. "I'm not prissy."
"I know," Cas sighed, taking a drink for his champagne.
"Because I'm awesome," Cas joked.
"Um, hey," Dean greeted awkwardly.
"Please," Cas begged, tears spilling. "Please. Just leave me alone."
"After everything, I still love him. I just want to try again. He grew up. He seems different," Cas shrugged, smiling.
"Shit!" Dean cursed before running to the bedroom and grabbing the duffel bag they packed for the hospital. "Shit shit shit."
Cas stifled a moan, glaring at Dean. "Turn it off."
"Okay, okay," Dean sighed, sitting next to Cas on the couch in the den. "You're probably right. I just don't want anything bad to happen to you or our pup. I know it sounds kinda crazy to get panicked at something so little."
"Already am," Dean replied, smiling at Cas who was still blushing from Gabriel's speech.
Cas nodded, taking a seat next to the beta, putting his backpack and books next to the chair. The omega groaned, feeling the vomit coming back up again. He grabbed the small trash bin next to him and emptied his stomach once again.
The omega was still upset about yesterday. Dean held on to him all night. The alpha hated to admit it, but he was glad that Cas saw Naomi's true colors. It hurt him to see Cas upset, but it made him happy to know that Cas now seems how Naomi is towards him.
It wasn't long after that the teacher and more people came in. Cas made sure to exchange numbers with Charlie and Gilda after class.
"I can't stay, baby," Dean told him, grabbing one of his old t-shirts and helping Cas put it on. "I need to go back to work then I have to meet with Tessa to finalize everything for our apartment."
The Winchester chuckled, sitting on the edge of the tub, leaning in to kiss Cas. The pregnant omega kissed him back, pulling on Dean's shirt to get him closer. Dean pulled away and smiled.
Cas flinched away in disgust. "Don't touch me."
"Hey, sweetheart," Dean greeted softly, kneeling in front of the couch to look at Cas. "How are you feeling?"
"I actually have an appointment for Monday after school," Cas responded.
"But you're already naked," the pregnant omega whined, running his hand down Dean's stomach.
"I heard what he had to say. That doesn't mean I forgive him, but it at least made me feel a little better knowing why he left."
"Boring," Cas sang.
Claire smiled, grabbing for her alpha father.
Cas stopped him. "I know. I'll talk to her after the party."
"Hey, sweetheart. Want me to pick you up after school?" Dean messaged.
7 Years Earlier
"Nice to meet you, Cas," Garth greeted, patting the omega's shoulder. "I need to get back to class. I can't afford to fail my chemistry class."
Cas shook his head. "No, I want to have Thanksgiving with your family."
"Of course I am. I have nowhere to go," Cas said bitterly.
After a while, Dean came back to their apartment, carrying snacks and their dinner. Cas grabbed a couple of bags to help Dean.
Once the husbands got in the car, they both sighed a breath of relief. They looked at each other and smiled widely. Cas surged forward, capturing Dean's lips. The alpha pulled his new husband as close as possible, deepening the kiss. Cas took the hint, opening his mouth to welcome Dean's tongue.
The oldest Winchester decided to take out his iPod and listen to his music for the rest of the drive. He was still tired and sore from their shapeshifter hunt the day before, so he went ahead and shut his eyes before the get to Harvelle's.
"Your mother wanted it to just be us," Chuck answered, taking Cas and Dean's coats. "Gabriel took Samandrial and Hannah to the movies and your brothers are at each other's throats again."
The omega rolled his eyes playfully. "The next time I go to the doctor I'll ask her about putting me on something else because my fiancé is a whiny alpha."
Dean looked back Cas, hiding his smirk. "I went straight to the showers from the gym. I didn't bring extra clothes."
"Meg," Cas chided amusingly.
All the Novak siblings arrived at the outdoor ice rink, dozens of people were already there having fun.
"Is everything cleared up?" Sam announced, startling Cas and Dean.
"What's this?" Cas asked, opening it.
The front door closed behind Dean when he left. Cas decided to go to their bedroom and put on something sexier. He put a pair of light blue laced underwear on with a matching blue laced chemise, which was a bit tight, before wrapping himself up in the blanket. He went back to the living room and sat on the couch, waiting for Dean.
"You slept together," Sam stated instead of asked.
"Don't hesitate to call us either," Ellen added, waving her hand. "We'll be here for you two."
"Cas!" Naomi shouted, rushing into his room and hugging him.
Dean and a few other seniors all chipped in to rent a cabin for a weekend. The alpha already asked Cas to go with him before they even knew if they could reserve it. Cas was hesitant. He knew his dad, nor his brothers and sisters, were going to let him go, but he really wanted to stay with Dean. So, he decided to lie to his family. He told them he was going to spend the weekend with one of his friends.
"Why not? Christmas is two days away. My brother and his fiancée are visiting and announced that they're starting a family. Everything is looking up," Dean explained.
"Good morning, Sam," Cas called, smiling.
The newly married couple took the elevator to the ground floor to go to the five star restaurant that was in the hotel. Dean pulled Cas close as possible, holding and squeezing his hand as they walked towards the restaurant. Cas was confused as to why Dean has become a lot more affectionate. Of course, the alpha has always been affectionate with Cas, but it has been through the roof lately.
Dean sighed happily, smiling, throwing himself on his bed. He couldn't be happier for inviting Cas. They talked and laughed and it was something Dean craved more of.
The omega decided to make himself a cup of tea and look through his feed from his multiple social media accounts. Cas settled on the couch with a mug and his phone, waiting for Dean to come home.
"Oh my god," Cas gasped, kneeling down. "Dean, are you okay?"
Dean shook his head. "No. I don't want him to know. It's better having him pissed at me than to know how huge of a dick our dad was and how fucking weak I was to run off with my tail between my legs."
"You look really good in that costume, Cassie," Balthazar insisted with a wink.
The alpha leaned down, kissing at the omega's small cock, trailing down to his opening, still pumping his fingers. He started licked at Cas' sweet hole, tasting at his delicious slick, slowly adding his tongue next to his fingers.
"Yeah, well, that's not gonna happen," Gabe snapped, closing the door.
Cas grabbed Dean's tie and pulled him to their bedroom. The omega pushed Dean back on the bed, surprising him.
"Yeah, but it's your graduation tomorrow. We can't bring her or to the after party your friend is throwing," Dean pointed out.
"So, this was all a setup? The crying? The whole breakdown scene?" The oldest Winchester continued to question.
Cas helped Dean out of his shirt before leaning forward, kissing Dean passionately, working his hands on the waistband on the alpha's underwear.
"No, I don't think so. Why, sweetie?" Mary walked over to her oldest son, worried look on her face.
"Shit. They didn't bring glasses," Dean points out. "I'll go ask for some."
"I know everything you're saying is true and valid, but I'm not that same stupid 18 year old that broke your heart. I want to be a family with you and Claire. Just give me a chance, Cas. Please."
Dean placed a kiss on Cas' forehead before walking out. The omega sighed contently, grabbing a few things from his locker and putting them in his backpack.
"There's always Mick," Cas hesitated.
"Uh, I guess. He just said he hasn't been feeling himself lately.
"Found it," Cas announced.
The alpha stormed out of the bedroom. Cas rushed to follow him. Dean grabbed his keys and put his jacket back on.
"You look fine, Charlie. I love the blazer," Cas told her.
A knock on the door interrupted their decorating. Dean went over to open the door while Cas continued decorating. He figured it was one of the neighbors asking for help. Dean has made himself known as a handyman for their whole floor.
"Hey, babe," Dean greeted from the front door. "I'm home and I brought some burgers."
"That's good. I'm glad Sammy helps you."
"We actually haven't discussed that," Dean answered, turning to look at Cas. "What do you think, babe?"
Cas bit his lip, smiling a bit. "Maybe."
"Well, I know how prissy you are," Dean joked. "so I got an air mattress."
"Shit," Dean rasped, leaning his forehead on Cas' shoulder. "God, you're so amazing, sweetheart."
"Hmm?" Dean hummed, not opening his eyes.
Once it was 2 minutes till midnight, fireworks started appearing in the sky more and more. Cas was sitting on the hood of the car, a blanket wrapped around him, watching the sky in awe. Dean sat beside him, a beer in hand.
"Cas, I can't even begin to tell you how sorry I am. You don't know how much this regret haunts me."
"Okay. Are you warm enough?" Cas asked, wrapping a scarf around Claire.
"What are we supposed to do?"
Cas and Dean sat across from each other at a fancy bakery Naomi dragged them to. It was cake tasting time and Cas was excited. Although Dean preferred pies, he would eat the cake Cas decided on.
"You're not wearing underwear, are you?" Dean asked, already knowing the answer when his fingers dipped between the omega's cheeks. "And a plug, huh? You're keeping yourself stretched for me to take you at any moment?"
Cas, Ruby, Dumah, and Meg drank another shot.
"Dad's at work. Mom's-"
"Wh..what?" Dean stuttered. "Why would you say that?"
After Cas was satisfied with how clean the apartment was, he drew himself a bath. He got undressed and sat in the tub, the warm, bubbly water soothing his body. Cas relaxed,resting his head against the wall behind him.
She poured wine in the two glasses that were on the table before handing Cas and Gadreel the menus. "I'll give you a minute."
"Lucifer is stuck at work and Raphael is watching the two little ones," Gabe added.
" The waiter asked, staring at Cas.
"Holy shit," Dean repeated, staring at his beautiful boyfriend.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Dean exclaimed.
"Good," Cas smiled up at him and kissed him softly. "Goodnight, daddy."
"I fucking hate you two," Cas yelled at his brothers, with no anger behind it.
"Ow, ow, ow," Cas hissed. "Dean, loosen your grip."
"Then I will go do that. What else are you craving?"
"I like your stuble. It feels amazing when you rim me. Maybe you can just trim it down," the omega explained.
Cas put his hand up against Dean's. "I really enjoyed that."
"And put some cologne on," Cas yelled after him.
The omega bit his lip. "Fine. Just don't wake my brother when you come in. He's asleep on the couch. And you have to be gone by morning."
"Nice to meet you too," the beta repeated.
Cas smiled, giving Dean a quick kiss, taking the flowers from him. "Thank you, alpha. Let me put these in a vase then we can go."
Later after school, Cas made his way towards Dean's car. He noticed the alpha was talking and laughing with a few of his friends. Cas slowed down, not wanting to interrupt. He knew what a lot of the seniors thought about his and Dean's relationship. Not that they would say anything to Dean's face, but Cas hears the rumors and gossip.
"What are the sleeping arrangements for the night before the wedding?" Cas asked, his hand interlocked with Dean's.
"You're so smart and beautiful and talented," Dean listed. "I can't believe you're all mine."
"This is ridiculous," Cas said, walking over to the living room.
With Cas' eagerness, Dean added a second finger, thrusting it in and out before soon adding a third. Slick was dripping down the back of Cas' thighs, covering Dean's fingers.
"Dean, it's not your fault."
"Don't worry about it, sweetheart. You look amazing," Dean replied.
"What a great first impression," Dean stated, laughing along with Cas.
"Yeah, sweetheart?" Dean replied.
Dean's eyes widened at Charlie's words, realizing the truth. "Oh... Yeah."
"Am I going to be an uncle?" The alpha asked, trying his hardest not to get upset.
"Happy New Year's, sweetheart," Dean said, kissing Cas passionately.
"A pillow fort."
"Everything's fine. I unpacked and I'm settled in. No need to worry," Cas reassured him.
-----
The oldest Winchester wrapped his arm around Cas' waist, kissing his temple. The omega smiled, leaning into Dean.
It was obvious to everyone but Dean that Cas had a crush on the older Winchester growing up. Cas couldn't help it. The alpha was all muscle, freckles, and, well, all around beauty. It was hard for Cas not to get jealous when Dean walked the halls of high school with a different beta and omega on his arm ever other week.
"You did great, Dean," Cas added, timidly.
"Do you think I should tell her the truth?"
"Dean," Mary chided. "Why don't you two do some bonding and go to the grocery store for me?"
"Whatever. At least I'm getting laid," Dean challenged. "Unless you count your hand."
"Texting my friends to tell them we're having a girl," Cas replied, still focused on the phone. "What are you doing?"
"Goodnight," Cas said before closing the door.
"Thank you, Balthazar," Cas said.
"If you want to go back, I won't stop you. It's your decision," the omega said, fighting back tears.
"Baby, you need to take it easy," Dean worried.
"Hi, mom," Dean said.
"It's nice meeting you, omega," Zachariah said, letting go of the mail. "I hope we'll meet again soon."
"Thank you, sweetheart," Mary replied, smiling. "Okay. Let's all dig in."
"Whose the husband-to-be?" The guy asked before ripping his pants off.
"I, uh, I...don't know where to start," Dean hesitated. "So, um, you kept the baby. Obviously."
"Why don't we go take a shower and then we can see about getting that apartment?" Dean asked. The omega nodded, grabbing Dean's hand.
Cas relaxed after knowing it was Dean and not that creepy neighbor. "I'm taking a bath," Cas shouted back.
"Really?" The omega asked, his eyebrow arched.
"Yes, it was," Naomi snapped. "Cas needs to realize what a loser you are. You can't even take care of him. What makes you think you can take care of a pup?"
Cas wiped his tears. "My mom made me..." He sobbed, tears falling faster. "She made me have an abortion."
"Oh, good. Do we have any ginger ale?" Dean asked, still looking through the fridge.
"You think so?" Cas questioned. "I don't know. I think I might change."
Dean chuckled at his boyfriend's enthusiasm. "I know. We still have a lot left to do."
"Yes, sir," Cas said smiling, giving Dean a kiss.
Cas threw his shoe at Dean. "Get up, Dean! You need to take me home."
"So, Cassie," Gabe started. "What do you think about us throwing you a bachelor's party?"
"Can you believe we only have a little more than a week till our pup is here?" Dean asked.
"Cas?" Dean called out.
"I'm being completely serious. I want to wait until we start our honeymoon. I want our first time as a married couple to be special. I want it to be romantic when you mate with me."
"Fine," Dean sighed, pulling out of Cas and picking his sweatpants up. "How am I gonna answer the door with an erection?"
Cas' cheeks tinted. "What? No. I mean, he's attractive, but it's not going to turn into anything. I'm not looking for a relationship right now."
," Cas reiterated.
The alpha's hand landed on Cas' skin a few more times, making Cas so close to coming on the bed beneath him, but Dean didn't let that happen. Not yet.
The omega rolled his eyes and pulled Dean, by the belt on his jeans, towards him so he was standing in front of Cas.
Cas shook his head, tears still falling. Sam hugged the omega tightly before walking him out towards the front office. The alpha sat Cas down on the bench outside of the office, kneeling in front of him.
"Hi, beautiful," Dean smiled, kissing his fiancé tenderly.
Finally, the alpha has the perfect life. Married and mated to a gorgeous omega that is his, a beautiful daughter that is growing up so quick; a family he always wanted. All his future plans were falling in place. He started thinking about buying a new house, having pups running around while Cas is pregnant, walking Claire down the aisle, meeting Cas and his grandchildren, growing old with his omega.
The omega looked up at the mirror, following Dean's instructions. His cheeks were red, his lips were slick with spit and swollen from biting on them to try and stifle some of his moans. His dark hair was sticking up everywhere from Dean running his fingers through it and pulling on it. Cas didn't want to seem conceited, but he looked sexy as all hell. He never thought this look was real. He figured the omegas in porn were made up to look like that, like it was staged, but here he was looking like one of those porn stars.
"I met a guy," Cas said nonchalantly, not looking at his brother.
When he opened the door, all the Novak siblings were there holding various sizes of wrapped gifts. Dean was surprised, not knowing what to think.
Once Cas got in the car, Gabriel knew something was up.
Cas pulled away from his younger siblings to hug his older brother. "Hi, Gabriel."
"Why are you doing homework?" Dean asked. "You just finished your first year in college. I didn't think they would give you homework."
"I like him,' Claire giggled. "He's funny."
"He's like a brother to me," Sam told him, pulling away. "I kinda got worried when he didn't come to meet me at lunch."
"Novak-Winchester?"
"Yes, baby." The alpha gave Cas a chaste kiss. "I promise. We'll have our own place and we'll do all this together." He wiped the tears from the omega's eyes.
The six year old drank the medicine, scrunching up her face. Cas chuckled and kissed her forehead.
"It will," Cas agreed, putting his hand on top of Dean's.
Cas nodded, giving the alpha a small smile.
"Baby, you have to wait until tomorrow," Dean said, watching Cas.
This is the end for this story. I'm really glad y'all liked this story. I will definitely be making this into a series. I'm not done writing. I have plenty of ideas still, so I hope you guys stick around.
"Hey, Cas?" Dean turned to look at his roommate.
It came down to the last present. Cas was super curious and excited to see what was inside. Dean set down his coffee to watch his boyfriend. Cas unwrapped the box to reveal a plain white box.
"Of course. I'll finally be free of that hell hole. No more harassment, no more uniforms, no more dealing with Dick. It's great!"
"I know, sweetheart. I understand," Dean assured, hugging Cas. "And I totally get if you don't want to ever speak to them again. Bobby always said just because you're blood, doesn't make you family."
"Goodnight," Cas said, turning to kiss Dean. "I love you."
Dean held the camera up and snapped a photo of Cas. "No, I just like taking pictures of cute omegas."
Claire looked up at Dean with wide blue eyes, moving her arm to try to grab him. The alpha smiled, putting his finger in front of the pup. She grabbed it curiously.
"You okay, babe?" Dean breathed a laugh.
Sam rubbed the back of his neck nervously, "Yeah, kinda."
"Yes, please," Dean spoke up.
The bed squeaked under the couple, the sound of skin slapping and moans filled the room. Dean continued fucking his pregnant boyfriend, bringing his hand to the back of Cas' neck. He decided to try something. He pushed his fingers in Cas' hair then tugging on it a little hard.
After numerous speeches, the band started playing upbeat, fun songs everyone could dance to. Dean and Cas were on the dance floor, dancing to "September" by Earth, Wind, and Fire. Dean was carrying a giggling Claire as the newlyweds danced like no one's watching. Cas grabbed the 16 month old and spun. Claire squealed, holding on to Cas, a giant smile on her face.
Dean returned to their bedroom and shook Cas awake gently. Cas groaned, waking up a little, opening an eye to glare at Dean. The alpha chuckled, running a hand through Cas' hair.
"And you had to wait for my alpha to leave," Cas smirked, turning to face Dick and Crowley. "Too scared of Dean?"
Dean pushed her arms away. "Lisa, this shit needs to stop. How clearer can I be? I don't want you. I literally married the only omega I truly love. Now, you might be the mother of my son, but that doesn't mean you can try to win me back."
"This is one of my favorite bakeries. Everything is fresh," Naomi commented.
Cas breathed a sigh of relief. "Thanks, Gabe."
"Aww, fine," Dean groaned, getting up from the bed to reside to the living room.
"Do you need anything?" Dean asked, kneeling in front of Cas. "Are you feeling any better?"
Dean chuckled, kissing the top of Cas' head as he passed by to grab a glass from the top cabinet. Cas grabbed a few waters and juices and put them in a small cooler.
Dean got up, not waiting for a response from Naomi, and walked outside. He decided to call his mom and tell her what was going on. He went ahead and finished the paperwork outside. He didn't want to see Cas' parents right now. He was more concerned about Cas. He didn't need to be fighting with Naomi when Cas was in the emergency.
"It's true," Dean shrugged, chuckling.
The alpha looked over at Cas, only to find him playing with Ms. Mosley's cat.
"Well, I can't have my pregnant omega doing house work. And besides, I took those hours to earn more money for us and the pup."
"Yes," the omega sighed. "But I don't like them. They make me feel and look fat."
Once Dean entered the living room, he saw his younger alpha brother Sam sitting on the couch with a young omega about the same age as Sam.
"Yeah, but you want the bear," Dean said, his face softening when he looked at his date.
When Cas got his first heat and presented as an omega, Gabriel was more protective of him.
"Dean!" The pregnant omega cried out, tears threatening to spill. "Please. I need to come so bad."
The omega grabbed the other controller as Dean started a new race. They played, both of their competitive sides coming out. Cas was in 2nd place while Dean was in 5th. Cas laughed as he glanced at Dean making a concentrated face, tongue sticking out.
"Daddy, please. I'm ready," Cas moaned.
"I didn't ask for your sass," Cas retorted.
"You're not forcing me." The alpha kissed Cas' forehead. "I do love you."
"Come on, Charlie. A club? Really?" Cas rolled his eyes. "I am not in the mood for grinding and loud music."
"No offense, babe, but the last date on this was last year," Dean pointed out.
Cas yawned, cuddling up against Dean, leaning up to kiss his jaw. "I love you too, alpha."
Cas cleared his throat, feeling the alcohol getting to him. "I'll get the next round."
"Speaking of conquests. It looks like someone has been staring at you," Charlie said, tilting her chin to the bar behind Cas.
The moans the young omega was making, and the way he was working his mouth at Dean's length, was bringing the alpha closer and closer to climax.
"Speaking of tomorrow, are your parents actually coming to the party?"
Dean smiled at Cas. "Yeah, me neither."
"You started it," Dean pointed out, soaking Cas with another splash.
Deciding not to eat his lunch, Cas put the tray beside him and pulled out a book from his backpack, tuning out the world.
"How about this? We pop some more fireworks to drown out their noise." Dean proposed.
"How are you feeling being a new father?" Michael questioned.
The omega looked down. "What if he wants more than just a kiss tonight? I don't think I'm ready for that right now."
"Do you like?" Cas asked.
"Yes, ma'am." Dean sighed.
"Oh my god!" Cas exclaimed, hugging the alpha. "This is amazing."
"Okay. Definitely popcorn and an icee. And I guess nachos," Cas decided.
"Please, alpha," Cas whimpered, knowing by calling Dean 'alpha,' he would move this along.
"Just tell him to take Claire to the park. Then we can have the place to ourselves," Dean offered, pressing his crotch into Cas' ass.
"I'm feeling good, actually.  I'm starting to feel the pup move a bit," Cas said, smiling, rubbing his stomach.
"I know, sweetheart," Dean purred. "I'm gonna take care of you."
The Winchester woke up, seeing Cas on his lap. "Sorry. I must have fallen asleep."
The birth of the pup was quickly approaching. The due date was set for the 26th. Cas was freaking out, stressing out, and just all around terrified. He was scared at what it was going to feel like, afraid of the pain.
Dean chuckled. "Okay. Okay. Fine."
After both of them finished eating, Cas decided to curl up on the couch, his head on Dean's lap. The alpha left it on a channel that was showing an Alien movie marathon.
"I need to be with him," Dean snapped at the nurse.
"You need to get it, Dean. I need to move out of my house. I can't stand being with my controlling siblings," the omega said, on the verge of tears. "Please, Dean."
"Cas, you at least need to give her that choice to find him or not."
Cas chuckled. "Let's get some lunch and you can tell me more about her."
"Hey, dad," Dean said, letting Sam go slowly.
"Son of a bitch!" Dean exclaimed. "Okay! I'm up!"
"Let's be fancy and pop open the cider," Cas added.
"Gabe, it's me," Cas told him, his voice in a whisper.
"You're just trying to save your ass after that dork comment," Cas retorted, amused.
Dean hugged him tightly, smiling, a tear threatening to spill. "We're having a girl."
Cas laughed, wiping his tears. "He'll have to deal with me first."
"Mhm," Cas answered, biting his lip. "Do you think we can squeeze in a quickie before we leave?"
"I hate her. She does this all the time to everyone."
Dean moaned through the kiss, tightening the grip on Cas' hips. The omega deepened the kiss, moving with Dean's thrusts.
"Why don't we go lay down and I'll put on the animal channel?" Dean asked.
The omega nudged Sam playfully, both of them laughing. Dean walked over, Cas and his jackets in hand.
Cas looked up at him with tear filled eyes. "You promise?"
"Shit," Cas whispered.
"I am," Cas said, making grabby hands at the milkshake Dean was holding.
The alpha snorted. "Good one."
"You know, Dean, you're really sweet," the omega said timidly.
"Nothing happened. I just needed some air. I took a cigarette from one of the waiters outside," Dean answered.
"Do you have anyone who can come pick you up?" The nurse asked, looking at Cas with concern. "Parents? Siblings?"
Cas shrugged. "Well, that's okay. At least you two are here."
Later that night, Dean and Benny sat at a table at a random bar with a pitcher of beer next to them. Dean took a sip of his whiskey, trying to savor his drink. He did not want to drink too much and put Cas in the position to take care of his drunk ass.
"Cas, just please, let me explain. Give me five minutes. I'm begging you," Dean pleaded.
"You should, Sammy," Dean teased. "We'll have a double wedding."
Cas shook his head. "I live here with my fiancé. He's just at work right now."
Cas looked up at him, smiling fondly. "You're excited, huh?"
The omega hung up abruptly, cursing. All he wanted was the band to play the perfect song for the first dance. He groaned and tossed his phone on the coffee table, wincing when it made a noise. He had enough trouble putting Claire down for a nap, he really didn't want to wake her by making noise out of frustration.
The Monday After The Two Week Break
Cas walked into the kitchen where the rest of his siblings were. They all smirked at him knowingly.
"Bela!" Cas exclaimed, eyeing her with Dean.
"Yeah. Of course," Dean answers. "The football game should be on soon anyway."
-----
The 16 month old nodded as Cas put another spoonful in front of her. Dean smiled, watching his new husband feed their daughter.
"Look at you," Naomi pointed out, smiling. "You look so big now. How far along are you now?"
Dean cut him off. "No. It's not. Stop asking that every time my relationships don't work out."
"I was joking!" Cas giggled, trying to push the alpha's hand away.
Then, if it wasn't bad enough, his mind wandered to the thought of Dean leaving him for Lisa. He would go have a family with her. What if when Dean goes over to Lisa's hotel tomorrow, she'll seduce him? What if he actually ends up sleeping with her? How is Cas going to handle that? He'll be a single father, probably moving back in with his parents since he can't afford a place of his own.
"It's very nice, Gadreel," Cas said, calming the alpha down a bit. "I know it's hard to get a reservation here."
"Bitch," Dean retorted.
"There's nothing going on. Like I've said before, I'm not ready to date," Cas huffed, drinking from his beer.
"What?"
"Goodnight, Castiel." Gadreel kissed Cas' cheek before turning to walk away.
About half an hour later, an alpha doctor came out looking for Cas' family. Dean quickly went over, but so did Naomi and Chuck.
The omega started walking into the boy's side of the hallway, running into a shirtless, wet, alpha.
"What time is your ceremony?" Dean asked.
"Is there something wrong? Are you okay?" Dean questioned, looking at the stressed look on Cas' face.
"How are you feeling about tomorrow?" Dean asked, pulling away from the kiss, still rubbing circles in Cas' hip.
"When did everyone decide to become my motivational speaker?" Dean retorted.
"Um, hey....guys," Dean hesitated.
"So, this is the house I'm staying at," Dean said, putting a hand on Cas' back.
A Couple of Days Later
"Hey guys," Cas greeted.
"You were hungry, sweetheart?" Dean asked.
"Fine." Cas pouted, pulling the covers over himself.
feel good.
"Yeah, I just moved here from London. Um, do you happen to know where room 218 is?"
"Can I...you know...meet her?" Dean hoped.
He made his way to the fountain in the center of campus. The water heaved different ways, making a intricate design.
"Hey, Cassie. What's up?" Gabriel asked in his upbeat mood he's always in.
"Thank you, Sam." The omega smiled a little.
"Wow," Cas said.
"Dean," Cas scolded.
"He's still a kid. Don't tease him about his crush," Cas chided.
((Good morning, my beautiful omega. I can't wait to see you at the alter. I'll be the very attractive alpha wearing a suit. I love you. I'll see you soon. - Dean))
"Love you," Claire mumbled out.
Once the coffee started, he heard the squeak of their bed and footsteps coming his way. Cas made a cup of coffee for Dean, just like he likes it, setting it down on the kitchen island.
"Yes, I'm, uh, I'm fine," Cas mumbled, too focused on the way Dean has his arm on him.
"You most certainly can," the alpha said, eyeing Cas hungrily. "My name's Zachariah. I live right below you."
"I don't care," the omega mumbled, shrugging one shoulder.
"Fuck," Dean groaned, feeling his boyfriend tighten around him. "Come on, baby. I want you to come for daddy."
"How did you know we were here?" Cas asked Gabe.
"Come on, Cas. They obviously know you have sex. I mean," Dean gestured to the omega's protruding stomach. "Duh."
"Fuck, we are definitely roleplaying in our costumes. I have to fuck you in that tight ass dress," the alpha proclaimed, grabbing the omega by the hips from behind.
A Few Months Later
"Calm down, Gabriel," Cas growled. "You treat me like a child. I'm not an infant anymore. I will be fine. Dean seems nice."
"Why does Dean have so many scratches on his back?" Gabe started, shuddering, knowing the answer. "Nevermind."
"Yeah, I'm good. I was just studying," Dean answered, holding up the packet he had in his locker.
"Yes," Cas said, his voice low.
Cas wiped his tears, hugging the card to his chest. He was so unbelieveably happy by Dean's words. He put the card back on the end table so he could start getting ready for school.
Cas laughed. "Maybe they will go away."
"I'm kidding," Dean laughed, hugging Cas. "Why don't we call it a night? I can give you a back massage then we can watch some Netflix before we fall asleep."
That did it. Dick scurried away, rushing outside. Cas sighed, fixing his shirt and blazer.
"Hi, Michael," Cas greeted.
"Sure. You can help cut some vegetables."
"Thank you, Sam," the omega said. He started smirking. "Are you hitting on me?"
"Just a student that goes to our college." Cas shrugged, trying not to give Charlie the impression of something more. "I've seen him around at school before. We were just talking."
"Meg, stop," Cas whispered at her.
"I was younger then," Dean defended. "I found the perfect omega. And that perfect omega gave me a perfect daughter. I couldn't be more sure of anything. I'm ready for this."
"Why hello, Castiel," Naomi said, surprised to see her son at the table. "I'm glad your home."
"I snuck past a couple of nurses," Dean admitted.
They were silent for a while just softly touching and kissing.
The Tuesday After Christmas
"Oh. A family home?" Cas hinted.
"Um, snap peas with nutella. Oh, and potato chips to put in my ice cream."
"What?" Cas sighed.
Just then, the bedroom door opened and Dean waltzed in, stopping when he saw the omega sitting on the floor.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas blushed, taking the flower and smelling it.
The omega turned and was about to run back up stairs, but paused when he heard Dean pleading, his voice wavering as he tried to hold back his tears.
"Dean, I love it," Cas told him, squeezing his boyfriend's hand. "I wouldn't change it for the world. It's beautiful."
"Yeah?"
"Good!" Gabe said, happily.
"What?" Dean sat up straight. "What is she saying? What did you say?"
"Hey, monkey!" Gabe exclaimed, kneeling down.
"I... I don't know. But, there's nothing we can do to change it."
The Winchester mother shook her head. "No. Not completely. I wasn't sure if you kept her. I didn't want to get my hopes up that I had a grandchild. I didn't want to think about never being able to see her."
"Oh. Really?" Gabe replied, sounding disappointed. "So you're spending Thanksgiving with Dean's family?"
It took about 45 minutes to get to the place Dean found. The omega was in awe seeing how beautiful the view was. The lights from downtown were viewable from the clearing. A few fireworks were going off early, shining in the sky.
The pregnant omega nodded, wiping his tear-stained cheeks. Dean brought Cas into a hug, kissing his forehead.
Cas swallowed, not taking his eyes off of Dean's member. Dean couldn't help but smirk, his eyebrow cocked.
Cas woke up from crying himself to sleep the night before. Although it was a school day, he couldn't go to school. He felt sick to his stomach and not from the pregnancy.
"I am," the young beta said, amused. "But I can read lips. It helps a lot for people who don't know sign language very well."
"No dress?" Dean wondered.
"Then I just won't leave the house," the omega retorted.
"Shut up, jerk," Sam bit out, his cheeks tinted pink in embarrassment.
"Tiring," Charlie said at the same time.
"Well, since it seems like you got your blood all over the vegetables," Dean joked. "I'm guessing we should do take out?"
"Fuck. Wait," Dean said after pulling away. "Did you take your birth control today?"
"It's not your fault," Cas shook his head.
Dean nodded, smiling. "I'll pick you up after school and we can meet Tessa to sign the papers."
"Hey, daddy?" Cas spoke, tearing his eyes away from his phone.
"I'll see you at lunch," Dean said, kissing Cas' forehead. "I love you."
"Castiel," the omega's dad snapped. "Get inside right this instant."
"If... If that's what you want," Cas stuttered.
"Just another 20 minutes," Castiel replied, looking at his daughter in the rearview mirror. "Are you excited to see your aunts and uncles?"
"The angel of Thursday," The alpha cut Cas off. Cas looked at him quizzically. He shook his head and chuckled. "My little brother, he, uh, he's into stuff like that. But I like it."
"Then I guess I'll see you tomorrow," Dean said smiling, patting Cas on the shoulder.
"I think this would look super sexy on you, baby," Dean finally said.
As soon as Cas grabbed Dean's face and pulled him down to kiss him, they started back up, the moment only ruined a little.
"You're so fucking gorgeous, you know that?" Dean breathed.
After getting out of bed, Dean started packing up the ice chest with food and drinks while Cas got dressed. Everything was packed. All Dean had to do was pack it in the impala. Cas walked out of the bedroom wearing jean shorts and a light pink pullover hoodie that said 'Daddy's Girl' on it.
Dean chuckled. "Um, I was wondering...If you would want to go to dinner with me tonight?"
The omega checked his outfit one last tine and turned to his best friend, showing off his khakis and dark blue button up with a light blue sweater.
"Don't do this, Dean," Cas said, trying to calm Dean down. "You'll get thrown in jail if you hit him. He's only 17."
Dean looked to where the voice came from. "Lisa?"
"Sweetheart, you have to do it. It's gonna be okay," Dean whispered to Cas, kissing his forehead. "You're gonna do great."
The couple came over at the perfect time when Mary and Ellen just finished putting all the food on the table.
He entered the room slowly, tapping on the open door with his knuckles to announce his presence. "Hello?"
"Hey, baby," Dean greeted, sitting next to him.
"When she cries, I'll be the first one to get her," Dean stated.
"Wow," Gadreel said, fascinated with Cas' story. "How many brothers and sisters do you have?"
"Just open it, funny guy," Dean retorted.
Sam befriended Cas almost immediately. They were the same age and pretty much just as smart.
"Finally," Cas sighed. "Where is my underwear?"
"Daddy?" A soft voice came from behind them.
"Uncle Gabe!" Claire squealed, running into Gabriel's arms.
The alpha pulled almost all the way out before slamming back into Cas, earning him a loud 'fuck' come from his husband's mouth. Dean continued a slow pace, not wanting to be quick.
"Baby, what are you doing?" Dean asks, worried about his boyfriend.
Once Dean started thrusting harder and faster, Cas finally felt relief wash over him, quickly being replaced by immense pleasure. Dean held Cas by the waist with one hand while the other ran through Cas' messy hair.
Dean sat by the windowsill, taking a drag from his cigarette, blowing the smoke out the open window. He bit at his fingernail, tapping the ashes in the ash tray next to him.
"I'm feeling a little better," Cas replied, rubbing his protruding stomach. "Thank you,"
Cas grabbed a beer from the fridge, setting it in front of Dean. He went to sit on the other side of the table as they both started digging into the food.
Once the alpha picked up the pace, Cas moaning and chanting Dean's name like it was the only word he knew. When Cas threw his head back, Dean couldn't help but kiss and lightly bite at Cas' neck.
Cas seems like he won't just give it away. He probably wants to be in a relationship before he does anything. Dean did like the Cas. He thought the Novak was gorgeous and insanely cute. But Dean was better being single than being with someone long term. Being a hunter doesn't let you get too close to anyone.
The Winchester grabbed the pink bear and handed it to Cas. It was the omega's turn to smile like an idiot.
"I need more, alpha."
Cas cut him off. "This is such a relief. I've been waiting for this to happen ever since we started dating. I'm so happy."
"Shit," Dean cursed. "You haven't called me that in a long time. If I could, I would fuck you again right now."
"When people say they're cool, aren't they not cool?" Dean added.
They arrived at the high school after a 15 minute drive. Dean parked in the school parking lot.
"That could be anybody," Gabe said.
"Are you sick? Any other symptoms?" The nurse questioned.
"Are you sure you're okay?"
"Well, come in," Mary insisted, grabbing one of Dean's bags.
Cas nodded. "Did you bring the chicken salad I made?"
"Yeah, of course. It was no problem at all," Dean replied, rubbing the back of his neck. "Would it be okay if I asked for your number?"
"I'd love to, but I should actually be leaving. My brother wants everyone home for a family meeting." Cas grabbed his backpack and binder from the living room. "Thank you for the snacks, Mrs. Winchester."
"I bought stuff to make lasagna," Dean replied, handing Cas a glass. "And more wine."
"Well, how about I pick up some burgers and a pint of ice cream?" Dean suggested.
"Maybe a little," Garth put in.
"How far along are you?" Cas asked Gilda.
"You like that, baby?" Dean breathed out, his fingertips digging into Cas' hips as he held him. "You like when I fuck you with my big alpha cock?"
"You're not in the right mindset right now," Dean said, taking a step back.
"Why?" Dean asked, sitting next to Cas.
"Her?" Dean asked, smiling a bit. "We had a girl?"
"Ready or not! Here I come!" Claire shouted.
"They had it coming. I'd rather stand up for myself and get beat up than them constantly mocking my family and me, just letting them get away with it," the beta boy explained.
The alpha shook his head, chuckling at his boyfriend. "We have the hotel for two days, baby. We can do it as much as you want."
Dean smirked. "I think I can do that."
Cas stroked the alpha's cock a few times and licked the slit, gathering precum on his tongue. He crawled back to capture Dean's lips, letting him taste himself.
Dean pulled him into a hug, both of them sobbing. "I'm so fucking sorry, Cas. I wish to God I could go back and do things over."
Besides, it's not like Dean would like him anyway. Cas just has to face reality.
The omega was pushed harder against the wall, his back rubbing up and down on it. Dean growled and thrusted harder, biting into Cas' shoulder. Cas tightens his grip on Dean's back, his nails scratching.
Cas fished his key out when they got to his room. He turned to face the alpha hesitantly. "I had a really nice time."
"Oh, hey, Cas," Sam replied.
"Fuck, Cas," Dean groaned, his hips still trying to trust as he finished coming.
Sam rolled his eyes playfully, sitting next to his brother. Cas sat next to Dean not too long after Sam joined.
"No, you talk to her now, Cas," Dean snapped.
"Oh my god. Really?" Cas asked.
"That's great," Cas replied. "Maybe we can still go ice skating tomorrow."
"Cas, I had no idea."
"You can't honestly believe her, right? She's a crazy bitch!" Cas raised his voice, starting to pace the floor.
"I'm doing a little better. My throat doesn't hurt anymore," Claire answered.
"Come on, Cas. Screw tradition."
"And did you tell her that?"
"I thought maybe we would have a fun Christmas eve," Cas hinted.
"I love you too."
Claire turned to face the TV, her back to them. Once she started counting, Cas picked Jack up and went to find a hiding space. They settled on the closet in the two year old's room. Dean decided to squeeze himself into the towel cabinet in Cas and his bathroom.
"I didn't think it was that big of a deal." Dean shrugged. "Besides, I forgot about your essay."
Dean looked at how happy Cas was. He mentally groaned knowing he would have to keep dealing with Cas' family, no matter how they acted towards him, as long as Cas was happy with his family. The Novaks may not want Dean, but they had to deal with him in order to keep the peace with Cas. Dean just hoped to God that Cas' family didn't try to manipulate Cas in any way.
"We need to leave before he catches his breath and finds me," Cas stated.
It was the last period of the day. Cas was jotting some notes down, listening to the teacher speak until Meg started lightly kicking Cas chair, trying to get his attention.
"Claire, let me talk to your dad privately. Okay? We won't be long," Gabriel told his niece.
"Gabe, since you're not doing anything, can you get Claire? She's starting to cry," Cas told his brother.
"Yeah. Meet at the fountain?" Cas asked.
"Hey, since both of the kids are asleep, do you maybe wanna..." Dean hinted, trailing off.
Cas and Dean got out of the shower and decided to lay in bed and watch a movie. It was Friday night and Cas didn't have to worry about school the next day, and since he finished working so hard on a couple of projects, he wanted to finally relax a bit with his fiancé.
The alpha chuckled, kissing Cas' temple. Cas leaned into Dean, taking bites of the pie in front of him.
Sam looked at Mary, then at Dean. "I've made a mistake."
"Don't even," Cas retorted, rolling his eyes. "I thought dating an older guy would've been easy and relaxing. Obviously, I need to get someone older and more mature," he joked, unbuttoning Dean's jeans.
They were off to Dean's apartment. They drove in comfortable silence, occasionally looking at one another, smiling. Cas' stomach was full of butterflies. He felt just like he did in high school when they went on their first date. A part of him did feel scared and guarded though. He still had the fear of Dean leaving again. Whatever comes of this date, the omega isn't going to fall too hard this time.
"It's my stupid hormones. I'm craving your alpha cock all the time," the omega whined, pouting.
"Fuck yes," the alpha breathed out, staring at his boyfriend's body. "I mean, yes, you do need an exam. Lay back on the bed."
"Don't tell dad," Cas automatically responded.
"Thank you," the omega said before continuing. "I've known Charlie since she moved in next door when we were about 5."
"Cas!" Dean called back, trying to get past the nurse.
"I got to take a leak, babe," Dean whispered, amused.
"She didn't take a nap today, did she?" Dean questioned, rubbing Claire's back.
"Dean," Cas chided.
Cas rolled his eyes playfully. "I guess I should take that as a compliment."
"Damnit, mom," Cas exclaimed, slamming his hand on the kitchen island. "I've had it with this shit. I'm so tired of you trying to break me and Dean up. I love him. I'm going to marry him whether you like it or not. He's the father of your grandchild. And he is going to be in our lives till the day one of us dies."
Dean started putting his hand inside the back of Cas' slacks, squeezing at the flesh. Cas moaned, pushing back. The omega started slicking from Dean's touches and his warm breath on his neck. Dean pressed his growing erection against Cas.
Cas watched Gadreel walk away. Wearing a dumb smile, he walked in his dorm room, noticing his Dean was already gone. He remembered Dean telling him that he was going to his parent's house for the weekend.
"I just wanted to talk," Cas mumbled, pushing his food around on his plate.
Dean hugged his fiancé back, kissing the top of his head. "You know, if we were mated, this wouldn't be happening."
The alpha helped Cas back into bed. "Speaking of your brother, he came over just before I left. Michael isn't too fond of our relationship."
When Dean left for navy training, Cas was finally able to get over Dean and date. But after seeing Dean today, with his even broader shoulders, tanned skin, and always beautiful jade green eyes, all those feelings came rushing in like a freight train.
"Sure," Cas bubbled.
"Shit," Dean cursed.
The six year old hugged her dad tightly. "It's gonna be okay, daddy. You'll always have me to make you feel better."
He hesitantly grabbed a pregnancy test and started walking to the register, but stopped short. He grabbed a box of condoms for safe measure.
"Uh, yes! It is crazy hot. I loved it."
"I'm pregnant," Cas breathed out like all the air was punched out of him.
"Tired and swollen and huge," Cas listed.
Once in his room, Dean pulled Cas close by the waist. He could already smell the nervousness coming from Cas.
"Bye, Sam." Cas hugged the younger Winchester.
"I need to see Charlie," he said out loud to himself.
The omega smiled up at his boyfriend. "Can I go to the mall with Meg tomorrow?"
"And his date of birth?" The omega continued questioning.
"We shouldn't have done this," Cas confessed. "We got intimate too fast. I....I promised myself I wouldn't fall too fast again. What am I even doing? I can't believe I just slept with you after just seeing each other again."
Dean chuckled. "Are you sure? You said you liked the last three."
The alpha walked back to the kitchen, Cas following. Dean finished the coffee that was in his mug, putting the dirty cup in the sink.
Dean didn't reply. He was skeptical of Cas' mom. Naomi seemed to be upset, but was forcing herself to be nice and smile.
The omega student nodded, returning to his journal of notes.
The Next Day
"I love how fast I can make you hard," Cas teased, looking up at Dean with a sly smile.
"Hey, Sammy." Dean smiled, ruffling his 13 year old brother's hair, walking in with his duffle bag in hand. "Where's mom and dad?"
The alpha sighed in relief. "Oh, thank god. Thank you so much, Tessa. You don't know how much this means to me."
Cas threw his head back, crying out in pleasure. "You, daddy!"
"Then I guess we'll need to start planning for the shower," Dean declared.
"I'm gonna go to the bathroom," Cas told Dean.
"Oh, like renting a cabin by the lake?"
Cas rushed inside the house, slamming the door behind him. He slid down to the floor with the door on his back.
Claire laughed. "Now you're all dirty."
Claire's face brightened as she ran off to her parent's room with Jack running after. Cas followed them and pretended to search the bedroom with the kids.
Once the ceremony was over, Cas met up with Dean and his family. He jumped up in Dean's arms, hugging him tightly.
They all sat around the living room while Chuck said a prayer. All the Novaks were used to all the prayers. Cas' family was very religious. Dean on the otherhand wasn't as much, but he still sat holding hands with Cas listening to his soon to be father-in-law.
"Cas," Dean started, sighing. "Stop crying."
Cas kissed him softly. "Thank you."
"Mhm. 'm fantastic," the omega slurred, smiling.
The omega smiled softly. "And I couldn't handle the idea of you not making it back home to us."
"What the-? What's going on?" Dean questioned.
Next period, Cas sat with Charlie and Garth at the big science table. They chatted about random stuff for a while before the bell rang to start class.
Dean sighed, shrugging. "I mean, I guess so."
The beta handed the nurse the ice pack. "Thanks again."
The pregnant omega waddled to the living room where his four older brothers and young brother and sister were, putting gifts on the floor. The two youngest hurried over to their omega brother, being sure to hug him gently.
"Holy fuck," Dean breathed out after pulling the duvet over them.
"I know," Cas whispered.
"Shut up or I'm telling mom you had Eileen stay over for Valentine's day," Dean quipped.
"Really? That'd be really nice."
Dean caught Alastair boxing in a freshman omega, trying to grope and intimidate him. That omega was very lucky that Dean was there. The Winchester pulled Alastair away, throwing him on the ground and started swinging.
"So," Cas spoke up, getting everyone's attention. "Dean and I got engaged." He held up his hand to show off his ring.
Dean stopped, chuckling. "You gonna stop being a brat?"
"Well, I thought about telling them during lunch. After we all sit down, we can make the announcement and you can show them your ring," Dean suggested.
"Dean, it might sound as easy as that, but the invitations have already been sent and people have rsvped. We can't just tell people that they're not invited anymore. Besides, my mom wouldn't let that happen."
"We can have fun at home," the alpha replied, rubbing his boyfriend's back.
The new alpha grabbed the collar of Dick's uniform and threw him on the floor. Cas watched as this new, not to mention cute, alpha helped him with Dick.
A few seconds after the alpha knocked on the wooden front door, it opened, his mom standing in front of him.
. I know he's going to break your heart again. I just feel it."
"Fortunately, no. Sammy didn't say anything." The alpha let out a sigh of relief, chewing in his piece of licorice. "It was your fault to begin with."
"You are not a loser, Dean," Cas reassured him. "My family just doesn't understand our relationship, but I promise you nothing will change between us. No matter how much my family intervenes."
"So, how are things going with your pup?" Gilda asks Cas.
"How was she?" Cas asked.
"You know what I mean," Gabe commented, touching Cas' stomach. "Have you seen a doctor yet?"
Cas gasped, kissing the pup's cheek. "Good job, Claire."
"You know, I thought I would be, but everything feels right," Dean admitted, smiling, thinking of his omega. "Cas is perfect. He's everything I could ask for in a mate. This is the first time I feel so sure about something."
"Oh, sure, that's gonna work out. Cas, I think he's going to start to notice you blowing up like a balloon."
"Please, Gabriel. Just let me do it my way. It's going to be fine."
"Sad?" Claire whimpered, touching Cas' cheek gently.
Cas smiled. "Well, this is a start."
"Mom," Cas exclaimed.
The couple said a quick goodbye to Sam and Eileen before rushing to the exit. They made their way to the impala.
"I figured it was okay," Gabriel shrugged. "You said I'm always welcome here."
Dean chuckled, finally taking his jeans off. "You don't have to apologize. I love the view."
When they finished eating, they noticed how late it was. There was one or two other people in the cafeteria besides them.
Cas started feeding Claire. "I'd love to, but there's still last minute things our moms need help doing for the wedding."
Cas licked a strip up Dean's shaft, gathering the salty precome on his tongue. His warm mouth covered the head of the alpha's penis, swirling his tongue underneath it, making Dean curse breathlessly.
"Sam, I'm joking." Cas put his hand on Sam's shoulder, chuckling. "I know you're trying to woo Amelia."
"Don't worry, sweetheart. I'm gonna be there with you. He wouldn't dare trying to do anything to you. I already beat the shit out of him that last time."
The Winchester walked back out, wearing loose sweatpants. "Benny wanted to go out to a bar tonight."
"Right," Cas muttered. "I gotta pee," he said, struggling but succeeding in getting up from the couch.
"You're an angel, Cas," Charlie sighed in relief, letting them in. "Gilda, they brought sustenance."
"Be careful. I love you," Dean called out as Cas was getting ready to leave.
Cas got up and hugged Michael. "I've missed you too. Just please try to give Dean and my relationship some kind of approval."
"Yeah," Dean sighed before looking at Cas, smiling a little. "Yeah. You're right."
Cas nodded. They all walked next door to the Winchester's. Dean helped Cas to sit in the dining room while he still cried. The alpha was going to go to the kitchen to get Cas a glass of water, when the omega stopped him.
"You've got to be fucking kidding me," Dean groaned.
"I guess I'll make breakfast for everyone," Cas sighed.
"I only want the affections of one alpha," the omega said, pushing Dick's arm away. "And you are not that alpha. You never will be."
"Are you going to pick me up too?" Cas asked.
The alpha liked the way Cas was looking at him. A mix between amazement, intimidation, and arousal. Then again, that could be the alcohol.
"The usual stuff. She wants me to move home with her and Ben and be a family. She wants to make a big family of our own."
Claire started throwing the puffs at Cas. "Papa!"
Just as Cas let out a sigh of relief, Dean walked in, carrying his camera around his neck. He stopped in his tracks when he saw Cas looking adorable in his outfit, his hair messy as if someone ran their fingers through it.
"Well, yeah, kinda. I was talking in general."
"Don't worry, sweetheart," Dean kissed him softly. "I'm gonna make you feel so good."
Gabriel noticed the couple walking in so he rushed to the little stage with the band and grabbed the microphone from the leader singer's mic stand.
"Well, since we've did it in my childhood bed. Why don't we do it in your childhood bed?" The alpha asked, wiggling his eyebrows.
"Shit," Cas said through gritted teeth. "Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck."
"Hey, handsome," Cas greeted, turning to face the alpha, seeing the flowers. "Are those for me?"
Everything was going great, until Ruby suggested strip poker. Cas wouldn't have minded too much if Alastair wasn't staring at him constantly. But on the other hand, he knew Dean wouldn't let anything happen to him.
As Dean struggled to put up the tent, Cas stood by, trying not to laugh. He was secretly filming the alpha to laugh at later.
Cas pointed to the menu. "Look, they have cheeseburgers."
Running his mouth down the length, Cas continued to worship Dean's cock, drawing long, deep moans from the alpha.
?" A sales lady asked.
Everyone followed suit, clinking their glasses together with people around them. Next, it was Gabriel's turn. Dean was already bracing himself for what the older Novak had to say. Gabe could be very blunt, not really having any sort of filter.
"I know mom came over and made her peace," Michael started. "So dad and her want to see you for Christmas. You can bring Dean, even if we don't particularly approve, but we'll make it work."
Cas cracked a small smile. "Good."
"Among other stuff," Gabriel hinted.
"Well, it's nice to see you home, Castiel," Michael sneered.
"Now, where were we?" Dean raised an eyebrow.
The omega nodded, rubbing his stomach. His eyes started tearing up. A sob escaped his throat.
The alpha continued his harsh thrusts, hitting the same bundle of nerves that made Cas moan like no one could hear.
Dean gave him a few dollars as tip before he left. Cas walked over to Dean and the cart, smiling.
"Gabe?"
"Actually, she just told me to come talk to you." Gadreel breathed a laugh. "I was the one that wanted to ask you out."
Cas opened his mouth to say something, but the lead singer of the wedding band cleared her throat to get everyone's attention after they finished their song.
"Michael?" Cas asked, confused. "Why would he come here? He doesn't approve of our relationship."
Dean went to the backyard with his dad to smoke while Cas walked to the living room to look at the tree. Sam was sitting on the couch, focused on his phone.
"I can't wait to sit on that when we get home. Love you, daddy. See you after school."
"Really?" Cas raised an eyebrow. "We really don't have couple friends."
After getting their snacks, they went to go sit in the theater. Usually the couple sits in the top row just in case either Cas or Dean gets a little too handsy.
The two of them walked to their first period together. The second Cas walked in behind Sam, the students that were already seated in class stopped talking and stared at Cas.
He practically pulled the door off its hinges as he opened the door. There stood his tall, younger brother, holding a drink carrier with three cups, with his fiancée, holding a bakery box, by his side. Dean smiled brightly.
"Yeah, I like you too," Dean shrugged.
"Aw, come on, Cassie. What's a bachelor's party without a stripper?" Gabe questioned.
"But-"
"Yes, alpha."
"Fuck, Cas," Dean moaned, his blunt finger nails digging into Cas' thighs. "Keep riding my cock, sweetheart. Just like that."
All of his siblings stayed silent, absorbing what Cas said. They looked around at each other and they all agreed.
"I'm about 4 months along," Cas told her.
"Really?" The Winchester said, raising an eyebrow. "Do you think you would want to come by after the game on Friday?"
"Daddy? Are you okay?" Claire asked, standing by the door.
"So, any signs of presenting?" Dean asked as he drove them to the store.
Cas was stunned. He got the courage to pick his books up and go sit at the empty seat. Cas was used to being called that, but he didn't expect it this early from bullies. He shook the word out of his head, focusing on his notes.
Once Cas pulled down Dean's underwear, the alpha's cock twitched in anticipation. Cas smelled the amazing scent of alpha musk. He never liked the smell of horny alphas, but Dean's was just enticing and perfect.
Cas grabbed Charlie's hand, smiling. Before he walked off, he grabbed Dean's hand, pulling him with the group to the dance floor.
Cas hit Dean's ass with the back of his hand as the omega walked past him to grab Claire's high chair. He set it up so Dean could strap her in. Cas grabbed a little bowl of organic apple sauce to start feeding the pup before they left.
"Are you sure? We can always find a better alpha for you," Chuck badgered.
"Hey, Sammy," Dean says, scooting over at the lunch table so his brother can sit.
Cas got up, wrapping his arms around the alpha's neck. "You had to say that twice? Dean, I'm not forcing you to say it. I just know that I love you."
"Hey, gorgeous," Dean greeted, holding out his hand. "Come here."
"I'm sorry." Dean kissed his forehead. "Just, please go talk to her."
"Congratulations little brother," Lucifer finally spoke.
"Great. Now, dig in," Naomi announced.
It was a particularly hot day and Cas decided to wear a long, flowy, sunflower sundress and put Claire in a matching one. Dean watched his fiancé walk in the kitchen with their daughter, admiring both of them.
"Another fucking alpha put his lips on you!" Dean yelled.
"Hey, buddy, you found me!" Dean exclaimed, picking his son up.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle at the couple, setting the food down on the coffee table. Cas and Dean sat on the love seat across from the couch Gilda was currently slouched on, dark circles under her eyes as well. Charlie went to get plates and glasses from the kitchen before returning to sit next to her mate.
"Of course," Cas answered. "Just let me finish putting the skates on."
"How about an oldie but goodie? Princess Bride?" Cas offered.
"Sorry," Dean replied, laying them on their sides.
"At the time, I thought we could," the beta lead singer of the wedding band said.
Dean was putting his helmet on, ready to play. The three friends shouted, cheering extra loud.
"That's my girl," Dean encouraged.
It hurt him knowing his parents didn't want to mend fences with both Cas and Dean. He felt like he didn't have a family like the one he's apart of now. He wished he could go over there and everything be fine again. He missed his family. He missed his brothers and sister. He knows his older brothers can be tough sometimes, but he knows that they love him.
Naomi sighed. "I'll see what I can do."
The omega chuckled. "Is that your way of picking someone up? You keep 'accidentally' running into them."
"Get your feet off the table. Your boots are going to ruin the finish," Cas commented.
"What are we going to paint the room since we decide not to know the gender?" Dean questioned.
"I'm just angry," the omega muttered. "I hate him so much. He's always coming on to me and touching me. Now, he knows I'm pregnant. He threatened to tell everyone if I didn't sleep with him. He's disgusting."
"I love you," Dean finally said, pulling Cas close to him.
"Don't even," Cas said, pushing Dean away. "How can you still be sexually attracted to me while I'm this big."
"Where are you going?" Cas sobbed, grabbing Dean's arm.
"Hi, daddy," Cas said, jumping into the older alpha's arms.
They arrived at a nice restaurant and were quickly seated across from each other in a booth. The restaurant was fairly new. Cas has been bugging Dean to try it out. The alpha was hesitant since it was supposed to be an organic, farm to table kind of hippy place.
"Fair enough," Cas snorted. "So, now that our daughter is fast asleep, where is my reprimanding I was supposed to get?"
"Well, I'm young. You're old," Cas joked.
"Cas?" A voice called out.
"You're amazing, alpha," Cas commented.
"Hi," Cas greeted. "You look really handsome."
Cas scoffed. "I'm not. She's just a jealous bitch."
"Dean," Cas whined, pushing his ass back.
Present Day
"I made pancakes for us and oatmeal for Claire," Dean said, putting a fresh stack on the middle of the table.
Cas started changing into his nurse's costume while Dean sat on the bed waiting in his doctor's outfit.
"I think it would be kind of hard to plan a wedding and plan for the pup coming."
Dean's mouth was wide open, dumbfounded. "You like me?"
After the shower, and changing into comfy lounge clothes, they started decorating the apartment. As Dean hung garland around the room, Cas put their new stockings on the shelf next to the tv.
Castiel Novak, along with his 6 siblings, moved into the house next to the Winchester's when they were younger. John and Mary tried to befriend the Novak parents, but Cas' alpha mother and father were always working and not too friendly.
The omega pouted before getting another. "Did your parents find out you went over for Sunday dinner hungover?"
"I want this, Dean. I want you," Cas says in a soft tone. "Fuck my dad. He can't control my sex life."
After first period, Dean and Cas started walking to their second period with help from Cas' map. Cas was kind of giddy that Dean wanted to go to their second period together.
"Hey," Dean greeted, sitting next to him.
"So, you and my brother are really having a pup?" Sam asked, taking a sip from his water.
"Oh, thanks babe," the alpha said, grabbing the beer from Cas' hand.
"You're so fucking beautiful," Dean commented.
Dean swatted his behind playfully. "You're a brat."
"Okay, okay," Dean butt in. "Let's leave my boyfriend alone."
"Harder, alpha," the omega moaned.
Gilda rolled her eyes. "Fine. I get it."
Dean shrugged. "Yeah, I guess, but do you actually believe she meant it? She seemed like she was being forced to apologized."
Cas hugged Dean back tightly, burying his face in the older Winchester's chest, smelling the leather, oak, and apples of Dean's scent. "Sam was the only one that knew about our relationship. I was afraid that my family would find out."
Dean laid down on top of Cas, making sure not to put all his weight on the omega, putting his head on Cas' shoulder, both of them trying to catch their breath. Cas started running his fingers through the back of Dean's short hair.
The omega smiled to himself as he walked back to his table of friends. He set the drinks down, sliding back into the booth next to Dean.
When they got to the den, Cas sat on the couch while Dean looked for a movie. Cas was nervous as hell. Maybe Gabriel was right. Maybe staying late to watch movies with a hot guy that's a huge flirt was a bad idea.
"God, I hope so," Dean sighed.
"Congrats, little brother," Michael laughed.
Dean sat over at the window, taking a drag from a newly lit cigarette. Cas sat in front of the older Winchester, pulling his legs to his chest, toying at the sweater he had on.
The omega hooked a finger in his boyfriend's jeans, pulling him closer. A woman close by cleared her throat loudly, breaking the couple apart. Cas looked over and saw a few people looking at them with grossed out faces.
"Oh, we're doing backstories," Dean said amusingly. "Okay, well, I could pretty much go to any college I wanted because of my athletic history. But I chose to go to the state university and stay close to home, but since I decided to go into photography instead of pursuing wrestling, I had to start paying out of pocket."
"I'm not going to hurt you," Dean reassured him. "We can take it slow and if you change your mind about this, at any point, I'll stop. Okay?"
Cas and their daughter helped Dean back up. They led him out of the rink to sit down.
Cas smiled, looking down shyly. "I never knew Dean looked at me like that. I just figured he thought of me as his younger brother's friend and next door neighbor." He looked up at Sam. "Thank you, Sam. I'm really glad we're friends."
"We didn't order these," Dean says.
"Let's go back to bed," Dean said after pulling away.
"Yet, you still got it," Cas whispered, putting his hand on Dean's thigh.
The next morning, Dean finished putting coffee in a thermos for himself while Cas put on his school uniform.
Cas arched his back, pushing his ass in the air, still sucking and licking Dean's cock. Dean guided Cas's head, tugging and pulling his dark hair, moaning encouragments.
The Winchester knew how to flirt. That was his specialty. He could talk any guy or girl into doing stuff with him. But with Cas, it was harder. Dean knew Cas liked him, and to be honest, Dean felt bad for stringing Cas along.
A knock on the front door interrupted the conversation. Sam got up to answer it.
Cas sighed, hugging Dean. "I'm sorry, alpha. Im just tired."
"I didn't think this was going to be as fancy as it is," Mary commented.
That was the moment Cas fell for Dean. He never imagined that gorgeous, popular, junior would ever look his way, but here he was standing in front of the wonderful alpha.
Dean huffed a laugh. "Good."
"Morning, baby," Dean replied. "You need to check this out. It's getting bad out there." He pointed to the tv, turning the volume up.
"When you start talking about being parents, it freaks me out too. How can I comfort you when I'm scared as well?" Charlie defended herself.
"You okay, sweetheart?" Dean asked, his voice soft and raspy, as he ran his fingers through the omega's hair.
"Hey, monkey, why don't you go bring your nail polish down here and you can paint your daddy's and my nails?" Gabriel quickly interrupted.
"Not yet," Dean said, moving up to the omega's lips. "We haven't even gotten to the best part."
"So are you, baby boy," Dean murmured against Cas' neck.
Cas nodded and smiled a little. "Yes. I still don't think he's your actual son, but if you want to meet him, I'm onboard."
Later that night, some of Cas' friends were coming over to their apartment for his bachelor's party while Dean went out with his coworkers for his. Gabriel set everything up while Cas took a shower.
"I'd love to, Dean," Cas said smiling. "Can we go get dinner after?"
Dean grabbed Cas' thighs to pick him up off the counter. Cas automatically wrapping his legs around Dean's waist. He took them to his bedroom, laying Cas on the bed gently. The alpha practically tore Cas' jeans off before discarding his own. He surged back to Cas' lips.
"Baby, you're 18. You don't have to do anything you don't want to. I'm taking care of you now." The alpha wrapped his arm around Cas' waist, resting his hand on the omega's stomach.
"You ready to pop some fireworks?"
"Not yet," Dean said, pressing the off button. "I wanna fuck you wearing this."
"How do you want me, daddy?" The omega asked, his leg up, foot still on Dean's chest.
"I know, Cas. I wish they would accept both you. Hael and Samandriel miss you. Even Michael, Lucifer, and Raphael miss you," Gabe consoled.
"These heels are surprisingly comfortable," Cas commented, looking down at his feet.
"Pretty special, yeah?" Cas chuckled.
The omega put the bin down, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "Fuck," he breathed out, holding his stomach.
"Nice ass, baby," he heard a stranger say before slapping his ass.
"You could always find another band," the beta challenged.
"Hands and knees, omega," Dean commanded, kneeling on the end of the bed.
Dean quickly let go. "Sorry. Sorry."
"You're so goddamn beautiful like this," Dean panted. "Presenting to me like the perfect omega."
"Of course, alpha," Cas answered. "I'm just going to hang out with a couple of my friends anyway. You should go have fun."
"I'm okay with you meeting your son," Cas mumbled in Dean's chest.
"Wait!" Cas exclaimed. "I wanna see the fireworks at midnight."
"What?" Cas asked, confused.
"Um," Cas looked up at Sam, feeling a little guilty. "One was from Roman and the other was from, uh, Mick."
"Yeah, I had to lock this beautiful omega down for myself," Dean added, grabbing Cas' ass, glaring at the other alpha.
The two roommates talked while they ate and got to know each other even better, which Dean loved. He liked learning more about Cas. He especially liked Cas' gummy smiles.
Cas cracked a smile and captured Dean's lip in a soft kiss. "I'm really glad. I didn't want to go through this alone."
"Fiancé actually. Why?" Dean asked, uncomfortable.
Cas blew out an exasperated breath. "For the last time, Dean, yes. Will you just fuck me already?"
Cas nodded. "I know."
"Hey, precious." Dean smiled, kissing Cas on the forehead.
"Naomi," Chuck chided. "Now is not the time."
Cas chuckled. "I'm fine, Gabe. I'm ready to marry Dean tomorrow."
"Fuck off," Cas snapped, trying to push past him.
The cafeteria was almost empty. Not a lot of people eat dinner at the school unless they're low on cash.
"Um, yes," Cas told him.
"So, what's he like in bed?" Meg joked.
Cas smiled. "Good. What happened to Alastair?"
"The cake was good, but I didn't care for the frosting," Dean replied.
Cas hit Dean's arm. "He didn't need to know that."
Since Meg was picked to be Cas' maid of honor, she's been helping him do everything to get ready for this day. She took her duty very seriously.
Dean raised his fist to punch Dick, but Cas ran up to his alpha, laying a small hand on Dean's chest.
"What did she say?" Cas questioned.
Naomi nodded, not looking at Dean. "Did you think about my offer, Castiel?"
"Did someone have a sexy dream?" Charlie, Anna's mate, joked.
"Hey," Dean greeted, smiling.
"I can smell it on you, sweetie," Mrs. Millie chuckled. "Don't worry. The first trimester is always the worst. I was throwing up all the time and so exhausted for no reason. So, how far along are you?"
Dean snorted. "Your stomach casts a shadow."
"Well, you remember the student council fundraiser that let people buy flowers for whoever they wanted for Valentine's Day?" Sam asked.
"I don't know. If she does, she doesn't want to bring it up I guess. The only reason I moved back was because dad died and I thought I could find Cas and apologize and win him back."
All Cas could do was nod and attempt a smile.
"So much for having this place to ourselves," Dean commented.
"I thought no sex," Dean muttered out as Cas was undressing him.
"I didn't get any," Dean argued, pouting.
"Dean!" Mary cut Sam off rushing to the front door, pulling Dean in to a big hug.
Cas gave a quick approval and the beta walked in. Gabe froze, looking his brother over. There was something different about him. The omega's eyes widened when he noticed Gabriel scanning and scenting the air.
"She was fussy for a while after Dean dropped her off," Mary said, tickling Claire's stomach. "but I gave her some toys and she calmed down."
"Um, so I wanted to thank everyone for coming," Dean started. "Cas and I are really glad you all were here to see us get married. I know this is going to be cheesy, but this has been one of the best days of my life."
"Rough," Cas breathed. "Always rough."
"You spoil us." Cas kissed the alpha.
"You're not serious."
"Th... Thanks. Jesus Christ," Dean groaned out when Cas deep throated as much of the alpha's cock he could swallow. "Okay, okay, okay. Cas, baby, if you keep this up I'm gonna come."
"Exhausting," Gilda said.
Half an hour later, Cas walked out of the bathroom naked. He walked to the bedroom to pull on a pair of green cotton panties and one of Dean's Led Zeppelin shirts before walking towards the kitchen. Cas was shocked to see how clean the kitchen was. Both pies he made were on the island, cooling off. The omega moved on to the living room where Dean was sitting with his boots resting on the coffee table and a beer in hand. Cas smiled, walking over to Dean and straddling his lap.
"Leave him alone," Cas growled. "I want to be alone with my fiancé."
"Other than teaching our daughter a new word, thanks for watching her," Dean told the Novak brothers.
"Leave you? Why would I leave you?"
"Another alpha kissed me," Cas muttered.
"Cas!" Gabe shouted through the bedroom door, knocking a few times. "Wake up. You need to get ready."
"I like Castiel," Gadreel said, grinning. "I hope I run into you again."
"Breath, sweetheart. Just keep breathing," Dean cooed, pressing a kiss to Cas' temple.
Once the couple arrived at the theater, they got their tickets and went to stand in line for the concession stand.
Dean got up abruptly, turning to look at Ben. "Hey, kiddo. It was nice meeting you. Maybe your mom will let me see you again. I got to go. I'll hopefully see you later."
"Really?" The omega arched an eyebrow. "I'm the same age as everybody there, yet you're fucking me on a daily basis. Do you really want to call them school kids?"
"You're out of your mind," Dean scoffed before starting to get up from the table to leave.
"Hey, Cassie?" One of the eldest Novak brother, Gabriel, shouted.
"You knocked him out?" Dean questioned.
Cas smiled. "I'm glad you think I'm taking good care of you."
Dean cut him off. "I do."
This chapter might be a little short. Sorry. But, I hope you guys like where this story is going. I enjoy writing this story the most, so I just hope it's good for you guys. If anyone has any ideas or want to put their two cents in, just message me. It will help me a lot.
"Quite a mouth on that one," Crowley spoke up in his annoying accent.
Dean pulled his younger brother into a hug. "Thank you, Sammy."
"Excuse us," Naomi said as Chuck and her stood up to leave to the kitchen.
"You never would good at shopping," the beta joked, trying to keep the conversation going.
((IT'S THE DAY! - Meg))
Mary walked in the room holding Claire. "Oh, Dean. You look so handsome."
"I'm sorry," the alpha whined. "I'm trying to quite for you and the pup, but it's so hard."
The omega saw his brothers smirking. "Just games?"
The couple arrived back at the empty Winchester house. As soon as Cas walked in, he ran upstairs to Dean's room, taking his school blazer off in frustration. He sat on the bed with a big sigh.
"Cas-"
"Naomi, let's not talk about this right now. It's not the time and place," Chuck put in.
Naomi kneeled down in front of the stroller. "Hi there Claire. You miss grandma?"
"I don't know," Lisa shrugged, looking down. "I'd rather have you come back home with us. We can be a happy family. We'll have a house and we'll have more kids running around and I'll make you forget about that teenage whore." She put her hand on Dean's leg, rubbing up and down.
"Thank you," Cas replied, embarrassed by the attention.
"Good job, baby boy," the alpha commended.
Dean's knot caught on the younger boy's sensitive rim, spilling his come inside the ass of his boyfriend.
"God, you're gorgeous like this," Dean groaned. "I wish I could fuck you full of pups again."
"You did wrestling in high school?" Cas asked, trying not to laugh.
"Bobby told me to give this to you. He said it's for the nerves," Sam explained.
"I'm joking, babe," the Winchester chuckled, wrapping his arms around his boyfriend to pull him closer.
"Oh, god," Cas cried, fingers digging into Dean's back. "Yes, Dean."
"Can you fuck me hard on our new bed?" The omega asked with the most soft, monotone voice.
"When did you become a motivational speaker?" Dean chuckled.
Dean kissed and licked at Cas' neck where his mating mark would go. That alone made Cas submit and whimper. The omega in Cas wanted, begged, for Dean to bite him, but Dean knew Cas wanted to wait till they are married. The alpha just kissed his way up to Cas' lips, kissing him softly.
"Oh my God, Cas." She whispered. She got up and hugged Cas tightly. "I'm so sorry."
"I'm actually feeling really great," Cas responded. "Other than the back pain and the fatigue, I'm good."
"Hello," Cas said, answering his phone.
After everyone had a plate of food, they started making conversation.
Cas' phone started ringing. He got up from the couch and walked to the hallway to answer it.
"Okay. Bye, Cassie," Gabe said before hanging up.
"Dean, do you take Castiel to be-"
"Hey, baby. Are you okay?" Dean asked.
"I'm so sorry, Cas," Dean finally spoke. "I didn't mean to be that harsh. I almost made you cry. I'm so fucking sorry. I shouldn't have had you hold in your orgasm for that long."
Taking pity on the omega, Dean started thrusting shallowly, just enough to start pleasuring Cas. Little gasps of breath fell out of Cas' mouth as Dean slowly fucked him.
"Of course," Cas said, rolling his eyes playfully. "You want her to be just like you."
The Next Morning
Charlie, Benny, and Garth were new friends of Dean and Cas. Dean met Benny when he got on the football team and he met Charlie in 5th period. Garth found out Cas was new to the school and they quickly became friends.
"I know. I can't wait to meet her," Dean said, rubbing at Cas' stomach. "I was thinking we should take a little vacation before the pup comes."
"They're Cassie's presents. He's the one that gets to open them," Gabe told them.
Dean hated seeing Cas in so much pain. The alpha in him was telling him to comfort his omega and to take the pain away. He did everything to soothe Cas, whispering encouragements, telling him how much Dean loves him, talking him through the pain to keep him distracted.
Cas had three older, very protective, brothers, Michael, Lucifer, and Gabriel. Michael and Lucifer were working for their father's publishing company. They always seem to butt heads in every decision that was made. Gabriel, on the other hand, was finishing his final year in college and was doing everything he could not to be sucked into the company.
"This is not your fault," Dean argued, wiping the tears from Cas' cheek. "Anyone in your situation would have been frozen in fear, but that doesn't mean it's your fault."
"Always," Dean smirked before pressing his lips back to Cas'.
The alpha sighed. "I'm just a little scared. And not that I don't want you or our pup, it's just, I'm afraid I'm going to scew this up."
"Dean," Cas whined. "Please."
The omega moaned loud, clenching Dean's fingers. "N..no.. Just a fake knot.."
"You better tell me if he tries to lay one finger on you," Gabe demanded.
Only Cas and Ruby downed their shots.
Once the couple relaxed for a little while, and Cas modeled some of his lingerie, they took a hot shower together and got ready to go to Dean's parent's house.
Cas obeyed, getting up from the bed to follow Dean to the bathroom where a bubble bath was waiting.
"How many times do I have to tell you, you need to stop getting into fights with those boys. It's not worth getting beaten up," the nurse told the beta, blotting the wound around his eye with a cotton ball soaked in something.
Cas and Dean burst out laughing.
After what seemed like forever, a video was sent to Dean. The alpha waited till he didn't hear any noise in the restroom before playing the video. Cas was seen pushing the plug in and out of his hole. A very soft moan was heard. The sound of talking, the water faucet, and footsteps from the high school restroom drowned out Cas in the video.
"Like I said, I won't hurt you," Dean repeated, noticing Cas looking at his crotch. "I'll make sure to prep you enough. Just tell me if something hurts or you're not comfortable. I'll back off immediately."
Naomi and Chuck sat across from Dean in the waiting room. Dean ran a hand down his face, sighing, his mind running a million miles an hour.
Taken aback from the question, Cas coughed and threw up in the garbage can. "How did you know?" He asked, his face still in the bin.
"Nonsense. There can never be too many penises," Gabe joked.
The burn of acid hit the back of Cas' throat. He was going to be sick. He pushed open a stall door, collapsing in front of the toilet. He gagged for a minute or two, but ultimately didn't throw up. That's when the tears started. He moved away from the toilet and sat with his back to the wall. He hugged his knees and started sobbing.
"Okay, what's my job?" Dean asked, rubbing his hands together.
"I'm very excited," Gabriel answered. "I'm happy for my baby brother. I think he'll be a wonderful parent."
"Dada!" Claire exclaimed.
"Suck," Dick demanded.
Dean walked over to his boyfriend and the beta. "Good morning, Ms. Mosley."
"This isn't as bad as you thought, right?" Cas asked, looking up at Dean.
"Ooh. Where are you two going for your honeymoon?" Kevin questioned.
"So, babe," Dean started, grabbing Cas by the hips from behind. "are you sure you're gonna be okay with me going out with the guys after work?"
The Following Sunday
"Three. We have some time before we have to leave," Cas answered, taking another bite from the muffin.
"I want to have
Cas slumped into Dean's arms, hugging him back. "I love you."
"It's okay, sweetheart," Dean cooed, squeezing the omega's hand. "Tell me what happened."
"Go on."
"I'm sorry, but you are talking about this Dean, right?" Sam asked, astonished at his brother's action.
Once the omega collected himself, he got undressed, pulling on Dean's black hoodie and getting back in bed. He decided to turn the TV on to Animal Planet, watching the different kittens run around.
"I think that's enough ice skating for the.....year," Dean joked, still in pain.
The alpha carded his hand through Cas' hair, tugging at it to pull the young omega off. Cas popped off Dean's cock with a lewd 'pop'.
"Well, yeah. Do you not think so?"
"Uh, hey you guys," Mick greeted, clearing his throat.
Later that night, Dean put Claire down for the night before washing the dishes from dinner. Cas walked over, fresh out of the shower, and wrapped his arms around Dean from behind, laying his head on the alpha's back.
"Yes, Anna, with jeans. It's a new trend," Cas retorted. "Claire, honey, can you go get all your stuff ready to take a bath? I'll be up in a sec."
"Nothing," Cas quickly replied, hugging Dean, looking up at him with innocent eyes.
"But being a brat is my specialty," Cas joked.
"Yes, daddy," Cas said, rolling his eyes.
"You're right. We'll need as much relaxation as we can get before the pup comes," Cas pointed out.
Cas glared daggers at Dean. "You did this to me!"
"No. Of course not," Dean answered, sighing. "Why don't I drive you home?"
"Really?" Dean asked, sighing with relief. "Oh my god. That was an amazing round of sex and I felt like shit feeling that way because I almost made you cry."
After the two brothers were ready, they drove to school, which looked almost deserted at the time they came. They walked over to the counselor's office to get their schedules.
Dean laughed, earning him a glare from his fiancé.
"I love you too. I'm sorry I got a little hysterical. I was just afraid of losing you."
Cas was tending to Claire while Gabriel made lunch for them. He was just about to call for them to come down and eat when someone knocked on the door. He went to go answer it, figuring it was Anna and her mate, Michael and his mate, or Lucifer.
Cas kissed Dean's cheek. "Bye, Dean."
Cas sighed, pushing Dean's hand away. "Anyway, don't you have to go to work now, Dean?"
"That's good," Mary affirmed. "Are you feeling excited?"
"Hi," Cas greeted. "Can I help you?"
Once everything was packed into the impala, they took off on the road, but before they got too far, they stopped to get breakfast at Cas' favorite diner. Afterwards they were back on the road to the camping site.
"Yay," Cas cheered.
Once the couple finished the shower, Dean pulled on his boxer briefs and wrapped Cas in the fluffy towel he loves.
"Come here, sweetheart," Dean said patting the bed.
"No, Dean. Humor me. Why would he even give you another chance after that shitty move?"
"Shut up, you dork," Cas laughed, shoving Dean playfully.
A knock on the door interrupted them. Gabe breathed a sigh of relief and went to answer the door. There was whispering coming from the front door, making Cas curious.
"Holy shit," Dean breathed out, seeing the lithe omega in lacy, pale blue panties hanging off his sharp hip bones. "Damn, you're so beautiful."
Claire swung open the closet door to find Cas standing there, holding Jack in his arms.
"Now, let's get drunk and party!" Dean exclaimed into the mic Cas was still holding.
"Just like this, sweetheart," Dean said, kissing his way up Cas' body, until he got to his boyfriend's lips.
"with the pledge to love you today, tomorrow, always and forever," Cas repeated, his voice breaking with a sob.
"I said no, Dean. It's not gonna happen. I will tell them myself," the omega said, getting up from the bed to grab one of Dean's t-shirts, pulling it on. "Now, how are we going to tell your parents?"
"For making me come out and relax," Cas answered.
"I 'forgot' to find him so he was hiding for hours." Dean replied. "You know, older brother stuff."
"First off, he's not my alpha," Cas growled. "Second, if I end up being pregnant, I don't want Dean to find out. He might freak out and want me to leave."
"Oh my god," Cas breathed. "So big, alpha."
"Please tell me you guys are cool," Charlie pleaded.
"You know what? Fine," Cas huffed, forfeiting the fight.
"Now?" Cas asked, shocked. "Are you crazy?"
Dean pulled away after a few seconds. "I'm sorry, Cas. I should've known that you weren't like other omegas. That's the main reason I fell in love with you."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mmm," Cas groaned. He turned to look at the clock to see the time. "Dean, it's 7 in the morning. Why are you waking me up so early?"
"Oh my god, Dean," Cas said, turning to look at the alpha. "This is beautiful. When did you do this?"
The omega walked up to Dean, hugging his side. "I can't believe this is our first Christmas together."
"Um," Cas stuttered, not knowing what to say.
Cas turned on his side, grabbing for Dean, but the alpha's side of the bed was cold. He sat up, rubbing his eyes before padding to the kitchen, finding a post-it note.
"I don't know if I can make a good life for us. What if I cant pay rent and we end up on the streets? What if I don't make a good dad? What if I don't make a good mate for you?"
"Yeah. Mom, Eileen, you, Cassie, and me."
"I wish the principal would do more with that group of trouble makers," the nurse muttered, shaking her head. "Okay, you're all done. Just hold this ice pack to your eye."
All three of them started towards the room, but the doctor stopped them in their tracks.
"How are you feeling?" Dean asked, caressing the omega's face.
"Dean, calm down," Cas said softly, grabbing one of Dean's hands that were clutching the arm rests.
When the movie was almost over, Dean decided to make his move.
Throughout dinner, Dean noticed Cas looking at the couples dancing, smiling at the happy partners. When they finished their dinner, he stood up and held out his hand for Cas.
"I keep in contact with my conquests. Well, some of them. I mean, I'm a nice guy." Balthazar looked back and forth from Cas and Charlie for approval.
"I, uh, got the whole evening planned for us. If you still want to go out, that is."
The alpha chuckled at his fiancé, rubbing his back. He checked his watch, noticing how late it was.
Giving the omega what he wants, Dean picked up his pace a little more, angling his hips to thrust into Cas' prostate over and over. Cas started moaning and cursing as his orgasm built up. He cradled the back of Dean's head with one hand. Dean continued whispering sweet nothings in Cas' ear.
"You're different," Dean answered. "These older omegas are all the same. They just want to party and drink like they're adults. Or they just want a knot. But, not you. There's something about, Castiel. You're a cute, nerdy, shy, sweet omega."
"Yikes. What happened to you?" Dean blurted.
Dean smiled and kissed Cas softly. "Thank you, baby."
"It is. You have the entire week to fuck me senseless," Cas spoke, smirking up at him.
"Get over yourself, Richard. We dated for a month 3 years ago. You were too narcissistic for me," Cas spat in disgust.
Dean sat next to the omega, letting out a sigh. "It'll be okay, baby. All we have to do is go in, pack everything and get out of there."
"Dean, I'm sorry."
"She's fine, babe. My mom is taking good care of her. We'll see her bright and early tomorrow morning. Okay?"
Dean didn't feel anything. His sighed, sad that he still hasn't been able to feel their pup move.
"Mom?" The pregnant omega questioned. "What the hell are you doing here?"
The beta stared at him in disbelief, knowing where he was going with it. "No."
"Dean, you're breathing down my neck and its really irritating," Cas whispered, trying not to wake Claire up.
"We'll keep them busy," Dean said. "We don't get to spend a lot of time with them with both of us working. It'll give us a chance to play with them. I'm sure they'll love it."
"Hi, Sam," Cas greeted.
Cas made his way to the kitchen to grab a glass of water. Dean saw that Cas was standing by the kitchen island, so he stood behind the pregnant omega, wrapping his arms around him. The alpha started kissing his boyfriend's neck, rubbing his hands up and down Cas' sides.
Cas smiled as he looked at his ring. "I like that idea."
As great as it felt, Cas needed more. He pushed back onto Dean's cock, trying to get him to quicken his pace. Taking the hint, the alpha did what Cas wanted. His thrusts became faster, but not enough to get them off too quick.
Naomi, the Novak's mother, walked in, holding a large bowl of salad with serving tongs.
"Good, good," Mrs. Novak said. "A lot of my clients and coworkers will be happy to hear."
Dean smirked, knowingly. "Yeah. I mean, I was at least hoping for that."
Cas looked around at his friends and brother before giving a firm nod. "More than ready."
"Cas, I put the ornament you bought us on the tree. Go look," Mary told him.
The omega held Dean's face, kissing back fiercely. Dean pulled Cas' underwear off before shedding himself of his own. Pulling away from the kiss, the alpha moved his hand down to Cas' slick, waiting hole, pushing a finger in.
"Hey, I was the best," the alpha said defensively. "I never lost."
"I'm so sorry, Dean," Mary wept. "I should've stopped you. I should've done something to stop him."
"Are you sure this is what you want?"
"It will," Cas insisted. "Besides, as long as I get to marry my alpha, I don't care how the wedding turns out."
On the phone there was a picture of a black bodycon, mini dress with sheer, long sleeves with small flowers. The male omega that was wearing it looked sexy. He was imagining Cas wearing it, smiling at the thought.
"Okay. I'm sorry," Dean muttered.
Cas groaned, walking to the closet to get the other pair. He put them on, feeling defeated. Dean chuckled at the omega's attitude.
"You're new here, right?" Cas asked, deciding to break the silence. "This is a small college. I pretty much know almost everyone here. I've never seen you."
"Panties? No," Dean scoffed.
"Not yet, omega!" Dean gritted out.
"Hey, guys," Cas greeted.
"Me too," Sam agreed. "I just still can't figure out what you see in my brother."
Dick's crotch pushed forward into Cas' ass. "Come on, Cas. I know you want me still."
"The water actually feels good," Cas said, moving to float on his back.
"Only two at a time," the doctor commanded, looking at Chuck and Naomi. "Are you two his parents?"
"Here come the newlyweds, The Sexies."
"Really? Are you sure?" Cas questioned, giddy.
The omega got up from the couch, smiling at Dean. "Hello, Dean."
"Thank you," Cas breathed a sigh of relief, his body relaxing. "God, I hate you so much right now."
Cas sat on the couch, running a hand through his unruly hair. The alpha sat next to him, smelling the distress on Cas. He put his hand on the omega's shoulder softly.
Cas let out a long breath, flopping down on his bed. He grabbed his cell phone and texted Gabriel that he was settled in and fine.
Dean sat next to him, holding him close. "I won't. I promise."
"What?" Dean acted defensive.
A Couple of Days Later
Samandriel joined Hannah in hugging Cas. The omega was happy to see his younger siblings. He hasn't seen any of his family since he moved in with Dean. Gabriel was the only one that called or texted Cas to see how he was feeling.
Cas sat up, looking at Dean. "You want to go back into the army?"
Dean moved behind Cas to reach for a bowl on the top shelf. The breath caught in Cas' throat, feeling Dean's warm body pressed up against his. All of his thoughts went to unclean things. It wasn't until Cas felt something that he snapped to reality.
"What are you smiling about, sexy?" Dean asked, walking in.
"Then do it," Cas demanded.
"I don't know. I just want to meet him," Dean replied.
"Of course," Mary answered. "It's just sitting out there anyway. Might as well give it to you."
Sorry if this chapter is a little on the short side. I just wanted to get the next chapter out.
Castiel hugged Charlie when they reached her dorm room.
"What do you need, Cas?" Dean asked, kissing the bite mark on Cas' neck.
"Maybe you'd rather have a family with Lisa. Maybe you want someone closer to your own age. What happens if she seduces you and you fall for it?"
Cas nodded, getting up from the couch. Dean helped the pregnant omega into his jacket before putting his own on.
As Dean reached his car, he heard his name being called. He turned around to see Cas' older alpha brother, Michael, walking up the driveway.
Dean watched Cas walk away. Did he upset Cas? What did he say to get Cas upset? Maybe it was about having another kid. Cas always dismissed the subject when Dean talked about it. The omega did say he wanted to give Dean a big family. Maybe he's just really not ready to talk about it.
"Thanks, Sammy." Dean ruffled Sam's hair. "I think we should start heading home. You're coming, right, Cas?"
Cas smiled. "Oh, hello, Dean."
"Yeah, you're telling me," Cas affirmed, running a hand through his messy hair. "I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I'm scared, Dean. What if he hurts the pup too?"
"Sure, baby boy. Just don't forget. We're leaving tomorrow evening," the alpha answered.
"That sounds pretty good," Dean responded. "Is this a family friendly dinner or is it just for us?"
"I'm heating up her bottle. She's been a little fussy," Cas answered.
Dean kissed the omega softly, before getting up from the bed. Cas whined, reaching for the alpha to come back.
"Seems like you're pretty organized," Dean points out.
Once he changed, and had a heart-to-heart conversation with Gabriel, Cas drove to Dean's apartment. He walked up to the door and knocked. Dean opened the door with a bright, charming smile.
"I think you're more excited for all the candy Uncle Gabe sneaks you," Cas chuckled.
"Two more months," Sam started. "Are you nervous?"
"Help him, goddamnit!" Dean growled.
Cas agreed and the couple went back to their bed, laying down. The omega had his head on Dean's chest, feeling the warmth radiating off of the alpha's skin.
"We're having a girl!" Cas exclaimed, tears clouding his vision, almost jumping in Dean's arms.
"We can get something at the cafeteria." Cas shrugged.
A little while later, Mary gave Dean a list of ingredients she would need from the store. Dean happily took the list and drove off to the store. He needed to get out of there. Seeing how in love Sam and Eileen are is bringing back old memories that he does not want to think about. But don't get it wrong. He was extremely happy and proud of his little brother, despite the teasing.
"Oh, trust me, I got tortured. My brother, Gabriel, always played tricks on me. In my middle school picture, you can see the bald spot where my mom cut gum out of my hair." Cas shook his head, drinking from his glass.
The alpha rolled them over and literally tore Cas' panties off then took his underwear off and threw it behind him. He pushed Cas' legs apart so they were spread out. He started to kiss Cas' legs, making his way up to his cock. He dove down to get a taste of Cas' slick covered hole, pulling a gasp then a moan from the omega. Dean moaned at how amazing Cas tasted. He began to work Cas open, using his fingers and tongue, turning Cas into a moaning mess.
"Now you do," Cas said, kissing Dean.
"Aw, sweetie," Mary said. "Don't worry. It takes a lot of practice to make a perfect pie."
The couple stayed on the couch, Cas cuddled up against Dean, with the blanket over them. They sat there watching Christmas movies until Cas' stomach started to growl.
"It's Tessa," the alpha said, staring at the phone in his hand.
"Oh, look," Cas announced, pulling away from the kiss, pointing towards one of the couches. "Those are my friends."
"Nice to meet you, Dean." Cas smiled. "I'm sorry I picked my side of the room already. I didn't think I would get a roommate. I never got one the past two years."
"What about the kids? They're not gonna want to stay inside all day for who knows how long."
"Cas," Gabriel groaned. "I don't want you to go through the same heartbreak. And its going to be worse if you drag Claire into this."
"I love you," Dean told Cas, kissing the omega.
"Well, then I'll definitely go. I want people to know that pup is mine," Dean said sternly.
Sam and Eileen looked at each other, confused.
"I can do all the work while you just lay there." The pregnant omega pouted, giving Dean puppy dog eyes. "Please."
"Well, there is one thing we haven't done in a while," Dean hinted.
Cas hugs Dean, his head on the alpha's chest. "Thank you, Dean."
Cas started slicking more in anticipation. Dean slowly dipped down to get a taste of Cas' slick. The omega gasped at the feeling.
"Listen, Dean, you're a nice guy, but you're almost ten years older than Cas, and I can't condone this relationship. He's still in high school. You're training in the military. It's not right to me," Michael explained, his voice laced with anger.
Dean walked in, sliding the door closed behind. "So, good news, bad news."
Christmas Morning
Cas hummed contently, completely blissful. "I'm perfect."
The moan that came from Cas egged Dean on, adding a second finger. The omega arched off the bed, pushing back on Dean's fingers.
"Don't mention it," Gabe said, throwing himself on the couch next to Cas.
She walked in, putting the small box of things she had in her hands down to hug her friend.
"Shit," Dean cursed. "Is she okay? I didn't mean to hit the bump. Please tell me she's okay."
"Fine. You're no fun," Gabe scoffed.
Dean was able to catch up with him, grabbing his arm to stop him from running off again. Cas fought against him, trying to pull his arm away.
"I doubt it," he muttered.
"I'm just as surprised as you are," Cas snorted.
"I was ashamed," Cas said, shrugging. "I couldn't tell anyone. It was so hard for me."
Once John announced that the steaks were done, they all sat around and enjoyed dinner and talked.
Cas walked to his room, answering the call. "Hello?"
The alpha sat next to his boyfriend, caressing his hair while the omega sipped on the ginger ale.
The beta looked at her tablet, looking for the reservation. "
"Good," Cas said, smiling. "Oh, look! This will be perfect!" He grabbed a nurse costume that had an omega women on the front, the dress tight and short on her.
"18," Dean responded, rolling his eyes. "When can I see him? I need to know he's okay."
Cas laughed, his eyes crinkling. "You're so weird."
"So perfect," Dean breathed, looking up at the omega, hands gripping Cas' thick thighs.
"Come back to bed." The omega kissed the alpha's cheek.
"I know, but that doesn't seem good. At the baby classes, they said there should be no more morning sickness. I'm just worried if something wrong with the pup," Dean fretted.
"Yeah. Almost 7 months, actually," the beta said, smiling at her stomach.
Dean started a shallow thrust, holding on to Cas' sharp hips. The omega started bouncing on Dean's lap, leaning his head back in complete ecstacy.
"It's almost midnight. I just want to lay and watch the fireworks," Cas whined.
Dean got out of the car and went around to help Cas out. He held the omega's hand as Cas led them inside the school to his locker. Other students watched as this older guy held hands with a high school student as they walked the halls.
Cas nodded, walking back upstairs to Dean's room. He closed the door behind him, taking his sweatpants off, and laying back on the bed. He ran his hand across his stomach, smiling to himself.
"Damn. Maybe I should get myself a twink," Benny joked.
Cas climbed on top of his alpha. Dean stared up at the beautiful omega he calls his own. He reached a hand around, squeezing one of Cas' buttcheeks. His finger started to slowly circle the tight, wet rim of his boyfriend.
"No," Cas snapped, eyes watering. "He made his choice. He doesn't get to know her. I will never let that happen."
"What seems to be the matter, hun?" She asked.
"Hell yeah. With fishnet stockings," Dean said, imagining Cas in the costume. "Fuck, you need to get that."
Cas bit back his smile. "I apologize. I didn't mean to embarrass you."
"I'm not afraid of flying," Dean defended.
"You're beautiful," Dean whispered out, pulling him in for a kiss.
"Nice to meet you," Cas greeted, putting his hand out.
"She did?" Cas asked, his cheeks tinting red in embarrassment knowing his friend is pretty much pimping him out.
Cas watched Dean walk out, only to see him walk right back in holding a bottle of ginger ale and a box of crackers.
He was going out as a college junior. He didn't know what to expect. Was Gadreel going to want to go further than just dinner tonight? Was it expected to put out on a first date?
"You guys...," Cas trailed off, tears spilling freely.
"Gladly," Cas said, getting up, walking to the door, grabbing his coat and keys before walking out. He could still hear the commotion in the house.
Cas just nodded, following the Brit. The omega's head was spinning. Why the fuck didn't he tell Mick anything? Why wasnt his mouth working? Why can't he use his words?
Cas and Dean got up too, and followed Naomi to the front door. Naomi turned around to hug Cas tightly. Cas smiled and hugged her back, forgetting what she did to him. She pulled away and looked up at Dean, putting her hand out to shake Dean's hand. The alpha shook her hand, not really surprised that she didn't want to hug him.
"He cursed in front of her," Michael finished.
"Oh, you didn't know? I got certified years ago," Charlie joked, patting the alpha's shoulder. "See ya, Dean."
"Yeah, well, I thought that rule was lifted for the game."
Cas barely made it to the front lawn of the house before his legs gave out. He started sobbing, hugging himself.
Even if Cas was going out with Gadreel, he still couldn't think of another omega or beta being with Dean. Cas knew it was going to happen. He can't stop Dean from living his life.
"I'm sorry," Dean apologized, squeezing Cas' hand. "Hey, why don't you give me hints about the stuff you bought," he changed the subject.
"How's Luke?" Cas asked.
Cas relaxed into Dean's warm body, smelling that familiar scent he's grown accustom to; leather, apples, and pine with the hint of cigarettes. "I love you too."
Dean held her in his arms, looking at her beautiful features. She had Dean's blonde hair, his lips, and his freakles. The alpha held her close, trying to scent her and for her to scent him. Their newborn opened her eyes, revealing big, round, bright blue eyes.
"Not at the moment," the nurse answered. "They're still running tests. A doctor will come out and tell you the news when they're ready."
"Yeah, but I hate that you're in distress."
"What a dick," Dean added, looking back to see if he could find that guy.
The alpha looked down at Lisa's stomach. He didn't even noticed her enlarged belly. "Oh, wow. You're pregnant."
Cas nodded. "Yeah. Maybe I should stop asking you to buy me things."
As much as he wanted to keep the night slow and sensual, Dean couldn't help but start to thrust faster and harder. Cas felt even better now that Dean was fucking him like he wanted. Dean moaned out a "fuck," when Cas tightened around his cock.
"Um, my trig teacher told me to come here to rest. I kinda threw up in a trash can," the omega explained, rubbing the back of his neck.
A waiter walked over, smiling. "Hello. I'll be your waiter for this evening. Can I start you off with something to drink?"
"I'm not old," Dean stated.
Dean looked at Cas. "Babe, we don't have to do this. I'll be fine with cake."
Cas sighed contently, petting the back of Dean's head. "Yes, alpha."
"Jack," Cas scolded playfully.
"Really?" Cas asked, surprised. "God, I haven't popped fireworks in probably 6 years."
"Hmm?"
Friday Afternoon
"No," Cas replied, looking down.
"Dean, you don't have to pretend not to want to go to a strip club for me. It's not a big deal. I know you're coming home to me at the end of the night."
He angrily walked off to his first class, knowing he was going to be counted late. He didn't care. He was seething. There was nothing he could do. Not even the fucking education system could do anything. Angry tears threatened to spill from his eyes. He quickly wiped them before entering his classroom.
"No, Claire," Cas said, dodging pieces of food. "Don't do that."
"We're driving to California and staying at a house right by the beach," Cas said excitedly.
"Yeah. Everything is good. I got Sam to unpack and go to sleep pretty fast last night," Dean explained. "Thank you for letting us stay here."
"Cas, you haven't been in a relationship since high school. Why don't you try to let someone in? Maybe one of the guys that asks you out could be the one," Charlie said.
"Are coming to skate with me, daddy?" Claire asked.
"Yes," Cas whispered. "I mean every single word. Cross my heart. Swear to god."
Dean snorted. "It's actually my phone."
"Of course I kept the baby. I'm not going to abandon my child like some cowardly alphas do," Cas retorted.
"I'm gonna come," Cas breathed. "Knot me."
Cas shook his head. "No, it was Charlie's. She always drags me to bars and clubs to hopefully find a new mate. I only asked you so you could at least make the night bearable." He realized what he said. He quickly continued talking. "You didn't have to say yes."
"Come on, Gabe. Please," Dean begged.
Dean chuckled. "Young? You call me old all the time."
"It looks really good so far," Cas mentioned.
"Oh, really? Did you make friends with them?" Dean questioned.
The Next Afternoon
Cas pushed Claire, Dean following, to meet his mother at the front doors. Naomi waved them over. Even though it was hot, the Novak mother still wore an expensive pantsuit.
"Of course, Dean," Cas affirmed.
After they cleaned up, Dean drove Cas back home and walked him to his front door. They shared a lingering goodbye kiss and said goodnight. When Cas walked inside, he made sure to try to walk normally. His was pleasantly sore, but he didn't want anyone in his family to know that.
"I love you too, Gabe," the omega said before hanging up.
"Holy shit," Dean cursed out loud, closing the picture before anyone could see. "Um, I'll be right back."
"I like the way you think." Dean winked.
"He already does," Cas confirmed, smiling at Dean.
"Hey, what's the matter with you?" Dean asked, brows furrowed.
Cas, Meg, Gabe, Kevin, and Ruby took their shots.
The principal stopped and smiled warmly at Cas. "Of course, Mr. Novak. Do you want to come by my office?"
"Well, don't you two look beautiful," Dean spoke, smiling.
Cas sighed. "Look, I understand all of your concerns. Maybe I did do this all wrong. Just, let me handle it my way. I will not hurt my daughter. I have to protect her from the heartache I endured. Give me some time, okay? We're not leaving until after the holidays. Let me see how much Dean has changed."
"Dean," Cas chided, grabbing Dean's hand.
"Hey, Clarence," Meg greeted as Cas got in her car. "Are you getting sick? Your cheeks are red."
"Well, when Sam told me that you were seeing Cas again, I breathed a huge sigh of relief. I always felt guilty for not stopping your father forcing you to walk away from your omega and pup. I hoped somehow you two would get back together and be the family you should have been a long time ago," Mary explained.
"Nope," Cas said, quickly going back to the bin, starting to throw up again.
Friday night, Charlie helped Cas pick out a nice outfit for his date. Cas was a nervous wreck. He hasn't been on a date since his his freshman year in high school.
"I love you too."
"Mom? Dad?" Cas questioned, looking between them. "Where's Dean?"
John walked downstairs, pulling a plaid shirt over his regular white t-shirt. "Good morning, everyone." He sat at the head of the table.
Mick gave Cas a quick peck on the corner of the mouth. Cas was taken aback, touching his mouth, his face turning a shade of red.
"This shower is for Cas. Shouldn't it be Cas' choice in who comes? Maybe he would rather have his friends," Dean argued.
"Cassie, we're sorry about mom," Gabriel apologized.
"Yeah. I mean it's nothing fancy, but it's just temporary," Dean said, helping Cas out of his coat.
"It takes time to look good, Dean," Cas called back. "Just be patient. It'll be worth it."
"I don't know," Dean replied, not looking at her. "They took him back. They won't let me see him."
Cas nodded. "Well, actually only my older brothers are coming. They want to know if they're having a niece or nephew."
The alpha's phone went off again as he was exciting the restroom. He opened it, reading the reply from Cas.
The waiter nodded, handing him a cigarette and lighting it up for him. Dean took a long drag, blowing out the smoke with his anger. He tried relaxing and calming down before he went back inside. He didn't want Cas to smell his bitter scent.
The alpha shook his head, amused, before picking his boyfriend up bridal style. He walked him to the bed, putting the omega on the mattress softly.
"Hey, little brother. Can I come in?" His older brother, Gabriel asked.
The omega pulled away, wiping his tears once more. "When Inias found out, he was furious. He said he couldn't handle my mom controlling me and he would never forgive me for what I did. That's when he left."
"Cas, baby, I'm ready for all of this. I want this more than anything. I love you like crazy and I want to take this next step in our relationship."
The whole family gathered around the dining table, ready to eat the lovely lunch Mary and Ellen made. Cas was excited to show off his ring to Dean's family. He grabbed the engagement ring from his pocket and slipped it on his finger under the table.
"Yeah? What is it?"
"I do," Dean said quickly.
"Oh, yeah. That's where I'm headed. I'll show you," Cas offered.
"Dean actually signed us up for parenting classes. Just to help us for what's coming up," Cas added, eating a fork full of his salad.
"Hello?" Cas answered, still groggy.
"Really?" Cas brightened up. "Together?"
"I don't go anywhere without Dean. So, you can tell them they can't just try to bring me back. They have to accept my pup's father," Cas objected.
Dean came home, a couple of bags in his arms. He threw his keys on the table by door and put the bags on the kitchen counter. The alpha went to the bedroom, finding Cas messing with his hair.
"Hmm?" Cas hummed, looking up at Dean through his lashes.
"Hey, gorgeous," Dean interrupted, coming up next to Cas, wrapping an arm around him.
"Yeah, I guess so," Dean muttered, turning away.
"I'm glad." Cas smiled. He wished his mom would have accepted him going into art rather than becoming a doctor.
Cas rolled them over roughly so he was on top. "I'm going to get what I want."
"He prefers Sam. I like calling him Sammy." Dean smiled, taking a piece of candy from Cas' hand.
," Cas told him.
"I'm glad you found him when you did. A little later and that douchebag would've -," Dean trailed off, trying not to think of it.
Dean huffed a laugh. "With me?"
"Yeah, but I love their fries and I know you love their burgers," Charlie pointed out. "And besides, maybe someone will catch your eye. This place is full of hot alphas."
The alpha started to panic, getting up from the chair. "We need to go to the hospital."
The alpha pulled away quickly before things got anymore heated. "Wait. Are you sure you want this, Cas?"
Later that night, Dean woke up to use the restroom and decided to watch tv in the living room so he wouldn't bother Cas, who was still fast asleep in the bedroom.
"Maybe I do," Cas challenged, raising an eyebrow.
"Yeah, and Claire's here too," Dean retorted, laying a kiss on Cas' neck before moving away from him.
Once Dean hit send, he heard the door of the restroom open and close.
They said their goodbyes before Dean left with Sam and Cas. The oldest Winchester drove back to Ellen's house, excited about Cas coming over. He knew he was gonna get laid. He's been trying for weeks to get in Cas' pants. Cas was too shy. Dean knew Cas had to be a virgin. He was just proud to finally get Cas alone.
"I hope this doesn't change anything between us," Cas said, sitting up.
Cas' shoulders slumped, his good mood fading. "What do you want, Roman?"
"Wait! I felt something," Dean exclaimed.
With that, the beta student walked out, leaving the nurse to tend to paperwork at her desk as Cas leaned all the way back in the chair, trying to feel the cool air coming from the open window.
"Now, you don't need clothes for what we're about to do," Cas hinted.
"What do you want, baby?" Dean asked.
Once Dean started picking up the pace, Cas went from pouting to moaning. He wrapped his legs around Dean's waist, trying to pull Dean closer. Cas caught Dean in a sensual kiss. They grinded against each other, their bodies close and hot.
Cas decided to walk towards Dean's locker. The alpha stood there, locker open, just staring into it. Weird. Cas walked over, touching Dean's bicep, startling him.
Dean pulled away. "I've missed you so goddamn much."
"Hi," Cas muttered. "Dean? What really happened that night?"
"At least you don't have to carry our pup for nine months," Cas joked.
"Dean," Cas laughed, "you're going to make us crash."
"Yeah, we sure are."
"I know, but it's just hard not to think about what your mom said. She made some good points. Maybe you should find a better alpha."
Charlie looked between the two roommates, noticing how flustered they both were. She smiled knowingly, but didn't say anything.
"Hey, baby girl," Dean greeted, walking into the kitchen. "Hey, babe."
The omega smiled. "Yes, please, daddy." He replied.
Dean walked over, fresh out of the shower, zipping his fiance's dress, his hands wandering over the omega's body, landing on his round stomach.
Dean chuckled. "No way. My coworkers are not going to get a free show and drool over you."
Dean chuckled. "Whatever you want, sweetheart."
"I'll give you 3!" Cas exclaimed. "One, getting caught having sex in your car in the movie theater parking lot because you couldn't wait till we got home. Two, getting pulled over by a cop while my lips were wrapped around your dick. Three, the handjob you wanted in the diner we like going to, which led us to get banned. Do I need to go on?"
Suddenly, Dean's phone started ringing. The alpha grabbed it from the nightstand, checking the caller ID.
When Dean finally started fingering Cas' slick hole, the omega felt relief of feeling filled, but he wanted more. He pushed back on Dean's fingers, they pushed on the right spot to make Cas throw his head back and moan loudly.
Cas let Dean dominate the kiss while he just grabbed onto Dean's shirt with one hand while the other was holding the back of Dean's neck.
"Yeah. The couch was empty when I woke up this morning. He left a note," Ellen says, handing over the note.
He remembered that they were having football tryouts. Cas decided to go sit in the metal bleachers and at least get some sun. Not that he wanted to see Dean. That would be weird.
"Jack, no, no, no," Cas almost shouted, trying but failing at stopping the two year old from putting his syrup covered hands in his hair.
When they arrived at the complex, Dean opened the door for Cas and led him to his apartment building. Dean let Cas walk into his apartment first. He knew he didn't have the right to, but Cas started looking around to see if any other omegas have been there. It did look lived in, that's for sure. He had to admit, it did look cleaner than his room as a teenager.
Dean looked at Cas up and down, trying to figure him out. They've only known each other for a couple of weeks, but Dean still wants to know more about the omega. Not that he has a crush. He doesn't. He just thinks it's polite to know more about your roommate.
"We can do this instead of a cake if you want. I'll be happy to make this interesting substitute for cake," the owner smiled.
"What do you do for work?" Balthazar asked Dean.
"How did he get a picture of you in lingerie?" Dean asked.
"Shut up," Cas nudged him.
Just as Cas said that, the drunks next to them turned their music louder and started dancing like crazy people. Dean groaned, getting off the hood of the impala, Cas following him.
It wasn't going last much longer and Dean knew that. The way Cas was moaning out little "uh, uh, uh," as Dean fucked him and tightening around his cock, made it known Cas was close. The alpha could already feel his knot swelling.
"No, I wanna go. Just to show you that I'm not prissy," Cas challenged.
The omega agreed, letting Dean lead him to the bedroom. "I know you were smoking."
"Shit, shit, shit," Gabriel cursed, pacing the floor. "Why can't your alpha do it?"
"Yeah. We can do that this weekend," Cas agreed.
"Castiel?" A very familiar voice called out, freezing Cas in place.
"What do you mean?" She asked, eyebrows furrowed.
"I love you too, Dean," Cas leaned up and kissed Dean softly.
Dean walked upstairs to his old room. He was surprised when he saw Eileen run across the hallway from the restroom to Sam's room in just one of Sam's t-shirts.
"Not today, sweetheart."
Dean felt his knot swelling as Cas tightened around him like a vise. The alpha grabbed the headboard with one hand while the other started stroking Cas' erect cock.
"Hey, I was thinking since it's Friday, do you wanna come over to my house to watch some movies after the game?" The green eyed boy queried.
"I can't believe my family is happy for us," Cas bubbled.
Cas walked out of the bedroom, stretching his muscles after waking up. He found his husband already in the living room, watching the news. Cas walked over and kissed his husband on the cheek.
"Castiel Novak," Dean answered, watching her type away on the computer.
Cas turned to look at Dean. "Dean, we have sex pretty much every day. Date night doesn't make it special."
Dean came out of the bathroom, drying his hands on his jeans. He almost ran into a couple making out right next to the bathroom door. He walked around, paying no mind, until an attractive beta stopped him in the hallway.
"Hey," Dean greeted, smiling.
"Hey, handsome," Cas greeted.
Chuck stepped aside to let the couple in. "I'm glad you could make it."
"No. I never told him about you, but we can tell him together. Then we can be a family," Lisa suggested.
"Sam," Eileen warned.
The omega nodded. "Yes, it seems that way."
The omega crawled onto the bed on his hands and knees. The alpha stripped himself of his jeans and underwear before kneeling behind Cas. He pulled the omega's panties down, revealing the dusty pink hole, shiny with fresh slick.
"What?" Cas looked confused, but soon started realizing what Dean was doing. "Dammit, Dean."
Soon, Dean's knot caught on Cas' sensitive rim, coming loads into his fiancé. Before he collapsed on his pregnant omega, Dean laid them on their sides until his knot goes down.
Once Cas came, Dean wasn't far behind him. The alpha fucked him through their orgasms. Dean had just enough strength to pick them up on the bed before he collapsed, breathing heavily.
"No, not really. Mom and dad keep telling me it will happen, but it's been past the time it took you to present," Sam said, his shoulders slumped. "I just don't want to be an omega."
"Good. I'm really glad," Dean said, kissing his temple. "Do you need anything?"
"Thanks for the party. I actually had a lot of fun."
"I like that idea," Dean replied, winking at Cas.
"Dean!" Cas yelled from the bedroom.
"No, no, no," Dean quickly said. "I can do it. I'm just trying to find my sea legs."
"When your father kicked Dean out," Mary started. "I... I should've..."
The omega sighed. "I feel like this is moving too fast. I feel like I'm ruining your life by doing all of this. I still want to go to college."
Dean quickly gave Cas his full attention. "Baby, what's wrong?"
The omega's smile fell when he felt a presence behind him. He felt the heat of the person's breath on him.
"Hey, I take a little offense to that," Balthazar put in.
"Charlie," the omega sighed, letting his friend in. "I thought there was a damn fire."
Cas shook his head, wiping his tears. "No, I'm sorry. My hormones are all over the place. I didn't mean to get so mad. I would really like to meet your friend."
Gabe sighed. "Yeah, I should've known better. Dean turned you into a sex freak."
"Hey, what about trying fishing tomorrow?" Dean asked.
"Dean, you're hurting me," Cas breathed out.
Both Winchesters squared each other up on either side of the kitchen island. Sam ran past Dean towards the front door, Dean hot on his heels.
Cas crinkled his nose, smelling the alcohol, cigarettes, and other omegas on Dean. "You stink."
The group chatted and ate lunch until the bell rang. They went their separate ways except Dean and Cas.
I edited and added more tags. So, before you read, I would check them again. I want to make sure I don't offend or trigger anyone.
"Alpha?" Cas called out, his voice still thick with sleep.
Dean let out a breathy laugh. "Thanks, I guess."
"I'm also pregnant with his pups," Cas blurted out. He might as well rip the whole band-aid off while they're angry.
The Novak sat up to look at his boyfriend. "You love me?"
"Of course. I know you're having problems with your family, but we're here as your second family," Mary told him.
"Dude, stop." Sam slapped his hand away. "Eileen just fixed my hair."
"Dean?" Cas called out.
The omega smiled shyly. "Hi."
Cas sat on his bed, studying from his textbook, humming to his music. It's been several days, but Cas still didn't have the guts to make a decision on whether or not to call Gadreel. He kept telling himself he would make a decision later.
"Hey, baby," the alpha greeted, resting a hand on Cas' hip.
Dean started thrusting shallowly, teasing Cas with every gentle push and pull of his alpha cock going in and out of him. Cas' insides were burning, wanting and needing more friction. He pushed his ass back to give Dean the hint to go faster.
