Moran didn't need to sign it for John to know who it was from.
“There’s nothing wrong with your eyes. Never was.” What am I saying, why, please let this end, this needs to be over
"Yes. Quite far."
John nods. He stares at the city beneath him. He’s glad he got to see it burn so brightly without a fire to kindle it. He’ll remember.
The stuffed men."
A shadow marks the rubble, tall and powerful like the sun has concentrated all its might into the space it occupies, as if it wants to burn it into the face of the earth, stretch it for miles, make it a giant.
Sherlock stares at him for a long moment.
like it was a locked, windowless room with a body in it, so it bloody well looks like yours includes me as well. Now, if that’s what you want, you will tell me everything,
Sherlock's head snapped up from his examination the thick red marks on John's neck from where Moran had wrapped his arm around it, and for a moment he looked quite deranged.
"And they led you here?"
"I'm fine by the way." He croaked hoarsely. One look from Sherlock told him that the boy had a bruise forming on his side where he'd been kicked and a cut to the cheek from glass shrapnel as the window was smashed from the outside, but that he was otherwise uninjured. There were worse injuries; gunshots, stabbings, a good mangling-
Sherlock was barely able to keep his eyes open, but he startled at the noise. One of the last things he had expected would’ve been for John, dying on the kitchen floor, to dig the bullet out from his shoulder, and use it again, but that was John to the core, wasn’t it? Always the tone of surprise.
A hand touches the line of his jaw and he looks up, brow furrowed.
“Yeah, that asshole.”
In the morning, more of the same.
One night, while John was plainly eating his plain dinner at their plain table and Sherlock watched him with utter fascination from one of the cameras that Mycroft had installed, right where they found the last one on that dusty bookshelf, Sherlock realised that John very well might never recover.
"Why'd you get milk then if you never drink it and I can't right now? Sherlock, it'll have gone bad by the time I get better—"
He falls.
“What are you doing?”
"Was it ever right? I mean…did any of the theories or ideas work?"
"With a
"Do you think he got to Mikheia?" John asked quietly and Sherlock considered his answer.
"No." Sherlock hummed against his skin. "You taste wonderful. Every inch."
He snaps it open, the flimsy lock clattering against the table. The page falls open to the beginning.
"Trust me, if there was," John frowns, "I would have already taken care of it."
“Sherlock.” Mycroft murmurs again, and it is the sound of disappointment, a quiet acknowledgment of a promise that had been thrown to the floor one too many times before it shattered.
“Yes, at a 90 degree angle to your chest.”
“And what might this one be?”
He always thinks he’s seen the worst face humanity can show him, until it gets uglier than before.
He knows Mycroft is watching him. He didn’t hide his newest camera as well as the others, and it stares at Sherlock where it’s wedged between the corner of the kitchen cabinets and the ceiling. He stares back. He knows his brother won’t hesitate to meddle and he fully expects an unannounced visit in the morning.
"The Philosopher's Stone?" He croaks. "You found it?"
"Lestrade." John greets and receives a nod from his friend.
"I'd rather
He tried not to think about it, but that wasn't the same as simply
With the wild wolves around you
"Sherlock, I know you're nervous—"
At once, candles flared to life, illuminating the small room. In the center of the loamy floor was a fresh grave, spilling the smell of damp dirt into the chamber, full of the rich carbon smell of decay. A dead rooster lay at the head, a goat with its throat slit at the foot. Both had been completely exsanguinated, and Sherlock felt himself grow cold somewhere deep in his core. The sensation of ice crawled along their bond, and he knew John had come to the same conclusion.
Their things are packed by the door, ready for the flight home tomorrow. Together. Rain was predicted for London, so he’d left out their coats. Couldn’t go home unprepared.
John gets three stuck to the ceiling before he can get the flipping down right. He smears the blackberry filling on his cheek. Sherlock wants to lick it off. He wants to see what John tastes like. He wants to swallow him whole, to consume him, his very being, so no one else can have him. He found him that night. John is his. Not Mycroft's. Not anyone else's.
"Asleep, most like." Mortimer answers, banging his torch to get a steady beam, focusing it on Sherlock. "Or maybe Vlad here scared them off."
"He's off-limits." John says, looking past Sherlock to Jim.
"Evening, gentlemen." A deep voice resonates from inside the tiger. "Or whenever you happen to be listening to this. I trust it came into your hands quite easily, Sherlock Holmes."
“I agree. When do the others get here?”
In the comfort of their own wealth people were careless to their own safety. They thought that money would protect them, but money was the thing that usually ended them. People were so utterly predictable.
Arriving back at the station, Lestrade shrugs off his coat, Sherlock breezing past him. That man would strain a saint, but if they were going to get anything done, they needed him. And as ostentatious as he was, he was smart and he was clever; perhaps given enough time he would even become amenable.
"Not quite a
Sherlock thought with a brief flash of pride for John). Now he was fleeing, the cowardly criminal's way out. So he had somewhere or something to flee to, which means he's foreign. He certainly sounded British-possibly-Welsh from what Sherlock could make out through the door. This just increased the likelihood that he was involved with John's agency.
“Within the hour. Emil is bringing the car around.” He glanced at John. “Are you sure you want to drive? You can remain here and stage the party.”
“Tell me. Mycroft,” Sherlock demands, colour rising to his cheeks as his voice wavers. “
"I will
“And what is that, may I ask?”
“A note.” Sherlock repeated.
"No, John, that's not—" Sherlock exhaled heavily, bringing a hand to pinch the bridge of his nose. "Please, just…tell me."
John shut his eyes.
It's all he has.
It’s the man’s tone that makes almost-Doctor James Mortimer turn around, wine bottle nearly suspended over his glass. It’s quiet and heavy with something dark and hopeful. Holmes is turned away from him, a white knuckled grip fastened around one of the shelves of the bookcase.
John's learned his lesson once already.
"And the others? What of them? You've wronged more than they. A woman was pregnant, Jim."
“Yes?”
? Delightful. Utterly delightful.”
What would John do?
"Lestrade, in the inner left pocket of my coat you'll find a small tool kit. Hand it to me."
"Yeah, I know." He says quietly. "You already did."
“Where did you hear that?” He asks sharply.
“He almost landed on me, so yes, I was quite amazed that he didn’t crush my sternum.”
Mortimer appears in the doorway, an apron featuring a woman’s torso in a bikini tied around him, unfazed that there are now two Sherlocks in the room.
One heartbeat passed.
It was an odd sensation, certainly, that John knew something he didn't. But then again, John knew a voluminous amount of things that Sherlock didn't. Proper human interaction. How it felt to be shot. A repertoire of carnal knowledge (though Sherlock thought his expertise in the area was a bonus). The various traditions and hazing rituals of the army. How to make a cake and not confuse crushed amcyl nitrate for sugar (That particular incident began with John remarking that the cake smelled rather bitter and ended with him throwing the oven door open, releasing the inhalant into the room, and making himself so high he tried to take his shirt off, failed halfway through and danced on the table, half his shirt dangling off him like a snake shedding its skin. It was an event that neither he nor Sherlock ever mentioned it again.).
“Actually,” John says, catching himself on the doorway and backing up. “That bit you said about not having empirical evidence about Tenebest? That’s not exactly true…”
“Well, we all were beginning to starve; we’d already started eating the philosophers. Something had to be done with us. And I wasn’t hired by the FBI, I was contracted.”
--//--
The wind was cold and crisp, not stringent but with a sharp bite to it. He pulled the muffler around his collar tighter, buttoning it against the chill.
Later, he won’t know if it was the punch that knocked him out, or if he’d fainted.
being the operative word. John's usual treatment involved rather more distance—say from the rooftop opposite—and rather less breaking-and-entering. Why did the man say he was so pale? Why did that surprise him? Such an odd choice of last words…
“Don’t insult me by appealing to my sense of
“Do you remember anything?” Lestrade asks and Sherlock glares at him.
"Neither do I. But, initially, he wanted to be a pirate. Did you know that?"
Someone was with him in the dark and deep inside he knew it was John. He relaxed.
Later. They will have time later.
John hummed, arms coming around his shoulders. “Maybe I do. You did say it was sloppy.”
It was quiet now as John and Sherlock walked up to the front door. An oil lamp was lit somewhere inside the house, just visible past the grimy pane.
Mobile’s ringing. Caller ID says…
"I'm not a good person." He admitted plainly. "I never was, in either life. I'm selfish. I have no control when it comes to the things I want, and I want too much of you for myself. I want all of you, and that is the stone that I must force uphill each day, only to have it roll to the bottom. The task of loving you, needing you, will destroy me. I'm quite certain. But, I think, there are worse ways to go."
anything. They're selfish. They're
"What?"
"I will not leave you again, John." He said resolutely, striding over to his friend. "Tell me what's happening."
John had never spoken to him of what he had seen during the last world war, in Germany. Sherlock rather suspected that he was withholding it not for his own sake, but to keep Sherlock from confirming his worst suspicions about the human race. The news had gotten out anyways, the secret death camps, the starvation, the genocide, but John had seen it firsthand, and he hadn’t said a word about it, ever.
"Sherlock, what the bloody hell is she on about? Who is she? Who is Sigerson?"
A face, right there in the window. Looking at him.
and most often
John's eyes widen.
, Sherlock. Anyways, this bloke was a brilliant writer, but an alcoholic, I think, or, you know, addicted to something. Morphine maybe. I don’t remember.”
"Sherlock, do you think maybe you could try being civil instead of a smartarse for three seconds—" Lestrade is cut off by his phone ringing and he fumbles it out of his pocket. "Hello? Yes. What? Where did you hear that? No, I—no, of course it's not true. I don't know where you got your information, but it's wrong. Yes, it is. That's classified. Well then I guess you'll find out with the rest of the press, then, won't you?"
Skin. Sweat. Saltiness, like the damn Black Sea itself, undulating in its freshness, its pungency. A warmth that tasted of heaviness and spun sugar.
"Is that an order, old nan?"
"That makes him
“Yes, I
Sherlock and John are together once more.
, you great stupid thing."
In a moment he was standing before the servant, towering over him, narrowing his focus as their eyes met. “
“Everything I love is on the table.
“Not well.”
Not receiving a dismissal or any verbal abuse, Lestrade takes a step in and shuts the door.
His gun was still in his bag. They hadn't had the time or foresight to find it.
"Why, so he can do your bidding again, like some attack dog on a leash? And we can be beholden to you and your twisted generosity for another decade?" He snarled, his mind tangled and knotted in the black emotional undertow that John had left in his wake. "I'm tired of him running away. I'm tired of you sticking your nose where it doesn't belong. I want to...I want...I want..."
His attacker, dead behind him. A bullet in his throat. Clean entry. Blackened halos from the gunpowder already forming on burnt, bloody skin.
“I notice you aren’t looking where the light is. Why might that be?”
A bloody
"I suppose congratulations are in order, then." He said with a bitter grin.
for what they did to you, John. I want them to feel how I felt, seeing you covered in your own blood and knowing I might not be able to save you."
"What do you want to do after you leave?"
, and Sherlock couldn't change that and, for a rare time in his life, knowledge physically hurt him. John's resemblance of a life was a lonely one, and that was bad, very bad.
Anthea texts him the schedule for the day.
John quietly unattached himself from mind and ledge and opened the window.
He dipped his head and let the tip of his nose brush John's.
’ look and Sherlock feels the knot of familiarity tighten. He’d missed this. Missed him.
It was illogical, because he had learned the Golem's real name, Georgei Kurgazov.
As much as he dreaded it, there was no use running naked through the halls…
"I mean, what if there was mould culminating in the vents or something? It's dangerous—"
“I covered some of the distance myself. Honestly, Rayner, it’s like you’re not pleased to see me.”
No, no, this is much more interesting. Moriarty has no appeal to him anymore, not since he strapped John to enough semtex to level a building and Sherlock is quite sure that he is, with utter certainty, very, very dead, his loathsome body rotting in the shallow grave it deserves.
A heavy sigh, long ago resigned to immovable behaviour, followed by a quiet concession. “I won’t stop you, but he won’t change his mind, Gregory.”
Lestrade’s brow raises. “Hampstead? We’re going posh then.”
John knew the day he shot the cabbie he'd instilled some new form of cruelty in Sherlock's head. He'd scoffed at guns before, all up to the point when he looked at John over the row of flashing police lights and realised just what he'd done. John knew he'd want to repay the favour, but he was convinced that day would never come; Sherlock loved waving guns around, but that didn't mean he'd ever fire one.
He stalks up to the sedan, unable to stifle the noise of his approach on the wet gravel. His skin is bathed in the red light of the neon sign, like some avenging angel.
He turns to leave.
When the sun rises, they’re going home.
As he prepares himself to open the door, he already knows what he’s going to do.
"What happened?"
, Sherlock Holmes!” John shouted into the quiet night, rounding on him as the sound echoed across the square, carried against the electric trams, the columns of the stoic, shuttered buildings, the lights of the city glowing against them.
The doctor in him, the one who harbours the desire to help people in need, likes her, likes the passionate look in her eyes that she gets when she talks about humanity thriving in squalid conditions.
“Yes? Good. Listen to these instructions carefully: if you disregard them, if you give any indication of dissent, I will have no choice but to leave you in this chair for the rest of the night. You’ve seen what twelve minutes can do, so I would advise you to follow my orders, and follow them closely.
“Telegram for you, sir.” One of the maids said, curtsying as she handed him the envelope.
"Yeah," John mutters. "He sure is something."
For such a small town, the Roadhouse was truly a new low. While those superfluously decent townspeople slept in the comfort of their homes, they evaded what Sherlock surmised was the most interesting place in town. Drunks milled about in the parking lot, tossing used bottles to the ground without a care. A neon sign illuminated the darkness. Sherlock points as he and John pass under it, giving it a two gun salute:
“I myself have always suspected that the Queen has a morbid interest in DNA synthesis.” Sherlock says dryly.
"Then your feelings of unease are unjustified. You don't even know his name."
She looks at each of them slowly before she speaks, light-brown eyes narrowing.
He grabbed at John’s hands if only to do something with them, either to throw them off or take him closer. “But I don’t
“I hoped—at your grave…” He stops, swallowing roughly. “I didn’t want you to be dead, and it seems that you heard me, so well—well done, you.” Another pause, another carefully levered word cracking on its exit into the ether. “I didn’t think my future included you in it anymore, but you’ve proven me wrong, and I don’t know your intentions in all this, but you were staring at an old tape of me
“How old are you, Captain?”
“He can kill me just as easily as you, James, but you’re making it fun. He gets messy when he’s having fun.”
“The safety is on.” John huffed, sitting down on the sofa. “I’m just...just playing a
“I couldn’t
“Sherlock—”
“Shit.” Greg runs a hand through his hair. “I forgot about that. Do you think we should tell him?”
The door opened, music spilling through. Sherlock stepped down off the porch and John got a good look at his husband in the flesh for the first time in years.
"As have you." Jim answers. "You couldn't have tried for something better looking?"
"Do you know," Sherlock went on, "Just how close you were sitting to your assassin? While you were talking with him about bloody
“John…” He slurs, grasping at John’s collar. This was important and he felt himself fading. “John, I—think he drugged me. Lestrade too. In…t…tea.”
Ronnette Pulaski had one big hill to climb, Lestrade thought as he stands over her hospital bed. The abrasions on her wrists had been wrapped, but there was no covering the large, swollen black eyes or the sweat-dampened hair. Poor girl.
“—like nothing ever changes.” Sherlock finished.
“Mycroft can go fuck himself.” Sherlock bit out and John raised his eyebrow at the crassness; he was quite upset, more-so than he was letting on. “And the whole world can go with him.”
"He's been…weak." He heard Mycroft explain to Mary. "Quite weak." Then something else, "Drug…not fully left his system."
But they both recognized that it was more than that, more than a minor irritant, more than just something to pass the time while traveling.
and so he went to the one behind it and watched as dust and sand flew by as they followed the first and watched as it hit a UED and exploded and watched as it burned and it could have been him in there and it was all
"We took her against her will, sir. We owe her small comforts."
"John, listen to me…" He paused, waiting for John to react.
“Mr. Holmes?” His assistant called. “Are you alright?”
“What, don’t think I’ve got the right mind?”
This was Post-John, singularly more worse and terrible than anything else he had been through, something he had never hoped he'd live to experience, something he'd sacrificed three years of
“Sherlock.”
"It'll be fine. Stop it."
A faint smile graces John's face. "No. No, it was nothing like that. I knew exactly what I was doing when I came here."
Silence. Then, the last words Mycroft spoke to his brother for three years.
He kisses him, and they eat dinner together in bed as they watch night fall. Sherlock sets aside their plates and takes his hand, settling against the duvet as the dark deepens.
John threw back his head, and laughed. A grin spread on Sherlock’s face, and the room did not seem so dim, their situation not so serious, the levity buoying in the moment.
At least until Sherlock could see him.
"It's alright, I'm a doctor." He said calmly, employing what Sherlock referred to as his doctor voice. The voice that would tell you everything would be fine, even if you were bleeding out in front of him and you were missing a leg.
Back in his room, silent and immaculately clean.
They manage to bring John to his feet, wrapping each of his cold arms around their shoulders as they stumble back towards the town. The soft tip of John's wing brushes at Sherlock's ear as they move.
“How long do you think it will be taking for you to heal?”
He never got to touch him but at least he hadn't been cold. He had been fire and heat and red-hot bone and melting flesh. His warmth had imploded inside him like a dying star.
Sherlock let out a long exhale, fingering at the violin. “It’s getting dark again, without you here.”
.” He says with an exhale, “John…”
"Stay with me, John. We're here. We're here. You'll be fine."
He can't sleep.
"Because I know you are lying."
The hospital is boring. Sherlock didn’t have to fly 1300 miles to find that out.
Sherlock launched himself at him as he brought the blade down, ramming him into the fridge. He felt a sharp pain along his arm, but ignored it, grabbing either end of Billy’s shirt, inches away from snarling, warped face of a creature out of its mind with bloodlust. Using the leverage, he lifted him off his feet, throwing him through the open door and crashing out into the yard. The kitchen was too small – he had to get him away from John.
"Little bird told me," Sherlock said, leaning forward to squint out of the tiny windshield. "You've been out this way before?"
John smiled.
Mikheia held out his hand. Sherlock didn't take it. He found this boy's panache admirable. Most people wouldn't. Most people would be cowed or politely excuse themselves from the situation, intimidated by the force with which this boy imposed himself on the world. But, seeing as Sherlock didn't belong to that particular tribe of men, he nodded.
He hopes it won’t be long, but then again, he doesn’t have much say in the matter. At least he’s tilted and not fully inverted, or he’d be fucked in a matter of hours.
He didn't know, wasn't quite sure exactly, when he was waking or dreaming as the hours passed and the train rocked and his face pressed against the cool glass. Images, silhouettes, passed by, blurred and reflected in the glass. He heard the swishing of clothing, felt the cool air as people passed, heard the floor creak under their steps. A handful of times he heard the distinct flutter of heavy coats and saw blurred swatches of black amidst pale skin.
John, look around you. We’re in a two-story building without any living souls in at least two hundred meters. The only way it’d be more private is if we locked ourselves in the washroom down the hall.”
“Fuck.”
"The next victim? Her fingerprint was on the dog tags found in the first woman's
He blacks out.
"What? What is so bad about that, John? You're in pain, it's only going to help you—"
“How will we get the poison?” The lawyer asked. “It does not have to be said that it shouldn’t be traced to any of us at any rate.”
"Why didn't you answer me?"
!" Sherlock snaps. John's eyes flutter before closing and staying that way. Sherlock can feel his body soften with unconsciousness.
“If we find your wife, would you like us to tell her anything?”
John opens his eyes to look at him, only to find that he can’t see anything.
"Ridiculous. I will not allow it."
He already has three children with his wife. He doesn’t want more, he said so.
, will you?"
“No you’re right. I forgot Mrs Hudson also pulls out a gun when she’s bored and fires bullets into the wall.”
She shrugs. “I don’t know. All of our kind is cut from the same cloth with the same type of power, but we’re different enough to be ourselves. John is loyal, he’s brave, he’s a fighter. He’d be a good soldier in Nachash’s war, maybe the best one.”
The intercom clicks off and the sound of a door shutting comes from the open windows of the second floor.
"I'm not up—"
Some days it singed; they were too close, yet not close enough. Other days it ran cool but strong, the hidden current in a river, powered by the draw of the fall.
One night John went out, and so Sherlock waited the night for him to come back, as he usually did. But John didn't come back that night, and Sherlock spent the hours declining into his lowest state of being in years.
"Nor did I." Sherlock says, frowning.
, like he belonged there in that small, cramped space of Sherlock's heart, and Sherlock belonged in his, although he was getting the better deal, as John's was roomier.
"Evidently, something your team missed…although I no longer find myself able to be surprised." Sherlock says sharply, pulling his magnifier from his pocket.
“If you lose yourself, if it happens again, I need you to tell me, no matter what. I want to help you.”
She screams as it lunges towards her.
Stupid. It was probably shadows or sweat or blood. Any number of combinations of things culminating to try and trick Sherlock into seeing what he wanted to. And he very much wanted to see John, but unfortunately John was fifteen hundred miles away, sitting in the flat they once shared and moving on with his life.
"Oh you can fuck right off. You know what I meant."
"The laws of good driving forbade you to go off the magic ribbon except in extreme emergencies...It sounds risky as one tells it, but the heavens are run on the basis of similar calculations, and while collisions do happen, they leave time enough in between for universes to be formed, and successful careers conducted by men of affairs."
Not-John has taken his place again, pale face full of swirling black veins back like it never left, like ink spilled onto marble, the dark tar-like blood shining at him again through a wicked smile.
Sherlock's eyes darted from the scar back up to his face. "And what about after?"
He wished John would yell at him, hit him, make him hurt for what he had done, but there was no anger in his voice, just broken glass, hollow of what it once contained.
Yet still Sherlock Holmes did not believe in art.
He struck a match and everything caught fire.
Flashes of light, those brief glimpses of heaven, started to strobe.
They had arrived in late summer. Although the castle was small, the grounds were large and rather English, and John had had a wonderful time riding around, reading and writing at his little desk, walking at the lake under the moon. They were visited often enough by interesting dignitaries, ambassadors, travelers, even the King himself on a few occasions, their old friend Bernadotte, a student of Sherlock’s and his brother’s when they had attempted to work the strings of the revolution as if it were a game of chess.
Two loud gunshots cut him off.
“Who?”
He heard the pound of oncoming footsteps, of boots on tile, so security must be on their way. No sooner had he come to that conclusion than two darkly clad officers rounded the corner.
“I told you to eat
"You said you wouldn't leave." He said in a breath of words that billowed into John's face like smoke.
Pink? Where'd that come from?
Sebastian Moran is sitting across from him in Sherlock's chair. The one he'd been so happy to see that John hadn't thrown out.
He stared out over the dark water, the pleasure barges still floating on the surface, alight like miniature candles. He'd lost control back there, again. He hadn't meant to. There was something about Irene—but no, it wasn't really about her, though, was it? She was the vessel he could put his baggage on and cast out to sea without another thought. This went deeper than just her, than what she made him feel. It was about him and Sherlock, always, always about the two of them, stuck in this Catherine wheel of a relationship that bent their bones in turn until they couldn't recognize the forms of one another any longer. The hammer was coming for them long before Norway, long before Sherlock had allowed the telling blow, but there the momentum had crested into brutal finality, shattering something he had no idea was breakable.
The two stared at each other for a moment, John's gun aimed at Moran and Moran's hands in his pockets.
“That was already present upon my arrival.”
"Holmes came back for you."
The hairs on her neck rise, and she couldn’t say with certainty why. He gives her the creeps, as if he’s staring right into her being, right into what she is, and he does so with a great disdain. She stares back at him, and realizes why.
What might have been.
His brother does nothing but stands there with a look Sherlock’s only seen once. Just once, when Mycroft told him their father was dead.
John rose quickly, closing all of the curtains before the dawn came. He crawled back into bed, laying his hands on Sherlock’s face; he was already asleep or passed out, lean arms coming up to wrap around his waist. Through the points where they touched John could sense he was dreaming, about a night in Romania they had shared nearly a century ago, and something about wood, a small piece of wood. He placed a kiss at the corner of his mouth, licking away a stray dot of blood, and nestled into him, welcoming sleep as they lay together in the muted, fading moonlight.
“You remembered.”
Sherlock sucked in a breath. He had wanted to believe that John would endure, he would survive; he had placed a great deal of investment in the idea that John was strong without him. He had twisted facts to suit theories, and hearing evidence to the contrary made it all unwind in a low, trembling thread in the pit of his stomach.
"After the Earth had paid its price with our hunger, we were banished to the desert." John answers. "The ultimate and primordial punishment. Bloated bellies shrivelled, throats wrung themselves out, brother turned on brother, all of that lovely canonical wrath. The newer Nephilim like myself, the ones too young to know the word cruelty much less the idea, were tossed into the sand and raised in the shadow."
His chin is buried in his crossed arms, leaving his dark hair to cling to his face as water streams over it. Dirt sluices off his bare feet, scrunched against the edge of the tub. His eyes are blank, a thousand miles away.
He sat down across from the other man, who bolted upright, wiping his mouth with the sleeve of his gown, the body beside him slumping in a boneless slouch onto the thin cot.
An old black shadow"
Too bad Sherlock Holmes was just about the chattiest boat-rocking bastard this state has ever seen.
"The name, damn you!" He snarled, as Hope cried out, clutching in vain at the widening red stain spreading beneath his shirt.
They were still naked after the shower, neither paying much attention to dressing simply because there wasn't any kind of urgency.
“Good evening, Johnny. Shh! Don’t make a
"Like hell they will, Sherlock! I'm not going to let you die again if I can
“Do you?”
the only person that mattered. If he could just heal faster, if he hadn’t been so slow, if Mikheia hadn’t been there, he could’ve put a bullet in Moran’s head and that’d be that, he’d be with Sherlock, he could be in Baker Street, sipping tea and typing and sighing after Sherlock blew up an experiment all over the kitchen and cleaning him off and taking him to bed, a thousand things, what might have been, that’s the worst hell isn’t it,
Cocaine never felt like this. Dissolvable powders and those tasteless things, they never felt like this, so empty and full, so busy with nothing. Wherever he stepped, the glass sheets rose beside him, around him, boxing him in so he might see the outside world as it passed before him. His little treasures were making a little prison.  Each step he made underfoot made the sound
“No need for hostilities, gentleman.” A voice said from the darkness. “We’re all friends here.”
John's laugh grates on his concentration.
“Back to our breaking news, reported just minutes ago and currently in development, a meteorite has been reported to have crashed in the Italian park area of Kensington Gardens. Onlookers reported a bright flash of light to have suddenly appeared in the sky around 12:30 this morning before it vanished above one of the park's large ponds. While no official inquiry has been issued as of yet, the area has been cordoned off by a government response team, although one bystander managed to capture the event on their mobile. Have a look.”
A choked sound escaped Sherlock as he broke apart, John drifting after him, and that was the only sound in the room for a long, long time.
When John speaks, his voice is hard and quiet and Sherlock knows he's done something Not Good.
as he reached for the nearest weapon—a kitchen knife since he wasn’t armed so early after waking up—and then…blackness.
“You think rather a lot of yourself, then.”
He’s screaming now. It’s bouncing in the night like his voice is trapped in a dome, some great big rock he can hide under. His brother and Lestrade are taking him away. John’s just floating there. He’s not moving,
"Sometimes I wonder if you're this stupid on purpose or it's just happy fortune
Suddenly, he realises what she is.
What a work of art.
repetition. I think that, of all the rights I may or may not have, an indelible one is my ability to choose—”
"Because
(See the end of the chapter for
A sudden thought occurred to John.
.” He hisses back.
"That was different, and, in my defence, you
"May I ask how you got here?"
"Where to go?" He repeated.
, she knew then that she was going to leave me, yet she let me kiss her anyways. She left me, and she let me believe everything was alright.”
He stares at the handle for a moment, and heads to the box, the room situated behind the tinted glass of the interrogation room.
The beast gives a great exhale as it falls asleep.
"What, you mean like when I'm not working?" He asked, and Sherlock nodded. "Well when I'm not shooting people I'm treating gunshot wounds and when I'm not treating gunshot wounds I'm shooting people."
“You won’t find me, Sherlock. You’re not the only one who knows how to disappear.”
“Please, no interruptions. I’m
CLOSING DAY
"No," John laughs gently, "I don't answer to anyone, if that's what you're wondering. No God's will and all that. That's another department, I guess." He drops his gaze.
Sherlock comes home from Bart's on the seventh day to find an empty flat. He knows exactly where John is, however, and opens the door to his room.
"I never thanked you." John said quietly. "For carrying me to the train." He added at Sherlock's blank reaction.
!” John yelps as Sherlock eases his bad arm near his shoulder.
"I remember reading about that hospital, Bart's." The man said with a smile. "I thought it sounded odd. Didn't seem like you were the type for suicide." The contact's eyes glinted. "So, what happened?"
The violin went back to its slow picking. There was a low moan underneath the violin, as if an electric guitar had been strummed then put on repeat; one of the Gibson’s, but he’d never had a good feel for those kinds, all electric and plastic. He could hear the wood better.
"I have acclimated to altered circumstances."
“You’re doing yourself wonders,
"No." John says sombrely. "But I'm here for you now."
There was a great sigh as if John was severely inconveniencing him, a sigh usually reserved for interrupted experiments, before the shade was haphazardly tossed back onto the lamp. John felt a great rush of air as Sherlock flopped back onto the bed, his weight resting on his forearms as he dipped his head once more. John's eyes nearly rolled back in his skull as Sherlock laved at a tender mark on the curve of his shoulder, but from pain or pleasure he couldn't tell.
." John breathed, trying to touch his face but only managing to raise his hand slightly before it dropped back into his lap. "It's just—just some minor bruising. It's nothing to worry about…"
This man did not scare him. He had seen worse things.
"I would feel curious, sir."
“John, honestly, for someone that knows the outcome of everything, you can be quite stupid.”
"—you need an anchor—"
“I can’t be your end, Sherlock. I can’t.”
Silence from the other end.
“What is?”
you, and you wouldn't have to imagine what that felt like anymore."
“I’m afraid that’s just his face.” John smiled. “It’s something you get used to.”
"Please," Sherlock scoffed. "You're just as liable as I am. You're the one who shot him, after all."
Sherlock is silent and John's heart thuds in his chest. He can't be wrong. He can't be wrong?
"The mind of the mad is a peculiar thing. What makes sense to them rarely makes sense to us."
"No, it's okay Sherlock." John says gently. "You don't have to regret what you say if you mean it…if it upsets you. It's better than keeping it inside until it turns stagnant and bitter and you're too ashamed of it to tell me. You're human. You all have thoughts that are too terrible to say."
He’s alone in the park now, with the fresh morning air and tinkling fountains and Gladstone’s heavy panting. Alone with the water, and the ghosts inside.
Molly’s silence was confirmation enough.
"Yes, but how exactly—"
Mycroft smiles before he calls out into the darkness. “Sherlock.”
Wordlessly, he reached up and stripped his gloves off, pocketing them. John had swallowed at the sight of his pale hands, looking up at him in alarm.
“Donovan,” he calls into the hall, “take him to the cell block. We’re going to need Billy to stick around for now.”
“You brought the tickets, didn’t you?”
"Oi, what's his deal?" Harry calls out, voice bouncing against the silent buildings.
"Unnecessary." Sherlock proclaims, waiving him off as he reaches for the rotating light above him, turning it to focus on Rachel's left hand.
John looked at him then, and considered the question that previously he would never have thought could even cross his mind, much less be entertained to near completion. He was not in Sherlock’s head anymore, but he knew him well enough to recognize the expression on his face.
It doesn’t matter. He can’t. Doesn’t want to. John’s not around to chastise him.
When she woke up, it was to the polite blonde plucking the tranquiliser from her skin. His warm hand was on her wrist, checking her pulse.
Christ, those heavy-lidded eyes would be the death of him. Sherlock swallowed harshly.
His friend looks as if he hasn't slept in a year, haggard and tired in the cold, weakly lit morning. He gestures to Lestrade, "When you're ready."
"This won't take long, John." Sherlock says lowly, gaze lingering on John before moving to Emma. His voice turns dark, his eyes feral. "You took him from me. You thought you were clever, going after him, but you should have realised there wasn't any rock you could crawl under that I wouldn't find. Nowhere to go where I wouldn't
“I’m trying to apologise.”
He didn't need to elaborate. As he waited for his mate's answer, a low feeling coiled within him, cold, remnants of fear he'd tried to forget. Not so long ago, he would have said it was a natural response of the human condition, some lowly biological holdover he’d attempted to put behind him, explain away without a second thought. Now, when he had something he cared about losing, he wasn't so sure.
are already shattered, and
He wakes in a sweat, as he does many nights. Most nights. Morning light creeps through the blinds, and Tokyo carries on with or without him. There’s something wondrous, or something terrible, or perhaps both, something about that many people in that little space, something in that pavement so saturated with life.
But he wasn't just going to sit here and wait for something to happen either. Shrugging on his longjohns and jeans, he tucks his gun at his side and heads for his shoes.
Mary did not sit beside him, but stood opposite. He was grateful. He didn't want to be near her.
"You would have to pay a visit to my brother," Sherlock says tightly, "And I don't suggest or advise it."
“What’s wrong, love?” John asks, sitting on the ottoman just behind him.
"Mycroft has a summer home in Leipzig, but he never goes to it because the housemaid always pushes strudel on him. Last time he went he had to endure months of my taunting him until he shed the weight again. That's the closest accommodation that I can think of. My and Mycroft's enmity is well known. No one will look for me there because I won't be expected to go."
“It’s as if…I’m incredibly right, without exception.”
His heart is empty.
Swing wide your crane, swing wide your crane
. Any more kind words in there for me?”
He hadn’t been to Dutch country since he had left four hundred years ago. He had no present mind for the streets or the culture or its people; he’d only wanted to find John. Eventually, he tracked him down to a tiny apartment in Molensteeg, climbing in through an upstairs window when no one answered the door.
Sherlock lifts his head and lets it fall against the tiled edges of the tub. He smiles a grin that’s almost too nihilistic for Mycroft’s liking as he tilts his face back to catch the drops so they can trickle down his parched throat.
by John's ear. John flinched slightly then leaned into his touch.
"Yes. I wouldn't lie to you, Sherlock. Unless Moriarty's resurrected himself and gotten his hands on the Invisibility Cloak, there's nothing there. I swear. Maybe you're just, I don't know...seeing what you want to see?"
"Have a safe trip, Mr. Holmes."
." John said, knowing just the word itself would bait Sherlock's interest.
“That it was a Tenebest? It…occurred to me, but I didn’t think it was possible. I didn’t think he’d do this.”
“You’re here.” Sherlock murmurs into the sound of the warm summer night and the traffic outside.
amount of money—do use some sense."
Yet some rational part of him knew otherwise.
“Why?” Sherlock growls, keeping him pinned to the desk.
. That's something you'd do, you big peacock."
Sherlock kept his eyes on the window yet he didn't register what he was seeing.
it, not practising, although apparently he did it quite often.
They have all the time they need.
"—and at Bart's?"
“Fuuuuck.”
“I don’t think you’re incompetent.” Sherlock says solemnly. “Ineffectual maybe, and certainly unorganised, but not…wholly incompetent.”
John didn't quite understand how it happened.
“All right?” He asked, brow furrowing. Sherlock’s hand shot to his neck, brushing against the raised hairs.
! I haven't been going mad! He's here, John, he's right here, beside you!"
"You can call me Jim."
"I'll never hurt you, Sherlock. Whenever I had my gun out, I was protecting you. You know that right? I would never deliberately aim it at you unless the clip was empty or—God forbid—you got caught in the crosshairs and I had a clear shot."
For now. For now. For now.
“And the rest of it?”
“Croydon. It’s where—”
He remembered the graze of Sherlock's lips on his, the sunlight hitting those fluctuating eyes, the sound of his voice—and then he had been pulled into the water like a fish on a line, helpless and flailing as Sherlock watched him from the shore with the saddest, loneliest expression on his face. John could die happily, thrashing about in the water, if it meant he didn't see such utter desolation cross that perfect face again.
"Sherlock—"
Mycroft warned him not to hope, but since when had he ever stopped Sherlock from doing something when he truly wanted to?
Careful,
The helicopter air-lifted Mikheia to the nearest hospital, leaving the three to ride in a tense silence through the streets until they too arrived at the hospital.
Sherlock took it and stared.
Mycroft lets Sherlock snatch the computer from him with a small smirk, but his brother has already opened it and begun to dive down into the part of his mind so impenetrable that nothing else can enter until he permits it to. Mycroft could hold a hot poker to his feet and he wouldn’t feel it until the smell got to him. Perhaps not even then.
He sighed in relief.
But his thoughts were not on Sarajevo or that it was home to the boy with the spider scar or what fate possibly waited for him there or even the cigarette in his hand, as comforting as it was.
He closes his eyes.
Sherlock isn’t listening. He’s beside Mortimer, who has started working at the knots behind John’s back. He leans forward, intent on helping, and his lips brush Mortimer’s cheek.
“John was burned to death.” Sherlock said solemnly. “How did yours die?”
He's stopped as Sherlock tilts his head up and presses his lips against John's. John lets his eyes slide shut, a warm heaviness settling in his belly as he smiles.
Sherlock shut his eyes. "John, let me explain—"
John pulled away first.
"I didn't know until this moment, although I was aware of the magazine's existence. I make it a habit of mine to familiarise myself with as many scientific journals as I can, accredited or not. Actually, the mad ones are usually a better read. Their confidence in their convictions is astounding—"
Not-John looked at him with his chlorine eyes and his utterly cracked smile grew.
Mikheia was walking back up to aisle to him and he stood.
That night, wedged between John and the wall, he dreams of trees again. He’d had pine in place of marrow in his bones once more, and that sticky sweet smell returns to slow his blood to sap again. He’s slowly poisoned by the greenness of it all.
“You didn’t.” Harry says, shaking her head, but at herself or her situation he can’t tell and doesn’t want to ask. “I’m—well I’m a little stressed right now.”
"What do you mean?"
He's paused the image, a security feed from nearly two months ago that shows the lobby and front desk, empty. The timestamp reads 3:34 a.m.
pain." Mary said monotonously, her large eyes turning up to his. "He is where you hurt most, Sherlock Holmes. He told me once that you said you didn't have a heart, but that he thought you were wrong. I want what Jim wanted. I want to burn you, inside and out."
This wasn't the end, for either of them.
It all was ice, right to the bone. He’d never felt such a lonely cold, so cut adrift in bleak nothingness, unaware of himself or of anything else. He wanted to fold into his soft parts, into the warmth tucked into the corners of him, and become nothing, if it meant an end to this.
His shirt dragged behind him, snagging on the stone wall—
It was far too early for John to be drunk, not to mention that not enough time had elapsed for the intoxicated state he seemed to be displaying.
“My mother raised me better than that.”
He hung up, and started to pack.
She watches as he leaves the room.
Somehow, his brain managed to reattach itself to the rest of his body and sent him running down the halls at a furious pace, bursting outside to the assembly plant where the shot had rang out.
I’m breathing heavily. I didn’t expect to. Didn’t want to—
“I can’t feel him. The bond…I can’t feel it, Mycroft.”
“You’re not right anymore.” John says, with a bemused look on his face. “You’re different.”
“No,” John sighs, pinching his nose, “I—the look on your face, in Stockholm. When you saw me. It was so clear that I wasn’t in any plan you’d had until then. I wasn’t supposed to be there, and, to me, neither were you. We were supposed to be together, in London, living out our lives and all that comes with sharing a flat with you. I was supposed to be convincing you to buy the milk or label your experiments or running after criminals with you, not punching you so hard you fainted.”
"How — you don't know me from Adam, for one thing. And for another: of course I'm in a mood! I'm looking at the man who near hanged himself not three hours back, and then had the gall to steal my horse and ride off like it was nothing after I saved his sorry, scrawny neck."
"What did I do?" John asked with all the seriousness as if someone had actually attacked Sherlock.
Nor days of gloom,
Hell, he felt
, but put them both in an acceptable bed that they turned on their tails and ran for all they were worth? He wanted this, he had thought of nothing
"It's okay."
No, no, no, no it wasn't happening like this, not if he could help it—
He did as John asked him and left, leaving John to his doubts, leaving him to simmer in Sherlock's unintentional quasi-betrayal, in his deceit and the fact that, once more, John had been lied to, had been used, by someone he trusted.
happens."
He pulls the gloves off and shrugs his own on as he heads for the door.
"Whomever he works for would know they put us on a train. They would keep tabs on it in case he tried to leave." Sherlock sat with an irritated noise. "I never should have left. I should've stayed—"
“Where’d you learn to drive anyways? I don’t reckon Sheol has a DSA.”
"Sh'lock?" He slurs, raising his head. The chair is still toppled over. "Sherlock?"
He’s not even sure if Sherlock knows he’s gone. Some small quiet voice protests—surely he’d know if his flatmate isn’t there—but a far louder voice shouts over it, reminding John that this is the same man who carried on conversations by himself and who assumed that John was always in the room to listen. It wasn’t uncommon for him to come back from the Tesco or an errand run and remind Sherlock that he’d been gone for a few hours So if John were to be completely honest with himself and the situation, it was entirely likely that Sherlock hadn’t noticed his absence since his track record of his awareness that John is in the room was absolute shite.
“Can an angel be the caster?”
He sighed, knowing this would come eventually. “Sherlock, don’t make me feel guilty about wanting to see more than our corner of the world.”
He began it all again.
, photos of family, a box of tacks, everything flies to the floor with an almighty crash. He bangs his clenched fists on the desk when its swiped clean, as if it’s personally wronged him by running out of things he can destroy.
Sherlock stares at him for moment before he inhales deeply, as if steeling himself. A brief flash of panic knots in John's stomach and he prepares himself for rejection as he begins to think of fake excuses before Sherlock licks his lips and leans down, ducking his head towards John.
Sherlock paced a little, carding a hand through his hair. “When was I sired? What year?”
, run run run—
He turns on his heel and strides to the closed door, no longer caring if he made noise. The others must have noticed he’d been gone long enough.
John glares at the burlap covering his face, but he hears himself echo: “‘Resignedly beneath the sky, the melancholy waters lie’.”
, I buried myself in a landslide and left you on the other side and now I can’t
“You were here without me?” John asked, but was steadfastly ignored.
Sherlock rolled onto his side, facing John.
“It’s
There, in bold, black ink, just below the remains of the torn-off date, is printed:
“For hurting you. I wasn’t prepared for…”
They lie on Sherlock's bed, John clothed in his old pyjamas, facing each other.
His eyes snapped open and he lifted his head.
John watched as the water sluiced away the dirt and sweat and rawness of the day. The sun felt hotter here than anywhere else, like it focused all its attention on the parched earth he now sat on.
“John shot him.”
. He’d rather not, though, just in case Sherlock tries to lift him and dislocate his other arm. He didn’t think he had the energy to coax him through another medical procedure.
"Did you know that master artists like to leave their work unfinished?" Moran asks. "Kafka, Van Gogh, Michelangelo, Vermeer…what's the mystery in revealing all of your hand to the public when it's so much sweeter to hide it? Holmes knows that, that's why that poor sod Watson's locked up in the first place—"
years.” He ran a hand up Sherlock’s neck, squeezing his leathered palm against the tensed muscle.
"But...I didn't say it was in Russia."
John sat on the roof, legs dangling over the faux stone parapet. Everything was made so cheaply now, now that everyone could afford it. He gave it less than ten years before it was to be replaced by something worse. The dual nature of progress, moving forward and back at the same time.
"Yeah, you keep going on thinking that."
“In my wildest of dreams, I could never have imagined the two of you, and the life you have tied around your necks.” Mikheia says quietly.
--//--
“A drink would be lovely, thank you.” Sherlock answers with a polite smile.
Mycroft almost rolls his eyes.
“She doesn’t love him anymore.” He replies, eyes hardening quickly like cooling wax. “His wife. He’s been twisting his ring; whatever’s bothering him is something domestic. He has a stain on his collar, he ate lunch alone today or someone—most likely his wife—would have pointed it out to him and he would have attempted to wash it out in the bathroom. They had a fight over something recently, probably last night, most likely within the past few days. His lack of apology can be contributed to the fact that he feels himself to be the victim—a trait not uncommon on the male end of a relationship as I understand the stereotype is that women are constantly both confusing and in flux concerning their emotions—but in his case it’s justified, since Cila Alkaev brought something up that both surprised and angered him. She is who we should question next.”
“Let her choke on it.” Sherlock muttered, and John shot him a narrowed look.
"No," John shook his head. "It's not her. It's never been about her. Not really."
John put the cap back on. Called the morgue to send someone up and get the body. Called a cleaning crew to mop up the blood. Washed his hands. Watched the blood sluice off his palms and dye the water a pale red before disappearing down the drain.
"I know. You don't have to say it."
"Hey, alright, a: my thoughts are perfectly good company, thank you, and b: she's not a
“You don’t clean those now.”
The man had chosen perhaps the worst place to barricade himself, in a room where one wall was completely lined with ceiling-to-floor length windows. Windows that could be opened from the balcony outside. That poor, stupid bastard. He'd never learn. None of them ever learned.
it, Sherlock! It didn’t feel right.”
And John was going to let him believe that he had the upper hand.
There was a pause as Sherlock glanced him over once, twice, as if considering every inch carefully.
He's silenced as Sherlock's mouth closes over his.
A month they’ve been here. A month, and he’s already sunken into this land as if he’s lived there for decades. In the dark, blind compartments deep beneath his chest, part of him wishes John would stay injured for just a little while longer. That’s all he wants. More time here.
Mycroft worked in silence, swabbing and picking bits and pieces from the wound, which now looked less raw and odious. He was just cleaning another set of disposable tweezers when Sherlock stilled completely, sucking in a hiccoughed gasp of air as his eyes flew open.
Kita moves quickly, faster than he imagined she could—stupid—and he barely blocks her jab, forearm coming up to stop the blade an inch from his temple. He steps on her bare foot, heel digging into the thin skin, and uses his weight to his advantage, grabbing her other arm and pinning it behind her.
“Holmes, your…something good. He breathed it in yet?”
"I'm glad you brought that up." Mycroft smiles grimly. "My brother. He is not, technically speaking, a
Sherlock blinked, snapping back from that comfortable kitchen on Baker Street, to this airy, dark cathedral in Belgium, so far away from home. So far away from John.
"Love is a liability." He said finally, his voice bland and cold.
“Mrs Hudson doesn’t know I’m here. I came straight to you, after I…I can leave as quickly as I came.”
“Molly—”
!" Sherlock bellows, striding into the parlour looking every bit the mad scientist. Wild hair, crazed electric eyes…John almost expected him to flip a switch and shock his raggedy, home-made monster into existence.
have a body to get rid of."
"I will." John answers. Soft feathers brush Sherlock's cheek. The kitchen smells warm and sugary. He can hear John breathing.
This is good, though. Not the mess, but the fact that the killer was desperate enough to break into their flat to see how close they were to catching them. He'll have to dust every surface of the flat, look for prints, for anything that might point him in the right direction. If they were so careless that breaking and entering seemed like a good idea then their chances of making a mistake had skyrocketed—
where he had gone wrong.
His practise assignment had been difficult to say the least.
"With a bastard."
violent things." Mikheia added, seeing the look on his face.
Was that right? Was that him? His name, who he was.
He looked down at Irene. "They promised you your greatest desire, and in exchange, you had to raise Moriarty back to the land of the living, and ours.”
, the funny thing about love is that if there is a consequence, you do not notice it."
He turns and steps outside, Mikheia saying a few words to his sister before following him.
Golem. He was tofu that had found its true calling.
"The punishment for gluttony is to lie in a bilious slush, and writhe in the feeling, ignorant of the suffering of others around you. Trapped forever in the acrid remnants of a moment of impulsive, selfish decision."
"Careful," John says, his voice snapping him out of his thoughts as he flips another crêpe. "Your possessiveness is showing."
“I have every right to look at you however I want.” Sherlock responded. “Answer the question.”
Sherlock looked up at him again, considering his words.
"But I do love you."
The door opened then and another figure let themselves in.
"But I do, John. I owe you everything."
"Once?" Sherlock felt a smile crawl on his face, unwarranted but welcomed. "And does that have an expiration date?"
"I couldn't sleep." John explains, stepping into the room. The dim light catches on his sandy hair, touched by gray. "Thought I'd stop by with the kit results and see if you needed my help."
They watched as it inched around, its feelers wobbling in the air.
"You—Holmes, you don't know, you've got no idea what's going on right—right under your nose—" Moran manages to get out before he collapses into laughter again.
“I believe it’s foolish to hope that they both survived.”
"I would assume so. From what I gather, you're very valuable to them. And you're the Golem. As I understand it, you're the
“Sherlock…”
"Hvala."
“Less…less than a fatal dose.” Sherlock slurs. “But my tolerance made that a little difficult. Wouldn’t want to…make this too easy for you.”
“I didn’t ask for you to tackle me, yet you did that.”
Newspapers had been plastered to her naked body with water so the ink bled onto her skin.
"Then he's still here."
else would've realised that they shouldn't trust an agency that pays in blood…" John let his head fall back into waiting hands. "I must be the most worthless person on the face of the whole bloody planet right about now—"
Sherlock feels a wave of violation as he stares down at the bare table.
He blanches.
"He informed me that he found a flatmate. He seems to be suffering under the delusion that you're supernatural." Mycroft says, smiling the grin used by a suffering parent to pacify a crying child.
The story changes, the picture shifting to a bright ball of light falling through the night sky.
His brother smiles, the one with a stilted chill propping it up. “Momentarily, I assure you. This won’t take longer than it has to—”
“No…no, no, I’m—I’m going to feel like this forever. I saw his ghost today, you know. He told me it was...was my fault...”
She ignored the barb, which was all Sherlock needed to know something horrible was coming. It was as if the fight had gone out of her completely, replaced with something great and hollow and sad. If John weren't so focused on hating her, he would see it too.
Lights are beginning to turn on in the surrounding flats as people wake up to the noise outside. John can’t let them see this. Even if they can’t see his wings, even if Azazel looks as much of a human at a distance as he does, they will see their bodies tear up the streets like sheets of paper and they will be scared. Azazel does well with scared; his forte, his mastery, is manipulating fear. It won’t end well, if they stay here. It won’t end well if people start to fear him.
The sentiment of John's words are lost on him.
“You’re here.” Sherlock murmurs into the sound of the warm summer night and the traffic outside.
There will be a moment in certain nights to distinguish them from the rest. He’ll be reading, and the words will begin to blur together. He keeps on reading, but not registering the words. The pages start to get heavy. His eyes shut for a moment, then open. He’ll look over at John, who sits unresponsive. Something will hurt in the heart of him, throbbing like a touched bruise somewhere deep. His lip will tremble, but he never knows why. Despondency laps at the edges of thought. He is overwhelmed by the idea that John might always be this way, and there’s nothing he can do to change it. He wonders if what he did was for the best, bringing John back. Wonders if he’s damned him to a crueller fate than whatever it was he came from. He asks himself if what he did even saved him from anything.
He can hear the snake smirk as if the air around its mouth audibly parts.
“Greg?” Sherlock frowns, bemused. “My name is Sherlock. Who is Greg?”
. This explained the biggest question of all. Sherlock was traversing the globe and so John followed, trying to find him, trying to find any kind of body that he could bury, but the grave was left open and empty, and John had nothing to fill it with. So he split from himself, sending one half to go lay down in the empty grave and wait while the other went out and filled more, filled the graves of those who deserved it—
. It's begun to rain, a light sprinkle that will soon turn into a downpour, but that won't help them much.
“And you were willing to risk your personal safety and health to make sure I came?” John shot back, frowning. “I told you why I wasn’t going to stay.”
They each raised their glasses and John took a sip, then nearly spit it out.
"I thought you would like the idea of being in the CIA, sir. People do not generally question American intelligence operations, do they?"
"Yes." John answered quietly. "I feel like a right prick, reacting the way I did. I should have known better."
“I know you didn’t.”
One by one, his cabinets, his mounds of gold moulded into other forms, imploded, the glass panes bursting outwards wholly, untouched, while the shelves shrank into themselves, rooting downwards into the floor to spring into green shoots and thin sprouts and tall trees. He walked in a daze through them, the panes shooting past him like rushing comets, like rays of light. Nothing touched him. His broken bare feet didn’t step on broken bare glass.
I’m in a hotel outside Dublin, if it can be called that. Sitting on the lip of the tub, cauterising the ends of my stitches. It wasn’t so awful this time; I’ve gotten better. I’ve watched John do it enough to know the basics.
for you.”
"No I mean…" John trails off. What did he mean? He's not sure. And he doesn't need to give more cause for Sherlock to call him an idiot, so it seems to be best kept ambiguous.
John planned to make good use of the fact.
He stepped into the bath.
"The third time?" John asked, looking down as water streamed down the sharp angles of Sherlock's face, so pale against his considerably tanner skin. It drizzled into his eyes but he made no move to wipe it away.
He turned, squinting into the light. The dark blur coalesced beneath the new glare of the electric lights into a familiar face, one he'd just seen earlier that day.
"They're going to try to break you."
"Are you alright?"
Lestrade sighs. "I'll do my best to keep this under wraps, Sherlock, but I need you to work with me
"Yes." Sherlock answered solemnly.
saved me my life. You took me out of Novgorod, showed me what the world was like, and it was just as I imagined. They were just as I imagined—"
"The phrase is we are in the same
"Wonderful." John croaked. "Just bloody fantastic."
“Your fight is very much with me. Jim let me sweat, but he got me out, didn’t he? You left. You left me and our brothers down there to burn and didn’t look back. And who said I wasn’t going to drag Jim down with me? If I’m going down fighting, I’m taking as many as I can with me.”
"Nevertheless, John, we can't ignore the fact that it was given to us, which means it was taken for that purpose; to let us know that we were being observed. So the killer does not take organs out of sentimental value. Now, as to what I said earlier, I do wonder if there is some merit to the fact that they are disfigured by something—or at least believe they look like they are. They are frustrated, and they want people to feel as ugly as they do, so they cut them open, make a scene out of them, and find that they sleep better at night, so they do it again. But then there comes the problem of practise. They know what they're doing and they know not to leave evidence behind, which suggests that they've done this before—or have thought a great deal about it—and that they work in law enforcement or otherwise watch a lot of mediocre crime shows and take notes. Yet they sent us that heart. Why? We know that they took it, so it wasn't a revelatory message, but they promised that my heart is next—honestly, they never learn to threaten anything else, why not my larynx, perhaps, or my spleen?—which suggests that they are familiar enough with me to presume they know where my weaknesses are. They're absolutely wrong, of course, but we can let them continue thinking they're right for the moment; I like to think of it as Black Down."
“Watching over me?” He frowns. “John is dead, he drowned—”
Sherlock nods stiffly. “His name is Thackeray.”
Right?
“You know,” He says by way of greeting, “that I wrote a thesis on the existence of Tenebests and other theological creatures in graduate school and the professor laughed at me. I really didn’t need the ridicule to know I failed the class, but it certainly didn’t help. I’d like to see his face right now.”
"Just one body? Are you sure?" Mycroft sounded worried.
"There's enough. I simply wanted to show you proof."
to John, so close, and neither of them even realised it. How
He looks over his shoulder ostentatiously, collar turned up. If they’re going for dramatics, he may as well fully commit to it.
Mary pursed her lips, clearly wanting to talk to him about other things, but she allowed the change of subject. That was one of the reasons why he liked her. She didn't pry.
The breath leaves his lungs as he’s swarmed with the residual sharp cold fear and claustrophobic terror that was all that remained of the late tenants of the flat, rooting him to the floor and pressing every molecule in him into each other, as if willing him to disappear from the weight of it all.
that he’d been turned into. Not that he was a leader, exactly—he didn’t have the fortitude for that—but he was no follower. He didn’t want to answer to anyone, didn’t want rules to keep him under someone’s thumb, and he wanted to do what he wanted, when he wanted.
He looks over at the boy, slack-jawed in slumber, arms curled into his chest, the stars dusting the lightening sky above his curly hair, dirtied and tangled from their frenzied flight.
“Yes.”
“I know you think that your actions are helping John, but the man is—”
"John—"
, it's the truth!"
"Die? No, we can't die. At least not in your sense of the word. Think of it though, if you can't bleed out, how can your enemy get rid of you?"
“Is there a way to keep doing it?”
"You let me burn, John Watson." The sandpaper voice came from the darkness itself, everywhere and nowhere. "And I plan on returning the favour."
“Ravished.” Irene answered with a shameless grin.
“Ah.” Sherlock seems to make a mental revision. “The dead girl. You’re in love with
It had been miserable for the both of them: Sherlock, stuck in Berlin, surrounded by the worst dregs of humanity, the terrors of fascism, blind incompetence, and ignorance, and John, volunteering to pull bodies from the rubble, clearing streets on a night crew, slowly going mad from the constant blood before he’d finally had enough of sitting home alone in the dark listening to sirens and anguished screams, and enlisted again. Suicide by proxy.
“Pardon?”
“Promptness is a virtue, brother mine.” Mycroft says in the distance, standing in an illuminated ring before a chair.
An obsession and a message. Interesting.
John let out a hollow laugh, all he could manage in his floating state, cut adrift from caring, from worrying what happened to him now. Sherlock was here, how bad could it get?
“Now then: I agree with Felix.” John said. “Poison may be cowardly, but it will do the work, don’t you agree? It is easy, simple…the man will be dead in ten minutes flat without any fuss.”
“Perhaps this is an impertinent question, but you never paid Mikheia for his services, did you?”
“Two days constitutes neither a close nor endearing friendship.”
“No, really, I mean it. You gave me the nicest meat locker you could find—”
Sherlock whirls around, his face pinched and solemn.
Why does that bother him?
He says it so easily that Sherlock wants to believe he says it to everyone.
“Watch the eaves.” He said lowly, though part of him knew better than to give surveillance tips to a veteran with centuries of military history. There was a high probability that John had already zeroed in on numerous potential hiding spots.
, have completed this assignment, so I don't know what they're getting at—" John stopped. "But you do, don't you Mary? You knew he was alive. You...you knew, didn't you?"
"There are other ways of torture that you can't see, Sherlock." John says softly and they both smell chlorine and semtex.
come all this way, had not put himself through hell and exile, to lose John before he found him again. Moran would certainly
Then so would he.
"No time for the quality stuff, I'm afraid." John said, pulling a rag from the steaming water to wipe away the streaks of blood covering the wound. "His aim wasn't as neat as it could've been. He missed the jugular, but there's still a fair bit of damage. I'm assuming you must have struggled. He nearly punctured your esophagus..."
, John, to let someone like me be your end. I’m not worth it, I’m not even worth being near you now, let alone…let alone being the period to the sentence of your life.”
?!” Mortimer shouts, hands running through his hair. “
Sherlock makes love to him then. John had been wrong to call it lovemaking before; that had just been sex, something to take up their time and pour their feelings into. This is making love. This is caring for someone, for showing them you love them, for showing John that they are now inexplicably bound in the way Sherlock looks at him as he twines their hands together in the space above John's head. Sherlock's gaze widens in a sweet look of amazement, as if he is astounded that John has agreed to this, to being his, and he releases himself, everything that he is, into him. He shudders and feels John wrap warm arms around his shoulders, grazing at his neck and face the way women do in Renaissance paintings, light and heavy all at once, a caress and a blessing, as John's body arches into him. Sherlock dips his head, grazes his lips over the salty hollow of John's throat before kissing him. John replies lazily, pliant from orgasm, and Sherlock tastes fulfilment on his tongue.
"Examination of the victim led to the discovery of an object embedded under the nail of the ring finger, left hand. The same as the others."
John Watson opens his eyes, bleary with pain and withdrawal, and glances down.
Harry stares at him blankly for a moment. “Whatever. I don’t have time for you right now.”
, would have gleaned some kind of insight from the detective as to home security, but here he was, staring at that little flickering screen as John fumbled around the kitchen as he fixed his tea at 5:45 exactly, on the dot,
John Watson. Such an odd little man. Moran had known him briefly when their tours intersected, but didn't remember if he had thought anything of him, which told him all he needed to know about his feelings towards him. Insignificant. Not heavy enough to leave an imprint. This made him unable to understand Jim's obsession with John's demise at first. Why would Jim lower himself to pay attention to the end of such a minor man? And furthermore, what did that mean for Moran himself, that Jim would no longer even give him the time of day unless it benefited him, dedicating himself instead to rather lower investments?
"You know everything. Why don't you tell me?"
"What did you do when you thought of me?"
Sherlock used his aloof attitude to distance himself from an issue, to give him a vantage point and clarity so he could spot and gather facts that his emotions blinded him of, but with John his mind was in constant fog and mist that hung over him like spider web, unable to escape, unable to burn away. He needed space, especially to clear his mind of the previous night's events, and John understood that, at least in essence. John, contrary to appearances, understood many things about Sherlock, like why he had allowed Mikheia to come with him to Bruges and then Leipzig (because nothing was ever just an
“I—maybe I managed to find one, maybe I used the radio—”
"Sherlock." John says beside him and he knows the tone.
. And then, once he reached the end of his list, he would start over again.
important things. You need a receptacle—"
"Sherlock," John whirls to face him. "Shut up.
“You seem to misunderstand the concept of
Just before he followed Lestrade up into the cab, he stops and takes a deep breath, closing his eyes as he categorizes the raw data. Douglas fir, pinewood, rust, but covering it all is something burnt and stringent—engine oil?
--//--
"Those three years were not a
Electrical circuits don't work without conductors, you idiot—"
Sherlock stepped forward, bringing a hand to outline John's face as they stared at each other. John let his fingers lace themselves with Sherlock's.
John lazily rolled over, keeping Sherlock beneath him as they kissed. Idly, while his brain was on standby, he tried to place the taste. Copper. The shine of silver, sharp and bright. Earthen, like cloves. The dryness of old paper.
“I told you, I’m not hungry.”
He smiled and hugged her. Her hair was soft and golden like a sunrise, but he wished it was the colour of midnight, lined with curls of ink.
The watery light of morning could barely drag its fingers on the floor, blocked by the thick curtains of a sparsely furnished room as the sun pulled itself from the foggy dregs of night, opening its great eye upon its sleeping side of the world.
“To remedy this situation?”
The handle stops jiggling and Quinn steps away from the door, his face calmly passive.
Something sliced through the man's bonds and they fell to the floor, clattering in the darkness.
? Your brother
Once, he'd lain in John's arms and imagined what it would feel like to have him underneath his body, head thrown back against the pillows as Sherlock moved inside him. He tries to touch himself one night, imagining that John is alive and solid under his hands, wrapped around him as Sherlock himself had once been, but his mind fills with the image of John's burned body beneath him, charred bones folded around his shoulders as he thrusts inside waxy cold flesh, stiff and unresponsive to his touch. His cock slips from his hand with a wet sound and he stumbles from his bed, dropping to his knees in front of the toilet as he becomes violently sick. His hands shake. He needs to go out, to find something that will make his mind float away, make it stop thinking these awful things.
Felix stepped up to him, laying a slim hand on his shoulder as he stared down into his eyes. The prince was tall and whipcord thin, and his blue gaze reminded him of someone he couldn’t afford to think about at the moment.
"Well by that account you shouldn't be surprised if I start sprouting feathers."
"Would you mind picking up the food then while I run to the bathroom?"
He will end this. Whatever it takes.
He barely ducked as John’s fist flew at him, striking the brick wall and leaving a dent in the rock.
“Oh, of course. The third wheel in your relationship.” Moriarty scoffed, joining his hands under the fur muffler. “There are a great many things I know, but your attachment to your pet does not rank among them. He’s a plain little thing. Rather boring.”
"And you believe them?"
After a briefly polite explanation to a very baffled but kind lady at the front desk in broken Serbian about how they would be very alright with one bed, they entered the elevator. John thought he'd had a heart attack judging by the way his heart shot into his oesophagus as the lift started, thundering to life with a sound like cannon fire. Sherlock, however, was unmoved.
Arms haul him up before he can get his balance and uncuff him as he’s thrown bodily into a chair, padded in so familiar a pattern that he recognizes it nearly instantly as a medical chair. Hands pin his arms down and buckle restraining straps around his wrists and ankles before he hears the whir of a rusty machine and he’s being tilted backwards. His gut clenches as his feet pass above his head.
Sherlock sits completely still for a moment, staring at the space Moran had occupied.
“I will…wait until later today to bring these matters to you.” Mycroft says, standing. “It seems you both should have time to, ah, catch up.” He looks at John as he passes. “Doctor Watson, I will text you the details forthwith.”
his heart stutters out, or perhaps he’s saying it out loud, because suddenly he’s kneeling before John, knee deep in muck and his hands full of face and jaw and flesh, and he’s never been happier, he’s never been more relieved that he’s gotten what he wanted.
John hesitated before he began. "I thought you had missed it, earlier, you know." He said quietly, scratching at his ear with a grimace. "I thought maybe you hadn't noticed, but then why would you? It's not a spot people think about, even though you
Before John can comprehend what he’s said, shots ring out from the loft above them, screaming through the air as bullets embed in the old wooden beams. John dives behind the saw horse, his eyes watering from the rising smoke. The metal bucket above his head upturns as high pitched shells burn through them, inches from where he crouches, protected only for a moment before the shooter spotted him. He wants to call out to Mikheia, find out where he found cover or if he did, but he can’t risk his position, precarious as it is.
He'd ask him later.
She doesn’t answer, eyes staring unblinkingly up at him. He knows this feeling, he’s had it before—the moments of realization that you will die with absolute certainty. That death has finally come for you and there’s no getting away.
—and everything blurred away into obscurity until it jutted back into sharp focus when it mattered to him again.
Sherlock shook his head.
"Business?" Sherlock guessed blandly, sealing the gauze wrapped around John's hand with tape.
He picks up the scalpel again and softly draws it through the fleshy innards in front of him.
Oh. He'd forgotten.
They both understood that Sherlock had accepted what John was saying; that he must forget him, focus on the task at hand, so they might become greater than what they once were, might finally live in peace without the threat of death or separation at every turn.
There. He said it. Or admitted, rather.
John peeled off the already soaked through bandages and reapplied new ones as he propped the man's leg up. He toyed with the idea of a tourniquet for a brief moment, yet the risk of necrotic tissue outweighed the situation. He finally settled on a hemostatic agent when the man began to talk.
This is too easy. He’s just sitting there, eating lo mein like I never left, like I didn’t destroy us both. He should be angry—he’d been angry, just not enough, not what I’d expected—goddammit John, give me something here, this is too easy, I know you, I do—
Sherlock heaves out a put-upon sigh, setting down his pen. “I’m sure I don’t know John. Your guess, as someone who is familiar with her, is as good as mine. The officer who arrested your assailant just returned with her a few minutes ago, so you can stop bothering me with this incessant questioning and go bother her.”
John’s gone.
John moves to shrug and winces.
“Ugh, what he saw in you, I’ll never—ha!” She retreats, pulling out a half-full stoppered decanter of scotch.
He'd bolt out of this cab and run to Baker Street if he thought it would get him there faster.
"My fever—how long have you been in here?"
“No,” Sherlock agreed, meeting him in the middle, letting them meet and come apart, trailing his mouth over the bobbing apple in John’s throat, the new inches of smooth skin as each button on John’s shirt opened. He felt something brush against his head and he glanced up as John tried to untie his cravat.
"Even if you don't love her like that, she's certainly got a fondness for you."
As the family began clearing off the table, Mikheia shrugged on his jacket in the tiny foyer. Sherlock stared at him.
Sherlock said nothing, letting his thumbs brush over John's jaw before he leaned in and kissed him, his lips sharply sweet with the dew of apologies and promise of compensation. The kisses were sleeping in Sunday, leaving early Friday, coffee after waking up at noon, fresh air on a still day, waking up to a smiling lover.
Sherlock's gaze remained fixed on the fire. "Isn't it a bit too hot for that?"
Then Sherlock bypassed the men's room.
Harry stares at him, mouth agape. “How the hell am I supposed to know? We don’t exactly have a club, you know.”
All those days of wondering, all those days of loneliness, and Sherlock had been just as alive as he'd ever been. How could John not have figured it out? How many times had he passed Sherlock in the street and not noticed? Relief should not feel this awful, knowing that Sherlock was alive and that the only thing separating them was an old brick wall. But it wasn't just the wall that separated them. It was circumstance. Sherlock was alive, and only because John had not killed him like he was ordered to.
“It was frightened!”
A woman is bound to the bed, limbs tied to each corner, the soft skin of her belly exposed. They wanted her to feel helpless, vulnerable. Alone.
"Spotted Necked Otter." Sherlock says lowly.
Upon the letter’s arrival, they needed no prompting to pack up their things and find the first night coach available.
A lone, well-manicured hand raises.
a younger brother.”
Sherlock stared down at him, unperturbed. "Marry me." He repeated, his voice low and solemn.
Sherlock continues as if he hasn't heard him.
He liked to say that often, as if to remind them, as if they could forget.
"We have no qualm with you. We only want to talk to that man that you have been helping. He knows where the Golem is, see, or we think he might be—"
"Reckon I look a right sight better than you do though." A low whistle. "Bloody hell, they really did a number on you, didn't they?"
"Could be a trap."
"No, not with absolute certainty, but I can make an educated guess. You're older than the typical doughboy. You yourself said you're from Iowa, which is hardly anything but corn and farmland. Pershing liked to keep the horses off the fighting fields because there weren't many to spare. Your left arm moves stiffly at the shoulder, and you're too young yet for arthritis. You were shot through the back, from a high angle, indicating a marksman aiming at a passing horseman. Stop me if I'm wrong."
There it is. That bloody
"I mean is your heart beating? Are your lungs working? Blood flowing, limbs moving, brain thinking?"
"Well if you open it and there's nothing
to leave you, you stupid man. Stop telling me I have to go.”
you.”
Suddenly alone, John tries not to feel forgotten. He sighs, imagining the cold house and that darkness waiting for him, swollen and tender with those awful dreams.
The star in his belly, the one he’s swallowed that burns from the inside out, has escaped.
"Sherlock, get down!" John shouted, grabbing the detective by the collar and pulling him in a narrow alley as bullets began to whistle and burn around them. He turned his back to the entrance and pulled Sherlock flush against him, cradling his head against his chest. Through the hum of adrenalin Sherlock could smell flour and blood and sweat, a perfumed cocktail that he never wanted to smell on John again. They would be having words as soon as this was over. If it was over.
The pot is half-empty, left burning for who knows how long. John must have forgotten to turn it off; Sherlock really must give him a crash course on electronics before he burns the flat down, but somehow his experiments are usually the greater perpetrators. With a huff of half-conscious frustration, he dumps the pot before searching the cabinets only to find he'd just ridden himself of the last of the coffee.
"I never claimed I was a saint." Sherlock sniffed. "But accusing me does not absolve you of what you've done."
"Did you order anything?" They ask each other.
“And how long have the two of you been conspiring to do that?” He said, narrowing his eyes. “John enlisted you to chastise me that what I am doing is not productive or right, to scold me like a boy caught stealing sweets. Please, talk to me like I know no better, and
Sherlock’s stomach drops suddenly as his throat tightens. All that he and John ever were was a mistake. John said it himself.
"You've found what, Henry?" Lestrade asks, trying not to let his irritancy at Henry's lack of necessary composure seep into his voice, and he notices Holmes' head dart up, looking towards him as he speaks.
“There is a void between us. I don’t like it.”
Was this what a crisis in faith felt like? He could only suppose that was it. His loss of the one sacrosanct thing in his whole life had been too large, had meant too much, and now what was he left with? An empty hotel room that he would certainly vacate within five hours (during his exile he had learned in Hong Kong never to stay longer than just to sleep and perhaps shower), loneliness, and a new person to dedicate himself to so he might destroy them as they had him.
“Mr Holmes,” Mortimer begins with trepidation, “You are a smart man. You’ve got intelligence radiating from your pores. Why did you come to me? Surely all of this had occurred to you.”
“Why is she dead, then?”
"I do not need a tell or show you how or where or why or when. It is obvious."
With an inhuman yell that tears from his throat he launches himself at Morarity, grabbing him by the lapels and slamming him against the floor.
John sighs and stands, shrugging on his coat as his wings fold snugly underneath it.
“Sherlock, listen to what you’re saying. You think a hotel is possessing you and telling you to kill me?”
"Angelo!" Sherlock called as the man in question returned with a fresh drink. "What do you have on the menu tonight?"
Sherlock shakes his head and says nothing, wiping the flannel slowly over John’s arm, easing the water over dry and heated skin.
specific. What’s it for? Just wondering.”
"You are not normally a smiling person. What has made you so happy?"
But how could Sherlock hope to protect him when he was the greatest danger?
"Mycroft wasn't allowing me any finances and I had to get out of the country immediately, what was I to do? Oh, don't look so scandalised, John, it's not as if this should be surprising in the least—"
"What makes you say that?"
"Are you a monster, Sherlock Holmes?"
"Sir," Donovan asks, siding up to Greg as everyone breaks off, wandering into their various duties. "Are you sure we need him here?"
“Yeah, your parents haven’t had anything to do with that.” Lestrade says dryly.
He disconnected. It was a game. It was just a game.
The shadow paused, as if it could hear John's heart beating madly against his chest, as if he could smell the sweat that slicked John's hair to his ears or feel the vibrations of John's pulse as it travelled through the floor like the tremors of an earthquake.
"You won't get an argument from me. Where?"
"There are violent scratches on his arms and blood under his nails." Sherlock explains. "Formication, more commonly called 'coke bugs'. Given a high enough dose or consistent abuse, you start to think there are things crawling under your skin, biting you, scuttling along your bones."
“I just don’t think—”
“I’ve forsaken a lot of things.” Azazel cuts in calmly. “Are you a puppet John? No? Are you sure you’re not? I see doubt in your eyes, you know. Ah…you don’t think…no, impossible.”
For I could not have shaken the touch of your breath on my arm"
John stared at him for a moment, his smile turning to something more bitter, wry. “It’s a surprise when we don’t fight…is that what’s become of us? Have we hurt each other so badly that this is normal?”
"Sherlock? Do you mind?"
“And that forgives all of this, does it? All that’s worth you throwing yourself over the falls and taking him with you, making me
"Shut up, John." He said finally, continuing to wrap the dry gauze around. "You are not at fault."
He let his mind go along with the memory as it flowed onwards, lost in his own thoughts, idly stroking John’s temple.
“Yes.”
Sherlock's murderous gaze indicated that he would do anything but.
"And what have you read, exactly, Sherlock Holmes?"
“One never knows with old dogs and new tricks.” Moriarty grinned, the dullness in his eyes brightening into a fevered gleam as he leaned forward excitedly. “What do you think it would take for me to get to him after all these years?” He asked with a manic smile. “What do you think I wouldn’t do?”
He looked down at John, still half-asleep in the pale dawn's light.
Sherlock didn’t respond, said nothing, because it was most likely the truth; a two-day long absence he’d thought he could afford was now looking more and more like something perhaps Moriarty had wanted: for him to come running to John when he feared for his life, just as he’d said;
"I feel like that all the time, John. About everything."
A dark gleam appeared in Moran's eyes, like the shine of blood. "There are many forms of survival, John Watson." He said as he drew his gun from his pocket and trained it on John. "You didn't put your vest back on, did you?"
Mikheia asked and the man paused, thinking.
"Oh, I don't think it should be more than a week or two. Just enough to gather and catalogue evidence."
"You thought nothing of someone needing a taxi at four in the morning?"
.” Sherlock scrambles to his feet and advances angrily. “What spectacular idiocy prompted you to think it was just a
"I know. I used to feel like that too."
“Well, um, this one here,” She carefully turns the dead man’s head to the side and points to the third injection mark. “It’s subcutaneous, but I can’t tell if they planned it to be or if it was an accident.”
"Mr. Holmes? All right?" A voice asks from the doorway. Startled from his thoughts, Sherlock realizes that his other senses had gone into standby, ignoring his surroundings as his attention was sucked down the drain of that stupefying golden ring.
"No, I know the consequences of lying, John."
That wasn’t to say that John didn’t heal. It had taken time, endless hours squandered away in isolation, lying in bed, silent conversations held between them without saying a word. They’d damn near missed the entire 50’s that way, together out of a warped necessity, shut away and dependent on one another to process the changing of the world.
“Georgiy and Sherlock are too.” Mikheia finishes, and John nods solemnly. “What will we do? We cannot explode another garage, there are not any around.”
"Consider yourself lucky." Mary said, standing and opening a plain folder that lay on the table in front of her. "Now that you're awake we'll be getting you out of here as soon as possible."
“I wasn’t aware you were lucid during that moment.”
"Come on," Mikheia said, taking his arm as gently as he could. "I'll make you something to eat."
The door swung shut behind him, yet when he glanced up into the mirror there was no one there.
Then he heard the chuckle behind him, low and deep and wrong, like scratching the needle on a record. He remembered thinking
“I’ve been
"It's alright if you, you know...drive on the other side."
“Is she alright?”
Sherlock's own room had fared no better, the cover and sheets of his bed crumpled in a heap on the floor, his dresser drawers thrown open and rifled through. His dreaded learning the fate of his sock index…
"Your estimations on my height were off by ten feet, Lestrade, as I am six, although that was most likely one of your attempts to highlight a physical quality of mine in a negative light in order to undermine me. As for the other statements you made, do you honestly think that I have gotten this far in my life without having some
"Mikheia, you know you're anything but a saddle boy."
But the strangest thing today
“You said there was one body.”
Kita stands at the other end of the hall behind him, leaning against one of the pillars, her body smooth in the light. She’s naked, ink curling over nearly every inch of her skin. She smiles. The water snake coiled between her breasts does the same.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, gaze glued to John, and Lestrade is too grateful that he’s won to care for a response.
." The voice whines like a child on the verge of a tantrum. "You'll just embarrass yourself. Nothing I've never seen before, either. Old news, I'm afraid." It yawns.
"Who in their right mind would go to Bruges?"
and they will get to you over my dead body!"
"To see how far they could push you. How far you'd go when you were unstable. If you would forget your morals."
"Yes."
"I didn't touch him."
His eyes meet John's.
"I can assure you,
She'd tried calling him from the nurse's phone, but every message went to voicemail. Billy didn't want to be found right now, but that wasn't going to stop her. She'd be damned if he tried to get through this alone.
"Do you? You're certain? You hid your notes so well, but nothing can't be found if I don't want it to be. I called your brother. He had some
"I had been having help from the covenant." Artemisia said as they climbed. "That is how you say that, yes?”
"John, I'll bet you're wondering why I used a tiger. And I'm addressing you, John, because Sherlock Holmes, being the man that he is, already knows why. Sherlock, kindly tell him, but only after I'm done as it's rude to interrupt. I hope the chase after it was beguiling enough. Speaking of, Watson, I hope Sherlock nurses you back to health as best he can. I don't want to kill you when you're half dead already by his hand. That's no fun at all. This has been the second warning, gentlemen. You have one left before I come out and play."
He glanced at his husband’s face, closed off completely. “No. Not right now, at least.”
John closed his eyes, breathing in slowly through his nose then out again. Although technically he had no use for it anymore, the motion calmed him, gave him a moment to think and consider what he was going to say.
Silence.
"I could skin him," came the soft breath. "That would be fun. And you know how I do love a good skinning. I could have you tied to a chair and pry your eyes open and have him strung up all pretty in front of you, like a rack of meat or a present waiting to be open. And I would open him, Sherlock. It would be as simple as slicing a papercut on him and then I would peel it. I would peel and pick and pull until he screamed, and it wouldn't take long for him to start, either."
“What do you mean? Of course I do. He’s a posh, annoying know-it-all that started as a happy surprise to my parents and an inconvenience to me.”
John pushed. The bone of their hips met, ground against each other, and sparked.
"I was charged with keeping you busy." Came the solemn voice.
He didn't know why he hadn't shot the fucker in the face right then and there.
“Same thing, technically.” He says and then groans at the pain as Mikheia prods at his side, picking out pebbles and splinters of wood that have lodged in the deep cut that runs along his ribcage. “But let’s go with stitches. Might be a chance of debridement, don’t want to risk infection…”
“This...thing I have upstairs.” Mortimer answers, padding back into the light. “It thrives on darkness. I try to keep it happy.”
"I did."
There hadn't been any DNA left at the first crime scene, but perhaps with this man a partial fingerprint would turn up or a drop of blood or hair follicle, although considering Anderson was heading the team the chances of retrieving anything remotely useful dwindled down to an almost negative amount.
"No, you're here to prove a point. You and I, we will live forever. I can guarantee it."
! I never asked for any of it, but you know what? It seemed like I did! Nothing went the way I had planned because life is so
Sherlock saw a shirtless man dressed in women's slacks running with his back to him and took a moment to process it. Must be the escaped prisoner he and Mikheia had heard about. He had hair like John's…similar body type too, but it was too muscular to be
The smile on Jim's face widens.
The lights overhead are extinguished as the café is overrun in a tide of darkness and people begin to scatter wildly, tripping through the chaos. John can smell fear and terror and blood. He smells death, cancerous and noxious, as it fills the air. He feels everything. He feels them dying.
But Sherlock had not taken into account that John would change. That John would not be the same man he knocked down that day, that John would rebuild himself using different materials, using the ones he could salvage from the wreck, and build a better foundation, a better machine, a better man. He had thought that John would remain a constant. He had foolishly assumed that John would just wait there for him for three years and welcome him back with open arms and a smile and a cup of tea.
"You don't owe me anything, but will you please go to Bruges for me? You'll be safe there. You can relax and do whatever you want. I can only grant you clearance for so long, so you have to leave as soon as possible." Her face turned softer now, the seriousness draining out. "I wouldn't be doing this for you if I didn't care, John. The agency wasn't thrilled about you getting caught, but they're not going to leave you to flounder."
“I’ve never seen you as a burden, John. You understand? Never – not in Norway, not in Paris, not now, not ever. You are the singular greatest thing the human race has ever done for me.”
"Hello, sir." She began, trying to keep her voice even. Having a gun waved in your face had not been entirely uncommon in her youth, but she had thankfully managed to forget the feeling until now. "If you are at leisure, could you please come downstairs, please? There is a—um—a parcel waiting for you."
"Alright, hold on."
he once possessed. It wasn’t decent, that goodness. Too incorruptible and uppity; too superior. He had to revise his definition of good when he was at war, when he realized that life is not black and white, no one all good and no one all bad. Well, almost no one.
As he stared into the flames, the curls of red and yellow as the carbon and air was consumed, he turned the question over in his mind. The one he was most afraid to ask, and wanted desperately to be answered.
"No, I do love you, Sherlock, I do. If you ever doubt anything in your whole life you should skip right over that because I will always love you, but you've just—fuck—" He laughed emptily. "You just don't know the
“I’m crackers.” John says and they both smile, but it’s heavy with something they’d rather not name. “But, until tonight, I’d never given it a second thought. You’re Sherlock, you’re crazy, and it’s what makes me mad for you. It’s what makes you
Night had settled over the grasslands. The black river water lapped slowly into the port, a long day unwinding into evening.
The room falls silent, save for the chairs creaking as all the men look to one another to see how they should react to the news.
"Show me, John."
“Thank you, Artemisia.” Sherlock scowled, turning to his mate. “John. We need to talk. Good night, Artemisia,” he added, speaking to their host as he took hold of John’s arm.
Not gonna lie, this song was on repeat the whole time I wrote this chapter. I'm not sorry. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozVcbIc5yWI
“Nonsense. I have bad days.”
“I didn’t want to hurt you.” That, at least, was the truth.
“Why…” John stops, closing his eyes. Composing himself. He looks tired. “Why did you attack me?”
“What do I do next?”
Later, he will jimmy the lock on a door in London, and, after placing a box of takeaway sushi on the counter, he will settle into a familiar chair in an unfamiliar flat. And he will wait.
“But you’d fucked half the city and fed from the rest.”
“Where will you go?”
Sullenly, Sherlock relents, taking the key as if it offended him.
at these new feelings—wait.
He was wrong.
"I Walked" - Sufjan Stevens
A noise clattered above him, on the next level, and he drew his gun as he headed up the ramp to the next level, passing by a decrepit elevator shaft that cocooned a rusting lift in its shadow.
"Looks like you need it too." He shrugged, holding out an apple. Sherlock, realizing he only had the two hands and both were occupied at the moment, set down the bread in favor of the waxen, shiny fruit. John watched as juice ran down his chin, the whole thing gone in only a few bites.
It hurts, not being able to beg for forgiveness. Not being able to look John in the eyes and
The man sat in his chair, clutching a Sig Sauer like a priest with his cross. Both methods were as ineffectual at stopping him as the other.
"Well you try texting when both hands are carrying coffee." John smiled as he set down the cups, his smile so different from Not-John's, so unburdened and clean. He walked over to the bed and cupped Sherlock's face, kissing him on the forehead. "Sorry you had to wake up alone. Especially after last night—well—this morning. I thought you'd like waking up to coffee better than my morning breath."
“Yes, that’s what it was! Anyways, this wasn’t so much of a problem—nowadays people get
, wouldn't you?"
He opened it, letting the door turn away before he followed his gun in.
!" The sheer forcefulness of Sherlock's voice stopped him. "Mary left Bruges because I told her to." Sherlock said calmly, hoping it was enough to stop him, hoping that the information was heavy enough to distract him.
She gives him his wallet, christens him with his old credit cards, his I.D., his identity, his life.
But this light
"Sure, I reckon you thought you had it well in hand up until you met your maker." A dark thought crossed his mind, the shadow of a cloud passing over the valley. "Unless, you know, you were looking to..."
"It's only logical." Sherlock says loudly, as if to dispel her name from the air of conversation. "Hundreds of years of soft philosophy and a patriarchal society have given them the upper-hand. Men tend to suspect other men in cases of extreme or excessive violence because they don't think to consider that a woman might be just as qualified."
"Is that what scares you? The fall, or what's waiting at the bottom?"
He can only let his head loll to the side in response. Sherlock's hands clutch at either side of his face.
He hesitates, pursing his lips as he taps nervously on the table, rings clinking against the wood.
if John wasn't there. If he left. John could be a wrecking ball spiked with shards of glass and Sherlock would push him back and forth until he had enough momentum to crush him where he stood. He would do it, too. He would let John crush him. Ensconce him. Consume him.
Sherlock bursting into the house after Mikheia had moved into the gunman's view from the window, Sherlock collapsing beside John as Mikheia cried out in pain, his shoulder bloody and raw, pulpy with destroyed muscle and exposed nerves, Sherlock at his side when he desperately tried to retreive his emergency medical knowledge and staunch Mikheia's wound, Sherlock beside him when Mycroft arrived, Sherlock quietly sitting next to him in the car, his hand covering John's as it rested on his knee (something that they both knew Mycroft noted), and then perched next to him, silently sedentary, in the hospital waiting room like a stone grotesque perched on Notre Dame.
"John!" He can't decide to lay him on his back or front; both look equally daunting, coated in rain and blood and shadow. "John, are you alright? Say something John, talk to me, please—"
John scoffs, thumbing at his program. The bruise on his collarbone is receding and his lip is healing nicely, though he’s missing the top button of his shirt and his jacket is creased.
"Hoće li živjeti?"
He settles in beside Georgiy, adjusting his feet so that he doesn’t kick Sasha, curled up and sleeping in the bed of the seat.
"The sun is different here." John murmurs, eyes still shut. "It's dimmer, muted, but it gives you life, not burns it out of you like mine does...you're hovering."
"I don't know; that seems to be the answer that you were expecting." John shrugs, but the way he looks at Sherlock, it's like he knows what he was really asking.
“Do you want to come up or not?”
He had found a dictionary.
The last of the sun was dying out as the battalion crested over the snowy hill; the sun set early this far north, and darkness reigned more often than not.
Another part of him quietly remembered that Mikheia had a shoulder injury that would not allow him to continue completing such a trick. There was only so far he could go.
“Can’t help you there much, I’m afraid.”
The one thought that kept him from losing all of his faith in Sherlock was the fact that he had done everything with good intentions, which was something he could not say with Mycroft, much less the agency. That one tether, however thin it was, kept his trust in Sherlock intact.
“No, I suppose not.”
"How human are you, John?" He asks, and his voice sounds distant, drifting heavily through the room.
“Yes! Yes, of course it was bloody
all our lonely kicks that make us saintly and thin
“John…”
“It was the easiest way for me to leave you.” He admitted, looking out into the dim, cold dark. “I didn’t do it to punish you – not really; I was trying to save myself. It was an act of self-preservation.”
"Greg!" He smiles, waving Lestrade over.
“I don’t
On the couch in the living room, Lestrade snored loudly.
Sherlock nodded. "If you feel like I am trespassing, you have the full ability to leave me and never look back."
"This glorified treehouse is your police station?" Holmes says loudly. "One stray match would burn this whole thing to the ground in an instant, you know. It'd do this forgettable little town some good."
“You forgot to turn off your phone.” She replies, stepping into the dim light.
"What?" He asks, pulling on an old leather jacket. "No. Out of the question."
Medical help was unwise. If this agency could find Sherlock in Bruges, they could most certainly find John in Leipzig. And even if it hadn't been the agency to do this to him, whoever it was had been left unsatisfied and bloodthirsty, and they would be on the prowl. Some of the cuts suggested that they had meant to kill John at the end. The thought made something inside Sherlock knot itself and turn cold. He had watched John as the train left Bruges, but he had been reassured that they would meet later, when John was conscious and healthy and whole, not when John collapsed at his brother's doorstep, every inch of him slick with blood.
“Sherlock, haven’t you had enough of having his fate in the air? Surely of all people you’d want to know—”
"John…you know I—I—"
Dead, all three of them.
"Sherlock, come on, he's still alive
He politely refused. He would rather live with the knowledge that Sherlock may return one day than not recognise Sherlock at all when he finally returned to him.
“He lied about his heritage.” Mycroft says softly to his brother. “If he doesn’t tell the truth about the menial facts, think on what we should expect about the ones that matter—”
"Mary told me that the agency had put me in the Kremlin."
"Ask me, then." He says, breaking into Sherlock's silence.
"Your brother…he has the brain of a scientist, of a…a philosopher—and yet he elects to be a detective. What might you deduce about his heart?"
Mikheia recoils, frowning.
The third time, John was reborn.
The red bricked Kremlin lay in front of John Watson, formidable in its simplicity and separated by the shimmering and calm, cool waters of the Volkhov. A local had given him a quite enthusiastic history of it before he finally politely interrupted and asked where he might find Yaroslav's Court was and perhaps a nice lunch as well. The local's answer was just as excited as if John had asked where he could find the entire history of Novgorod and then vigorously and extensively complimented his mother.
John was at the threshold to the kitchen, the cheap fluorescent lights over the stove illuminating the room in a low glow. He looked up at Sherlock, overwhelmed surprise in his eyes. A wisp of smoke rose from his shoulder.
“John.”
“Irene. What brings you here?”
"Alright, you love him." Mikheia stated again. "And he loves you?"
No, what surprised him was the thought that Irene, of all people, seemed to be behind it. But just as Artemisia was as perceptive as she was smart. She would not be manipulated by Irene, or anyone, if she didn’t allow herself to be first—something he admired, and that Sherlock hated. John was of the opinion that, should she choose to, Artemisia could easily dominate not only the politics of the human world, but theirs as well. It was a pity, then, that of the two times she had met Mycroft, what seemed like a perfect pairing both times had quickly devolved into a wraith of blood and barbed words.
“You came here after Austerlitz?” John interrupted. “
"It is currently 4:10 in the afternoon at the scene of the crime. The location is a disused train car about ten miles from town. There are numerous blood splatters indicating that the victim was struck multiple times with a heavy object; the clawed end of a hammer, then. In front of me there is a golden necklace with a ring hanging on the chain; there is a green stone inscribed with what looks to be a diamond shape between two triangles converging in an M shape.
“They
"I am very truly sorry for that. It was not my intention to steal you."
The room was dark when the door opened again. Mikheia blinked, willing his eyes to adjust as he dragged himself out of a shallow sleep. His shoulder burned like smouldering coals had nestled inside it and they shook around, setting his teeth on edge.
think about it. That was the problem. He would stare at that plain door and think of nothing else but what lay behind it.
"No…I know…"
.” John breathed, realization crawling on slowly. He let out a breath of astonished laughter, knocking his head against his husband’s collarbone. “Artemisia spiked the dinner.”
"Molly Hooper."
John has to push down the oncoming smile at Mikheia’s choice of words, instead choosing to jump into the cold pool headfirst.
24 hours ago, Rachel Wilson was still alive.
and placed it in that room that John would never go into if it meant that he wouldn't think about it. But he
"Irene Adler."
!" Sherlock shouted, his voice booming around the bare skeleton of the building.
"Ah, yes. About my deployment; I didn't serve with the U.S. Army."
“Yeah, sure,” John snorts. “That’s about as bloody subtle as a wild west showdown.”
John narrows his eyes in suspicion.
Harry stares at the gate. That is, simply, all she does. She stares. Doesn't blink. Doesn't move. Stares. A vein bulges at her temple, and her cheeks grow red. Gladstone tilts his head and Sherlock lays his hand between the beast's ears. He's gotten so big—almost up to his chest now, and that's only when he's sitting. John would be proud of these things he's saved, side by side in his aftermath.
“I’m good, actually. Had enough of that today.”
"I needed to talk to you, sir. Alone."
There's a faint vibration, as if from a phone, and the voice tuts.
"But…but if I was, if I had anyone to thank for you, I would. Every day. I'd thank them for you. Although, since that's quite counterproductive to my current viewpoints, I'll just have to abide by thanking you for you."
Sherlock felt bile churn in his gut at the memory, at the feeling of being a passenger in his own body.
"Time…" She murmurs. "Time…uh, it would have—would have been around nine at night. Nine PM. Yes, nine…o'clock…."
“Kosovo Hospital—honestly, Sherlock, calm down there’s nothing they can confirm for you there that you don’t already know—”
The crowd was thick at the hour. John was just short enough that if Sherlock looked back in a glance he wouldn't stand out, but there was no mistaking that tall, lean frame for someone else.
He'd learned his lesson with the agency, but he hadn't even begun to wrap his head around his and Sherlock's situation.
"Wonderful. Always wanted to go to Russia."
"Yes it is."
Sherlock felt an amused grin flicker up.
"I've done something terrible," she said quietly. "Something I can't undo."
but he ignored it, ignored everything as he slid under the water.
He feels himself being lifted, moved somewhere. Sherlock shouts for something. He wants to tell him it's alright, everything's alright, but he can't seem to get the words out.
might not,” Moran says, rubbing at the gnarled stubble that might have been called a beard at one point, “But Holmes’ brothers certainly do. That bastard and his posh prick brother almost had me earlier when I was at the hospital, I even considered—
Moriarty smiled back, his grin widening. “We are so attached to our pets.”
“Because you were not telling truths, a little.”
"Yeah," John replies dryly. "And lately I've developed a keen interest in large hats and I've kept myself up at nights thinking of how to successfully invade Russia."
“Soon, we will have someone who needs your medical service. You will comply. Do you understand?”
“Well, I do live here most days out of the year, yes.”
Down the hall, light shone through a cracked door. John sat on the bed, his back turned, and Sherlock stood behind him, unravelling more gauze among the scattered medical supplies for the second time that day, technically the first of the new day considering the lateness of the hour.
He wonders what happened to John. That's what he most regrets, what will haunt him as he's torn apart and bleeds to death under this creature's teeth. John. That he never got to say goodbye, that John's face is not implanted and burned into his mind as the last thing he sees like he wanted him to be.
“I don’t think I can get up right now. Come back for me later.”
Thus, when security attempts to take out a natty journal from Sherlock's bag—which lead to a vicious "donttouchthat!" from Sherlock as he snatched the shoddy, sad-looking book back—Mycroft knows why.
Sisyphus would not envy their task.
“Okay…damn…see how I’m holding my arm?”
), so despite everything he’d done, despite the fact that he’d been trying to save him, he’d
, John. It's the basest, most pathetic means of affection. You
"And you know this from—"
The almost-doctor frowns in contemplation. “The middle choice, perhaps. Though, before we go on, I must ask you Mr. Holmes...why are you here? It’s nearly 3 in the morning, you brought a Tenebest with you—a creature, I might add, that existed only in my dreams until a half hour ago—and you ask questions about the Nephilim and the bridge between realms? Who are you?”
"Why—why am I—?" Mortimer turns to Harry. "Oh my god, you didn't tell him, did you?"
After his talk with Mikheia, that horribly distant talk that would save that boy's life, he had talked to Mycroft.
"That is what people do in times of crisis. When they have no control."
"And what—um—what does that mean exactly?"
That worries Mycroft the most; that what may very well be the best thing in his brother's life may soon be gone and he'll be left on shaky ground when he had wobbly knees to begin with.
Lestrade and John look to him with twin befuddled expressions, waiting for him to continue.
"I don't know. On good days, I suppose he did. Most days, he just tolerated me. I always wanted more. Didn't want to share." His eyes turned to John. "Then your madman came along and I knew I was done. Jim looked at him in ways he never looked at me. In ways Sherlock looked at you." Moran shook his head. "I was pushed aside, but I stayed because dedication is something you and I are quite good at. They needed soldiers, and there we sat, waiting and ready for them."
He wondered how many things he could delete before striking out his soul entirely. First patience, then sympathy, then politeness, then kindness… (Fa1 then Fa2 then Fa3, etc. until the conditional is negated).
He banged open the doors and rounded the corner to an empty corridor, as he had suspected it would be. He hurried to the end of it, where four halls intersected, and passed through the silence before a dark movement caught his eye.
"Excuse me—oh bugger—"
Of all the things he’d assumed they would be doing in Venice, breaking into the library hadn’t factored into the list quite yet.
"Any DNA matches?"
that timidly concludes your beauty."
to listen to John or Sherlock if he didn't want to, but he respected them too much to disagree. He knew quite well that they were smarter than him in the ways that either his youth or education had denied him. But he had felt so isolated, so trapped, before Sherlock had let him join his adventures, and now it was like he had looked away from the sun and everything was dark and he couldn't see anything as it used to be, only cast in shadows of disappointment.
"You think they would've let me live?" He asked, amused.
“Warn me about what, precisely?”
"Hope he is. Bastard." John coughed.
Water trickles through my feathers, breaching the patterns cold ice cold never want to be cold again I’m screaming there’s no sound and I am becoming nothing the pain is breaking me down dirt stirred up into water carried back and forth into the current spread my bones through the water just let this end this pain I can’t live through this someone kill me something kill me
"You're too good for purgatory." Sherlock said plainly. "The Devil would be so lucky to have you."
She shrugged, sitting back down across from him.
“John…”
“I’m still mad.” John admitted. “But we’ll get through it. You’re not off the hook, though.”
“John, this hasn’t happened before we came here. I’ve never acted this way before.”
He still has to heal. He still has to pester Sherlock to answer his questions about Emma's brother. He still has to learn what it means to be in love with a man who infuriates him as much as he endears him. He still has to learn all those things he thought he would lose in that lonely and desperate car ride.
"Funny name for whiskey," John mumbled, knocking back the glass in one go. "Another please. I believe you owe me one."
Sherlock doesn't miss Lestrade's flinch at his failed aversion, but the sheriff greets the man nonetheless.
“Yes.” Sherlock agrees quietly, turning his head in acknowledgment as he stops his leg’s minute shakings. “Quite.”
A bitter smile grows on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock's hands hesitated.
“Ever.”
He'd drifted in and out of dark, murky, shimmering dreams that felt like he was floating in the boiling sludge of gaseous stars, adrift in the mud and muck of the universe before he'd finally surfaced out of the driver's sphere of influence and the fog lifted from his head.
He faintly hears Sherlock call his name before he flies. He knows he promised him his first flight, but this is different. As badly as he wants Sherlock to be in the air with him, there might not be a chance for a first flight if he doesn't do this.
"No, no, I think you'll pass with flying colours. I'm concerned with what happens afterwards."
"I knew it was you." Sherlock said. "In that church in Bruges. I knew it was you as soon as you spoke, I knew by your voice, by your silence, by your footsteps. I knew."
"What gave me away then?" Sherlock asked and to John it sounded like he assumed he was humouring him.
He looks to his brother, turns over the card once, twice, in his palm.
"I was certain I had ensured the same with our dear friend as well."
“Artemisia. The
Sherlock ignores the bold hunger in his stare.
John snapped awake, turning to groggily look up.
A bark of a laugh escaped Moran's rough throat. "They'd never let me go back. I burned a lot of bridges when I left."
"You," he repeated. "
"You might have written and simply spared yourself the theatrics." Sherlock intoned, following close to John in case he needed to intervene. Although their bond churned and frothed like capsizing waves, John still had a tight grip over the dark water.
"Maybe that's what hell is, the entire rest of eternity spent in fucking Bruges."
idea to bring him here?”
“I’m not trying to trick you, John. You know our kind don’t have much experience with good. You may be the first in centuries to truly know it.”
He sees John Watson standing before him.
It was unnerving to see him this way; the last they had seen each other, he had been as haughty and imperious as ever, stubborn and malignant. To see him now, so utterly opposite, distraught to the point of silence, hunched over his husband as if nothing else were of any importance, it was quite different; an intimate portrait of grief. He himself had rarely doubted his brother’s loyalty to his mate, but he’d never seen the depth of it so fully and nakedly on display – not even in Berlin when he had gone half-mad, unwilling to listen to reason, certain John had been executed by the Wehrmacht. He had thought that knowing Sherlock his entire existence would have uncovered every nook and cranny, yet a hidden facet still presented itself and he found that he no more understood who his brother really was than he did the true significance of the presence of John Watson in his life.
The sun would be rising soon. There was no way to know if either of them would live to see it. He could feel the threads of their bond waver like a wind passing through a spider’s web, as strong and resilient as ever. Yet his thigh ached, pinched in an unyielding scorch of irate nerves and destroyed tissue. It was a good sign that he had been talking; perhaps if he kept on long enough he could watch as John’s eyes opened, that smile rise on his face, better than sunlight.
"You're a man, Sherlock, not a parrot." John said, and it took a moment for Sherlock to realize he was teasing him. So he was teasing now. A good start on John's road to trusting him again.
“Holmes tried to get Billy before he left.” Lestrade says, reaching down underneath his seat. “Managed to snatch his jacket.” He pulls it out, showing the other two the tag, clear under the lights: WW. “Molly, do you know where he went?”
He felt the bullet burn past his cheek before embedding into the shoulder of the man behind him that Sherlock had not noticed until he felt blood his splattering on the back of his neck.
That had been three years ago.
"I needed a name," Sherlock bit back, "and I got it."
John looked up at him, the light catching in his face.
“The darkness here is much more interesting.” He mutters hazily.
John looks up at him and smiles. Mycroft smells his mother's perfume and his father's study (he would reach the higher books so Sherlock could catalogue their scent), smells linen drying in the summer wind (Sherlock, the amateur geologist, would find rocks to add to his collection, which he kept next to his wooden sword and eyepatch), and he feels safe. He feels home.
“I do not think you have a choice.”
Nothing happens.
"Where's—oh Christ." John's voice trailed off and Sherlock glanced up to where he was looking, his face crestfallen.
John returns...in a decidedly Not-John Way.
"Of the filial Johnson-Haits. Those posh English types that use three names a various numerals afterwards to denote the appearance of wealth, although in this case it's entirely appropriate since this particular family owns a good amount of London."
"You're a rotten sonofabitch, you know that?"
Sherlock leaned forward, his fingers steepled.
,” John continues, “I started looking through all the locations. I told myself it was for a lark at first, and some of the more obviously outlandish ones did make me laugh at the thought of you in them, but some…I don’t know, some had truth to them if you looked logically at it.”
“He mentioned it.”
*   *   *
“You should not be stressing your wounds, sir.”
“I wasn’t running from you, Mr. Holmes. I was running after someone else.”
John shut his eyes and when he opened them, everything seemed clearer, every detail sharper and more defined. The moonlight was bright against the smoke of the still-smouldering remains of the assembly plant. When he spoke next, his words rung out through the emptiness.
. Something, some nerve inside his chest, is whispering to its twin in his brain that John is not coming back, yet some other enemy plots against it and tells him to be patient, to learn from this James Mortimer, to hold out hope against the raging waves that crash on him every night, when he lies awake and knows he is alone in his flat, and he knows that there are spaces that should be filled that aren’t anymore.
“No, they wouldn’t, would they?” The prince hummed, examining a piece of whitefish as he speared a potato onto his fork. “People can be so…limited in their scope of self-expression. It’s rather boring.”
"Better. Gravity's working on it again."
Mikheia said nothing, letting the raging detective rid himself of the steam that had been building up inside him for three years.
He looked up and froze. The muted morning light that had escaped the improvised curtains was leaking through, and Sherlock was standing in the middle of the room beneath it, hands folded neatly behind his back, head tilted up. A strange expression had appeared on his face, the ecstasy of the angels looking heavenward.
“Off to hide in his coffin, then?”
He gripped the sides of the cuffs again and pulled up before letting his whole weight drop. The chain was straining, bending under the stress. He pulled up and dropped once more and it snapped, sending him tumbling to the floor. He took a few precious seconds to breathe a great lungful of air again as blood pounded again in his arms, pulsing like a gush of cool water.
John glances over to Mikheia, who has the face of a martyr as he reaches for the doorknob, the face of a hanged man the moment the lever is pulled and his body drops down, in the space between blinking and breaking his neck.
Then, somewhere, a light is turned on and weakly filters through what he realises is a thick burlap sack that’s been tied around his head.
--//--
John hesitated before he answered. The lack of Sherlock's acknowledgment of his feelings probably stung more than a little bit.
“Well, at least we know your ears still work.”
“What did you do?” Sherlock asks, not without a quiver in his own voice.
The rope slacked as John stopped climbing and the man took a deep, stuttering breath. John leapt down from the tree and grinned.
He felt as if he had just open-mouth kissed a column of the Tower of Babel, language flooding from the salt pillar into his senses. Sherlock's mind was flood with warmth, with a sudden rush of a language he'd long overlooked. Fingers tight in his hair—
“All victims to human circumstance. If they had lived, they would’ve been the same men who created the bomb.”
Sherlock's eyes snap open.
John had stepped forward then, raising a gloved hand to wipe a droplet of blood from the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. He’d watched as John drew it to his own and sucked it off his thumb, fangs just visible in the moonlight filtering in through the canopy. Although he had just eaten, he hungered.
YOU HAVE ONE VOICEMAIL
The ember smoldering away in his stomach began to heat. This feeling, he had forgotten, was happiness. He leaned down, pressing kisses from the bridge of John’s nose to the dip of his mouth. John’s hands came up from where they had been trapped between the two, rooting his fingers in the dark curls as he drew them closer together.
He knew that already. He knew that John loved him; had known it since the beginning. So why was it so different now?
Jim inhales heavily though his nose, his eyes never leaving the detective's form.
"He knows the Golem's real name?"
"You could say that."
“Tell me. Mycroft,” Sherlock demands, colour rising to his cheeks as his voice wavers. “
," she said, and the fool dropped into the grave, closed its eyes, and stilled.
"Cause of death?" He asks as John pulls on a pair of gloves and steps forward to kneel beside her.
“There’s a lady here too, you know.” Harry mutters indignantly.
"Most likely. I've never had to test that out though, but some of my more—ah—aggressive brothers have."
Sherlock stares out into the waking London for a brief moment, wondering where in all that grime and life John is. He wonders if he can see it from the view here. Maybe, when he finds John alive and whole like his best scenario entails (which is dwindling by the hour), he can take him back here and point it out.
His last memory of John floats up, unsummoned. His white body, the loose feathers sleek and smooth as they touched the face of the rippling river, looking like a drowned Delaroche martyr as his pale skin sank beneath the murky black water. The night had been particularly bright, then. Sherlock remembers staring at the stars as his brother and Lestrade carried him out of the water. He'd never asked what had happened to the body, but Mycroft would know surely, there had to have been a recovery...could something that had never been there the same way carbon and air was there be truly recovered?
