"You know, taking my dad's name in vain maybe not such a good idea when praying to the angels for help Dean-o."
"I don't know."
"What are you scared of?"
"Hello Dean."
Dean shrugged.
He smiled and rubbed his hand up Cas' back and along the sinuous hide of his wings.
"I met mom."
Dean hadn't wanted to go back. But he also couldn't leave Sammy. Not there. Not with
"I was merely resting in order to recharge."
"Merry Christmas Cas."
"Yeah?" he answered in an as off-hand a manner as he could manage.
"Again?" he asked as he fished a change of clothes out of the bag and moved over to the bed, pulling Cas back up into a sitting position as he started to pull off his clothes.
never deserve.
Gabriel had attempted to encourage Cas to go back home with him, just to visit, but Castiel had remained firm on his point and Gabriel had eventually gone graciously after shoving his new number into Cas' hand and eliciting a promise to call him.
"So what?"
"It's supposed to help you sleep."
"Hey." He greeted, and both Jody and Cas held their fingers to their mouths, gesturing to the bed in the far corner where Dean was sprawled out, still fully clothed and fast asleep.
"Sort of." Dean answered and Sam raised his eyebrows in an unspoken invitation for Dean to elaborate. The older Winchester sighed and sat back in his chair, tapping his hand on his legs and averting his eyes.
Sam brought him up to speed while Dean splashed water on his face to wipe away the last remnants of tears, and to wake himself up.
Dean was looking at him murderously and Sam knew that as soon as Dean's relief over the fact that Sam had miraculously survived faded, he would get more than an earful from his brother.
"Dean—"
"You think I let you go off to College without checking up on you? Please."
He started down the road. Despite the fact that he knew every step was one step closer to Dean, he could not help feeling like he was attempting to drain the Pacific Ocean one teaspoon at a time.
Sam felt a strong jolt of shame at the mention of his actions from three years before.
Castiel looked at Dean and Dean nodded, gesturing to his little brother. Cas turned and raised his hand to Sam's forehead. He flinched away and looked at Dean.
Dean let out another chuckle and continued to pet the wing joint, each stroke eliciting another string of pleased noises from the angel.
She smiled and shut the motel room door. Dean turned to find Sam and Cas giving him questioning looks.
"They do not exist on a plane that most humans can perceive and interact with, and angels do not engage in physical contact unless in battle or for more carnal purposes."
Castiel looked down.
“Can I ask you something?”
This one takes place before 7x08. No Cas but he will be in the next one I promise.…
"So what happened to Chuck?" Charlie asked.
"But why? I mean, if I can't—"
He spotted his phone sitting on the table and picked it up, tapping the on button and staring at the photo that came up. It was of the two of them from a few weeks back, hanging out and watching Game of Thrones. He had looked down to find Cas looking up at him, blue eyes wide as he took in Dean's face and Dean had stared back, hypnotized, unable to look away, until he heard the artificial shutter of a digital camera and looked over to see Sam with his phone up, snapping pictures. Dean had lunged for him and they had rolled around for a while, wrestling playfully for the small device. Eventually Dean had grabbed Cas, and the three of them had ended up tumbling over the side of the bed, landing in a tangled mess of limbs and out of breath laughter.
Dean looked up at his brother to find that Sam's bitch face had been replaced by his pleading face. It was the face that meant Dean would be sleeping on the couch because the motel room Dad got only had two beds or that Dean would be going without supper because there was only enough food left for one of them. It was the face that Dean could not say no to thanks to the endless mantra of
"Because it isn't for me, Dean. If we are to do this, I want it to be intimate, loving, caring. A connection of souls as much as a connection of bodies. A celebration of true, human intimacy and not something to be entered into lightly. I thought you wanted that. I thought that was what we were working on, but was that even what you meant? Or did you just want some casual fuck that you can just bang and leave? No feelings, no love, just adios! Is that what you wanted?"
"No problem." He said and it really hadn't been.
Sam insisted on watching
"Cas."
And Castiel had to admit to himself that he did find Dean attractive.
"Goodnight Dean."
Cas shook his head.
“Sometimes.” He shifted to lean against the bannister, perching on it and looking out at the sea of junkers that littered the lot, “Sometimes I’m worried that I’m moving too fast. I’ve been with Dean over two months now and yet it hasn’t even been a year since I lost my wife and child.” He looked up at her with concerned blue eyes, “Does that make me a bad person? Am I forgetting about them too quickly? Have I moved on too quickly?”
"Well? What did you think?"
Cas considered Dean's plea. Perhaps he was being overly cautious. Perhaps Dean didn't need time. Perhaps he just needed for it to be his decision.
"I c'n feel th' earth m'ving again, Dean." he commented as Dean came back with the bags.
Sam was staring at him with a raised eyebrow and self-satisfied smirk on his face.
"What can I help you with?" Crowley asked, taking pity on the overgrown Winchester.
"Dean-"
The words burst from him in a rush as the nervousness coalesced into blinding fury. Fury at his father for what he’d done and fury at the memory of his brother, his big brother, who had always been the strongest person Sam knew, his brother crying and trembling in his arms as he relived what their father had done to him. John Winchester had achieved what every demon and monster he'd ever come across couldn't. He had brought Dean to his knees and broken him.
"So, what did you do about it?"
Cas turned and spotted the witch standing behind Dean with her hands outstretched.
Dean reached out and gently brushed over one of the few feathers still clinging to the wing. It was softer than Dean thought possible, and Cas shivered as his fingers trailed down them. He paused.
"Yeah, I'd tell you boys to stay out of trouble, but what's the point?"
Sam hesitated before nodding and sitting forward. Cas touched two fingers to his head.
Dean felt his cheeks burn and he shrugged.
Dean sighed and bit his lip, resting his hands on his hips, clearly as uncomfortable with the situation as Crowley was.
"Cassie." he said softly, Dean would say almost fondly if he didn't know Gabriel as well as he did. "What have you gone and done now."
"Yeah." Sam said, stepping around her to make introductions, "Charlie, this is Kevin Tran, Prophet of the Lord, Kevin this is Charlie Bradbury, computer hacker and LARPer extraordinaire."
“Congrats little brother.” He said, patting the gigantor’s cheek and smiling before moving over to hug his future sister-in-law.
He thought about the house they had just left and the memories that had come back to him as he'd walked the halls. He'd never had a home to go back to apart from their house in Lawrence and, of course, his baby, but coming back to that place and being inundated with half-forgotten scenes, memories he had pushed down when he'd walked out of that house the last time, ripping himself away from the first chance he'd had at a happy normal life. It had been intense and thought provoking.
"Uh, Utah... Baker, Hill Valley."
"The crazy guy." Metatron explained. "Big knife. Kablooey. I'm fine, thanks for asking, but Gadreel is wounded, and Tyrus, the other faction leader, R.I.P. His followers are not your biggest fans, by the way. They've all come over to my team."
Dean turned and rushed to the fallen angel lying crumpled and still in the corner of his room.
"And you need to leave to do that?" Dean asked, his tone edging on vitriolic.
"If you want me to stop I'll—"
“Yeah. One of his brothers tracked him down. The truth kind of came out.”
"What about last night?"
Cas shook his head.
"Then I'll go with you."
Castiel averted his gaze, squinting out at the barren brush that surrounded the back of the Roadhouse. Gabriel showing up so suddenly had stirred up everything that he had been desperately trying to keep a bay. But it had brought him something else too, a realization that, try as he might, he could not escape the past, he could not deny what had happened to him, what he had lost, no matter how difficult or painful it may be to face. He thought about the man sitting next to him, the man who had been his rock and anchor, who had kept him afloat all these months without even knowing why. Castiel couldn't believe how lucky he had been to find this man who had been
But at the same time he knew it would come at a cost.
He felt Cas nod against his neck before pulling away, pain shining through his eyes.
"There's a character called Clarence in the movie." Sam explained, "He's an angel who helps people. Well, one person. It's what Meg used to call him."
"It's a technique for falling asleep. The idea is, you do something really monotonous, like counting sheep, and it's so boring that you just drift off. The trick to falling asleep is that you can't think too hard about it, you gotta just let it happen."
Dean shifted and swallowed, his eyes bright with withheld tears.
Jody shook her head.
Unfortunately Dean's an idiot and things are about to get worse.
"Please." The former demon begged.
They stood in silence for a beat after Metatron had departed and then Dean turned to Cas and grabbed him by the shoulder.
"Then one day, Dad came home unexpectedly. He was supposed to be away on a hunt but he'd managed to wrap it up early and he walked in on Mike and me…" Dean swallowed, his breath quickening as he relived the memory. "We were just making out, but Dad…he freaked. At first, he was angry, yelling and throwing stuff. Mike got out of there fast, I never saw him again after that. Then he just stopped and he got real quiet. He asked where you were and when I told him you were at a friend’s house…he said 'so you're ditching out on your duty of taking care of your brother to go whoring around with the local faggots?' And then he just kept at it. Calling me every name he could think of, saying he raised me to be a man, not some faggot-fairy," Dean’s voice began to break, "Saying mom would be ashamed of me and for once he was glad she was dead so she didn't have to see what her son turned out to be."
Dean smiled and caressed his cheek.
He pulled back, staring into Castiel's unbelievably blue eyes.
He cleared his throat.
Sam launched himself at Dean and the older brother laughed and clapped him on the back.
"Don't be so sure." she answered.
Cas moved around her to the door but Robin stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.
"But I don't want to hit you, Dean."
"Just…going that long without any kind of physical contact…" Dean trailed off. On the whole he wouldn't consider himself a touchy feely kind of guy. Sure he liked the odd hug from Sam, and he had fond memories of being held by his mother, and Cas well…Cas was a whole other matter. But to live an entire existence devoid of any kind of touch?
Dean wondered if he'd passed some sort of test. Or failed.
So everyone sat down to Christmas dinner. It was being held in the library, as that was the only place in the bunker with a big enough seating area, with Jody and Crowley at one end, Dean, Cas, and Sam in the middle, and Kevin and Linda Tran at the other. And, though the atmosphere started out tense and awkward, it soon relaxed into cheery conversation and banter with stories and laughs being shared.
"You don't have to like him, or forgive him. Just accept his help."
Dean didn't have any words. He just stared back at Sam with eyes dulled by the memory. Sam didn't say anything else, just moved aside so Cas could settle down in front of him. He didn't say anything either, just pulled the hunter forward, wrapping his arms and then his wings around the silent man. And then he opened his mind and flooded Dean once again with the immeasurable wealth of feeling he had for the hunter. The love and devotion, the fondness and tenderness, the lust and passion and respect.
"Sure. Why not? Brian. Great name." He looked back at Cas and his exuberant expression, and felt the joy flowing through the connection and couldn't help but smile himself. "Besides, he wouldn't be a pet of yours without a name like Brian."
Takes place during 9x08.
Charlie ducked her head and glanced over at the woman standing a few feet from them.
to the end of it. He smiled for a moment at the unexpected feeling of warmth that coursed though him at seeing those two names written out together before he replaced the pen and handed the clipboard back to the woman. She beamed at him, and he glanced over to find Sam and Dean looking at him.
Crowley raised an interested eyebrow, but said nothing.
Cas looked up at Dean.
Crowley nodded.
Sam raised his eyebrows.
"Well, I'm not ready to lose you. And you shouldn't give up on Cas that easily. Now come on."
He held up his hand and a blue light shone out, illuminating the wood and the foreign shapes written there.
"Asariel, Purah," Gadreel greeted, "make way."
"Gadreel is dead." Castiel informed.
Ellen and Jo showed up not long after and soon the house was filled with conversation and the smell of turkey roasting.
"Hey Jody, you remember Crowley?"
"You died, Dean." Cas explained softly, smoothing a hand over his cheek.
"Cas!"
"You can save the humble-pie Jesus routine for somebody who gives a damn." he quipped.
"And what makes you think you can stay here?" Dean countered.
"I have no idea."
"I just thought it would be a nice thing for you guys to celebrate. Together."
"You're going to be all right now." he whispered, exhaustion stealing his strength before he collapsed to the floor.
"Look! I didn't ask for this all right? I didn't ask to be saved! I didn't ask to be cured! You went to hell for four months and it felt like forty years, well I've been dead for three centuries! You cannot imagine what you have done to me!" his breathing was heavy by the time he finished.
Dean sighed, but nodded.
"Dean?" Cas said slowly, his hands held up in a pacifying gesture.
"My car stopped a few miles from here, inexplicably. I ran the rest of the way here."
!"What are you talking about?" Dean asked, body trembling as he listened to the wheezing of Cas' breath.
"Yeah, my childhood was pretty…unorthodox."
"Thanks Dean." He said softly, tracing his mother's face, the face of a woman he had never known except in pictures and vague memories and Dean's words. "Here."
“Because Sam’s dying in there.”
Dean looked up at the prophet.
And as always huge thanks to Rainbow Fruit loop for Betaing.
Castiel nodded.
"Thank you Sam." He answered, staring at the box before sliding his fingers beneath the folds of coloured paper and unsticking the tape as gently as he could manage.
His eye caught sight of the white bandage that peeked out from the sleeve of the shirt he wore, bright against the black cloth. He pulled the sleeve down, banishing the reminder of his moment of weakness. He had been sincere when he'd promised the giant Winchester that he wouldn't try again. Quite apart from the fact that he didn't want to go through the pain of splitting his skin open again, he had given it some concerted thought and decided that, while he knew he was hell bound, he may as well stick around for as long as he could and see if he couldn't maybe do some good with the time left to him. He was under no illusions that he could change his fate, but perhaps it would ease the knot of guilt that was eating away inside him. Maybe he could do it for Gavin, who had died believing his father was a no-good, abusive ass.
"I have no quarrel with you." the stranger replied, stepping forward once more. "My business is with the boy."
"Yeah." Dean nodded. Out of the corner of his eye Dean could see Sam beaming at him.
for Cas.
"Good." Dean said, standing and clapping his new employee and roommate on the shoulder before clearing the table.
Dean cleared his throat and glared at his brother sitting across from him at the crappy diner table. They were on their way to Vegas for their annual pilgrimage and had stopped off for sustenance.
"Lightweight." he said endearingly. He had so far never let Cas have more than one beer at a time ever since discovering that the newly-human angel had not retained his alcohol tolerance when he'd fallen.
That being said, I hope this chapter makes sense and that you enjoy reading it as much as I have enjoyed writing it.
“How have you dealt with it?” he asked.
"It's acting as some kind of angel siren." Cas explained, "I think it's a spell. The ingredients used to create it were very odd... Griffin feathers, bones of a fairy. I've never seen it before."
"Well, look around." Metatron explained benevolently. "You've seen earth. You've had a taste of free will. I got to ask you, do you like it? I mean, the way you've flocked off to follow Castiel tells me you need to follow someone. It's in your DNA. But Cas? He's not what you think he is. He sends angels out to die. Have you told them about your stolen Grace, Castiel? How it's fading away, and when it burns out, so will you?"
Dean's phone rang. He pulled it out of his pocket, glancing at the caller ID but didn't recognize the number. He answered.
"Forget the game Cas."
He looked up at Sam.
Dean pulled the chair from the desk that sat in the corner of the room over and settled on it backwards, facing the bed.
Dean shook his head and grabbed Castiel's hand, pressing a kiss to the palm.
“You got the look. You go through something like that, it leaves you with scars. It also leaves you with the ability to see them in others.”
"Why didn't he come to me about it?"
"I'm not whipped!"
"What the hell, Cas?"
"Night Cas."
Cas blinked at him.
Castiel. Castiel was lying next to him. Castiel had fallen asleep cuddled into his side. Castiel, a guy - or a former angel in a male vessel - had kissed him last night.
"Thank you, Dean." he said meaningfully.
He hit the end button, cutting off the automated voice and dropped it to the table. He rested his head in his hands, closing his eyes. He had always had hope that at least, if he wanted to, he could always reach the angel.
Dean let out a primal growl of rage and stalked forward, his grip on the angel blade tightening.
Theo stared at him. "Don't ask for mercy." he said softly. "There is none."
Besides, what was he waiting for? For Castiel to come waltzing back through the door, saying everything was fine, Metatron was taken care of, Heaven was restored, the angels were home and he was Dean's until their dying day?
proved himself to be more of a righteous man than I was." He hung his head, eyes falling shut, "So what does that make me? If my abuser, my r-rapist held out where I didn't…then maybe I deserved it after all."
"Thank you." He said sincerely.
"Thank you." he said in a quiet, subdued voice.
"I'm very pop-culture savvy now." The angel agreed.
"Okay Cas, listen to me. I need you to stay where you are. It's going to take a while to get there but I'm gonna come get you, you hear? If you find somewhere else to stay, call me. And if we get separated, make for the bunker. You got it?"
“You’re missing the point of faith.” She said with conviction, “It doesn’t matter what may or may not be out there. What matters is that you believe in it. That you make it true. And then let that truth help you in whatever way you need it to.” She laid a comforting hand on his shoulder before departing.
"Don't ever apologize for that." Castiel's voice was stern and laced with barely contained rage.
"God, you guys are dorks." he said, slinging his bag over his shoulder.
"He's our only shot Kevin."
The plan was for Sam and his girlfriend Sarah to fly in and stay over at Dean and Cas' before driving up to Sioux Falls to spend Thanksgiving with Bobby and Jo and Ellen. Cas was worried that he would be intruding but Dean insisted.
Linda shook her head and sat down.
"I love you too." the angel shot back before hanging up.
“Oh!” Sam shouted, suddenly remembering something, “We have an announcement.”
As he drifted off, he felt something else, a heavy weight that was warm and comforting, settle over him. Something with feathers that tickled as they brushed across his exposed skin. That held and cradled and protected him. He brought his hand up to where Cas' was resting over his ribcage and threaded their fingers together, squeezing for good measure as he sank into the first restful sleep he'd had in three months.
Dean and Castiel shared a look.
"Good, he deserves that." She leaned up and pressed a kiss to his cheek.
"Like what?"
"Punish him." she said, nodding in Dean's direction.
"Yes, I think so. But I don't understand what that has to do with heaven."
“Yeah, whatever.”
"Hey." he said softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
And Dean had just gotten him back.
"No!" Kevin shouted, railing against the man. "Let me go! I need to protect them! I am the prophet!"
"Merged? What does that mean?"
"So, Cas, what happened?" Sam asked.
Crowley had woken a few days ago but according to Sam and Dean, hadn't said much apart from a forced promise to never do it again. Kevin had been avoiding the Demon cum human but, at his mother's insistence, was here now.
Claire laughed and tugged his hands down. "Come on Dad, I'm ten. It's not like I haven't heard those words before."
As his shoulder made contact with Dean’s chest, the hunter felt the usual swell of feeling and emotion well up inside him, as it always did when he was near to the angel. Dean closed his eyes and inhaled, breathing in the angel’s scent. He smelled the same as he always had; like air and earth and lightening. He breathed it in, recalling all the times Cas had appeared by his side, crowding into Dean’s space with no regard for personal boundaries and intoxicating Dean with his scent. His nerves sang in delight where the angel had brushed by him, knocked breathless by the brief contact.
"NO, I CHOSE IT!"
"Yes." he answered, "But it won't be forever. I promise."
Ephram began to speak and Castiel encouraged him, trying to buy what little time he could as he sliced his palm open and began to draw the angel banishing sigil. Unfortunately, Ephram caught on before he could finish and Castiel found himself kneeling in front of the angel, his wrist pulled back and back and back before the angel twisted it sharply and Castiel gasped as pain exploded in the appendage.
Dean cleared his throat again.
He wasn't sure why he had volunteered the information, nor why that particular fact about himself should be the one that sprung to mind first. He felt a familiar sense of mild anxiety fill him as he thought about the fact that he had blabbed about his past, the past that he had determined to keep buried. For a moment he toyed with the idea of perhaps telling Dean everything…immediately panic began to rise as his heart rate sped up and his breathing began to quicken. He scrapped the idea. He just wasn't ready. Perhaps one day he would be.
Dean swallowed, feeling vulnerable and exposed beneath the ex-angel's intense gaze, a feeling he was decidedly not comfortable with.
"We were kidnapped by Malachi. He…killed Dean." Castiel's voice caught in his throat. "I did what I had to do."
"Okay." Dean said, bending his knees and interlocking his fingers, holding them out, "Get on."
"You are a genius." he said, cupping the former angel's cheeks before standing and grabbing the oak branch. "Here, rub some of your virginal blood on that." he said, moving towards the door. "Let's go catch us a goddess."
"Cas!" Dean didn't know what to do, "Cas, no."
Turned out, he was wrong.
"What?" he asked in his usual overly caustic tone that enhanced rather than hid the fact that everything was
"No." he whispered as he walked and then ran towards the brothers. "Dean!"
"Okay, Sam said he was going to look through obituaries to find out more about those guys who died. Meanwhile, do you have any ideas on how to find out which angels are behind these attacks?"
He returned to the motel room and shut the door, locking it with an idle gesture. He lowered himself to the bed, dropping his head into his hands, and shut out the voices of his brothers. At first it had been a comfort, opening himself up once again to the familiar hum in the back of his mind. But there was so much confusion and strife and anguish; voices crying out in fear and anger. So he shut it out and sat in lonely silence.
"But if I can't…If we never…what if you get tired of waiting? I mean, what would you have to stay for?"
"The Supernatural books." She said as though that explained everything.
"Good." He said before moving out and searching for the hunters to inform them of the witch's quest.
Dean nodded, not entirely comfortable with Castiel's open displays of emotion, but accepting all the same.
Sam nodded.
"You humans. So ruled by your emotions." He shook his head. "It was and always shall be your downfall."
"It was inelegant and barbaric. But," he squared his jaw, eyes intense, "he had it coming."
"So it would seem."
“Also, if you hurt him in any way, I’ll make sure you pay for it. Got it?” The threat was vague but spoken with such precision that Castiel, knowing what he did about the Winchesters’ childhood, was utterly convinced that Sam could kill and dispose of him without anyone ever finding out.
Then one evening, when Dean was in the kitchen cleaning up from dinner with Sam helping from the chair he was still using occasionally when walking became too much, Dean's cell phone rang, vibrating loudly against the stainless steel countertop.
"Don't be." Cas said softly.
"I know."
"You think Cas is better off without you?" Sam asked, amazement at his brother's stupidity and pity at his complete lack of self worth warring inside him.
Dean shook his head.
They lay in silence for a while before Dean spoke up.
"So…no, then. I'm not the best, but I'm the best you've got. You want to stay with Castiel, fine. But he's playing you, because at the end of the day, the only thing he cares about is himself and the Hardy boys there. You've got a choice to make. Make the right one."
"What?" Sam asked.
Crowley nodded and they lapsed into an awkward silence that seemed to stretch to infinity.
“Cas! Cas!” Dean called after him. He turned to Meg. “You stay here. Cas!”
"What?!"
Cas sighed and sank back into Dean's arms.
"Yes. I believe Gadreel will prove to be a very helpful ally. He believes the key to defeating Metatron lies in breaking his connection with the angel tablet."
"What?" he asked.
Dean grinned.
"It's okay, Dean." he said softly, kneeling so they were face to face. He brushed away an errant tear that had escaped the green, red-rimmed eyes. "It's okay."
"Mom." He whispered.
Enjoy!
"Doesn't much matter to me who you love. Guy, girl, Angel of the freakin' Lord. Just so long as you're happy Dean."
"So you managed to stop Sam from completing the trials?"
"The branches are too tall for me to reach." Cas said. "Lift me up."
Sam sighed and scrubbed at his eyes with his hands. A thought occurred to him.
"You know her?"
The elder Winchester cracked an eye. The corner of Sam's mouth was turned up and Dean sent him a soft smile.
Sam waited for him to elaborate but he didn't say anything, just sat and pondered the table with a look of intense concentration.
"No you don't." Benny countered, "You don't own me shit Dean, you just go be with your 'friend' I'll take care of things on my end."
"Whatever, bitch."
Dean thought back to Castiel's lack of address or ID or keys as well as his comments this morning.
"N't v'ry good at it. L'st time…l'st time nearly kill'd m'slef."
Castiel considered he words.
His jaw clenched and he closed his eyes. He had made it through that and he could make it through this. Cas would tell him. Eventually Cas would tell him.
He remembered the anger and pain and sadistic delight he had found in torturing others. Inflicting on them all the pain that he had been subject to. He remembered the burst of pure light that had exploded and then subsided to a bearable degree but had still been too bright to see anything clearly. He remembered cowering from the light and goodness that radiated off the celestial being as it spoke to him, offering him words of comfort that he knew he would never,
Dean's smile grew wistful.
Apparently Castiel's considerable angel strength wasn't enough to get the door to budge any more than Sam's attempts.
"Look at you, all suited up and back in the game." he teased.
"Count us in!" Sam said eagerly when they were informed that the meeting was 'members only'.
"Her magic resembled blue fire which she used to control her followers and kill those who opposed her."
He wiped away a tear and stared at it in betrayal. He was an angel again. Angels weren't meant to cry.
"Wait, hold up. Are you two…" she trailed off, punctuating the unspoken words with a suggestive eyebrow raise.
Dean pulled over a bowl, fork and a dozen eggs.
Sam’s forehead creased in worry.
Sam tried to hoist his body into a more upright position but found he was too weak to even make it more than a few inches. Dean grabbed the remote and pressed a button, raising the bed until Sam was sitting comfortably upright.
Dean closed his eyes against the light the poured from her as she died, falling limp in his arms.
He looked for what felt like an age until the baby began to squirm, then wake, then wail.
"Ow." Dean said, clutching his upper arm. Despite not having his angelic powers, the former angel could still cause pain when he wanted to. "Not you, obviously."
He was on the verge of giving up when something in a nearby store caught his eye. He stopped in his tracks, nearly got run over by a gaggle of frantic holiday shoppers, and moved, as though in a trance, toward it.
Even though Dean had already surmised that Daphne was Emmanuel’s wife, hearing him say it out loud was like a cymbal crash in his head. This was wrong, so very, very wrong. Cas wasn’t supposed to be just some other person living in Colorado and married to some random woman. He was supposed to be with Dean and Sam, popping in on occasion, accompanying them on hunts, frowning in confusion and incomprehension at Dean’s pop culture references. Dean should be the one teaching Cas about shaking hands not this…floozy.
"Where else is he gonna go? Guy's human now, he needs looking after."
Charlie opened her mouth to retort but someone beside them 'shushed' them and she snapped her mouth closed and leaned back against the wall, arms folded in a show of petulance.
Kevin turned to Castiel.
Dean began to protest but Sam shook his head.
The crime scene was in disarray.
But now…now everything was different. Sam had never had the blind faith in his father that Dean had, the unwavering belief that John Winchester knew everything, that John Winchester was invincible. Where Dean had seen their dad's strengths, Sam had seen his weaknesses: his obsession, his temper, and his drinking.
"Sam? Sam!"
Dean contemplated arguing further but they couldn't afford to waste time.
Dean looked at the resolve growing in the angel. Shift? What did shift mean?
Castiel shook his head, a serious look on his face.
Enjoy!
Cas looked where Dean's gaze was.
"Dean I am so sor-"
Dean frowned.
She sighed and shook her head.
He still couldn't quite believe it.
"What are you guys arguing about?" Cas asked, entering to room bearing two glasses of eggnog and handing them out.
"Where's Dean?"
Dean laughed again and reached up to run his hands over Cas' smooth chest, fingers skimming over the now-healed ribs and the ink of his warding tattoo.
"Dean!"
Dean raised his head and wiped away an errant tear that had begun to trickle down his cheek.
"Sorry, I totally forgot this was today." Sam whispered as he settled against the wall beside Cas who shook his head and gestured that it was fine.
"Perhaps we could start over. I enjoyed our conversation. It was something I doubt Dean would be interested in."
Sam sighed. They had come to this impasse so many times before.
Sam was at the stove heating a pot of milk when Castiel entered the kitchen, his hair mussed and pyjamas rumpled from sleep.
"Hey!" Linda Tran yelled, smacking Sam on the arm, "Don't talk to my son like that! Do you know how hard he's been working to translate your stupid tablet?"
Just then a torrent of people came flooding through the doors that lead from the gates and Dean stood up, craning his head looking for his brother, not that he needed to, considering.
Also, just so you know, I have never been to Chicago. All geographical information I have gained from Google.
Castiel looked at him. He owed everything to this man who had taken him in and given without asking for anything in return. Who had respected his need for privacy and allowed Castiel to keep buried what he needed to keep buried.
Sam sighed and seemed to deflate a little, running a hand through his hair and shaking his head.
Cas huffed and cupped Dean's cheeks with both his hands, forcing the hunter's gaze up to meet his.
"That's not much Dean, are you sure it's worth the drive?"
"My family was very religious growing up. We didn't have very wide musical tastes outside of what we heard in church."
Dean sniffed, "I'm just so sick of this. All these tears, they're so stupid."
Dean looked uncertain.
for sleep and hunger but never a
Dean filled it up and the man took a pull, setting it down and focusing back on the same spot he'd been staring at all night.
Dean turned around and his face flushed when he saw what Cas had found.
“I don’t really dance Dean.”
Castiel stepped forward and Sam pulled him in, wrapping his arms around the man.
"I ran out of money in Detroit and I ended up hitching rides until I made it here. And then those two men demanded money. I tried to fight them off but a third showed up and they…"
"Thanks." he murmured in a flat tone that seemed devoid of any emotion.
"Thank you for telling me that."
"They killed my friend's wife and daughter." He said flatly, "Got off easy too."
"We are much outnumbered now." Cas commented, head resting in the crook of Dean's neck.
"Alright enough of this!" Dean interjected, "Where's Cas? What have you done to him?"
"Crowley?" Charlie perked up at the familiar name, "As in the demon? The King of Hell?"
Castiel hadn't succeeded, just as Dean hadn't succeeded in preventing Sam from completing the final trial. Cas hadn't stopped Metatron.
"Hey."
Any lingering anger he may have felt towards the hunter died at the words and the truth they carried with them – a truth which Cas could see and hear and feel with every fibre of his being. He opened his mouth to answer.
"You're scared." he said, finally understanding why Castiel hadn't wanted to come on the hunt in the first place.
Sarah smiled.
"Trust me Dean he does. Look," Sam wheeled around the table and over to Dean, "This isn't about whether or not Cas has feelings for you."
Cas nodded.
Of course.
"Thank you." he said carefully.
"Rough day?" Dean asked conversationally.
"Ah. So Gadreel bites the dust." Metatron greeted the news with indifference. "And the angel tablet, arguably the most powerful instrument in the history of the universe, is in pieces, and for what again? Oh, that's right. To save Dean Winchester. That was your goal, right? I mean, you draped yourself in the flag of heaven, but ultimately, it was all about saving one human, right? Well, guess what. He's dead, too."
"True." Cas agreed. He chewed on his bottom lip as he considered. "Okay."
Single footsteps on the stairs sounded, and Kevin and Crowley stared at each other. Cas and Dean had only been missing a little while and Sam was still in Wyoming.
Cas smiled wryly.
"Hello, Dean." Castiel answered.
Dean nodded and grabbed the angel's toothbrush, smearing some toothpaste on it and wetting it before handing it to Cas.
Cas continued to pray after lunch as Dean and Sam continued their research. The light dimmed as they day went on and just as Sam was starting to think about grabbing some dinner, Dean spoke up.
"Cas?" He asked softly, as though afraid anything louder would banish him from the room.
"What?" he asked when he noticed the other man looking intently at him.
"Yeah." Dean nodded, "He's good people. I gave him the number to the Bat Phone and sounds like he's got something in our wheelhouse, so… You going to be cool to do this? Or are you still too tired?"
"My bomber?" Castiel asked, confusion evident in his voice.
The group nodded solemnly before Dean slapped his thighs and stood from his chair.
Dean wanted to assure the voice that yes, Cas would still love him. But doubt had sunk its devilish claws in and the memory was playing full force in his mind and he just couldn't shut it off.
"Who is this?"
"I know you've spoken a bit about it in interviews but I was wondering if you could elaborate a little on the picture that surfaced a few months ago."
I just want to say thanks to everyone who has read and favourited and alerted and reviewed this story, it's really made writing it a pleasure and thanks to Rainbow Fruit Loop for continuing to be an awesome beta.
"Dean whatever you're afraid of, it doesn't matter to me. I don't care if you had feelings for Cas, or any other guy for that matter! You're still my brother and I love you!"
Dean didn't notice the man at first. The roadhouse was bursting, as it usually was on a Saturday night, and Ellen kept directing him towards every woman who came up, knowing that with his eyes and smile, the tip money would pour out of them like the vodka into the cosmopolitans they all ordered.
"I did what I had to do. I have always done what I have to do, for God and for the angels."
His eyes stopped Dean in his tracks.
"I know, a recovering alcoholic working in a bar."
After Sam left to fetch Charlie, who was luckily still in Topeka, Cas and Dean gathered the masses of bags from their shopping spree and Cas started for the room Dean had designated his the night before.
"Th' fu'k, Shammy." Dean complained, his eyes barely open, "G've 't ba'k."
"I took his grace." The archangel explained, "What was left of it anyway. He's human now."
"And who do you think gave the order to capture Castiel?" Gadreel countered. "Unless you think Metatron isn't interested in questioning the leader of the rebellion?"
He remembered that moment when he'd looked out of the window and caught sight of Sam hanging out of the of the Impala, playing with the plastic plane that Dean had gotten for him out of the charity present box last Christmas (he didn't consider it stealing, after all the presents were for children who needed them and Sammy had definitely needed, no, deserved a present).
"I don't know."
"So…Dean." Charlie said as she sat rewiring the antique computer.
John Winchester wasn't here anymore. John Winchester couldn't hurt him.
“Amelia, Claire. You know I’ll always miss you and love you with all my heart. You will always be my girls. And I know that you would want me to be happy. Well, this is Dean. And he makes me happy. Very happy. Happier than I thought possible after loosing you both.” His words became clipped as his throat choked up and tears shone in his eyes. He sank down to his knees on the snow-covered ground and stretched out a hand to trace the inscriptions on the shared gravestone.
He smiled at his brother before looking over at Castiel who was staring intently at Dean the way he was wont to do whenever he was reminded how lucky he was to have the man in his life.
"Where is it?" Castiel rounded on Ingrid whom Hannah had at blade point. She stayed silent and Castiel, knowing he had little to no time before Metatron caught word of Gadreel's martyrdom and came running, ordered curtly. "Remove her."
"He's back."
What the hell?
Dean shook his head.
"You know it?"
"Whatever. Why don't you just go…clean your weapons or something? At least it'll help get your mind off of…you know."
"What about Crowley?"
"When was this taken?" Dean asked as the video shut off.
"No." he said softly. "It's just…no one's ever touched them before."
"All right." He agreed, "What's so special about this one anyway?"
"He was down there much longer then I was, and he never broke. All the things he did to me, said to me when he was alive and he
"Jerk."
The hunter scoffed and crossed his arms, clearly indicating the myriad of problems he had with this plan.
Cas rubbed his forehead.
"You're lying."
Enjoy!
"Anyway, after he graduated high school, Sam wanted to go to college. He's a smart kid, got into Stanford on a full scholarship but dad said that family comes first and he had a duty to 'the family business' and that if he left he should stay gone. So Sam left and dad started to go off hunting on his own and I suddenly found myself alone for the first time in my entire life. At first it nice you know? Freedom and all that? But after a while…" Dean trailed off, shaking his head as if trying to sake away the painful memories, "Anyway, about four years after Sam left, dad disappeared and Sammy and I went on the road to try and find him. Eventually we caught up with him and turns out he'd found the SOB who'd killed our mom. Dad finally took him down. Unfortunately, dad went down with him."
Castiel looked up at him and felt his heart warm. Maybe it was too soon. Maybe most people didn’t get over their spouse this fast. But he didn’t feel as though he had
“I apologize, I overheard you and your brother talking. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop but I heard my name and well…”
Dean stared at him with soft eyes and a small grin on his face, which he was sure looked totally stupid but he really couldn't bring himself to care.
Finally, as they entered Kansas on their way to Colorado, Castiel spoke.
Benny didn't speak but Dean heard the unmistakable sound of the southerner's meaty fist connecting loudly with the wall. Dean waited while Benny worked to control his breathing. Dean understood, if he hadn't been busy comforting Cas when he'd heard the story, he'd have been throwing around some shit and punching holes in walls too.
"Yes, but unfortunately, I am not there to translate it."
"Hey," he asked, "What is it? What's wrong?"
"Where is he?" He asked. The man shook his head.
The sentence reverberated in his head and he sat, transfixed as the courtroom began to empty.
Cas shrugged.
He looked up into the stony faces of his brother and angel.
“He’s been quiet, withdrawn, depressed.”
"You know of an Ian Linton or a Theo Moores or a Paul Koeman?"
Cas responded with a smile of his own.
"How in the name of the father are we expected to get in?" Castiel asked in an attempt to get his squabbling siblings back to the task at hand. It was a veritable sea of people that stood between him and Dean and God knows where he even was in the massive complex.
And then he was there again, in that house, with a different name and a different life but the same face that haunted Dean’s every waking moment.
"I'm worried. He stopped answering a while back."
"And? You don't sound upset so…"
Dean's head moved towards him slightly before hesitating, teeth worrying his bottom lip, eyebrows pinched in worry. Castiel's smile softened at the show of uncertainty and decided Dean had suffered enough. Closing his eyes he moved in, not needing sight to know where Dean's lips were, his found them of their own accord. The pandemonium that erupted around them at the kiss faded away to nothing as Castiel's hand came up to caress Dean cheek even as Dean's own came up to tangle in his hair. The crowd was still screaming when they parted, panting. Dean's hand came down to rest on his cheek and he brushed the pad of his thumb softly across it.
"Nothing." Dean answered, "Sam's making us watch some old movie."
"Good. Cause it was hell to get the blood out of the sheets the last time."
"Agent." he threw back.
Cas' hand was on his face and the angel was speaking but Dean couldn't hear the words, not through the din of nothingness that echoed in the empty spaces inside him.
"You just said that, Dea—"
The gaze was back and powerful as ever.
The former angel smiled and lifted his eyes to the younger Winchester brother.
Cas shot out of his chair and over to the distressed man, settling beside him.
They spent a long time just kissing, hands roaming and feet intertwined, items of clothing coming off slowly as they got in the way. Hands brushed over naked skin, petting and scraping, as their desire grew stronger and more insistent, more impatient. Pretty soon Dean was prepped and Cas was hovering above him, looking down with a mix of lust and adoration in his eyes, while Dean looked back with trust and love in his own.
"I thought I said no chick-flick moments." he replied in a trembling voice.
Dean considered the answer before finally nodding and relaxing his stance.
Dean shook his head.
A throat clearing brought them back to the present. They turned, still entwined in each other’s arms.
"I am grateful for my life, I am. I am grateful for Dean, and you, and this bunker. But I still feel the loss, I still..." he trailed off, his shoulders drooping as he cupped the mug of steadily cooling milk.
"I can't promise I won't yell at you again." he whispered. "But I can promise that I won't ever mean any of it."
Dean was huddled up against a pillar, his eyes closed and body shaking as his breaths came in short gasps.
"I am Ezekiel." He said.
"Dean—"
"I love you."
So Cas smiled and leaned forwards, capturing Dean's lips once more with his, pouring all the love he could muster into the gesture. Dean needed it. Dean deserved it. And Cas was damn well going to give it to him.
Dean nodded, he remembered the sheriff fondly. He also remembered how she’d lost her young son and husband a few years back.
After the events of that morning, Dean had been rather subdued, lounging around and watching Die Hard with Cas until the angel had announced that he was making dinner and that maybe it would do Dean some good to go out and get some fresh air. Some fucking freezing fresh air.
"It makes the most sense under the circumstances. What do we have to lose?"
Dean nodded.
Muriel looked over at him. "Bartholomew." she answered, before looking back at Castiel. "He's been growing in power since the beginning, but Malachi has become equally powerful. In some ways, worse."
"Took the words right out of my mouth Benny." Dean said once Benny was done spouting off every curse word in his vocabulary.
Immediately, an uptight redhead spoke up.
The drive back to the bunker was made in silence. Dean sat in the drivers seat staring hypnotically out onto the road, Sam dozed in the passenger seat, head propped up against the glass in a position that was all too familiar to him, and Castiel sat in the back, photos and mementos from his office sitting in a box beside him and Brian cradled in his hands as he tried not to think about what his next step would be, or if there even was another step to take.
"I'm a virgin!" Sam announced.
"Are you sure that's a good idea?" he asked.
Dean worried his bottom lip as he played with the bottle in his grasp, twisting it around and pulling at the label.
And with that he fled the room.
Once Purah finished drawing the spell in the sandbox, it kicked up a maelstrom of heavenly light into which Cas and Gadreel stepped. Castiel held his breath as he was enveloped by the light, and he couldn't help the anticipation that kickstarted his heart pounding. He was going back to heaven. He was going home.
The look of utter incomprehension on the face of the man who had once faced down the king of hell and the leader of the archangels, the face of the man who had once been his friend, best friend, finally drove the nail home.
"Talk about what?"
"Yeah." Sam assured, rubbing his face as Dean reached for the cereal box and poured a bowl for Cas and himself, "Just resting my eyes for a second."
He locked eyes with Cas, staring into the angel's depthless gaze and stopped struggling, allowing the feelings to wash over him.
"I suppose you're right. So what's Cas feeling now?"
Castiel frowned and tilted his head.
"I just…I'm not going to be much use to you Dean." Castiel explained.
"By the way, Cas read the cuneiform and he said the same thing you did, that the spell was irreversible. So thank you, for helping and not lying, and I'm sorry we didn't believe you."
"I am fine." he said in a soft tone that he knew would make the stubborn hunter calm down and listen. Sure enough, Dean closed his mouth and looked at Cas. "Thank you for your concern, but I am fine. I do not need, nor do I wish, to eat."
"Alright. You go back there and don't come out until we come and get you, Sam and Dorothy, you go buy us some time. Cas and Charlie, go to the dungeon with Crowley and wait there."
Cas took in a deep breath, allowing the frustration that was building inside him to subside so that he could concentrate on the emotions coming from Dean and, as expected, they were contradictory. The brunt of it seemed to be indignation and, oddly enough, anger, which had flared up at Cas' initial refusal to eat, but he could feel something else lurking underneath it all, something that felt like…fear.
"They are very…open about their relationship." She said hesitantly and Charlie had an indignant and self-righteous rant poised on the tip of her tongue when the other woman continued, "Is that sort of thing accepted now?"
Cas stood with the help of Dean, leaning on the hunter as he fought against a wave of dizziness, and moved forward until he stood next to his brother, placing his hand on his shoulder for comfort as well as balance. Gabriel looked up into Castiel's earnest gaze and sighed, rolling his eyes as his uncharacteristically solemn expression dissolved into his usual wicked grin.
"Knowing that one day you, me, everyone, everything will die? And not just knowing it, but feeling it. How do humans manage such a burden of knowledge?"
Jody stared between the hunter and the still-glaring Cas.
Dean shrugged.
. There was no way he was ever telling Sam about…
"Sam, you know none of that was your fault."
Dean came with a moan, born on the wave of his own pleasure and the connection he now felt with the angel. Cas threw his head back, bare chest peppered with beads of sweat that glistened in his internal light, his wings taught and shivering as he reached his own peak.
Cas looked up.
What the hell was he going to get Cas for Christmas?
Cas sent a confused glance at Dean's brother.
Everyone trickled out of the dungeon, Crowley and Sam escorting Kevin and his mother to their rooms to angel-proof them.
"Nothing." he replied, leaning in and kissing the angel softly on the lips.
"I'm not that special Cas."
Sam had approached, his jaw clenched and his expression unreadable.
"I owe you much more than that but I suppose that is a reasonable place to start." Switching gears, Castiel asked, "So Dean, how did you start at the Roadhouse?"
“I lost my faith when Amelia and Claire…we were very devout. Now the whole idea of God…that he would allow such pain and suffering…” he trailed off and shook his head, “That and every time I step into a church I am reminded of them. My girls.” His throat closed up and his words came out choked.
"This…friend of yours. He the same reason you were so deliriously happy when you called me for Thanksgiving?"
"It's okay, Dean." he assured. "I know that you are still healing from what your father did to you. Just know that I am here, regardless of whether or not you feel comfortable pursuing a sexual relationship."
As a way to kill time while waiting for Charlie's program to decrypt the files, Dean, Cas, Charlie, Sam, and Kevin had all piled into Sam's room to marathon the first few episodes of Game of Thrones. Dean, Cas, and Charlie ended up on the bad, Castiel sandwiched in between the hunter and the nerd but soon found himself pulled into Dean's side, head resting on his shoulder and snuggled in close to his side with Charlie throwing them the same look she got every time she saw an adorable cat video. Cas didn't seem to notice and Dean pretended not to see.
"Eh, it'll do." he said, not willing to admit what he was actually thinking in front of his brother.
"Hello?" Dean called as they made their way into the main room from the garage, "Kevin? Mrs. Tran? Crowley?"
Dean considered the deal. On the one hand, he didn't trust Crowley, even as a human. But it was true that he had a vast amount of knowledge at his disposal, not to mention the money. And Linda…
"No! Not when you look like you still got stuff to get off your chest."
“Your wife.” He answered weakly as his brain swam in ever growing overwhelming confusion. “Right.”
Sam had thought about starting a conversation several times and had found his hand twitching to turn on the radio or do anything that might relieve the oppressive silence, but each time, he hesitated and decided against it. Dean's behaviour and all round bad mood was a pretty big elephant in the room and Sam felt like any disturbance to the current frosty climate might cause a rampage. So he sat and drove and tried to ignore the deafening silence that filled the car.
"I am aware that many humans are…uncomfortable with exploring alternative sexualities. I did not wish to 'frighten you away'." Castiel brought his hands up to cast inverted commas around the last words and Dean smirked at the angel's attempt at nuance. It still needed some work.
"That sounds unpleasant."
His brow furrowed and he worried his bottom lip with his teeth as he floundered in his mind for any inspiration from his pathetic knowledge (or lack thereof) of popular culture.
Dean laughed.
Crowley's face coloured and he shrugged. "It was nothing."
Cas nodded.
Sam scoffed.
Sam nodded and turned to go before looking back.
"Cas, I don't need–"
"And this is Kevin's mother, Mrs. Tran."
Cas nodded
"So, what the hell happened between Dean and your father?" she asked changing the subject.
The corner of Cas' mouth turned up in a small smile.
"Maybe."
"Who are you?"
Castiel found Dean in his room, dressed for bed and lying on top of the covers with his headphones on and his eyes closed.
"I can't help it." he explained to his exasperated brother. "I can see his wings."
"Shit." He swore, striding out of the room and grabbing his coat and keys. "Where are you exactly?"
"Dean." Cas said softly, as they rounded the corner into the library and found it empty.
Sam took in a breath, gathering the courage to have what he knew was going to be an uncomfortable but necessary conversation with his emotionally stunted brother.
"I think it is a wonderful idea for you and your brother to participate in a celebration of life and love and family."
"Dean," Metatron replied anyway, "always with the B-grade '80s-action-movie wit."
"I can't lose him, Sam. Not again."
"No, the motel I was staying in evicted me when I couldn't pay another night's rent. So I wandered until I got to the Roadhouse."
"Well if you do see him around could you give me a call we're all really worried abou-"
Dean stripped off his dress pants, leaving him in just his shirt and boxers, and pulled him up, manoeuvring them over to the bathroom where he plunked Cas down on the closed toilet lid.
Sam tried to ignore the disappointment he could hear clear as day in the angel's voice.
Dean made up his mind. Sure Cas was back with no memory. But right now, Sam needed his help so Dean did what he always did, took his needs, feelings, and desires and shoved them deep down. He wouldn’t tell Emmanuel who he really was. He didn’t need that burden and Dean didn’t need him walking into another lake. When this was all over and Sam was back on his feet, he would bring Emmanuel back here to his wife and they would go their separate ways. It was not like Dean had ever expected to see him again and you couldn’t miss what you never had.
Come find me on
Dean closed his eyes again, this time in building anger.
Castiel stood stock still as one by one the angels who had followed him faithfully for the past countless months filed out of the room, leaving himself and the two Winchesters alone in the once bustling room.
Dean hesitated, as though he wanted to continue arguing, but eventually he too nodded and glanced down at the sandwich and back up at Cas.
Sam sighed.
He made to leave but Crowley caught him as Linda cried out for him not to go.
"Right."
Emmanuel.
"Stay behind me, Dean." he ordered as they made their way out into the corridor, and, despite the dire situation, Dean couldn't help the thrill of excitement that coursed through him at the commanding tone in Castiel's deep voice.
"Didn't peg you for churchy." He felt eyes on him and looked over to see Castiel glaring. "What?"
"Trust me Cas, he's attracted to you. But he's just too stubborn to make the first move. Which is why I think you should do it."
"It's so weird, you knowing about The Lord of the Rings."
When Crowley next woke, Castiel, sainted Castiel, Dean's boy-toy Castiel, was sitting in the chair the giant had been occupying when he'd fallen asleep.
"What? Dad goes off hunting on his own the minute you leave for Stanford and you go and change your number and don't call for years? What the hell was I supposed to think?" His voice had risen as he spoke, and it cracked embarrassingly. His face coloured at the unwarranted emotional outburst and he fought to keep his face blank.
It was Sam's turn to roll his eyes.
"Maybe. Probably. That sounds like something Dean would do. Still, it was out of line for him to say what he said. Dean always was one to jump right past tact and straight to anger."
"Hey." He said, sitting forward in his chair and rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, "How're you feeling?"
Dean hummed in agreement with the former angel and then moaned in displeasure when he stood, ridding Dean of his head rest.
Dean sighed and dropped his head back against the consol.
He smiled up at him and Cas smiled back, taking a seat on the edge of the bed and turning to face him.
"And we should trust you why?" Sam asked.
"Then the trial came and it was a disaster. One of the defendants was well connected and their legal team used every trick in the book. They got the charge down to involuntary manslaughter and had my testimony disputed."
But when they reached the truck stop Cas had described for him, the former angel was nowhere to be seen.
They kissed long and hard, tongues dancing and hands clutching desperately at clothes as Cas pushed Dean back against the bed. He kissed a line along Dean's jaw to his neck and mouthed at the pulse point, which was now racing.
"When Metatron had me he…downloaded his collected knowledge of human literature into my brain. I suppose he too was tired of me not understanding his references."
Yesterday the only plan he could come up with was to drink as much as he could in the hope that maybe that would be the end and this would all finally be over, and now here he was with a job, a place to live, and a friend.
"Yeah, well... shut up."
"You did not deserve what that bastard did. You are not responsible for the fact that he was an abusive jackass, and you are not any weaker because of it."
"We always have been." he stated, and then added, "Plus now we've got all the dirt on Metatron straight from the horse's mouth."
"I guess I will just have to spend the rest of my life convincing you otherwise." he said softly before moving in for a kiss.
Dean’s heart lurched painfully. He couldn’t believe it. He’d watched Castiel walk into that reservoir, had seen him sink beneath the placid surface and not come back.
Dean pocketed his phone and opened the door to the motel room they'd rented; setting the takeout he'd picked up on the table. He glanced over at Cas, who switched off the TV and stood from the bed.
"Good. Cause it was hell to get the blood out of the sheets the last time."
Dean fixed Castiel with a glare.
Castiel handed the keys back to Dean.
Dean stepped into their room, feeling fresh from the rest and the shower he'd just had, to see Castiel standing in front of the mirror, struggling with the tie he was attempting to fasten around his neck. He glanced at Dean's reflection, pulled off the offensive piece of cloth, and turned. Dean looked him up and down and smirked at the angel who had donned his suit and the trench coat that Dean had bought for him all those months ago.
Cas pressed gently against his chest and they broke away.
"Nice."
Crowley stood, holding a finger to his lips as he moved as quietly as he could to one of the library's alcoves, retrieving one of the swords that sat on display and moving towards the entrance to the library, Kevin hovering behind him.
He tore off the paper to find a leather book, fastened with a silver clasp which bore a tiny devil's trap on it. It was a warmer brown than that of their father's journal and when he opened it up, he found the letters S.W. embossed on the inside cover with three pictures clipped above it. One was of Mary holding a newborn Sam, a four year old Dean peering down at his new brother with a protective fire in his young eyes. The second was of Sam, Dean and Cas, taken during Castiel's time as a human with Dean in the middle, his arms slung over the shoulders of the two men, and the third was of Dean and Sam, taken years ago in a moment of joy and laughter.
Jody sighed.
"But if it hadn't been for me, mom would still be here and none of this would have happened."
Cas slurped the last of his drink and sat up, nearly falling off his stool before Dean caught him.
Dean’s face broke into a smile.
"That probably means it was unlikely a malevolent force that brought you back."
"God needed Abraham to be unyielding in his faith but moreover, he needed Abraham to know this and the only way to truly know something is to experience it. The tablet said he who attempts the trials should not fear death; it is one thing to say you do not fear death but another thing entirely to know it."
"Good morning." He greeted.
Nick had certainly lived up to his middle name when he threatened to disembowel him if he even
The hunter turned and, quick as a flash, the hag reached forward and snatched the key from Dean's grasp.
"You spent your whole life looking after your brother. Now that he's not here you have no one to take care of, no one to focus on, just yourself which is something you don't know how to do because you've never done it before. And then I come along and I'm basically a baby in a trench coat."
"It's no ordinary angel. Dean, this is bad. This is very bad."
"Very well. And Dean? Be careful."
"Dean—"
"All right," Dean suggested, "so what if there is a stairway to heaven? We find it and get a drop on the guy."
"When you were at Stanford I ended up in San Francisco alone and, I dunno," he shrugged, "I figured, if I were to…experiment, no one would have to know."
"We need to talk about last night." Sam said.
"I want to live." Castiel ground out in between the lances of pain that were shooting outwards from his wrist.
"Step aside." Cas ordered. Sam shot him a look and Cas nodded confidently. "I got this."
"That's no excuse." she said in her no-nonsense, sheriff/mom voice, and without another word, she pulled him into a hug.
Dean sighed and rested his hand over Cas', ceasing his movements.
They prepared for bed, changing into pyjamas and brushing teeth in comfortable silence, and once they were settled in the bed they stared at each other through the dim light that filtered in through the thin blinds.
"Yeah." Dean answered, "But what about you? You said Metatron took your grace. Does that mean you're human now?"
"I'm at a gas station in Longmont, Colorado." He said, giving Dean the location that the man who'd picked him up had given him.
"It is…going." The angel answered enigmatically. "We are growing in numbers, but…"
Sam stood in the empty library contemplating what he'd just learned. Why had his father lied to him? And if Dean had been in one place the whole two months, how come it had taken John Winchester that long to find him? He may have been an awful father but he had been a damn good hunter, surely it wouldn't take too much investigating to find his son - especially if the authorities had been involved. In fact, if Dean as a minor had been caught shoplifting, John would have been notified immediately. So why had it taken so long?
Then the lights shut off and the walls crumbled, new ones springing up in their place.
"Thanks, Cas."
And then he was in the Impala, driving to Metatron's last known location and hoping that whatever he was about to do would end up being useful in the long run.
She smiled and Charlie smiled back.
There was more silence and then the sound of fabric rustling and Castiel assumed the two Winchesters were sharing a brotherly hug.
As his opened eyes adjusted to the dimness of the room, the first thing he noticed was that he was well rested, the second was that there was a warm body pressed up against his back, arms wrapped securely around him, and the third was that the thing that was tickling his face was a feather.
"Well, if you don't want to that's fine." Dean shrugged, struggling to sound uncaring.
"You're lying!" Kevin yelled, standing and slamming his hands down on the table.
Castiel shrugged.
Dean chuckled and slapped it.
"You told me that the thing that killed all those people wasn't me. Do you believe that?"
"Good." Dean smiled and pressed a kiss to Cas' forehead, threading his fingers through his thick hair.
"We kissed and uh…stuff. It felt…good, really good. But then we got a little farther and I…I started to remember dad and what he did and how it had felt…I started to panic. I couldn't breath and I was shaking." He let out a breathy laugh, "I think the other guy thought I was having some sort of seizure. He left pretty quick."
Castiel sighed.
"Shit Cas." Dean breathed, bringing his hand up from the man's shoulder to his cheek, cupping it and stroking it. Castiel leaned into the touch.
"Don't worry, he won't hurt you. He may try and intimidate you for fun, but he's totally harmless."
Sam stopped and let him lean against a disused piece of machinery.
Sam felt Dean stiffen beside him and he snuck a sidelong glance at his brother.
She gathered them both in a tight hug before stepping back.
"Not important?! You think it's not important that dad hit you?! That he abused you?!"
"So, Cas," Dean continued, "What about you? What got you to drinking at the Roadhouse like there was no tomorrow last night?"
"This isn't the 'rules according to Dean'." Dean said quickly before the air quotes could make a reappearance, "This is proper society rules."
Sam's eyebrows rose.
Nick‘s hair was a lighter brown, almost blonde, that was closer to Gabriel’s colour and, though his manner was more relaxed than Michael’s, he was still intimidating as hell in a much colder, more unpredictable way.
Castiel frowned in concentration.
"Yeah?"
"What?"
“Yes, Dean look, I’m sorry, I know it must be difficult to be in a relationship with someone you know so little about and honestly sometimes I want to tell you…everything but I just can’t I-”
"Doodles?" Sam supplied, stepping away from Kevin's mom as she sent a glare his way.
"He isn't here." The concierge said, a smugness colouring his answer, or perhaps Castiel was just imagining that.
Dean looked wary.
"It was getting so cold and you were so hungry and I…I tried hustling some pool. Anywhere they'd let me in with my crappy fake ID, but there still wasn't enough for rent and food so I went to the motel manager. Ugly overweight guy who smelled like cheese and BO, and I begged him to let us say. Threw every sob story I could think of at him. But he wouldn't bite. So finally I…I said I'd do anything. Anything. And he got this look in his eyes, this self-satisfied smirk, like he'd got me. Like he was better than me and he knew it. And then he sat back and undid his pants. He gave us a whole month rent-free, and every night I went to bed feeling dirty and sick to my stomach. And I knew I had no one to blame but myself."
Takes place during 9x09.
The words were broken as they spilt forth from his mouth, words that had been trapped inside him so long, kept secret and hidden deep beneath layer upon layer of pain and shame and hurt. But now that they were out, now that they had been spoken, he couldn't seem to stop saying them almost as though he couldn't believe them himself.
"Then he went out, got drunk, came back, and raped Dean. To teach him a lesson."
"Wait." He continued, tilting his head as his forehead creased in thought, "You're the bartender from last night." He glanced at his surroundings, "What the hell happened?"
Castiel's voice rose to a crescendo as he became more and more incensed. He even swore. Cas never swore.
"So that's why you had a second angel blade?"
"Uh, hard to say, exactly." Dean hedged, "Yeah. Sex has always felt, I don't know, good, you know? I mean, really, really good." Sam glared and Dean remembered who he was talking to, "Uh...But, uh... Sometimes, it just makes you feel bad, you know? You're drunk. You shack up. Then, it's the whole morning thing. You know, 'Hey, that was fun'. And then, 'adios,' you know? Always the 'adios'. But, you know, when you get down to it, what's the big deal, right? I mean, sure, there's the touching and the feeling all of each other, my hands everywhere, tracing every inch of her body, the two of us moving together, pressing and pulling... Grinding. Then you hit that sweet spot, and everything just builds and builds and builds until it all just..." Dean trailed off.
"I hear ya brother. Those three won't know what hit 'em. Literally."
"Which books?"
. Aunts and uncles and cousins had flocked to lend ‘emotional support’, to help him through this ‘trying time’, and it was enough to make him want to scream.
Dean stared at the angel like he'd suddenly grown another limb and exchanged a confused glance with Sam.
Dean smiled and clapped him on his uninjured shoulder.
She chuckled.
"It's because seven eight nine." he explained.
"Dean." Sam said softly as he approached his brother slowly, "Are you all right?"
Dean paused.
Dean took that as his cue to leave.
help people. A clogged artery here, a tumour there. I do good in this world. You? You believe every problem can be solved with a gun. You play the hero, but underneath the hype, you're a killer with oceans of blood on his hands. I hate men like you."
"That at least is fortunate." Castiel placed a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Thank you for telling me Dean I'm sorry for your loss."
Dean stared stonily back and Sam glared.
He held the paper in his hand, struck by her capacity for forgiveness. This woman, whom he had barely known, whom he had tried to kill, but with whom he had still felt a connection. Because despite her assumptions, he hadn't been playing her in the restaurant (well, he had) but he hadn't needed to lie in order to do that.
Castiel joined Dean in looking at Sam, oblivious to their presence. The angel stiffened.
Sam looked up from his book when Dean threw open the front door and stormed in looking panicked and afraid. Bobby followed shortly.
Castiel sat back, his eyes pitched upwards.
Cas shrugged.
"Ah I understand, they're imaginary sheep."
"You're fucking with me right?" Dean said, scrounging for any kind of explanation other than the obvious.
Cas' confused look melted into a crooked, beaming smile and they just stared at each other, lost in the swirling emotions until a loud throat-clearing broke the spell. They both glanced over to see Sam with an eyebrow raised and his bitch-face on.
"All you've been doing the past week is moping. Moping and pining."
"They told you about that, huh?"
"Now that this has blown over, what are the chances of you reconciling with this person?"
She turned and sat cross-legged facing Dean.
"How far did you get?"
. You
"I'm not here to fight." He declared. "I thought about what you said. You're right. Metatron, he's...something needs to be done."
"So anyway, thanks for coming."
He had not remembered, had not recognized the angel when he had appeared again in the form of Jimmy Novak, but the connection, the 'profound bond' was still there, long after the handprint had faded from his shoulder, it was there. And now he could see that glow again. Castiel. Not Cas.
Kevin seemed to deflate under her rational words.
"I dunno, like…weird, psychic angel stuff?"
Sam, Kevin, Crowley and Linda all shared a look, uncomfortable with where the discussion was going.
Castiel looked away again.
"Oh! You have no idea. Wait until he-"
"I am fine." Castiel said in a tone of finality.
"Whoa! What the hell was that?"
Dean raised his eyes, catching Castiel's own and the serious expression melted into a peaceful smile.
No, definitely no crying…he just had something in his eyes.
Dean sighed.
It took some convincing to get Cas to come along with them, and soon enough Dean found himself standing in a house full of memories, and Dean, Sam, and Cas found themselves investigating an enraged spirit that was killing people on the farm.
Castiel shifted and toyed with the empty plate.
"Yeah, and now I know that that tactic works."
There was silence over the phone and then Benny was back.
His voice was thick with sleep and he looked to Sam like an overgrown child waking their parents up after a nightmare.
to do this. Not because of my father or because we need to capture a virginity Goddess or even just to prove to you how I feel, I…I need to do it for me. Because when I signed that pledge yesterday, I did feel like I was letting go. I did feel like I was wiping my slate clean." He sighed and shook his head. "For as long as I can remember the…memory of what my dad did was there every time I had sex. But here, now, finally it's just us. And I'm not doing this to prove a point or to show that I can. I'm doing because I want it. Because it's my choice."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas sighed, lowered his hands and moved to the table.
Cas looked down at him.
Castiel sniffed, wiping away the tears only to have more replace them. He sighed.
The words were inelegant, but Dean smiled regardless, and nodded.
He looked down at the stick that was still in his cup and lifted it, drawing it slowly across his tongue as Dean had, before turning and tossing it at the garbage can, feeling an unexpected thrill of accomplishment when it sailed in.
Dean raised an eyebrow.
"Hello?"
Castiel opened his mouth but gave no answer.
"I swear on the grave of my son, Gavin Macleod, I will not attempt suicide again."
Castiel gave a small smile and nodded.
"September 18th." he answered finally.
"No he's fine. A little tired and weak and well, he did die for a few minutes but then…"
"Food!" Dean answered without breaking his stride.
"It's all right, Dean. Just breathe with me, okay? Slowly. In and out, in and out."
Dean closed his eyes and tried desperately to calm his erratic breathing as a few tears fell unbidden from his eyes. He heard Sam moving slowly towards him and he looked over and met his brother’s gaze, which was creased in worry, and no wonder since apparently Dean was falling apart right before his eyes.
The first thing that hit him when he stepped through the large wooden doors was the smell. Musty books and incense flowed in through his nose and he was reminded of old times, happier times, when he had been secure in his faith, unyielding. Sure that no matter what came to pass; his faith would protect him, that God wouldn’t forsake him.
"I'm not sick." Sam assured, "I just feel like my battery can't recharge."
The room flooded with light and Castiel had to blink at the sudden change but when he could see again, Dean was staring down at him with a look of awe and disbelief.
With a smile, Dean gathered Castiel’s hand in his and they walked side-by-side back to the house.
"I didn't send anyone to kill you."
Cas nodded.
"Sure Cas." he said, looking around for the present.
Dean pulled away, his eyes fearful once again as he panted over the angel.
"So, batteries."
"Well, yeah…but why Brian?"
Short chapter I know, but I hope you enjoyed it anyway.
But he was not an angel and John Winchester was long dead. All he could do now was offer what little comfort he could give to the weeping man in his arms. So he wrapped his arms tighter around Dean, pulling the both of them down so they lay on the cheap motel bed sheets. Dean moved in closer, seeking comfort and protection and Castiel looked down at him.
Dean turned to Sam's companion.
"I would like to give you my gift now." he said softly and Dean could detect a measure of excitement and nervousness flowing through the connection.
Guilt gnawed at him, the image of a sick and injured Cas alone, thinking Dean hated him, blooming in his mind's eye.
let anything happen to me. Couldn't let anything hurt me. So he just took it. Everything. He just accepted it. Hid it. Didn't tell anyone. Even when he was given the chance to get away he didn't take it. 'Cause I needed to be protected."
Once dinner was over and Dean had plied Jody with dozens of complements on the pie, she found herself cleaning up in the kitchen with the former king of hell.
"The angels. They are home now, but they are leaderless. They need someone. Someone they can follow. Someone they can believe in. Gabriel you are the last archangel left. Accept your responsibility."
"R-right, uh."
Bonny looked even more offended.
Ingrid stood outside the cell door with Hannah hanging back behind her.
But then he thought of Dean and how strong he had been the past few months, years; trying to heal from what their father had done to him. How hard it must have been for him to open himself up to Cas, to expose his abused heart to the possibility of more pain. And yet he had done it and Sam felt awed and inspired by his brother's strength, as he had always been.
"And in all that time, not one person has ever touched your wings?"
"Anyway. It took a great deal of effort to heal Dean, in both body and soul and when I finished a trace amount of my grace was left in him. Through it, he and I are connected, irrevocably. Even with mine gone, I can still feel the remnants in him."
But then he turned and he was…Cas.
Dean woke to something soft tickling his face. He scrunched up his nose, trying to rid himself of the irritant, but it persisted, so he cracked open an eye to find out what it was.
"Sam. Hold up. Hold up." he gasped, fresh blood covering his lips as he struggled to breath.
Benny's list of colourful names for the murderers continued and contained a few that sounded like they might have been Cajun in origin.
"Dean." he said softly, moving forward and putting a hand on his shoulder.
Castiel glanced up at Sam.
"He's lying." he said.
Robin smiled and shook her head as Timmy moved past him into the sitting room.
He threw the phone hard, watching as it ricocheted off one of the columns and fell to pieces on the floor. And then he was flooded with rage and he stood, knocking the chair back and swiping angrily at everything on the table – books, the remnants of his breakfast, the lamp – and sending it all crashing to the floor, throwing a chair too for good measure.
He turned to the bed, stepping forwards and moving hypnotically until his shins hit it and he sank down onto the mattress –
Cas went quiet. Dean glanced back and forth between the two angels.
He looked up at Dean and felt, for the first time in nearly a year, his mouth relaxing into a smile. It was small and tempered by the sadness still present in his eyes, but it was something.
"Merry Christmas, Crowley." She murmured.
Dean nodded.
"And you're sitting in my chair." Metatron added and at his words Castiel's hands were cuffed to the armrests.
As he wiped down another plate and went to put it away in the cupboard, he cleared his throat awkwardly and turned to the sheriff.
He made his way back to the Impala and climbed into the driver's seat.
"Yeah, cause you're a crappy shot Katniss."
He blinked back tears as he finished and looked over at Castiel who was gazing at him with eyes bright from unshed tears, and Dean shot him a small, wobbly smile.
Dean sighed and nodded.
"Don't swear." She turned to Crowley. "Tell me what is going on!" she demanded, "Why are we in here?"
"Well played, Castiel. Obviously, you and Gadreel managed to turn a few dead enders against me."
The former angel shrugged.
"Hey Cas." He greeted, forcing false calm into his voice, a life-long habit borne from his need to keep his emotions hidden and his head above water.
"Castiel." Suzy said, looking toward the fallen angel, "I understand that you are still a virgin."
Cas shrugged. "It seems the most apt term for what occurred."
Dean put a hand on Castiel's shoulder as the angel let his head fall into his hands.
Dean and Cas broke away, breathing heavily and leaning against each other, foreheads pressed together as they caught their breath.
"Hmmm," Cas hummed happily into Dean's lap.
Hell, Sonny had been more of a father to him in two months than John Winchester had been to him his entire life. Sonny had taken an interest in him, had pushed him to excel in school, had gone to his wrestling competitions and had cheered for him. Sonny had told him he was proud of him. And just now, as they were leaving, Sonny had acknowledged his relationship with Cas in such an offhand, casual manner, as though it was no different from any other relationship, as though it was normal. As though it was acceptable.
“You know how I was raised; like a soldier, a warrior. Trust doesn’t come easy to me but I don’t know…somehow I’ve trusted you since to moment I met you. I don’t know how or why, just that there seems to be this…bond between us.” Dean’s eyes were bright with affection as he looked down into Castiel’s perpetually sad ones. He swallowed, hands shaking as he raised them from shoulders to cheeks, threading his fingers through the soft, dark hair at the nape of Cas’s neck, “I love you Cas.”
"What's up, Sammy?" he asked as Sam grabbed a chair and took a seat.
Dean stopped, pausing for a moment before turning.
"Buddy who?" Dean asked.
Dean considered his words. To go from an all-powerful heavenly being full of grace and righteousness to just another grunt tethered to the earth; to fall from grace the way Castiel had, perhaps he was right. Perhaps he wasn't ready for this.
"Our dad had just died and I was still getting over my old girlfriend Jess's death and Sarah had lost her mom so…"
"I'm sorry Dean. I have to do this. For every person who has ever been possessed by a demon, for every person caught in the crossfire. For Sarah and Bobby and Rufus and Jess and Mom. And you Dean. I have to do this. I'm sorry."
"And when you prayed, how did you know you wouldn't get one of them?"
Right.
"It's okay if he joins us, right?" she asked.
Castiel shook his head.
Castiel's voice broke as he spoke the name of his daughter and he paused to collect himself, staring wistfully at nothing in particular. After a few moments he cleared his throat, pursing his lips to stop them from shaking as he continued.
"Look Cassie, it was burning out and ready to take you with it. I did you a favour."
Dean pulled him in, planting a soft kiss on the messy dark brown hair before turning his head and resting his cheek on it, rubbing lightly at Cas' shoulder.
"I'm sorry." Dean said softly, averting his eyes and staring down at the comforter.
"We merged. Became one. My grace and your soul. It was the only way to reverse the damage."
She reached down and lifted him into her arms and as she did so, Dean felt a warm embrace that he had not felt in a lifetime; arms wrapping securely around him, holding him, protecting him.
"Cas? What's wrong?" he asked, concern colouring his tones as he laid his hand on the other man's shoulder.
"Cas, what are you doing?"
"On Angels and Other Heavenly Beings."
Dean and Cas hadn't really announced their relationship, too busy hunting and fighting a ghost to talk.
"No, Dean." Sam cut him off before he could come up with some lame ass reason for not telling Sam, like 'it's for your own good' or 'you don't have no know' or the classic 'it doesn't matter Sammy, just drop it'.
Terror rose in Castiel as the thug moved over to Dean and grabbed him by the hair, pulling him up, ignoring Dean's cries of pain.
"Anyway." Sam said in an attempt to steer the conversation back to the topic at hand. "You said there was a witness?"
Dean looked up again to see Sam smiling at him with distinctly misty eyes.
Castiel looked over at Michael who had still not said anything, pride and love blooming in his chest for the person his daughter was growing into. He squeezed her shoulder, tears pricking at the corner of his eyes, lump growing uncomfortable in his throat. His eldest brother looked from Charlie to Claire to Castiel, his face holding an expression of apology. He said nothing, but nodded his head. The room let out a collective sigh of relief and Charlie turned back to Dorothy.
"Ummm…Cas?"
There was another pause and Cas felt righteous indignation rise up. It had been three months and he was only just saying this?
Dean cleared his throat.
"Yes, I'm fine." he assured the hunter.
"Are you sure?" Dean asked breathlessly.
"I'm really happy for you. And proud of you. You deserve this."
Cas chuckled.
"Yeah, well, I guess that's what happens when you fall in love with an angel. Not really surprising though, given our lives."
Sam nodded.
Maybe, just maybe, he could find some way to be okay with this new life of his.
He moaned into the angel's mouth, darting his tongue in and basking in the heat that surged through him.
He was dreaming.
Castiel nodded, bringing his attention back to his sandwich.
But it was too late because Sam had already clamped his bleeding hand over Crowley's mouth and yelled "Lastra!"
Castiel sat sipping his coffee and shrugged.
Crowley looked at him with raised eyebrows.
"Umm."
“A demon walked the earth.”
"Dean." He filled his voice with as much grace as he could muster without blowing the lights. "Nothing you say can change the way I feel about you."
"Oh come on!" Gabriel interrupted loudly and vigorously.
"Yes." Cas answered, "I do not know if he is telling the truth or a lie but regardless, many angels have been killed."
Dean and Cas returned to the news that they now knew how to trap Vesta, but were unable to summon her since they had neither the requisite ingredients nor any way of obtaining them.
"Yes." Castiel confirmed, "Dean's bed is much comfier. It's memory foam."
"How's what?"
"Hey." he said with a smile, sitting himself down on the edge of the tub
"Cas, you just gave up an entire army for me. No, there's no way that you blew those people away. Granted, you did take your sweet time saying no."
A noise alerted him to a nearby phone booth that stood defaced and decrepit on the curbside and when Dean got there he saw Castiel, bruised and bleeding, slumped in the corner.
, Castiel never
"…oh."
Dean glowered but sighed and turned to Crowley, glaring at hm. The man held up his hands in supplication.
"I know how fragile the human body is, how easy it would be to just end it all. And yet the more time I spend in this form, in this mortal vessel, the more I find myself clinging to life. The desire to continue to survive is so strong." Cas turned his head to look at Dean with confused eyes, "I don't understand, Dean."
Cas looked at him, pain shining through his blue eyes.
"I am concerned that my body's gender is…off-putting to your brother. He seems to enjoy kissing but whenever we move further, he pulls away. I just need to know if it's me, if perhaps I'm doing something wrong. I never thought…" Cas lowered his gaze to the table, tracing the grain of the wood. "I never imagined I would be able to have this relationship with Dean. He always seemed so closed off despite our…bond. But now…" Sam watched as a small smile graced the former angel's mouth and his eyes softened, "Now I cannot imagine life without him." He turned his gaze once more on Sam. "If I ruin this, like I've ruined everything else I have touched, I…" his gaze dropped in shame, "I don't want to have to continue on without it…without him."
Castiel regarded the hunter over the rim of his cup.
"Right, well…okay how about…well you mentioned Cas before." Dean's wince at the mention of the fallen angel did not escape Sam's notice. "How about we start with how you feel about what happened."
"Gadreel."
"Thank you."
Crowley sighed but passed the phone back before standing and taking his dishes to the sink. It wasn't much, but it was a start. And in the end that was really all he could hope for.
Sam nodded in understanding.
“So, we have some news.” He said, taking Sarah’s hand in his and smiling adoringly at her before turning around to look at the rest of the table. “Sarah and I are getting married.”
“Right about what?” Cas asked curiously.
"Dean, it was my fault. I should have been paying more attention to you, I should not have—"
Following Thanksgiving, things were good for about two weeks.
"I'm sorry." he laughed, a pathetic attempt to hide the breakdown.
Dean, Cas and Charlie were in Dean's room rooting around through the paraphernalia he'd managed to accumulate, looking for the key.
Dean stood and began moving towards Metatron but with a casual gesture, Dean was once again flying back into the wall and crashing to the ground, pain blooming. Metatron approached slowly as Dean fought to regain the use of his lungs, gasping helplessly as the the wannabe god knocked the blade out of his hand and kicked him in the face before stomping down hard on his wrist.
"No argument from me. I'd rather not die."
"If I had you'd be dead now."
"Oh yeah?" he asked. A shock of anxiety spiked through him at the thought that this might be something he was not entirely prepared for but he shut it down quickly. He wasn't going there. Not today.
Sam woke with a crick in his neck and rubbed his eyes as he glanced over at his brother. Dean was still fast asleep in the same position he'd been in when he had passed out and had luckily not thrown up again. He checked his watch – it was late morning so he stood and made his way to the kitchen. He was just finishing off some pancakes when Dean stumbled in, still wearing the clothes from last night, and fell into a chair at the table.
There was a chorus of 'Stay strong, stay pure' that did not fail to creep the hell out of Dean.
"Well, I couldn't very well say 'I'm suicidal and you're the only thing tethering me to life', could I?"
Dean stared long and hard at his brother, hoping he would chuckle and say 'just kidding' and that would be the end of it. But he didn't.
Cas' eyes widened in shock and he pulled Dean off of him.
Crowley emerged from the shadows, eyebrows raised as he sauntered forward slowly, hands in pockets, taking all the time in the world.
Sam raised his eyebrows as Dean glanced over.
When they arrived at Bobby’s Castiel gathered their luggage and, after greeting everyone warmly, sent Dean a significant glance before disappearing upstairs to unpack.
"And you have no memory of being dead?"
"Alright, see you then, boys."
Castiel finished chewing his food and swallowed, shaking his head.
Castiel nodded.
Cas lay down, fitting his face into the crook of Dean's neck while Dean wrapped him tightly in his arms. Safe in his arms.
Castiel sighed.
Sam left, shutting the door behind him, and Cas looked back to find Dean with his head bowed, fidgeting with his fingernails. He reached his hands out and covered Dean's, ceasing the anxious movement. Dean's gaze came up, nervous and tentative, as though waiting for Cas to snap out of whatever spell he'd been put under and leave in disgust. Cas shook his head mentally at the fear he saw in the hunter's eyes, knowing Dean, and knowing exactly what was going though his mind.
"What the hell are you talking about? We don't do that."
"Please. We need information."
"It's wordplay." Cas wondered. "And the answer is the key, like the doors of Durin in Lord of the Rings."
Eventually, the small, furry animal fell asleep beneath Castiel's tender ministrations and the angel dropped him gently back into his cage before turning to Dean.
To his surprise, Dean didn’t scoff at the sappy words and stalk off to tinker with the blue muscle car they'd pulled up in. Instead, Bobby watched as tears welled up in the boy's eyes and he began to sense that this went deeper than a sexual crisis over his feelings for Castiel.
Cas sagged, his face littered with blood and bruises, hands and feet chained.
"Only because you didn't have a choice." Sam pulled back and grabbed hold of Dean's shoulders, staring him plain in the eye. "You're too good and selfless a person to let your little brother go cold and hungry. You have sacrificed so much for me, even when I wasn't even asking you to. You're a good person and you deserve all the love you can get and don't you let anyone, including yourself, tell you otherwise."
"I'm not all that special Cas." he said in a voice that Cas had come to learn meant he was trying to mask his deeper emotions.
He looked down at the broken appendage as well, unsure of what to say. Cas looked up at him.
Sam's face coloured, no way was he coaching Cas on how to come on to his brother.
John was tall and silent, his hair the same dark brown as Castiel’s and his eyes serious as he took in Dean in a way that reminded him uncomfortably of his father. His handshake had nearly broken Dean’s hand with its strength.
"I got it, I got it." he said by way of explanation, before turning and putting the phone to his ear, "Sonny, hey….So what's up?…Okay…All right…Yeah, just sit tight, I'll be there as soon as I can…Yeah."
Sam shrugged.
"Yeah, yeah, I know."
Dean shot her a wry smile.
"Actually," the stranger said, "I'm here looking for my brother. I was wondering if you'd seen him?"
"Perhaps you require more incentive?" he said and glanced over at Theo who nodded once more.
"What do I call you?" Dean asked, sitting forward in his chair.
Dean sighed and gestured with the two hands that held the water and aspirin. The guy took the hint and swallowed the pills, chasing them with the water and closing his eyes briefly in pleasure as he rehydrated himself.
Thanks to Rainbow Fruit Loop for Betaing.
"Just don't try it again, you hear?"
And he had desperately wanted to get away from his dad.
Because a guy Dean brought home, drunk out of his mind, couldn't have a normal name like James or Steve. No. Castiel. No last name just…Castiel.
"Oh yeah?" Sam quipped. "And whose fault was our downfall in the first place, huh?"
Dean nodded.
"Sounds like. Uh, and she sang soprano for the Melody Ministry Glee Club."
"Please, I'm not blind. I can see the way two you look at each other."
"Okay then…babe." He tried it out again and looked over to see Cas grinning again.
"So," Dean said, "I guess being all powered up again means you don't have to sleep, huh?"
The least he could do was help Castiel in saving the world by buying him a little time.
Cas glanced up at Dean and then away.
"Do you not think it more fitting to choose a tree that will perish anyway rather than cut down one that might otherwise live for hundreds of more years? At least this way it can be a part of something special before it dies."
"Gabriel wait." Castiel's low voice halted the angel who had turned to leave. He spun back.
Time passed and he began to wonder if maybe Crowley had been lying to him, deceiving him. If, perhaps, he had never intended to allow Castiel in. Perhaps he could go into town. Find a phone. Call Dean.
"Yes." he confirmed, unlocking the passenger door of the Impala one-handed and settling him in the seat, before rounding the car and getting in behind the wheel. He turned to Cas, whose head was lolling back, resting against the top of the seatback. "If you feel like you're gonna puke, tell me immediately, because if you puke in the car, so help me…"
"Hey, at least you held your own with three guys against you, most people can't even defend themselves against one."
Dean shook his head.
He then sighed and sank into Castiel's vacated chair, rubbing his tired eyes.
Kevin looked blankly at him.
Dean brought his head forward and touched Cas' lips with his own, reveling in the wave of pleasure that washed over him as he did so. It took a few moments for the sleeping man to respond but soon enough Cas had opened his mouth and Dean had slipped his tongue in and Castiel made a sound that went straight to Dean's groin. He pulled away, terrified of what would happen if they kept going. He really didn't want to have a flashback or panic attack in front of Cas.
Dean was so kind and giving, could Castiel really open himself up to love again? It had been so painful before. The loss, the grief, the gnawing emptiness that swallowed everything. Everything except Dean.
And that’s when his stalled brain restarted and Dean felt like he had been kicked in the gut.
"When they say my name," he gasped, "perhaps I won't just be the one who let the serpent in. Perhaps I will be known as one of the many…"
“Hey, Hey!”
"Dean?" The voice was weak and pained but utterly familiar and it sent a jolt of relief though the hunter.
Sam cleared his throat after a few moments of uncomfortable silence and staring.
“Hey, don’t worry about it. Sometimes you gotta do things for-”
"I just need a moment." Cas pleaded.
"Oh shit, sorry Cas." He loosened his grip and Cas leaned into him, resting his face in the crook of Dean's neck and breathing heavily through his nose. Dean ran his hands lightly over the former angel's back. "You okay?"
come back."
The eldest Novak remained silent but from beside Castiel, a voice spoke up.
He rested his hand, fingers splayed, over Dean's chest, feeling the comforting pounding of his heart in his chest.
Dean grinned and pressed a kiss to his hair.
"It is certainly possible. Angels were not built to lead, they were created to follow; to take orders. Heaven has been in disarray for so long. Between Raphael and Naomi and…me." He sighed and shook his head, "And now being stranded on earth, wingless and separated. Angels are happiest when they have a purpose to serve, regardless of what that purpose is. If a few select angels with enough ambition were to take charge, the others would follow willingly."
He had gasped.
"Dean, please!" Cas protested, but the hunter continued.
"Don't get your pants on fire." Dean answered, "They suck."
“I love you too Dean.” He answered, tilting his head back and leaning up to press a soft kiss against the other man’s lips.
"I know you're excited to have your boyfriend back, but the staring is a bit much."
"I trust Dean, and I'm a pretty good judge of character. You seem alright."
The voice was horse and gruff and so utterly familiar that it took Dean a moment to register what it signified. As it was, the sound of it shocked him so much he ceased crying and, with his heart pumping and blood rushing in his ears, he sat up, his eyes skimming the bed and desk and floor until they came to rest on a pair of booted feet. His eyes traveled upward, taking in the dark slacks and tan coat and white shirt that still lacked a tie until he was staring up at Castiel standing in the doorway to their room, his manner calm and collected as it always was.
Dean's voice echoed in his head once more, tones soft and sad. Cas could picture him sitting alone in the bunker, head bowed, shoulders slumped, exhausted from once again trying to carry all of his anguish by himself.
“Hey.” He answered back.
Sam and Dean's guns came up instinctively when Crowley appeared in the doorway to the ransacked kitchen. Charlie and Dorothy had just returned from the armory with four poppy bullets and they were just distributing them when the former demon appeared in the entrance, out of breath and hands raised in supplication.
Dean blinked, stunned, brow furrowed and he brought his hand up to shield his eyes from the lights that shone only on him as he stood from his perch.
"How's umm…you know…" He gestured vaguely and Dean frowned.
"No! Well, actually yeah, you could do with a good lay, but in this situation, no." Dean turned to Cas and sent him a significant glance
"MIA." Dean tried to cover the tremor in his voice with a cough but Sam could tell his brother was worried about the angel. "Last I saw him he was going to confront Metatron. Looks like it didn't go well."
Sam sent a significant glance Cas' way and Dean sighed, setting down his food and really concentrating on the connection with his partner which, for the last few minutes he had largely been ignoring in favour of the awesome breakfast the angel had made for him. Guilt and sadness and loss poured through and Dean sighed.
"I sure can."
Castiel shook his head.
"There is a wicked witch running rampant through the bunker." He explained.
He felt a jolt as Dean sent out yet another prayer, his voice sounding so small and lost and sad. He picked up the pace, moving to a light jog before breaking into a full tilt run, his need to be with Dean fuelling his way. As he moved he felt his wings unfurl, skeletal frames useless but still yearning to participate in his flight. He flapped them experimentally and perhaps it was just his imagination but he felt a burst of speed at the movement of the monstrous limbs. So he ran, his broken wings, while they could no longer support him in flight, lending what they could to get him closer and closer to Dean.
Dean got to the street corner Cas had given him and stepped out of the Impala, looking around frantically for the injured man, he'd stopped responding about a mile back and Dean was now in full panic mode.
Those were the words that finally broke the hunter. Bobby pulled the boy towards him into a one armed hug, letting him cry onto his shoulder like he had when Sam died. Dean cried for a good five minutes and when his sobs finally died down Bobby thought that would be the end of it.
But he let Dean pick him out a suit anyway and while Dean was trying to decide between blue and black, Castiel fingered the tan overcoat on the mannequin he stood beside. It was similar to his old one but nicer, more fitted. Also it wasn't covered in blood, which was a plus. He missed his overcoat; missed what it had come to symbolize and the memories he had come to associate it with. He remembered when Dean had pulled it out of the trunk of his car after Castiel regained his memories. The way it had been washed and folded, taken care of, the last vestiges of Castiel Dean had to hold onto. He remembered the way Dean would sometimes straighten it when it had become disheveled because sometimes Castiel forgot about the cloths, they were just and extension of his vessel after all and a new concept to him. He remembered how it had felt like a safety blanket after he had taken on Sam's burden, when his mind was unstable, his thoughts elusive, forever flying away from him. He remembered using it to protect himself, arm himself as though, if he could wrap himself up in the old Castiel's coat, he could become that angel again, but better: more compassionate, more astute, less foolhardy.
Dean stood, looking down on his unconscious brother.
The drive up to Bobby’s was largely uneventful, Castiel asked Sarah about her life, what had driven her to study art and later pursue a Masters in curatorship. She in turn told him about her mother and how she had been a fabulous painter and antique dealer.
“Out with what?”
All three stared at each other for a moment, Sam fighting to keep the smile off his face.
"Oh Sam. I don't make promises I can't keep." Jody shrugged, "It's just, I enjoy church. I mean, after…after Bobby, Crowley… I needed something that made sense to me. You know, comfort I guess."
Castiel reached out a hand and gently turned Dean's face back to look at him.
"Cas?" he asked. After five days of nothing from the fallen angel Dean's heart was hammering in his chest at the sound of that voice.
"No, forget Cas. Why are
Dean shot Sam an irritated glare but sat up straighter in his seat and stared at the wall.
Cas pulled himself up and turned, staring, or attempting to stare, at Dean with serious, half-lidded eyes.
The younger Winchester smiled wryly at his older brother.
No one spoke.
Dean looked up to see Cas dressed in the suit he'd bought him in the department store on his first day in the bunker.
Sam considered the question.
"You're welcome."
"Cas! Hey, are you okay?" he asked softly, moving forward and laying his hands on his shoulders.
"Yes, Dean?" Cas answered with his head still buried in Dean's neck.
"I thought talking about it was supposed to fix it. That's what all the sappy movies and Sam always say."
The angel didn't respond right away and for a second Dean feared another Emmanuel incident, that the madness he'd released Sam from had somehow robbed him of himself and he'd forgotten everything again.
"What?"
"And I killed thousands during my time as God. Does that change how you feel about me?"
"Name it." Castiel said without hesitation.
"You've seen It's a Wonderful Life?"
Dean drew in a deep breath.
Ignoring the puzzled frown from Castiel and the shocked look from Dean, Charlie turned to give Sam one last hug before turning and passing through the doorway into Oz, a blinding smile on her face, off on her next big adventure.
"Yeah, well he's here."
Beside him Sam frowned.
Dean came awake with a gasp and Castiel sagged in relief at the sound of Dean breathing again.
"Well?" he said after a moment of just standing outside the entrance to the bunker, "Aren't you going to invite me inside your little man cave?
His brain stalled. He knew the word. It was a simple word. Five letters that’s all. Just five little letters. A simple English word. To be without company. Solo. Unaccompanied. But the word would not come. Like a handful of water it slipped away and he let out a scream that was equal parts anger, frustration, and grief.
"Yeah, you know, choking on a ladies room floor 'cause of witchcraft? Kind of makes a higher power seem relevant."
Cas moved to stand, wincing as he did. Dean helped him up, laying a steadying hand on his back as he swayed.
“Yeah, I guess your right. I suppose if Bobby and Ellen are okay with him too…I’m probably just overreacting, feeling guilty for leaving you to go back to school. Again.”
Dean shivered and pulled his arms closer in to his body, boots crunching over snow as he trudged deeper into the woods.
Sam rolled his eyes.
"Yeah, I mean, I know you like taking pictures, I just thought you'd like something better than your phone."
Castiel stormed out of the bunker, anger coursing through him, controlling him. He was an angel again. He could feel Theo's stolen grace burning in him, filling him with comfortably familiar power. But it was doing nothing at the moment to quell the rage that fuelled his exit. He strode out onto the street and stopped, staring out at the road that stretched before him.
Castiel stared up at him through cobalt irises, his face relaxing into an expression of tenderness.
Sam sat up and turned to Dean.
"Alright Dean, so long as you promise to be safe too."
"Okay, let's say you win, Dean, and I die. What's the world left with then, hmm? A herd of panty-waisted angels and you?"
"Oh!" he said as he narrowly avoided a collision, "I apologize."
Dean shifted, crossing and uncrossing his arms and clearing his throat before answering.
"Hmm." Dean said with a considering glance.
Bobby settled in his seat, sitting back and crossed his arms, Sam and Sarah grasped hands, and Ellen threw an arm around Jo, everyone sensing that the story they were about to hear would not be a happy one.
“I suppose you’re right. I just worry it’s too soon.”
"Well, someone brought me back. Why do we have to assume it's a bad thing? Good things do happen Dean."
"So, back to the bunker?" Dean asked. "Regroup, see what we can get on these guys and maybe check in with Kevin. Has he found anything?" he asked Sam.
"Don't." Dean said sharply, cutting him off. Cas looked up. "Don't do that."
“So you’re saying there’s nothing? That he’s going to be like this until his candle blows out?” Dean’s anger with the angel was rising. He was glad Castiel was back, so, so glad but still, the memory that this was all Cas’s doing ate at him and incited his ire.
"Yessssss."
“How’s he doing?”
“You sure?”
Sam rushed through the halls of the bunker, tearing around corners and skidding into the main room, heading for the library. Entering, he glanced around, searching for Dean and Cas who were not in the gym nor the gun range nor their bedroom nor any other place he had searched so far.
"Hey, Dean."
"C2E2 dude! Best comic convention east of San Diego!" She gushed, pulling her car into a loading bay and stepping out.
"Well, it's a long way back to Kansas. And it'll be a hell of a lot nicer drive in the morning so…" He glanced lasciviously at the angel and fed his growing desire through the connection.
"Whatever." The younger Winchester shot back. "Well, have fun." he teased, turning to go.
Cas looked up from the book he had been reading with an uncertain look on his face.
"Oh." Sam deflated a little and Dean sent him a significant glance. "I guess it wouldn't hurt."
"Yeah, I'm going." he said, making his way toward the hallway that led to the rest of the bunker.
Sam stared down at the memories and the new journal and then looked up at Dean with distinctly watery eyes.
"I feel so weak and helpless. Everything hurts." He looked up into Dean's eyes, his own glossy and bloodshot from the tears, "I used to be an angel Dean. I miss being an angel. I miss heaven and I miss hearing my brothers and sisters and I miss flying." His gruff voice softened to a whisper, "I miss my wings." His gaze wandered. "Sometimes I think I can still feel them; their weight. How good it used to feel to stretch them, to feel the air on them as I flew. I miss the wind and the sky and the freedom. I miss my home, Dean."
"Don't you dare apologize."
"Why don't we just invite Metatron over for tea and ask him politely to reopen heaven and give you your grace back? I bet he'll do it if we say pretty please."
"And? What, are you blaming me for giving them what they want, giving them a brand they can believe in?"
"Yeah, I guess it's worth a shot. How's it going over there?"
. If that's not love, I don't know what is. Now call your boyfriend or I will call him for you."
The angel's face twisted at Sam's words.
Cas still looked apprehensive.
"You know? I think I'm going to like the twenty-first century."
"How're you feeling?" he asked softly.
"Very well. My name is Gadreel."
Castiel's head shot up. Hands shaking.
“Look man, I get it, she’s not our friend. We don’t even have friends. All our friends are dead.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sighed and moved to lean against the cheap kitchen table, crossing his arms and feet.
"One oh three. Bring coffee." Dean added. "Lots of coffee."
Dean ducked his head and Castiel reached out a hand to raise it, frowning and tilting his head.
Jimmy Novak had died that night in the Roadhouse. Drowned in grief and whiskey and loss.
To anyone who is following The Things We Hide, I apologize for the lack of update last week, in the last two months I have changed jobs and moved three times (once across the country) suffice it to say, I am a little overwhelmed and mentally exhausted and I know how I want it to end, I'm just having a little trouble getting there so bear with me!
"Hey," Dean shrugged, "You know what my prayers sounded like. Can't imagine you can do any worse."
"Bobby's right Dean. What Dad did…it was wrong, so wrong. Pure and simple."
"That's fine Dean." Sam said, watching as his brother's ire cooled, "But you know you're going to have to tell Bobby eventually."
"Oh I think we're way beyond that." Sam threw back and was pleased that it had the desired effect of pushing his brother's shaky mirth into halfhearted laughter, until that laughter devolved into tears.
"Lesbian?" Charlie supplied and Dorothy's cheeks reddened before her face split into a grin.
"My angelic name is 18 syllables long." she answered. "Let's stick with Flagstaff."
Cas frowned.
Hannah backed away and Castiel cowered as, with a yell, Gadreel's cell exploded.
Sam’s only hope.
"Well hey. You've still got us."
Jody sighed.
A phone vibrating loudly against the wood of the table interrupted him, and he had to lift several books before finding Dean's phone, Castiel's serious face peering out at him from the screen with 'Babe Calling' proclaimed at the top.
Dean frowned.
But it all seemed worth it somehow, just to be able to lie here with this man in his arms. To give up eternity for one man was worth it for moments like these when it was just the two of them.
"Wookiee." he explained with a grin.
Castiel looked up at Dean and brought his other hand up join the first cupping Dean's face.
"It's extinct."
Jody shook her head.
"No, no, it's okay." He smiled half-heartedly, "It was a long time ago. Anyway, turned out the fire was set. Arson. My dad became obsessed with tracking down the guy who did it and along the way he just started trying to take down everyone else who had escaped from the long arm of the law. I was raised in crappy motels and this baby here," he said, patting the black hood of the Impala on which they sat, "taking care of Sammy whenever dad went off on a job.
Kevin nodded.
"Hey, Cas."
"I'm sorry sir but I can't give out that information-"
Dean nodded.
, he argued with the voice,
"About your grace. About the fact that you're losing it. About the fact that Metatron implied it was going to kill you when it was gone."
"So you just hit the virginity 'do over' button and all's good with the man upstairs?" Out of the corner of his eye Dean could see Castiel rolling his eyes at Dean's ungraceful choice of phrase.
"Wait, what?"
"Because those are the rules Cas." Dean said by way of explanation.
"That is a very pleasant way to wake up." He said, his voice lower and gruffer than ever with sleep.
"'Obtain the ingredients'," he read, "'heart, bow, Grace.' Blah, blah, blah. 'Mix until the smoke shall rise from the ashes casting the angels from heaven.' Blah, blah, - Oh." He lowered the page and glanced up at the other occupants of the room. "It's irreversible."
Cas looked down and fidgeted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam was looking murderously at Cas, clearly assuming the fault lay with him. Cas couldn't fault him for the assumption.
He picked it up and answered it.
"I don't know." he said in a gruff voice.
"Your father was homophobic?" Cas asked softly and Dean looked up to find blue eyes staring at him as though he was the only thing in the universe. He sighed and nodded.
"I want to give you something." Cas whispered, his breath tickling Dean's ear and his low voice rumbling in pleasurable vibrations through Dean's chest where Cas lay. "For your birthday." he added.
So this chapter spans from 7x21 to 9x01.
"Yeah, except for the angels you had Gadreel kill." Sam pointed out.
"So Castiel, how do you enjoy working here?" Sarah asked.
And now the angels were falling.
Dean's expression was dubious but he smiled and nodded, leaning over to place a soft kiss on Cas' mouth. He shut his eyes and relaxed into the arms of the angel who held him. It was all still there, the pain of his father's betrayal and the shame of his own weakness. It was a constant presence, a part of him that he knew would never fully leave. But here, in Castiel's arms, it felt...distant. Here he was safe. Here he was loved. Here his nightmares couldn't touch him. Not so long as he had his angel to watch over him.
Dean looked like he wanted to protest, to prove that he could still do the job but the idea of going out there… he shuddered.
"Alright." She said laconically.
"How's the rebellion going?" he asked after an unknowable period of comfortable silence.
"Wish I could help you there, but unless you've got any more dead languages for me to translate, I really can't."
“Nearly a year ago, Cas’s wife and daughter were killed. Violently. Right in front of him.”
Sam's frown deepened.
"I'm a mess Dean. I…I'm just really screwed up right now and I don't even know how to begin talking about it. I-"
He offered Dean his hand and pulled the hunter to his feet, leading him to a goodly sized spruce standing proud amongst the others. Its branches were dense and strong, they would hold ornaments and lights well, and it was tall, nearly eight feet. Dean assessed it and nodded. It was a beautiful tree.
"Why?" He asked softly, staring in wonder down at him.
"What? It was Cas."
He turned, opening the door and allowing Castiel back into the room, leaving Crowley to ponder his words.
"Hit my hand, Cas." Dean said.
"Next time, not that there's going to be a next time mind, but if there is you pick up the phone and you call. Got it?"
It was Dean's turn to frown.
"Who are you to lecture me on lying? Your deception led to the fall."
"Can't say that I have." He answered, shrugging and handing the picture back to the stranger.
"He had me in some kind of fabricated alternate universe. I was still aware of you but that may have been a part of the construction."
"What about last year, after purgatory. What you said then."
"Would you rather I not try at all?" he countered.
"But Sam, I don't know what move it is I am meant to make."
He stared down at the phone. God, he missed Cas.
So here he was, standing with Dean as they looked for Sam and Sarah amongst the throngs of people.
"Come on work with me here." Dean said, trying to keep the guy upright as they made their way slowly towards the front of the tavern.
"All right," Sam said, "I'm gonna get us another round."
"That is what I feel for you, Dean Winchester."
"Not for that. Well…not just for that." He fixed Dean with his gaze so that Dean couldn't look away.
Cas glanced away but did not let go of Dean's hand.
Sam nodded. "Yeah. Too many things are things."
"And what about you two?" she asked, eyeing Cas in a way that sparked a tiny chord of territorial possessiveness in Dean.
“Oh, by the way?” She said, looking back over her shoulder, “That was super hot.”
"Yeah. Listen, where are you?"
"Actually, it was Sam's idea."
Dean made a non-committal noise and they lapsed back into silence.
He survived Cas getting left behind despite the ache of loss that sat heavy in his soul when he remembered the relief at finally finding the angel by that river, how good it had felt to hold him, feel him real and solid. To know that this was
This time Dean let Castiel place a hand on his shoulder as an unspoken show of support.
"Yeah, well, try telling him that." Dean muttered, shifting and dragging a hand down his tired face. "Anyway, he got really pissed. Started yelling and calling me names. Then he left to go drinking and when he got back…"
“Thank you so much Castiel. Mrs. Winchester!” She beamed up at Sam as he wrapped his arm around her shoulder, “I like the sound of that.”
The angel looked back down at the box and smiled.
"Alright…Castiel. Uhh, enjoy your shower I guess."
For a long moment Dean allowed himself to bask in the possibility that he could have
"You're not dealing with that stuck up bitch, are you?
Cas looked back at Dean.
"Hey Sarah." He said, moving in for a much gentler hug.
"You had one too many Daiquiris last night." he answered, grabbing the bottle of aspirin he'd retrieved and shaking out a few. "Here. Sit up."
Dean's insides went cold.
The happy, relaxed (albeit slightly argumentative) atmosphere of the bunker broke when it was revealed that Dorothy and a very pissed off mute Wicked Witch had been released from some binding spell and were currently running amuck.
"First of all, don't ever say that, it's 'go to the bathroom'. Second, what do you want for breakfast, eggs or pancakes?"
Clare nodded, "okay."
Charlie smiled, "You too."
Dean nodded, not looking up.
"Yes. But I've been blocking it out." he said softly.
to sate it. Also Benny wasn't there. Cas looked up as his mind lingered on his lost friend and squeezed his hand in a silent show of support. Dean smiled and stopped, pulling the angel in and kissing him hard, hands tangling in hair and wing feathers as he celebrated finally having his angel all to himself.
Dean shook his head and held up his hand.
"I am not hiding!" the ginger haired nerd argued.
He opened his mouth but nothing came out. He wanted to move forward, to shout the angel’s name, to hold him and know he was real and solid, and then to shoot him for his unbelievably bad decisions. After all, he was an angel, he should have known better. Dean wanted to ask him how he’d survived the reservoir, where he’d been, why he hadn’t come back…
"Because you give off this vibe of never wanting to talk about anything, and Cas is too scared of disappointing you or losing you to push you."
"It seemed appropriate." he explained, holding out the tie.
"Promise?"
"Wha—?" he asked, eyes cracking open, taking in his partner hovering over him and his brother standing a few feet away. "Wuzzat?"
It took a few seconds for Dean to remember how to talk.
"What is it?" he asked softy, taking one of Cas' hands in both of his.
It was a long shot but Dean felt he should ask first.
"There are two. It could be Auburn or Ogden."
Sam slept most of the drive, his body still very weak despite the fact that it was slowly healing itself. Dean pounded back cup after cup of crappy gas station coffee as he drove to Cas.
"Dude, I thought you were gonna drive a few more hours before we stopped?"
"Whatever Samantha."
He pulled out the angel blade he had stashed in his coat sleeve. No way was he entering a room with a crazed angel without some kind of back up.
Dean glared and went back to Cas' injury.
He closed his eyes and tried to conjure every memory he had of his and Castiel's time together, the good and the bad, the joy and the tears, quiet moments just before sleep or just after waking when the world felt no bigger than their bed.
Heaven could wait.
Once inside, Dean sat down and gestured for the angel to do the same when he hung back, loitering in the doorway.
Cas looked up.
"You're sure this is all right?"
So Sam decided to wait and let Dean work through this in his own time, even if his own time moved at a snail's pace.
Cas nodded.
The elder Winchester struggled to his feet and took off. Sam grabbed their bags and followed after him, finally catching up to him in the garage where he was trying, and failing, to unlock the car with unsteady hands.
"Good, good. Things are good." he answered succinctly.
There was silence before Castiel spoke.
For a long moment they just sat there, staring at each other before Dean realized what he was doing and broke the eye contact, clearing his throat, dropping his hand, and looking away. What was this a Stephanie Meyer novel? Shifting in his place beside Cas so that he was a few millimeters further away from the newly human angel, Dean brought his attention back to Cas' battered torso.
Sam huffed and leaned back against the pillows.
Sam was at the end of his rope. Both Dean and Cas' phones had been left behind in the motel room, and, when he'd come back with dinner to find the door knocked off its hinges, his brother and the former angel were nowhere to be found. The motel manager had raged at him when he'd found Sam packing up their stuff, threatening to sue for damages before Sam had told him to charge everything to the card on file and left without another word. Kevin had stopped picking up a few hours back and the sun was now beginning to rise and Sam had no information, no leads, and no idea what had happened to Dean and Cas. He was beginning to wonder whether or not he should head back to the bunker when his phone rang from an unknown number.
"But doesn't it, though?" she questioned. "And the Cas you know, would he raise an army of angels without telling you? 'Cause this Cas did. I'll tell you a secret. There's more out there like me. So many more."
Dorothy cocked her head.
"Sam."
Castiel lay with his head on Dean's chest, listening to the other man's heart thumping loudly and feeling the familiar disappointment flood in once the pleasure had dissipated. Perhaps now that Dean had promised to come to him with his problems, he would be able to get to the bottom of this. He just hoped that whatever he was doing wrong was something that could be fixed.
"Really Sammy? You wanna do this now?"
"Sammy, you got to get out of here before he comes back."
He hated Crowley with a passion; the capture, the torture, the pursuit, Channing. Kevin closed his eyes. He could still see the casual, uncaring way Crowley had snapped her neck as he had escaped in the Impala. He struggled to control his breathing. The familiar rage surged through him at the memory of his now-dead girlfriend and how pointless her death had been.
