John takes a seat on the sofa. He decides to waste no time. “You've brought me here to tell me more about Sherlock?"
“There may be an app for it, you know,” John states one evening over Thai curry. “They make an app for everything these days.”
“It won’t be the last,” Sherlock promises, as though he’s been reading his mind. Perhaps he has been.
Molly is absolutely right. Sherlock knows this about John, but it didn’t even occur to him. It’s not that he’s ashamed of his past, of course; yes, he’s slept with other people, but what has that got to do with John?
soon,” Sherlock utters. “And now that they’ve honed in on your whereabouts, there is nothing keeping you alive.”
She walks over towards him, her body naked and glistening with sweat. Her eyes fall to the hardness below his waist, and she smiles with satisfaction.
But as he enters, Brook beams at him. “Your predictions were correct,” he says happily. “To the very last detail. Congratulations, Sherlock. You solved the case.”
Indeed, she knows how to use Sherlock’s weaknesses to her advantage. Each mention of his and John’s status as a new couple sends a wave of giddy hysteria over him, inducing uncharacteristically compliant behaviour.
John feels a surge of relief as she says this, gripping onto his phone. This will make things easier. “No worries at all," he says. "It's late."
The two women turn their heads towards John in a confused haze, but when they see the panicked look on his face, they immediately snap out of it.
“You were just... in the neighbourhood... at one in the morning? In the middle of a snowstorm?” William crinkles his forehead with confusion. “And were you...reciting the anatomy of the hand?” His expression is one of disbelief, but it also contains a possible hint of fond amusement.
John. In mere weeks, you have given me enough happiness to last an entire lifetime. Every kiss from you was worth at least a thousand more. I will never forget you.
"Those look sharp," John warns, letting go of Sherlock and swiping an array of weapons onto the ground. "Wow. They're also kind of heavy. Actually,
that's what Sherlock is happy about: this all helps them become more brilliant at acting the part. Sherlock—his Sherlock, ever the perfectionist. He's always known this about him.
Sherlock pulls his lips away to lick a trail of wetness across John’s neck and to his earlobe; he nibbles softly before whispering into his ear. "It's not something we’ve practiced."
But then, something else happens. As Sherlock leans away, his cool skin glides across Brook’s stubbled cheek, and he experiences yet another, wholly unfamiliar urge. His breath catches. Giving in to the urge, he drags his lips over Brook’s and softly begins to kiss them.
And if John’s hands are magic, his tongue is a fucking marvel. It swirls in and out and around Sherlock's mouth, sweeps over his lips as his fingers skim down his neck and over his bare shoulders.
"I don't mind," Sherlock responds. Because if John plans to continue touching Sherlock, Sherlock plans to continue letting him.
"Darling, you don't have to ask." John leaned forward and pressed his lips to the detective's, pulling away soon after. He didn't want Sherlock to feel like John was trying to push him. If Sherlock couldn't admit his feelings, then John wouldn't do anything to make him. "How's that?"
In just a few more hours, John had killed someone to save Sherlock's life. The moment he deduced what had happened, he told his assistant to form a new file, entitled 'Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson'. The two of them had a quality he'd never seen in his brother, nor in someone acquainted with his brother. John had something all the other goldfish didn't. Mycroft knew that Sherlock wouldn't be able to change back into the man he was before John, but he didn't think it would be so destructive in the end.
"You shouldn't want to be tied to a formerly sociopathic Freak with a penchant for dangerous experiments and deducing people." Sherlock ignored John's protesting expression at his use of the word Freak. "And yet, here we both are."
"Harriet, there is a great chance of you finding Clara. Her habits obviously include visiting this market, therefore, according to statistical probability, an encounter is far more likely to happen than not, so..." Harry had jumped up to hug him.
She didn't even mean to; a glass of wine every once in a while turned into one per night, which turned into three a night, which turned into abandoning wine and turning to beer bottle after beer bottle after beer bottle. On and on and on. Harry knew it was wrong, she knew it hurt her wife, she knew it made John angry and sad, she
"Who is it?" John knew it couldn't be him, it was the mysterious man that Sherlock hadn't named yet. But wasn't it over, since Sherlock was trying to recover?
"Point taken." Sherlock tried to nestle closer to John, even though there wasn't much closer they could get. "Harriet didn't come home last night."
"You think?" John spoke now from the side of the bed. He wasn't playing Lestrade anymore. Sherlock wondered why John had to play all the minor roles but Sherlock only had to play himself. "You should have gone with them quietly, saved some trouble. People aren't watching you now."
Clara fully woke up pretty fast after that. "You're completely right. We should go. He lives in 221B still?"
Lestrade's desk. He didn't bother trying to remember the man's first name anymore, he had more important things to do. "Let's start with a bit of information from me. I've been working on cases with you for years before you got demoted. Remember that? And yet, the year before this one is a blur, isn't it? You don't remember how you got demoted nor why."
"Most likely. I had something I had to ask you about before then." Sherlock paused. "Do you still love me? As in, do you still want to marry me? I understand perfectly if you don't, I am not anyone's ideal choice in mate."
and knew more about him than any single other person on the planet including his brother. Was that love, or friendship, or something as of yet unnamed? It scared him that originally he hadn't meant for this sort of confusion to come about. Just an experiment, he kept reassuring himself. But it wasn't.
"But it will happen, Sherlock Holmes." Mycroft was completely done with this. "He will either hate you or forgive you, and either way, you have to keep living. I want you to stay alive, and I'm sure he does too."
John didn't take any offense to his rudeness, because Sherlock had known for the past few weeks that was rude. "When I was fourteen, I knew this girl named Lynn. She was pretty and liked me, so she kissed me. Lynn had always been bolder than me. The problem was I had braces then, and I thought I would never get my first kiss while I had braces, so I ended scratching up her tongue. She thought that was horrible, and there ended my short relationship with Lynn." He paused. "Do you have a first kiss story?"
Mrs. Hudson gave him a knowing look. "Oh, that's alright, dear. I understand perfectly." She leaned in conspiratorially. "You know, if you want some
John rolled his eyes. "Yeah, yeah. His diet. Come on, if you can make pudding, you can sure as hell help me with this cake."
Once they were settled in a cab, John took Sherlock's hand. He knew the detective was bad at feelings, no one had to tell him, so he wanted to let Sherlock know it was okay. Sherlock had an ally in John, whether he knew or not.
And now, she had a date to plan for. Holy mother of all things good and gorgeous, Harry had no idea where to begin.
"Baby, you asked me to marry you. And I'm sorry that I can't unless I survive this and you'll still have me." John knew he was crying now, crying full out, and Sherlock was crying too. "I'm sorry for lying to you, I'm sorry I hurt you, and I'm sorry I have to take my last fatal fall. But I'm not sorry for loving you and I never will be."
John stared at his boyfriend. "I told you so," Sherlock said, the smirk back in full force on his face.
John started, running back into the kitchen, and finding it very not on fire. "William Sherlock Scott Holmes, why did you lie?!" he huffed.
Sherlock looked at her with, as the general public called it, 'new eyes'. "You remind me of one of my friends. And..." He hesitated, knowing he could be made vulnerable with the words, "you're absolutely right. I am not okay."
"Yes, John?" Sherlock tried to look as uninterested and cold as possible. John could read him better than anyone, so he had to be careful what he showed to him.
"Now, what do you want for breakfast?" John asked, standing up to grab the teapot. It was a little colder than he would have liked, but he'd heat it back up.
"What are you doing?" Clara asked, finally crying. Harry nodded, that was what was supposed to happen. Her love would cry, and then it all would get better.
"Because I was staring at you, so I wasn't paying attention to where I was going," Harry blurted. The minute she realized what she just revealed, Harry covered her mouth with her hand and flushed. There went her one chance. Where had her usual blunt humor gone? How was she even supposed to talk to that vision?
John woke up to two sets of footsteps coming up the stairs. He'd fallen asleep in his chair; his tea went cold long before, and he was still wearing Sherlock's dressing gown. The lighter, smaller-sounding steps were most likely Harry's, while the more purposeful, harder footfalls were probably Sherlock's. He wondered if at least Harry would apologize for leaving him in the middle of the night, taking his partner, and not telling him where they went. He doubted it.
John leaned forward and softly kissed Sherlock. "I love you." When the detective didn't reply, lips parted in his version of gaping, John continued, "I think I knew much earlier than now, but couldn't name it. You are everything to me: heart, mind, and body. It doesn't matter how we started, what matters is what we do right now."
"Am I a mystery?" Sherlock wondered aloud. "Is that why you stay? Because I'm a puzzle? Is it because I'm different? Because I know there's a gun in your bedside table and I'm not frightened or repelled by it? Why
When John woke up, the first thing he noticed was how artificially warm he was, without body heat, and he found he didn't like it. He looked down to see he was completely dressed, and on the couch. Okay, there were a lot of things strange about that. As John remembered what had happened the night before, he flushed.
"What are you talking about?" John could hear the note of anger in his voice, and he knew it would get bigger, but he couldn't help it. Moriarty had hurt him and Sherlock and Molly and he
The detective rolled his eyes. "I haven't been wrong..." He broke off. "...very often." He shook his head. "I've only been wrong a few times. Only a few that I can think of. Maybe a few more, but I probably deleted those. Or maybe I was high. Or..."
"Anderson, I wouldn't have to bring my own people on cases if you lot weren't so incompetent," Sherlock said, walking past Anderson without a second glance. The man fumed, but John just tried to choke down a laugh. Sherlock really had them all beat, didn't he?
The detective guy blushed really deep. "I woke up afterwards with every intention to leave, as I broke the promise I made to him the day we found you."
"Sherlock?" Harry sat up in bed. Clara shifted to make a few wild gestures asking about the call. Harry shook her head, she had no idea.
"If we get back a little early, I want to take you to bed and make love to you until we're both exhausted."
"What do you mean 'will be'? Have you had your first love yet?" John thought surely Sherlock had had
He finally broke the kiss but Sherlock still held him close. "John," he whispered, leaning in for another kiss.
Sherlock clapped Lestrade on the shoulder and all but shoved him towards the door. He'd unceremoniously evicted people from his presence many times but this seemed altogether gentler. John couldn't help but think Sherlock was glad that their friends now knew about them. John was glad. Mortified, but glad.
for him. I wanted him to know, I didn't hope for anything in return-" He looked down, pulling a deep breath into his lungs, closed his eyes for a moment while he composed himself.
He wasn't nervous, Sherlock didn't get nervous. But his heart was too fast and he was struggling to catch his breath as he strolled along Northumberland Street. He could put it down to the slight chill in the air but maybe this time he did know otherwise. The street lights were lit, a few people, mainly tourists ambling about and pub-goers claiming places in the rowdier establishments on the adjacent corners. Angelo's, tucked under its awning offered the quiet and solitude that Sherlock had always appreciated. He still appreciated it, but now he wanted to be with John. Everywhere. He was struggling with that concept. Years of being alone and content, and now when he was alone he wanted John there. Even just in the same room, certainly in bed - Sherlock had easily given up his middle position if it meant having John there to hold onto.
"Ok," Sherlock confirmed. "Well, I think we'd better get upstairs before Mrs Hudson puts two and two together and makes you regret ever meeting me."
Sherlock stood behind his own chair, looking a little too much like a waiter for a moment, before he said, "No, thank you, John, for being there for me last night." He leaned both hands on the back of the chair and his eyes showed nothing but sincerity as he gazed at John. "I wasn't feeling myself and you took hold of me - I don't just mean medically. I really appreciate it. And I realise the conversation we had was... surprising to you, I need to rethink how I go about approaching this."
"I want you to stop talking and kiss me," he said, and John did as he was asked, heart thumping at the command. Following orders wasn't something he'd considered once he found himself out of the army, but with Sherlock giving the commands, John loved it. He groaned against his friend's chest, holding fast still, neither willing to let the other go. His hand went to his own cock and he rubbed through the layers of clothes, continuing the kiss whilst trying to get as much friction as he could through his jeans. A second later he huffed out, "Why did I get dressed?"
Sherlock's eyebrows raised and John wondered if actually he should have kept that part to himself...
Sherlock studied him with wide eyes. "Feel free to take something off," he said, and he let his sheet drag away from his body as he shifted off John's lap, suddenly completely naked and apparently John was allowed to look, to touch... He kept his eyes on Sherlock's as he fumbled with his buttons, breathing out a small sigh of relief when he got his hand into his pants and took hold of himself properly. Then Sherlock was back in his lap, no sheet, just his lithe, firm body pressed up against John's; kissing his neck, his cheek, his lips, hands clutching tightly again to John's shoulders. While John stroked himself off.
"Thanks Mary," he said, and then lowering his voice, "Has he said anything else? You did tell him I have a full practice today?"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and nodded slowly. He picked up his glass of water and took a slow sip before reaching for the buttons on his suit jacket and unbuttoning one and then the next. He slid it off his shoulders and twisted to hang it over his chair before turning back and catching John's expression. Now he looked almost dazed, just watching Sherlock over his glass. What had Sherlock done to him now? It was all very well to test out a theory, but there was a time and a place and he wasn't sure that this was the right time to have put John into a lustful haze when Sherlock had wanted to practice having dinner. It might be fun though.
He helped Mrs Hudson with the bags and said goodnight at the foot of the stairs. Then he sat down on the bottom stair and let the clunk of the door drown out the sound of his heart breaking in pre-emptive horror at what Sherlock would say.
He straightened his shoulders, not looking at Sherlock again as he said, "Let's go and get this kettle then. I need a drink."
"Dinner?" he said, watching John carefully. Maybe they could have dinner afterwards, he thought as John took one more step and Sherlock felt the wall at his back.
He was on his toes, Sherlock pulling him easily up to meet his lips as they kissed again and again. John really didn't want to stop, the couple of glasses of wine were keeping his adrenaline levels up and his whole body was buzzing now that they were home, able to touch properly and his hands went to Sherlock's arse, squeezing.
Sherlock leaned back into the wall as John kissed him, he slipped his hands inside the shirt once he'd finished with the buttons, aware that Sherlock had dressed up for him and unable to compose himself long enough to ask if undressing him was actually annoying.
John's eyebrows rose as he pulled his lower lip between his teeth, a slow grin forming. Trust Sherlock to put the blame onto John here. "Would you have listened if I had?"
John's mood had been fixed now for days. He picked up his phone at the sound of the text alert and put it in his pocket without checking the screen. Sherlock looked over as John glanced up at him.
John sat up. "Sherlock, look, you've not done this before. I've not done this before. I'm just... we need to take it slowly so that we're both prepared."
"Sherlock," he murmured eventually, "I want you." He took Sherlock's face in between his hands in a gentle grasp, waiting until Sherlock opened his eyes before he kissed his lips - pushy, demanding entry, probing and sucking. Their bodies pressed together, perfectly aligned from chest to groin, John could feel Sherlock's movement's against him, sinuous, strong and wanting.
Amongst other topics on their way home, Sherlock brought up Harry again. He had received an email from her, desperate for another visit with John and trying to get Sherlock to persuade him.
John was trying, he really was, not to question everything that Sherlock suggested. But now they were en route to Angelo's. The place of their first meal together - which, of course, was not a date. Definitely not a date. But what about this, right now? Sherlock had invited him to dinner after a long week, he had booked the table and here they were, with Sherlock holding open the door for John, and Angelo fussing around them as if they were honoured guests, as he always did with Sherlock, of course.
Harry and John had grown apart long before alcohol and divorces and more petty disagreements had come between them. John knew that for their parents' sake he should care more, but right now it felt as if she was fishing for cash and nothing more.
John put down his fork and hid behind his wine glass for a while. "Yes, I would," he answered, when he could speak without his voice shaking.
John sighed, slipping his arms around Sherlock's waist. "You've no idea how happy I am to hear you say that."
"We have lube," Sherlock said again, and he tried to reach to his bedside table but couldn't quite manage it with John straddling him.
Now Sherlock really did look confused and John could have shouted in frustration at his inability to handle this,
He took another moment to consider exactly how drunk he was. He felt a little... spinny, slightly over-excited, considering he was slumped and sleepy in his chair a couple of minutes ago. The prospect of being this close to his friend would do that though, certainly aided by the alcohol, but he knew what he was doing. He wasn't certain that was the same for Sherlock though - he really didn't drink much. He moved closer, keeping his hand on his friend's thigh, leaning his face close to Sherlock's. "Are you sure?" he whispered, and Sherlock raised his head, noses nearly brushing, eyes huge in the dim light of the living room.
John hadn't specified where they would be going for dinner so Sherlock had to return to the flat. He arrived a little after 6pm and decided that he should probably shower before finding something to wear. As soon as he stepped into the bath the vision of John was there with him, pressing him into the wall, giving him pleasure unlike anything he had experienced. John's hands on him were libidinous, pure ecstasy and Sherlock needed more.
John thought he might get off like this, just this - their bodies so closely connected, Sherlock's face losing all appearance of rational, logical thought.
"Ah." John remains cautious, though his heart rate accelerates at the mere thought of it. “That’s true. We never practiced that.”
She wriggles where she sits. “Erm...Do you have a name, Mister Ghost? Or Mrs. Ghost. Or, you know, whatever your identity is. Didn’t mean to assume your gender. Where are you from? How did you die?”
"It feels almost as though we're in a different universe,” Sherlock continues pensively. “...hidden away from the annoyances of daily life. As though you and I are different people altogether—and yet more
“Thank you,” he says quietly, his ears turning hot. “I hope that I am able to meet your expectations.”
Sherlock buries his face into John’s neck. “And you’re alright?” he asks, because he needs to be sure.
The sound of the wooden spoon hitting the floor aligns perfectly with the magnificent sensation of their lips crashing together. In an instant, John’s hands are clasped to Sherlock’s waist, and he's spinning his body around, firmly pressing him into the kitchen table and kissing him like mad.
“Those are Sherlock’s beehives,” Mary answers. “Guess he’s always loved keeping them, but the climate in Boston wasn’t ideal. He insisted on getting them here as soon as he arrived.”
Sherlock sighs dramatically. “If you hope to earn my forgiveness, John, you’ll need to remove your clothes.”
Sherlock plans to explain everything to John the very second the big-mouthed nurse exits the room. As soon as she does, however, John bursts into laughter like a rabid bonobo, and he can't get a word in edgewise.
Sherlock grumbles a bit, complains that shrinks are useless in this case, and he stands up to go make them tea.
John gulps down his (hatefully exquisite) drink. He’s feeling things again. Many things. Mostly profound irritation. His heart beats fast as his helpless gaze wanders to the bar. William, with a cigarette and a ghost of a smile at his lips, gracefully wraps his scarf around his neck and walks out back.
John chuckles. He kisses Sherlock's shoulder. "I love you," he murmurs. "I love you. I love you for your grace, and your wit, and your kindness. I love you for the way that you laugh, and for the way I laugh when I'm with you. I love that you always say my name like you need me. I love the passion you bring to all you do, and how it burns, even when everything around you has faded. And I love that you came into my life at exactly the right time, as if somehow you already knew how important it would be."
"What's the matter?" John chuckles. "Do I smell bad? I’ll be honest; I can't even remember the last time I had a regular shower schedule."
Up next: A mysterious person by the name of “Greg” appears at the door. A surreptitious hooded figure sips Pilsner in the corner.
Still in the heat of the moment, they step out of the shower to dry themselves off. Sherlock wraps himself in his towel and walks into the main room; John simply watches him from behind—his glistening skin, the cloth slung below the dimples of his back. Sherlock stops in front of the sofa and drops his towel to his ankles before turning to sit. He watches John now; and he takes his hard, leaking cock into his own hand, his eyes and lips and body inviting John to join him.
He’s got no idea if Sarah’s motives are genuine, but at this point, he doesn’t really care. He wants to stop being lonely. He wants to stop thinking about William.
"We’re atoms, actually." John gives Sherlock's hand a squeeze. "Well, not just any atom. A certain type of atom. Six protons, six neutrons, six electrons…"
“Well, you figured it out in the end.” She smiles and lets go of his hands. “That’s all that matters.”
Sherlock's arms are suddenly at John's waist, and he's pulling him in, kissing him earnestly in return.
They return to Sarah’s car, which, by the grace of god, has not been ticketed or towed. Sarah turns the stereo back on, and John makes her promise not to play any love songs.
"What?" John squints up at him through sleepy confusion. "Are you...ordering gelato for us or something?"
John grumbles and sniffs as he falls back onto his pillow, tugging at his hair with frustration. "Why is this happening? You and I have never run out of things to talk about before. It’s as though we spent so much time kissing that we've forgotten how to use our mouths for anything else."
"No. You're afraid of—" John pauses. It appears he's attempting to subdue a wave of laughter; he fails this attempt. "—geese."
John pulls Sherlock in and twirls his body towards him in a protective, eager embrace, and Sherlock collapses into him with a stifled sob.
John is too exhausted—both physically and emotionally—to even watch Sherlock go. His eyelids are heavy, and his mind wanders to all that’s happened the last six weeks. Eventually, he falls asleep.
"Happy New Year," he says cheerfully. "...and many blessings to come for the beautiful couple." He winks at John so blatantly that John almost
With that, Brook seizes him. Their mouths meet with a gust of air and an inevitability that overtakes them both. Sherlock didn't know how much he needed this—not until he’s sliding his hands under the hem of Brook's shorts, and Brook is sliding his beneath Sherlock's shirt, spinning his body and pressing him against the counter.
Sherlock knows it's not a bad thing. But although none of this is real, it feels very, very real. Regardless of who they're pretending to be, this is John, and this is Sherlock, and this is a path they've never crossed.
“I need you to listen to me carefully.” Sherlock’s voice is crushed with raw terror. “Do exactly as I say—don’t ask questions.”
Sherlock continues to aimlessly trace the lines on the palm of John's hand. "And what's kept you from going?"
Until that weekend, when Stamford invites him to join for drinks on his birthday. He’s set on going to the Strand, and John is conflicted when he doesn’t make an effort to convince Stamford otherwise. He can’t say no, anyway. Stamford’s been his best mate since his first year of uni. Perhaps they’ll get lucky, and William won’t be there. Or maybe he’ll be there, but he’ll be less of a knob. Either way, John’s confident that he can handle one rude bartender.
“Oh.” John lowers his eyes to the towel. “Yes. Sorry, I took a nap and showered a bit late. I'll cover up." He bends towards the foot of the bed to take back his bedsheets.
“I understand,” John reassures him. “And we are going to fight together on this, and we are going to make it out together alive. But you’ve got to accept that nothing you say will convince me to leave you.”
"And I could maybe...tell you that your skin and hair look very soft, and that you smell very nice."
“God, you're perfect," John says as he makes love to him, in a dozen different ways, in so many words.
John dreams that he and Sherlock are children again. They’re in a vast meadow of lush emerald grass, and they're surrounded by brightly-coloured dandelions. Seated together, they lean against a gigantic oak tree, looking out into a cloudless cerulean sky that’s as large as the land.
Sherlock’s chest swells. Although he thought Captain Watson’s authoritative voice was a turn-on, it doesn’t hold a candle to
John lays himself flat on his back, raising his hips to allow William to remove his trousers. William tosses them onto the floor, drapes John's legs over his shoulders, and immediately begins to to prepare him—spreading him open with his fingers and brushing against his prostate until he starts to beg. He unbuttons his own trousers, and they slide to the floor, but he's too caught up in the moment to kick them away. Just like that, over the bar, he buries himself into John with urgency. Just like that, trousers at his ankles, skin slapping against skin.
“Oh! I would love that. Obviously! Or you could just make it easier and take your own. His lips brush against Sherlock’s earlobe. “While I force him to watch.” Slowly, he begins to move his fingers down Sherlock’s abdomen, resting them over the zip of his trousers. “But why don’t we start by giving him a different type of show?”
John pulls him down into a rough, passionate kiss, and Sherlock all but melts into him. He moans, sliding his lips and tongue over John’s, his fingers wandering beneath the back of John’s waistcoat, tracing up his spine.
It's still hauntingly silent, as though every word and sound has escaped from their chests, every ounce of their souls and energy are dedicated to this brief period in time.
John takes Sherlock’s head back into his hands—so delicately, this time, it’s as though he’s sure Sherlock will break. “Look at me one more time, Sherlock,” he whispers. “And you tell me what you see.”
"Noooo." Sherlock tightens his grasp. John looking at his phone right now could be very, very bad. "I'll just switch it off."
Sherlock squints at the final message, resisting the urge to throw his phone again. Oh, no. No, no, no.
Outside the flat, there are only little changes: in the way they gaze at each other over a corpse at a crime scene just a tad longer than before. In the way John can’t seem to control the corners of his mouth from turning up whenever Sherlock says his name. But best of all, in the way Sherlock no longer has to pretend that his staring at John’s arse is accidental.
Lestrade stands next to an intricately-constructed dungeon, jam doughnut in hand. His eyes shift in confusion. "Just wondering when you’re going to sign those documents for me."
With John's words, Sherlock's heart feels bigger than his sternum. He isn't exactly sure at which point his arms become fully wrapped around John's body, John's head buried in his chest. He also isn't sure when he begins to place delicate kisses on top of his head, or when he became the type of person to comfort another. There is no limit to the odd things his love for John causes him to do.
Brook rolls his chair back, switching off the desk lamp. “The results may take several hours, Sherlock. Don’t you have an exam in the morning?”
As he takes the first step away from the door, he hears the locks of the entryway clicking loudly, followed by wind slamming the door open. A posh baritone voice calls out over the howling breeze.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake.” Molly huffs with impatience, sets the palms of her hands on his chest, and pushes—hard—sending him flying backwards.
“John isn’t sleeping in my bed.” He leans in to get a better view of the large intestine Molly is examining. “Should he be sleeping in my bed?”
A wave of understanding falls across Sherlock’s face. “And I miss having you there with me,” he admits.
“Alright,” John says. “I’ll be right back with some water and acetaminophen. You’ll feel better in the morning.”
And here’s a chapter that’s twice as long than the other ones, which I wrote in two days, cuz, that’s how it goes I guess 😘 ❤️ 🥰
It’s not the strangest thing to occur this year by a long shot, and it’s barely been twenty-four hours.
Their plane arrives in Boston late that afternoon. Mycroft and Lestrade await them. The moment Sherlock sees his elder brother, he throws his arms around him, which elicits an expression of bewilderment at first—but he soon returns the embrace with a genuineness that surprises them both.
William sets his hand on the tip of his own cock, so wet that he’s able to lather himself with his own lubricant. He takes it into the palm of his hand and he fucks it slowly, his face twisting with pleasure as John watches on in awe.
“I will be the one who dies,” Sherlock rasps, his voice dry from disuse. “This is not a game, Moriarty. You wanted a life, and I am here. You have found me. You’ve already won.”
It's three in the morning, but Sherlock can't pull himself from his sofa quickly enough; he doesn't stop on his way out to grab his coat. He runs to Brook's house as quickly as he can, and once he's there, he bangs on his door loudly enough to wake the dead.
Love. That powerful word enters Sherlock’s mind, and he comes so hard that his knees buckle. He falls forward over John, and John catches him, steadying him as he rides out four or five heavy tremors, and again, and again, until they collapse into the bed, crazed and exhausted and fully satiated.
He’s got Stamford, of course—and he's thankful to be here, with him and his girlfriend, at 9 pm on Christmas Eve, inside Random Club #347—but there’s only so much third-wheeling one can do. So he drinks, and his gaze falls to the happy couple, and he wonders why he's feeling anything for them other than happiness.
John takes a few moments to admire his beauty, but his curiosity soon gets the better of him. He rolls out of bed and heads into the other room to retrieve his phone from his coat pocket.
But the most important part is that there is no kissing. No touching of hair follicles. No words of affection. And usually, for Sherlock, no sleep.
Sherlock tilts downwards to hear what John's trying to say. John doesn't say anything. Instead, he sets a hand on the side of Sherlock's face, nudges him closer, and encloses the space between their mouths.
That’s when a voice—dark and smooth, with a posh London accent—draws John’s attention back to his surroundings.
John leans away to meet his eyes. “Very smooth, Holmes. You’ve gotten quite good at this, haven’t you?”
But knowing you has taught me what it feels like to want something with my entire being. Never in this life have I felt a passion so deep. You awoke my soul, John Watson. And though I knew the danger of falling in love with you from the start, and though I tried to keep it from happening, I was helpless to stop it.
, in the same space, at the same time—it’s all he needs. To know the feeling of being loved by a man like John.
Sherlock’s arms are around John’s waist, and John’s arms are around Sherlock’s shoulders, their bodies basking in the warmth of one another.
“And what about Harvard?” Sherlock asks. “John is in medical school there. What will happen if he doesn’t return?”
He appears to be in a fancy hotel room. At a wedding, judging by the expensive suit, flowers, and half-empty bottles of champagne on the counter top. William stands behind him, looking over his shoulder. He’s dressed similarly, but his tuxedo is a lighter colour than John’s, and the collar of his dress shirt is slightly unbuttoned.
John wants to ask, more than anything, if Sherlock will be waiting there as well. But he’s too afraid of what the answer will be; so he decides to simply count his blessings for now.
Sherlock regards him silently for a moment before leaning in and whispering against the shell of his ear.
“Why are you fighting this?” Moriarty breathes steadily onto the back of Sherlock’s neck. “Did you ever doubt I would find you again?”
But when he involuntary shifts his hand on her back a miniscule amount, she wraps her fingers tightly around his upper arm. It happens so quickly that he doesn’t notice she’s even moved until he feels the searing pain of her nails digging into his skin.
“I’ll be fine.” Sherlock switches off the television and moves himself to stand behind John's chair. He pauses briefly before taking hold of the handles. “So, erm...I've got the handles. And I'm going to turn you around."
For years and years, Sherlock swore against it. To him, it was simply a distraction for the lonely and the feeble-minded. A dangerous diversion; a fatal blend of foolishness and pheromones.
So the following Saturday, gathered around an exam table in the morgue, he decides to ask Molly Hooper.
He covers his face with his hands, lays his head onto the table, and gives up for the day. Burying himself beneath his textbook, he hides from the world, and hopes he’ll retain the material he needs through some form of osmosis.
"But do you want to be here is the question." Sherlock couldn't comprehend why John would want to live with a high-functioning sociopath,
Sherlock walked back through the NSY building, barely containing his excitement. The mystery was unraveling, and soon he would understand. Certain didn't remember just one year, starting with the serial suicides, and ending with Moriarty's death. What connected the victims to the time period? Oh, he loved puzzles! "It's Christmas!" he shouted, skipping through the double doors.
John's eyes creased in those laugh lines Sherlock had missed so much. "Are Watsons some sort of special breed of detective-approved human?"
Sherlock blushed deeply, while John scolded, "Just because you're my sister doesn't mean you get to make short jokes too."
"Worrying about an alien abduction is irrational," Sherlock said. "I'm wondering how it will stand up while we're bringing it to Mrs. Hudson's flat."
Only once did Harry ever come at the wrong time. At four pm, she showed up, looking drunk, but actually too sleepless to move the way that swept Clara into many a blissful state. She told Kate she'd been going through files with her brother's boyfriend for hours, and once Clara saw her, she knew Harry wasn't lying. Harry was tired enough that she couldn't move without falling over. Kate managed to drag the woman into the break room, where she would surprise Clara.
"I always believed sentiment did bad things to people." Sherlock paused. "I became its victim and now I'm not so sure."
Clara walked out of her shift with a little less lipgloss on than she started with going in, and a sense of hope that she and Harry would be alright.
Harriet Watson had absolutely no idea what happened after that. All she could remember was Clara waving goodbye.
She was just about to check on them when she heard a knock at the door. "Can we come in?" Clara huffed.
"You're not going anywhere." Sherlock slid his tongue across John's bottom lip, much like John had done with his fingertip, and threaded his hands through John's hair. The doctor made a little noise that vibrated through Sherlock's whole being, causing him to gasp out, "I want you."
The man, Sherlock, gave him a lookover. "You're an army doctor, recently discharged because of an injury, not so bad that you are permanently disabled, but bad enough to send you home. Your limp is psychosomatic and you were stationed in Afghanistan. You have a sibling that you refused to share a flat with because you don't like them, either because of their drinking or the fact that they just walked out on their wife. What does the public call me?"
The genius stayed awake for a little while, not being used to all this sleep. Three hours kept him going well enough, and this was beyond what he'd originally hoped for in the (he hated calling it) experiment, but sometimes he needed to think in the dark, with no distractions.
John smiled bitterly. "Her name was Grace. Beautiful, kind, perfect. I would have given her anything if she asked for it. Of course, she asked for everything. Grace slowly cut her way into my heart and then left it in small red slices when she said, 'You're a pushover and too easy'. So there was the crushed part of crushes. I couldn't stay with anyone for very long after that."
"Sherlock." John gently touched his lips to the top of Sherlock's spine. "Why didn't you tell me about that?"
"I was always the heart. Harry sometimes had a hard time telling me how she felt, showing it. She loved me, I'm sure of it, otherwise we wouldn't have gotten married, but I don't know anything about her anymore. She could be thinking about suicide or depressed, and I wouldn't know, and I wouldn't be able to do anything." Clara sniffed. "I'm so worried that someday I'll see her obituary in the newspaper, and John would have to write it, and it would be so awful, I would die too."
"Last time Harry and Clara came over for breakfast, so a few days ago. Mycroft, can't you just tell us?" Sherlock still didn't understand. He always knew love made people soft and caring wasn't an advantage, and here was the proof, with his ignorant little sibling.
LOVE YOU!" Harry slammed her bottle of Scotch on the table by the door, hard enough she hoped it would shatter and glass would rain on the floor, like the pieces of their hearts. Of course, Clara's would be put back together easily, but Harry wanted to leave hers there. It would form artwork gouging into the wood floors more beautiful than she'd ever been. "GOODBYE!" She left her keys and shut the door behind her. Harry wondered why she needed Clara to tell her after all this time that she loved her, since she should have been able to just know. She smirked bitterly. It never worked on her wife.
"Yes, I'm fine." John paused. "You took off my clothes in a secluded area, won't people talk?" Mycroft glared at the listening device. They were already relaxing, obviously the battle wasn't over.
John was just empty. A shell of himself, and since someone, most likely Moriarty, had deleted his memories of Sherlock, there was nothing to fix. And Mycroft hated it.
Sherlock's subconscious knew that he needed to have conscious thoughts, so he woke, not an hour and a half after. He unwound himself from the doctor, knowing exactly which movements to make as to not disturb him, taking just the sheet, and leaving the comforter that he rarely used behind. The flat was entirely quiet, only the sounds of London at night fuzzing their way in. Sherlock itched for his violin again, for the music that could organize his thoughts.
The freezing spray blew into John's face, and he sputtered before running as fast as he could to the water's edge. He paused before entering. "I need to call 999," he whispered. But his body took over.
John stood up and went into the same room as his boyfriend, placing a hand on the counter. "You don't have to do that."
John quickly sat up in bed, heart beating too fast. "What is it, John?" Sherlock asked, looking concerned. That was unusual, but John didn't really care right about then.
John hailed a cab outside the practice, and told the cabbie to head for 221B Baker Street. "Where's your boyfriend?" she asked, grinning. Her nametag said Liz with a smiley face next to it.
"It has been beneficial to know exactly once, and I solved the case in ten seconds without that information." Sherlock's face shut down slightly with the memory of that particular case.
Sherlock looked at the clock near the bed, barely registering the numbers before turning away from it. But no matter how much he wanted to delete what he saw, he couldn't.
"Mycroft, what's this about? I thought you were going to leave me alone when it came to John," Sherlock said as he closed the door behind them. Mycroft sat on the bed, trying to ignore the twinging in his stomach.
John woke up to the feeling of another's arms around him. He sighed and snuggled closer. It had been too long since he'd woken up like that. The other's body felt different, though; thinner. John could almost feel individual ribs, count them. One, two, three, four... As he moved his hand up, he ran his hands over muscle. The person was stronger than they looked, but soft at the same time. John liked it a lot, maybe more than he should have.
The day John Watson walked into Sherlock's life was the day Mycroft was surprised for the first time in years. John refused Mycroft's offer of money in exchange for Sherlock's activities because John had gotten attached to his brother in just a few hours. John had agreed to share a flat with him. John had gone to
Harriet stretched, her limbs extending past the couch's arms. "Jesus, man. What the hell could you possibly want at 4 am? Riddle me that."
The contest would have gone on for much longer had Harry not chosen that moment to pop her head up. "You two are practically eye-stripping each other, and it's creepy to see my little bro do that."
"I'll come with you." John matched Sherlock step for step until they reached a spot where Mrs. Hudson couldn't see them, and then John ambushed him.
"You don't give her enough credit," Molly said, putting a finger under Clara's chin to lift her head up. "Why do you think she comes in here every day you work?"
He could almost hear the gears in Sherlock's mind turning. "No. I know we drank alcohol, but after the first sip everything is blurry." Sherlock sounded a bit infuriated, like the alcohol wasn't supposed to do anything that would inhibit him.
"Do what Moriarty wants." His voice sounded a bit strange to John, like he was holding back laughter, or tears, or both. "Become fugitives. Run!"
John was actually not showering at all. He had the water running, but hadn't stepped in, watching the steam fog up the mirror. Sherlock Holmes, the man he'd fallen in love with (twice), had attempted suicide (again) to help John (again), and didn't think he deserved to stay with John, even though they both had insisted how much they loved the other a hell of a lot of times. He was angry at Sherlock, and sad, and really wanted to kiss his fiancé, hard. A shower would actually help.
"I'm your partner and your flatmate. I expect more from you without trying to." Sherlock looked up, storing what John had said in his mind palace, and saw the camera Mycroft was operating. From his pocket, he pulled a small device that interrupted the signal, and the picture and sound were cut off.
"John?" Sherlock asked. This was purely for data collection purposes, he told himself. "Do you know who Irene Adler is?"
"And just so you know," he got closer to Sherlock's ear so the policemen couldn't hear them, "that was amazing in there. You're extraordinary."
Kate gave her the Stern Stare. "I had to drag your ex-wife into the break room because she was too tired to stand. For the sake of everyone involved, you should do something about her and do something for yourself."
John woke up an hour later, curled around Sherlock. Their bodies were entwined like the curves of a mandala, John and Sherlock and Sherlock and John until he barely knew where the detective ended and he began. Close. So close.
John huffed. "I want to see your face, actually. Perhaps to punch you, but I want to see you." His shampoo had washed out, bubbles swishing down the drain.
"I'm sorry, I don't." He wasn't sure what he could say that would fix things. John probably kissed Sherlock and Sherlock just reciprocated to experiment with feelings.
The two men stared at each other for a few seconds. Sherlock spoke up, "John, my love, if you're going to propose to me properly, you should do it within the next minute or so, otherwise I'll wonder if you're serious."
John thought about that. His flat, why had Sherlock wanted his flat? And then when it was taken, he was glad? It didn't make much sense, but John knew everything Sherlock did had a reason. Unless he was bored. Then, nothing had a reason.
John shuddered. That was an ugly feeling, knowing that he was so close, but everything was out of his hands. "Are you okay?" Sherlock asked worriedly.
The detective suddenly stood right next to John's ear. "Let's make love again," he whispered, his voice seeming to drop an octave. Did Sherlock know the complete power that voice had over John? Oh never mind, of course he did.
"He's a bit of a weirdo, isn't he?" The man looked around the flat. "Those vigilante types always are."
"I don't know. He's the brilliant Sherlock Holmes, and the only reason he's with me is to rebound from a bad relationship. He loved his best friend, and now his best friend is gone, so he saw me and noticed similarities, and now we're dating, sort of, to see if he can get over him. There's no reason why this should get any farther, so I'm going to leave it. If he's better, that's all I care about."
Sherlock didn't even need to think about that. "When I was seven, I had a dog named Redbeard. I loved him so much, because he always played with me when Mycroft couldn't. One day, he and I got lost on the manor grounds, and he led me home, wagging his tail and never leaving me by myself. Redbeard was devoted and kind and listened to me like no one else did at the time. Mycroft was a good brother then; he'd teach me everything from physics to biology to chemistry, which was my favorite. It was the last of the good days, the day when Redbeard and I got lost on the grounds. After that, Redbeard got put down and Mycroft went to college, and I was alone again."
"I've lived adjacent from you for around a year now, and since we are acquainted and I have few others to ask, I would like you and I to perform an experiment."
Sherlock quickly sealed his lips over John's, softly, trying not to scare him. "I'm sorry for everything I'm going to do to us." He stood up, taking his sheet with him, and escaping into his room. He prayed John wouldn't follow him, and slid down to the ground in front of his door, knees to his chest.
Now, after a month of absolutely nothing, Irene texted her. Said to come to an apartment, a specific one. Never the same place twice, but this was new. Harry didn't remember what was at that building, but was entirely beyond caring.
He closed the journal and set it in the drawer, rummaging around a bit more before unearthing the cake recipe. It had gotten a little crisped, since the last time he used it, Sherlock was doing an experiment involving burning plastic. John smiled, shutting his drawers and leaving his room.
"Stop here, please," he said, handing a bill to the cabbie and getting out of the cab before it had fully stopped. Sherlock turned his coat collar up and walked briskly into the wind. Stupid, infernally boring people. They all were missing something vital. All of them, even John. Especially John.
Sherlock shifted on his feet. "The person that took her had big feet, balance of probability, we're dealing with a man. Heavy footsteps, heavy enough to bend the floorboards a little. This man knew what he was doing as well, deliberately having used enough chloroform for two hours of unconsciousness. She's not that far from here, considering this criminal had a sponsor that knew the traffic patterns."
"No. It'll be gone soon." The detective held John close to him, knowing that he wouldn't remember for long. There were things that needed to be said to this John before the other John that he undoubtedly screwed everything up with came back. "You know, I love you. It may seem like I don't every time I hurt someone, but I do. Don't ever forget that."
Mycroft was sitting in his desk at the Holmes family mansion, when his beaten down, bedraggled, tortured, broken brother stumbled in. "Myc," he whispered, a childhood nickname that kicked down the doors of several rooms in the Palace. Something was so very wrong. Sherlock collapsed on the carpeted floor and began to sob.
John's mouth fell open. "How is it possible that the great Sherlock Holmes has no knowledge of the cosmos?"
The man merely smiled, a gentle smile that lit his face up, even though John felt it looked slightly odd on him. Something told him that this man was rarely happy enough to do such a thing. "I have something to ask of you."
Sherlock knew he had to answer John. He knew it, but he wanted to evade it. "You...I told you he was like you." John nodded. "He...he was the only person I could call my friend. He just attached himself where I didn't want him at first, and then I did, and I never wanted him to leave like all the others had, and I realized something that I tried to get rid of, but found I couldn't."
"Yes. But why would you be getting things for him if he's dead?" Clara thought she recognized the name John, but she didn't think it could have been Harry's brother.
By this time, Sherlock was beginning to feel...not himself. Everything looked lighter, fuzzier, like someone had put a piece of dirty glass over his eyes. He couldn't see Harriet in his peripheral vision anymore. "I've got one," he said. Even his voice was sounding strange. "Who was your first kiss?"
"I'm going to KILL you when I find you," the blogger said, laughing almost too long afterward. It really wasn't funny. Sherlock was in danger,
"I reject that on the grounds of it being a ridiculous analogy." Sherlock's face didn't get any lighter, however. John was still smiling; Sherlock was just...amazing and brilliant, and there wasn't anything in John's mind telling him to stop.
John jerked his head up, looking around for a moment before calming, finding Sherlock's face. "Sorry. I spaced out for a minute there. Where are we going now?"
Soon, there was a warm spot next to Harry's arm. Not the blanket, but human warmth. It smelled like perfume, like cherry.
"Why do people always feel the need to apologize for things that aren't under their control?" Sherlock asked softly.
Soon Sherlock's silver eyes opened, staring at the ceiling. He didn't speak, and John didn't either for the first few moments. "What did you dream about?" he whispered.
"Well," John said, getting ready to rise from the couch. "We should put on some date-clothes. I'm treating you, and you're not allowed to protest." Of course, Sherlock opened his mouth, but John pointed a finger to shut him up. "If you want to treat me next time, you're absolutely welcome to, but this time is
Sherlock didn't answer, but John didn't expect him to. With a heave of impressive strength considering how little John could move his arms, he pulled Sherlock onto the dry sand. The genius was still beautiful, even with his blue lips and too pale skin.
"It isn't the last two years." Sherlock sighed, exasperated. Why did he interact with normal people, again? "It's the year before this one."
The song rose a bit higher to a more hopeful tone, the notes winding about their heads like birds, and when the music rose even higher, John felt he could taste it. With a final crescendo, the melody faded out. Sherlock didn't turn around, didn't put his violin down. "Is it good?" he asked shyly, if that was even possible for him.
The doctor smiled (when did he ever stop smiling at Sherlock?) and made a line of kisses up Sherlock's jaw. "I want to be here. You have something I've never seen before that I quite like. You won't get rid of me that easily."
Sherlock was breathing heavily up here. The top of London Bridge. The Thames would be so cold, he thought to himself. Hypothermic, freezing,
"I..." He closed his eyes. "I wanted him to pretend to be my boyfriend. I promised that it would be just pretending, nothing serious until I'd gotten over someone."
John grinned. "We'll get to that after our landlady's." Sherlock's face immediately fell. John really didn't understand the importance of the venture. "Come on. We have a person to lasso. Who wants to be late to their own birthday party?" He dragged Sherlock by the hand down the stairs.
"You look sad. I don't imagine that's a common occurrence." Sherlock's lips twitched up. "Want to talk about it? I am your boyfriend after all."
"I don't believe you, but I'll take your advice." Sherlock sounded only slightly more hopeful than when the call began. "Thank you."
"Stop this, stop this now." Sherlock was pleading with a criminal power. Mycroft put his head in his hands. You didn't
"I wonder if you notice all the good you do. I also wonder if you forgot what I said to you when you 'broke up with me'." Gregory made quotes with his fingers.
"Alright." He paused. "Last night, I encouraged you to have sex with me, even though our agreement promised we wouldn't be doing anything beyond the grounds of pretending. I broke a promise, and I apologize for that. If you want me to leave, I will."
Sherlock kissed the top of John's head, surprising him again. The genius didn't start things like this. "By being you. You are amazing."
Sherlock woke up with tears pouring down his face. Sobs wracked his body as he tried to keep them under control, and he stared at his chest for several seconds, making sure it wasn't torn open, making sure his heart still beat. He couldn't find John, he
"Do you want to tell him?" John asked Sherlock, beaming just as wide as him. "He's your brother, after all."
The other man just smirked. "That's the kind of thing my boyfriend would say. You're rather good at this for knowing me for five minutes."
John smiled. "Thanks for sharing that with me." Sherlock didn't know how to respond to that, so he stayed silent until Angelo noticed them.
Sherlock looked almost surprised Harry figured everything out. "A dead man. His name was James Moriarty, and he targeted us many times. But when he killed himself, he knew I'd either jump off the roof and die, hurting everyone I cared about, or live, in which case he would make them forget the person I had become, or in John's case, me. Either way, he got what he wanted."
Now, Sherlock was the most confused human being on the planet right about then. His brain felt like it had been short-circuited. He only remembered later what it felt like, but still couldn't interpret it. John had kissed him. There was no interpreting that.
"Because you're amazing." Sherlock practically shone when he said it. "Your sister should be not far from here." This time, John led the way, spotting the figure on the floor immediately. But, once he got nearer, he noticed the person was a man, bound and gagged, obviously struggling.
Sherlock kissed John like he wasn't supposed to, like there were warning signs all over him. "I'm sorry for everything I'm about to do to us." He stood up and went off, John in total shock. Harry used the spare key to open the door and let herself in. So this wasn't about Irene Adler, dammit.
"That's what people do when their partner is upset," John said in a teacher-like, teasing voice. Sherlock immediately felt warm hearing it. "That and hugging." He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, and Sherlock finally reacted by shifting his arms out from John's embrace and wrapping them around John's shoulders.
The scene sped up, John's hands moved everywhere, Sherlock's mind engraved the details of the lines of feeling John tracked up his limbs, and the detective's last thought before he sunk deep below the surface of illogic and want was that he was doomed again, but he didn't care.
His smirk grew wider. "One of my informants, who insists on talking to me even after I saved her life, told me she had intercourse with a newly made-up Clara and Harriet. I can only assume they are further 'making up' in Clara's flat."
This time, John was blushing, and he stumbled over a few words saying, "Sherlock, please give me patience."
The chair couldn't come quick enough. As soon as Harry sat in it, she could feel her mind drifting away. She almost didn't care whether she had a blanket. "Now, you can stay here until you wake up, or until Tesco closes, whichever comes first," Kate's soft voice was saying, but Harry really didn't give a crap about what she was saying.
"John?" Sherlock asked from his chair. His hands were poised under his chin, and dear God was he nervous. He'd been nervous for days. Ever since he realized he'd revealed his
John laughed. "I don't know. Relationships just kept failing and failing, and I realized I didn't love them like I thought I did, and someone chased them all off as well, so I guess the whole dating thing just exploded in my face. What about you, Mr. Cheekbones?"
"So, wait," Johnny said. Harry couldn't see his reaction over the phone, but she had a pretty good idea of what was going through his head. "You are going on basically a blind date with a woman you met at the supermarket because she asked you to."
"I'm good with that." John took out a pan and put it on the stove. He'd been eating takeout the past few weeks, so seeing the domesticity of it was a bit strange.
The two men walked out of the restaurant hand in hand, just as they had come in. They made quite the pair, the short, blond man and the tall, curly-haired man.
"Well, I'm glad you think so," John replied, his voice wavering, and cursing his nonexistent ability to lie.
"Hello, boys," she said, opening the door mere seconds after Sherlock knocked. "Would you like some biscuits? Fresh out of the oven." She looked happier than usual, Sherlock thought. Intercourse with that baker next door again perhaps? But no flour on her dress. Hm.
"That's good. I'm happy you're better." John carefully pressed his lips to the small part of Sherlock's neck made visible by the sleep shirt. "Now, we should try to go back to sleep. It'll be okay." Sherlock nodded drowsily and muttered something about sleep being overrated, but John didn't listen, and drifted back off.
"My first love is going on right now. I don't...want it to be unhappy." John's heart broke right then, just looking at Sherlock's face.
"No, you have to let me finish. I got off track. The second time I fell was off a rooftop, the rooftop of St. Bart's. Moriarty wanted to kill you and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, and he would have unless I killed myself. I tried to get the code from him that would call off his assassins, but he swallowed a bullet before I could. I couldn't stop them, John. So I did the next best thing. I told you it was all true. I told you that I really was a fraud, a fake, and that I only knew everything I knew because I wanted to impress you with my knowledge. It had to be real, you had to believe it. I'd formulated a plan with Mycroft just in case that happened, and I was to go through with it. But I wasn't supposed to really die. When I said goodbye to you, I did."
The woman in the aisle was mousy and small. Long-haired, otherwise Clara would have wussed out. She was staring at the cleaning supplies like she didn't know where to start. "Hi," Clara said, coming over. "Is there something I can help you with?"
John blushed a bit as well. "Lovely. Now, how about we make our way through these, as you called them, 'detrimental' movies and wait for my sister to come home, and then we can go out on a real date."
Clara's gaze simultaneously softened and hardened. Harry always wondered how she did that. "I love you because you are Harriet Olivia Watson. I'm your wife, you should know that."
they weren't wrong, and Clara didn't care. Other people were her weakness, not their expertise or preferences. In fact, she'd camped out in a
"Clara, why are you hiding behind the shelf?" The object of the name turned around, praying it wasn't who she thought it was. "You should be working, not hiding from your ex-wife." Clara sighed in relief. It was just her boss.
"Oh, honey. You can't shoot me. Otherwise, I'll shoot your lovely friend." And the enemy knew about Sherlock's strange attachment to the doctor as well. This day was getting worse and worse by the minute. Gregory better have the NSY behind him and the building surrounded. Some legwork would be required, but he could hurt everyone involved in the NSY very deeply.
Of course, Clara's mom got a boyfriend after a few years, and Clara forgot about good sleep. But she managed, and that was the only thing to matter.
He heard someone stand up in the room, saying a few words to the other person. When Sherlock opened the door, Mycroft didn't put any of his usual walls up. He'd rather not tell Sherlock if his baby brother could see it.
John's expression was heartbreakingly gentle. Sherlock wanted to kiss him until their lips were swollen. "It's okay to love and be hurt. That's what happened to you, you loved and were hurt?"
The doctor grew tired too quickly, with too much of the disgusting, silt-filled liquid in his throat and no sign of the consulting detective. John's vision, already impeded by the dark, began to haze over, blurring and flickering in and out. "Darling, where are you?" he cried. "I can't find you anywhere." The water rushed past noisily, as if to purposely hinder him.
A few minutes passed, in which Sherlock dressed and put on his coat. The next part of the scene was about to play out. That was all it was really: a scene from a movie that reminded its viewers how short and painful life really was. Sherlock and John's lives were almost too much for any sort of moviemaker to weave into a story, because tragedies could be endured by the population in small doses, and this was an overdose. There was no comfort, no little bit of hope that would make everything better. This was permanent. This was insurmountable and unbeatable and no matter how hard Sherlock tried, he could never rewrite the past.
"I feel the need to compose. If I don't get the instrument, all the music will be gone." Sherlock heard John sigh loudly. "I'll play it for you when I'm done. I promise."
"I was having a nightmare, and you came in to see what was wrong. The dream..." Sherlock paused, looking down at his hands. "The dream was just fear, completely irrational fear. You calmed me down and then...then I kissed you. I'm-" He broke off. "I'm very sorry. It was sentiment-related, and I shouldn't have thrust my volatile state upon you." He made a move to stand up, but John pulled him back.
John looked at the man with surprise. He'd never seen this man in his life, and he would have noticed if the two of them had lived in flats just across from the other. "Really?"
With a sigh, the doctor pressed one of his ears to Sherlock's chest. His heart was beating regularly: BuBum, BuBum, BuBum; but it was more drawn out and slow. Sherlock relaxed completely when he slept, which, in John's opinion, was one of the reasons he didn't like sleeping. John knew Sherlock had been on guard for a while before they met, maybe distrustful and certainly wary, so sleeping felt like weakness to the detective. The doctor wondered sometimes if Sherlock's earlier love had helped or hurt him in that way.
"Turn around and walk back the way you came," Sherlock pleaded. Irene said once that she would make him beg for mercy twice. He laughed internally when she said it, knowing already that only John would have that kind of power over him.
Harry blushed, seeming to stop in the middle of the doorframe before said blonde yanked her inside. "She
"Codependency is someone assisting the destructive behavior of their partner. You don't assist Harry's drinking, and you have an otherwise healthy relationship. My grandmother drank and my grandfather didn't assist her. He, in fact, helped her recovery." Molly gave her a stern look. "You and Harry can be the same way. Now calm down, and finish your shift."
The doctor looked like he was wracking his brain. "The name sounds familiar, but I don't know it. Why?"
her at this hour. Since it could be anyone from a stalker to her boss, Clara tapped her fingers on the bedside table until the very last tone, when she slid the bar across the bottom of her phone screen to answer it.
Somewhere that seemed really far away, a woman's voice grunted in pain. This was enough to make John have to actually open his eyes and look where he was. The person was Sherlock.
"Sherlock, can't you read it on my face? When was the last time you deduced someone?" He couldn't say it, not here, not
Harry wandered the streets of London until she was thoroughly lost. She didn't want to be found, least of all by herself. This began a streak of long nights and even longer days, trying to find a job, begging on the street corners, looking for places to stay when it got to cold to sleep in a blanket on the ground. This was it, the Harry Watson existence reduced to a too-thin body and a bottle that sometimes held money.
"No, it's not alright. You're not resisting. This is ridiculous." The detective's mouth quirked up in a half-grin. John always stood up for him, even when he'd done something wrong.
"Kate!" she called into the room. "I'm sorry I took so long. Molly and I..." Clara stopped short when she got inside. On the chair laid a woman Clara hadn't seen in months.
John looked down at the man with a gaze of fondness. He didn't know how, but Sherlock had bypassed all his doctor-soldier-brother-fighter defenses and wove himself into the heart that existed under that. Sherlock just
Harry heard noises from below soon after she went to bed. She grinned inwardly; her brother, although a bit uptight, was quite the fox. His boyfriend had fallen prey to the traditional John Watson seduction. She fell asleep after the noises stopped.
Mycroft was always in the background, mostly when Sherlock and John didn't know it, but sometimes when they did, and didn't care. He witnessed and heard many things, most of which ignited his brotherly desire to keep Sherlock safe from the pain he felt when the people he trusted left him. The rest was something hidden very, very deep in his mind palace that he didn't dare name.
The two of them didn't move for a long time, or maybe just felt like a long time. Sherlock's hand was over John's heart, and John's hand was placed over the top of that. John half-laid on top of Sherlock, and Sherlock had his lips mere millimeters away from John's neck. The detective could feel his love's pulse just a little. ThuThump. ThuThump. ThuThump. John was so strong all the time, he thought. Strong and soft and brilliant and wonderful. And Sherlock didn't deserve him. Not one bit.
The doctor ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls. "I don't know. One night, I heard violin music through the flat. I stepped outside my bedroom to see where it was coming from, and I saw a man in a dressing gown playing. The way the moonlight fell on him, it looked like he had wings spreading from his back. He never turned around, and when I woke up again I thought I'd dreamed it, but there were a few pages of sheet music on the couch in the morning."
John held up a hand. "Darling, you know I don't care about any of that." Sherlock didn't look very convinced. "I love you with all the mistakes and the flaws, because that's what love is. And I do love you. I'll say it as many times as you need me to."
"Alright, you two, here you are." John came back over with a large plateful of pancakes to see Sherlock with his arms folded, turned away from his sister. The gesture was oddly childish on someone so tall and gorgeous and
Sherlock couldn't help it: his mouth fell open. He tried to skirt around most gestures that looked unintelligent, but this was John, so it didn't matter. "How can you not know?"
Sherlock nearly fell down the stairs to John. "Darling, what did Mycroft tell you? Are you okay?" his fiancé asked worriedly.
"Darling? What was that about?" John moved forward and wrapped his arms around Sherlock from behind.
"Bet you didn't expect this," John said. Mycroft didn't have any picture, as Sherlock's phone was in his pocket, but the sound was enough.
he doesn't remember. The idiot part, not the sex. He remembers the sex. Holmes'd better be more forgiving than me, because what Johnny did wasn't right." Harry didn't speak for a moment. "If you're not Clarabella, I'm sorry to bother you."
of course she got all the credit. And perhaps Anderson won the lottery or a high-paying job opened up! Why did the idiots get everything? They knew nothing! He muttered under his breath as he went through the building, scaring more than a few interns with the deductions he began spitting. When he reached Lestrade's new office, there were a trail of loudly talking complainers behind him.
"Hello, Harry," John replied begrudgingly. Suddenly his tone became hard. "I was worried about you! You can't just walk in and say hi!"
"Yes, we both should." John's mind silently faded out with the scene. "Goodnight, Sherlock." But Sherlock was asleep.
"Sherlock..." John said, shaking his head. "Did you not catch the comment I made after Mrs. Hudson said you would run me out of the house?"
. Sherlock balanced himself perfectly so that he could stay for several minutes. Mycroft had changed all the boats' sailing patterns so that he and John could do this in peace. The sky would be dark for hours yet. No one would notice he was gone but John. Wasn't that always how he wanted to die? No publicity, no ridicule, just one person (a very special person) on the ground to know what had taken place.
Clara folded her arms. "Come in. It appears we both have been tricked." Irene smirked at her, but Harry looked like someone just told her the rockets strapped to her feet were about to blast off. Harry looked pretty damn sexy, but Clara couldn't acknowledge that yet.
As John heard the steps reach the door to 221B, he faked being asleep. If he confronted them now, no one would get to sleep. And Sherlock needed sleep more than anyone else. When the door opened, it opened almost soundlessly, Harry clomping to the couch and dropped, beginning to breathe slowly and slightly snore. Sherlock crept toward John, stopping right in front of him. John forced his breathing to relax, as he always needed it to when he was around the detective.
"For one, I did. For two, at this stage, you don't want to know what I require as payment." Sherlock was surprised to see John wasn't letting this go. And he wanted a kiss, but it was an awfully terrible thing to think about when John had no idea about any of their previous more desirable activities.
"Sherlock, wake up! You're dreaming!" John shook the detective none too gently. He knew what nightmares were like, and would have given anything to have someone there with him when they happened.
John had some trouble thinking. His mind was still a bit disconnected, past memories to present memories. One thing stood out his scrambled thoughts, though.
"Let's see how it goes first." Harry smiled back, shyly she was sure, but it didn't matter. She was on top of the world.
Clara had been friends with Irene for years now, friends with benefits mostly, until she met Harry. The first thing Clara did after meeting the short brunette was call The Woman (she'd helped with the nickname) and gush about her new crush. Irene was almost more excited than Clara, since she'd been setting the blonde up for a while.
"You have no plan, do you? You're a terrible liar, John, I would know. Let me 'reel her in' as those Americans say."
"Goodnight," Harry repeated. She didn't want to leave; in fact, the thought of leaving hurt her chest.
Sherlock could feel his eyes begin to twitch, even though they were closed. Did that occur often? "Can you...er...kiss me?" Damn, Sherlock didn't mean to say that! But he couldn't take it back.
Downstairs in 221 Baker Street, both the men Harry was talking about woke at different times to hear different parts of the conversation. John heard, "...now I've got two men living with me, neither of which are going to say the L-word to each other, and the sexual tension between them doesn't go away even after they have sex," and "...No, it's not. I had someone amazing and beautiful and sexy and smart about feelings, and I let her go because of an addiction I'm still too weak to beat."
Mycroft couldn't follow what Moriarty mouthed to his brother, but Sherlock mouthed back, "It's fine."
The man responded by further intertwining their hands. He looked peaceful now, but still sad, John noticed. "I had someone. A friend." Sherlock winced as he said the word. "My only friend. And I left him, when I always thought he was going to be the one leaving me. I know it wasn't my fault, but I don't tend to believe that most days. You remind me of him, you have since I first saw you, and I thought, irrationally I know, that maybe I could treat you as well as he deserved and I'd move on."
"Alone is what I have," Sherlock murmured brokenly. "Alone protects me." John spared one (last) look at his friend. He couldn't even think straight about the man anymore, let alone the difficult signs he was portraying.
"What...would you like me...to make him say...next?" The rustle happened again, and Sherlock drew in a deep breath.
"Really?" Mycroft walked away from his headset briefly to get more tea, and when he came back, she was saying, "I told him all the usual stuff. 'I'm bored. Let's have dinner. 'I'm not hungry, let's have dinner.' 'Good morning.' 'What are you wearing?'"
John could hear police cars chasing them, John heard Sherlock say, "Take my hand." John heard himself say, "Damn, I love you." And John saw him smile, smile with tears in his eyes.
The dark, the cold, (he hurt all over), the chest cavity was just that: a cavity, (why couldn't they make it stop), (stop), (stop), STOP.
Harry rolled her eyes. "John, ibuprofen." John nodded, walking to the cabinets and searching through them for the pill bottles. When he found the one labeled 'ibuprofen' and handed it to his sister.
At that moment, Harriet decided to walk in. "Hey sexy, can you hand me that other bottle over thataways?" She gestured to Sherlock, who looked horrified.
"So, we take one swig and each answer a question from the other. The one that can't answer after the least swigs loses."
Sherlock started to protest, but John cut him off. "Don't deny it. That will only piss me off further. Sherlock, I fell for you
"It stuck in my mind palace," Sherlock said, suddenly feeling awkward. "We didn't do very well on the cake, since we were a bit preoccupied while it was coming out of the oven." John giggled, and Sherlock glared slightly at him. "But, we did succeed in producing a tasty confection. And pudding." He paused, shifting his feet. "Surprise."
"You seem to respond better to other things," Sherlock said with a smirk. John fake-glared at him and grabbed the chocolate morsels from the cabinet. The detective pounced on them eagerly.
Sherlock nodded. "I know he has. I can't get him back." John gazed at their hands on the counter for a moment before returning, one-handed mind you, to the pasta.
He floated through his mind palace for a long time, flitting from memory to memory, searching for words that could help speed up the remembrance. Suddenly, Sherlock heard it. 'Who was your first love?'
The Woman walked into Clara's old room and shut the door, while Clara sat down on the couch, patting the spot next to her. Harry plopped down, fidgeting with a cheap bracelet on her wrist. They stayed silent for a few minutes, not looking at each other.
"Of course I know," Sherlock said dismissively. "That's part of the fun." John got out after him, smiling at the poor cabbie that had no idea why this crazy man would purposely come there. Sherlock was rubbing his hands together in glee. "Now, where are you, my dear?" John saw his eyes lock on one building in particular. He grabbed John's hand and started running. John could feel the detective's heartbeat explode into his wrist, just as his was doing.
After college, Clara tried to get a flatshare, but luck was entirely against her. She somehow got a job at the local Tesco being sleep-deprived and alone. Those first months, calling Irene Adler every once in a while, and putting on concealer to hide her eye bags, were the hardest she'd had in a long time.
It made him sad for a moment, unexplainably sad, but he shook himself out of it. Sherlock had probably gone out for a walk in the London night. He always said it reminded him, and John never pressed farther than that.
"You deserve one." That didn't exactly help the color spreading across the detective's features. "Now, let's go find my sister."
Harry got to the meeting place, which, for some reason, was Clara's old building. She was wearing some nicer clothes, her usual fare for meeting the dominatrix, and almost late. Harry glanced at the clock on her mobile: 12 pm.
She frowned a little. "I helped him fake his death so that he could basically save London from my former boyfriend, Jim Moriarty. He was also on trial for grand theft of the Crown Jewels and lots of other felonies."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and explained everything. When he finished, John was staring even worse than before. "Brilliant."
"Mhm." The noise was kind of adorable coming from Sherlock, and John smiled, closing his eyes. But then a thought disturbed his falling asleep.
"Obviously it is not normal to me." Sherlock began to get up out of the chair. "You are aware of the new case taken by the Scotland Yard?"
Hours later, the boys woke up on the couch, flour-covered and smiling. Sherlock was curled around John, and John didn't mind it. If he fell in love with Sherlock, it would probably be the best thing to ever happen to him.
He moved his experiments over to the fridge, all of them, even the heated ones. Heat. Lots of heat. Sherlock mentally slapped himself. He was here to make himself a cup of tea, and wander around London for an indeterminate amount of time until his thoughts could be controlled.
"I respect that you're important to me and by extension your health." It had turned into a staring contest between the two men. John smirked. In the army, he had some mates that just would not back down, so he'd gotten very good at intimidation. Of course, Sherlock wasn't about to be forced into saying John was smarter than him.
"Good," John replied. He stood up again, taking Sherlock's hand. "I already handed Angelo the money, so we can go back to the flat now." Sherlock nodded, following. "Thank you, Angelo!" John shouted. Angelo shouted something incomprehensible back.
Sherlock jerkily half-sat up, spitting out river water and coughing. John sighed loudly, laughing a little bit. "Is that you, John?" he asked shakily, reaching a hand up to the doctor's heart. "You saved me."
The detective smiled at Harry. "Of course he has. Now, to ask the more important question, have you been
John flitted about the kitchen, boiling water, grabbing a mug, and picking out the soothing tea he'd bought a month ago but used only a few times. After steeping the tea for longer than was probably necessary, he sat down in his chair, taking small sips. If John looked around the flat from this position, he thought he could hear whispers, voices echoing from the corners of the room.
"I said it." Donovan gave him a cold look, like it was John's fault he didn't see this coming. "First time we met. 'Solving crimes won't be enough. One day he'll cross the line.' Ask yourself what sort of man would kidnap kids just so he can impress us all by finding them?"
"Well, I can't let my boyfriend sleep all alone when he's feeling like this." John's smile was warm and comforting, and he wanted it to reach the genius so badly. "Eat, stay, and sleep. I'm pretty sure you don't do any of those things enough."
"Did you ever wonder why I got so jealous all the time? Why I drove all your girlfriends away? Why I never gave up the thought that maybe, just maybe, you would see me how I saw you?" Sherlock huffed. "I wasn't very good at any of that. But I wasn't surprised when Moriarty used you against me. The pool was really my fault, and I'm so sorry. I fell fatally for you first. Fatally because you destroyed my previous perceptions. All of them."
Sherlock shook his head again, and that laugh escaped his lips. John couldn't see him very well at all in the dark, and was it ever dark. "You know what dying feels like, don't you? I felt so hopeless, so lost, John. Broken, snapped. I doubted if even you could put me back together.
Once John came back out of the shared bedroom he found Sherlock standing facing the windows, violin in hand, bow in the other. As soon as Sherlock heard the other man's footsteps, he began to play. John immediately stopped in his tracks.
The two men stayed there, completely occupied, for about ten more minutes, until the sound of clomping feet echoed from the stairwell. Harry barged in not long after they heard it, cursing and huffing, several bags of groceries arranged on her wrists and hands. "What have you blokes been doing while I was gone?" she asked.
He quietly slipped into the flat, hoping Sherlock was playing the violin. The detective hadn't played the past couple of days, and John missed it a lot. Not that he would say so. Sherlock would laugh at him.
The woman looked surprised. "His name is Sherlock Holmes, and I had a crush on him for the longest time. Two years ago, he met someone named John, and they hit it off. Sherlock doesn't like people, and he's so blind to feelings, but he let John in. A year later, he thew himself off St. Barts. Did you hear about that?"
John gazed around. "If Harry did this, I know where she could be." Sherlock was spared a response by a loud noise echoing from behind them.
and now people laugh at him." She paused. "He's a good guy, hotter than the sun. Would've fucked him if I wasn't into you." Clara noticed Harry said 'into you' rather than 'into girls'. Stupid two am brain. "Holmes is good for Johnny, good to him. Johnny deserved someone like Sherlock long before he got him."
He grabbed for the detective, not caring exactly what he was grabbing. His only conscious thoughts surrounded getting his (er...) boyfriend (fiancé?) out of the freezing river as fast as he possibly could. This was one of the many problems with being in an army posted to Afghanistan: John had quite a bit of experience with heat. Cold? Not so much.
Johnny sighed. "I hope you have a good time. You haven't been happy lately and I hope this makes you happy."
John numbly moved all the pancakes, completely cooked or not, to the plate where he'd been setting them, and wiped his hands on a towel, walking over to the couch. Harry and Clara were as jittery as teenagers that had drank too many energy drinks. Sherlock pulled John down to him so that the doctor was sitting in his lap. "How many times do I have to say that I love you?"
"You don't remember, do you?" Sherlock asked. His voice was so sad, like he was used to this happening, like people forgot him all the time.
The detective sighed. "Well, John saved me. But afterward, he didn't touch me very much, and he said he
"Yes," John murmured. Tears were beginning to form in his eyes, but he was already forgetting why they were there.
with him. He'd never met someone who so readily accepted his brother, and it was quite strange. Mycroft wasn't sure he trusted it.
"We can see you." Sherlock's voice was annoyed and vaguely disappointed. "But Harriet is the problem, not you."
Huzzah, now John wondered what on Earth was wrong with him. "That's why I apologized, John," he whispered, with a single, hysterical laugh that came with a single tear. He suddenly felt so exhausted. Sherlock really needed to sleep, especially since it was better than any other options at that point. The cigarettes were gone anyway.
John and Sherlock got to talking after ordering and waiting for a little while longer than the impatient detective could stand. "So, what happened to all your attempts at dating?" Sherlock asked with a raised eyebrow.
"Hi," the woman whispered. "I'm going to tell you a secret. But I know you won't hear me." She ran a soft hand up Harry's palm. "You can't get rid of me that easily. I still love you, despite everything that we've been through." The woman laughed. "Maybe because of what we've been through. But we'll work this out." She leaned down and kissed Harry, not enough to wake her, but enough to make her mind take notice. The woman wore lipgloss too.
"You can't kill an idea, can you? Not once it's made a home...there." He touched a finger lightly to the middle of John's forehead.
...and the morning, which explained the couch. Sherlock was getting over someone, someone important and valued to him, and he probably thought John had taken advantage of him. Ugh. John put his head in his hands. He'd made a mess, hadn't he?
"It's all here. Conclusive proof." Kitty handed John a stack of papers, all of which proclaimed Sherlock was a fake in big, red letters. Sherlock would never have done that, he would have rather died than have people think he was a fraud. Or he didn't cover it up as prettily as Sherlock would have.
Clara held a hand up. "You can keep up with the complements later, Harriet. Why did you leave me, and be honest."
"Sherlock? Sherlock, I'm right here! Darling, look at me!" Hands moved Sherlock's face so that he was turned a certain way. Sherlock didn't see anything. There was nothing; someone tricked him. He wasn't even in 221B, in fact, he'd never been there. He was still in that Serbian torture chamber.
John felt a strange sense of wrongness, as if the sentence Sherlock said hadn't come out right, like he hadn't completed the deja vu. "There's something I need to do," Sherlock continued.
Sherlock hastily changed into the clothing, muttering to himself about people that believed in coincidences that never knew about the law of large numbers. He knew that wasn't the problem, but he tried to convince himself it was. John returned after a few minutes, having dressed in a t-shirt and a pair of sweats. "Do you need to brush your teeth? I have an extra toothbrush."
"Strapped a bomb to him, made him say things. We got away, I thought. That's what really happened. We got away at the real end. But in this one, he...was...shot."
you did, because otherwise my brain wouldn't have cared," Harry slurred. "Plus, you met him over two years ago, you silly boy."
John giggled like a schoolgirl. "The great Sherlock Holmes willingly asking a question about kissing? I've seen it all!"
"Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock," John whispered. Just that sound wound Sherlock's limbs back around John's in the dark. Sherlock burrowed his face into John's chest, pressing his ear down to hear a heartbeat. ThuThump. ThuThump. ThuThump.
Clara had had the job at the supermarket, the same 10 am to 4 pm shift the whole time she and Harry were dating and married, and she would always go to the market between 6 and 8 pm. Harry wandered around the place generally until the other employees that were never Clara kicked her out.
tired." Her tone was pretty hostile. It came out when she couldn't at least somewhat filter her words. "My brother's stupid boyfriend made me go through files for hours last night. I'm sorry, I'll try to move." She pushed off the wall and fell flat on her face, barely catching herself with her hands.
"Yes, Sherlock?" There was desperation in both of their voices, and God, did it throw small sticks of dynamite into the wall Mycroft had built around the Sherlock-and-John section of his mind palace. He tried to keep it back, tried to control the destruction.
John smiled a little. "And how are we going to 'get it out of her captor'? I thought there was more than one person anyhow."
"There is nothing wrong with you," John said. "He's gone, you loved him, it's normal to think about him. The nightmares come from your fears and previous traumatic experiences mixing together in a big pile of brain goo. This experience, you leaving him, was traumatic and led to other traumatic incidents, so when your brain gets a subconscious reminder of those things, it reorganizes it into something that the brain can then reanalyze." John broke off, blushing slightly. "Nothing strange at all."
Sherlock knew something was wrong when John started checking his blog for cases. And he wasn't at the clinic working. And he wasn't casually touching Sherlock or even speaking to him at all. Sherlock had almost forgotten what it felt like without John coming up behind him and hugging him, calling him darling (he still thought it was sexy), kissing him. He felt
John stood up and came over to the door, lacing his hand through Sherlock's. "Hello. I've heard a bit about you. Are you here for the good news?"
She smirked at him. "Nice to see you too. Actually, I'm off alcohol. I know I can do it this time. You will help me, right?"
There was no doubt about it. The second Harry saw her, she melted. Clara had wavy blonde hair that always got in her eyes, which were a lovely chocolate brown. Harry blearily thought a goddess like Clara didn't belong in such a normal, ordinary grocery store. Of course, Harry didn't know Clara's name then, having just run into her.
"I don't know," John answered, moving next to Sherlock and placing his head on his shoulder. "I really don't know."
"Why the hell can't it wait?" John yelled back from the bathroom. So John was taking a shower. Maybe the urge to go back to the warm shower would get Sherlock what he wanted.
"Oh, big bro!" Harriet threw her arms out and hugged John. "You are so wonderful. It's no mystery why Sherlock loves you!"
Sherlock stepped in, pulling John from his invisible cage, and evidently the memory. The doctor fell asleep in Sherlock's arms.
John pulled back a little and looked Sherlock in the eye. "It might as well be." He smiled. "Now, how about I start making a cake? I'll find my recipe."
The corner of Sherlock's mouth turned up in an almost-smile. "You're asking the correct question, but I can't give you the correct answer. I'm sorry."
"It appears so." Sherlock stood up and left a small kiss on John's cheek before heading up the stairs to what was apparently Harriet's room.
Sherlock and John weren't drunk, nor high; they were both fully sober when they had...slept together? No, too undefined a term. Had sex? Sounded ugly to his mind, which was rebuilding, since John had the unintentional habit of running through the palace hallways like a madman. Made love? Sherlock winced. No, it wasn't that either. It really couldn't be, for a variety of reasons. Oh well, he'd find something that fit.
Sherlock tilted his head at John, seeming to contemplate something, and then stood up. He took barely a stride and abruptly wrapped his arms around him, laying his head on John's shoulder. John was close to frozen, being very surprised, and yet unconsciously leaned into the touch. "Can we go on a date today?" Sherlock asked.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to wake you," Sherlock whispered. Harriet was sleeping upstairs; he hoped he hadn't disturbed her, too.
Harriet didn't come back to 221B until 9 pm. John fussed over her, but Sherlock knew she'd just fallen asleep during her latest excursion to Tesco. "Well, I'm still freaking tired," she said, "so I'm going to go to bed early, if that's alright with you two gentlemen."
So Sherlock kissed him back, running his fingers through John's short blond hair. Baskerville, the second time going into Baskerville, would be the next memory, and Sherlock would help him through it. He couldn't believe he'd done that to John before, tricked him into seeing the hound. But he'd make up for it this time around.
He stood, fidgeting, near the doorframe of 221B once he was sure John was ready. The door opened so slowly, but it was worth it. John looked...Sherlock didn't have the words. "Hi," the other man said. "Shall we?"
Sherlock seemed to know exactly where he was going, or where he had instructed the cabbie to take them. That was one of the things that John knew were his: knowing things that no one else knew.
"Thank you." So, Sherlock was saying thank you now? Not that John was complaining, it was really nice, but seriously, something wasn't entirely right.
The stabbing pain from his nightmares was back. "Yes." He nestled even closer to John, if that was possible. The movie continued, with its gigantic holes in the plot that Sherlock pointed out more times than he didn't. When it (finally) was concluded, John asked a question.
"Thank you, darling," John smirked and went back to the cupboards to grab the bag of the sweet stuff. Sherlock wondered if he really heard John call him darling. It sounded flirtatious and
Of course, Sherlock's eyes took that moment to begin streaming tears. The doctor kissed them away, but more and more kept forming and falling. "Shh, love, I'll take care of you, don't worry," John whispered as the two men began kissing for real. Sherlock tasted like saltwater, and John slid on top of him.
Harry was pretty in an unusual and hard to spot way. Pixie-cut brown hair, friendly face, laughing blue eyes. Clara completely forgot her exhaustion, the bags the woman surely saw under her eyes, and realized what it was to be smitten. If she believed in love at first sight (which she was trying to deny to this day), this would have been it.
Sherlock didn't answer, and he walked down the stairs like he was dismissing the statement. John thought this was strange, but followed. The sky was dark, a result of it being winter, even though it was only seven pm. Rain spat from the sky, not much, but enough for John to be glad he brought a warmer jacket. His companion was quiet all through the cab ride, his hands pressed together like he was praying poised under his chin. John wasn't really sure about the whole 'boyfriends' thing; however, something told him the tall man sitting next to him was trustworthy. He laughed, thinking of the entirely mad things that could come out of it.
He shook his head no, and John shrugged. "Alright. Sleep then?" Sherlock nodded this time, feeling not fully able to speak. The two climbed into the bed, Sherlock attempting to take up as little space as possible, John settling easily. The detective was warm and tired for the first time in a while, but couldn't relax his guard. An hour passed, but Sherlock couldn't go to sleep. "How are you comfortable over there?" John asked blearily, clearly about to fall asleep and having had enough of the other man. "Get over here, you git." John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, curling into him.
He felt a weird emotion fill him when Angelo called Sherlock 'our detective'. John wasn't sure if it was the sharing of the genius or the affection that got to him. "Sherlock hasn't eaten since yesterday, and I was thinking I'd surprise him with food."
The months slipped by. Harry and Clara moved in together, Johnny came around a few times, and eventually midget-like, pixie-cut brunette Harry Watson and petite, long-haired blonde Clara Peters were married. They were happy, but one thing had to happen.
When the lights turned on in the little flat, Sherlock's eyes quickly adjusted and took in the actress. Molly had agreed to play the part of Kitty Riley after Sherlock asked her to help him, because...well, Sherlock didn't know exactly. If the detective had a better definition of friendship, perhaps he would have considered her a very good one. Molly had dressed up for the part, too. And Sherlock really had no idea why.
Clara received the text to meet at 12 pm, thinking Irene wanted to have some serious words about Harry turning up again. But, it didn't end up like that.
"That isn't any way to greet your big sissy!" Harry said, her hands on her hips as she staggered into a patch of light made by a window. "Say hello!"
"Get him downstairs. Now." As Sherlock began to descend the stairs, he heard John talking to himself. Or, talking to Donovan.
"Of course. He's smart, and loves danger, and has kept up this whole charade that we're dating just to make me happy. He goes on cases with me and actually
"I went to a pool once. A pool a boy named Carl Powers was drowned in. Someone had wanted me to meet there. Incidentally, the killer of Carl. He wanted something from me, and he took someone to convince me to cooperate."
She ended up being too drunk to walk, so Sherlock carried her. Harry knew Johnny was fully capable of taking care of himself, but sometimes she had to be the big sister and watch over him. She would make sure Sherlock Holmes would never hurt her big brother again, and maybe he would help her find Clara.
"Yes." John laid back down, curling close to the detective. Everything would make more sense in the morning, when the light was consistent and Harry was banging around the flat. Sherlock felt him fall asleep.
Sherlock stirred a few minutes later, wriggling a little before sighing and slowly peeling open one eye, then the other.
The man shook his head. "Mr. Lestrade isn't a DI anymore. Got demoted after he let someone escape, someone who'd been in the files. The boss was furious."
John stared at her for a second before getting what she was saying and blushing. "No, we're not like that. I mean, he's just conducting an experiment with me. Nothing major. Just, er, kissing and holding hands and things. We're not together in real life."
"It did cross my mind," Sherlock replied, laying on the couch, an arm slung over his eyes. It would be easier to take the rejection while not standing. Why did Harriet have to say that? John would leave now, no matter all the nice things he said to Sherlock daily. This was never meant to be permanent anyway, there was never supposed to be love again. Sherlock tried so hard not to tell John every second of every day they spent together how he truly felt, but it appeared to have been done for nothing. And soon, he'd be back in 221C, or much farther away.
John raised an eyebrow at his screen. Sherlock didn't know very many people, especially not people he texted.
A year passed, the same hours going and going and gone. Nothing happened. The pain was still there, Harry had to move again, and John was still dying inside. It didn't ever end, Harry thought to herself as she stared out her one grimy window. Never never.
"I will seldom 'pull your leg', as many mundane people call it. I have no desire to, besides. The experiment is simple: you have to pretend to be my partner."
Knowing what she was doing was wrong added a impassible layer of depression to the whole experience. Harry would cradle a bottle close to her chest like it was Clara (like she knew the difference) and whisper how sorry she was, while her wife would go to sleep with tears on her cheeks, calling rehab places every week. But Harry never stayed for long, causing more depression and calling. A vicious circle. Eventually, it was too much.
Harry laughed bitterly. "Yeah right. That's the expression my brother used to wear all the time. I'm a drunk, not stupid. You look fine when he looks over, but then when he looks away, your face slips. You're not okay, and you don't want him to see."
John shook his head. He could not believe this. She was so much worse than he remembered. There were tears in his eyes, but he tried to keep them back. "Harry, we need to take you home. The police will arrest the man that kidnapped you, and we can leave this alone."
"Sherlock, you can't see what I see! John was reverting to his original state just slightly when we were talking, and even then, he had the same glowing look of people that are in love."
"I just can't tell John what Sherlock told me. Sherlock has been in love with him since the beginning, I'm sure of it, and John used to be in love with Sherlock before the weird crap with Sherlock's suicide started, so now I've got two men living with me, neither of which are going to say the L-word to each other, and the sexual tension between them doesn't go away even after they have sex." Harry paused. "Clara?"
John reached a hand out, but Sherlock shrugged away from it. This was wrong, in this time, in this place. John wasn't supposed to know; he would leave Sherlock, and that would be the end of that. "You want..."
John thought as he held the other man. "Isn't that better?" he mumbled. "You deserve better than you've been getting."
"True enough. It's probably why she's in this predicament." Sherlock ignored John's questioning look. "You see the mail on the table? All the postmarks have been crossed out. She's moved from somewhere else; hasn't even been long enough for the Forward on the letters to have gone. The boxes in the corner have old things in them, badly done photographs with a female that looks exactly like you and her girlfriend. Bottles covering the floor, your sister has been an alcoholic for some time. That necklace has the initials CW on the back of it; Harriet bought it for Clara as a wedding present around...a year and a half ago."
"It's not a riddle," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "And I want to ask you about the letters John sent you the past two years."
"Yes, darling." John rearranged himself to hold Sherlock to him. He needed a hug right about then. "Instead of my earlier plan, I'm going to tell you who and what all the constellations are."
"Again, the words I was looking for were 'yes, please'." But those other words were very nice as well.
"Hm..." Clara slid over the top of Harry, running a finger over her wife's lips. "I would enjoy that very much."
John opened his eyes and smiled at the man laying next to him. It wasn't very early in the morning, thank God, and Sherlock hadn't slept well the night before, so John knew his boyfriend was succumbing to the important need that was sleep. John softly kissed Sherlock's forehead and laid back down, curling into his previous position.
"Lovely." Clara leaned in and pressed her cherry-glossed lips to Harry's. It was slippery and tasted
"Alright, let my boyfriend go," John said good-naturedly after a few seconds. Harry smirked and did so, plopping on the couch and seeming to fall asleep right then and there. Sherlock let out a sigh of relief, and John squeezed his hand.
"You told me it in case I needed to look for baby names," John said, not realizing the implications of what he said until Clara's eyes began to tear and Harry started jumping up and down.
"Goodnight, darling," John mouthed, drifting off with just that effort. Although, it was almost morning then.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry," Moriarty placated, looking for all the world like a harmless, broke actor. "He paid me. He did all the work and he paid me."
to you? You once nearly killed a man because he laid a finger on her." What the bloody hell was going on tonight?! This wasn't Sherlock, it wasn't Sherlock at all.
Sherlock gave John a glance-over. He nodded approvingly. John wouldn't know that Sherlock couldn't tell him. "You know I'm quite observant."
Harry shook her head. "Doesn't matter. What matters is that man really does love you, whether your thick head chooses to accept that or not. And if you've done anything to hurt him, you're hurting yourself more." She stalked out of the flat, slammed the door, and went back upstairs.
He looked the ring over a bit longer, cupping it in his hand. Sherlock would be wondering where he was. John walked back out into the sitting room. Clara was quietly hysterical, trying not to ruin the moment, John could tell. Harry's leg was bouncing incessantly, and her fingers were tapping on the worn leather couch.
"John?" A pause. "John, the pancakes may be burning." More pauses. What was Sherlock saying? "John Hamish Watson, the kitchen is on fire!"
"I want that too." Sherlock moved forward and pressed his lips to John's, sliding his fingers down his love's chest, hearing John intake a sharp breath as he goes farther. "I want you, John Hamish Watson. Please?"
Sherlock shook his head. "I do not. However, the birthday woman may object to the pudding not coming very fast."
So, Irene was going to refuse to let Clara and Harry out of the flat until they had either resolved their differences and moved on, or (and Irene really desired this outcome) had gorgeous makeup sex, including Irene in the party. She wasn't picky about the differences part, but she quite wanted both of her girls on the bed, naked and glistening and treating her and themselves.
Clara blushed. "It's okay if you don't want to, I just haven't gone on a date in a while and I've seen you around and you seem nice, so..."
Harry walked out and smiled, but as she did, she felt a stickiness on her lips. Taking a sniff, she could smell the tiniest amount of cherry. Cherry lipgloss. Weird. Maybe someone pranked her.
Sherlock ran as fast as he could, stopping in the right places for dialogue, listening to the sounds of their breathing as they escaped. If only escaping was so easy in real life.
Mycroft hummed a moment, staring into Greg's eyes to try and find all the little indicators that would light up if he was telling the truth. "Can I hug you?"
He'd purposely sent Molly over to talk to either Clara or Harriet and attempt to remold and reform their marriage.
"He loves you, you daft idiot!" Mycroft exclaimed. "That will not disappear even when he realizes how much you hurt him!"
"So much that I won't let you change the subject." John was confident he had the consulting detective in a corner. Of course, Sherlock knew that would never be true.
God, Harry sounded so serious, and Clara was trying to find any reason not to believe her. "It's okay."
See, Irene was sick of her best friend and ex-wife not getting along, especially since Harry shouted Clara's name during sex, and Clara was ignoring her need for sleep and someone that loved her to stupidly avoid getting her heart broken again. Irene really did understand where Clara was coming from, but Harriet was just as miserable, perhaps even more so. Harriet was going through withdrawal concerning the blonde, and it was killing her more than the alcohol in Irene's opinion. Clara couldn't sleep and worked herself to death, taking extra shifts every single day. Besides, they loved each other. And love was worth it.
As he attempted, and failed miserably, to collect his thoughts (and possibly censor them), he realized exactly what the night's activities could have meant to Sherlock. John had obviously done something wrong in the time between...
"Filled with beer and lacking Clara," John sighed. "Plus, you and Sherlock need to talk about the kidnapping. He had some theories."
Hold up. Kiss? John's mind was ticking a million km an hour with no clear stopping point. How had this happened, and when? Was John drunk? Had he gotten a hold of Sherlock's drugs? He was sure he'd remember that. Kissing...Sherlock. The thing that caught him the most was that he wasn't against kissing Sherlock, he just wanted to know everything before that. Why did they go out on a date? Who had asked whom? When had they done that?
John reached back into his memory, but he could feel the lucid feeling fuzzing away. "No. Someone died. And there was a rooftop, and it was cold. But I can't recall anything else."
The detective snorted. "Eating is tedious and interferes with my mental processes." John's mouth tightened into a hard line.
Sherlock thought for a moment. "Angelo's. It's a nice Italian establishment not too far away, plus, I helped the owner out of a rough spot, so we might get the meal close to free."
"The magic words in this case are, 'may I please have some chocolate chips'." John could almost feel Sherlock roll his eyes. "I'll get them as soon as you let go of me."
John glanced at his other features for a second. "They were right about one thing." Sherlock tilted his head in incomprehension. "You are incredibly good-looking and handsome." The genius, being him, didn't quite understand that at first, but when he did, his entire face flushed deep red.
John nodded, bringing his foot up and doing some serious damage. Sherlock laughed happily. "This is why I chose you," he said.
The bigger, louder man headed into the kitchen to tell the order to the staff, and then came back out to John. "I'm pretty tickled you two crazy boys got together. Makes an old bloke like me happy."
Sherlock leaned quickly forward to kiss John, and moved almost faster back. The doctor's eyes were wide, and getting wider by the second; the genius had to reassure himself that John wouldn't recall any of this when the other John came back. He forced another lopsided smirk on his face and said, "
Harry wondered how a meeting in a supermarket could have turned her whole life upside down and fermented-wheat-smelling. In fact, she didn't even want to know. But now, she had a duty to Johnny: make sure Sherlock didn't hurt him like Harry had hurt Clara.
The corner of the woman's mouth twitched up. "Yeah. John was heartbroken for a few days, but then it was like Sherlock never existed for him. I don't know what happened, his body probably blocked out memories of Sherlock to save itself. Sherlock was Johnless for a while, and that was hell for everyone involved." She blew a strand of hair out of her face. "Now, he's back in the same flat he used to live in, with John, and they're dating now, according to DI Lestrade, who works with them. But John still doesn't remember." Her brow furrowed. "So I'm in quite the mess with them."
John grinned cheerfully. "He could never run me out of the house, Mrs. Hudson. I love him and his gorgeous body far too much to leave over a bag of spilled thumbs." Wait...rewind.
Sherlock made an almost choking noise. "I did. And you, you are like him in so many ways. You worry about me, you love the danger, you let me in so easily. In my mind, you are exactly the same as him, even though logic tells me that's not so. Plus, you have the advantage of proximity." He broke off. "I don't know what isn't right to say, but I'm using you because I want you to replace him, to be my carbon copy, to keep me alive until I can survive on my own. It's survival of the fittest, and my mind and emotions were far from fit without him. So, I'm...sorry. If you want to go now, you can." He curled in on himself, rocking back and forth.
Harry looked at her phone with extreme interest. She really couldn't tell if this was a joke, but then again, Irene Adler didn't tend to joke about meeting people. Or mind-blowing sex.
"There might be more people in the sky than animals, at least in the Greek versions of the stories. But since those are the ones that are the most well-known, I'll tell them."
The doctor raked the outstretched hand through Sherlock's hair, effectively shutting him up. "Let me finish." When Sherlock gave him a confused and slightly betrayed look, John grinned devilishly (again, sexy) and added, "Your brother told me it was the easiest way to calm you." He paused. "And I can see you're now planning the murder of Mycroft."
"Is it so impossible to forget your own sibling's name? I would be infinitely more jovial if I forgot my brother's, but I expected more from you, John."
Mycroft silently and numbly climbed into one of his black cars, not acknowledging Anthea sitting next to him. "Is the information delivered, sir?" she asked, not looking up from her BlackBerry.
Harriet was asleep on the couch, clutching a picture of her and Clara that John had saved from before he went to war. Sherlock gazed at her, wondering how she could be still so in love with someone after years of being without them. And then he answered his own question, wondering how he could have asked it in the first place. She looked unhappy, Sherlock realized. She had that same look on her face that he carried with him the past year.
"UUUUGGHHHHH." Sherlock pressed two fingers to either temple. "Hm. Question. Do you remember the serial suicides case? Four victims, all took the same pill."
"I cannot lose my brother, Gregory." Mycroft paused. "Dr. Watson cannot lose him either. Make sure he gets out alive."
As he cooked, he couldn't help but notice Sherlock watching his every move curiously. But his curiosity wasn't just that, there was more, John could see it. His silver eyes were...glistening? Glowing? Not really. Shining. John took a closer view when he knew Sherlock wasn't looking. There was something...Longing. Love. And it was painful to him, but he was doing a damn good job of keeping it hidden.
Later, when the happy couple was asleep, Irene quietly and carefully dressed as to not wake them. She really had made a good decision tricking the two lovebirds. And to make it even better, she heard Sherlock and Johnny had gotten together. The days were getting perfect again.
"Of course it does. Fortune brought us together under the same roof, Sherlock. Fortune exists for that sole reason." John's smile was sweet, and it didn't exactly help Sherlock's buzz from the alcohol.
Harry laughed, quickly shushing herself, and then laughing again. "His name's Sherlock Holmes, and he's a fancy detective. You heard about him maybe in the paper? He got caught in a deerstalker hat
"Molly Hooper fancied me once, but I messed that up too badly for it to be fixed now," Sherlock answered, and there was something sad in his eyes. "I'm not good with emotions, so I probably couldn't have fixed it even if I wanted to. Lots of people have said I was good-looking, or handsome, but then I deduced them and they scarcely looked back. I don't even know what they wanted from me."
John had the sudden urge to do something, so he wrapped his arms around Sherlock and hugged him. "That's really cool of you. Thank you."
Clara tilted her head to the side and smiled softly. "Goodnight, Harry." Harry nearly swooned right there at the sound of her name from Clara's lips.
Mycroft looked up at his still standing brother. "Everyone whose memories were taken by Moriarty has them back now. DI Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, Donovan, and Anderson all remember John and the past two years, including your death. It's only a matter of time before John does too."
Lestrade watched the consulting detective stalk away, shaking his head. That man's mind moved far too fast for him to process. How had Sherlock gotten from serial suicides to a woman's letter? He turned back to his door and sat back at his desk, trying to reorganize the mess on top of it.
Now, a few days later, she laid awake, staring at the ceiling, not functioning well enough to work on anything for the next staff meeting and too cognitive to lull herself into drowsiness. She wondered sometimes why she hadn't gotten into bed with anyone else after Harry left her, and then answered her own question in a loop. The clock read 1:59 am, and turned to 2:00 before her screen shut off.
The wedding ceremony wasn't anything to write home about, John remembered with a smile. The only people there were Mycroft, Lestrade, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, Harry and Clara, and Irene. He and Sherlock had wanted to elope, but their landlady wouldn't have it. So, a vaguely public ceremony it was.
Anthea smiled sympathetically. "I promise you can drink as much as you want at this meeting. And I'm sorry."
in it. John shook his head and sat down, waiting for the man to tell him why he was here. Of course, the man refused to speak for several minutes, staring at him. His gaze was penetrating, searching, taking John apart piece by piece. This person had something about him, but John thought he was too tired to fully figure it out.
"Your gait, your insistence we help you with the bags, not one, but three bottles of beer, the lines in your face. Shall I go on?" Harry huffed and dropped the other bags, heading down the stairs to plead pity from Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock assumed. John let out a small breath and picked up half of the remaining groceries, setting them on the counter next to where Sherlock had finished storing the food.
The lies from the truth, the meaning behind the meaning, it was all. Just. A. Game. A game with real hearts, real minds at stake, like a poker pot that had humans trapped in it. Luck and strategy wins.
"Three days after I died, and I'm going to keep saying died because that's the most appropriate word I can think of for what happened, someone injected you with a serum. For lack of a better term, it was a memory loss serum. You forgot the entire year you knew me, from the moment we met to two days after my death. I'm sorry. Moriarty wanted to hurt me, and you got in the way. He wanted to make it so that when I came back, I would stay lost and barely functional."
"Sherlock, I don't want the world believing you're..." John paused, staring at the floor. "A fraud."
to make sure John was still there, still holding him, still...still loving him. Where had John gone? Sherlock couldn't swore he was right there...
Clara held up a hand. "Molly and I had this conversation. I'm going to try this for a little while. I'm sorry that it interrupts everyone's lives."
"Shut up." She really didn't want to admit it, but she thought about Harry every once in a while. Okay, a lot. Okay, practically all the time. She shouldn't! She should forget all about Harriet Olivia Watson and her short hair that Clara could almost run her fingers through and the necklace Clara had given back when she heard where Harry had moved to and why she called her Clarabella, beautiful Clara. The sooner all of it was gone, the better. But she couldn't bring herself to hate Harry. And that was infuriating. If she hated Harry, all of this would be so much easier.
He turned to look at him. "Oh. Figures you would show up. Down the hall and to the left. Who's that?"
John pulled him back. "What is this all about? Are you drunk? I've never seen you drunk, but have you drank anything strange? Maybe the guards slipped you some sort of sedative."
"I do." If Sherlock didn't want to think that John didn't care about him, he was welcome to, but John wanted Sherlock to know it. Sherlock was very important to John, and that would never change. "Darling, if something is hurting you, I want to help."
John smiled when he saw Sherlock's eyes closed as the other man pressed his lips to his forehead. The white lie was easily forgiven. John didn't want to lose the detective over something as stupid as the cupboards.
Harry and Clara were standing across from each other in front of Clara's flat, Harry awkwardly shifting her weight between feet, Clara primly waiting with her feet together and one arm over her torso, holding onto the other arm. "Goodnight," Harry said, thankfully remembering eye contact.
John rolled his eyes. "Love, you're thinking too loudly. If you can't tell me, that's alright, but it's really better if you do."
"Better," Sherlock replied, opening his eyes. He stood up; there was an experiment that he needed to conduct. "I need to go to the police station."
The detective murmured something that sounded like, "Greetings are pointless," but didn't object more than that. His voice was raspy, adding a new layer to his natural baritone. John expected him to want to get up quickly, but he just held John tighter, as if he was almost
"What would I want? This is quite the opportunity to work on your deduction skills." Sherlock saw John move forward, but almost couldn't register it. He had to be dreaming, this didn't happen in his pre-suicide life.
John's mouth fell open, the pancake he was flipping probably landed somewhere on the floor, and he stared at his boyfriend. "You'd marry me?" It wasn't that John couldn't see himself spending the rest of his life with Sherlock, it was just that he was the first man John had ever dated, and the shortest amount of time he imagined dating someone before getting married. Surprisingly enough, they'd only been together for a couple of months (two months, thirteen days).
about me. Do you think...John won't want to marry me anymore because he had to save me?" Clara's mouth fell open. "I've always been a burden to him, so it makes sense that after this he'll leave. What do you think?"
"Of course he's Richard Brook, there is no Moriarty. There never has been." The reporter started to fuzz around the edges as John stared at her in disbelief. For a moment, she didn't even look like herself, she looked like Molly. But that was ridiculous...
Instead of answering, John turned to Harry. Sherlock would have to wait until Harry was gone if he wanted to know why Harry was leaving. "You have my number if you need me."
"Yep!" Both men drank again, on their fourth swig. Harry, who was paying a little bit of attention to her brother and his boyfriend, thought the whole thing was extremely hilarious. Two men with no ability to drink were playing a drinking game, and telling each other facts about one another. Soon, Sherlock would finally admit he was a virgin, and the two would shag right on the couch. And Johnny would pound him so that he was sore for a week. Not that she wanted to imagine it, but it was still funny to think about.
John hovered above him with the boxes, really not sure what to tell him that wasn't a lie. "He says hello and enjoy."
"Alright, Irene. How are you? More importantly, what's this about? I told you, I'll confront Harry...sometime."
When Sherlock pulled away, he noticed the grin on John's face, and knew whatever was bothering him had passed. He sighed. "How about we put the rest of this away, darling?" John ran a finger over Sherlock's jaw. "Then we can curl up on the couch and I can tell you a story."
Harry tended to know when people were in love. It was a talent of some sort, but she didn't think it had much use until she met Clara. Suddenly, she read her signs like an astrologer read their stars, hoping for one of them to tell her something.
Sherlock fell, down and down and down, slowly, until he was curled on the floor. "That can't happen. I can't let it. I can't let John go through that
Sherlock watched her go with the smile slightly fading. She didn't know that their relationship wasn't real, but she was perceptive, so shouldn't she have picked up on it? Sherlock's brow furrowed a little. And, he still was working on why Moriarty hadn't hit Harriet with the Memory Toxin, as he called it. Harriet knew about him and his impact on John's life, so why hadn't she been targeted?
Sherlock took a small bit of the amber liquid into his mouth and flinched as it burned down his throat. John looked unaffected, but Sherlock assumed it was because he'd done this many times. "First question, what is your full name?"
"Simple enough." John came over with a cap-popper and took the beer from Sherlock, taking off the cap and giving it back to him. He did the same with his own.
People saw it in movies all the time: happy couples flinging pretty phrases at each other, but it was more than the shallow emotion they showed. When someone called you beautiful, you were done for. Every time it was said was like the first time. The fluttering in your stomach, the crazy fast heartbeat, the glow in your face, those things didn't just disappear.
Sherlock made a decision: he was going to leave before John had a chance to leave him. He was going to save everyone involved a great deal of pain, except himself, but that didn't matter at all. As he searched through his mind palace to make sure there weren't any other options, John walked into the sitting room.
"No, he ensured it." Mrs. Hudson shook her head disapprovingly. "My husband was not a good man. Lovely when we were younger, but I figured out he'd been running a drug cartel behind my back the whole time. Nasty business."
"John." Sherlock sat down at the table and pulled his sheet tightly around him, like a security blanket. Although, it didn't change the track of John's mind. God, he'd never noticed how Sherlock's suits hid how muscular his arms were, and his legs, mostly his thighs, and
And, somehow, John began to laugh. It sounded very nice, better than music Sherlock could create, but he had no idea why John was laughing. Wasn't this situation serious at all?
"You should've. We went to pubs a couple times." Mycroft turned around to see DI Lestrade in the flesh. Or rather, Sergeant Lestrade as he was now. He had a few more lines in his face, but otherwise, it was the same (reliable, independent, good-looking) man. "Hello, Gregory."
Irene Adler waited in the sitting room for her two lovely girls to arrive. Harriet would likely be a minute late, since it got her more punishment, which she greatly enjoyed. Clara, on the other hand, would come directly on time. It gave Irene a chance to slightly explain what she was going to do.
Sherlock deduced Lestrade for a moment, trying to make sure he was telling the truth. "Lestrade, are you certain? This changes everything."
"What about my methods makes me selfish, my dear doctor?" Sherlock asked scathingly. "I almost died for you!"
"Not very long ago. Earlier, when he'd solved my husband's problem, he'd been looking at your flat, 221B. But he went..." She furrowed her brow. "Well, I don't know where he went. He practically disappeared for two years. I was rather worried. Sherlock showed up here abruptly after that, though. Nearly gave me a heart attack, he did. He said he'd take any flat I had, any one of them in this building, he didn't care which. He was so specific before, but when I told him it was taken, he looked
John shook his head. He knew Sherlock, he knew how Sherlock worked. The reason why Sherlock was a consulting detective was to help people, but he didn't like saying it. He wanted to beat the villains, hang back in the shadows so only a few people would know what he did every day to keep the world turning. Sherlock had said he wasn't a hero, but John knew that he was. It was one of the things John loved about him.
"You didn't think about my feelings at all! Did it cross your amazing, brilliant mind that I want to be with you no matter what kind of utterly crazy things you do and how much you believe I don't?" John stopped, looking away. "Don't want to be with you, that is. I do."
They arrived at a group of warehouses labeled 1 through 6. Sherlock paid the cabbie, but the person said, "You know this is a bad part of London, mate?"
Neither brother spoke for a few minutes. Silence for them usually spoke volumes, but this time, there was no speech at all. "How long do I have?" Sherlock asked into the still air. His voice was froggy and hoarse, probably from the tears slipping down his face.
"Aren't I supposed to like whatever my boyfriend makes?" They'd knocked against the door, and John had to fumble for the key.
John tilted Sherlock's chin forward to lightly kiss him. "A story about the Empire and the Rebels, and a galaxy far, far away."
"So maybe that's what you should do," Harry added, ignoring who held the phone and putting him on speaker. "Have some amazing sex, and work out your issues that way."
"Probably one of the killers you managed to attract-" John realized how awful and unbelievable that sounded. "Jesus. Sherlock, she's dying. Let's go." He was halfway toward the door when Sherlock answered him.
Harry obviously wasn't believing anything he said. "Yada, yada. All I want is to know why you two are bringing me to your flat. I have my own flat."
Sherlock glared at him and ate another bite of his pasta. "I couldn't comprehend why people need to be remembered by everyone. Most people accomplish nothing lasting in their pathetic lives, be it physical or fundamental. True changes come rarely; everything in our minds is the same as it was one hundred, five hundred, one thousand years ago. Jealousy, greed, lust, brief moments of happiness, but it means nothing. We are like candle flames, and we burn out as easily. How can people be expected to remember a single fire out of billions?"
"With the drunk lesbian woman out there. Of course, with you!" Sherlock sat on the bed and didn't look like he was going to move anytime soon, so John smiled and rummaged through his dresser, trying to find something of his that could fit the much taller man. When he had got to the bottom of his very top drawer, he saw some items that didn't look like his.
John leaned forward when he heard this, carefully, elegantly taking Sherlock's lips captive. These kisses were gentle, quiet, speech without words, music without a tune, a painting without a title, but more beautiful than Sherlock Holmes had ever encountered. He wondered, just then, what could have happened had he let his best friend in.
What had happened when he and John played the drinking game? Sherlock wracked his brain, but the thing couldn't bring any recollections back. It frustrated him to no end!
Sherlock's brow furrowed. There seemed to be only one option. Sherlock had broken his promise to John and however much John did, Sherlock was still at fault. John was always the good, kind, sensible one that never hurt anyone, and Sherlock had a recurring habit of running through the streets of London destroying things in his path to the cases' ends. It was obvious what was going to happen, if he thought back to the beginning.
He and John jumped in front of a bus before quickly getting out of the way, cutting through back alleys and small side streets to get to safety. Sherlock never understood car chases. Cars were boring. But running, running was
John, looking after the detective, was very confused. There was no real reason why Sherlock would show that much emotion in respect to the army doctor, especially since he thought of himself as quite normal. Had he gotten too close to a truth Sherlock didn't want him to know? Was Sherlock nervous about something more impacting than a question about when he'd eaten? John face-palmed. Of course he was.
"She started drinking, and it got really bad, but I kept thinking she would get out of it. Harry didn't, and it only got worse. Finally, one night, she said she was going to go to save me from herself." Clara looked at her hands. "She was drunk, so she probably didn't mean it. In her mind, she was probably a knight in shining armor, a martyr."
"Yes," Sherlock whispered back. "Thank you." He paused. "Goodnight, John." But John was already asleep. "I miss you," he breathed.
and Harry was beyond thinking by this point. Their bodies were getting closer together every second, but it only took a few for their bodies to meet.
Sherlock didn't know whether Mycroft would do such a thing, however. Erase the memories of John, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, and Donovan? The only people that even remotely cared about him? Donovan, well, she didn't really care, but Lestrade? Mrs. Hudson?
John sighed. "I'm glad. I want you to be alive as long as you can." He buried his head in Sherlock's shoulder, breathing him in. "The song was beautiful."
"Clarabella, we need to get up." Harry got an idea all of the sudden. "If you do, and we explain to John what happened, then I'll do that thing I did during our honeymoon."
John grinned. "I don't either. But we have to." He carefully began extracting himself from Sherlock's arms. It took quite a long time, but eventually he managed to leave the bed and walk to the bathroom. When he came out, Sherlock had wrapped himself in a sheet and stood up.
Everything lost would be found. All would be returned to its original state. Sherlock fell asleep thinking of circles, and how he desperately wanted for this one to never close.
Don't just leave me hanging after that little speech," the detective said scathingly. "Spit it out."
John took that reply and began to walk outside, knowing Sherlock had a destination in mind. The detective, as John now thought of the man beside him, was incessantly fidgeting, tapping his fingers together, wearing a zigzagged path behind him. Lestrade and Anderson were having a conversation about the possible meanings of the scuffs on the walls. Not that they knew anything. When Sherlock carefully avoided them, John had a feeling there might be a reason. Of course, Sherlock would never admit weakness to others; John was an exception just because he was an experiment.
Sherlock exaggeratedly ate his entrée, making sure John noticed the effort he was making. In fact, it wasn't that difficult for Sherlock, but he didn't like worrying John, and by the approving looks John was giving him, he had the upper hand. Never had Sherlock Holmes had the urge to eat, but now he did, and there weren't any cases to concentrate on, so he could indulge just this once. Dating was a give and take, wasn't it?
They really knew how to hurt him, using John against him, using his best friend (lover)(boyfriend) to break him. Well, it worked!
John laughed, but it was sweet and made something in his stomach flutter. Of course, that was scientifically impossible and therefore not what was really happening. "It starts with a question. Will you go out with me?"
John stared at Sherlock. He'd had no idea that was his first kiss. It explained a lot, like why Sherlock had been so cautious with the touching earlier, and the lack of knowledge about romance, and the innocence that didn't fit a consulting detective that had seen countless bodies. No one had loved Sherlock like he deserved. It made a bottomless pit feeling in his chest.
Mycroft glared at her. "Just tell me where I'm supposed to be meeting this person. Is it the Portuguese diplomat? I thought we cleared up that issue last week."
"If I never see another movie again, it will be too soon." Sherlock still hadn't moved from his position laying down on the couch, Union Jack pillow under his feet and his head in John's lap.
"This man was hired to be the muscle of this operation. He isn't smart, he ran off clomping through the building so everyone would know he was there, and that is not a mistake a smart criminal makes. In conclusion, Harriet was physically kidnapped by an idiot but in the custody of someone very intelligent, however, she was taken not because of anything she did. Only letters were taken along with her, so something about her correspondence damned her." John winced at the description of his sister's fate, but Sherlock didn't seem to notice.
John led Mrs. Hudson up the stairs, Sherlock trailing behind. "Come up here, darling. You need to show her the damage." A little twinkle appeared in his eyes as he looked at Sherlock. No, he was imagining things. John messed with his mind on the best of days.
Yes, he was sort of crushing on Sherlock, but who didn't do that? It turned out John didn't have to say anything.
A cab drove up to the banks of the river, and John came out of it, clutching a mobile (Harry's mobile) in his hands. Sherlock pressed speed dial #1 on his calling app and put the device to his ear. John would answer in a few rings.
"Really? You're asking me?" Sherlock looked so damn socks-knocked-off that John just had to kiss him.
Sherlock looked peaceful. Like this was all he wanted in life. John wondered if he could be Sherlock's peace. He wanted to be, quite a lot. The calm to Sherlock's storm, because Sherlock was a tsunami that crashed over everyone he met.
once? Him? He never remembered seeing any sign John felt the same way back then. Did Harriet have the wrong idea? Did she simply want to push them together?
Sherlock took a deep breath. "I found out you still lived in 221B, and I had to see you, so I moved into 221C, so that maybe I could pass by you once in a while, know you were alright. But it wasn't enough. I needed to be over you, I needed to move on, otherwise, I wasn't sure if I was going to survive at all." He laughed, this time with a bit of humor. "I cooked up this experiment to spend time with you, as your boyfriend, just to see if that little taste could get me through a lifetime of being without my John. I told you that it was just pretending. I hope you know that it was never pretending for me. That was my reality.
Sherlock looked vaguely uncomfortable with the friendliness, but replied, "Some. This is John Watson, my..." He wasn't sure how to put it.
His mouth fell open. "What makes you think I'm willing? We just met, and I'm not gay, plus it's bloody five am and I can't think straight!"
"And how the hell do you expect me to get in?" Harry glared daggers at Kate. "Just lay me down with a blanket in your break room. You're the manager, aren't you? You can
"John always says eight hours of sleep is what adults need. I should appease him." Sherlock laid down on the couch, pulling John down with him.
Two more sets of CPR later, John's hands were getting cramped. He cursed as he leaned back down to his detective's chest, listening. "One more time," he whispered, voice cracking. "Just for me. Just...stop it. Stop this." One last time, John opened Sherlock's mouth and breathed for him, longer than he had before, silently begging Sherlock with his mouth to wake up. It turned into more of a kiss the last few seconds, a goodbye kiss, but John refused to think that.
The detective shook his head. Walking one stride forward, he kissed his blogger gently on the lips, and then again on the forehead. John would have to go see Mycroft about the articles Kitty had written, and Sherlock would have to set up for falling from London Bridge. When they met again, John would be angry with him, and Sherlock wanted to remember this instead.
John laughed as he headed back to the bedroom. That was fun. He loved kissing Sherlock, it was one of the real perks to being his 'boyfriend'. John knew that once Sherlock was okay, he'd leave, and this whole thing would be over, but John still enjoyed spending time with him. Especially teasing him. It was also nice to kiss someone after all this time. His last girlfriend had been...months? A year? Whatever, it was better with Sherlock anyway. Sherlock was different.
The man thought for a moment. "The real DI now is Sally. If you have a real problem, you should go talk to her instead."
John laid down so that they were touching all down one side. He was enjoying this very much. "Are you sure about that?" Sherlock shivered. God, why did John have to get so close? He resisted the urge to smell the cinnamon shampoo from John's shower.
The detective shook his head. "It's not you. I'll inevitably fuck this up, and I don't want you to be caught in that."
"Going on dates where you actually admit you're dating? That's just lovely, that is. You were such a gentleman." Angelo sighed, and John was halfway between running outside without the food and laughing. "And the kiss was sweet, too."
John flipped two pancakes with each hand, doing some serious acrobatics to land them all back in the saucepan. Sherlock laughed, making his absolutely gorgeous baritone pronounced. "What?" John asked, smiling.
"I remember Harry wouldn't take it off when I got home from the war," John said in wonder. "I knew there was something about it."
The marriage was so easy in the beginning. Clara and Harry stood across from each other, exchanged vows and rings, and Harry's older brother looked on with pride in both of them. John had always liked her, and after everything went wrong, he was the one to help.
and those lips belonged to...John. "Darling, shhh, it's alright, I love you, and I'm not going anywhere, so you will be okay, I promise, as long as I'm alive, you will be okay." Kisses were pressed all over Sherlock's face and neck, kissing the tears away, kissing the pain away. Sherlock had never understood the general premise used by mothers that kisses could heal injuries, but now he did. John could heal anything.
John sent the text message from his office, while a rather difficult patient with an imaginary disease that John had proved wasn't there countless times trotted out, but not before threatening to sue. Not exactly the best day.
"Oh, hell no. But we can try to fix our marriage. We never signed divorce papers though, so technically, you're still Mrs. Watson."
"Sorry, boys! I'm soooooo changeable!" Mycroft immediately reached for his phone again, out of habit only, but there was no one left to call. Without putting himself in danger, there was nothing he could do.
"Come here," Clara whispered. Harry gratefully collapsed into her wife's arms, sobbing fully now. "I felt like absolute shit when you left, and John tried his best to help with a shoulder to cry on every once in a while, and Irene did her best as well, but nothing could replace you. And damn, I wanted it to. I wanted there to be some sort of something I could turn to in order to make things better, but nothing worked." She paused. "I still loved you. I still
He smiles. Apparently, she’s given in, and is no longer angry—either accepting that it isn’t worth the fight, or taking enormous pity on him. “I will,” he promises.
Next to the biography, there's a photograph of a young man. He appears to be eighteen or so. His face is thin and clean-shaven; pale, but not sickly. His wavy hair is somewhere between light brown and auburn. He's got thick, heart-shaped lips and high cheekbones, and his eyes are hundreds of shades of green, blue, and gold.
Truth be told, it's not difficult for Sherlock to think of a good memory. Overall, he had a secure and fulfilling childhood. But boredom was a permanent resident in his brain, as was a fascination with the macabre.
John speaks soon after, but not to express his gratitude; he doesn't even meet Lestrade's eyes. "But it's not news to you."
And once again, John can't help but wonder—for Sherlock, is this all simply a means to an end? When he kisses him like this, when he moves his hips like this, is it really all just an act?
There’s one night every year that humans always remember: the night the calendar flips. So if you’re home alone on New Year's Eve, crying over a beautiful dickhead who broke your heart, you will wear that for the rest of your life like a bad tattoo.
It occurs to him again how thankful he is to have saved Sherlock's life. Though he could have died while doing so, he regrets nothing. Right now, the two of them are here, living this moment together, and he has never felt more alive.
Sherlock opens his eyes. John’s respirations are accelerated—though he appears to be sleeping. No. Sherlock peers closer; John’s eyelids are too steady. He isn't sleeping. He's only pretending to be sleeping.
Sherlock frowns. He worries again about John's head injury. "And what about you? What will your contribution entail?" He moves closer to the edge of his chair and closer to John, waiting for his answer, because it's very important that he hear every word of the plan.
The feeling in his stomach was only heightened when the end of the play came and Sherlock turned wondrous eyes on him, asking how he felt, wanting to hear John's opinions. He was chivalrous as they left their seats, holding John's coat as he put it on, leading him off the balcony, through the dispersing audience, holding doors open.
"John, please stop talking about what we consumed, I have never eaten so much in one sitting in my life."
The next time John was going out Sherlock was waiting in his coat when John came into the living room. "Oh, you're off out as well?" he asked, aiming for nonchalance and knowing he was failing. He was trying hard to believe that Sherlock wasn't in any danger going out alone. He'd managed fine before John came along. "New case?"
He had taken so long to come to terms with the fact that he wanted to be with John for more than work, for more than the occasional game of Monopoly, even for more than the talking that happened sometimes late at night in their arm chairs across from each other.
"Did you mention anything to Angelo? About us?" John asked as he tucked into his pasta. Sherlock enjoyed watching him when they were out together. The previous occasions had involved rather too much alcohol to really appreciate everything that went on on one of John's 'dates'. He enjoyed John choosing wine he thought they would both like, found it much easier to choose the same food as John to avoid making another unnecessary decision. Watching John from across a small table, being able to reach across and touch his hand, it was all new and very pleasant.
"Yes," Sherlock replied at once, and John thought he might be sick. "But, more realistically, it's me, thinking about you. It's not you that is the problem."
"Oh, right," John said, taken by surprise, but only for a moment. He had been whispering to Sherlock last night, he remembered the words he had used, but he certainly hadn't meant to rush things on at all, hadn't wanted Sherlock to think he wasn't blissfully happy with their current situation of showers and bed-sharing.
He strode across the room, confidently sitting down in the chair across from Sherlock. Not his chair. Not his Sherlock, couldn't even realistically call him his friend, not now.
"You ok?" John gasped out, only just capable of rational thought himself, but he forced himself to be aware.
He held Sherlock close and rubbed his feet against Sherlock's calves. "'Morning," he answered softly.
Greg stood behind the desk, huge grin on his face, handing over various items in plastic bags, clearly enjoying himself far too much as he returned their possessions.
He sat looking out of the window while Mike was in the toilet. When he came back John would be ready to tell him he was calling it a night. He wasn't rushing home to see Sherlock, he was just tired, that was all. He squinted through the glass to the street - a shadowed figure in a long coat was passing under an awning across the road from the pub. It couldn't be Sherlock, surely? Too much of a coincidence, and he had no reason to be checking up on John. He turned back to his beer and thought no more about it until a woman began trying to attract his attention by asking him about his work, and then it was purely circumstantial that Sherlock entered his head again. Time to go. He stood up and left a tenner on the bar top, headed over to where he could see Mike reappearing and nodded to the front doors when he caught his eye. Mike followed, questioning of course, but John gave his excuses and they parted at the tube station.
He lay back, sagging into the mattress and heard his name through the somewhat calming sound of blood rushing to his ears. It was dream Sherlock, calling to him.
of all people." He stopped, the words were choking out of him again and he couldn't get through this but he had to try.
Ten minutes later, it was the same thing again, Sherlock was still there. This time he was on his phone, no doubt answering a bloody Twitter message or responding to Lestrade about a case. So why couldn't he do that at home?
Sherlock's face grew soft, eyes letting slip the purity of his thoughts as he said, "I know, I'm sorry it took me so long to get here."
It wasn't awkward exactly, it was silent, but John left Sherlock to snooze, or retreat to his mind palace or whatever he was doing. He didn't want to talk about his drinking, although Lestrade's words were hanging heavy.
John pursed his lips and breathed in through his nose, eyes closed, head back against the cushions for a second. "No," he finally said. "No, no, it's fine."
Sherlock looked up at him, struggled to his feet and stood wavering on the pavement as John hunted for his keys. He dropped them, picked them up and grabbed Sherlock's arm again. "Let's get inside."
"I tried," Sherlock mumbled from behind a surgical mask. "Molly's on holiday and no one else would let me in."
Finally, Sherlock chipped in, "Ah, but John's not around much, he seems to prefer the surgery to accompanying me these days. Isn't that right, John?"
"Right, well..." Sherlock sat up and looked at himself. "I suddenly feel rather under-dressed for this," he said quietly, seriously.
He had suggested they move into the shower, thinking it might be easier with so much slipperiness. Not that they intended anything serious yet, they would just see what might happen.
"Yes, I really don't know how you manage it, John. Is this really a fulfilling day's work for you? How do you stay awake?"
He couldn't keep his breathing steady, could feel the rapid rise and fall of Sherlock's chest as he came closer - thigh to thigh, chest to chest - as they met in a careful press of lips which John felt all down his spine in shivers of pleasure. He closed in further, his hand moving to the back of Sherlock's neck as he deepened the kiss, pressing his tongue against Sherlock's lips, licking and teasing, trying to put all he had into it, because if Sherlock had never kissed anyone... well, John wanted to be the only one who would ever know this feeling. Sherlock's arms were around John's waist, one gripping his shirt, it felt like they were both clinging to each other in desperation.
Angelo was on them at once and John's hand on Sherlock's back as he stepped over beside him made Sherlock's heart race all over again.
Sherlock held his eye and he nodded, somehow an understanding was shared between them, although John really had no idea what that understanding was. He was just as confused as ever, and knowing that Sherlock had bought him those clothes, had chosen to give John undoubtedly his new favourite pair of shoes, for no apparent reason other than that he was suddenly just a nice person? John needed to go.
Sherlock stood up, led the way to his bedroom and in a moment they were lying together in the comfort of Sherlock's bed. Sherlock reached out an arm and John rolled to his side, wrapping an arm over Sherlock's chest, his forehead touching Sherlock's cheek.
"Ok, so what's happened to the heating and why didn't you just light a fire?" he asked as they set off.
He made sure and faced the other way when Sherlock called him back in to sit down at the table. He thought about anything but those things sitting on the counter, trying hard to make conversation, but Sherlock really wasn't responding much, he was concentrating.
The man rushed over as John pulled on his jumper and Sherlock grabbed his jacket. He didn't put it on. "How was it Sherlock, are you leaving so soon? No more wine for you? We have profiteroles tonight, extra special."
Baker Street was quiet when he finally reached it. A street lamp was out and the remaining lights left an enclosing dark shadow across a large portion of the road, including 221B. John waited at the foot of the steps for some time, unable to make that final move to either the relief or the devastation of what he must do.
Sherlock picked up a card and waved it enticingly in John's face. "My offer still stands," he sing-songed, and John narrowed his eyes at him. "Get Out Of Jail card for Mayfair."
"John, John, please. I think you'll agree that a man knows his own brother better than most. More so, certainly, than someone who has never taken a personal interest in his own sibling. Why should I believe you have the best of intentions for mine?"
I have taken some of Lestrade's speech directly from TSOT in this chapter, because I couldn't resist. Not trying to pretend his words are my own of course!!
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen when John got back. No coat on the hook, empty tea mug in the sink - John knew it was now or never. He took his package out of the bag, admired the wrapping for a moment and then about-turned and strode up to Sherlock's bedroom door. The fact that it was closed was a worry for a split second, but it was such a fleeting thought that it had passed before his hand turned the doorknob and the door swung inwards.
"Yes, yes, if you didn't creep around so much I'd have had a better idea of when you were awake, but there it is."
"John?" he cried out when he heard the door downstairs. He was in the hall and at the top step when John appeared below him.
He was cleaning his teeth one evening and looked up to the sound of gentle breathing, and Sherlock was right there behind him, watching him in the mirror. John's stomach began tumbling just from the proximity. He couldn't make it to bed these days without some sort of nervous fluttering. Without a quick drink before bed he was definitely more jumpy about the prospect of anything more physical happening.
Once again his friend had unwittingly diverted his mood with his quirkiness, and John would be forever grateful to him for always managing to do that.
John gasped a little and covered it with his hand, clearing his throat before he answered quickly, "Yes, yeah, we should do that."
Life had just become an insane mix of pleasure and confusion and John didn't give a damn as long as he made Sherlock come. He was making a sloppy job of it but it meant he could wrap his hand around the shaft when he came up the length with his mouth. Sherlock groaned every time and grabbed harder at John's hair and wrist, while John slid his lips over sleek skin and gave a twist of his palm at each upward stroke.
Gradually, it became a more subtle thing, a gentle brushing of lips and John hummed stilling his hand for a moment. "Sherlock," he mumbled, trying to extricate himself from his lips when he really didn't want to. "What shall we do about this," he asked, words muffled by their closeness. He pressed his palm against Sherlock's cock, then in another moment of boldness, he grabbed Sherlock's hand and pressed it to his own cock, adding, "and this?"
John gaped at him for a moment and then slowly put his full fork into his mouth. He barely tasted it; he couldn't think beyond what Sherlock was saying. "So, those jars over there, that's not part of the investigation..?"
Well, he could prove to John that he was able to perform in a normal situation and buy him dinner. He considered calling Angelo again to tell him that things had changed and that he and John were together, as a couple. But the wording was tricky. He had no idea what John would want him to say. Probably nothing. So he left it.
John moved, strode quickly across the room and took Sherlock by the shoulders. "We've been through this, haven't we?" he said softly. "You are, and have always been, exactly what I want. Why will no one trust that?" he thought aloud.
John felt as if they were a step further towards something important, but he still wasn't sure what exactly. It was going to have to come from Sherlock now, there was nothing more John could add.
"Exactly. The past is just that. But I would never want a memory to regret, with you," he added a little shakily. "When I consider it, it makes me concerned that we would end up just like all those others in your past."
"D'you think we're drinking too much?" John slurred, as they stumbled along Blandford Street, too far from home in this cold, even though, actually, if he'd been sober they could have made the walk back within a few minutes. This was going to take forever, but Sherlock was always wanting to walk these days. John thought that probably he'd realised John wasn't as fit as he had been and wanted to get him exercising. The alcohol probably wasn't helping any weight loss.
John shifted a little, trying to wedge himself closer to Sherlock, but Sherlock seemed to lose patience and grabbed him, pulling him on top until John was straddling him, thighs pressed to each of his. Sherlock buried his face in John's neck, as John wrapped him up and tried to avoid thinking about how damned turned on he was at being manhandled.
. He was impatient to see how much he could learn about John tonight and about what they might do once they were back home, naked and in his bed.
"You never have to worry about that. It's all in your hands. And I'm fine with that," John added, sincerely.
"Sherlock," he said as they got moving again, Sherlock leading them to the door. "Do you think you'd like to-" his question was muffled by Sherlock's lips as he dragged him close again and pushed the door open with one hand. They burst into the room in each other's arms and Sherlock released him for just a second which allowed John to add a gasping "...fuck me?" just as he saw from the corner of his eye that they weren't alone.
Even in this situation Sherlock couldn't be serious for more than a moment. "I could hardly get in a word between the constant flow of girlfriends," he murmured.
Sherlock laughed again and John wanted to hear that all the time. He just had to try to avoid the sound making his heart twist so painfully. He picked up his own drink and waited for Sherlock to make his move.
He had to be honest with himself now, as well as Sherlock. He knew he liked women; well some of them. Not The Woman certainly. He had never considered a man attractive, not once looked at a man and felt drawn to him in any way other than friendship, comradeship. But then Sherlock arrived in his life and since that day, John felt that he had no real care for another living soul. He dabbled in relationships mainly due to boredom, frustration, desperately trying to avoid acknowledging his real feelings for his friend.
"You, uh- you're serious?" Sherlock nodded. "You want me to do this?" John asked again. Quite expecting for Sherlock to tell him to stop, John squeezed again before moving his hand very slowly along his leg.
He wondered how he would broach the subject of doing anything more than this - not that he needed more than this, Sherlock's lips against his, his hands grasping at John's arms, easing him closer until their chests touched again, and John could feel Sherlock's racing heart, as frantic as John's own. He couldn't keep calm, couldn't keep still and he deepened the kiss again, gently wrestling control back until it was Sherlock who had to pull away.
the other week. John wasn't sure why he suddenly cared so much. He left a few minutes later with a brief, "Call if you need anything," to which Sherlock humphed but didn't look up.
He frowned. "Thank you," he said slowly. "Would you mind?" he added, motioning to the door and Lestrade sidestepped with an apology, allowing Sherlock to leave.
was at the time. But this time, no, he didn't feel better. As he shoved the covers off his too warm body and rubbed his eyes in the brightness of the room, the only thought he found himself considering was whether he had enough time for a wank before Sherlock started moving around downstairs and distracting him, quickly followed by whether Sherlock had in fact got himself off the night before, while John lay in bed in a state of suppressed arousal.
"Of course," John agreed, and he looked over the food, wondering where to start as Sherlock sat opposite and picked up his drink. Was it bedtime yet?
He still hadn't made eye contact, and as he stood up Sherlock's hand shot out and John met his eyes as Sherlock grasped his wrist. "Thank you," he said, easing back into his shirt.
He never knew how people did it though, became a parent. How did they even go about making that decision? Even when he was in his dating women phase (which is how he now chose to think of his life, prior to accepting that he loved his best friend and no other) he had never for a moment been able to truly consider having a child with any of them. Which was another reason for so many break-ups, he supposed.
It was all new to them both, despite John's experience he had nothing to compare this to, and he was glad of it. He wanted to explore everything but he would be guided by Sherlock, always - if Sherlock wanted the kiss to deepen, John would do it. If he slowed it down, John went slow. Hands wandered and he took note of each sigh, each inhale, every jerk and twitch of muscle - trying to tune himself fully into what Sherlock was feeling.
"I was thinking about the day we met," he started softly. "About what I asked you then, at Angelos,"
Sherlock shook his head, smiling widely and John's heart rate increased until it was almost painful.
Sherlock shuffled over and kissed him, wrapping around him and caressing John's cheek. "I think we may have missed dinner."
"Only, there's a new shirt on my bed," he said, gesturing behind him, "and this morning there was a brand new pair of shoes sitting by my bedroom door."
John watched with interest as Sherlock's lithe body stretched out beside him. "Hmm," he murmured. "Fire's gone out." They were slouched comfortably together, feet touching ever-so-slightly on the coffee table in front of them. "Should get some more blankets in here," he thought aloud.
He paced away, risking a quick look back - Sherlock hadn't moved, he was staring at John and was still, apart from one knee bouncing up and down and making his coat shiver across his lap. "I don't expect anything from you. I needed you to know, because if we need to end this-" John swallowed hard, the very thought tearing him apart.
John side-eyed Sherlock, who had picked up his orange juice and was sipping genteelly. "Mmm," John murmured, reaching quickly for his pint.
John was quick to reply. "Of course, absolutely, and I'm not saying we should start with that, we'll build up to it..."
Sherlock shifted and rolled towards John. The dressing gown slipped and John tried to look away but all he could see was pale skin, a lean, muscled stomach and the hugely distracting flash of blue cotton.
Sherlock watched him as he considered. "Only if you think it will help. Mycroft and I, we've had our differences of course, but he's always been there to pull me out... when I needed him."
"I enjoyed it thoroughly," Sherlock said grandiosely, and he looked down to John's hand as John looked at him.
Finally John pulled back and looked into Sherlock's flushed face. "Oh my God, Sherlock," John gasped out.
Sherlock had his back to John, closing his wardrobe door. He was wearing pyjama trousers, and nothing else. John couldn't breathe as he took in the sleekly muscled expanse of his friend's back - what happened to being cold? And then Sherlock turned around.
Sherlock had realised that John deserved more than he had been giving him so far. He needed to attempt a certain new level of social interaction. With John. Out in John's world with him. Maybe that way they could become more of a normal couple and John would want to stay with him. Because despite the wonderful amounts of sex they had been having, Sherlock realised that there was more to life.
John put down his fork. "They're not though are they," he said, leaning closer to Sherlock over the table. "they're not just jeans. They make your bum look almost as enticing as it is naked, they make you walk differently, you stand around even more often with a hand on your hip when you've got them on - they do things to you Sherlock." He cleared his throat. "To both of us. Have you finished that?" he added as he took another long sip of his wine, clearly waiting for him.
A chill runs through John’s body at the sound of his name on the man’s lips. “Who are you?” he asks. “And how do you know my name?”
Left-hand dominant, Sherlock observes as he takes it—hands soft but for the calluses on his thumbs. On the inner edge, from hours of writing by hand; on the outer edge, from years of flipping through old texts. A scholar through and through, yet not. He enunciates his words with the preciseness of a skilled orator, but his mannerisms are largely unpretentious.
“Not long. Thirty minutes, maximum. Any longer than that, and Mycroft will notice the cameras have been shut off, and he’ll lose his shit.”
John wonders if he should offer her comfort; but he isn’t sure how welcome it would be. She has, as far as he knows, spent the past few weeks hating him. And while she was technically “Marci” then, the lines remain somewhat blurred.
The morning sun comes too soon, as it always does. Sherlock awakens in a foggy haze. Their bedroom door has been propped open; the smells of sex and sweat and brewing coffee hover in the air.
Brook glances down at the relic. “Oh. Yes, thank you. It belonged to my grandmother Joan, a devout Catholic. She’s the one who raised me.”
He probably would have broken his beautiful neck if John weren’t there. John, with the reflexes of a soldier and tiny, remarkably strong arms. John, who quickly moves to catch him, spinning his flailing body towards himself for balance. John, whose hands settle protectively onto his hips. John, who doesn’t back away, even when Sherlock expects him to.
John lifts a hand, pushing back a wisp of hair from Sherlock's forehead. "Then you're an idiot," he says fondly.
Sherlock doesn’t understand the appeal, of course. But John seems into it, so whatever. Meanwhile, Sherlock creates his own little subgame: lie detection.
And then, John smiles at him again. And the moon still reflects off his hair. And his stubble is still irresistible. And his shirt is still form-fitting and soft.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” John teases. “My mouth will go nowhere near yours until we have a thorough discussion.”
The sun is high, now, and the air is warm, and the ground is firm beneath their feet. Side-by-side, they run as fast as their legs will take them.
As Sherlock watches him walk briskly ahead, he's overcome with sheer panic. What on earth is he running from?
,” Sherlock says sharply, and he coughs so dramatically that John stops mid-sentence. “Do you remember that—
“Perfect.” John tangles his hands through the hair at each side of William's head, gripping tightly. “Would you like a taste?"
“Around May, the doctors told us it looked rather grim. The only option was to try out some more experimental procedures.”
“You’re not.” John wraps his fingers around William’s thin wrist, turning it to read his watch. “You have to continue serving drinks for at least fifteen more minutes.”
"Yeah. I'm alright." He's slightly in a haze as he stares at the open book on the floor. "I think I may have learned something about William."
John grips firmly to Sherlock's hips to guide his body forwards and backwards; Sherlock quickly settles in to the motion, and they work in unison to slide their lengths together.
There is no question about it. John is in love with Sherlock. Nothing else could possibly turn him into this paralysed, babbling mess. Short of acute psychosis, anyway. Sherlock would likely argue that love
And Sherlock—his Sherlock—stands behind the bar, looking down at his phone and glowing with excitement. “Beacon Hill. Potential murder. We’ll be back in an hour, tops.” He looks up, gently bites his bottom lip, and leans over the bar to whisper seductively in John’s ear. “You in?”
William laughs. “I always assumed our sex would be utterly mind-blowing, John, but I wasn’t expecting temporary amnesia.” He pulls the sheet back. "I suppose I understand." As his gaze settles on one of the portraits, he appears overcome with disdain. “I’ve deleted Buckingham Palace from my brain a few times as well.”
As a student Sherlock is eager and dedicated. He arrives early most days for kissing practice with John; often, he stays late as well.
Sherlock pauses, his sandwich halfway to his mouth. He sets it back down, crinkling his forehead with confusion. “Why would I do that?”
“Why?!” John screams at Mary, although he doesn’t recognise his own voice. “Why would you hurt him, when you’ve sworn to protect him? He trusted you!”
With one long push, Sherlock buries himself into him, picks up speed, pounds into him as John continues to come and come, arsehole pulsating as liquid pours from his body in long, fierce waves.
John kisses his right shoulder. Sherlock hears the sound of the cap opening, and the liquid pouring onto his fingers.
John finally cracks an authentic smile. "For someone with no relationship experience, you're incredibly insightful."
Sherlock presses his mouth to his, slowly and sweetly. “Ten minutes ago, I thought I would never kiss you again, and here you are. These are happy tears.”
Soon, their drinks are mixed and their glasses are filled. Both have been made with meticulous care, taking into account factors like weight and height and what they've eaten today—to achieve the most satisfactory blood alcohol levels.
is unusual. Nothing he’s felt before—especially not with John. But the way his heart beats, fast and irregular, the way John holds him, the hot exhalations on his skin—it’s quite exciting, and he finds himself wanting to give in.
"Once you eliminate the impossible," he reads, "whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth." He sets the book back down. "William—Sherlock wrote that."
Once the two of them are eventually dressed, John pulls himself into his bed, and Sherlock wedges in next to him. Since John's leg cast was removed a few days ago, they've been able to make it work—a tight fit with Sherlock's long, lanky legs—but he doesn’t seem to mind. No doubt it's a thousand times more comfortable than whatever hell he's been putting his spine through the past few weeks, sleeping somewhere in between a hospital chair and John bed.
