Anna cried harder, embarrassed but unable to stop. “Please don’t die,” she said, not looking at him.
Sherlock turned and dialed Mycroft again—still with no answer. “Confound him!” he shouted at the phone. “I am going to kill him! I am going to squeeze the life out of him with my bare hands!” He looked back at Molly. “Have you any possible idea where she’s gone?”
“Mycroft did,” Sherlock interrupted, breathlessly. His eyes were suddenly bright, moving back and forth rapidly—in time to the speed of his neurons firing, John was sure.
Sherlock puffed himself up. “I’m in the middle of several time-sensitive experiments; I simply can’t abandon them for seven days.”
death,” he said. “Anyway, the service is on Saturday. I’m told they are expecting quite a few people to attend.”
John started to cry. “I should have known you would do this to me. In all the years I’ve known you, you’ve never given a
“Over th-there,” Sherlock said, and his voice was strained and exhausted. He blinked slowly and took a shaky breath. “Left. Y-your left.” He wheezed and rallied another breath. “It’s thicker.”
“I’m a bloody doctor, Sherlock. I know everything there is to know about the human body.” He began to move his hand over Sherlock’s cock. “I know about every pleasure center, every sensitive spot. And I know exactly where to find them.” And with that, John gently took one of Sherlock’s balls in his mouth.
I’d been so wrapped up in my own response to John’s kiss that I hadn’t thought about why he’d kissed me in the first place. I felt utterly stupid. But really, who could blame me? It wasn’t really my fault. I’d just had a bloody sexual awakening (and now—cringe—an
There are no flames, just the feeling. The hot, itching, blistering; the dissolution of skin, sloughing off in sheets of burnt, black carbon. My physical body peeling away layer by layer. I feel these things but I don’t see them, which makes them all the more frightening. As I open my mouth to release the heat within, I exhale a scream. And just when I cannot possibly take any more, I awaken.
John came, suddenly, and Sherlock was distracted from his train of thought by the feeling of semen hitting the back of his throat. He swallowed a few times, trying not to taste it (he’d been prepared, had tasted his own the night before as an experiment), then crawled up on the bed next to John and stared at him. John’s chest was heaving and his eyes were still closed in ecstasy. God, he was gorgeous like this, reduced to a state of complete exhaustion from physical pleasure—and all due to Sherlock’s prowess.
Sherlock continued to stare at the Major, trying to deduce what he meant. His “advice” was clearly spoken from regret, from deep personal sadness, too deep for friendship… Sherlock’s forehead grew smooth again as he understood. He looked at the floor, a bit embarrassed for Major Sholto, that he thought… and for himself, that he’d given off
. He knelt down again and slid his hands up Sherlock’s inner thighs, planting kisses and licks along them after. Sherlock would have closed his eyes to further enjoy the sensations if he wasn’t so fascinated with John’s technique.
Sherlock sighed. He wasn’t sure why he was about to give in; he supposed Anna was just very persuasive. And,
Mary stared at him for a moment, then sighed and shook her head. “A bit less enthusiastic next time, darling, hm?”
John was acting like he hadn’t even thought about them. In truth, I hadn’t thought about them until just then—but he must have. He was “Dutiful” John Watson, to use the epithet I’d bestowed on him earlier that day. It wouldn’t be like him to forget them. Not in this moment, especially.
“Guilt?” I asked, incredulous. “You had a baby with him, for guilt?” I couldn’t believe it. I may not have been the most well-versed in successful relationships, but even I knew that was a recipe for disaster.
After John had left, I’d made a plan for the next day. I would sit down with him, like a normal human being, and have a discussion about what we were supposed to do now. I’d never had a relationship before, and I wasn’t sure I would be good at it. I wasn’t even sure what it would look like, if it could work, in the conventional way that relationships worked. But we needed to talk about it. We needed to, or otherwise things would just go unsaid, and fester, the way they had previously. When John had supposedly loved me. For years.
I snorted, to prove I wasn't flustered by his (rare) correct observation. “Are you a psychologist, in addition to a surgeon? When did this happen?”
“With women,” Sherlock grunted, trying to sound indifferent to what was happening below his waist. His body had begun to tremble, though, from excitement.
“John,” said Ella, “Sherlock has a very difficult time sharing his feelings. And he had so, so many, that he didn’t know how else to express them. To the detriment of his own pride and image, he needed you to know.”
what she’s saying.” And before John could blink, Sherlock had flopped down on the carpet and was resting his chin on his palms, staring directly into Anna’s eyes. She blinked at him, a little surprised at his face suddenly in front of hers, but then began to talk again.
Mycroft, Sherlock, and Molly were all three white-faced and speechless. Mrs. Hudson was red-faced from the climb up the stairs, but speechless all the same.
John pulled and Sherlock stood, swaying forward and John caught him before he could slip. He slid his arm behind Sherlock’s back so that Sherlock could lean on him while he climbed out. John grabbed a towel for him and draped it around his shoulders. “I’m going to get you some clothes,” he said and took the last towel for himself and went straight to his room. As he moved he looked down and saw he was still wearing his jeans and they were wet and stiff. He took them off before digging through his clothes and coming up with some extra trousers and jumpers and pants and socks. He brought them back into the bathroom where Sherlock was feebly drying himself and he set them in the corner of the room where they would not get wet from the water that had sloshed out of the tub. He bent down and took the towel from Sherlock and dried him off the rest of the way and rubbed the towel through his hair to absorb most of the water. Then he helped him out of his pants and helped him dress in the new dry clothes.
“Now, I’d hate to add insult to injury,” Moriarty cooed from the deck, standing up and straightening his jacket, “but… Oh, who are we kidding, of course I would!” He giggled and looked over at Mary, then turned back to the window. His expression suddenly became very solemn. “John, you know how they say that when you die, the last thing you’ll see will be your children’s faces? Well, I’m dreadfully sorry to have to tell you, but in your case, you’ll have nothing to see at all.”
Mary? She hadn’t been in the warehouse, and there had been no mention of her whatsoever. Perhaps Mary didn’t send that dead girl to the morgue after all….
checking him out), it was definitely clear in the way he propositioned him at Angelo’s, not late after. “It’s all fine,” he’d said.
“So tell her,” Sherlock said, and edge to his voice. He cleared his throat to beat it down. “The truth.”
It was after that when John looked out the window and saw the snow falling thickly in large flakes. He watched it for a while as Sherlock fell asleep again. It was the first time that he’d actually enjoyed seeing it come down. He had someone to keep him warm while it did.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispered, speeding up his hand. He could feel John’s fingers gripping the back of his shirt—they hadn’t quite been able to wait until they were completely naked, but they didn’t have to be, not right now, not for this.
this conversation. Mrs. Hudson is fumigating, I need somewhere to live for a week. Do keep up!” He went back to sorting through his experiments.
“The bruises are symmetrical,” Anderson said suddenly. All our faced turned to his. He was staring down at the body, and went over to it, pointing. “Look. Here, and here, on his neck. Three finger-shaped bruises, on either side.”
“Oh yes, I’m fine,” Molly replied breathlessly, with a smile. She touched her hair to make sure it was still in place. “How are you, Anna?”
“Damn your enigmatic responses, Mycroft! Where the hell is she!?” Sherlock moved forward and grabbed the front of Mycroft’s shirt.
” Sherlock bellowed, finding his voice. The boy leapt off the bed like he’d had an electric shock, backing into Anna’s dresser so forcefully that he knocked over the pictures of her and John sitting on top. Anna grabbed the nearest blanket and clutched it to her chest, as she was only wearing a bra.
. He heard Anna bustling about with the tea and smiled warmly in her direction; seeing her back in the flat made him happier than he could have imagined.
“Indeed he will.” Sherlock was immediately embarrassed by how he’d said that—he hadn’t meant it to sound so dejected. He hoped the Major hadn’t noticed. But then, again, he felt a certain kinship with Major Sholto, what with his being John’s ex-best friend and all. Sherlock thought of the Major as a glimpse of what he would be in the future, after John slowly pulled back his time and effort until Sherlock joined the ranks of his other ex-best friends. As he studied Major Sholto, the thought put knots in his stomach. It was not a happy future, to be sure.
“Oh, now, don’t lie,” she scolded him. “I know I look a fright, but I don’t care that much. Actually, I don’t care at all.” She gazed fondly at the baby, who stared back up at her as she gulped her dinner from the bottle. “
Anna turned to the vault doors. They were very modern-looking, with a key-card swipe and thumbprint screen. There were no vents into the vault, at least from the room she was in.
But the girl never feels guilty, she just begs me to tell her about them, about the experience of flying, about the places I explore. So I do, of course. Most of the time she’s in them, and so is John, and the three of us have some pretty absurd adventures. If I’m working on a case at the time, the facts usually show up in one way or another. I’ve actually solved a few of them that way—I’ll be in the middle of retelling a dream, and have an epiphany, and race down the stairs to tell John with Anna at my heels. John gets annoyingly curious about how I arrived at the conclusion, but I’m good at evading his probes. The sappy, fond look that he’d have on his face if he’d ever found out the truth would probably make me sick up right then and there.
John felt around his whole body, all of the bruises, examined the cuts on his wrists and back, cleaned them with antiseptic. He looked at the head-wound, did a few cognitive tests. With each additional injury he treated, he felt an additional surge of rage.
John woke up to a thin line of bright sunlight streaming in through the blinds and onto his face. He was laying on his side, facing the window—not his usual position, for that very reason. “Ugh,” he groaned, rolling onto his back. His head swam, throbbing in pain. He tried thinking back to the night before… he remembered Sherlock left, and he’d steadily drunk himself into oblivion... John crunched his eyes together. What happened after that? Flashes of memory came back: the hallway outside the bathroom, the bottom of the washtub, Sherlock’s drenched shirt and hair. John opened his eyes, confused. What
chooses.” Harry glanced back down at Anna, and Anna, right on cue, burst into tears and hid herself again. Satisfaction blossomed in Sherlock’s chest. “I believe that settles it. Goodbye, Harriet.”
“So…” Mycroft sat up and reached over to grab the book he was reading, “if you decided to make an appearance, you most likely could do so without being… ah…
Anna quickly found what she was looking for on the wall next to the front desk; a grated entrance to the ventilation ducts, at floor level. When Anna was younger, she always used to peer inside the grates, thinking that they were secret tunnels.
It seemed like I came forever, the longest orgasm of all time, probably. It was probably unhealthy, how much I came. I came until I couldn’t even hold myself up anymore, and collapsed on top of him, my cock going soft inside him. I could feel his heart beating like a hummingbird’s, hard and fast through his chest. And then he rutted against my stomach, and I realized, he still hadn’t got off.
“You used the whole clip, love,” Mary said, walking around to pick up the fallen guards’ weapons. “That can happen when you’re scared. Or when you want to be
John felt his own eyes begin to sting with tears. He knew what it was, to have a nightmare like that. He knew what it meant. It meant subconscious pain, fear, a haunting of traumatic events—it meant PTSD, sleep-aids, therapy. It had been nearly a month, with no worrisome signs, and John had marveled that they’d managed to avoid any of it.
Mary aimed and shot her gun up at the ceiling, and Anna and John both winced at the sound as concrete dust settled over them. “I don’t have time for this game, Sherlock. Moriarty’s network numbers much greater than the corpses on the floor, you know. Reinforcements will be here soon, and I don’t think any of us want to be here when that happens. So tell me where you’ve got the bloody key.”
Anna was only seven years old, but she was highly perceptive. He had no doubt that she would understand what he’d said, and that it would result in her going to the cemetery with him— because what Anna
I felt the beginnings of an erection, and stood quickly, wrapping my coat around me. “Were the other victims strangled as well?” I asked to distract myself. John was smirking more than ever, still squatting next to the body.
of stories, and his eyes had been bright, and Anna had never felt more simultaneously devastated and ecstatic. He hadn’t experienced any of those stories firsthand but he was here, alive, now.
, inside her… but if she killed herself, we can’t get him for murder. We can try to make a rape case based on the injuries she sustained, but a good legal team might be able to prove it was consensual.”
as she rested her head back on the surface of the table. He licked her again, this time sucking a bit at the end, and she raised her hips off the table to keep herself in his mouth. Sherlock brought a finger up to tease her slick opening and continued to use his tongue, over and over, sliding the finger between her lips, around the outer edge of her snatch, and then, when she was quivering under him, he slipped the finger inside of her.
I remember being thirteen, as every other previously-adolescent human remembers, and thinking about sex as the purest form of ecstasy. All good feelings, good sounds, good smells—nothing bad about it whatsoever. But I’d only thought it was that way because I’d only ever masturbated, and that’s all masturbation was, just pure pleasure with no strings attached.
As Anna stood pointing the gun, she realized that in all those years, Mycroft was not teaching her how to win at chess; he was teaching her about life. He was teaching her that there was something greater than the important players in her world, than the people that she loved. There was the game.
When I knew he was done, I turned him over, gently, so that he was lying on his side. He was still shivering, and he reached out to grab onto my shirt. “Kiss me,” he said, and I did, messily. I used my tongue, nuzzled his nose. His breathing was still uneven, as if he was crying, but his eyes stayed dry.
. My daughter is a teenager. My old room upstairs, that’s her room. You raised her. And now you are in a relationship with Molly Hooper... a
Moriarty was watching her carefully. “They’re Mycroft’s spies…. Did you know that? You thought they were your friends… and you don’t have many friends, do you Anna? But they were Mycroft’s spies all along. He sent them to befriend you, and watch you.”
Sherlock stomped over to the toilet and flipped the lid closed, then sat down heavily. He leaned over with his elbows on his knees, interlacing his fingers in front of his face in a gesture of contemplation. “He’s got Anna. I have to,” he said, his voice imbued with anger. “Or I have to figure out how to get Mary to do it for us. She can’t take him out herself because she needs the network to trust her, but she only needs the network to complete whatever quest she’s set out to do… What does she want?” Sherlock tapped his fingertips together. “We have to figure out what Mary wants, it’s the key to everything. It has to have something to do with why she joined forces with Moriarty in the first place. She began as an assassin for some foreign government… why did she go rogue? What could have possibly caused her to throw away her whole life—“
Sherlock swallowed. “I believe we’ve got a good angle on it. Should be wrapping up soon.” He couldn’t bear to say anything else to her.
“You know what?” Mary’s voice was bitter through her tears. “I don’t want you to come home tonight. I don’t want you in my house, around my daughter, knowing that you are capable of torturing another human being.”
The actual kiss had been awkward and had absolutely no arousing effect on Sherlock. He didn’t feel anything in the moment save for surprise and slight disgust (at the vomit-taste). But the first dream he’d had that night had been inspired by the kiss, had twisted it into something that was
—“ He took a deep breath and stared at his plate, and Sherlock could tell he was resisting the urge to throw the whole thing at his face. “What do you want from me? You want me to sit and tell you the whole story, all thirteen years, from beginning to end? How I was—“ He stopped again, and took a few more deep breaths to quiet himself. “Or do you just want to hate me for a little while? I remember... I was angry, too, when I learned you’d faked your death. But you have no reason to be angry with me—
“It’s perfectly fine,” Sherlock retorted. “I’ve read up on it.” That was a lie, he’d done no such thing, but he wasn’t going to admit that John knew something he didn’t.
John’s breath caught as he took in the sight. It wasn’t just that he was banged up; yes, his lip was split and puffy and his entire left cheekbone was rubbed raw; yes, there was a stain of blood down the side of his neck and over the front of his shirt; yes, his complexion was sickly pale and the skin under his eyes impossibly dark; but the expression he wore, the way he looked at John with utter terror and exhaustion mixed, the way his shoulders stooped and his hands began to clench together, his long fingers wrapping around one another, squeezing—
There was a rushing in John’s ears that had nothing to do with the storm. He looked around behind him. He could see his own tracks in the snow, deep scars on a smooth surface. He turned back again to the way Sherlock had gone. Unblemished whiteness covered the ground.
“Don’t worry,” Anna interrupted, her expression still friendly. “It was a long time ago. Made me more curious, than anything.”
“Sherlock!” John had banged on the door for several minutes. “This is just as uncomfortable for me as it is for you! But we can’t act like it never happened.” No response, of course. John had a wild thought, suddenly, of Sherlock in his room, slitting his wrists or somehow otherwise trying to off himself. He pushed the thought away, how ridiculous, the situation wasn’t
through text message.” He made his voice excruciatingly high-pitched: “’How are you, Sherlock?’ ‘Fine. You?’ ‘Still an insufferable prat.’”
To Anna’s great luck, Sherlock had to work late that night. She had two whole hours before he came home, and from the moment he texted her to let her know, she had decided to make good use of that time listening to music. “Going to the void,” Sherlock called it; once she got sucked in to an album, she checked out of the real world and entered some private dimension inside her own head. She became completely internal, unreachable—which Sherlock, though he could understand it (maybe more than anyone else could), hated with a passion, because it meant she wouldn’t respond to him. “Don’t bother, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock would growl with displeasure from over his laptop, if, during such times, the landlady yelled to her up the stairs with some question or another. “She’s gone to the void.”
Molly looked up, her interest piqued. Sherlock must be in a good mood today—he never normally offered up stories about his past.
Ella turned back to Sherlock. “Do you agree with those deductions?” she asked, a smile coming back to her lips.
Anna groaned internally as she watched Mycroft Holmes slink through the front door without waiting for permission to enter. “Good afternoon, Annalise,” he greeted. His puckered face noted his irritation at her backpack lying in the middle of the floor, directly in his path. “Eager to shed the memory of the school day, were we?” he commented, snidely.
In an instant, Anna felt two muscular arms grab her from behind in a strong, incapacitating hold. She was so surprised that she shrieked and tried to squirm away, which caused the arms to hold her tighter. She looked wildly at Mycroft, blood pounding in her ears.
John swallowed, suddenly nervous. It was one thing to dream about it, and he had, plenty of times, but it was quite another to actually do it. “Okay,” he replied, tentatively. He spat in his hand again, and wet his prick, and held his breath as he gently pushed in.
John peeled himself up onto his forearms and Sherlock shifted a hand from John’s back down to his own groin. As much as John wanted to watch him bring himself off he wanted to do it for him this first time. John rolled to the side off of Sherlock and pushed Sherlock’s hand away and Sherlock whimpered again. “Let me,” said John and unbuttoned Sherlock’s trousers and undid the zip and reached under his pants to wrap his hand around Sherlock’s cock. It was so hard and John didn’t have to do much except for slide up and down and then Sherlock was coming, arching up into John’s hand and coming.
Molly’s lips trembled through her tears. “He told her that Moriarty was her father, and that he was back in London, and that the only way to destroy him was from the inside. With Anna as a… a spy. She said she wanted the revenge, for you and for John…. God, Mycroft must be putting her into the field already!” She let a sob escape her lips.
Anna turned around and was about to argue the point, but in her haste took her feet off the pedals. The car jolted forward and died, and Sherlock was thrown up against John’s seat. He landed in the crevice between the front and back of the vehicle, legs and arms tangled and sticking out every which way.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked when he was done. He rose from the chair. “I was about to make some for myself.”
“Molly…” Sherlock began again, not sure what he was going to say. He followed her into the room, where she was putting on her trousers, and decided an apology was still his best bet. “Molly, I’m sorry. I didn’t… I forgot…”
John looked at him, the memories of the night before coming back again. He shook his head. “It’s not fine. What happened last night… that was not okay. I was out of control. And I’m sorry.”
, he thought later, as he sat sobbing with his back to the bathtub and the tap on full-blast (trying to drown out the sounds of his lamenting and avoid Mrs. Hudson coming up to investigate).
Sherlock’s brain snapped back to the present as he heard his bedroom door open and saw John limp out of the shadows. He sat up as John stopped at the edge of the kitchen and stared out into the dim light of the sitting room. “John? What is it?”
Sherlock scowled and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “And what about Lestrade’s sake?” he retorted. “What about
John fought to control the emotion roiling inside of him. He needed to be patient, but it was becoming increasingly difficult...
Sherlock stared blearily into the space in front of him… John’s old chair. “I couldn’t find them,” he said.
“I’m not going to justify my going ‘rogue,’ to you or to anyone. Suffice to say the British government did something… unforgivably awful, and I couldn’t let them get away with it. Teaming up with Moriarty happened sort of by chance; I didn’t seek him out, nor him me. We simply found each other because we had a common goal.” Mary’s expression darkened. “I say ‘had’ a common goal, because apparently we don’t have it anymore.”
“She told me there was a man following her on the way to her interview. On a bicycle, too. She said he was hanging out on the corner of the street where the family lived, and he stared at her as she went by and then followed her all the way to the house. He passed her after she stopped, but she said it was very odd… very
Did he really want to do this? To consciously think about John in this way? Caring about him was bad enough, but to add sexual desire on top of it…. Would it change anything? Would it ruin anything? Maybe caring and love and sex all went hand-in-hand. Sherlock didn’t know for sure, he was not experienced enough in such matters to know.
When Anna was younger, she’d had these wild fantasies about Sherlock and Molly getting married. She’d even attempted, on a few occasions, to set them up. Once, when she knew Molly was coming over for dinner, she’d lit some candles on the table and when Molly arrived made an excuse to leave: Mrs. Hudson needed her to read something to her, she was blind as a bat! Of course Sherlock, as obtuse as ever, yelled down the stairs for Mrs. Hudson; and when Mrs. Hudson tottered up to the second floor and had no idea of any plans for Anna to visit her that evening and said her eyes were perfectly fine (as long as she had her spectacles), Anna was sent to her room for lying. She was nine, at the time.
Sherlock’s breath caught. Violet’s left eye was bruised and swollen, and there was dried blood under her nose. There were claw marks on her chest, around her breasts, and large hand-shaped bruises on her arms and hips that he hadn’t noticed before. Some of the bruises were much older than the others.
Suddenly, the fire alarm blared out an eardrum-hemorrhaging shriek, making Lestrade and Carruthers both cringe. Lestrade pressed a finger to the microphone. “You sit tight; I’ll come round to extract you in a moment.”
Anna smiled back at him, then silently packed up her fiddle and went upstairs to do as she was told.
“Key?” John murmured to himself. “How the hell did he finally manage a key?” He shook his head as he turned off the shower, grabbed his clothes, and followed after.
Sherlock could feel Carruthers’ shoe resting next to his own. He lifted his leg and brought it down with as much force as he could muster, grinding his heel into the top of Carruthers’ foot. Carruthers yelped and retaliated by punching him in the back of the head, right where Teresa had hit him before.
“Mr. Carruthers,” Sherlock said, coolly, and Carruthers’ eyes shot up to his face. “Does your wife know that you’re gay?”
John nodded in shame. “I know,” he said, pathetically. “But you’re here, now, and I thought… Christ, Sherlock, there’s never been a good time. I’ve wanted to say this stuff for years, but there was never a good time.”
Sherlock looked up, into John’s eyes, and John thought he saw something open up inside of them. “Of course I feel something,” Sherlock confessed, softly. “Ofcourse I do.”
And that was it. Something about her sweet, innocent mouth uttering such a filthy word unraveled something inside him. Sherlock suddenly needed her, needed to feel her tight, wet cunt enveloping his cock, needed that warmth of their bodies together, needed it
John took a deep breath and looked around behind him, at the door, knowing that he had to find a way to will his body to turn and match his head, to put one foot in front of the other and go home.
A bright light hit the prisoner’s face, making his eyes squint and water. He put up a hand to shield them from the glare.
Sherlock sat across from him and leaned forward, his eyes bright. “Do you remember how we decided that Mary’s endgame must be personal?”
John looked toward the sound and there was Sherlock, awake and dressed in his original clothes. The green down coat and the sturdy snow boots. John could just make out the ends of his dark curls poking out from the stocking cap. He was standing about the same spot where John had first noticed him when he was chopping wood, and his mouth was turned up on one side in a smile. The snow started to fall.
Sherlock sat in the café across the street, just next to the window, peering out into the bright, sunny day. It was late spring, that time of year when there were a wide range of outfits being worn by weather-confused Londoners. Some still had on long overcoats and hats, some wore light windbreakers. And then there was the occasional woman who was
The therapy session had been pretty brutal, but also a relief; Ella had been able to put into words what Sherlock couldn’t, and that had felt like a gigantic weight off his shoulders. John knew, now. He understood, now.
First of all, that song was made for sex. John had never quite understood the lyrics but as Sherlock played and he sang along in his head, they were hot, somehow. And the riffs were slow and hot too, and then the solo,
Mycroft ignored him and took another biscuit off the tray. He popped the whole thing in his mouth and closed his eyes in ecstasy. “Ah, delicious,” he said, but it was barely intelligible through his mouthful of crumbs. Some fell out and onto his chest, and he scowled. Sherlock chuckled.
“I don’t trust Moriarty to react predictably to anything, even the best liar in the world,” Sherlock retorted. “Now, for the last time,
He swayed in place after it was over, panting, his eyes screwed tightly shut. I watched him, unsure of what to do. Suddenly they flew open, and there we were, just me, and him, staring at each other, splattered with come, my hand still holding his now-shrinking cock. It was almost comical.
She replied by swinging the knife across his neck, slitting it wide open. His eyes bugged out and choking sounds came from his throat. The guard dropped him and he thrashed on the ground, dying. “Slower, for you,” said Anna, standing over him and wiping the knife on her hip. “For your cheek.”
“Don’t you see what’s going on?” I interrupted. “I can’t even think anymore. I can’t think of anything but you. You’ve—you’ve
.” He scratched his head again. I feared he was going to give himself a bald spot. “You were talking about me, weren’t you?”
Perhaps it was his constant nagging, but suddenly, I knew what I needed to do. I reached down and squeezed his nearest hand in my own. “I do,” I said, with as much genuine feeling as I could muster.
,” he’d instructed, almost as if he expected it to happen, and turned to pick up his umbrella before walking out of the flat without waiting for confirmation.
But now, seeing her thirteen-year-old daughter’s face in front of her, a face that she hadn’t been there to laugh with or comfort or watch grow up, all she felt was guilt. Anna had lived without either of her parents, her entire heritage a mystery, because Mary could not give up her obsessive need for revenge. She thought she could, once—when Anna was born, she decided that she was done with the treasure, done with Moriarty, done with that life. But then the key had appeared, and in Moriarty’s grasp, no less—and she couldn’t control herself. She had to have it.
The ride home was silent, as John promised. Although I wasn’t thinking about how to figure love into my life like he wanted me to. The Work and love just didn’t mix. Like oil and water, they didn’t blend. I couldn’t have it both ways, even though I wanted to, and John wanted to. Sometimes it doesn’t matter how much you want something.
“I know you’ve been sleeping with Mary again,” Sherlock told him, as a matter of fact (not technically intercourse, but blow jobs—still sex), “and it hasn’t destroyed
John’s expression began to grow cross as he realized he was not going to get the response he wanted. “Look, we got off on the wrong foot earlier. It wasn’t… I was just trying to make it like it should have been. We should have been… you know… bloody
He had chalked the first few hours of indifference up to shock, but that should have worn off by now. He thought back to yesterday, when he was talking to Dead John in his bedroom, and felt a warmth in his chest at the memory of it. But in refocusing on the man standing in front of him, the warmth vanished.
Molly massaged her hands together, wondering if she should continue. “You know, he never let Anna call him ‘Dad,’” she said, deciding. “She wanted to, of course, when she was a little girl. Tried to, several times. But he’d get so angry with her when she did, he’d scold her... he’d point to one of the thousand pictures of you that he had in the flat and say something like, ‘I’m not your father.
It was true. Mycroft had every single person at the scene paid off and sworn to secrecy the moment after his helicopter touched the ground. Magnussen’s death became a “random act of violence,” a break-in or some such, and no one even got a hold of the
“I…” he began, trying to find the words to explain what he was going through in that moment. He glanced down and could see a faint bulge in his pajama bottoms.
.” She remembered how intense his eyes would seem when he spoke like that. “Most people become so attached to the powerful players that they forget to look at the greater picture; it’s not about one piece, it’s about winning the
“Well, perhaps I should amend that statement,” Mycroft continued, rotating back and forth in his swivel chair with his fingers folded under his chin. “I can protect John, to an extent—filter out any security footage that places him near the scene, that kind of thing—but Gregory Lestrade…” he trailed off, and sighed.
“John!” Lestrade shouted again, his voice shrill this time. “The fire crew will be here any minute, we have to get out of here!”
“Having her cycle after Violet…” Sherlock kept on, trying to ignore the growing terror in his belly. “That must have been an attempt to throw the police off your scent.”
story—which allowed Mycroft to settle the matter internally, behind the government’s closed doors. But Lestrade’s case was already hitting international news, and Mycroft deemed it too dangerous to cover up, now.
he kept hearing, but he didn’t know who was speaking. He didn’t care. Nothing mattered now, nothing at all; John was dead.
managed to do so, I suggest you drop any and all weapons. That includes your knife, Miss Watson,” he added. He raised his eyebrows in a private look at Sherlock, then smiled darkly.
“Sherlock.” John was grinning like a fool, making Sherlock self-conscious of his own expression. He took a breath and looked back at Mary.
John put his face in his hands. “Sherlock,” he said, his voice muffled by his palms, “Sherlock, that’s what I’m doing. I
“I’m guessing the files on the flash drive would have told us about her past and her exact lineage,” Sherlock mused aloud, trying to fill in the rest of the gaps. “But all that didn’t matter, because you burned it without ever looking at it. And Mary… something you said must have made her change her mind about wanting us to help her find the key.” He looked at John, expectantly.
The sound of the gun echoed for some time on the barren walls of the parking garage. Anna’s eyes remained shut, waiting for the guard to kill her… or maybe he already had.
Lestrade sighed, loudly, into the phone. “What the hell is wrong with you? If Sherlock doesn’t help us, Carruthers could
happy,” countered Sherlock. “I told her a few funny stories, she enjoyed it. I think we may make it a yearly tradition.” He fed Anna another spoonful, and no one said anything. Sherlock knew they were feeling sorry for him, and he hated it. But none of them understood. Anna was the only one on his side. It was she and him, the two of them against the world, just as it had always been with him and John. He coughed and changed the subject to something more mundane, and soon everyone had moved on from the conversation.
“No,” said Sherlock, in response to her reaction. “Best keep doing that. Yes, good. It doesn’t hurt as much, now.”
John turned away and stirred the soup again and tried not to watch the other man or think about why he still hadn’t brought up the reason for his coming here. Or how he knew how to chop wood properly or to light a fire in the stove and why he’d forsaken his fashionable attire for nondescript cold-weather clothing that would be durable in a climate such as this. Why his hair was shorter and why he hadn’t—
John nodded, accepting Sherlock’s terms: he wouldn’t ask him what happened, wouldn’t make him talk to the police. He was going to protect him, now. He drew himself up. “Would you still like me to examine you?”
“I’m a fool, Sherlock.” John’s chin began to tremble. “Fuck, I didn’t think I had any crying left in me, today.” He wiped his nose and looked up at the ceiling, trying to regain his composure. “I’m a total fool. I went through my entire life trying to convince myself that I was right, that there isn’t just one person for everyone… but I wasn’t right. Because no one in my life has ever compared to you.”
And just as the two of them cleared the doors and escaped into the parking lot, the building exploded.
about me. And we didn’t have time for you to work through those feelings, because every moment that passed was another moment that Moriarty had his claws in Anna. So I decided to sort of…” he licked his lips, thinking that however he put it, it wasn’t going to sound good, “…play along.”
I felt a bit prickly. Hadn’t I explained my emotions enough, for one day? I didn’t even fully understand them yet, myself. “Can’t we just kiss? Actions are louder than words, you know.”
“Just having a rest,” John replied. His eyes were closed. They were dry from the heat but it was very nice. It was very nice to be warm again.
Sherlock ignored her, of course. “He has a thing about having to finish a song,” explained Anna, rolling her eyes. “Would you like a cup of tea?”
He stopped touching himself with an exasperated huff and considered going back to his original plan, which was to distract himself from his desire until he was calm enough to sleep again. But his erection still stretched up into his pants, and he knew it wasn’t going to go away of its own accord. He found that he was stuck in that strange spot between needing to come and not being able to, a spot which he’d been in a handful of times before. It was not pleasant.
, there was no way that was going to keep happening. Mary was too proud, too independent to continue a marriage with someone who didn’t love her. They’d divorce. They’d trade off watching the baby. John would move back
At first there was nothing but the slimy feeling of cold, rainy-wet lips on each other, the shock of someone in his personal space. But then, there was everything else: Sherlock felt his whole body respond to the kiss, narrowing down, wanting to force itself into the tiny spots where their lips touched; wanting to keep doing it, and more of it, and never stop doing it, and oh,
I shut it and spun around, leaning back against it with my hand still on the handle. There was no way he could get out of this. How could he get out of this? Mary wasn’t stupid, she was actually bloody fucking smart, smarter than a lot of people. I started to panic. She was going to find out, and then—
“It’s very nice to meet you Mr. Holmes,” said Carruthers, and he gave Sherlock another shy smile when their hands grasped each others’ to shake. “Come in, please, have a seat, and I’ll get my wife to come upstairs. She can help with the questions, too.”
Moriarty’s eyes flickered wider than humanly possible, his grotesque smile growing and morphing into his next words. He wrapped his fingers around the microphone, and when he spoke, his voice was thick with ecstasy.
was so upset. Perhaps he was disappointed that I lied to him? “I’m sorry,” I said, and I meant it this time. I didn’t like to see him like this. Especially because I now had—ugh—
“Let’s try a different question,” said Ella. “Mr. Holmes, how do you feel about John living with you again?”
“John,” said Sherlock, not looking at him. He looked down instead, at the length in John’s trousers, and his own.
Sherlock looked up at him and then at the chair and then stood up and sat in it. He laid back his head and rocked a few times. “Comfortable,” he said. Then, “Goodnight, John.”
“There’s no way your lack of experience at sex could make me leave. For God’s sake, I’m just as new as you are at this, in some ways. And actually,” he looked upward, thinking. “I’m sort of glad you’re a virgin. That way you won’t know how terrible
John tiptoed back down the stairs and waited a few more moments before running up again, making sure to pound his feet as he went. He knocked heavily on the door and burst through without waiting for an invitation. “Good morning Mrs. Hudson,” he said, cheerily. “Morning, Sherlock.”
She wished then that she could shoot herself, that that was a choice. But she knew it was a rubbish idea; if she did do that, Moriarty would probably kill the two men anyway, in his rage at being slighted. She had no other option than to kill one of them. One was better than both.
Mycroft began. “First of all, Molly, no one is like me. No one. I am a person, but I am not 'people.' Most people are extremely narrow-minded, they can’t see that the world extends much farther past the person they kiss goodnight. Much, much farther.
you miss me, all week. The private jokes, the old, annoying habits… I mean, John, I stopped leaving my clothes outside the loo ages ago!”
Somehow, they teleported back down to the lab. Sherlock didn’t know how that happened, didn’t care. He found his hands roaming the curves of her body, inside of her lab coat, and she shook it off her shoulders with one swift motion. Sherlock leaned forward to kiss her again, but she suddenly shrank back and stared at him.
They looked at each other, and burst out laughing. “Well, Sherlock’s back,” John announced, when they finally stopped. They both got up to come to Sherlock’s side. “How are you feeling?”
I don’t know that Mycroft ever got to experience it, growing up. I’m not sure that he ever had a situation arise where he’d wanted to. I was always the weaker of the two of us, I always had a bit more emotion, and even (of course) went through a period of time where I blamed my father for that, and hated him for it, and for my mother for choosing his genetics, because all I wanted to do was be a cold, calculated fish like my brother. (That’s the curse of little brothers—they can’t help but look up to the bigger ones.) I still blamed him to some extent, but I’d learned how to control that emotional part of myself, and though I’ll never admit this to anyone, it was nice to drop that control once in a while. My father was the person I went to for that.
A strange expression came over Sherlock’s face—he almost looked… helpless. She knew he was grasping at straws trying to deal with raising a teenager. She couldn’t imagine how abnormal his teen years had been and how hard it had to be for him to relate to Anna.
John listed to the radio now because of what he had said to Sherlock, that he would come home. In the snow it would be a half-day’s walk to the junction shop where the roads were plowed and they could get a ride to the nearest town and eventually make their way back to London. However John had to consider the animals that he would leave behind and if they went out to the shop he’d have to find someone willing to hike back in and take care of them. The chances were pretty slim this time of year, especially now that the snows had come and even with the weather forecast they could still be unpredictable.
“But something must have gone wrong,” John continued, noting the intensity of Sherlock’s stare. “I never heard from her after that. When they finally moved me into my cell, Moriarty came to see me and suggested that he knew Mary and I were conspiring…. He never gave any specifics, so I don’t know if he knew the details of her plan. But he was at least suspicious, which would have been enough for anyone in that position to…” John bit his lip. “Two years came and went, and I assumed he had her killed. I didn’t know what else to think, I didn’t know what Moriarty’s plan was, I didn’t know if Mary had gotten the chance to tell you I was alive, didn’t know if I was ever going to see you again…” he trailed off, feeling his throat tighten at the memory. "But if she is alive... she can help us, Sherlock."
Sherlock leaned over to grab his phone. His face contorted into a scowl as he redirected their destination back to the bathroom.
Sherlock said nothing knowing how quickly John would snap when he didn't get fucked like how he wanted to which was hard and fast. Sherlock got no warning except a low growl before one of John's legs snaked between the two of them and John kicked Sherlock off of him causing Sherlock to fall on his back. Before Sherlock could fully comprehend what his hot military boyfriend was doing, John was on him again. Dropping his ass onto Sherlock's dick and letting out a loud moan, John finally felt somewhat sated.
He felt John quiver underneath him and bite his shoulder. Sherlock suppressed the urge to either wince or chuckle.
Sherlock complied and started to thrust shallowly. John always surprised him whenever Sherlock brought him to his breaking point. Once he wouldn't let John suck him off, John knocked him out with sleeping pills and sucked him off in his sleep. Sherlock could still remember waking up drowsy with a horny John deepthroating him with his fingers up his ass.
"Pretend to sleep," Sherlock said, gently rubbing John's neck, producing a soft purr from John that he didn't know he could conjure up. Before John could spit out a retort, the door opened loudly.
"Why do you always do this to me?" John questioned with hooded eyes as he bounced lightly on Sherlock's lap.
John hummed as their breathing evened out and the realization of the filthiness set in. Sherlock, sensing this, picked up John's in his arms, and hoisted them both up with his spent dick still inside of John.
John couldn't form a coherent word as Sherlock continued to fuck him like he was a toy. John; highly sensitive and unable to even hold himself up, fell onto Sherlock's chest, gripping his shoulders. The constant stimulation of a large cock ramming his prostate and the friction between John's own prick and Sherlock silky shirt sent him into a spiral of pleasure bordering pain.
John started to grind his hips slowly against Sherlock's lap wanting to see if his lover would crack under the pressure. Sherlock's other arm, wrapped around John's waist, holding the blanket, tightened.
"And you're cum is still in me," John said, ghosting his hand over the base of the plug. It wasn't large but substantial enough to make him slightly uncomfortable with arousal.
"But we're seeing Lestrade," John said, shifting his weight and instantly feeling the plug rub against his prostate.
John answered with a soft groan, circling his hips slowly. Sherlock's hands, that were once at his hips, they roamed downwards to John's plump ass. He gripped them lightly, savoring the silky skin underneath his pads of his fingers.
"Curious- *hmmm- *my fucking ass," John moaned, placing some of his weight on his hands laid on Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock continued with his slow pace while placing small kisses on the corner of John's lips. Sherlock placed his hands on John's hips to stop him from moving. John let out a soft whine.
"What did you put in me?" John asked as he watched Sherlock strip off his ruined shirt and move to clean them both.
Sherlock didn't answer but placed one of his hands on John's shoulder and pushed him forcefully down. In a regular situation, John would be able to withstand the pressure, but his legs were weak. He slammed back down with Sherlock fully sheathed inside of him. His hard erection twitched, precum oozing out, from the soft brush against his prostate from the sudden intrusion.
Instead of the hopes of a cock in his ass, Sherlock just smiled and moved closer to John's face, placing soft kisses on his jaw.
"Oh my god I love you so much," Sherlock muttered, leaning back and aligning himself with John's twitching hole.
"Yes, wonderful, thank you love now please for the love of god move," John whined, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck.
Lestrade leaned against the doorframe, not convinced by Sherlock's cut up phrases. Sherlock was going to end him if he didn't leave within the next minute.
"Obviously," Sherlock said, kissing John lightly on the temple, "but from the time that Lestrade was noticed and the time he will take to get here won't be enough for you to get off and into your trousers. Moreover, we both will be both obviously hard and it will show. Lestrade isn't stupid enough to not know we were shagging. The door isn't locked, Mrs. Hudson's not in, and Lestrade is desperate meaning he won't wait for us to answer."
"Quite," Sherlock said, grabbing John by the back of his head and slamming his lips against his own. Sherlock bit on John's lip hard enough to draw blood. John let out a soft gasp as Sherlock forced his tongue into his mouth. Their tongues dance in a battle for dominance. Sherlock growled and shoved his dick hard upwards into John ass. Making quick calculations of their position and their angle; Sherlock knew he hit the jackpot. John let out a loud moan letting Sherlock take charge. John's body began to melt as Sherlock finally started to pound upwards into him. John pulled back to catch his breath.
Sherlock dismissed his complaints as he moved until he was pressing open-mouthed kisses to John's lower abdomen and with just his tip was inside of John's ass. Sherlock teased him with quick licks to his skin and shallow thrusts. John continued to try to bury Sherlock deeper into him but to no avail. John let out an angry whine, grabbed Sherlock by the hair and pulled him to look at him. His expression was a mix of surprise and amusement.
Sherlock pulled back to look at John to see if he was being serious. John stared back at him with a shit-eating grin knowing that Sherlock knew what he was implying.
"How about this," John said, placing a kiss on Sherlock's cheek, "I'll let you put a butt plug in my ass."
John bit his lip to muffle his moan. Sherlock was right; Sherlock's penis was the epitome of perfection and some days John just wanted to taste it like a kid wants to taste the big colorful lollie on display in the supermarket.
Sherlock was still evidently very aroused and very pissed off that their shagging was to be interrupted in a few moments. Sherlock draped a blanket on John's back and pulled John back on to his shoulder, resting his hand on the nape of his neck.
"You said I could, so I am," Sherlock replied, handing John his coat and placing a soft kiss on his forehead.
Reaching his ear, Sherlock whispered, "You won't be able to resist the urge though," sucking his earlobe.
John had Sherlock maybe two-thirds of the way inside of him. He could feel Sherlock twitch inside of him every time he got a little bit more into him.
John stared at her in astonishment for a moment; then he was horrified to feel tears fill his eyes. Molly took his hand and squeezed it.
The music, which had been a series of inoffensive electronic pieces, flipped over to a song John knew.
John was amazed at how Sherlock had responded to being pinned down. He hadn’t had any idea how he was going to bring Sherlock to the edge, but teasing him was an urge that had popped into his head, and he’d just run with it, doing what felt good. After the day they had had, he had needed to assert his Right to Sherlock. First he’d had to talk to Mycroft and find out that horrible things had happened to Sherlock in the recent past that he could not go and fix. Then those horrible things had reached out to try to kill them both. And Mycroft had reached out to try to take over their lives, with invasive movie-style secret agents—and then he’d found out that all week, people had been watching and listening to him have sex with this man with whom he had fallen in love! Including his meddling brother!
When he stepped outside, he tripped on an inconveniently placed rock. When he caught himself by grabbing a bush, he was rewarded with some very angry yelling. The deer boy was gesturing wildly, and he looked down to see that he’d stepped square in the middle of a rather large pile of cherry tomatoes. He looked back up to see the deer boy place both hands on his hips and continue to make loud noises, which were clearly scolding.
“Okay.” John busied himself with pulling his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock really seemed to enjoy having his hair played with.
Instructor went real hard on a fellow today, Stamford, said some nasty things to him about his weight. He’s a good chap, tries real hard, but he’s not the most athletic fellow. Bill ‘n me’ve been coaching him a little after dinner. I think he likes the company more than the extra running.
of your needs while you are with us. I have a room—Room B—that is adjacent to yours, if you prefer that I stay there.” This was clearly a description he had recited many times before.
“Yeah. Share.” Johnny unwrapped the clingwrap from one sandwich and handed it to the deer boy. It was a bit smushed but it would still taste good.
“Oh, no no no. We are not listening to this.” He reached for the music player, but Sherlock, who was driving, held it away from him.
“And there’s no one around!” John added, a bit too loudly, waving his hands around at the empty highway.
“You thought it might have killed you to stop,” John said with a growing realization. “You saw something out the window, in your room. What did you see?”
It was mesmerizing. John’s expression was a combination of possessiveness and love, fierce pride and overwhelming dominance. Sherlock felt pinned by the way John was watching him. Eventually, John leaned down, still keeping eye contact, and touched his lips to Sherlock’s. Very slowly, he tilted his head to fit their mouths together, making a seal but not moving his lips. Sherlock held his breath. John breached Sherlock’s mouth with his tongue, gradually invading until Sherlock had to close his eyes.
who continues to provide free and expert beta assistance. This chapter underwent significant editing after she last saw it so the blame falls solely on me. Also thanks to
Lestrade covered his mouth with his hand and stared at Fawnlock. He’d read the local folklore, of course; hell, he’d put the local history section together himself at the library. Some of the oral history had folks his grandparents’ age talking about
“Oh, I like this song!” John exclaimed. He began to sing along to the chorus and turned up the volume.
John groaned impatiently and flailed behind him with one hand. Sherlock peered in the dark, then took John’s hand and felt what he was holding.
“Here are my credentials, officer. I believe you’ll find them in order,” she said, handing over a leather document holder.
The sand and the fires were also reminding him of another place and time, much less pleasant, but the damp was keeping those memories from overwhelming him. The Helmand was never damp.
John felt something touch his lips and he automatically opened his jaws. He felt blood pounding in his cock as something smooth and fat was pressed slowly into his mouth, above his tongue. When he closed his lips around it, he realized it felt like a spongy cock. At first it tasted vaguely silicone-ish, but soon it had no flavor at all. He sucked on it, and it was deeply satisfying.
Sherlock stood up, tucked himself in, zipped, and held out a hand to John. John hastily dragged his trousers up as he stood, holding onto Sherlock’s hand and tripping a bit. Sherlock noted that the cruiser was painted with “POLICE/City of Ukiah”.
“Hi, I’ve met a lovely man that I’m going to marry and fuck all the time, so I need you to call off Moriarty, preferably have him eliminated somehow, and by the way I’m clean and I was a whore for a while but now I’m just going to fuck John and selected others so don’t worry your pretty little brain over it, thanks ever so much!”
“Eventually, yeah. And of course at night, it was freezing cold, sometimes. There was no in-between. Either you were sweating so much you got sick from dehydration, or you couldn’t find enough jumpers and jackets and blankets to sit outside.”
John was careful to keep the horror Mycroft’s words had struck within him off his face, hidden in his heart. What had happened to this precious man?
has been to a Denny’s. The Aga Khan has been to a Denny’s. The Dalai Lama has been to a Denny’s. The only people who have never been to a Denny’s are my mother and my brother; if they ever set foot in one, the falcon will not hear the falconer, the centre will not hold, and the light will surely die.”
So it wasn’t like he got in the way, exactly. It was more that he sort of took up the whole room, with his presence and his voice and his handsome, if oddly coloured, face, and his darn patronising attitude and she was getting tired of it, really she was. And now she had an honest-to-God body to take care of, and she was very possessive of her dead bodies; she knew all of them from the town and fancied herself a bit of a guardian for them until they were safely ensconced in their final quiet casket homes.
“Dr Watson. I’m terribly sorry; we had no idea he had access to that phone. We’re locking that down now; this call should be safe. It’s scrambled in two different ways. We’re working on finding the shooter. You are being tailed now by several agents, and there will be people stationed outside your room and outside your hotel. Some you will see, some you won’t. These people are sworn to do whatever it takes to protect the both of you.”
meant for the Council, that he could share their secret duties with an outsider...it meant that Moriarty could no longer be trusted. Possibly Adler, as well, seeing as she had participated in working with this Moran. He would have to think about what the consequences to Moriarty would be. Removing someone from the Council was very difficult and had ramifications. In the meantime, Moran would have to be contained.
“What’s that?” Fawnlock asked the minute he entered the lab. A young boy’s body was laid out on one of the tables in the middle of the room; Molly had the chest open and was poking around inside with instruments. A tape recorder was running next to her.
“We’ll see. Here, let’s get you cleaned up.” Sherlock rolled the condom off John and ducked into the loo, coming back with one of the improbably soft flannels damp with warm water. He sponged John off and dropped the flannel on the floor; then he leaned over and gave John a gentle, closed-mouth kiss. He finished the cleanup by drying John with a few tissues.
“Saturday...oh dear, I don’t know what the term is for Saturday in whatever language you speak. Three days from now, right?” The librarian pointed at the sun, then swung his arm in a circle that went to the horizon, around the ground, and back up again. Then he held up three fingers.
“Oh, your wrap there, it’s coming loose—” Lestrade stopped talking as a large, fuzzy ear popped out from under the cloth. “What is
“Sorry, too much physical therapy, I suppose. Had rather enough of the excruciating pain over the past year.”
John was wrapped around a warm, soft body. He felt his hard cock pressed against the warmth and hummed in appreciation. It had been so long...he began to grind up against his lover slowly at first, speeding up quickly as delicious sensations radiated from the friction on his cock to the rest of his body.
John looked down. For a moment, his chest clenched. Could he do this? Could he trust this man he’d known for four days? His instincts said yes; his head was screaming for him to run. He thought for a moment. If at any point it seemed like it was going sideways, he should be able to fight his way out of this before Sherlock did anything permanent, like attach him to furniture.
The leaves are turning in the forest. They’re so beautiful. Is your old tent still out back in the woods? Do you want us to take it in? Your Da could fold it up nice and store it in the attic.
Thanks for the all the care packages! I always share the cookies with all the boys, but the ginger beer is just for me.
“I was hoping for more of a respite. Hang on.” Sherlock pulled into the left-most lane and sped up to 100 miles per hour. He began to weave in and out of the overnight traffic. As the lights of another town came up, he sped off on an exit ramp, looped under the highway, and got back on going south. He took the next exit and drove west for a few minutes, then turned around and got them back on the highway going north again.
Johnny’s mother continually tried to find a balance between explaining the world clearly and truthfully, albeit in terms a child could grasp, and giving her son room to imagine and dream and not grow up too quickly. Harry was a lost cause; from the start she had shunned her innocence despite her mother’s best efforts, flinging it from her impatiently like so much useless amniotic sac. Johnny, however, still had the trusting heart of a child at age eight and she wanted to protect that as long as she could.
John’s fingers grew tighter around the steering wheel. He was starting to think of Clara and little Geraldine. Did they need him? Was Harry bothering them? Who would take care of them if he wasn’t there? He thought about his boss, Sarah, and what she would say if she knew he had not only ignored the conference but taken off for parts unknown with no plan to return. What was he doing? Could he truly throw away everything he’d built since he was shot?
“And they had all this old shit on the jukebox, old eighties shit. It was marvellous. I loved this song. Why is she giving anybody fish? No one knows!”
John simultaneously ground his crotch against Sherlock’s, as he was now hovered over him on all fours, teasing him, and bit a little more on the flesh in his mouth while flicking it swiftly with his tongue.
.” Sherlock had twisted around and was suddenly fully on top of John, his mouth centimetres from John’s mouth, his voice low and soft. “You are telling me that after the morning we just had, given that we are being guarded by who knows how many of Mycroft’s henchpeople from who knows how many of Mor—that
” John pushed Sherlock onto the hood of the tiny car and held up his feet, one at a time. Sherlock was oddly pleased to hear him growl.
“While you still walk with a military bearing, it is slower than even your limp would account for, and your shoulders droop with such weariness that it makes me tired just to look at you. You are on edge and show all the classic signs of someone who has been under unbearable stress for a long time: dark circles under your eyes, slightly irregular heartbeat, pulse consistently too fast, and muscle knots that are all but frozen into your body. And I have been to enough conferences to know exactly how useless opening remarks are, regardless of topic.”
Halifa dramatically rubbed her ears, pulling them forward, and Mika laughed, making the images ripple again on Mycroft’s Pool.
, story and pictures by Maurice Sendak. I snagged the text from Amazon’s “look inside” service [http://www.amazon.com/Where-Wild-Things-Maurice-Sendak/dp/0064431789].
Another nod, and he lifted slightly trembling hands and tried to repeat what he’d seen her do. Gentler on the breasts proper, and pinchier behind the nipples. He established a bit of a pulling rhythm. Christine hummed in approval and continued to push against her hand.
“It’s always food with you, isn’t it?” Sherlock said fondly. “I’m going to feed you tonight,” he went on to declare grandly.
John crawled up and positioned himself so that he was crouched over Sherlock’s head, propped as comfortably as possible on the pillows. If he leaned forward, his cock would dip down into Sherlock’s mouth.
far up when he’d worked between John’s buttocks. And some of the washing seemed to involve John’s mouth and not the regulation soap. Rather a lot of the washing, in fact. Soon, John had figured out how to angle the shower nozzles and had positioned Sherlock so that one water jet was trained on his anus, two were directed at different sides of his cock, one on was pounding on each of his nipples, one was aimed between his left big toe and “index” toe (who knew that was an erogenous zone?!), and John had one of Sherlock’s balls rolling in one hand and his other hand was working just behind the head of his cock, and then Sherlock was coming, hard, yelling and shooting out onto the black tile floor and John was laughing against his inner thigh, the vibrations forcing one more jerk of ejaculate out of him when he thought he was finished.
John moved a finger up to stroke at the slit at the head of Sherlock’s cock, and the feeling was so sharp that Sherlock wailed around John’s slowly pumping tongue. John responded by stilling both hands, and Sherlock’s eyes snapped open to see John staring down at him, an inch away, with a stern expression. He felt tears leak out of his eyes.
Sherlock pulled back at that and looked at John, startled. There was no artifice in John’s expression; no challenge, no attempt at provocation. He looked as calm as if he was telling Sherlock what he planned to have for dinner.
“When were you at a Denny’s?” Predictably, John skipped over the interesting parts and zeroed in on the embarrassing bit.
John wasn’t getting much sleep. He had classes during the day: Algebra, Intro to Computer Programming, Chemistry, and, inexplicably, English. He wasn’t sure what reading Louisa May Alcott had to do with medicine, but it was a mandatory class, so he suffered it with as much good grace as he could muster. Each of those classes had homework, and there was physical training to complete in the afternoons, and he had volunteered to work a six-hour shift five nights a week. His hospital shifts were intensely physical; as an orderly he mopped and scrubbed, lifted patients, moved boxes of supplies and heavy machinery for the nurses, and basically did any scut work anyone else didn’t want to do.
I have experienced the “chakra” energy or whatever it was that happened, when a massage therapist “brought energy” to the top of my head and “pulled it out” and held it there, not touching me. It was very strange and interesting and I have no idea what actually happened, as I am a rationalist and no longer believe, necessarily, in chakras and the kundalini. However, I also realize there are plenty of things we have not yet discovered, and far be it from me to deny my own experience.
“Then, as we are enjoying the sand blowing in our faces, a couple of friends of mine will cause a bit of a delay for our tail, and we will depart. We will travel across the Golden Gate Bridge—”
He looked in front of him and all he saw were trees, trees that looked very similar to all the trees around the rest of him. What did it mean that the needle was on the N? North? But what good did that do him?
“Thank you for speaking with me, Mycroft. I will take it under advisement, and I will be in touch,” John said briskly and hung up.
John looked up from where they had rolled together on the bed with a smile. “Right now, yes it does, because it means I get to keep going.”
John sighed as the movie ended. “I hadn’t remembered how eerie that movie was. And that music...extraordinary.”
Over a large and varied breakfast, John gave Sherlock a very abbreviated summary of the conversation.
John thought about telling Mycroft how amazing that was, but it didn’t seem that he would take to it as well as Sherlock.
“Now now, I’m sure you’ve used these before. Can I take off this wrap, or is it some kind of religious thing?”
Sherlock gave John a glower, which made him snicker. John began pressing the scan button on the radio again. The scanner found an angry man ranting about “homaseck-shals”, a sprightly Mexican song, a commercial for donating a car to a questionable charity, and an absolute torment of a pop song.
Sherlock began to writhe a bit, trying to get more stimulation, but John just moved his hand with him, keeping the angle of his finger perfectly aligned with Sherlock’s passage. Sherlock gave up and lay back with a faint groan. John rewarded him with a second finger, slid slowly all the way in this time. Sherlock felt him rotate the pair around, stretching his muscle so unhurriedly that he almost couldn’t feel it. He was, in fact, starting to grow bored when John’s fingertips settled against his ventral wall and pushed, just a little.
“And so today, he said he had an idea that he thought he would get me past my...issues. And he asked if I’d ever heard of subspace.”
“Yes, we are rather proud of our chef.” Sherlock looked as pleased as if he had cooked the meal himself.
“Huh. The needle is supposed to point to N if you turn it enough.” No matter what Johnny did, the needle remained pointing to the smaller “NE”. “I guess it’s broken?”
Sherlock called a delivery joint and ordered curries and a masala, naans and papadums, samosas and pakoras. Within ten minutes, there was a knock at the door.
He was trying to wipe off his tongue with his hands when the deer boy came back and dumped an fresh armload of the bright red fruit on the ground.
Sherlock speared a chunk of chicken, let some of the sauce drip off, and lifted it to John’s lips. John gave Sherlock a look that clearly said he was just humouring him, but he opened his mouth and accepted the bite. Then he moaned.
“Yeah, once we get to the bottom we should just fucking go out already. They won’t let us back in for a while and I need
Mycroft sat back from the Pool. He had a flash of the familiar irritation at the necessity of waiting a month between conversations, but the work of the Council had always moved slowly and deliberately, so he took a deep breath and banished the irritation from his mind. It served no purpose; there was no other way to contact Council members. This was the way things were done.
any more. The idealistic, gentle-natured boy that he once had been was gone. He made up his mind that night not to look back on the person he used to be ever again.
He had observed, of course, when John had started believing that he was chained to the bed. He had said nothing to encourage that; he would have predicted that it would have soured, or ended, the scene, that it would have been a very bad belief. Instead, it seemed to give John a certain freedom. And the gag had definitely been a good call. The enticing sounds John had made—groans, whines, wordless pleas, little vocal pants, drawn-out moans—they had been incredible; Sherlock wished he had thought to record them for masturbation purposes in the future. And clearly John was quite orally focused, with all the sucking he had done.
For a moment, everything seemed to hang on the precipice of John’s decision whether to continue this madness or return to the safety of his stultifying London existence. He wondered whether this was a decision that would have to be made again and again, and he resolved not to take John’s acquiescence for granted.
“Oh GOD fuck Sherlock oh fuck that feels so weird and so good you’re getting the goddamn bed wet, oh oh oh lick me, don’t stop licking me, oh it’s so wet, oh god lick my balls, they’re wet and cold…”
When he looked up again, a soft, warm blanket covered him, and a few lights were on in the suite, counteracting the gloom that had settled as the sun went down behind the fog bank.
“Actually, I don’t doubt that.” And Sherlock took some healthy swallows from the bottle, and by the time John finished brushing his teeth, the blue liquid was gone (and Sherlock’s tongue had turned blue—John checked—so there was a reasonable possibility that at least some of the Gatorade was actually inside him).
“Was usually more concerned with arms falling off and hearts not pumping when filled with bullets. Pregnancies, scraped knees and drug addiction is still fairly new to me yet,” he said around a mouthful. “God this is delicious. I don’t care what it’s called.”
John dragged Sherlock down into the wet weeds as an answer. He wriggled his jeans and pants to his ankles and lay on his front.
Fifteen minutes later, John was happily dragging his spoon around by the handle of his knife on a laminated table while Sherlock groaned into his hands.
They continued on through the tale of little Max and his adventures. It took about a half-hour to make it through the book. Fawnlock’s brow was furrowed as he concentrated harder than Greg had ever seen a student do before.
“Well, I don’t know that it should change much. Although it’s probably pretty dangerous for you to come into town when you can’t wear a hat to hide your...um, ears. Ahhh, no antlers in the winter, eh? That’s why you’re wearing this new scarf. Right. How about when you have the antlers, I come meet you here instead? We can keep studying reading; that doesn’t have to stop. You’re an excellent student.”
Summer was almost fully upon the forest the day that Fawnlock heard noises from where he was lying listlessly in the tent. He sat up quickly and his nose confirmed that Johnny was approaching. His enhanced senses gave him time to bolt for the trees before Johnny was in sight of the tent, and he stood behind some pines, trembling. Hoping.
The juxtaposition of this new, vigorous sex life with the gentle, dreamy existence he used to have was bewildering. Johnny wasn’t quite sure how to reconcile the sex fiend he had become with the child who had honored nature with his dad and talked ideas with his mum. He felt ashamed of his constant need for release and the continuous thoughts that saturated his every waking moment; at school, every person he saw was an instant candidate as a potential repository for his jism; at home, every moment spent away from his comic books was a kind of torture.
“He...it was a locked room, windowless, and only one way in or out. Whenever I was...aware, enough, to try to go to the door, his henchman was always there to stop me. Of course, Moran was always there, anyway. He did most of the physical work. Jim preferred to watch. He only liked to get his prick dirty.”
“That’s understandable, in the circumstances. I am even more honored that you have chosen to share yourself with me now.”
Fawnlock stared at the path through the trees where Johnny had walked away, and he kept staring for hours after he was gone.
“Come on, now, Librarian Lestrade has other things to do than sit and teach the likes of you. We’ll meet up here next week, yeah? Seven days.” Greg held up seven fingers, and Fawnlock nodded. Greg made an aborted move to put his hand on Fawnlock’s back to usher him out; perhaps it was early days for that kind of friendly gesture with someone so timid.
. What was the difference? All those people were paid to serve him. And to be honest, he was enjoying it. He had never been exposed to luxurious things like this; his family had been lower-middle class, always struggling for money, and as an Army doctor, he had never seen the comfortable paychecks most doctors made. Now, as a part-time NHS locum, his paycheck barely supplemented his Army disability pension, and having a second pint at the pub on a Friday night was an extravagance.
. Work out your problems with me.” He was staring at John with unnerving intensity. Fog was blowing past the window, and the last few rays of sunlight flickered at the sides of Sherlock’s eyes, making them seem lit from behind. It was an uncanny effect, and John felt his breath catch in his chest.
Sherlock grabbed a bottle of water out of the refrigerator and came to perch on the coffee table. He took Maureen’s hands in his.
Immediately, John leaned down and took Sherlock fully into his mouth. He gagged slightly before he remembered how to manage—Sherlock was definitely as long in cock as in body. He sucked slowly and sumptuously as he pulled almost all the way off, holding the base steady in one hand, and slid back down equally slowly, tasting the sorbet this time and bothering to swallow. Melted watermelon juice dribbled all down his chin, onto his chest, and covered Sherlock’s balls. They would have to shower after this.
“Nonsense. After ten seconds you won’t notice.” Sherlock pulled John’s hand away and commenced a very thorough, tongue-y kiss. Sherlock was right; after about ten seconds, all John could taste was the two of them, and he supposed that was true for Sherlock as well, who tasted not-morning-ish at all anyway, since he hadn’t slept.
—death. Do you understand? Sherlock would pray to a God he does not believe in for death every minute, of every day, for
“Herbal tea is contraindicated by my taste buds, Sherlock. How about you do your job and make me some damn coffee.”
Eureka appeared suddenly out of the dark, a blast of civilization after hours of darkness. Security night lights and neon business signs made it clear they were back amongst people.
Domming him had been far more rewarding than he had dared to hope. It had been fascinating to watch John’s reactions, both in facial expression and body movements. Once he had bought into the idea, John had gone into it with everything he had; Sherlock had never met anyone before who put his entire being into an experience. It was overwhelming to watch. He had had a moment where he had felt inadequate to direct this event for this amazing person, but then he had remembered who he was and had rallied. How hard could it be? He certainly knew all the theory and had attended enough demonstrations. While it held no interest for him, sexually, he certainly thought it could help John get past some of his inhibitions.
Sherlock knelt in position again, between John’s legs, and took his time lying down comfortably and slowly pulling John’s cheeks apart. Now there was no urgency, though John started pleading and begging. As before, Sherlock let the tip of his tongue touch against the base of John’s balls and slowly drew a wet, thin path up the perineum to just below the anus. He circled all around that, ignoring the whining coming from above, and continued up to the top of the crease.
“FUCK ME, SHERLOCK, fucking fuck me right fucking now or I swear to god I’ll do something we’ll both regret.”
“What is your obsession with eating, you strange little man? If you nibble me all up then we won’t have to worry about getting a house, safe or otherwise. There will be nothing left for Mor—for
Note: It’s distressingly hard* to find a picture of a deer penis that isn’t dried and/or cut up for human consumption (and those are the nicer images), but I’m hoping that
“Private John Watson, ma’am.” John shook her hand and was pleased to find her grip firm but not bruising. Some male officers seemed to think that crushing his hand bones together demonstrated they had the bigger dicks.
“Sherlock!” she said in a way that seemed like it would have been very soft anywhere else. “It’s so very good to see you! Sit, sit!” She sat on his other side and took his hand. “How have you been?”
“Entirely.” By now, John was working on his second pint of a local brew. He took a sip and then leaned a little closer to Molly. The bar had filled up while they talked; there were couples on the dance floor, almost entirely male, writhing and grinding and laughing and kissing. He glanced over and stared for a minute, marvelling at the variety of clothing and hair styles people were sporting and the boldness of the dancing being displayed. For a moment he had a sharp pang, wishing he and Sherlock were on that floor, doing some of that dancing. He looked back at Molly, and he was sure she read his thoughts.
When he felt he had the hang of it, he pulled off the irritating artificial furs and stuffed them into a canvas carryall he’d taken from another campsite.  He then made his way by back paths to the nearby human settlement where he’d seen the building with all the bound leaf piles.
Sherlock idly ran his fingers through John’s drying hair. John’s head was tucked up against his neck, John’s arm was across his chest where it had been flung after he’d fallen asleep, and one of John’s legs was crooked possessively over Sherlock’s pelvis. It wasn’t entirely comfortable, but there were acres of skin touching his own, and he could feel John’s quiescent penis sleeping against his hip, and it was such a new experience, having a trusting human asleep in his arms, that Sherlock wanted to spend all night studying it, or at least as long as he got until John woke again from whatever terrors his unconscious mind decided to bring up tonight.
Fawnlock hid in the tent during the day, burrowing under the sleeping bag, which started smelling less and less like Johnny. By the time he emerged from the tent at dusk, the pillow would be soaked with tears.
“Okay, John, we’ll just walk quickly and they shouldn’t bother us.” Sherlock glanced down and noticed that John looked pale and very determined. He put a steadying hand on John’s back.
Sherlock looked over at John. He wasn’t showing any symptoms of panic; in fact, it seemed as though he was telling a story about someone he barely knew.
The night Harry “moved out,” Johnny stopped sleeping in his tent. He was intensely worried about his parents and felt like he needed to stay as close to them as possible.
She chuckled darkly. “Ask me again in a month. Tonight I feel like you orderlies do more for medicine than I do.” Seeing John’s puzzled expression, she sighed.
I don’t have a map of Lyndhurst from 1991, so I don’t know if a tea house would have been across a green from the community center that houses the library, but I’m pretending there would have been one like this: Lyndhurst Tea House (
“There you are. Completely held, completely bound. You are doing so, so well, John. You are so very good at this. Do you feel how safe you are? Each limb, securely wrapped. I’ve got you; I’m taking care of you. You are entirely safe; you can let go now. These cuffs will keep you grounded; you don’t need to hold on any more.”
Sherlock proceeded to wind around city streets in a twisty fashion. The crowded houses and apartment buildings soon gave way to forest.
“Yeah, okay, Pan. I guess you’re Pan. And I’m Johnny, Johnny Watson. And you can stop grabbing me now, I’m not going anywhere.”
“I guess it’s a bit soon to be thinking you’d want to commit yourself to me, to sign a marriage certificate or something. Ridiculous, really.”
“Months, Dr Watson. I lost most of the substantial credit and favors I had worked to build—and I lost them gladly—but every day was an agony, knowing what Sherlock was going through. Moriarty made certain I knew, in every way possible. Video, and...less savoury methods. I will never,
Sherlock’s hand was warm on his chest. His other hand was smoothing John’s hair back from his forehead.
Sloping hills, barely visible in the dark, had given way to trees standing so close to the highway that it felt more like a country road than a main thoroughfare. The forest was close...too close. John began to feel claustrophobic.
The touch lightened until it was just the faintest wisp of fingertips sliding over his skin. He could feel the pads of each finger swirling gently over his legs, his arms, his back, and finally his neck and scalp. He felt incredibly cared for.
“I will try not to think about what he saw this afternoon. Just call him and make sure the stream is turned off as of now.
“That’s good.” Sherlock’s voice was low and soothing, complementary to the slow, gentle press of his hands around John’s body. They were quiet for a while, as John felt every inch of exposed skin being caressed gently and deliberately.
snipers, and Mycroft is ready to swoop down upon us and whisk us away to some safe house whence we will never again emerge, that what you want to do is play pat-a-cake with my posterior fat deposits, when you
“Tom, take the bags to suite 221-A.” The tall “companion” handed a keycard to the bellhop, who began rolling John’s small suitcase and garment bag towards the elevators.
“John,” Sherlock said patiently as he tapped at his tablet, “that was an earthquake. I said that already, please try to pay attention.”
“I’m not sure,” John whispered as he dragged the sheet over himself. “I really wanted to do this. I’m sorry.”
“We’re no longer on John Watson’s Generous Benefactor plan any more; we’re on the Mycroft the Control Freak plan. And while he is reasonably useful with tips, he cannot possibly have anticipated the need to reward someone for Bravery in Tea Service Duty against his own incredibly incompetent idiots.”
“Just breathe, John. Breathe and relax and feel the fullness of my fingers inside you, opening you up. You are going to be so very open for me, hot and wide, ready for my thick cock. I’m going to lube my cock up so slick and then slide it into you, deep inside, until you are full of me, and then I’m going to pump you full of my cum, John. You’re going to be full of my jism, and it’s going to drain back out of you when you stand up, because you are mine now, and I’m marking you, I’m marking you as mine.”
Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up into John’s. His pupils were wide and dark. “No...no, it was delicious, it just tipped over the edge. I’ll tell you if it gets to be too much again.”
This group of hotel guests, not having been through the scuffle and panic of the 22nd floor, were calm. A few were in robes and pyjamas and were grumbling about false alarms; most were dressed and chattering with each other as they made the long trek down the flights. Some were clearly drunk.
“No, I mean...sorry, it’s just that most people...a hand on my arm in the clinic, a brush of the shoulder in the hall...it just feels wrong, somehow. Makes me feel like I need to protect myself, keep myself from harm.”
John waited a full ten minutes after the last shot. No one noticed them in the chaos. He rolled off Sherlock, and they both moved to sitting positions, their backs against the sturdy (and lifesaving) planters.
“Look, I can’t have this...conversation, or whatever this is, like this.” John got out of bed and pulled some clean pants from a drawer in the credenza. “There. Now, I think we need some tea. Then we can continue discussing this.”
As he came down he collapsed on top of Sherlock and Sherlock stroked his hair. John felt the post coital calm wash over him and he realized that Sherlock had been pleading with him to come, before. Sherlock was still hard beneath John’s hips and John felt he should do something about it, the man had dedicated the last several years of his life to finding John’s daughter, after all, and he had said that he could not go on without him. Somehow John had felt the same way when he’d said it and had realized only then that he had been waiting for Sherlock to come to the woods to get him even though he’d told him not to, and had been angry only because it had taken him so long.
Jim Moriarty grinned wickedly from behind the observation deck’s windows, Mary Watson standing next to him with an equally evil smirk on her face. “Poor Sherlock.” Moriarty tutted into the microphone, the sound of his voice reverberating annoyingly against the walls of the larger room. “When I told you that I would burn the heart out of you, did you not believe me? Silly Sherlock. You should have believed me.”
But emotions were illogical, and so Sherlock still held a grudge against the man. They’d seen each other a few times, in group settings, and Lestrade had called to consult with him on a few really head-spinning cases… but they hadn’t spoken in over two years, and that had been just fine with Sherlock.
“You see, you think you’re better at sex than me,” John murmured, moving one hand to cup Sherlock’s bum and the other to grasp the base of Sherlock’s erection, “but you’ve forgotten that I’ve been having sex for a lot longer than you.”
“Carruthers didn’t just ruin Sherlock’s life, which is bloody bad enough, or the life of Violet Smith. He insured that thousands of crimes would be committed in this city, thousands of lives would be lost, because he
“John, take the wheel,” said Mycroft, his voice shrill and hoarse. John did, while still managing to keep his gun aimed, and Mycroft stepped into the opposite boat. Mary didn’t look at him as he handcuffed her and forced her to sit in her seat, pointing his own gun at her face. “One move, Mary, one sudden move, and that’s all I’ll need to blow you to kingdom come, even in front of your daughter. And
They heard the excited shout from down the beach and both turned their faces toward the sound—and saw Detective Inspector Lestrade, waving emphatically at them and jogging over, leaving his three girls playing in the sand behind him.
Sorry this took so long to post! There were the holidays, and then the rewrites... I'm full of excuses, I know.
John walked out to the barn and got meat from the deep freezer. It wouldn’t thaw in time to eat that evening so they’d have to have it tomorrow instead. He set it on the table next to the door and then went to the cow’s stall. The door was still open wide from when he had got the rope lead to save Sherlock from the pond, and of course the cow was not there. John took the halter from the peg by the stall door and went out of the barn again, paying attention to the fresh snow on the ground and where the tracks led. She couldn’t have gone far, or wouldn’t have anyway. Cows were not exactly known for being adventurous. She’d had a blanket on her too so she would not have got too cold unless it had fallen off somehow. If she’d gone into the trees it was possible that she could have brushed up against them and the blanket could have got caught and torn off. John tried to think of how cold it was outside and how long he and Sherlock had been asleep and if that was enough time for the cow to freeze to death if she had lost her blanket. While he was calculating it he followed the tracks behind the barn and found that the cow had only gone as far as the back pasture and was standing next to the frozen water trough on just the other side of the fence. She called to him indignantly. Her blanket was still strapped on.
John’s mouth fell open. He looked back at the door again. “Anna...” His eyes filled with tears. “Oh my God.”
He turned off the taps and we took turns toweling our hands. “So,” I said, when we were done. “You probably want to talk.” Actually,
“The hit men that Moriarty had hired to shoot you, Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade if I didn’t jump off that building and commit suicide.”
house—that John might come home tomorrow from work and smell it as he opened the door—elicited a little happy pang in his heart that he didn’t quite comprehend.
“Sherlock Holmes!” cried Mrs. Hudson, as she felt the chilly breeze. “She’ll catch her death with that window open!”
The Major studied him for a moment, sorrow pervading his expression. “How you feel. Before it’s too late.” He turned his head back to the window.
To be honest, Anna hadn’t been able to focus on the movie—she was too preoccupied with how dramatic her real life had become. “It was alright,” she answered, noncommittally.
Sherlock threw him a look of annoyance before falling back into character. He looked down. “Yes, I am. Levi’s. That’s the only brand I wear.” Sherlock flashed him a shy smile.
I continued, settling into the lie. “He was always up for anything. You may find this hard to believe, but I was even less restrained in my younger days. I’d wake him up at all hours of the night, for some theory or another, or to go out and do something ridiculous to prove a point. And he’d grumble and gripe but he was always secretly just as excited as I was.”
Sherlock finally looked up and met John’s eyes, and John was struck by the intensity of the emotion he saw there. “I’m so sorry, John,” he whispered. He rolled his forehead across the glass, shaking it in disbelief. “I’ve been so foolish. Please, forgive me.”
“Sherlock… this was a mistake.” His voice was more forceful now. “We shouldn’t have started this in the first place, I see that now, and I take full responsibility, it was completely my fault—“
, after all—yet it was such a sad story that Anna couldn’t help but believe her mother had been left without a choice.
The prisoner shuffled down the hall, accompanied by three burley guards. Down the hall, around the corner, through the door, through the next door, around another corner, into the visiting room. The prisoner was escorted into a booth. She smiled coldly as she recognized her visitor, through the Plexiglas screen, with his curly locks and dark coat.
“Shhh, it’s alright,” John said to him, trying to sound soothing, but feeling as if he wasn’t anywhere near it. Sherlock choked out another sob. “Do you want me to stop?” John made as if to pull his finger out.
However, the bottom, as it turned out, was not the main floor; it was the garage basement. Anna flung the door open, expecting to see a lobby and exit doors, and got quite a shock as the three of them tumbled into the dim, silent parking structure. She looked around with haste for a stream of natural light or an exit sign. Sherlock found an arrow on the floor and pointed, hissing “Come on!”, his voice echoing eerily off the walls. There were no cars in the lot, not a one.
“And…” I searched for something to say. I needed to make it convincing. I couldn’t have John know I was lying, because then he would win... though I had no idea how this had become a competition or what we were competing for.
John was surprised by the sweetness in his voice. “Beautiful? Didn’t you once tell me that ‘beauty is a construct based entirely on childhood impressions’ or something like that?” he joked.
Soon after, Anna collapsed, exhausted, in a comfy chair, and watched through dreamy vision (some of the brandy
It became a sort of game I played with him, after. I’d test him to see just how far he would go for me. He’d done all sorts of ridiculous things, but I hadn’t known it was because he loved me. Admiration, hero worship, even friendship. But not love. Love had never crossed my mind.
Anna’s mind raced. How did Moriarty know who these people were? How did he find them? What had he done to them? Anna’s eyes settled on David’s, and she felt paralyzed with fear.
He pursed his lips. “I do believe you heard me the first time, but I will repeat myself for effect: John Watson was not your biological father.”
, there was the man who had turned his life upside down, come back from the dead to do it again. John had resisted it, at first. He’d have much rather pretended that Sherlock was still dead, so that he could keep on with the life he’d managed to piece together. But ultimately, he had to go back. They belonged together, the two of them.
Mary seemed a little bewildered by the intensity of Sherlock’s good mood. “It was lovely,” she said. “John’s parents were wonderful.”
,” he heard the other man gasp, and suddenly realized that Sherlock hadn’t made any noise yet, aside from a few heavy breaths.
We went over to the bed and sat down on the edge. Both our trousers were still undone, and John, at least, was still breathing a little roughly. I heard his breath hitch more than once as he tried to start speaking but then stopped himself.
Why hadn’t I thought of that? The timid virgin. It was absolutely perfect. “I don’t want to disappoint you,” I said, feigning guilt.
Anna and Molly stepped out of the theater just as the rain starting coming down, and Molly put up an umbrella for them to walk under while they traveled to their car a few blocks away. “What did you think of the film?” she asked, huddling underneath it as they splashed down the street.
It was not that far to the cabin but it was far enough for Sherlock’s half-conscious weight to be nearly unbearable and John’s bones to ache with the cold of the water and the snow.
“Oh my God.” Mary dropped her drink, didn’t flinch as the stem broke from the base and the champagne inside splashed across the floor.
Mycroft sighed again and sat back in his chair. “’To everything there is a season,’ as they say. I suppose there is a time for lies, but there is also a time for the truth…. And the time for truth is nigh.”
Sherlock sighed again. “He was…” he trailed off, as if searching for the right description and not finding it. He took a deep breath. “It’s never been easy for me to explain my feelings. I can explain everything else, but I can’t explain that.”
“Ba-ba-ba!” she babbled, reaching a hand toward the window. Sherlock turned to open it and let the snow in.
said Sherlock’s practical voice in her brain. It was something he’d said to her many times and would no doubt say now if she were to voice her opinion on Mary’s situation… it was just that sometimes, none of the available choices were very good. What would have been the right thing for Mary to do, when she found out the British government’s plans for her and her father? Kill him and lead them to the treasure, or go rogue to keep it with its rightful owner? Mary had done a lot of terrible things and teamed up with a lot of terrible people to get where she was…. Could it all be justified if the treasure escaped the government’s grasp?
with that crime. Scolded, threatened, grounded, but never legally charged. If he had, he’d probably have gotten worse, become a criminal. He’d be milling about in some prison cell right now, certainly
. “Erm,” he started, “it’s where you pretend the spoon is an… an airplane…” John suddenly realized how ridiculous it sounded. “And you buzz your lips together, a bit, and say something like, ‘Open up, here it comes!’”
He rolled over to bury his face in the back of John’s neck, smelling his skin, feeling the bristle of John’s short haircut on his forehead. John backed up against him, spooning, and Sherlock slid his arm slowly over the small of John’s back and ran his fingers delicately under the elastic of his pants. John rutted up against him in response, sending a surge of blood down between his legs, and he began to kiss John’s neck, lightly, teasing him, brushing his lips against the underside of his jaw, his earlobe, and John breathed out a word, “
“No, no,” Sherlock told him. “Really, I’d just like to sleep a while. Why don’t you go for a walk, go see some of your… you know… doctor friends.”
Sherlock stepped up to the front door of a large, well-kept home in the middle of a quiet neighborhood just outside of town. The surroundings were friendly enough;
“Yes,” says John. “Yes, I’m fucking you. I’m fucking you, Sherlock.” He feels the thing coil farther down, wringing out his insides all the way from his throat to his groin. “God, I’m fucking you.”
I stared at him blankly. I had absolutely nothing. We’d been here for five minutes, and all I’d managed to do was state the obvious. On a normal day, I would have had at least eight theories ready to go.
Mycroft looked up at his brother in confusion. “Tossing wh—“ He stopped abruptly, and his eyes grew wide and his face white. “NO!” His voice crackled with rage. “NO! STOP HER!” He rounded frantically on Sherlock and John, knowing full well that they were as powerless as he. “Tell her to stop!”
“John—“ Sherlock flew towards him, checking his pulse; still beating. Sherlock put the back of his hand to John’s putrid mouth; still breathing. He sighed, his adrenaline dissipating. “For God’s sake, John,” he muttered. He shrugged off his coat and flung it on the couch, then squatted down to lift John out of the chair.
A test, isn’t that what Mycroft had said? Proof of loyalty. And here it was, standing in front of her.
The only time John had ever felt at home was the few short years he’d spent living with Sherlock Holmes.
He pulled back again. His lips were wet and pink and had gone crooked from the pressure of my own on them. “I’ve wanted... Sherlock.” His thumbs were hooked under my shirt, rubbing circles on my clavicle. He watched them, seemingly mesmerized. “I’ve wanted this for so long.”
The funeral wasn’t anything like Sherlock expected. He was used to people coming out of the woodwork for such events—he’d been faintly amused at the number of people he’d seen from a distance at his own funeral—but the number of people at John’s was astounding. Sherlock had felt lost in the sea of mourners; except for Molly and Mrs. Hudson and his own parents, no one came up to him to apologize for his loss, to check on the baby. He suspected none of them even knew Anna
“I think you’ll be wanting your father today,” she said, not turning around from the stove, and I smiled because she was still Mum, she still knew things without even having to look at you.
He was bloody, bruised, disheveled, hands chained to the wall, in as close to a fetal position as he could get. His eyes were watching Lestrade, piercing him, searching rapidly, as if only daring to believe what they were seeing. They filled with tears.
