“Thank you. It is a burden on my heart, a constant sorrow, but I carry on. Not a day goes by that I don’t think of my family.” He is kneeling now, working on the sleeves of the jacket. They will need to be let down to fit Sherlock’s long arms.
Sherlock’s stomach drops just a little bit more as he makes his way to the brightly lit house. Way too many people, way too loud. Maybe he can ask somebody where Molly is, say hi to her, and then hide in the bathroom. He could honestly say he’d spoken to two people. Just his luck, Molly, wearing a pink sundress and more makeup than usual, intercepts him immediately, hooks elbows with him, and refuses to let him loose.
Sherlock turns around, and for a moment he can’t find himself. It isn’t until he catches sight of his face in the mirror that he realizes it isn’t a mannequin or a life-size cutout, it’s him. He is...handsome. Elegant, even. He turns his head to look over his shoulder, and Molly and Martin nod.
persuasive. Nobody at the hospital knew about my...situation, except John and Molly. At least that’s what I thought…” He aims a frown in Molly’s direction. Wiggy follows the look and nods to himself as he realizes what happened.
The vibrations stop and Sherlock is looking at the plug open-mouthed. John extends his hand and takes it, then pushes back his chair and stands to give Sherlock a kiss while holding his chin between thumb and forefinger. “Go get me the aloe and the lube. First, I’m going to put some lotion on your sunburn, then you’re going to bend over the desk for me.”
“Sherlock, please call me right now. I’m worried. I need to know you’re all right. You’re fucking scaring me.”
“Yes, I keep tabs on him. He’s still in rehab, but he seems to be serious about getting better. He talks about you, you know.”
There is a long silence before he answers. “No, I guess not. But I...you...it hurts..., Sir. It hurts so much, and I don’t know how to make it stop. Why does everyone leave me?”
wants the heroin. He can practically hear it calling to him. He wants to float, and drift, and forget everything. It makes him think of that clown in the Stephen King movie, looking out from the storm drain.
“This young man is the smartest, most interesting person that I’ve ever met. One day, you’ll read about him. You’ll brag to your friends that you knew him. You will be ashamed of yourself for your small-minded bigotry. I pity you. I really do. I’m proud to call Sherlock Holmes my boyfriend and neither of us gives a toss what you and your little band of losers think.” John pulls Sherlock to him and plants a kiss on his lips, then turns and walks away with Sherlock in tow, leaving the girls speechless.
Sherlock cries out as John strikes his prostate over and over and he comes untouched. “Ah, ah, ah...I couldn’t…I couldn’t help it.”
Myc, who is seven years older than Sherlock, and already out of the house when their mother died, lives in Washington D.C., working for the government in some capacity that Sherlock does not quite understand. They rarely speak. After the funeral, Sherlock was left alone with his father. Never affectionate or even accessible, he withdrew further from his youngest son and tried to drink away his grief.
John is behind him and then there is a hand on his hip, and it slides around to his belly as another one grasps the plug and gives it a tug.
It feels strange. Almost wrong. He should be the one on his hands and knees, not John. He should be the one getting fucked. He likes it. He knows he likes it. He doesn’t know if he’s going to like
John shakes his head. “Never mind. It doesn’t matter.” Clearly trying to change the subject, he goes on. “Now that we’ve gotten the renegotiation out of the way, that leaves the part of red hour, or in this case, red day, that serves as a transition back into the contract.” He quirks an eyebrow in Sherlock’s direction.
“I was hoping it wouldn’t come to this, but on we go,” Moriarty said, snapping his fingers. The bald guard handed him a black velvet drawstring bag. Moriarty shook the bag and held it up so that everyone could see it.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, getting into the back seat and trying to act like this is something he does every day.
Beefy pulled a bottle from his pocket, and Molly stood up to take it and the blanket, stepping close to him and extending her hand. “Thank you ever so much. She’s a sweet old woman, and I hate to see her suffer. We are so grateful.” She smiled up at him through her lashes.
“I have some, thank you. I just prefer not to take them when I need to think. I’d rather just endure it than slow down my brain.”
Wiggy looks confused. “What’s wrong with Mark Twain?” Sherlock and Pete look at him for a second, then Sherlock puts his hand on his shoulder and says, “I’ll tell you later.”
Sherlock hands it over as casually as he can and quickly puts his headphones back on. Sure enough, he sees John frowning as he flips through the pages. But then he picks up his pen and begins to write, and Sherlock relaxes and goes back to the video. The story is pretty weird, and the sopranos are annoying sometimes, but it holds his attention, partly because he knows that John loves it, partly because he knows his mom would be proud of how he’s stretching himself, partly because the music is complex and new and challenging. He’s lost in it when John comes up behind him and puts a hand on his shoulder. When he turns around, it’s not to the smile he was hoping for. John taps the headphones and Sherlock takes them off and turns around
“OK, then. Let’s just sit here.” He pulls Sherlock onto his lap and gently pushes his head down to rest on his shoulder.
Sherlock chews his lip as he considers the question. The collar isn’t just a piece of leather; it has a deeper meaning, and he’s felt this from the beginning. Finally, he says, “It reminds me that I belong to you, that you promised to take care of me. It’s like wearing our contract on my body. It makes me feel safe. And reminds me to be...you know, to think about the rules. And...and...it, um...it makes me feel wanted...and oh, John, it’s been so long since I’ve felt like somebody wanted me. And I don’t just mean the sex stuff. That’s part of it. But, like in general…” He struggles to find the words to describe how he feels, that it’s about being wanted for his whole self, not just his body, but sees in John’s eyes that he understands. Of course, he does. John understands him better than he understands himself.
MH:     You’ll be fine. Just remember to send the ball back when someone talks to you. Call me tomorrow and tell me all about it.
John leads him to the bed and pulls back the covers. Sherlock gets in, and John kisses the damp curls on his forehead. “Sleep, sweet boy.” Soon Sherlock hears the shower in the master bath. He snuggles into the soft sheets and sighs. He is so tired. He aches all over, and so much has happened. He dozes off but wakes when he feels John slip into bed. He’s lying on his side, and John scoots up behind him and slides his arm around his waist. Sherlock can feel the soft cotton of his T-shirt, and his breath warm against his shoulder. “Do you want…” Sherlock begins.
Sherlock loses track of the conversation again and shifts against the rope. He rolls his shoulders, and it increases the tension in his elbows. He tries to pull his wrists apart and feels the pentagram splitting one breast from the other. When he bends his neck, the coil slides against his spine. He twists a little and the rope gives, the way Annie said it would; a deep breath and there’s friction against his ribs. It makes his body seem like more than just its parts and he thinks of how it’s all interconnected.
“Mycroft is a pompous power-hungry asshole, but I can’t believe that he’d take part in hijacking an airplane, but the way he reacted…and the fact that he’s not here… He’s not a criminal. But nothing is making sense. I can’t figure it out, and I don’t like that. I always figure things out.”
"Visited the crime scene, spent most of the day at Barts, then met with Lestrade on the case again."
Victor. In general, he tries not to think too much about Victor, but the memories are pushing their way up from the corner of his brain where he keeps them hidden. He lights a cigarette and lies back on his bed, closing his eyes. Victor moved in three doors down when Sherlock was ten. In the same grade as Sherlock, he was a freckled, redheaded boy with a quick wit and a cheery disposition. Sherlock is not sure why they became friends. Victor was outgoing and athletic, while Sherlock was introverted and preferred to play with his chemistry set or LEGO, and doing these things alone suited him fine.
John shoots him a withering look, then turns to Sherlock. “Your brother’s upset. You scared him. You scared me. How are you feeling?” he says as he pulls up a chair and sits by the bed.
Wiggy picks up the questioning. “So you don’t know your supplier’s name, but you talked to him on the phone to set up the drops, right?”
After Sherlock is inside, John locks the door and pushes him roughly against the counter’s edge. Hands roam over his back and ass as they kiss with a hungry ferocity, and a thrill runs down Sherlock’s spine as John’s teeth close on his lower lip.
“Jim was bragging about an anatomy course he’d taken that spring. The way John explained it, part of the final exam consists of students visiting different stations. Each station has a dummy with anatomical features marked with colored pins. The student writes down the name of the parts associated with each colored pin. Before leaving each station, Jim would switch the pins so that the students coming after him would get it wrong.  He was laughing about it.”
The driver meets his eyes in the rearview mirror and shrugs. “I’m paid to drive, not talk. You should ask him.”
Sherlock grins and hikes himself up on hands and knees, wiggling his ass and hoping to tempt John into exactly that. He’s disappointed to not receive so much as a pinch for his efforts.
John watches Sherlock resist the urge to scowl, then leans down and kisses him on the forehead. “First things first. Before the end of the day, you’re going to enroll yourself in a summer class. I’ve printed a list that you can choose from. We’ll look at it over breakfast. You’ll be writing letters of apology to Myc, Ms. Hudson, and Molly and her parents for worrying them all to death. I will be making up a list of your daily responsibilities, and we’ll go on from there. Come. Breakfast.”
After a few minutes of rubbing and spanking, not hard enough to hurt much, but enough to make his skin warm, John steps away. Sherlock assumes that he is picking up the red and black whip and he holds his breath and tugs a bit at the cuffs. Being so completely restrained and vulnerable isn’t scary but thrilling. Having chosen to be at the mercy of someone he loves and trusts is so
Hastily, John returned the items to the box and returned it to the shelf. After tossing the trunks into the suitcase and securing it with a bright yellow security strap, he hesitated. Then he took the box down again and dug through it. He took out the knife because, why not? You can never be too prepared.
But now, he can’t think of anything that’s brought him so much pleasure—not even drugs. Bottoming for John has been one of the best experiences of his life. Yet he’s haunted by lingering insecurities and the faint echoes of so many cruel words.
“I wasn’t so sure myself. But there it is.” He shows it to her. “And Hudders got me a scholarship. Just a small one.” He looks down and blushes.
“Shirt pocket,” John whispers, and Sherlock’s hands search blindly to find the lube bottle. John’s lips are on his neck and then the shell of his ear as he uncaps it.
But Sherlock, after giving John a wounded look that sends a stab of pain through his heart, has already fled down the hallway.
John’s lips pressed against his is the perfect culmination of what Sherlock has experienced tonight. This simple kiss. Tenderness after the violence of the spanking. John’s tongue slips between his lips and Sherlock meets it with his own. Here, in John’s arms, everything recedes into irrelevance: his dad, the hateful kids at school, his future. He is spent and wants nothing but to be held and kissed, then realizes suddenly that John might be expecting something of him. He places a hand on the bulge in John’s jeans.
Sherlock was grateful that all of the attention was focused on the competitors and that no one would see his flushed face or dilated pupils.
“Yes, Sir. Sorry, I don’t know what happened.” He takes a quick inventory and realizes he doesn’t feel quite as well as he thought. “Just...tired. Maybe getting a cold or something.”
“You are wrong, Sarah, about everything. You think you have something on me. You don’t. Sherlock is an adult and not my student. I’m proud to be in a relationship with him and It’s no secret. I’ve never broadcast my personal life, but there isn’t anything I’ve done that I’m ashamed of. And even if there were, this summer gig I’ve got? I’d give it up in a heartbeat for him.” As he is speaking, he reaches into his pocket and withdraws the phone, ignoring the internal voice,
“Right. Got it.” She holds her camera up and places it ostentatiously on the coffee table. She gathers the last of the bundles of rope, stuffs them in the duffel bag, and heads for the door. “Sherlock, it was an absolute joy. Johnny, delightful as ever.”
“Sherlock! I told you! No spending money on me. I have everything I want right here.” John places a hand on his thigh and squeezes.
Sherlock nods to himself, but responds to John out loud. “Please,” deep breath, “please punish me, Sir.”
“No, not afraid that way. He makes me feel safe. And good. So good. I mean like, even a good person.” He feels a bit of heat on his cheeks. “But he’s only here for the summer.”
They continued slowly down the corridor to where John had parted ways with the others. Sherlock was breathing heavily but insisted that he was all right. On the other side of the door was a long staircase.
As they walk towards Ms. Hudson’s house, the crowd grows thicker and thicker. Downtown Columbus is usually sleepy on the weekends when all the businesses are closed, but this Saturday the sidewalks and streets are brimming with parade goers. Sherlock is utterly amazed by the variety of people and colors and music all around. There are families with strollers, men wearing impossibly high heels, glitter, rainbow flags, rainbow shirts, butch lesbians on motorcycles, topless women
“Everyone would see. People might know,” Sherlock says, thinking about classrooms, about walking down the street, about buying a coffee at Starbucks. Hanging out with Molly. With Wiggy.
Grasping the hem of his shirt, he pulls it over his head. The move elicits some cheering and cat-calls from the parade watchers and he feels heat rise up his neck to his cheeks.
. He lines all the packages up on the bed. Six. One for each birthday from age fourteen to age eighteen, plus the one for graduation. Six presents from his mom that had lain in the attic, not twenty feet from him for the last five years. And his dad had forgotten. How could he have forgotten something so important? How could he not have realized how much these would have meant to him? He frowns as the familiar resentment surfaces, but he forces himself to remember his dad’s anguish, and the apologies, and the surprise L-word yesterday in the lobby. And to consider what his mother would want. He pushes the feeling aside and tries to focus on the positive. He has six gifts to open!
“Oh, Sherlock, you’ve had to deal with so much. This is one burden you don’t have to carry. This falls under Rule five, hurtful self-criticism. Promise me you’ll work on letting it go. And don’t think you can’t talk about it with me. About him. We’ll work on it together. I love you, Sherlock. What happened in the past won’t change that.”
The next few come in a rhythm and leave him writhing in the cuffs, grunting with each burning strike and hissing out his thank-yous between clenched teeth. It’s exactly like being snapped with a towel—if the towel were on fire and tipped with razor blades.
John moves further down, using his mouth all over Sherlock’s heated skin. He nudges his penis aside with his cheek and licks up the pre-come that has dripped onto his belly. He kisses the tip of Sherlock’s cock and then every inch of it, and licks the crease between his leg and belly.
Sherlock has wiped the tear from his cheek and now feels calm and more confident. “Yes. It’s what I want. It’s a dream come true. And I might get into Cambridge University. I can hardly believe it, Dad. Cambridge!”
He has the sudden urge to go to John’s side, his rightful place, give his best icy stare, and show this intruder, this
“Good luck, kid! It was nice knowin’ you. Hope I never see you again...if you know what I mean,” Wiggy says.
“He can talk, although his throat is sore from the breathing tube. He can have ice chips whenever he wants them. He’ll be our guest for at least a few more days, unlucky for him but lucky for me.” She winked at Sherlock. “He’s a pistol. I enjoy patients like him.”
“Charles Darwin is buried in your special church?” Sherlock says incredulously.  “That’s rather ironic.”
“I’m right here, be more specific,” John says, as his hand massages Sherlock’s cock through the fabric of his shorts.
“I’m not sure, but I’ve got a hunch. The blood work will tell us a lot, including whether you’ve been honest with me about being clean. But before we talk further, you are going to eat something.” She holds up a bottle of juice, a protein bar, and a package of chocolate cookies. There’s a whirring sound and the head of the bed rises until he’s sitting up. He shifts around a bit while Doctor Hunter opens up the package and hands him a cookie, which he stuffs whole into his mouth and washes down with juice. He didn’t realize how hungry he was, and he does feel better.
He puts his tight pants back on, hoping they’ll keep him contained, and picks up his phone on the way to the kitchen. His father has left him coffee, thank god, and he reaches for his cigarettes—
Sherlock turns this over in his mind. He knows John has had other partners, but until now that has been an abstraction. It is quite another thing to hear John talk about having sex with someone else
She furrows her brow slightly, then her eyes widen, and she looks like she’s trying to suppress a giggle.
“Being naked around me will make you very self-conscious. And that’s what I want you to be at the moment—conscious of your real self: your feelings, desires, acceptance or rejection of what I’m asking of you. I want you to remember that you can terminate the contract whenever you wish. I’m not going to withdraw my support from you. You’re welcome to stay as long as you need to—as long as I’m here, but if you are going to be submissive to me, then this is what I’m asking from you right now.”
in the very depths of his soul that Sherlock was telling him the truth. Sherlock was a master of deceit and manipulation, but at that moment, looking at Sherlock’s stricken face and in those amazing verdigris eyes, John just knew, and his anger ebbed, replaced by something just as raw. "I'm still angry," he said.
“No, I’ve got a bus pass. I’ll be fine.” Wiggy has taken the hint and is already moving toward the front door, looking back at Sherlock nervously. “See ya, man. Thanks for the movie.”
“Yes. That’s what I mean. Paddling isn’t the only way for me to punish you. You broke the rules and disregarded your commitment to my authority. There will be consequences. Your brother and I agree that you need more structure, and being in a dom/sub relationship means we would be increasing that intensity as well. Given what’s happened, we’re going to be moving more quickly than I would have preferred, but there’s nothing for it. Having you naked should remind you of your place in the agreement.”
.” Sherlock points at the whiteboard. “It’s been forever, and I have to look at those tally marks every damn day. It’s making me crazy. Will you just punish me already?”
The hemp is rougher, but not at all abrasive. There’s a bit less elasticity to it, but he imagines he might still be able to stretch it some. It has a distinctive odor, earthy but not unpleasant. The color is a boring tannish oatmeal.
“Good.” John reaches across the table for a folder and takes out a sheet from the collection of papers. “Take a look here. These are the classes you can choose from. Once you’ve picked, you can start on the paperwork. You’ll need Myc’s help for some of it.” He hands Sherlock the folder with the list on top. “Tomorrow, I’ll drop you off at the registrar so you can enroll. Then you’ll come meet me at my office.”
“More’s the pity. Shall we order appetizers and then discuss why you’re working in a tack shop? I recommend the baked clams with the arugula salad. How does that sound?”
My Head hurts most, then my back. My hand and my ribs are a tie. May I have another Oxy? Maybe two this time.
Removing his fingers, he picks up the black silicone plug. Bigger than the last one but still not nearly as big as John. He blushes a little as he thinks of John’s penis and how much he likes it. Sliding into him, filling him, taking him either gently or roughly. He’s jolted from his thoughts by the alarm on his watch. He’d set it for fourteen minutes so that he wouldn’t be late. When John says fifteen minutes, he means fifteen minutes.
“Is this the British version of a fraternity pin?” Sherlock grinned. “Does this mean we’re going steady?”
“Eleven, thank you, Sir. Twelve, thank you, Sir.” Sherlock’s elbows unlock and it’s only John’s quick grab around his waist that keeps him from collapsing to his knees.
Sherlock shifts and turns to face John, bringing his fingers back to his shoulder to feel the imprint. It’s personal in a way that is different from the marks of the crop or paddle and symbolizes their relationship more intimately. And, after their conversation on the sofa, it means so much more. He belongs to John and John is his. His dom. His boyfriend. His lover. “I hope so,” he says, and John kisses him.
Sherlock is silent for a while, unsure of what to say. He doesn’t want to talk about Victor, but there is a part of him that longs to bring it all out into the open. He’s never talked about what happened with anyone, not about what
John kisses the hollow above his collarbone, his hand moving up his triceps and forearm over the fading track marks, to interlace his fingers with Sherlock’s for a moment before sliding back down to his chest. There is no contact other than John’s lips and fingertips against his skin. Sherlock is panting now. “Please,” he says again. He’s afraid he might scream it soon.
A shadow passed over Sherlock’s features, and he turned away, crossing his arms and staring out of the window. “No, thank you.” John was bewildered. Had he offended the man by offering the biscuits? Sherlock said no more and continued to stare out into the clouds.
He remembers last night, his second night here with John. Feeling safe, cared for, and protected. He’d woken several times during the night and lain there just watching John sleeping next to him, concentrating on the places where their bodies touched: a foot, a forearm, a fingertip. Feeling the warmth of John’s skin and watching the rise and fall of his chest. Satisfied that it wasn’t a dream, he had drifted back into dreamless sleep each time. He has a vague recollection of lips brushing his, and a murmured, “Goodbye 'till later, sweet boy.”
After John had helped Sherlock clean their mingled semen from his stomach, John switched off the light and climbed under the covers beside him, propping himself on one elbow. “How do you feel?”
“Dinner?” Was Sherlock inviting him to dinner? The man went from hot to cold to hot again at the drop of a hat.
The doorman calls up at up at six fifty-seven and Sherlock sees John look at the clock with a pleased expression on his face. He nods to himself, just as pleased, and tells the doorman to let him up. When Wiggy gets to the door, however, Sherlock berates himself for his stupidity—Wiggy is staring at the floor, embarrassed and wearing the same clothes he was in that morning. And while they were in jail together. And they smell like it.
become friends. Victor never seemed to mind Sherlock’s social awkwardness and laughed it off when Sherlock said something insensitive instead of being offended. He would listen attentively as Sherlock excitedly explained to him, in words that flowed so fast from his mind that it was hard for his mouth to keep up, about his latest experiment, or the details of exactly how a rocket works, which he'd learned from
Slowly, he led Sherlock down the corridor until he found the bathroom. He turned on the tap, and Sherlock bent over the sink and drank from it in great gulps until he had had enough, and then dropped onto the toilet, slumped over and hugging himself, still shivering violently.
“Dude, I told you I’m done with that shit. You were very convincing, and I’m not gonna give you any reason to come back here and go all Rambo on me. There’s cops in and outa here 24/7 anyway! None of the kids show up anymore! I don’t know how the hell you did it man, but they won’t leave me alone!”
“We’ve got to get moving,” John said to the room. “If we can make it out of this building and to the outside, maybe we can find a road or people or
He flips through the book wistfully before putting it aside. The magnifying glass, though...It might come in handy. He sets the glass carefully on top of the book and picks up the second box, about eight inches square. Again, the card accompanying the gift is not a traditional birthday card. On the front of the card is a photograph of a bird. A blackbird. His “spirit animal,” their inside joke. He opens it anxiously. Wanting more of her words and hoping he hasn’t failed to live up to them the way he felt he had with the other card.
Yeah. I don’t blame you. I wouldn’t want to talk to me either. I was an asshole.” His eyes open wide and he looks at John. “Sorry, Doctor Watson.”
“You’re such a child,” Sherlock teases. John, usually the stoic grown-up, had almost been bouncing, checking off items on lists stuck all over the refrigerator. His excitement was contagious, and Sherlock had had trouble concentrating on the last assignment for his class. The professor had asked for a personal essay to answer the question: Have your views of homosexuality changed as a result of this course? Why or why not? Support your answer with examples from the texts we studied.
Sherlock hurls the pillow he’s been holding across the room, knocking over a table lamp, which crashes to the floor. John wouldn’t cheat on him, he knows this. So why does he feel so miserable?
Sherlock explains the technique, and how Ms. Hudson sends him articles and studies she thinks he might be interested in, cancer research, pain management, and other topics.
“Well, if you ever want to talk—about anything, please call me. Tell me your number now.” She puts it into her phone and calls him to make sure he has hers as well.
John touches Sherlock’s cheek. “I said I’d take care of you and I will. But as soon as you are able, I expect you to get to work, understood?”
They hear steps coming down the corridor and the rise and fall of other prisoners’ voices as they pass each cell. A tall, broad-shouldered black police officer, who appears to outweigh the two of them put together, comes into view. Drops of sweat are speckled across his dark skin, and he takes a bandana out of his pocket to wipe them off his forehead.
There is a cushion on the floor next to John’s seat, and he leads Sherlock to it. “This isn’t a punishment. I’d like to feed you. I want you to understand that I have as much responsibility to you as you do to me. This is one way for me to show you. So, please kneel for me.” Sherlock kneels as John sits. “Are you comfortable?”
Instead, he says, “I graduate in two weeks. It’s a Saturday...” and lets it hang there between them, reluctant to ask.
The first call comes on Sunday, noon. To the minute. Precise. He likes that in a sub. The call doesn’t connect. He didn’t really expect it to. He doesn’t return the call, though he could. There’s no rush. It’s always better to let them take their time. John will not pressure him. This way, there will be no question later about consent. Sherlock has to come to him freely, out of his own desire. The phone rings at four. Precisely. He lets it ring three times, to be sure. He clicks on but stays silent. Sherlock stutters. Already.
Eventually, Sherlock let’s go and steps away, drawing the back of his hand across his eyes. They both remember Wiggy and turn to look for him. He hasn’t moved. He is still standing there, hands full and a big goofy smile on his face. “I...um... Should I leave?”
John slides the tip up and down over Sherlock’s entrance. “So all the people down there will see you getting fucked? So they’ll see your collar and know that you belong to me?”
After he'd left the room, Sherlock went to his laptop and pulled up the online scheduling program for John's surgery that he'd hacked into. He confirmed that the last appointment tomorrow was for a routine examination. He'd call the patient, Ms Margaret Heatherstone, tomorrow afternoon and tell her it would need to be rescheduled. Then he'd cancel the appointment.
He wanted to tell Sherlock to stop arguing. Arguing would only make things worse. The best thing to do was to keep calm and fight back only when there was a chance you could actually win. In his mind, he was already throttling Moriarty with his bare hands—to hell with the knife. He wanted to feel the man’s life leave his body with the intimacy that only strangling him would deliver.
He sighs and pulls out his phone. John had said “one of your friends” like there were dozens of them he could choose from. When he looks at his contact list, there are exactly five numbers in it: John, Mycroft, Molly, Ms. Hudson, and Wiggy.
“No, I didn’t hurt him, Sherlock, although I wanted to. Wanted to wring his neck for selling you that poison. And for endangering who knows how many others. But I think his selling days are over. I was very convincing.”
“So, we could just go back to the garage and wait for Daniel to escort him out. Why don’t we do that?” John tugs on Sherlock’s hand to turn him towards the elevator, but Sherlock resists.
The keys to the cuffs must have been on the other key ring, the one that was now in Martha’s pocket.
He hooks his thumbs in the waistband of the boxers and slides them down John’s hips to the floor, and John kicks them aside. They are standing naked, just inches apart. Sherlock can hear their breathing, synchronized, and unnaturally loud in the otherwise silent room as he waits for instruction. The temptation to lean in and kiss him is almost too much to resist.
by Edmund White and though it’s a fictionalized autobiography, he is drawn in immediately. A gay teenager from the Midwest—what’s not to like? By the time John gets home, he is halfway through the book, even though he only had to read the first three chapters. He answers his greeting with a grunt and John has to take the computer out of his hands to get his full attention. Sherlock apologizes, brings John his collar and makes up for it with a wet and dirty kiss that has John gripping his hair with one hand and grabbing his ass with the other.
John takes Sherlock straight back to the condo. They don’t talk much until they are sitting on the sofa, Sherlock leaning his head against John’s shoulder.
“Dad, stop it, I don't... Just shut up!” Sherlock says angrily as he stalks from the kitchen to his room, puts the chair under the doorknob, and paces back and forth a few times in the small space between his desk and the door. Then he sits on the edge of his bed and picks up a framed photo from his bedside table. A pretty woman in a white sundress and curly-headed boy in an orange T-shirt smile out from the picture. She’s standing behind him with her arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders. Her hair is blowing in the breeze, and the waves of Lake Erie are visible behind them. It was taken when Sherlock was eleven on a rare weekend trip to the lake.  Before she got sick. He thinks he can remember how it felt that day to be hugged against her soft body. He’s not sure it’s a real memory or one he constructed from looking at the picture. It doesn’t matter. He traces a finger across her face and whispers, “Mom, it’s not your fault.”
“Oh, for God’s sakes. Do shut up,” boomed a deep voice, and silence fell over the room as everyone turned and looked at Sherlock.
John looks thoughtful for a moment. “Sherlock, you see the difference between what they did to Molly tonight and what we’re doing, don’t you?
John’s eyes soften as they look at each other for a long moment, and Myc clears his throat. They look at him, somewhat startled that he’s still in the room. He’s clearly going for a look of annoyance but fails miserably when his stern expression morphs into one that is almost tender.
“You look well. Such a figure. Tall. Slender. Graceful. A tailor’s dream. And those cheekbones!  I still want to use you as a model. Why haven’t you come by the shop?”
“No, not that. I mean, yeah, I’d like to hear about that sometime, but it’s not what I was wondering just now.”
Sherlock obeys and John hooks a finger in the ring of the collar, pulling him forward and leaning in until their faces are just inches apart.
Eventually, he removes his hand from his mouth, but it remains open as he breathes heavily, heart still pounding.
John kisses his forehead and says, “Let’s see if I can make you even happier. Kneel up.” John spreads his legs and Sherlock settles between them. “Now then, it looks like you could use some attention yourself," John says.
Will’s eyes were boring into him, waiting. Right then, John knew that Will was waiting for him to make a move. Either to release him and say goodnight or to kiss him. And John knew which one he himself wanted. Still looking into Will’s eyes, John slid his hand from Will’s mouth to rest on his shoulder. Will’s perfect lips parted, and the pink tip of his tongue appeared and touched his top lip in seductive invitation.
“Not today, Satan. We have guests coming. There’s coffee and a waffle and some fruit waiting for you as soon as you’re done in the loo. We have to finish decorating!”
John’s tongue goes to work, circling Sherlock’s rim, nipping around the edges, and then dipping inside. Somewhere in the middle of the overwhelming sensations, Sherlock remembers that he had objections to this and scoffs at his own ignorance. The only thing that could be better is—
” according to the sign, and funnel cakes. They had perused the booths selling all manner of Pride merchandise and John had purchased a blanket with a rainbow design that he now carries under his arm. Molly texted that she was safely home from her date with Jim, which was a relief to both of them.
John rolls up his own magazine and takes the challenge. They parry around the living room jabbing and slashing until finally, they fall giggling back onto the sofa and John envelops him in a bear hug.
His eyes on Daniel, George continues. “...and I’m sober, three weeks now. I’m gonna get my red one next week.”  He stands up straight and looks Sherlock in the eye. “And one of the steps, um, Step Eight, is to make a list. Of all the people you’ve hurt.” He looks away and slumps again. “And, Sherlock. You are at the top of that list. You—” He stops to clear his throat.
Fifteen minutes later Sherlock is escorted to an examining room in the infirmary. Officer Gregson stands at the door, arms crossed over his broad chest while the doctor, a middle-aged woman with an auburn braid hanging down her back and a badge that reads
Thursday is almost a repeat: household chores, his shift at Rod’s, exercise. John adds in a minimum guitar practice, which he loves and SAT Reading and Writing practice, which he hates. He’s meticulous about eating and makes a quick grocery trip to look for snacks that might actually tempt him. He leaves them on the bar so John will notice.
Shocked, he reads it again. And a third time. He drops it to the bed and, elbows on his knees, steeples his hands under his chin before sliding them up to comb through his curls.
Sherlock was taken to Massachusetts General and John to the CIA field office in Boston. There he was debriefed by Agent Lestrade, an amiable, middle-aged man, and his assistant, Agent Donovan, a serious woman with an air of professional superiority. They questioned him thoroughly about the hijacking and all that had happened after.
“Alright then, go gather your things and set them on the breakfast bar.” Sherlock tries not to groan thinking of the hard metal chairs. He moves around the condo, tense, expecting the buzz to intensify at any moment. He knows he’s walking awkwardly but decides he doesn’t care. As he’s rummaging in his book bag, the buzzing stops, much to his surprise, and he takes the moment to squat, searching for some notes he had scribbled on a few scraps of paper. Sure enough, as soon as he straightens up again, the vibrations hit like the drop of a roller coaster, and he has to lean against the wall to stay upright.
“That’s enough!” John exclaims, slamming an open hand on the bar. “Can we please stop the bickering and have a constructive conversation? Myc, that was uncalled for, and I think you owe your brother an apology.”
Nevertheless, the notes to Molly and her parents and to Ms. Hudson are fairly easy. Sincere, even. He re-reads hers before he puts it in the envelope.
to come. He looks so handsome, his hair mussed, damp with perspiration, and is giving him a smile that makes Sherlock’s heart flutter. He breathes in, as deeply as his ribs will allow, trying to memorize the scent of sweat and musk and come.
John lets go of Sherlock and sits back in the chair, rubbing the stubble on his chin.  “Your—'father'
Nothing pans out. John has driven by all the spots he knows but no one has seen Sherlock or the truck.  Sherlock isn’t answering his phone, and, after an hour, he calls Myc who asks him to come to the house to wait, worry, and talk. Molly's parents have taken her home, although she hadn't wanted to go. John  picks up takeout on his way, and when he arrives he is taken aback by the condition of the house. It is clean but dilapidated and has clearly seen better days. Myc, seeing his expression, says apologetically, “I didn’t know it had gotten so bad. He never said…”
Awkwardly, he returns the embrace. He’s still not used to hugging anyone but John. Her body is comforting, soft against him, and she smells good. He finds he doesn’t want to let her go. He squeezes tighter, no longer awkward. “Molly, I didn’t do it.”
Sherlock snuggles himself into John’s neck and says, “I feel fantastic. Except for my flaming ass." He stops giggling and is quiet for a moment before continuing. "It was...good, more than good. I don’t know what I was so afraid of. It was incredible to have you inside me that way, except I think I’m going to be sore. And it’s weird to feel your come leaking out of me.”
John raised his hands and walked backwards, glancing at the woman and giving her a reassuring look as he retreated toward his seat. His head was spinning. Not twenty minutes ago, he had been dozing off, thinking of dinner with the handsome stranger next to him, and now he was being threatened with a gun on a plane full of corpses. His first instinct had been to rush the man. And he had almost done it. He’d be bleeding out on the floor if he’d followed that impulse. Much better to retreat and assess the situation.
The room was pitch black and freezing cold, and as he stepped inside, a stench of urine and excrement assaulted his nostrils, and he recoiled from it.
A shower revives him and he feels a bit more like himself. After clearing a circle in the steamed up bathroom mirror, he turns his head and rubs his jaw. Following John’s instruction, he didn’t shave and his face has a shadow of stubble. It
Sherlock turns, and John runs his hands over Sherlock’s skin. The welts have faded somewhat, but the pattern that the cut-out paddle made is still visible. John’s hands on his body sets off a flood of warmth in his groin, and he feels his dick jump.
It’s not Sherlock’s voice, that’s all John can say for sure. It sounds like...thirsty something, and there’s music in the background, but the call cuts off and there’s nothing.
It works to wake him up. He sits up, and his fingers play around the edge of the leather. He’s forgotten all about it. He turns, and John unbuckles it, hands it to Sherlock, and says, “You’ll keep it in the drawer of the table by the front door. If I’m not home, you can put it on if you like. Otherwise, you’ll bring it to me when I get home and I’ll do it. It’s mine to take off of you. The only time you should take it off is to use it as a safeword. If you take it off, I’ll recognize it as a time-out from the contract, that there’s something we need to discuss or fix. How does that sound? Any questions or worries?”
With excruciating slowness, John made his way over Sherlock’s body, mindful of his many injuries. He nuzzled. He licked. He blew on the wet skin. He dipped his tongue in Sherlock's navel. He kissed eight fingers and ten toes. He touched. With his fingers, tongue and lips, he touched everywhere he could reach on Sherlock’s body except the place he knew his lover wanted it most. Sherlock’s cock lay flushed and hard over his lean belly, but John left it for last.
John gazes at him without speaking, eyes roaming all over his body. He feels so exposed, kneeling there silently, waiting for whatever it is that is coming. The silence continues, and Sherlock is starting to feel awkward. The rug is irritating under his bare knees. He wants to squirm, to ask John to just do whatever it is he’s going to do, but he doesn’t dare.
“He’s got a cracked rib, a bruised kidney, and some superficial wounds, as well as a nasty infection in his fingers. He’s in some pain, but I’m reluctant to prescribe opiates, even though he’s been very charmingly trying to convince me otherwise. She smiled at Sherlock again, and this time he scowled.
“Yeah, you heard right, but those days are over, dude. I’m sick of that joint, and I’m gettin’ a real job now! At least I’m tryin’. May even be able to get off the street.”
A rough hand in the middle of his back pushed Sherlock into another windowless room. This one was considerably more comfortable than the one in which he and the other captives had spent the night. Books lined the wood-panelled walls, and a cart with liquor bottles sat beside the upholstered sofa on which James Moriarty reclined, holding a glass of amber liquid. A long riding crop rested across his knees.
Ms. Hudson was always giving him things to read once he had told her he was interested in possibly doing some kind of pharmaceutical research someday, so maybe he could help people like his mom. This article showed promising evidence of the effectiveness of breathing techniques that produced profound increases in the release of epinephrine, which led to increased production of anti-inflammatory mediators and subsequent dampening of the proinflammatory cytokine response
“You two probably think you’re the bee’s knees,” Jim says, “hot shots in your little high school. But this is the big leagues. Everyone here is smart, and you are starting at the bottom, so you’d better get used to it.”
Sherlock steps through the door into an expensively appointed room with a fireplace, a leather sofa and a wall of windows overlooking the river.  He’s never been in a place like this before.
“Just food for thought,” John says, pulling the hem of the kilt from Sherlock’s fingers. “Now open your eyes and let’s get moving.”
write back. Jesus, I was only seventeen. And my family. My friends. They wouldn’t have understood. Hell, I didn’t even understand. It took me a long time to come out, Sherlock. It took me a long time to understand who I was. I wasn’t ready then. I know it’s no excuse. But it’s the truth.”
“Moll, it’s OK. Really. It’s not like you think. You don’t have to worry about me. Has anybody ever made me do anything I don’t want to do?”
“The crop. You sold it to me just over three weeks ago, and I believe it’s time that we tried it out. What you did was almost unforgivable, Sherlock. You belong to me, and I nearly lost you. That warrants a harsh punishment. Eighteen strokes. One for each year of the life you almost threw away. Tomorrow.”
Sherlock Holmes stands behind the counter of Rod’s Western Palace, thinking about what he is going to do after graduation next month. Where will he go when he is free of this tediousness? Away. Anywhere. Anywhere but Ohio. It is so damn boring here. He is certain that middle-western America is not where he belongs. The people here, at least the ones he knows in this small town, don't understand him; half the time he feels like a freak. He is meant for better things, his mom always told him so. Before she went and died and before he started screwing up. Europe sounds exciting but how could he ever hope to afford such a thing, a poor kid practically on his own? But he can dream, and he does.
“I don’t have any grievances. I mean I haven’t. Until...” John joins him, and together they say, “...now.”
“And now let’s all enjoy the fireworks!” exclaims John, stepping down from the coffee table as the first booms sound. As the guests move toward the windows and onto the balcony, John gestures for Sherlock and leads him to an open spot near the glass. Red light blooms in the sky, huge and sparkling, and it seems like it’s right outside the condo.
“No, just come with me." Myc makes another call. “Anthea, check footage from the intersections along Lane Avenue, between High and Tuttle Park. Yes, a pickup. No, I’ll wait.”
She is backed up against the wall, her mouth hanging open, hands clutching the fabric at the collar of her blouse. But her eyes are not on John and he follows her gaze. His phone must have fallen from his pocket at some point during the fight and it now lies on the concrete floor, equidistant between them. Her eyes flit to his, then back at the phone. They both lunge at the same time, but she has the advantage of being upright. She reaches it first and brings the heel of her shoe down upon it. Then again. It makes a crunching sound. Before she can stomp on it a third time, John seizes her ankle, and she goes down hard on her ass with a thump and a little squeal of pain.
Sherlock settled back onto what felt like a soft bed of pine needles, and John pulled the blanket up to his chin.
“Yes, sir. He’s down by the basketball court, checking on Dylan and his friends. Somebody called to say they had a case of beer.”
He takes a minute to think about the past Saturday, watching the sunset, being curled up next to John in bed, ass still hot and burning from the paddling, and warmth spreads through him, not helping the wood between his legs. He’d wanted to spend the night, but John had driven him home. He’d been feeling a little fuzzy and was glad that John had done it himself instead of sending him off with the nameless driver.
“But you managed thirty-nine. I’m very proud of you. I have no doubt that if you had been more focused, you would have beaten forty,” John says.
He pushes Sherlock to lean on the wall of the dressing room opposite the mirror. He undoes the button and then the zipper and lets the trousers fall to the floor. Sherlock sees his mouth drop open in the mirror. He’s so erect the head of his cock is peeping over the top of the waistband of his boxers.
Sherlock and Molly fill their trays and head for an empty table in a quiet corner of the busy cafeteria. When they sit, Sherlock makes a face as his sore ass and legs make contact with the hard plastic chair, and he sees comprehension register on Molly’s face. He thinks she’s going to comment, but instead, she says, “So, John lets you use his account for lunch?”
“You haven’t applied?” John’s hand drops from Sherlock’s shoulder, and he turns to face him, his expression dark.
Sherlock drops his boxers, and they join the rest of his clothing on the floor of his bedroom. He pulls on his blue robe and turns to see John leaning against the door frame, watching him. He extends his hand. Sherlock takes it, and they walk silently down the hallway toward John’s room. When they reach the chair, Sherlock undoes the silk belt, removes the robe, and, after folding it carefully, lays it on the chair. John unfastens his collar and places it atop the robe, then leads him through the bedroom and into the adjoining master bath.
“Yes, Sir.” As much as he grimaces at the thought of another paddle stroke, he feels a weird comfort in the thought that somebody cares enough to think about his self-esteem. ...
Reading his expression, she says, “OK, OK, I get it. You were my knight in shining armor, and I love you for it, but if you remember, I broke bones. You called me a badass.”
John brought him Lucky Charms and the newspaper each morning. Sherlock had eaten Lucky Charms for breakfast almost every day for as long as he could remember. It was his routine and, in his view, the only way to start the day properly.
He clears his throat. “Yes, Sir,” and toes off his shoes. Socks next. He begins to unbuckle his belt and turns his back on John and Annie as they point and talk about the photo in the album. He slides his pants down, steps out of them, and glances back over his shoulder. John and Annie are still engrossed in the album. Self-conscious, he can’t decide if he should turn to face them. Well,
again, but smiling this time at having to admit John was right. He feels pretty good about his essay too. It was one of the questions listed on the SparkNotes page. The question about Robert Frost's poem “Nothing Gold Can Stay.” Loss of innocence, Johnny wanting Ponyboy to make the most of his life, blah, blah, blah. His lit teacher, Mr. Anderson will eat it up.
Sherlock whimpers and takes himself with his right hand and begins stroking as John drives into him.
On the drive to the hospital, John held the mobile that had he found on the seat, staring at it. He had three calls to make, to his employer, to Harry, and to Mary. The first call was simple enough. The broad details of the hijacking and the names of the survivors were already common knowledge.
This time around the pressure builds so fast that Sherlock can’t wait for John’s instruction and he rips his hand away before John even realizes that his orgasm is cresting.
John tries for an uppercut, but the custodian lunges at him, and they topple over together. He almost blacks out for a split-second as his head connects with the concrete floor but recovers, a little bit foggy.
“I have a present for you,” he begins. “It’s not much. It’s…I wrote you a song.”  Suddenly, he’s sure this is a mistake. That the song is awful. That John will feel like he has to pretend to like it. He rubs his face and looks away. “It’s not very good.”
John reaches into the basket of bread and breaks a slice in half. He dips a piece lavishly in the dish of seasoned olive oil and holds it out to Sherlock, the other piece held underneath to catch the drips. “Angelo’s nephew is the family baker. Try it.” He smiles and waits expectantly. Sherlock lifts his hand to take it, but John opens his mouth slightly and lifts his chin and Sherlock mimics the movements, leaning forward to allow John to place the tidbit gently in his mouth. Some oil winds up on Sherlock’s lower lip, and his tongue slips out to wipe it off. He reaches for his napkin and dabs to make sure it’s gone. When he looks back at John, he sees him staring directly at that lip, eyes narrowed as if he were angry that Sherlock robbed him of the opportunity to do it himself.
“Go on and rub them a little more, softly, around them, across the tops. That's it. It feels good doesn’t it, yeah?” Sherlock gulps in a rush of oxygen and John nods knowingly. “We’re going to be paying those more attention in the future, sweet boy. Now, give your cock a squeeze at the bottom and start sliding your hand up and down again. Do you need more slick? OK, then, speed up...yes, that's it. Squeeze a little more, and give a twist up at the top, right under the head…”
special Sherlock. I’ve only known you for a few weeks, but I see it.” John begins to spread the aloe on Sherlock’s chest. “Myc and I have agreed that you’ll be staying here for now.”
“One each day, until you come to your senses,” Moriarty had said while watching his torture with a cigar and a glass of Macallan 1926. Sherlock could see the glowing end of that cigar in his mind’s eye and could remember how it had felt against the skin of his bicep, his chest, and his testicles.
“There’s beer and whiskey in the woods. C’mon, that’s where I was going.” Still holding onto his arm, she leads him to the back of the property.
Sherlock feels the blood drain from his head and feels a little unsteady on his feet. John tightens his grip, supporting him, and keeps talking. “Introduce yourselves and be gentle with him, will you?”
Sherlock swallowed all he could and then licked the remaining jam/semen mixture from Johns body. He discovered that blackberry jam improved the taste of semen significantly and filed this information away in his Mind Palace for future reference. After John released his hair, Sherlock remained on his knees between John’s legs.
“No, Sir.” This isn’t exactly true, but the pain isn’t the thing. The pain is just fine, actually. The thing is, he can’t get enough of this. He wants to feel John’s hands, rough and demanding, on his body, and his cock as deep as it will go. And then deeper still. He’ll take everything and still want more. “I...this...so good. Don’t stop. Please.”
He looks at his watch. Four thirty. He’ll be meeting John at Angelo’s in an hour and a half. He takes a deep breath, trying to collect his thoughts. No jeans.
The parade continues and the party-goers drift in and out, refilling their plates, refreshing their drinks, but Sherlock and John remain, Sherlock analyzing the ordinary people, not afraid, proud of who they are. He deduces occupations, entertaining John with his split-second evaluations based on minutiae.
John strokes faster, and Sherlock adds his hand so that every throbbing inch of them is covered with a slick fist. The bed is creaking as they rock together, and sweat is dripping from John’s forehead. A drop lands on Sherlock’s lip and he licks it off, savoring its saltiness.
Sherlock looks up at him with hurt eyes. “But I don’t want to take any more English. I thought I was finally through with that shit. I want to take chemistry or at least some other kind of science.” His erection is all but gone.
John didn’t know how to respond, so he squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “I want that dinner, Sherlock. You asked me to dinner on the plane. We’re going to do it. As soon as you are well enough.” He wanted to have dinner with Sherlock, and by now, it was clear to John that they’d been using “dinner” as code for something more. And he wanted that too.
The city passes by in a blur as he leans his head against the window of the squad car, his wrists, pinned between his back and the seat, hurt, but he doesn’t shift to relieve the ache. It’s raining, and he watches the drops of water collect on the glass, then slide down, over and over.
John waits for a crescendo and undoes the buckle of Sherlock’s belt. Delicately, silently, he draws it from the loops and times the dropping of it to the floor with a crash of the cymbal. He presses the palm of his hand down on the growing bulge in Sherlock’s pants as he unfastens the button with the other. Tooth by tooth, John lowers the zipper of Sherlock’s trousers. He slips his hands inside the waistband then around to Sherlock’s hips and slowly around to the cheeks of his ass. He gives them a squeeze, and Sherlock jumps a little. John takes the opportunity to lift him just enough to slide his pants and boxers down to his knees. When Sherlock settles down, he feels John’s stiff cock against his back. And when John’s fingers close around him, he’s almost as hard. Caught between his arousal and his fear that somehow, they’ll be discovered, he breathes shallowly, repeating in his head,
The tailor shakes Sherlock’s hand vigorously. “Of course! It is my pleasure to wish one of my best customers a happy birthday.” The older man steps back and runs his eyes over Sherlock appraisingly.
Sherlock sputters in outrage, “What? He is not—” but John hushes him immediately. “Quiet. This is not your decision to make.” John gives him a look, and Sherlock immediately lowers his eyes and answers, “Yes, Sir.” Then, realizing what he’s done, shoots a look at Myc, and then back down again.
For a short while, they walked in silence. Several times, John was tempted to ask questions. To probe, to find out more about the man that he had once known as Will. He wanted to hear about his life. About Eurus.
. He assesses the surroundings in an instant. Bending down, he picks up a thick dead branch and, without hesitation, slams it against the side of Sebastian’s head. It makes a satisfying “thwack” and Sebastian drops to his knees. Sherlock is tempted to hit him again, but just as he pulls the branch back, Sebastian sways and falls forward onto his face, groaning. Branch over his shoulder, he takes off for Molly, shouting, “Hey, leave her alone, asshole! Molly! Somebody help!” It’s one of the kids that was in the car that day when his bike was vandalized, and when he turns to see who’s shouting, Molly knees him in the groin and he drops like a stone. She kicks him in the ribs twice, screaming, “You son of a bitch!” They hear voices approaching now, and Sherlock is shaking. Molly looks up and catches his eye for a second before she kicks the downed kid again. He drops the branch, raises his hand toward her and bolts toward the street, pushing through the now steady stream of kids heading in the opposite direction, toward the woods.
Sherlock settles into the passenger seat, adjusting it to accommodate his long legs. They hadn’t talked about what had happened at the roadside market yet. Sherlock isn’t even sure John heard the exchange between him and the farmer.
“Well done, Sherlock. Yes. I’ll punish you. Please count and thank me for each stroke.” Sherlock watches as John reaches around and takes the paddle from the seat underneath him. He slides it in a circle, startling Sherlock with its cool, smooth surface, and covering the area that has turned a rosy pink.
John stands up and walks to the living room and to the corner, which until this morning was home to a tall potted plant but is now empty. He points at the floor. “You will stand here, hands on your head, for thirty minutes. That might sound like a lot for your first time, but you have a lot to think about, don’t you? And that will take care of the nineteen strokes. We’ll call it even.”
John made his assessment and reached the only possible choice. The helicopter was Will’s only hope. And he was
He can hear the difference before he feels it. It whistles, and the smack of it is sharper against his already pink skin. John is not holding back either. He has begun at a much more intense level, apparently believing Sherlock no longer needs coddling. A yelp escapes him and he wills himself to hold still. His optimism about making it through without crying vanishes.
echoes in his ears as his body registers the sting. It’s more personal, the skin against skin contact, and Sherlock finds himself yearning to be over John’s lap, to feel his body pressed against John’s thighs as he accepts the spanking. But he realizes that wouldn’t be a punishment anymore.
“I’m sorry! When I heard the hoovering, I just assumed that it was John and… and… well, I’ve made you some biscuits and... I was going to ask him to help me with my Sudoku… and…” She was desperately trying to keep her eyes on Sherlock’s face and not
He doesn’t have to think. He feels it. He felt it when he signed the contract, put himself in the man’s hands, over his lap. And he repeats the words he spoke to Mr. Greenfield with an easier heart: “I do.”
“I knew this was coming, and I thought I could deal, but…I can’t.” Sherlock’s voice is barely audible. “I wish I had died in that parking lot.”
The flight attendant smiled even more broadly and made her way toward him. “Thank you, sir,” she said. “I’ll need you to gather your belongings and come with me.”
“Good.” She sounds slightly surprised. “And what about applying to college? It’s too late for Fall semester, but you should get cracking if you want to start in Spring.”
“No. Just listen. I’d like to renew, maybe revise our contract. Make sure we’re on the same page, so to speak. Consider the things that might be changing. And then, once we’re certain about the details, I was thinking, just a thought, no pressure or anything...I mean…”
Sherlock ate the food with relish, and John had to tell him to slow down, lest he vomit and waste it. He had made a good dent in the small pile when he looked up, a berry halfway to his lips.
“Perfectly OK,” John says, looking into Sherlock’s eyes. It's meant to tell me about you. Where you are. You were honest, I hope? Sherlock tries to guess what he's thinking, but his face is inscrutable, and finally, he says. "Yeah, I was. I had to look some stuff up."
Sherlock has been so excited by the idea of moving to London, he realizes that he hasn’t even considered the practicalities, the concrete details of it. John watches him as the realization creeps over his face and nods to acknowledge it.
tablets, two of them forty milligrams? He ripped open the flannel shirt, sending the buttons flying, and rubbed his knuckles hard over Sherlock’s sternum in a desperate attempt to revive him, but Sherlock remained unresponsive. John rolled him to his side as a precaution against suffocation should he vomit and then sat back on his heels, his face in his hands, trying to think.
As if he’d heard him, John opens the door, carrying a tray. Sherlock hopes it isn’t food. He doesn’t think he can face bacon and eggs right now, but when John sets the tray down beside him, it contains only a pitcher of juice, a glass, and two slices of dry toast on a plate.
John looks back at him, then his forehead wrinkles. “What? What is it? What’s wrong? What’s your color?”
“I don’t know, I don’t know what to think. Look, I’ve gotta go. I’m going to try to get a hold of his brother.”
Everything must be done just right for the payoff. And the ritual is soothing. He should have asked Pete for a cigarette.
John gives a quiet laugh. “Welcome to subspace, love. We may have to find new ways to punish you if you start enjoying it this much.”
John comes up behind him and gently shoves him out of the way. He sticks out his right hand for Wiggy to shake and hands him a bundle, a T-shirt, underwear, and a pair of Sherlock’s old jeans, with the other.
He shudders. He texts Molly to see when she and her parents will be home. He wants to text Hudders in the hope of avoiding a conversation, but he knows John will expect him to call her, so he does. She doesn’t pick up
“Lovely woman. Pharmacist. She and I have been...what do you call it? Friends with benefits? You’ll meet her tonight, actually.”
“Graduation is important! Now you are moving on in your life and becoming a man. A special suit is in order. Come here; let me look.”
look good. His hair is wet and curly and he’s naked except for the towel slung low around his hips. He snaps a selfie with a big smile and sends it to John, who responds almost immediately with a flame emoji and “Feeling better?” Sherlock sends back a thumbs-up.
John scoots to the bed, and leaning against it, pulls Sherlock to him. He brushes the sweaty curls from his face and kisses him. “You were amazing, love. Just amazing.”
This Chapter One was previously a separate fic written by CumberCurlyGirl and on Ao3 as the first in the "Nine and a Half Weeks" series.  While it still exists as a separate fic, we have added it here as Chapter One. All previously posted chapters will shift forward by one.  Sorry for any confusion this causes, we just felt it made more sense to have the complete story all in one place.
John taps his phone, and the vibrations stop. Sherlock takes a deep, shuddering breath and closes his eyes, collecting himself, then reopens them and looks at John with regained focus.
Tina says, “Yeah, sure, Sherlock was here a little while ago but he left. Oh, but, wait. I see a blue truck in the parking lot.”
Wiggy gets bailed out, and Sherlock and John settle in for a relaxing night of Netflix and popcorn that ends up being quite a bit more.
Goosebumps rise up on his arms and he draws his knees to his chest and lets them fall open. John grips the base of the plug, pulls it out none too gently, and Sherlock hears it thump on the wooden floor. He tries to clench around the absence it leaves, but only for a second because the slick head of John’s cock is nudging against his hole. Without further foreplay, he is breached, and he rocks up to take John in as deeply as possible. John grabs his hips and pulls him even closer, grinding against his burning ass before sliding his hands to the backs of his knees and pushing them toward his chest.
Sherlock runs his fingers through John’s hair, and he is so desperately hungry for him, that he’s almost panting. He presses his erection against John’s stomach and can feel John’s against his hip, and he suddenly wants it in his mouth,
She puts down the forkful of salad that is halfway to her mouth. “Sherlock, I’ve been thinking about what you told me on Saturday, and I know it’s none of my business—"
Sherlock rolls his head against John’s shoulder and snuggles closer against him. “Yes, Sir. But I think I could fall asleep right here.”
Sherlock feels the blush rise up from his neck. “Um, we just met actually. I think he just felt sorry for me or something.”
a friend of mine. My name is Jim Moriarty, and if you can hear me, you are one of the lucky ones. The ones that didn’t partake of the most excellent Chicken Cordon Bleu or Blackened Salmon Salad. Can’t say I didn’t try, but as they say: You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make him drink. Or eat. No matter. I just needed to thin the herd to a manageable number. If you are still alive, I need you to stay in your seat with your seatbelt securely fastened…and please shut up. Instructions will follow shortly.
Sherlock spent the rest of the day in frustration. John had him perform some tiresome domestic tasks, but for the most part, left him alone to work. Still, he was not allowed to touch himself and not allowed to dress. He lay on the sofa, nearly naked, plastered with nicotine patches, and tried to think. It was impossible. This was torture. He ached for John, who was conspicuously ignoring him.
Sherlock looks around, embarrassed to hear the spoken word and realizes absolutely no one is paying any attention to them since there are so many more interesting couples to be seen.
Sherlock stayed in the hospital for two more days, although Dr Adler wanted to keep him longer. Mycroft and John agreed with her, but Sherlock, most emphatically, did not. He was bored out of his mind and wanted to get back to his work. John sat with him during visiting hours each day. Two hours in the morning and two in the evening. And that made the whole thing tolerable. But just barely.
John goes to the closet and pulls out a robe. “I’m going to leave this here. Take your time.” He leaves the room and closes the door behind him. Sherlock sits on the bed for a few minutes deciding what to do.
The courtroom door opens, and Godfrey zips his fingers across his lips to reinforce the point. The defendants file in and are directed to stand on yet more yellow footprints. Sherlock’s case is the first one on the docket. The judge on the bench is an older blonde woman with glasses perched on the end of her nose, “The Hon. Elizabeth Smallwood” according to the brass nameplate. She smiles pleasantly at the cuffed men against the wall as if she were about to renew their driver’s licenses, not determine whether or not they will walk free today.
He wondered if Will had become a pilot or an astronaut. It wouldn’t surprise him. Not in the least. He’d had no contact with Will after camp. Although Will had written to him. A lot. When the first letter arrived in the post, John had tossed it in the rubbish bin without opening it. And the next one, and the next one. Finally, after six months, they stopped.
Their trip to London is fast approaching. Today is the last day of class and Sherlock has finished his final assignment. Things are going great except for the fact that he's yearning to settle his debt to John and John seems to be in no hurry to give him what he wants. Perhaps a new transgression will do the trick?
Sherlock is breathing heavier now and struggling not to close his eyes and give himself over to the sensations and then he hears:
“Now, off you go. You’ll be back with your mum in no time.” The guard took the girl’s arm and escorted her from the room.
“I know. It’s sweet. I’m trying not to get used to it. A month from now I’ll either be in prison or...I don’t know where, but for today, let’s enjoy it.”
Sherlock removes the tissue paper, reaches inside, and takes out a watch. His watch. He stares at it, dumbfounded, then looks at John questioningly.
He looks at John’s penis, hard and glistening, for just a moment, then up at John through his lashes. Then, while still looking into John’s eyes, slides the foreskin back with his hand and covers the head with his mouth. John’s eyes flutter and close, and his hands go to Sherlock’s head where they rest lightly. Sherlock begins to stroke with his hand and mouth as John rolls his hips into him.
Sherlock stays up as late as he can, hoping to have as little time as possible to wait for Saturday night. He is both sad and happy he has no more pot. He wanted to kill the anxiety, but also savor the anticipation. He has his usual shift at the shop and is distracted enough until John texts.
You see, I’ve been recording everything. And now, the cherry on top.” He holds up the phone and snaps a photo, then drops it back into his pocket.
“Lavender and vanilla,” John says. “It will relax you. But let’s get in the shower first. I’d like to wash you. Get rid of that jail grime. Will you let me wash you, Sherlock?”
Sherlock braced himself against the onslaught and his face hit the door with each thrust until he tasted blood. Then he felt John grasp his hair and pull his head back, using it for leverage.
They walk to the front door, and she hugs him again. “You and John should come next weekend for Pride,” she says. “The parade goes right past our house. We have a big party.”
“Compared to me you are! And if you don’t tell me what you’re wearing, I’m going to go ask John, and—”
“While we're here, we might as well get to know one another. I’ll start. I’m Dr John Watson. I’m a medical doctor. Retired captain from the British Army, First Armoured Division, Fourth Infantry Brigade.”
The exclamation almost escapes his mouth, but Sherlock bites it back just in time. It would surely add minutes to the already unimaginable thirty. Sherlock has never been still for thirty minutes in his entire life. And not even his dad has ever made him stand in the corner. This is insane.
“I want to hear you say that using my name,” John says, kissing the top of his head. “For tonight, call me John.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, and John could see the muscles in his face flexing. He looked like he was on the verge of shouting or crying. John couldn’t tell which.
Sherlock was tall but not heavy, which was fortunate because John not only carried his weight but the duffel bag with their supplies. By the time they reached the last step, John’s heart was pounding, and his quadriceps were on fire, quivering with the effort. He stopped at the top of the staircase to catch his breath.
“Anyway, that’s how I know that these are edible,” John continued. “And you haven’t eaten in days, so, as your doctor, I prescribe tundra honeyberries, morel mushrooms, plenty of water, two paracetamol, and
He takes the pack of wipes with him and Sherlock sits in a pleasant haze while John takes care of the furniture. Then he sits on the sofa next to Sherlock and waits to hear the final slurp of juice. When John pulls him across his lap, Sherlock is worried for a split-second that he’s done something wrong and he’s in for a spanking, but the cool dampness of a wipe on his ass quells his fear, and he relaxes and enjoys the attention. John runs his fingers over the impressions that the rope has left on his pale flesh. “I would like to take a picture of these before they fade. They’re beautiful. Like jewelry on your skin.” When Sherlock is clean, John maneuvers him onto his feet again. “Stand over here so I can get all around you, then hold still. Front, back, and a closeup of the arms.” He takes his phone and moves around Sherlock the way Annie did...
He’s so animated, and John smiles to see him so excited. Sherlock switches to another screen, and there she is, Aretha in her burgundy outfit, fur at her collar and cuffs, owning the stage. “My mom got all teary-eyed watching it, and I teased her about it.” He looks at John with a soft smile, and John takes his hand, kisses it, and says, “Show me.”
Sherlock gets off the bus and walks down the dark street toward the small white Cape Cod house with green shutters where he has lived his entire life. He wonders if his dad will be home. Since his mother died, when Sherlock was thirteen, it was hit or miss whether his father would be home at any given time, and if he would be sober if he were.
. He holds it up to his cheek and then slides it gradually down his neck. When he looks up, John and Annie are looking at him. He puts the rope down on the sofa with the other bunches.
Mary had big doe eyes and a great laugh. She could be bossy, sometimes, but mostly they got along. They were compatible in bed, and she was a brilliant conversationalist. She was everything a girlfriend should be. And he had gone along and gone along, and suddenly they were engaged. This terrified him. It was so
“It’s going to be OK. If we keep our wits about us, we can get through this. Breathe. Think. Learn as much about them as you can. Above all, stay calm. Got it?”
John rolls Sherlock over onto his side and tickles his belly. Sherlock squirms and tightens his lips to keep more giggles from giving him away. Then John pulls him close. “I see. Not at all. Now, one more time, tell me how you feel.”
Sherlock tenses up, and his grip on John’s hand tightens so much that John turns to him. “What is it? What’s—”
“I wanna get cleaned up. It was so dirty, and it stank in jail and I haven’t showered for days. I feel really gross. I don’t see how you can stand to be near me.”
“I’m going to take you apart tonight, Sherlock, after we clear the slate. You’ll feel lighter when it’s over, I promise.” John kisses the tip of his nose, his hand still stroking his chest.
“Mmm, much better. That’s the kind of hello that brings a man home on time. Go add two to your tally. What’s got you so interested there? Couldn’t possibly be for your English class.”
“No pressure or anything. You’ll let me know. I’ll, uh, just say goodbye, and I’m sorry, and I’m proud of you, and I love you.” He turns abruptly and walks away. He gets to the doors and turns around. “And goodbye, Doctor Watson. Thanks.”
“You’ll appreciate it even more a bit later,” John says without elaboration, pausing, presumably, to pour out more oil.
“That could work. You are a teenager.” John looks off, and almost to himself, says, “We may have to collect some data on your stroke averages under different conditions. Maybe see if we can get corresponding heart rates. Might be a case study journal article in there somewhere.” His attention returns to Sherlock. “Remember to add two strokes to the tally for slacking on your workouts. Five so far today. You’d best tread carefully. So the deal is this: if you think you can come before your arms give out, I’ll permit it. Otherwise, you may be a bit indisposed for the early part of the party. And your shower will be cold. Ready when you are.”
“I’m sorry, love, I know you’ve got free time now that you’ve finished your schoolwork, but I’ve still got loads of things to finish up before we leave Columbus. Errands today and paperwork for the university this evening.” He hesitates. “There is something I want to talk to you about, though. Something I’d like to do, maybe before we go. But I want to get all these other things out of the way first. And I need to give it some more thought before I’ll be ready to discuss it.”
. If there’s anyone in the Universe besides John who will really listen to him, it’s Molly. He lets go of her hands, which are still grasping his shirt. She pulls it up slowly, peeks underneath, and her eyes grow wide. She stares for a moment, then looks up at his blushing face.
He really should let Sherlock know he’d read the note. But each time John rehearsed in his head how that conversation would go, he changed his mind. He had been an arse. He had been a complete arse. You could blame it on youth, John supposed, but that excuse seemed lame. He had been a coward. There was no sugar-coating it. And so, John stayed silent and trudged on. One foot in front of the other.
Stamford frowns and shakes his head. “No, he thinks you’ve got a lot of potential. Said you remind him of himself, actually. Late bloomer, are you?”
John nods also. “Well, for the moment, you’ve punished yourself better than I could have. Finish your breakfast, all the juice, and get yourself cleaned up. I’ll be waiting for you.”
“I know. I know, Sherlock. It’s just that I thought you were going to die.” She hugs him for a few more seconds then steps away, wiping at her eyes.
Later that evening they are enjoying the warm night air on the balcony. Sherlock is reclining on a lounge chair with his hands behind his head, looking at the stars, while John works on his laptop. An almost empty bottle of wine and two glasses sit on the table.
John was becoming annoyed with Sherlock’s deductions and criticisms. The man had a point, but John stood by his decision. They argued about it for a few minutes until John changed the subject.
John obliged and lay beside Sherlock, kissing him and taking him in hand, stroking and twisting and pulling.
Once John is on the bed, Sherlock removes the briefs, then stands back to take in the sight. John is stretched out on the bed with one arm behind his head. The flickering candlelight gives his skin a tawny glow. It’s usually John who is appreciating Sherlock’s body, but now Sherlock has the chance to run his eyes over every line, every curve, of his lover. The smooth, pale skin of his exposed triceps, the hollow above his clavicle, the scar, his navel with the trail of dark blonde hairs below it, his knees, his feet. John has attractive feet, tanned, with neatly trimmed nails. Sherlock has never thought much about feet before, and he wonders what it might be like to kiss them.
Sherlock sighs with relief, and John takes his hand and leans forward to kiss it. “I’m glad to hear you say that. It’s what I’ve hoped for you. Let me tell you what it means to me. When I see it on you, around your neck, it reminds me of the trust you’ve placed in me. It reminds me of my responsibilities to you. It represents your commitment to me.”
When the clapping subsides, Molly turns to Sherlock. “London! You’re moving to London? Sherlock, that’s AMAZING!” She is practically vibrating with excitement and grinning from ear to ear.
The anticipation of what is to come sends a thrill down Sherlock’s spine as he kneels before John in the foyer. Whatever it is, he is ready to bear it. He welcomes it, welcomes the punishment that will make his body stronger and his mind clearer. He is craving surrender. After it all, there will be cuddling, and gentle kisses and he wants the feeling, of being cherished, he does. But right now...right
Sherlock shifts in his chair, trying to make room in his suddenly too tight pants. He swallows thickly.
“No. Eyes on me, Sherlock. I want to see your face,” John says, pushing him gently away but at the same time, stepping closer between Sherlock’s thighs and grasping his buttocks so that Sherlock’s weeping cock is pressed between them.
Cursing under his breath, Sherlock walks to the kitchen, excruciatingly aware of the toy shifting inside him, half expecting it to begin vibrating at any moment, makes a mark on the whiteboard, then stares at it. Eleven. Eleven marks on his body that he’ll admire in the mirror the next day. Eleven strokes closer to…what? Redemption? And will the punishment be meted out today? John had hinted at it, but he isn’t sure. Looking at the eleven tally marks, he feels a twinge of anticipation. Hadn’t he admitted to Molly just yesterday that he likes it? “Like” isn’t entirely accurate though. It hurts. It hurts a lot, but it also feels like a little victory—that he is able to endure it, even with tears. And it induces a calm, after whatever demon inside him, exorcised by the pain, has fled; it quiets his mind.
The massive guard grasped Sherlock by the lapels of his leather jacket and yanked him to his feet. Sherlock immediately began struggling, trying to twist away.
Jim tries for a placating tone. “Oh, no! Of course not. Especially with this crowd. I mean, who’s going to notice the age difference with everything that’s going on, right?”
“You should have it early next week. One of the perks of my super-secret job.” He laughs, then grows serious. “Sherlock, are you sure this is what you want?”
Sherlock had never known this grandfather, and no one had ever spoken very much about him. He tries to see if he can find some empathy for his father, considering this new data. A “what if” he decides to think about another day.
Sherlock has a moment of panic when he realizes he forgot to eat lunch. He rationalizes that John didn’t tell him he had to eat, only that he should write everything down. Technically. He changes the subject.
John relents, and they make their way toward the proprietor. John reaches for Sherlock’s hand and Sherlock has a momentary flash of panic, but sets his jaw and lets it be taken, his eyes locked on the old man’s until a
The book Sherlock is reading for his Queer Studies class, The Beautiful Room is Empty, by Edmund White, was the inspiration for Sherlock's line about tuxedos in the restaurant scene of The Empty Hearse.  The line in the book is: "But for me the tuxedo (which depersonalizes waiters and lends distinction to friends)..."
. And John is right. He can think of nothing else. And then he makes his way around to a different thought; he’s naked because John wants him to be. And that’s good enough.
John kisses him again and says, “I think that can be arranged. All right then, up you go. Let me finish my notes,” John says as they get to their feet. “Shower and—"
Moriarty made a placating gesture with his hands. “My good lady. Yes. I told you I’d fill you in this morning. And I assure you, the sooner you are all out of my hair, the better. But first, I have some business to attend to. Sherlock Holmes, that business is with
He determined that he was going to solve the Carey case today, and there was still the hoovering. He might as well get that out of the way.
“You don’t see what I see. Boys sometimes don’t express their feelings, and he’s such an odd bird…” her voice trails off. “Anyway, he’s lucky to have you whether he knows it or not.”
“Don’t be so quick to thank me. If you thought you had rules before, welcome to Boot Camp. While you’re here, you’ll have obligations.”
Sherlock. That makes him an enemy. John should leave. That would be the rational thing to do. Leave and alert the police. But he needs evidence! And who is the woman? The identity of that voice is so, so close to the surface of his mind, but just out of reach. The adrenaline is flowing freely now, not surgery adrenaline, more like battlefield adrenaline, raw and urgent. His anger is about to get the better of him, he knows this, and yet he can’t help it. His hands reflexively ball into fists. He can take this man. He takes a step forward but is halted by the second voice.
Sherlock hands the binder to John who shows it to Annie who looks from the photo to Sherlock several times.
“Godfrey Norton,” the man shakes Sherlock’s hand, which is awkward, because of the cuffs. “I’m your attorney.”
John reached out and traced a finger from Sherlock’s stomach down to the lace and further still to Sherlock’s soft penis outlined beneath it. It twitched at John’s touch. He looked again into Sherlock’s eyes. In the small part of John’s brain that was still functioning properly, he realised that he was going to have to adjust his plans for the day. He was going to have to have Sherlock very soon, or he was simply going to come in his pants.
“I can’t say that I understand your relationship exactly, and I don’t care to think of him...hurting you. But you are an adult now and I need to treat you like one. If you like that kind of thing...then...well...who am I to judge? I just...You’re so young and I worry about you and—”
She pushes back and looks up at him. Her brown eyes search his. “Sherlock, I want to believe you. I do. It doesn’t make sense. But Jim…”
“What is going on in that brilliant head? What’s wrong?” John’s blue eyes are full of concern and puzzlement.
“You’re having a panic attack,” John soothed. “I know one when I see one. I’ve had plenty myself. Try to breathe. Is it the turbulence?”
Sherlock groans at these words that travel straight to his groin, making him thrust his hips forward, pushing him harder into his fist.
When Sherlock catches his breath, he tries to keep his voice neutral and asks, “Annie will be here? Tonight?”
“I know,” Stan said, still pumping Sherlock’s hand. “I’m so excited to finally meet you; you're a legend!"
! Sherlock thinks as he reads the last question on his chemistry final. Confidently, he writes out the formulas that demonstrate two possible 3d electron populations of cobalt(II) in an octahedral environment.
John took his juice and pastry to the corner of the room where he and Sherlock had slept the night before.
“You are uncharacteristically taciturn,” Sherlock said acidly. “What’s the matter, brother mine. Cat got your tongue?”
The skin feels smooth and velvety and its taste is the scent intensified: deep, rich, salty, slightly bitter. He traces the bumps and ridges, tracks the vein that curves up underneath. John’s hips push forward slightly, and Sherlock looks up from under his lashes and sees the muscles of his stomach twitch. He suspects he’s running out of time and wants to cover as much territory as he can, so he slides down a little farther, having to curl up his long legs to fit on the bed.
As John’s hands and the rope slide over his skin, his consciousness slips further away, and he has only a kind of blurred awareness of the conversation that John and Annie are having. The feeling of being an object intensifies. Not just an ordinary object, like a lamp or a chair, but something more, like a work of art, worthy of admiration and even desire. His eyelids droop, then close. Every once in a while, John asks him something, and he hums agreement to whatever it is. He turns or tugs when he’s told. The rope tightens around his wrists, then his forearms, and suddenly there’s a hard smack on his bottom, and he hears John clearly this time, “Oy! Wake up! Pay attention.”
John groans, “That would be incredible, seeing your body draped over my car, just for me. You are fucking killing me.” He kisses Sherlock again before sitting back and running a hand through his hair, blowing out deep breaths through his mouth.
Sherlock hadn’t been worried. Much. He’d never shared needles but hadn’t always used condoms when earning the money for fresh ones. Swallowing was often part of the deal. Pretty safe, they told him. Still... He takes a deep breath in relief.
sorry. His heart ached for the man in his arms and for the boy he had so selfishly jilted all those years ago.
Just over two hours later, the plane landed. All the windows had been closed, so John had no idea where they were. They had been ninety minutes from Boston when the hijacking occurred, and so now they could be anywhere from Maryland to Canada.
Stan left, and Sherlock shut the door with a sigh of relief, walked to the window and watched him hail a cab. As the cab pulled to the kerb and Stan got in, Sherlock saw John walking up the pavement toward 221B.  John stopped abruptly, stared at the cab, and then looked up to the window where Sherlock was standing. He looked angry.
“Good boy, I’m going to start now. If you need to yell, do it. Don’t hold it in, I want to hear you. And remember that it’s OK to cry.”
“I’m Louise, and I’m eleven next month, she replied. I was travelling to America to visit my aunt. My mum says I’m older than my years and let me come alone. Is the bad man going to kill us?” She sidled closer to Molly.
Sherlock wakes up at eight and grits his teeth against the ache of his raging hard-on. He speaks very sternly to it and heads for another cold shower. When he shows up at the clinic, he finds the door locked and when he rings the bell, Dr. Mike Stamford himself lets him in. He’s a stocky, dark-haired man with a round, jovial face. He holds his hand out to Sherlock.
After John lets her go and she is returning to Kate’s side, she touches the tip of Sherlock’s nose with a forefinger. “Hold on to him, you lucky thing. You’re good for each other.” She winks and gives him a peck on the cheek before saying, “Why don’t you take off that shirt, gorgeous? You aren’t fooling anyone.”
hungry. He wasn’t before, but now his stomach is rumbling. But again, he has the impulse to defy John. Before, he didn’t want John’s commands to interfere. Now, it might be that he wants relief from the guilt he feels at not exactly living up to his Mom’s expectations. And John’s going to make him wait! Maybe if he pushes a few more buttons…
Jim stands up straight and clears his throat self-importantly. “A female patient came in this morning with acute lethargy, hypertension, and tachycardia, which means an elevated heart rate. She said she took Adderall, not uncommon in college students, but her symptoms don’t quite match what we’d expect from amphetamine, and her urine tox was negative for amphetamines. We’ve got the pills right here,” Jim says, gesturing to a container on the countertop.
“Hmpf,” Dr. Whitney snorts, looking amused. “Very well, John.” She then turns her attention to Sherlock. “Young man. You are practically a celebrity on the medical campus. We owe you and John a debt of gratitude for exposing Dr. Sawyer. You were simply brilliant!”
John couldn't believe what he was hearing, and, abandoning his effort to keep his temper under control, began to yell.
Conversationally, John says, “For a paddling, you’ll bend over the back of the chair and place your hands on the seat. That will present your arse properly for me, and I’ll have room to swing.” Sherlock is feeling a little dizzy, and John reminds him, “Breathe. You can do this. Promise.” John turns the chair and waits patiently while Sherlock coordinates his limbs and walks back. John takes the paddle and places it on the seat and helps bend Sherlock over. Sure enough, his ass is tipped up, but John isn’t satisfied and nudges his feet and hands until the angle is sharper. The skin tightens over Sherlock’s curves and he clenches his muscles, unsure if it’s out of anxiety or the awareness that he is completely exposed.
“Bro! Dude! Man, I can’t believe it! Holy shit! You got me out! Nobody ever did anything like that for me before!”
“I did have one, once…a long time ago.” Sherlock looked away and pressed his lips together. His face was inscrutable.
“Please!” John repeated. “I’m a doctor. Can we get some paracetamol and a few more blankets?” The plan was to generate a response that would lure what he guessed was a skeleton crew of overnight guards to the room, without having them feel the need to wake up the whole lot, including Moriarty. And they didn’t even know how many there were. He hoped there were just the four they had seen.
John’s hands slide over his buttocks. “Mine,” he murmurs. “You are all mine.” Then his fingers slip between them, and the plug is pulled halfway out, then pushed in again. Sherlock bites his lip and shuts his eyes. Since the extraordinary orgasm on the sofa this morning, the rest of the day has been one long tease, and he’s once again desperate for release. Once he takes his punishment, there will be fucking, and, oh, how he wants to be fucked.
They stared at one another for what seemed like an eternity. The creek gurgled, the foliage rustled, and birds chirped in the background. John tried to read Sherlock’s expression. His usual mask of arrogance was gone; he looked almost vulnerable. He looked like that sixteen-year-old boy again.
Sherlock looked amused. “I assure you that I am a scientist. And an exceptionally good one.” He reached into his briefcase and pulled out a magazine, holding it up for John to see. The magazine's title was “
“Yo, brother. Hey. Wake up. Wake up, bro. You all right? What do you need? What are you on? They’ve got to let you see the doc if you got a bad batch or something.”
When his clothing is lying neatly folded on the chair, Sherlock takes a deep breath and opens the door to the bedroom. He isn’t sure what he was expecting, but he is surprised to see John sitting, fists balled on his thighs, feet flat on the floor. He’s taking deep, studied breaths now and watches intently as Sherlock enters and closes the door behind him.
“Myc came back today to tie up loose ends with your father and to check up on you, to make sure I’m treating you well.” John’s hand wanders up from Sherlock’s shoulder to finger a lock of hair at the nape of his neck.
“How do you feel?” John said. “What hurts the most? Your face looks better. I can see two eyes. That’s progress.”
“Well, let’s see,” Anderson said. He wasn’t at the table but had taken his food and was sitting on the floor against the wall. “Someone tried to poison me. I’m being held hostage by some nutter, and for all I know, this food is poisoned too. Yeah, I’m just bloody FINE!”
“Thanks. I don’t know how I would’ve gotten through this without you. Maybe I can make it up to you somehow. Look me up when you get out.” He writes his number on a scrap of notebook paper and hands it to Wiggy.
His hand on his cock feels good but what he really wants is John. He wants to repay him for this day, this wonderful day, and for everything he’s given him. For every kiss, for every stroke of the paddle, for every kind word and stern admonition. But mostly for the lightness that he feels in his heart.
“Not cool!” he shouts and hears John chuckle in reply as the vibrations slow again. He makes his way gingerly to the breakfast bar, his cock bobbing against his belly.
“What? What’s wrong?” He looks down at himself nervously and Martin says, “No, no, chin up. Now turn around.”
“You can call me back at this number if you get this message. Otherwise, I’ll try you again when I get to my hotel. I’m going to the hospital to see one of the other hostages right now. To make sure he’s all right. I’ll talk to you soon.”
John puts his mug down and sighs. “Mike’s got a big heart, but he’s also got a big mouth. Nothing may come of it and I didn’t want to get your hopes up.”
Will lifted his chin and let John place hungry kisses on his jaw and neck. Finally, John released Will’s wrists, and they fell into a tight embrace. Soon, John was aware of a hardness against his hip. Will had an erection, easily felt through the thin fabric of their summer clothing. John’s own cock was responding too, and he had a sudden burst of embarrassment about it.
“A little, but...it’s...good.” He forces a small smile despite his nerves and doesn't let go of John’s hand.
As the men grow nearer, he considers countless possibilities at lightning speed. His eyes turn to Molly, who is now looking at him with eyes full of tears and disappointment. Jim’s eyes are sparkling with something like glee, even though his face wears a sad expression. A mask, thinks Sherlock, but his thoughts are broken by the words of the taller police officer.
John crossed the room in three strides and fell to his knees beside the man on the floor. He was in a fetal position facing the wall, and even in the dim light, John could see bruises and abrasions on his back. When he placed a hand on a shivering shoulder, it flinched. As gently as he could, John rolled him onto his back. It
Part of him doesn’t want to disappoint John. But another part of him, the part that also wants the cigarette and is a little bit drunk, sees it as the perfect solution to his frustration. He stares out into the night, considering the idea.
Finally, he answers, and his voice is kind. “I’m glad Sherlock. I’m really glad that things are changing for you. That you’re happy. You deserve it, and whether you want it or not, you have my support. I’ll be back in the States soon and we’ll talk more. Say hello to John and give my love to Ms. Hudson.”
“A harness, Sir?”  Sherlock is incredulous but curious, unsure of what, exactly, it entails. He’s worked in a tack shop—is this some kind of pet play or something?
“Only you, apparently, Jim.” He looks at Molly with a genuine smile and says, “Do us a favor and give me a ring when you get home, all right?” He leans over and kisses her cheek, giving Jim one more steely glare, before turning, pulling Sherlock away as he calls out, “Bye, Molly,” over his shoulder.
“Yes, and sex, of course,” John laughs. “Enough seriousness! We are going to have a good time today. I want you to enjoy yourself, be yourself. Let down your hair, so to speak.” A curl has fallen down onto Sherlock’s forehead and John carefully replaces it.  “I bet by the end of the day I might even get you to dance.”
He looks at Myc, frantic and confused. “It wasn’t him. Whoever it was, said thirty? Thirsty? Thursday’s collar?”
“Oh, your hair!” she exclaims. “You look so handsome.” Then, turning to John, she shakes his hand. “Dr. Watson, I barely recognized you’” she laughs, looking at his kilt and tank top.
Sherlock looks down and sees that his erection, finally freed after being neglected for so long, is red and angry looking. When John circles it with his fist, he thrusts into it. John allows it for a few passes, then stops. He presses down on the thick knots of the tie between Sherlock’s shoulder blades and arranges him so that his shoulders and chest rest against the back of the sofa.
The lock clicked, and the door swung open. The two guards that the hostages had named Beefy and Baldy entered. Baldy’s gun was drawn but pointed at the floor. Beefy carried a blanket.
He turned and looked back at the door from which they had just emerged. It was set into a rocky hillside, and there was no evidence of a structure. The whole place might be underground. In the darkness, John could make out what looked like two footpaths leading into the trees surrounding them. One to the left and another to the right. If the others had taken one or the other, there was no evidence of it. Somewhere in the distance, to the right, a dog bayed.
“And now that you’ve been initiated, remember what I told you I’d do sometime?” John slips his fingers beneath the harness and gives Sherlock’s nipple a playful tweak. “Of course you do. You remember everything. So tell me, love.”
The music ends, and the audience rises to honor the tenor with a standing ovation. Sherlock turns, seeking John’s mouth and a deep passionate kiss.
whether people knowing will bother you. And if you say yes, I think it’s important for you to have a grounding event or some kind of celebration. You were kind of cheated out of your graduation.”
Sherlock feels the familiar flush on his cheeks. “But not with...people.” He gestures vaguely at the throng around them.
Sherlock takes a deep breath and drops down, pulling her onto the grass with him. “Sit.” They sit cross-legged beside each other. Sitting tightens the strap running between his legs and he shifts, trying to get comfortable, while Molly watches intently.
Sherlock hesitates, not wanting to face the farmer alone, but then squares his shoulders and walks up to the table, setting the basket in front of the old man, who immediately begins assessing the contents. “Wife made these herself,” he says, holding up a jar of jam.
Sherlock feels especially bad about that and swiftly defends his friend. “It really wasn’t his fault. The cigarettes, I mean. He tried to stop me. It seemed…”
Sherlock opens his eyes with some effort. The thing in his ass is doing just what it is designed to do, massage his prostate with a constant, glorious, vibration and all of his attention is focused on that small knot of tissue deep inside him that he didn’t even know he had until a few weeks ago. He meets John’s steady gaze with half-lidded eyes, mouth still open.
They are sitting side by side on the bench seat against the window. John finishes the last of his linguini and picks up his glass. With his elbow resting on the table, he rotates his wrist, watches the red liquid swirl for a moment, and looks out into the restaurant.
The bald guard grabbed his shoulders and jerked him into the chair. Sherlock seethed with rage at the rough treatment. He wanted to scream. He wanted to do
For the briefest moment, Sherlock considers faking illness to get John home. He’s not sick, is he? Just tired and out of sorts. He knows faking would be wrong. He remembers crawling and his resolutions to be respectful, and how disappointed John was and figures that drawing him away from the hospital with a lie would probably be just as bad as listening in on his conversation. He grits his teeth.
“I can hear you thinking, Sherlock. Stop it. Just stop it. I’m enjoying this. You won’t disappoint me. Sweet boy, you won’t disappoint me, and you won’t hurt me.”
Sherlock is positively vibrating, his relief, and the effects of the speed and caffeine rushing through his blood like a river in flood. And now he’s got nothing to do but wait for John to call. All of his anger has dissipated, and he can’t wait to tell him that he’s sure he passed and that chemistry is a done deal.
Sherlock tries to slow down the rise and fall of his chest while the throbbing of his dick short-circuits his brain. He’s whimpering, but he holds on, keeping his eyes fixed on John, who’s locked on him like a laser.
John takes his face in his hands and looks at him severely. “Stop. Just stop right there. It’s true that I don’t know the details, but I do know that people are responsible for their own behavior. There is nothing you could have done or said that would have changed his mind if he was on that path. And for all we know, it was an accident. I believe you’re familiar with that possibility? And you weren’t ready to tell him and that’s all there is to it. You can’t blame yourself. You’ve got to let go of this guilt. You can miss him, you can be sad or even angry that he died, but it is
“Maybe after Christmas,” John says.  “Before Lent term at Camb—” He stops abruptly. “I mean, I’ll have to check my schedule.”
John isn’t having it. He pushes down on Sherlock's back and grabs the coiled rope. It makes the perfect handle, and he holds Sherlock in place. He pushes forward slowly and Sherlock sighs as fleeting pain gives way to pleasure and the exquisite friction of John’s penetration. He strains, wanting more, but John’s grip is strong, and his voice is stern.
Suddenly his phone blares Aretha Franklin’s “Nessun Dorma,” the ringtone Sherlock had selected for himself and installed on John’s phone, and it echoes in the cavernous boiler room.
“I needed you, John. I needed you, and you weren’t there. You have no idea what I went through. I thought you cared, but you abandoned me. You abandoned me! I was crushed. But that makes it sound like a silly teenage heartbreak. It was more than that. You were important to me, John. You mattered. After camp, after everything else that happened to me that summer, you felt like all I had. And you weren’t there. After you promised we’d write, you didn’t even open my
“Relax, sweetheart. Take your time,” John says. There are beads of sweat on his forehead, and he is obviously trying to be patient.
Sherlock gapes at him for a moment before remembering to say, “Yes, um...Sir,” flinching a little when the word reminds him of John.
Sherlock closes his eyes and swallows, hard. What is it about this man who has just walked into his life? This man who held a riding crop under his chin yesterday and made his cock hard with the promise of what…pain? He wants to smoke a cigarette desperately, or even better, score a hit. Wants to go back to yesterday morning before John Watson walked into the tack shop and fucking overwhelmed him with deep blue eyes, firm voice and soldier’s bearing. But he can’t do any of these things. Instead, he raises his glass to his lips and drains it. His eyes meet John’s, and there is a heartbeat of silence, then two, before he answers.
John thinks for a moment, and his expression turns wicked. “The purple shirt, black trousers, no underwear. And the harness.”
Repressed respiration, bradycardia, pinpoint pupils…it was almost like an opiate overdose. But John had only been giving him one, so that was impossible. Or…
John huffs out a laugh but keeps on going, and Sherlock can’t take his eyes off the rippling abdominal muscles. He feels his cock swell after having calmed down a bit and John reaches ninety-two before the timer goes off. He collapses back onto the floor and smiles broadly.
Sherlock puts his hand on his chest. “I had nothing to do with it, I swear!” Pete lowers his voice and leans in. “Let’s go out to the parking lot.” He gestures around the bar with his chin, and they all get up and make their way outside.
. The long legs, the sinewy muscles, the trail of dark hair running from just below his navel down to the scalloped lace which was almost overflowing with Sherlock’s cock. He looked like an angel. If there had been wings sprouting from his shoulders, they would not look out of place. Slowly, John looked up to Sherlock’s eyes, fringed with his still-damp curls and boring into him intently.
His mother, a devout Catholic like the rest of his family, had asked him why his friend from camp stopped writing. He had made some lame excuse. Harry had been sworn to secrecy about John and Will’s relationship at camp, and thankfully, she never told on him. She had been old enough to understand the consequences of such a revelation.
Sherlock watches John’s face intently as he reads, looking for signs of disappointment. There are none. John looks like he’s trying to maintain a neutral expression, but the corner of his mouth twitches. Then his Adam's apple bobs as he swallows hard.
“Public defender, y’know, the free lawyer they give you when you can’t pay for a real fancy-ass lawyer.”
“Sweet, sweet boy. My beautiful boy, I want you so much.” Sherlock feels John hard against his ass, sliding against his oil-slicked skin. Alarm bells start to go off in his head, but before he can say anything John is moving down his body, planting kisses as he goes. On his shoulder blades, along his spine. He kisses each ass cheek and then flicks his tongue between them.
Sherlock feels John’s fingers move inside of him, and a subtle pleasure begins radiating through his groin as his prostate is stroked.
“It’s your ass, man,” Wiggy says, shaking out a cigarette from the pack and handing it to Sherlock, who almost giggles at the comment.
Sherlock puts down the book, and John stands up, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s torso and kissing him on the mouth. John is warm, and he smells of soap and aftershave. Sherlock relaxes against him and closes his eyes. There’s so much to think about. The gifts, the money, school, London. But right now, he’s thinking only about how John’s body feels against his. And it feels good. Safe.
It’s romantic and sexy and completely wonderful, and Sherlock tries not to let any negative thoughts creep in, but he can’t help it. At this time yesterday he was miserable, sitting in a filthy, foul-smelling cell with Wiggy, feeling hopeless and abandoned.
John’s fingers are still moving gently over Sherlock’s cheek, and his stern face belies the tenderness in his eyes. He lets Sherlock stay there on his hands and knees, waiting for a command, driving home the message. Finally, he takes his hand away and stands.
John looks at him for a moment and nods slowly. “Right. Well, we agree we’ll just have to trust each other. Just don’t trust anyone else.”
Wiggy is still there, not able to make bail and here he is, in a lavender-vanilla bubble-bath. It doesn’t seem right. Wiggy stuck by him out of nothing more than kindness. He can’t leave him there to rot for who knows how long.
“Hey! You look a lot better, kid! The doc took care of you good, right?” He claps Sherlock on the back. “You gotta listen to me, Sherlock, I’ll get you through this.”
“Well, young man, you may consider it my last assignment. You will show up. And the point is picking up the scholarship check.”
“Huh?” Beefy exclaimed, and he turned, reaching for his weapon. John closed the distance between them in a flash, reaching back to retrieve the knife from his waistband, but he fumbled it, and it clattered to the floor behind him.
Mycroft fixed him with a stare. “If I tell you, I’d have to kill you.” He smiled unpleasantly, then laughed at his own joke.
Sherlock pulls into the deserted dirt parking area and they exit the Porsche and approach the building. An ancient man in overalls and a John Deere cap sits in a chair behind a roughly made wooden table under the awning. As they draw near, he spits a stream of brown tobacco juice into a can on the ground before saying, “Afternoon, gentlemen, can I help you?”
Will. Will Andrews was Sherlock Holmes? John’s brain stuttered over this information. He hadn’t seen Will for fifteen years, and with only the shadowed features in his own Polaroid to remind him, William had become a blurred idea. Almost not real. A beautiful memory but also a regret. Not regret for what they did and what they’d shared. But for what came just after that, before John had come to terms with himself. He was ashamed of how he’d treated Will by binning his letters. Is that what Sherlock was referring to when he’d written “
“You have no idea. He was stubborn even before our mother died. You understand I couldn’t give him money.”
. So gather your things and come with me.” He gave a nod to the Beefy, who strode to where Sherlock was sitting and looked at him menacingly.
“We’re not changing anything. I’m still the Dom, and you’re still the sub. I’ll order you to bugger me, and you’ll bloody well do it,” John says, grinning. “And if you find you like it, and want to do it again, the next time maybe I’ll tie you down and ride your cock so slowly it will drive you out of your fucking mind, and you’ll beg me to come. And then after I finally let you,
bringing him to the brink and easing off again and again in a delicious back and forth of pleasure and denial.
He helped Sherlock to undress and then checked the cigar burns, which, while still painful, were starting to heal. He wished he had some salve for them; the flannel shirt was soft and didn’t cause too much pain to the burns on his arm and torso, but the trousers were made of a rough material, and without underwear, the burn on his testicle was constantly rubbed and aggravated, risking infection. When John touched Sherlock’s scrotum lightly, Sherlock flinched, then joked. “At least buy me a nice dinner first, John.”
But the expression on his face shows that he’s serious. Sherlock refocuses on the floor and lowers himself.
“Mm-hm,” John says skeptically, still kissing and nuzzling, his short whiskers hurting a bit when they brush against the tender sunburn. His hands move to Sherlock’s hips and pull them back against his groin. John has lifted the kilt and his erection is sliding against Sherlock’s shorts. He can feel his own hard penis straining against his underwear and is about to ask for permission to touch it when he remembers where they are.
“...$5,000 cash or surety, preliminary hearing will be July 12, 10:00 a.m.,” Judge Smallwood says. “Next.” He doesn’t move. A hand grips his arm and pulls him toward the exit, but he doesn’t want to lose sight of John, and he looks back over his shoulder as he is led away and the door closes behind him.
"I'm not gay," Victor said finally, after they had cleaned themselves and were cocooned in their separate sleeping bags.
A dark-haired man in green short-sleeved scrubs, revealing heavily tattooed arms, emerges. He has a stethoscope around his neck, and his name tag reads “Ryan.”
“Sherlock, try grabbing your elbows behind your back again. Now put your arms behind your head.” He does, and John asks, “What feels more natural? If you had to stay in the position for a while, I mean.”
men. Women interested in "recreational punishment" were probably too embarrassed to walk into a tack shop and purchase just a riding crop; they likely bought them discreetly on Amazon, just another cardboard box on the porch, alongside identical boxes filled with romance novels, Barbies and socks. Men didn’t seem to care. Sometimes two men would come in and select one together.
“It might. I’m not small. It’s important to relax and go slow. You can stop anytime, Sherlock. Do you understand?”
Breathless, Sherlock huffs, “Please, please, Sir.” John leans in, grabs his shoulders and gives him a kiss, a mashing together of lips and teeth, but Sherlock stays frozen, afraid that any movement will set him off like nitroglycerine. John picks up the lube, squirts a healthy dollop into his own palm, and takes possession of Sherlock’s flushed cock. He pumps, fast and firm.
Sherlock nods. “OK, good— Oh! Before I forget, John and I, I mean, John, because it’s his place and, whatever, he said, I mean, he wants, well here. Here’s the address. Come for dinner at seven o’clock.” He shoves a page torn from his notebook at Wiggy, who takes it with a confused look.
“I just had my interview, man! For the maintenance job. I think I did OK. I was nervous as shit though. I wanted to thank the Doc for doing me the solid.”
He had immense regret for what he’d done. After six months, when Will’s letters stopped, John was relieved that the constant reminder of his cowardice would no longer appear in the post every few weeks. Years later, when he came to terms with who he was, he assumed it was too late to go back and make amends. He told himself that Will had surely moved on and had his own life now, with Johnny Watson a faded memory; a summer fling. Except now, it was clear that Will hadn’t moved on all that much.
Martin picks up his pincushion and heads towards him. “I agree. Now let’s make it perfect.” He fusses over him for half an hour or so. “You’ll have to come one more time for the final fitting, but do not bring the doctor.” He shakes his finger at him. “He’s not to see you before the event. It will be an unveiling."
Saturday morning Sherlock is woken by the sound of thunder, and he opens one eye. Rain is beating against the windows, and the sky outside is dark and ominous. He closes his eyes and burrows down into the covers, awake, but listening to the storm. Enjoying the fact that it’s Saturday and he doesn’t have to get up. He senses that John isn’t in bed with him, and this fact is confirmed when he smells coffee.
Mary knew that he’d been with men before, but she didn’t know how many. Maybe he needed to tell her. Spouses shouldn’t have secrets. Perhaps he should tell her and let the chips fall where they may. It might give her a reason to call off the wedding. Then he wouldn’t have to decide. It would be decided for him. She could be the bad guy instead of him…
The touch is removed and doesn’t come back. Sherlock hears nothing for several seconds and then without warning, his dick is grasped and stroked firmly twice.
“I’m scared!” She wailed. “I want my mum!” And when she saw the dead man on the floor, she shrieked.
“No, I’m going to trust you. You’ve earned your clothes. Good thing too. It’s a lovely night, and we can eat on the balcony. Go get dressed. Dinner will be ready in ten.”
sides of the fight, who cared only about power. Such men were usually predictable, but this one seemed different. There was something amiss behind those dark, soulless eyes.
“Sherlock!” he repeated, shaking the sleeping man’s leg. Still, he didn’t stir. John crawled back into the shelter to rouse him. He slapped his cheek gently. “C’mon, wake up.” Still nothing. Fresh alarm swept over John. It was too dim to assess Sherlock properly, and without hesitation, John smashed the roof of the shelter aside, letting the sun in. Sherlock lay still on his back as if he were sleeping, but his skin was an unhealthy shade of grey, and his lips were a ghastly blueish colour.
Sherlock takes a final look at himself in the mirror and straightens his bowtie before unlocking the door and walking down the hallway to the living room.
John’s fingers withdraw, leaving him empty and wanting. But then the plug nudges against him, and there is pressure, pushing, pushing, pushing until it breaches him and slides in, filling him, and he gasps and grips the edge of the desk a little harder.
“Yes. An electromagnetic pulse is a short burst of electromagnetic energy. It could be naturally occurring – for instance, from a solar flare or a lightning strike, or it could be man-made. A nuclear electromagnetic pulse – or NEMP results from a nuclear explosion. And yes. Such a pulse could destroy an electrical grid. Just think of everything that we depend on for our everyday lives. As time goes on, we’ll depend on these things for even more. You have a computer?”
He told himself that his concern was dispassionate, that he would have felt that way about any of his fellow travellers. But it wasn’t true. Sherlock was brilliant and fascinating and…yes, gorgeous. But It was more profound than that, and John couldn’t make sense of what he was feeling. Maybe it was the vulnerability Sherlock had displayed during the turbulence when he invited John to hold his hand. Whatever it was, he was not going to sit here any longer waiting for fate to play out. He was going to get them out of here. And he wasn’t going to leave without Sherlock. This was as much a battlefield as the sands of Iraq. And Captain John Watson did not intend to lose a man. Not this time. Not again.
Sherlock can’t answer. He’s overwhelmed by the idea of what he is sure is about to happen and that he wants it. He doesn’t hear the voice of his father or Sebastian, and his inner voice is quiet. He is conscious only of John’s hands and mouth on his body.
. The sun is low in the sky as he waits for John to get home from the hospital. Sherlock drums his fingers against the guitar on his lap. Since John is working late, he’s had some extra time to play. He’s sitting cross-legged on a cushion on one of the reclining deck chairs. He hasn’t picked up his guitar since he’s been here, and it feels good to have it under his arm again.
The judge asks, “Counselor, how does your client plead…” but Sherlock doesn’t pay attention to the rest. He’s looking through the glass and into the viewing room. It’s crowded, and he’s searching for Myc.
“Trousers. No jeans.” Six o’clock. Soon. Just enough time to let him prepare and simmer, but not enough to lose his nerve.
John picked up two boxes and walked over to Sherlock, holding out a box marked “Turkey.” “You should eat. You didn’t eat on the plane.”
Playing this song brings back happy memories. His mom always teased him that the blackbird was his “spirit animal” and told him that the blackbird totem represented knowledge, intelligence, and quick wit. He didn’t believe in such nonsense as spirit animals, and she knew it. It was their little joke. He closes his eyes and pictures her face as he sings.
Sherlock studied John with a look of confusion, and John could almost see the gears turning in his head. Had John missed something? He was sure Sherlock hadn’t said anything about an accident. Maybe the Oxy was affecting his memory. Then Sherlock took a breath, opened his mouth to speak, closed it, and then looked away, saying, “Never mind. It’s not important.”
John takes his hand again and tugs him around the sofa and down a hallway. There is a chair outside the door of what Sherlock assumes is the bedroom.
“You, doctor. Get back to your seat. Your skills, while I’m sure they are admirable, can’t bring those people back. Go on now.” The man who called himself Moriarty made a shooing motion with his hand.
John pours glasses of bourbon, and the two men watch Sherlock devour the pizza like he hasn’t eaten in days. After a few moments, he realizes they haven’t said a word, and he looks up and asks, “Do I have pizza on my face or something?”
Sherlock looked down at their joined hands for a moment, then up through his thick lashes to meet John’s gaze. The candlelight danced in his blue eyes, and the effect was so seductive that John had the urge to fling the table aside and take Sherlock in his arms. But he resisted that urge and instead licked his lip.
John withdrew, wrapped his arms around Sherlock, and kissed the back of his neck tenderly. “I guess your tobacco list has some value after all,” he whispered.
“I’ll miss you too, Wig. We’ll email, OK? Maybe Mrs. H. can work that into your GED study—writing me newsletters. And when we come back next summer, I want to see that diploma!”
“You’re putting muscle on so beautifully, Sherlock, it suits you.” He palms the roundness, pulls aside the left cheek and uses his finger to follow the crevice down to Sherlock’s hole. He begins to press and circle it with the pad of his thumb. Sherlock clenches, still shy about exposing this forbidden part of himself to anyone, even John, who knows him, his body, more thoroughly than he does himself. John kisses the base of his spine.
He teases him a bit more and then makes his way up to find his lips and they kiss, a slow, tender, good morning kiss with just a little tongue, and then a little more until the kisses are deep and passionate and Sherlock’s long limbs are wrapped around John like an octopus. He starts to formulate the request for relief just as John says, “Not now. I have plans.” After disentangling himself, he practically drags Sherlock out of bed to get him moving, and he’s groaning as he makes his way to the bathroom.
“The seven innocents in that room. And your brother here. That’s quite a bit of leverage, don’t you agree?”
He begins moving. In. Out. His hands are on John’s hips, and his eyes are closed. The sensation of topping is more localized than bottoming. He’s totally focused on his dick. He opens his eyes and looks down in fascination as it disappears into John’s body.
Settling into the other lounge chair, John motions for Sherlock to join him. John spreads his legs, and Sherlock sits between them, leaning back against John’s chest. Together, they look at the night sky. Sherlock’s head is buzzing from the wine, and his limbs are heavy.
John shakes his head and looks up into the branches above them, feigning exasperation. “That woman. I can’t think of a rule you broke, but you are making me want to put you over my knee right here.”
Sherlock nods, his eyes still glued to the plug held between John’s fingers. It’s not that big, certainly nowhere near as large as John.
“Occupied,” says John loudly, then more quietly to Sherlock, “No one comes in here without knocking first. It’s an unwritten rule. He grins. “I’m not the only one with a gorgeous boyfriend. Let’s get you cleaned up, and on your way home, I’ve got work to do.”
“The doctor’s in with him now. If you’ll have a seat in the guest lounge, someone will let you know when you can see him,” said the nurse at the reception desk on the ninth floor.
Even though John and Myc are cordial, and might even be plotting behind his back about god knows what, there is a tension between them, a rivalry even. John seems to be flaunting his closeness and influence over Sherlock, something Myc has never been able to achieve, and this thought makes Sherlock’s lip quirk up in a lopsided grin.
“Now you’re ready for the tub. Go get in. I’ll be right behind you.” Sherlock exits the shower stall as John washes himself quickly and efficiently. Sherlock lowers himself into the fragrant bath, and the water is hot, but not too hot. It's soothing and luxurious, and he sinks down until the water is at his chin.
