“We can, I don’t know, say more people are invited. I could even invite Sam.” Dean frowned. Cas added, “He could sleep on the guest room.”
When they separated, panting, Dean heard slick noises and loud breaths next to them. He turned around, seeing himself and Cas making out.
He had no freaking idea how, but he had something that was worth fighting for and he wouldn't give up on it.
Cas offered a shy smile and left. Dean couldn’t help the little flutter in his chest after that. It was still scary sometimes, the effect Cas had on him.
“C’mon, babe. You always do it to me. I wanna show you how good it can feel. Only one?” With his index finger, he teased the crack of Cas’ ass over his underwear, stopping it right above his hole.
“We’re locked in a janitor’s closet, Dean.” Dean only raised his eyebrows, wondering what was that supposed to mean. “In-between classes. Dammit, we’ve already been here so long and- what if we get caught?”
“And we’ll be there, too. Are you sure this isn’t about the fact that he’s going to seduce the guy?”
Any other day, Dean’s plans would’ve been completely different than staying in —there, out of all places— since it was 5 in the afternoon, but he would make the most of his time alone with Cas.
At Dean’s, there were no parents until 6 pm, but there was Sammy. They couldn’t just make something up to justify why they wouldn’t want to spend time with him as well.
Things went down exactly like they’d expected them, smoothly uneventful. They’d at least managed to spend time together, despite Cas’ dad being around, but it was better than nothing, and they could kiss goodbye in the doorway before Dean left.
They fell asleep, but Dean woke up exalted after a while, noticing it was 1 am. He sighed,  relaxing. They still were on time.
Cas didn’t say anything else, just internalized that Dean was also naked on his bed, horny, thinking about him and jacking off. He bit his lips, then released them. He wouldn’t fake anything, but he didn’t want to actively stop himself from making sounds, either.
Dean took a greasy fry from the basket and ate it. He brushed his fingers “clean” on his pants out of habit, then exchanged his empty plate with Cas’, which had a still untouched burger on it.
Dean studied the way his hand moved on Cas' skin and how Cas' body reacted to it. He was glad to see Cas didn’t take long before starting dripping, so he slowed down, a little too excited about stretching the moment.
“I’m so sure, Dean.” Cas kissed the tip of his nose, then his lips. “I'm sorry. You're right, I should've asked for your permission to do that. I did it because-” Cas looked away. “For me, there’s no fun if I know we’re both pretending. Like this, for a moment, in a way, it was real.”
being honest, Castiel could tell. “But for the sake of this relationship, I don’t think we should do it again.”
“Mom!” Dean looked over at Cas, who choking on something and blushing. “We were playing Call of Duty.”
Cas was lying on the left side of the bed when Dean walked into the bedroom again. He was under the covers and looked asleep.
“You don’t have to apologize for that, Cas.” Dean pulled back, noticing how relaxed he felt after the embrace. “Are we good?”
In fact, only after they’d kissed was that Dean felt a familiar pressure increasing against his thigh.
Cas’ wrists struggled some more against him. Dean pulled back to make sure the grip was still alright.
Dean wrapped his arm around Cas. Having him near, holding him, showing him how much he cared for him —the weight it took off his shoulders was so giant he wouldn’t have believed it.
When he found it, buried under hunting guns and utilities in Baby’s trunk, memories quickly flooded him: his childhood, all the difficult moments Air Supply got him through, all the times he shared it with Sammy so they wouldn’t feel alone when their dad wasn’t around.
One day, Cas invited Dean to his place after school to have lunch. His dad was a writer and he worked at home, so there were no real plans for anything more than what just-friends wouldn’t do: eating, maybe watching some YouTube, and then playing videogames.
Dean gasped, enjoying it right away. Cas kept the humping motions from before and Dean really wanted to touch himself, actually started to, but realized he wanted to focus on Cas and only Cas.
Cas propped up himself on his elbow without quitting the kiss, leaning more firmly over Dean. His hand went to hold the semi-muscular bicep, a little too lost on how it felt, flexing underneath his touch as Dean pulled Cas closer to him.
“Because it can fuck us up. It’s not easy to maintain a friends with benefits relationship. Hell, I don’t think there even is a right way.”
When he opened his eyes, he found Cas sitting there, cross-legged, looking down at him, and with a plate on his lap.
Through the cotton of his boxers, Cas was stiff and burning hot. Dean slipped his thigh between Cas’ legs, because two could play that game.
He kissed Cas’ temple, then his cheek, then his jaw. Cas’ breaths tickled Dean’s ear, making it warm. Dean started loosening the knot of Cas’ tie, while Cas’ hands clutched his waist. Once the knot was loose, Dean continued to kiss his neck while unbuttoning his shirt.
Dean leaned his head back, just enough to see Cas’ face. He was glad to meet with a slow nod and soft eyes.
“Yeah.” Cas passed his thumb over Dean’s bottom lip slowly. It was a little swollen and wet with saliva. “We’ve never had so much time to do that.”
Cas rolled his eyes at the silly line. Dean rolled on the bed, giggling, then sat on the edge. “Wait,” he said, holding his index finger up.
“Are you sure you’re okay with it, Cas?” Dean asked from his bed, right before Castiel opened the door.
“Pineapple is a fruit and pizza is supposed to be a savory meal,” he explained, titling his head to the side.
He held Cas' shoulder, then slowly traced down his arm under Cas' watchful eyes. Dean returned the hand back to the shoulder, then slid it behind his neck.
With his free hand, Dean grabbed Cas’ shoulder, slowly turning him around. His fingers left Cas, going to hold his hips in place.
Cas shrugged. He said, “Unless you want to get a snack or something.” Dean grinned. “No, don’t say i-”
“Dean,” Cas said, lovingly and not mad at all, despite what had just happened. “I want this. That.” He looked at the real them, focusing on Dean’s sucking mouth. “I want your fingers in me. I jack off to the thought of you filling me up. With your fingers, with your cock, with everything you can give me.”
Now it was Dean’s turn to look over his shoulder, through closing eyelids and fluttering lashes. Cas was paler than him, so the arousal made him look redder, blushed not only on his face but also around his neck and collarbone. And holy mother of Christ,
Dean and Cas separated, Cas lushed and panting. Gabriel clapped his hands, with that smug smirk of his, while Dean frowned so much he was self-conscious about it.
Sam swiped some photos on the tablet; they showed a group of three guys with black clothes performing on different stages.
Sam stared at him. Then he looked away, put a hand on Dean’s shoulder and stood up. Like he’d had enough already —not that Dean would blame him. Drama was and would always be exhausting.
Then Cas implied Dean was a role model, and Dean—he just couldn’t believe that Cas, an ancient being that had seen the creation of the world, thought so highly of him.
The kissing was dirty by then. Cas panted back from Dean’s mouth and they took a moment to just breath.
“I’m kinda jealous, though,” Cas said, cupping Dean’s cheek, “I really wanted to have a part on that.”
Dean, fixing his eyes on Cas —damn it, how were they so dark already?— moved his hand from the loops to the buckle of the belt, undoing it along the slacks button and zipper.
“I’ll play it for you in the war room speakers,” Cas said, turning off the faucet and breaking the moment.
“I don’t, Dean, okay? I certainly don’t. But something is definitely going on. And I’m sorry for worrying, but whatever this is, it deserved that lights flickered and shit like the first time he stepped a foot on Earth.”
Cas intervened in the conversation with a crazy thought, an impulse of an idea, with something that clearly was off the table: “I could seduce him.”
Cas hugged Dean back, his hands on Dean’s waist. He nuzzled against Dean’s neck, sending chills down his spine. He whispered against his shoulder, “You don’t have to lie to me.”
The kiss was a lot messier than before —coordinating a jerking hand and lips was already complicated enough, and they had slightly different patterns in the movements of their hands.
Den let go of Cas’ face and stopped for a moment, only petting his hair. “Will you swallow?” he asked. “You don’t have to, sweetheart.”
Cas took the bowl again and put it on his thighs. He said something about practicality and equal distances from the snack for Sam and Dean.
Dean unbuttoned the white dress shirt, leaving a trail of kisses on the exposed skin. He loosened the blue tie and pulled it over Cas’ head. Finally, Cas shook himself out of the shirt, jacket, and coat.
Dean turned off the faucet after he cleaned up like an automated robot. He stepped out of the shower, dried off and put on his clean underwear and pajamas.
Dean relaxed again. “I get it. I mean I’ve surely fantasized about your dick in my ass, but… it’s kinda scary.”
“It’s what their mother did, apparently. Eileen sent me all the lore she could find on familiars anyway. She’s moving to another case closer to where she is.”
Dean was just blissed out just from smelling so much like Cas since he used his soap, and knowing that they could spend the night cuddled together was more than enough for him.
“Except things from the pile on the- behind the- I think it’s in the closet floor now. That’s all dirty laundry.”
. Dean looked up, finding so much caring in those blue eyes he almost shivered. Cas added, “So maybe you can start enjoying the music I like.”
Cas just walked in, no knocking, no nothing. He just stepped in and pretty much stood in front of the TV. He had this annoyed but remorseful face: jaw tensed, eyes soft.
The mental image got Dean going, but that sigh, that tone, “Listen, Cas, you don’t have to do this only because you wanna make me feel better.”
Once in his bedroom, he grabbed pen and paper to write the list of songs. He was still on the second word when he was startled by someone opening the door.
Sam sat behind the map table and opened a file on the tablet. Dean leaned over his shoulder to look and Cas did the same.
Dean’s shoulders tensed in the slightest way. Castiel was glad to see the effect he had on someone as gorgeous and experienced as Dean.
“I care about you,” he finally said. Realizing he’d been silent for too long, it was probably a miracle Cas hadn’t left the room by now. “I just-I can’t deal with it. I’m not good with feelings. And I don’t wanna hurt you. If all of this, skin and sex, was something we both wanted, I was willing to have that, at least.” He wet his lips again and took a deep breath. “I wasn’t and I don’t think I’ll ever be ready to talk about it.”
Almost hidden by all the dishes, there was a red and pink card with white letters on it. It read “For Sam and Dean”.
Dean nodded. He looked at Cas. At his humanity. At the fact that he was right there on the flesh. Alive. Safe. He remembered everything he’d told him before-
He wrapped his lips around the head and suctioned, not getting it past his teeth yet. Cas snapped his head back.
Dean was sure his forehead would be marked for life with the lines of his current frown. “Sam, you cannot be serious about considering that.”
Cas turned to him, eyes soft on Dean. Was he imagining that? That little spark, the light behind his eyes, the thousands of unsaid words that Dean was thinking about— Was Cas feeling that too?
“As long as you’re okay with it, I’d like to feel you,” one of his thumbs moved to Cas’ navel, traveling south to the tent on his jeans.
“I’m checking further into their backgrounds. This guy was kicked out from three schools and had to move over states because he sacrificed his classmates pets.”
Dean would've made an arrogant joking comment on that, but he couldn't. He was giving something else a lot of thought.
The conversation focused on Dean, and as he tapped the mark on his right forearm and terrible memories crossed his thoughts, he realized he didn’t deserve such esteem coming from Cas.
Shaking, he remembers his promise of a video. He wants to. He wants Dean thinking of him over the next few days. To want Cas as much as he wants Dean at this moment.
“In a manner of speaking, yes,” Dean fumbles out, really looking at the man. Dean knows his name is Castiel Novak and that he moved to Edenton three years ago. He’s a loner, over a decade older than Dean, and owns a farm a few miles out surrounded by the sound, trees, and wildflower fields on another. Novak sells his honey raw, in soaps, and lotions. None of the newspaper articles have really captured the raw masculine beauty of the man behind the little table though. Blue eyes the color of the brightest sky, dark messy hair, straight long nose, and a sharp handsome face peer curiously at Dean. His head cocked to the side as if he’s reading Dean like a book. His own eyes perusing, Dean can practically feel the other man’s eyes roam his body, creating goosebumps in the southern heat.
“Dean!” Cas' voice calls across the parking lot, his long legs eating the distance between the two of them. Standing before Dean, he looks determined and unbothered by Gabriel’s merciless ribbing. “Dean, would you like to get some lunch with me?”
“They do not! You big fat liar, Kali has got you completely tamed since you guys married,” Charlie laughs and throws a few peanut M&M’s at Gabe, who tries to catch them with his mouth.
“It’s just a quick warm-up, sun salutation really. I know you frequent the gym, but I think yoga can add a little bit more flexibility to your strength.”
Inching closer, but still far enough away for him to react if Cas attacks, he calls out to Cas again, hand outstretched, “Castiel. Jack’s hurt. You need to let him go.”
Castiel looks at him, eyes so big and fathomless. Calm ocean waters or a darkening clear sky. His voice deep, and barely audible, “And a good son for staying and taking care of her.”
Cas is the lead singer of this particular song, “Wake Up, Dean!” Which is a particular favorite of Dean’s, he tells people it’s because he pretends to sleep, but mostly it’s because the love of his life dances around him and belts out;
Cas turns the car over, revving the engine a few times to Eileen’s delight. She proclaims she can feel the vibrations in the seat underneath her when Cas punches it down the road. The car roars and Dean laughs when he sees John pop his head out the front door.
“It’s alright. Charlie is the one who told me about this place, she’s a few units over. I’m assuming she told you?”
Dean can only look up and look back down at his phone, completely in shock. Cas is quick, grabbing the phone from Dean’s loose hands. He reads it quickly, eyes darting back and forth across the text.
“Yes, love, coffee and kisses.” Dean only barely registers being called love, but he definitely hears it in Cas’ voice as he drifts to sleep.
Feeling playful, Dean nips at Cas’ lips, “I want to stop fuckin’ talkin’ and I want you to kiss me.”
Switching over to video call has its own technical problems, but they eventually make it and Dean fills his phone screen. They’ve both got their phones propped up on their nightstands. It’s almost like they are lying next to each other. Dean’s face is lit up with a blush, making the freckles stand out even more and his green eyes seem dark in the video. He’s shirtless, in bed, just like Castiel. The glow of his bedside lamp casts a warm creamy light over him and it takes Castiel’s breath away.
They eat and when the plates are cleared, Dean hops up and grabs them to rinse and put in the dishwasher. Castiel sits at the table and watches him with a pensive look on his face. A new beer in his hand, Dean grabs the bottle of wine from the fridge and pours more into Castiel’s glass.
Grimacing, Sam knows that particular topic is a hornet’s nest that he doesn’t want to stir up. Dean has always gone against the grain and refuses to adhere to the stereotypical Omega traits. Always railing against the bigotry and stupidity of Omega stereotypes, he takes great pleasure in not being a typical Omega. Refusing to get mated after he fell pregnant from a one-night-stand, being the provider and putting Sam through school, and owning a garage are just some ways that Dean bucks the secondary gender norms.
Dean huffs out, reaching for his phone on the nightstand and bringing it closer to his face. His eyes are positively blown out with arousal.
“Sure, man. Appreciate it,” answers Dean, settling on the bench, “Didn’t know this was your gym too. You live close to here?”
“Yes, I’m good, you’re not going to hurt me,” Dean hurriedly rushes out, pulling on Cas’ shoulders impatiently.
“It's a quick dance, basically what we sing about but with added movement in the beginning,” Castiel says, twirling Charlie around one more time. Dean pulls out his guitar, placing the strap over his shoulder, and starts strumming the tune for
They lie together, limbs tangled, skin cooling in their bed, in between their sheets. Dean’s arms wrapped around Castiel.
“No,” Dean says and swallows, looking up at Cas, “They didn’t even give me a chance. My Mom… she told me she minded and she didn’t want to talk about it. We left the next morning.”
With small undulations of his hips, he drags his member against Castiel’s and they fuck Dean’s fist together. But it’s not enough… Dean feels the itch in his blood… he wants more.
“On your knees,” Castiel orders and Dean drops down like a marionette cut loose. He pulls Cas towards him, nuzzling and kissing up Castiel’s legs, his stomach, his cock. It’s a tight fit but Dean makes it work. Cas smells so strongly of sweat that Dean eagerly swallows him down, anxious to taste his skin.
Dean sits on his heels and he waits, head bowed. After a while, his knees start to ache a little, but he doesn’t dare to shift off of them. This is a test and he dips into a zone of rapture knowing he’s doing something inherently pleasing for Castiel. He thinks of water, like Castiel’s eyes, and the desire that ebbs and flows like waves between them.
The rest of the interview is just like all the others, asking about training, rehearsals, etc. It's mundane and boring and Dean lets Castiel do most of the talking. When they signal off, Dean is relieved. His least favorite part of the gig is the interviews from professional networks, now if fans did the interviews… that’d be a whole different story. Kids ask the greatest questions.
“Everything you do does it for me,” Cas murmurs back, pulling out their food from the fridge, “But Willie Nelson? Not so much.”
With the tattoo of his heart beating loudly in his ears, Dean tries to wet his mouth. His thoughts are like molasses moving viscously through his brain.
“With the title of the show, I thought it’d look a little more Garden of Eden and less Disney Bronson Canyon,” Dean comments, fingers teasing Castiel’s upper arm.
This is one of the best Christmases they’ve had in a long time and Sam dreads going back home to California. He’s talked to Garth, wishing the man happy holidays, but preparing him for their arrival home. Ever the optimist, Garth seemed unfazed by the recent developments and wished Sam a happy Christmas and that he’s got Castiel an appointment first thing when they get back. He’s got the paperwork ready and some referrals for Castiel in Sioux Falls.
It’s a full two days in their roundabout picturesque route, the moving company had already delivered his household goods to his new condo, when something clicks in Dean. He’s been ruminating and thinking and spending all this time in his head… when Sam has always been the one to help him sort his thoughts out. They’ve parked the Impala at a scenic overlook, gazing out into the valley and the towns speckled through the trees.
Shaking and breathing like he’s just run a marathon, his companion is white as a ghost. Castiel’s diamond blue eyes are big and unseeing. Spurred into action, Sam packs everything up. Swearing internally and furiously thinking that he’ll never get Castiel out of the house again.
Swallowing the lump of anxiety in his throat, Dean looks at his brother and only sees easy acceptance. “You’re fine with it?”
“I don’t have to do everything you say, you ass,” Cas mutters thinking Dean can’t hear him, and Dean can hear the slam of the drawer where they keep their toothbrushes. Dean’s socked feet don’t make heavy thuds on the wood floor, but he moves fast and he’s in Cas’ face before the other man expects.
“Dean-” Sam starts, eyes welling up, but Dean waves him off and pulls him into another hug. “You take care of each other, ok? Let Cas help you. He loves you. We love you. And we want what’s best for you, ok?”
Agreeing with the black bean crumble, but not the tofu and definitely not the abomination that is vegan cheese, Castiel grabs one of their market bags and decides to walk the few miles to the store. He’s never done it before, walked by himself, but in good conscience he cannot butcher Mary Winchester’s recipe and feed Sam’s nephew a Frankenstien’s monster of a meal. The walk is pleasant, it’s just the start of summer so the heat isn’t unbearable, and when he reaches the cool air conditioned grocery store it’s a relief. His skin cools rapidly and he breaks out in goosebumps.
” The Alpha’s voice is so deep and hesitant and broken that it makes Dean want to scream in frustration.
“That’s great, Mom,” Dean’s voice wobbles, so he clears his throat again. Cas crosses the tub, sitting next to Dean and resting a hand on the nape of his neck. Giving him a soft empathetic smile.
“I apologize for rushing you out of your parents’ home,” Cas states as a follow-up, running his fingers along the wheel and not looking at Dean, “But I wanted to avoid that for you. I wanted to protect you and to have control of the situation. I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t think… I didn’t think that you may have wanted to talk to your parents.”
“Cas,” Dean pants, chasing those pink-lined lips and the pleasure that they bring Dean. Fingers clutching on the sides of Castiel’s blue linen shirt.
“Is there still lube in there?” Dean asks, taking another large gulp. He’s pretty much done, so he puts it to the side.
Sam’s mind screeches, must like the dial-up internet of so long ago, his eyes blur as he stares at their God-kid who just patiently watches him.
Slow, so slow that every thrust is like a dance in itself, Dean loses himself in the legato roll of their bodies. They both breathe harshly, inhales and exhales intermingle with kisses messy full of laughter. Cas’ lips in a soft open smile and his eyes half-lidded but locked onto Dean’s own.
“Breathe, love,” Cas commands, hands running down Dean’s side and Dean gasps for air. The feeling of Cas’ cock pressed into him is so foreign, he feels so full and Cas waits patiently for him to adjust.
“My cock isn’t the one she wants to see,” Dean snorts. They find Dean’s Wiggle clothes and Cas helps dress Dean, soft kisses and petting like he always does after anything sexual.
“I don’t want to go into details,” Dean grunts out. Frankly, he’s embarrassed. They spent months together, Castiel thinking the entire time they were dating and Dean was too dense to realize it. Or is it the other way? Dean doesn’t even know. Couple of dumbasses, the two of them.
Dean is in his own mind, on autopilot really, until he has his keys out and in front of his door. He looks up when he hears someone clear his throat.
As they enter the cafe, a middle-aged bottle-blonde waitress saddles up next holding a pot of coffee and kisses his cheek, “Mornin’ sugar, coffee and the paper?”
“Don’t sugar coat it, Cas,” Dean growls out, “In the shower, he goes flying across the room and crashes into the bathroom door. Nearly ripped it off the hinges!”
His mother had already made a little sound of disappointment when Dean had informed her that he was bringing Cas, his friend and bandmate, home with him instead of a new love interest.
Castiel knows if he spent less time outside that he would have fewer symptoms, but he can’t give up his fresh air. Not after spending so long shackled inside a small windowless bedroom.
Renting a quaint vacation home a few towns over, Dean is glad to sink into the hot tub at the end of the day. The twilight has painted the sky a brilliant shades of purple, oranges, and reds. Dean relaxes and lets out a long sigh of pure contentment. The water is even more scorching than the hot springs. It’s even better than the springs, because he’s naked and when Cas joins him he’ll be naked too. Cas brings a couple of white wine glasses over, more refreshing than any kind of chemical buzz.
“That’s alright, sweetheart. You may have pulled on them too hard, you have to relax next time,” Castiel tuts, untying him. Massaging his arms and wrists, Dean watches Castiel’s big hands bring life back into the zinging nerves.
“That sounds agreeable, will you queue it up?” Cas asks, spreading out the quilt and making the bed with military precision.
. With every exaltation passing Cas’ lips, Dean’s body tingles with the crest of his orgasm until he can no longer take it and explodes between them. He feels Cas press into him and come himself, the swelling of warmth deep inside of him.
Charlie, exuberant and a ball of energy herself, starts singing the song and strumming her ukulele. Dean joins in and Gabe, still on the bank, starts yodeling and inching his way to dip his toes into the creak. Charlie and Dean start laughing and pointing at Gabe, elbowing each other and smiling at his antics. They continue the song, the words rolling off Dean's lips easily.
“We should get you a phone and a tablet,” Sam states suddenly, “This way they can bug you about you and not me. And let you call your family overseas. ”
“Beach first,” Dean insists, a small grin on his face though he says the words seriously with a finger pointing.
The air, smelling of flowers from the small garden and grass fills his nostrils and Castiel practically gasps it in. His lungs burn and he can feel and hear his quickening pulse.
The two men stare at each other, John is unaccustomed to being questioned, particularly in his own home and Castiel…well,
His sassy comment makes Dean chuckle even more, but their conversation is interrupted by a hoarse shout of
“I’m going to open you up and fuck you, just the way you are,” Castiel states, breath blowing on the damp from the lingering wet kisses.
“And that’s why I sent the video, he wants me and I want him. So I sent it, but when it was all said and done… I felt horrible about sending it. Used, dirty, a tool like before. An object to use for his own sexual gain,” Castiel murmurs, twisting his fingers tight till the blood stops and rushes back in when he lets go.
“Stop, c’mon Cas, you made your point. We’re all tired, emotions are running high, let’s talk about this later… it’s Christmas… just drop it,” Dean states, stepping between them and pries his father’s fingers from Castiel’s sweater..
Castiel runs through a morning routine, focused on flexibility and breathing. Neither one of them break a sweat. Nowadays, he only stops briefly to adjust Dean’s form and continues on.
With a wolfish grin, Cas places a sweet kiss at the corner of Dean’s lips. His voice so deep and sexy that Dean shudders and trembles at his words while Cas continues to tease him, “We aren’t quite doing that right now, sweetheart. I’ll plan something special just for you later, hmmm? Let me take care of you now. What else? My fingers? My tongue?”
Everything around him is startlingly beautiful. Even Castiel, his soft white button-up shirt swaying around his body in the breeze. The khaki shorts showcasing the long powerful legs and thighs. The stupid hippy sandals on his feet.
“I didn’t know, when I purchased the condo that we’d be neighbors,” Cas murmurs, stepping in after Dean and toeing off his shoes at the door.
” Dean answers, obviously distracted at fluffing up the pillow behind him and then freezing. Even with the dim lighting of the bedroom, Castiel can see a scarlet blush paint on Dean’s cheeks down his neck and over his bare chest.
“Well, again… you smell like each other and someone else, faint but an Omega,” Cain teases with a mischievous look.
“No, no, please,” Dean pleads in a panic, holding on tightly to his best friend. He’s messed up, he doesn’t want Cas to leave. But Castiel slips through his fingers and into his own bunk, shutting the curtains hastily.
“Yes, promise,” Dean would be embarrassed by the neediness of his voice, but right now he’s too impatient. Driven to the brink of his pleasure, his mind has one single focus of getting Cas’ cock.
Cas touches his shoulder, first tentatively, and then grasping it in shock, “Dean?” He’s alarmed, worried. “My love...Dean...what happened?”
“And we know that, honey,” Mary explains, voice soothing trying to keep the peace, “I think your father is more concerned at how it looks.”
He’d plant wet nibbling kisses down his abdomen, trailing his lips down his Adonis belt and soft licks over his shaft. Hands pulling and massaging the tender flesh. And only when his Alpha was truly ready, soft noises and pleas uttering from those lush lips… he would swallow him down. Swirling his tongue around the head applying enough suction to make Castiel’s toes curl. He’d watch him through his lashes. Watch the cords of his neck tighten, his mouth drop open in bliss. They’d lock eyes, the beautiful blue a halo around a sea of black arousal.
“He’s an intelligent young man, he’s absolutely destroyed me in the word and trivia games,” Castiel comments offhandedly, making Dean chuckle.
“But I don’t want to,” Jack sighs, “They are just mischievous ghosts, not violent yet. They really just didn’t like Cas and Dean.”
His father grunts, fiddling with the remote in his hand. He opens his mouth and then shuts it, whatever he was going to say is interrupted by Cas bringing him coffee. His love bends over and kisses him, instinctually Dean returns the kiss. Simply loving the press of Cas’ lips against his own, Dean’s hand cupping his face sweetly. The chaste kiss warms Dean up with affection better than any coffee could. Dean even hums at the taste of peppermint on Cas’ lips, smiling at the thought that Cas must have dipped into the peppermint schnapps with Millie.
“Hey guys,” Sam calls out before the two of them go to their room up the next flight of stairs, “Just wanted to let you know there is no case.”
. The mixture of Sam’s routine schedule and being a farm hand on Cain’s land has done him wonders. His doctors are impressed with his shape, his health, and his mood. Castiel will even brush his hair and take his medications under his own volition now. He’s not all healed, he still has dark days where he struggles to get out of bed, but Castiel can admit to himself that he is much improved from the shell that was dropped off like damaged goods at Sam Winchester’s door.
They embrace in the shower, Cas’ hands are soft and sure while he touches down Dean’s back reverently. Soft kisses become more heated and they finish their shower quickly, practically tumbling out, kissing desperately while they dry each other off. Eventually, their limbs tangle as they fall onto the bed.
Dean prompts, his words practically a purr, pulling at his own underwear. The band snaps loudly against Dean’s skin and Cas’ whimpers in want.
The Officer looks a little surprised, but he masks it quickly and the small pleased smile is his response.
With their walks every morning and the light weight lifting for physical therapy, Sam could see some muscle and fat returning to Castiel’s frame. His lean form showcased in his swimming trunks. On his stomach, reading a book Sam had just grabbed from his last trip, Sam can see the corded muscles in Castiel’s arms holding him up. But what is even better to Sam, is the look of amusement lining Castiel’s face at the book he’s reading. Sam had laughed when he had picked out the book, flipping through the pages he caught a snippet of the woman sticking a cat in a boot after it had eaten some lace.
“I am so sorry, Dean,” Cas whispers out, his face distressed and his body tense and locked up. He can see the rise and fall of Castiel’s chest, quick and shallow breaths, almost hyperventilating. Looking away from Dean in abject misery. Dean can see the watering of Castiel’s eyes and the waves of humiliation radiating from him are almost tangible.
“Your pup is ok,” Cas whispers, picking out an economy size creamy peanut butter while a young Omega woman with her child in the grocery cart glances over at him. Castiel doesn’t meet her eyes, instead he looks down at his jeans and Dean’s boots, worn and comfortable. He can only follow the path these shoes have trod.
Ending the video call is hard that night, but Castiel does it, and with sleep he dreams about what it fully means to be with Dean.
“I’ll set it for five,” Dean immediately regrets it, but he grabs his phone and sets his alarm back two hours. He scoots over and opens the bed quilt up for Cas to be a little spoon. He watches with some heat when Cas removes his shirt and pants, sliding into Dean’s arms. Dean’s fingers trace over the wings, down a feather and up. He remains transfixed by the amalgamation of color in Cas’ skin until his eyes blur from exhaustion. They get comfortable, legs slotted against each other, and Cas' very firm bottom right against his groin. Dean pulls Cas close, his tightening groin making the barest of twitches against the other man’s ass.
“I think that’s enough for now, we can venture into our kink list another time,” Cas answers, letting out a large breath. He comes near Dean, a little hesitant but eyes warm. Setting the orange juice in front of Dean, “Not coffee, but I can offer another kiss?”
“He was quiet when I left, a little sad I think,” Jack says softly, looking out the window as the trees pass them by.
They find Sam in the kitchen, Dean dropping the shoes loudly on the counter. “Well, Sam, this is all your fault. Call your girlfriend in Hell,” he quips angrily.
“We are married to each other,” Dean answers again, “Just celebrated our first year anniversary, actually.”
Groaning, not wanting his father to bleed to death and having to hear about it… Dean searches the yard while Sammy and his Pop watch. Picking up the caps and grumbling. Sam gets out a chair for his Pop to sit. He gets heckled by the peanut gallery a few times, but it’s all in good fun. Henry is tipsy by the time he finishes his beer.
He’s worked himself into what his MeeMaw would call a “tizzy.” Dean has let his emotions run away from him, and even being on camera as himself is a whole new experience. Seriously, he needs to reign it in and keep it together. He’s been doing different parts for different videos, though they have been mostly in a dog costume, for Charlie for years and he’s not going to mess this up! Dean tells himself to snap the fuck out of it. Cas, too, has been dancing on stage and touring with the band and he’s not acting like a nincompoop. The only difference today is that both Castiel and Dean are now official band members, donning the yellow shirt and purple shirt respectively.
“Huh, sure man,” Dean replies, sitting up a little straighter and letting out a sigh when Castiel hands him a new beer. Muttering thanks, he watches Castiel flip through the streaming service trying to find a movie for them all.
“Do you think we can stop at the bookstore?” Castiel asks, surprising even himself. He has his Kindle app at home and the internet, but something about going and getting an actual book to choose which flowers to plant seems like a good idea. Something he would have done in his past life. Grab a coffee and go to a bookstore to pass his time.
He’s hiding behind a car, sneaking a snack, when Charlie corners him with a concerned gaze. “Do you have a problem with Cas?” She asks, not beating around the bush.
“Gross, Charles. They were kids,” Dean retorts, throwing a pillow at her once she succeeds in her fight for the remote. The pillow smacks her face and falls to the floor, with all her might she throws it back to him. It hits him in the chest and he snugs it back against his chest and returns his arm to the back of the couch.
“You two are entertaining enough,” Dean comments, a smile tinging his lips. He takes a long pull of his beer, drains it, and sets it on the side table next to him. Licking his lips, he glances over at Castiel who meets his eyes. Steady, calm, blue eyes flit over his face and rest at Dean’s hands, making Dean sink into the gaze. He can feel the tension between them, rising and heady, clearing his throat Dean quickly glances away.
Sam expected anger and explosions, like what he had experienced and his father before him. What he didn’t expect was the quietly broken creature arriving on his doorstep. All bones and resignation.
Dean's breath gasps from him when Castiel grabs the spreader with both hands and does an exploratory quick thrust into Dean. Dropping his mouth open, Dean cries out at the feeling of his prostate being struck directly by Castiel’s thick cock.
Opening the front door, he’s hit with the smell of pure Alpha distress. Sam’s panic and downright fear burns his nostrils. It’s awful, makes his eyes water and his throat dry. “Sam?”
“Yeah, we went to college together. I was a music education major and she was… computer science? Or arts? I don’t actually remember, it was a while ago,” Dean tries to puzzle out, his fingers scrubbing along the back of his neck. Castiel nods, he’s a few years younger than the rest of them, Dean knows from Charlie that he’s Gabriel’s cousin.
,” mumbles Dean, petulantly. But Eileen tells him, her hands slowing down so Dean can understand, that he was definitely going to say Die Hard and he shouldn’t even bother to deny it.
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel exasperates, rolling his eyes heavenwards, “Why would I be under the impression that I was courting you this entire time if I didn’t desire to?”
His scent fills Sam’s senses, calm ocean waters that are salty and pure. Taking deep lungfuls, Sam relaxes instantly and the Officer quips his lips in a small smile. Knowingly stepping closer to Sam, to allow the Alpha to breath him in and to calm down in his presence. Sam takes in the arresting features of the Omega in front of him, sharp cheekbones, tan skin, and dirty blond hair. He’s big for an Omega too, almost as tall as Sam.
“Someone’s got you flustered,” Cain teases, setting down a strawberry rhubarb pie between the two of them and handing Cas a fork.
“Spending all the time with Cas… doesn’t leave much room to date? There aren’t any nice dancers?” Mary questions, her lip worrying between her teeth. She’s standing at the stove, waiting for the water to boil.
“He’s gonna think I’m weird,” Cas grumbles, overly embarrassed, and jerks his phone back into his pocket with clumsy fingers.
“I can answer that easily, I’d prefer for you to answer first,” Castiel replies cooly and evasively, his emotions brimming at the surface but instead of reacting he takes a long sip of his wine.
The shoes fell in front of Cas, who refused to catch them. Instead, Castiel looked at Dean with his normal exasperation. Swooping down and picking them up from the floor with a patented roll of his eye and sexy raised brow.
“And it is good to meet you too, Jack.” Castiel replies and actually means it, Jack feels like his own kid and he’s practically pumping out feel-good pheromones.
As Dean predicted, Castiel goes to school and Dean stays behind. Over the years, they do lose touch, becoming so busy in their own lives that their friendship fades away. That first year though, he feels like a chunk of himself is fourteen hours away and living a whole different life. Feeling like he needs to stem the emotional hemorrhaging, Dean does his best to keep up with Castiel’s comings and goings, but it’s hard and he allows doubt to creep in.
Sam appears at his elbow, quiet, and grabbing a few more beers from the fridge. The ladies of their lives look at them with disapproving frowns, Deanna even smacks Sam’s arm in reproach.
“Thank you,” Cas manages to get out and huffs out a little laugh, looking down at his sticky chest and huge inflamed knot.
Instead, a swooping, dizzying, loud ringing fills his ears and suddenly…. He’s the one with the shoes at his feet.
Becky jerks the iPad out of their faces and starts reading in her high pitched excited voice, ““After touring with the band as supporting members on and off for the last decade, the two Midwesterners have grown quite close. Winchester and Novak seem to be inseparable, rumors are they even have keys to each other's houses. Holiday shopping, sharing clothes, yoga classes, and even carpooling to work in Winchester’s classic hot rod. It's also not uncommon for Novak to refer to Winchester as his “rock” in previous interviews. How adorable, right?””
Squirming, with arousal and a little bit of annoyance, Cas answers hesitantly, “It’s been since college.”
Castiel has the two of them huddled against the large industrial green garbage bin at the side of the building. His body curled around Jack’s smaller one, from what he can see there is blood on them both and Castiel’s eyes are lit up with blood red Alpha rage. He’s lips in a snarl, his body ready to lunge at anyone who gets too close.
“This is more than kisses,” Cas teases, holding onto Dean’s hips. His big hands finding their way underneath Dean’s shirt. The heat of those long fingers burn into his skin.
“I swear, Charles, you’ve got major only-child syndrome,” Dean teases, putting Charlie’s head under his arm and ruffling her hair, “Your way or the highway.”
Dean nods and claps, “Good, I’ve got a much-needed reunion with my bed and someone on one time with my sheets.”
“Don’t ever pull crap like that again, Cas!  You can’t just race off into God knows what kind of danger without backup, without a plan.  You could have gotten yourself killed.”
comfortable.  It’s lubricant.  If you use it right, it makes things, uh, like slick or smooth, easier.  We didn’t have any last night, so that’s why I licked your hand and spit in mine.  Again, he was trying to hurt you, so even if he used lube, he, uh, didn’t do it right.  Sex shouldn’t hurt.  It feels good, like last night.  What happened to you was an attack, it’s just not the same, Cas.  You understand?”
Castiel wished he wouldn’t and for a moment he couldn’t decide if he should leave his back to Crowley or not, but as soon as Crowley slipped from view, Castiel felt compelled to turn and face him.  The demon moved slowly so it was simple to keep him in sight, but Castiel didn’t like that he had to turn his whole body to watch Crowley.  Eventually, he would have to shuffle his feet and the movement required him to step back somewhat and Castiel thought that made him appear afraid.  Crowley began ranting.
“What he did to you, it’s on him.  Sam has been trapping monsters his whole life almost, it would have been easy for him to trap someone who trusted him.  And if Sam can’t apologize to you then I will.  I’m truly sorry, Cas.  You deserve so much better.”
Recognizing a need for comfort, Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean, holding his friend close and hoping he was getting it right.  Castiel didn’t always grasp the full extent of human gestures, but he was determined to not let go of Dean until the hunter wanted him to.  Nothing could make him release his grip on the man in his arms.  Dean never allowed himself to be vulnerable, never took what he needed, but Castiel would happily give him everything.
His eyes are on Dean’s hands where he’s palming himself through his boxers. Dean nearly snorts, he should have known.  There are few things Cas seems to enjoy more than giving him a blowjob. It’s almost a little weird how enthusiastic he can be about getting Dean’s dick in his mouth. Of course, Dean doesn’t complain. He’d have to be insane to deny Cas.  No, he enjoys Cas’s weird little fetish just as much, so naturally he agrees.  He even lets Cas take his feet from the stirrups so he can turn on the table to where Dean’s moved closer to his head.
So far Castiel hadn’t lost his confidence in the plan, despite the unrelenting problems he encountered.  The real issue was Dean.  Castiel found the hunter’s reaction to being lied to inscrutable.  He had expected Dean to be upset, but not like this.  Dean had seemed angry, which was normal, but he had also seemed disappointed in Castiel and that felt like a piercing pain through his chest.
Feeling flustered at the implication, as if he’s been outed for being into Alphas, he searches for Sam. Finding him at the honey stand is an immense relief and he lets out an audible sigh.
“Good,” Castiel states softly, thumb pausing and hand pulling away leaving Dean chasing after that comforting steady feeling of their bodies close together. “I want you to think about that for the next couple of weeks, then ask me again. Think it through, Dean. Really know what you want from our relationship and don’t ask me until you're truly ready,” Castiel replies in a perfunctory manner.
“Hey Cas,” Sam calls standing at the back door, “It’s eight forty-five, we gotta get going to beat traffic.”
Hi! I hope you are all doing well and that this update is a pleasant surprise that brings a smile to your face. I decided spur of the moment that I'd post it today instead of tomorrow, I guess a makeup for posting a chapter a day late a couple chapters ago. ;) Just wanted to send out good vibes here lately. Last update, Cas and Jack were mugged, Sam met Officer Penikett, and so this week is the aftermath of those events. So, without further chatter... chapter 6 of UHC! Hooray!
He fucks into Dean, rhythm slow but deep. It’s perfect. Dean fists the sheets and then claws at Cas’ shoulders when his love kisses him sweetly. Cas keeps one hand on Dean’s dick, stroking it time with his thrusts. Quiet lovemaking, tender and affectionate.
“It is sort of like dancing,” Dean replies, scratching his chin, “We have to choreograph the lip-sync together and make sure we don’t stomp all over each other’s feet when we fake laugh.”
The one person that Sam has loved and taken care of for the past year? Who is his family, who is still healing?
“Dean, what did they do, what did she say?” He turns to his Mother incredulous that she wouldn’t stand up for his big brother, the brother that he idolizes. “Why can’t you accept him?” Sam rails, pushing Dean behind him as if protecting his brother from physical harm, “What is so wrong with your child being happy?”
Scoffing, about to throw a flippant response out at Cas, his friend silences him with one look. Castiel releases his face, his fingers drag against Dean’s jaw in a quick caress. Dean can’t help but to chase the touch, but he squashes all those feelings.
Now, he’s just trying to get Eileen to take him seriously. She’s been avoiding him, not that he blames her after the fiasco in the casino and learning that everything was orchestrated by Chuck. She needs her distance and Sam respects that. He does. He just wishes she’d truly talk to him rather than ride the waves of surface conversation.
“Worst case scenario it might fling back and cut into his leg. Then you’ll really hear it,” Pop states wisely, taking another long draw from his beer, hazel eyes twinkling.
“Beautiful, so much better,” Castiel whispers against the shell of his ear, goosebumps break out through his skin.
“I’ve had an enormous crush on you for the past three years,” Dean spits out, trying to distract him, which always works for Dean when he feels panicked, “We did a concert together, Charlie needed me as a backup guitarist that summer and I agreed. Cas, you are the most beautiful dancer I have ever seen. I couldn’t take my eyes off of you for that entire summer. I didn’t have the courage to talk to you then, I would have never had the courage to kiss you first. You kissing me… it’s the best goddamn thing that has ever happened to me. You are the best thing that has happened to me. No one, not a single relationship I’ve ever had comes close to what we have. You know my dating history, it’s been a train wreck.”
Dean hates emptying out the dishwasher, Castiel does it for him. Castiel doesn’t enjoy folding his clothes, he knows this because he usually has to get on Cas about doing laundry, and so with military precision all of his socks are mated up and his underwear rolled by Dean. They fit into each other’s lives like puzzle pieces. They are soft with one another. They plan their lives together, or at least the next steps. Using Garth’s extensive therapist network, Castiel will continue his exposure therapy with Dr. Pamela Barnes. Cain has friends on a sheep farm outside of Sioux Falls, and so Castiel already has a job lined up to be employed by Louisiana native Benny Lafitte, another Alpha who assists feral Alphas’ reassimilation into society.
Didn’t want to be, but he was. His Grandpa Samuel didn’t even bother to show up, which was a blessing, but his grandma Deanna was left floundering as she tried to make excuses for his lack of attendance. John was eerily silent and Mary… Mary looked like she would burst into tears at any moment. Her eyes red rimmed and shiny.
is definitely a trigger. He’ll have to bring it up to Garth, including it in his exposure therapy. Garth has been showing pictures of where he was kept, it makes his skin crawl and heart race every time he sees it. Every time he thinks about it… but eventually, he knows he’ll just see it as a room.
“Son of a bitch is cryptic, right? I feel like Indy wading through the pit of snakes, only to find that there is no Ark.”
“Uh... yeah, have had it since birth, docs thought I’d grow out of it, but I didn’t,” Dean lies, feeling guilty. This guy isn’t a monster, not with the empathy and concern that is lining his face right now.
Sam practically leaps to his feet and goes to him when Garth opens the door. “Everything is alright, Sam,” Garth assures and pats Cas’ shoulder tenderly, “I’ll see you Tuesday.”
“Yes, we’ll be in Australia for the month of July, sorry Ma,” Dean sighs, rolling his lips and licking them. Cas hands him his drink.
“Antihistamines, please,” Castiel states, more firmly than he means to. Sam barks out a dry laugh and nods, Castiel dips out of the car into Garth’s office. The air isn’t as easy here, scentless and full of scent neutralizers and blockers. He’d love to have the appointment outside, away from the too bright fluorescents and the overbearing neutralizers.
“No, I haven’t gotten to that part yet,” Castiel replies, thumbing through the worn foxed pages, “You realize you purchased a feminist manifesto? A town full of women, none of them needing a man.”
“Yeah,” Sam grunts dipping a fry into the shake, “He’s all I had for a long time. Until our Dad dragged our family to Bobby’s. We were older then, I was around ten, we lived out of motels and the car until Karen put a stop to it. When she died, Dean held us all together, got Bobby through it, and then not long after that he became a single parent. Then my situation, you know. It hasn’t been easy, but he… he makes me think anything is possible.”
Shrugging out of his Mariachi black coat, putting the sombrero aside, Dean eyes Cas, who’s a couple of racks over with Charlie. Talking about their next skit of “Guess who I’m dressed up as today?” Dean just finished his mariachi skit, where Cas guessed he was a milliner, Charlie a flamboyant artist, and Gabe guessed he was a silversmith because of the silver buttons down his legs. Dean could barely keep a straight face through singing his song and his friend’s guesses.
“One.” Castiel counts, pausing as his warm hand massages his sub’s already heated skin. “Two…” And Castiel counts on, the belt biting into Dean’s skin and with every swing Dean’s pleasure heightens to a state of bliss. Dean is dropping into a pool of warm water and pleasant emotions. He sinks so deep, his only thought is not to drop the fucking marble and prematurely end this bliss.
The tablet landed next to them. In one hand, Castiel held Dean’s broken wrist. In the other, he held an angel blade, using the end of the cool metal to strike Dean’s face repeatedly.
“Good.” More silence. Dean looked at the alarm clock on his nightstand, it was past midnight. “So, I’m gonna clean up and get to sleep, babe.”
Cas’ chest moved up and down slowly underneath Dean’s hand. It was a calming motion, like sharing a breath of determination and courage.
He walked into the kitchen, following the delicious smell of food. He couldn’t make out what it was —it seemed like bread, then cake, honey, everything good in life— until he saw it for himself.
Cas moved to Dean’s shoulder, looked him in the eyes. “Maybe I can invite you to my place next time.”
Yes, he’d seen Cas’ dick, but he’d never felt it and much less had it against his own. The mere thought of it made Dean want to strip them both then and there.
After a very enjoyable moment of that, Dean’s index finger was finally surrounded by lube and Cas’ heat. Then the middle finger joined it, and lastly, so did the ring one. Cas’ body fit Dean’s hand like a damn glove.
"Are we okay? It's not generally a great sign when someone freaks out and runs away after you tell them how you fell for 'em," Dean says, trying to inject that humorous tone once more but failing miserably.
Emma scoffs. "Yeah, 'cause what our relationship really needed was for you to see me as even less human than you already do."
"Emma'll vacate," Dean adds, ignoring Emma's injured look. "You'll have the place all to yourselves."
"Is there..." Sam clears his throat and winces against a full cough. "Is there something you want to tell us? About you and Cas?"
He leaves Cas catatonic in Sam's place, and then he goes and gets him again, then they explode Dick, and they wind up Purgatory. It's a lot less fun than the one in Miami.
Castiel almost regrets it as he crawls in between his sheets, cool and loose over his mattress. He can still feel the warmth of Dean's arm around him as he drifts into sleep.
Sam sighs. "We promised, after everything that's gone down, that we wouldn't keep doing this. That we wouldn't try to bring each other back."
That evening they do their research over pizza and Charlie's boxset of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It's actually kinda nice.
Cas smiles again at that. He doesn't say goodbye and he doesn't wait for Emma to come back to the table. Dean blinks and he's gone.
Dean laughs, and if it sounds a little off then he'll blame it on the booze. "Fine, whatever. I'm here aren't I? I'm not chained to an ironing board or some shit."
"I dunno, kid," Dean says. Sam's better but he's not all the way there yet, and he still looks at Emma like all he can see is her red eyes. Which, for the record, Sam hasn't actually seen in reality. Emma's awesome at controlling it and she knows better than to remind Sam of what she is.
Sam doesn't laugh or even grimace. "What if he isn't dead? We never found out what happened to him. What if he's still out there?"
Emma caves. She doesn't know how much Charlie gave away, but she knows it won't stay secret forever. Probably shouldn't, even. "So, you know found the reaper info in that weird Men of Letters place, and we found out about the Men of Letters not that long ago. We spent a lot of time just kind of... flailing around in the dark. Just trying to find anything we could. You guys know how hard it is to find anything, Cas and Crowley searched for months, and they had all of Hell and half of Heaven to help. We had nothing, really. Just the internet and whatever random books we could find in library mythology section. I read the bible back to front like five times it was-"
"What?" Emma says defensively. "We never actually talked about that part. Are we taking them to Jody or something?"
Dean curses and looks around the room. There's a changing bag and the bottle Lydia was using before. Dean scoops up both and moves into the kitchen. He grabs the can of formula and a second, clean bottle and stuffs them into the bag. He considers going upstairs to see if there's clothes or diapers or anything he can use, but Lydia's warning rings in his ears and he heads straight for the door instead.
Sam is quiet for a moment. "Has he remembered anything else? Filled in the blanks we asked about before?"
The King of Hell eyes her curiously at first. He doesn't know who she is. Emma wasn't expecting that.
Dean looks at her earnest and slightly hazed eyes. "Jesus Christ! What is this? An intervention? I'm fine! Cas is family, I'm just lookin' out for him."
"She's not my niece, Dean!" Sam explodes, all the tension erupting through his voice and skin. "You treat her like she's... like she's a kid, but she's not! She never was! And you can't just pretend your way into her being human!"
Dean looks reflexively around to find Charlie, and quickly looks away. "Jesus, do they have to do that here?"
"They are my niece and nephew, too," Naomi interrupts. "I have a right to express concern. And why should they stay with you? What can you offer them?"
"If you won't come with us, then at least find somewhere else to stay," Emma says. "If I found you, then who knows who else can."
"It's alright," Dean promises. He hopes it is. Sam... Sam's always been the one with a soft spot for friendly monsters, right? He'll be fine with this. He's got to be.
"You know, you probably shouldn't be drinking coffee this late," Dean says, as if he hasn't just upended Castiel's perception of the world. "No one wants a jittery insomniac for a roommate."
"Tell me! This whole rapid aging thing has to have some downsides, right? How often do I need to feed her?" Dean presses. "Is there special Amazon baby formula?"
Dean catches his free hand before he can retreat and presses another kiss to the back of it. "Lemme know if you need anything."
Part of him expected Sammy to get them out of here before now, but he spent forty years in hell, so it's not like he's relying on it. Instead he's trusting a vampire and his seemingly sane-again best friend as they fight their way through the monster afterlife. Benny seems pretty sure they'll find a way out, while Cas is stone silent on the matter.
Dad tries to call him first, finding some kind of disturbing voicemails from the guy in question in the process, which are doubled on the phone Uncle Sam stopped answering when Dad went missing. Kevin's old number no longer works, though, and Emma happens to know that his email address has been inactive for months. In person contact is the only way to go from there.
"No!" Emma says. Then, "It didn't get that far. Charlie unsummoned him when he said he wanted Kevin."
"'M fine," Dean lies. He tugs at her hair, shorter than he remembers and coloured with a fast-fading purple streak that's no doubt Charlie's doing. "Finally saw a hairdresser, huh?"
"Nothing." He fixes his gaze on her talons. "I just thought Dean was ignoring it. Pretending you were normal."
Castiel nods and stands from the table, coffee clutched in his left hand as he marks his page and flips the book he was supposedly reading closed.
"We really don't, though," Emma argues. "All any of us know is she found him by the lake with no memory. And that she didn't call the police or try to help him figure out who he was."
The fight is fast and brutal. Dean's not entirely sure all his guts are on the inside by the end of it, but Lydia comes out worse. An annoyingly sympathetic part of him wonders if it's because she's only just given birth. The larger part of him doesn't give a shit.
Dean's struck, as they say their brief goodbyes to Benny, by how alone he nearly was. He's saying goodbye to too many friends today, with only the promise of a mixed reception from the brother who didn't want him back in return. Then they turn to leave, and Emma's shoulder bumps his. He wraps his arm around her shoulders and presses a kiss into her hair.
They pull up outside the hospital and Dean gets a very bad feeling about it. "Emma, wait in the car."
Dean doesn't have to look at Sam to know he's unconvinced, but Dean doesn't want to hear it. Still, he doesn't interfere when Sam starts his questioning.
Nothing presents itself as a viable distraction. It's not like she's short of options. She has her wallet with her, flush with stolen Amazon cash, and bank accounts containing more of the same, and if she really wants to she can go back to the motel to get her car. She can go anywhere in town. Further if she doesn't mind freaking Dad out. But there's nothing she wants to do. Hell, she's not even sure she knows what she
? Even so innocuous and casual and plausibly platonic, Dean has never, would never, bestow that particular kind of affection on Castiel.
Cas has moves away by the time he wakes up, but there's tan fabric covering Dean, and it smells like Cas again. Albeit a mucker, more mulch covered Cas. It halts the panic building in Dean's throat as he glances around wildly for any sign of where Cas has got to. Somehow the idea that Cas would leave the trenchcoat behind doesn't occur to him, seems far less likely than leaving Dean himself, and sure enough Cas comes back to collect it within minutes of Dean waking. Dean doesn't mention it, and he doesn't ask Cas to stop when he does it the next time Dean falls asleep. There are no nice ways to wake up in Purgatory, but it comes as close as anything could.
She nods. "They trained me. Taught me. I thought if I learned what I could from them that it might help me figure out how to find Dad. At least I'd be able to take care of myself."
"So why didn't they kill you? What, they just let you hang out for seven months? How did you even find them?" Sam asks.
Sam pulls a face. "Maybe. But I don't think that's a good idea. We don't know what the spell will do to him if you're not here. Love spells can get messy if the focal point of the victim's love rejects them in any way."
Claire and Cas exchange a hurried glance that Dean can't begin to interpret, before Cas meets his gaze, desperate and pleading. "Actually, Dean will feature into the custody arrangement. He's not just a friend. He's my fiance."
Dean shakes himself. "No. She's on route, though. Apparently Linda's less than savvy with internet safety. Her email is still active and she's talking to strangers on Craigslist. Emma got into her account."
The specifics keep coming and Castiel doesn't know what to do with them. The spell never filled in the blanks like this before. It must be progressing, he should call Sam.
By the time she's on the third location, Emma sincerely wishes she'd opted for the library. Bad air conditioning is still air conditioning after all, and her ass crack is turning into New Orleans' latest swamp. God, it's not even that hot for New Orleans, but she's used to colder climes and this is an above average day for the time of year. She's wiping her damp, gross hair back from her sticky, gross skin and poking at the ground somewhat dubiously with her foot when her neck prickles. She looks around to find a little old man staring at her. She faces him. "Hi."
By the time Emma can beat Rachel in a fight March is on the horizon, and Emma has read every resource the Amazons have that could possibly help her. She stuffs a few of the miraculously well preserved tomes she left unread in her bag anyway. There's probably nothing in them, she's read anything that looked even a little relevant, but she's reluctant to let go of her heritage completely. Monstrous though it is.
Sam stays silent while they make the drive to the store. Goes in and gets Emma shoes and a basic outfit without complaint. Once she's changed they head into the store together so she can pick her own things now she doesn't look neglected enough to get them arrested on the spot. Then Sam pulls Dean aside.
"Yes, it was." Castiel watches the moment start to pass as everything gets relegated to weird hunt related stuff they'll never talk about again. "I meant it though. All of it."
Emma coughs and sputters, but drags herself into a better position, pulling Rachel down and rolling her. She can't hold her. Rachel is better trained, more brutal, probably a little stronger even. Emma's going to be covered in bruises by the end of this session, and there'll be another one straight after lunch. The schedule of classes makes her long for a math class or a poetry assignment. But it's efficient.
"When this is all over I'm taking Cas for your whole inheritance," Dean says, and pulls the chocolate back towards himself. He doesn't even like it that much, he's just making a point.
"Not the whole year," Emma admits. "I went to school. It was lame. I saw Star Wars. Spent a bunch of time eating spray cheese."
Dean's jaw works as a flurry of different emotions pass over his face. He locks his gaze onto Castiel and leans in towards him, catching him off guard.
Dean teaches Emma to drive. Not in the Impala. Not yet. The kid's a fast learner, even if it's more smart kid fast than supernaturally fast these days, but even so, some things just aren't worth the risk. Instead they borrow a car. Without permission, but they're totally bringing it back.
It's a weird thought. He's been so deep in it for so long that he hadn't stopped to think about his own relationship with Amelia. He'd met her, of course, plenty of times, but they'd never really talked until she got sick. Even then it was all practical stuff, her treating him as part and parcel with Cas and him acting accordingly. When he thinks about who she was, all he can think about is how a part of her seemed almost glad to go. Like she was looking forward to seeing Jimmy again. It's unfair, and he thinks she must've fought it, must have tried to stay with her kids, but he saw that same kind of look in John's eye growing up and since he made that connection the comparisons just come whether he wants them to or not. Amelia may have not gone looking for her death the way John did, disappearing on dangerous, semi-legal cases for weeks at a time until one day he just didn't come back, but both of them were one foot in the grave the moment their spouse kicked the bucket.
He's in the car and pulling off before Sam can finish packing his bag. Not that there's any way to know if Sam did or not. He could just as easily have let Dean go without a fight.
Though he wanted to ask questions, Dean wasn’t certain if he should.  He was hoping that Castiel would volunteer more information on his own.  The angel withdrew his arms and was leaning into Dean more heavily, pressing into his chest.  Dean allowed himself to be pushed so he was lying on his back, still holding Castiel to his chest.  Castiel moved to get more comfortable, straightening out his legs and adjusting so that he was only halfway on Dean, one hand resting on the hunter’s shoulder.
Of course, the one day he skipped his mandatory masturbation was when he walked into the apartment to find Castiel draped across the couch—
Glaring at his brother, Sam huffed and stalked out of the room, pulling the door shut forcefully behind him.
They finished the drive in silence and Dean took the turn into the restaurant’s lot too quickly, parking immediately.  Sam swiftly opened the trunk, but Dean strode past it without stopping.
Tugging Dean’s jeans and boxers down in one strong motion, Castiel stepped back and watched Dean’s reaction as he gripped and held Dean, hot and pulsing in his hand.   Dean stared into Castiel’s eyes and bucked his hips in an attempt to encourage Castiel to move, but the angel opted to torture him more.
“Doctor,” he grates out and it goes straight to Dean’s dick where it’s already straining against his jeans.
“Ugh, don’t touch me.  It’s too early,” Castiel mumbled when Dean ran his fingers through his unruly hair.
They continued to sit and wait, talking on and off.  Sam had the first catch of the day, though the fish he got was fairly small.  They were only there for fun, so catch and release was fine.  Sam showed Castiel how to remove the fish from the hook and gave it to him to return to the lake.  Squatting along the edge of the lake, Castiel released the fish and then stayed there for a little while staring into the water.  Bobby drew their attention to a hawk flying by and later Sam spotted a turtle peeking out of the still surface and pointed it out, primarily for Castiel’s benefit.
“Yes,”  Castiel said, holding out a bag to Sam.  “Dean got you a yogurt parfait, an apple, and some almonds.”
“Okay, okay.  I’ll call once we’ve had some time to poke around, maybe like, six hours from now?  I’ll tell you what we’ve got and we’ll go from there,” Dean promised as he picked up the TV remote, clicking through the stations.
Pulling the angel slightly off him so he could see his face, Dean watched as Castiel opened his eyes.
stop because Castiel was upset.  And that was sort of true, it was part of the reason, but Dean had also been upset.  He didn’t want to hurt Cas.  And, crap, that brought them back to stopping because Cas was delicate.  Dean glared at the ceiling, hating his indecisiveness.  Great, now he was mad too.
Dean was a little tipsy and the room spun slightly as he became disoriented, confused at how the sky and wind had disappeared to be immediately replaced with a dimly lit motel interior and still air.  He stumbled, but Castiel’s hands were on him, steadying Dean and at the same time shoving him, so his back collided with the door behind him. Then Castiel was pressing his whole body aggressively against Dean’s, like he wanted them to meld into one being.
“I’m not seeing any bugs, Cas, but how about dolphins?  They’re cool too,” Dean said, tossing the remote onto the bed.
“Okay.  Well, I’m glad you told me, Cas.  I still want to know about things you don’t like,” Dean said, bumping their shoulders together so Cas would look up from the ground.  Dean smiled at him as Sam came banging out the door.
“Good.  You know I don’t want to talk about this stuff, man.”  Dean paused and cleared his throat.  “But thanks.  It’s, uh, good to know.”  He spared Sam a brief nodded acknowledgment and turned the music back up, effectively ending the conversation.
“Aw, yeah, Cas, you gonna come untouched again?  All you need is my big dick, right?  Splitting you open while you ride me.”
Dean had a hand in Castiel’s hair holding him close to his throat.  He thought vaguely of wanting to push Castiel down towards his chest, but he still had a shirt on, for reasons unknown.  Unexpectedly, Dean realized he was uncomfortably warm and Castiel’s body was still pressed firmly against his as he moved above him. And
“Mmm, you tell me,” Dean said, lowering his mouth to Castiel’s again and putting a little more heat behind it.
“You know what happened to Cas before.  Crowley said ‘re-enactment’ how far do you think they got?” Dean was trying not to sound angry, but it bleed through to his words anyway.  He was looking for clues as to what might have happened in the circle, but there was nothing.
They dropped the topic and got a quick breakfast before piling into the car to finish the drive to Chicago.  Sam sat up front with Dean, which was fine.  It made sense to take turns, but Dean sort of missed looking across and seeing the angel next to him.
Instead of responding, Castiel simply gathered all the clothes, his and Dean’s, and shut himself in the bathroom.
He was returning tools to the workbench with his back to the Impala when Castiel arrived.  Dean was too drunk to notice and was startled when he turned around.
Dean could feel himself getting close as he quickened his pace and drove into Castiel repeatedly, brushing his prostate intermittently.
The more time Castiel spent in Dean’s company, the clearer it became that emotions were fickle and ever changing.  Humans were ruled by these sentiments and Castiel’s glimmer of understanding concerning feelings was faint.  Castiel was learning that emotions could be hard to control and difficult to define.
Dean was clawing at his back immediately, grabbing his ass as he drew Castiel forward and pumped rapidly into him, pounding recklessly.  Castiel morphed from tense and shuddering to malleable and breathless as Dean hammered away before one last wild thrust had him spilling warmth deep inside.
“I don’t care about that,” Sam said dismissively.  “What happened at the bar?  You guys kind of caused a scene and Cas is supposed to be flying under the radar, remember?”
His motions were hesitant at first, but then he responded to Dean’s praise and his actions became more confident.  Castiel was moving his hips slowly, but steadily, fucking Dean with long, deep thrusts.  It felt amazing, better than Dean imagined it would, to have Castiel buried inside him.  Twisting his torso, Dean leaned back to kiss Castiel.  The angel met Dean’s mouth eagerly, licking at the seam of Dean’s lips and then granting access when Dean tongued him back.  Castiel pinched Dean’s nipple before drifting his hand lower to grasp his hot, aching cock.
Cas bends his knees and spreads his thighs further, scooting his sweet ass right where Dean indicated.  As he lays his head back, Cas drums his fingers on his inner thigh once, twice, before halting.
Dean’s eyes fell again on the faint shoe print on Castiel’s chest and he felt a swell of rage.  Picking up another wet towel piece, Dean gently wiped at the mark. He didn’t want to see it any longer, it was too upsetting to imagine someone standing over Castiel, pinning him to the ground like that.  The dirt came away easily which was good, it wasn’t an injury and Dean shouldn’t really waste time on it, but he hadn’t been able to bear the thought of leaving it there.
Clearly, Rachel was falling into the dick angel category, like most other angels he’d met.  She was ranting about the war in heaven and starting to hurl insults at them when Castiel showed up and sent her packing.  Even though she had been defending Castiel, Dean didn’t like her. He might have shared this thought with Castiel, but the angel seemed even more subdued than usual.
He went a couple doors down to tell Sam he was up.  His brother let him into the room and sat down next to an open paperback book that he had laid against the bed to hold his page.
Sam was alone at Bobby’s, but Dean had left him an address and after composing himself, Sam left immediately.  On the drive there, it occurred to Sam that Dean knew about what he had done to Castiel and that his brother had kept it from him.
Dean had been gaping at Sam through all of this, like his words were a verbal train wreck Dean couldn’t look away from.  Finally, Dean found his voice and scrambled for something to say.
The roommates were all disgusting, gooey, dead shifters.  It didn’t make sense.  They followed a lead to the bar in town and were greeted by a massacre. Everyone inside was dead, they also all appeared to be hybrid versions of monsters, or Jefferson Starships, as Dean thoughtfully named them.
That was fine with Sam.  Touching Castiel’s arm and back, he maneuvered him into a sitting position, while Dean helped Castiel swing his legs to the side of the bed.   Under the guise of carefulness, Sam kept his movements slow, letting his hands linger when he would have normally let go.  Castiel had flinched initially, but now he was just shaking a bit with his head turned away from Sam.
Studying Bobby’s bookcases he saw several interesting looking books, but he didn’t want to take any without permission.  Castiel left the book he was returning on Bobby’s desk where he would be certain to see it.  He considered waiting for the hunter to return, but he could be gone for hours as well and Castiel wasn’t entirely confident that Bobby would like him to be there while he was out.
And Dean must have really been drunk, because he was finding it hard to say much of anything, even though he knew he needed to say
If Cas was surprised that Dean was naked, he hid it well.  His eyes flitted up and down Dean’s form before he looked away, turning his attention to the mirror again and dragging a comb through his untamable hair.
Dean rolled on to his stomach, with his head turned on the pillow so that he was still looking in Castiel’s direction despite his closed eyes.  Uncertain if he would be disturbing Dean, Castiel hesitantly brought his hand to Dean’s back and smoothed gentle strokes in between his shoulder blades.  Castiel found it comforting whenever Dean rubbed his back, so it seemed like the right thing to do.  Dean made a noise of contentment and mumbled, “’S nice.”
Castiel didn’t know what exactly was going through Sam’s mind, but he relented.  He agreed to assist his friends.
Though he wasn’t sure exactly when Sam had left since he had been asleep, Dean had an inkling that it had been a while ago.  It was just a feeling he had.  Dean was also fairly sure that Sam had taken the Impala, but he didn’t bother to get up and check.  Rolling over from his back to his side so he was no longer facing the door and Sam’s empty bed, Dean tried to get comfortable, thinking he might as well sleep some more if he could manage it.
Castiel stared at Dean’s mouth, transfixed, during this enthusiastic display and Dean was just glad he could finally participate.  He had to resist smirking around Castiel’s fingers as the angel wet his lips briefly while watching.  Then Castiel abruptly withdrew his fingers, quickly replacing them with his tongue, as he lunged forward, kissing Dean hungrily, and returning his hand to Dean’s cock.
Frowning, Dean tried to recall the moment.  Maybe that had been when Castiel had looked briefly spooked.
Sam had been planning on stretching Castiel with a third finger, but changed his mind because of the angel’s determined silence. He really wanted to hear some screams.
“So, um, thanks for coming, I’m glad you listened.  It’s the right thing to do, Cas,” Sam began awkwardly.  “Uh, are you hurt?  Besides the, um, vessel trouble, I guess?”
Castiel knew they were talking about last night and though there was no menace behind the words, he decided he didn’t like the exchange.  He spoke up before Dean could attempt to defend himself with careless humor.
“I thought you usually enjoyed telling Sam about your encounters with females.  Is this different because I’m an angel?” Castiel wondered.
The stab wound wasn’t so deep as far as stabbings go.  Dean wondered if some of it had already healed as he wrapped it in gauze.  Castiel hadn’t seemed certain about exactly how he was healing.
So Dean joined Castiel in bed, pulling the angel’s back to his chest and peppering kisses on his neck.  Without warning, Castiel flipped himself so he was on his other side, facing Dean and drawing him in to kiss him.  Dean slotted his leg between Castiel’s so he could move closer, bringing a hand to rest at Castiel’s waist.  Clutching and squeezing Dean with one arm, Castiel kept his mouth firmly on Dean’s, moving his lips and tongue tenderly but consistently.  Dean read it as needy and managed to get both of his arms around the angel, holding him tightly.
“Oh, I dunno, nothing.  Just… anagrams, you know?”  Dean shrugged, swiping his finger along the bottom of a bowl and licking a blob of chocolate icing off.  There was powdered sugar on his forehead.  Castiel realized he was watching Dean and snapped his attention back to the cupcakes.
Castiel paused to douse his hand with the lube and then brought a finger to join his tongue.  He cautiously worked his finger inside and Dean encouraged him, aware that the angel was leery of hurting him.  It went easily enough and soon Dean was requesting another and Castiel happily obliged.  In no time at all, Castiel was fingering Dean at the right angle to make him moan in pleasure.
Hoping it might help him to understand what Castiel could be going through, Dean stole time on Sam’s laptop to look up websites on rape aftermath and recovery.  He didn’t know how some of the information might apply to angels, but if Castiel wanted or needed help, Dean felt he was the only one who could offer it.
Sam waited a couple of minutes before turning back towards the house.  It had been worth a shot.  At least Castiel hadn’t shown up to kill him.  Returning to Dean in the kitchen, Sam accepted the drink his brother offered him.  He was debating the merits of trying to convince Dean that
“Of course, Sam.  I wouldn’t want you to be… toasted,” Castiel said, trying out the word.  “May I speak with you?”
“Cas, yes, keep going. Ah, yes,” Dean murmured against his skin.  He found Castiel’s lips again and kissed him fiercely, while fucking down and against Castiel’s heated length and their sweaty, dampened hands.  Dean tightened his grip slightly and Castiel started thrashing beneath him, jerking his hips upwards against Dean and flinging his head from side to side on the pillow, before he caught Dean’s lips and half cried the hunter’s name into his mouth as he came.
“Fucking bitch, I think he broke my wrist.”  The large man staggered uneasily to his feet with the help of his buddy.
And then Castiel was walking past him and out the back door without waiting to see if Dean was following him. Avoiding the curious look he was getting from Sam, Dean removed his hat and reluctantly went to join Castiel in the yard.
That particular desire had made itself known to Dean some time ago, when Castiel had first started with this fondling business.  It was driving Dean mad, but he hadn’t wanted to start things Castiel might not be interested in.
Realizing he was becoming drowsy, Dean convinced Castiel to move and he cleaned them both up.  After undressing so that he matched Dean’s boxers only attire, Castiel climbed under the covers with him and they kissed.  Spooning the angel, Dean pulled him close and nuzzled into Castiel’s neck as he kissed his warm skin.  His eyelids were drooping, but he was aware of Castiel tracing patterns on his palm before he fell asleep.
Dean needed Castiel to hear him and found himself wishing he had backed Castiel up sooner, forgiven him, maybe they wouldn’t have gotten to this point.
“Said you have a hot mouth and it’s just,” Dean shrugged and shook his head, pushing out his lower lip.  “I think it’s one of the most accurate descriptions of you I’ve ever heard,” Dean said all mock-serious.
“Yeah, what’s up?” Sam turned back to face his brother.  There was an air of apprehension surrounding Dean and he only held Sam’s eyes a moment before he was looking everywhere else.
“Yeah.  Yeah I agree, Cas.”  Sam was feeling lighter, having expressed the thoughts he had been wanting to.  It wasn’t a perfect conversation, but it seemed to do the trick.  It looked like Castiel was going to say something else, so Sam waited
Dean knew already that it was true.  It was plain to him from Castiel’s anxious little movements, the edge in his voice, and his eyes, which were usually slow and steady, flitted impatiently between the three of them and the floor.  God, Dean wanted so badly to be wrong, but he just needed to know.
“I’m sure they’re filthy, Cas.  Look, did you talk to Sam today, about last night?”  Dean kept his voice calm, he wasn’t exactly angry.  Well, he was trying not to be anyway, but it was certainly his first instinct.
“So… lemme get this straight,” Dean said, around a mouthful of eggs.  “Two chicks are treated for symptoms they shouldn’t have, they get into a cat-fight where one dies, and the other one kicks the bucket before the cops figure out why she killed her friend?”
The whole situation was a mess and Dean wished it could be something they all forgot, but he decided he should check in with Castiel.  Although the angel seemed fine the last time Dean briefly saw him, he couldn’t help but worry that he might not be.  Besides Castiel was his friend, it was the least Dean could do and if he waited too long he would feel even more awkward bringing it up later.  So he resigned himself to at least attempting to have the conversation.
It only took Dean a minute to check all the rooms upstairs.  Castiel wasn’t there and Dean hadn’t really expected him to be.  Lingering in the small bedroom, Dean prayed.
Slowly, Dean sat up on the edge of the bed and lowered his hand, blinking at Castiel and then turning to look at Sam and the cracked drywall behind him.
Shit.  Dean rubbed his hand down his face and put the phone on speaker as his despair was overtaken by anger.
The kiss didn’t last very long.  When Castiel pulled back slightly, Dean had to keep himself from following.  They had shifted even closer, so Castiel’s torso was resting against Dean’s side and part of his chest.
Unsure of how to respond, Castiel hurried to agree with Sam. He had been demanding Castiel’s agreement with most of his questions so far and Castiel hoped it was what Sam wanted to hear. “Yes, yes he would,” he replied hastily.
Eventually, they arrived at Bobby’s and by then Castiel had adjusted his pants, shirt, and tie.  He had manually fixed his outfit and tried to tame his hair at Dean’s insistence.  Dean couldn’t help but feel nervous when he walked in with Castiel.  He wasn’t really expecting any comments from Bobby or Sam, but he was still anxious about it.  So much had changed between himself and Castiel and though it felt obvious to Dean, he didn’t know how it would manifest itself in front of others.  Dean tried to act normally, and was glad to see Castiel was as well.  Although, knowing Castiel, he might not have been aware that they were in a potentially awkward situation.
After telling Cas to hang around—which was unnecessary since Castiel had no intention of leaving at the moment—Sam went to the front office.  Returning with a key a few minutes later, Sam stormed back into their motel room.  Castiel hovered just outside the door in case there was reason for him to interfere, but Sam wasn’t in there long.  Shortly after a terse exchange with his father, Sam reemerged with duffle bags slung over his shoulders.  Castiel followed him to a room several doors away.
, yes, he fucking did.  Dean slammed into the improvised orifice, grateful for Cas’ firm grip and strong arms holding him up as he skated closer to the edge.  When Dean faltered in his movements, Castiel took over, jerking him efficiently.
Dean just smirks at him, shuffling back to the end of the table since his jeans are caught somewhere between his knees and his ankles because of the boots he’s wearing. There’s no way he’s taking them off now, so he just orders Cas to put his feet back in the stirrups and enjoys one long last look at him spread wide on the examine table, looking positively debauched.  His lips and chin still wet, one hand pulling at his own cock since Dean abandoned it, and just below, that needy, gaping hole, still forced open and just begging to be stuffed full.
“Yup.  Afraid so.  And that would be hot, as in, your lips are tempting and irresistible,” Dean said as he leaned in to kiss Castiel softly.  The angel smiled at him.
Dean’s really letting Cas have it, gripping his waist and unable to take his eyes off Cas as he rubs the cum into his skin, tasting it from his fingers while Dean stares. Dean’s so close that all it takes to send him over the edge is Cas fixing him with a look, biting at his lip and saying, “Doctor” in that unfairly sexy voice of his.
.  Which led him to kissing the man beneath him.  When Dean pulled out, sliding from beneath Castiel, he felt a distinct sense of loss.  He was less full, less warm, less connected and he stroked a hand down Dean’s chest as he shifted to his side.
“Yes, Sam is fine.  He was worried he might forget things again, but it’s not the same as when Death first returned his soul and created the wall.”
Dean decided it would have to be good enough.  Honestly, he really should have made Castiel shower or bathe, it would be best to clean the wounds with lots of water and a little bit of soap, but this would have to do.
I don't own any of the ideas, characters, or writing from the Supernatural show, but I have borrowed some of it for this story.
The line continued to ring and Castiel felt himself losing patience.  For a moment he thought the hunter picked up, but it was only the voicemail message and Castiel squeezed the phone tightly in frustration.  He was going to hang-up, but then he decided to leave a message, just in case.
“Yes, Dean! Yes, touch me with your hands,” Castiel agreed emphatically, pulling Dean against him and wildly kissing his neck and chest.  Dean tugged one handedly at Castiel’s boxers, freeing him and gripping him tightly.  Castiel twisted underneath Dean, while the hunter tried to suppress a smile.  He brought his hand up to spit in it, before he took hold of Castiel again and started long strokes, slow and firm.
Over the past few days Dean felt like he had asked Castiel that question many times and Bobby and Sam had said it as well.  For the first time Dean thought Castiel’s answer was completely genuine, with no unvoiced doubts lingering behind it.
. I remember everything that happened while I was, ya know, operating without a soul.  I remember all that missing time now.”
They drove for less than an hour before Sam was cruising through a wooded area and following signs for a park.  He stopped the car near a large glittering lake.
Shaking his head, Castiel opened his mouth, watching Dean’s green eyes.  He didn’t want to spoil this.
A broad grin lit up Dean’s face and he waggled his eyebrows at Castiel who was standing, a bit shocked, at the door.  Carefully returning his eyes to Dean’s face, Castiel moved into the room.
He looked around for Sam and spotted his brother at the bar, chatting with some blond chick.  He heard Tanya saying something about what a shame it was and when Dean turned back around he saw Jen with her back to him.  She was leaning in close to Castiel, with a hand on his shoulder, apparently whispering something in his ear.  The angel still looked confused as he tilted his head, listening.  She slid the hand down slightly on his chest and Castiel’s eyes darted to it, his expression dubious.  And that was just way too friggin’ far.
Everything seemed more or less the same.  Sam seemed extra conscious of what he was saying and doing around Castiel, but behaved like himself around Dean.  It didn’t take Sam long to bitch at Dean when he absently set his beer on some papers that Sam had specifically gone to the library to print and it left behind water rings.  Similarly, Bobby didn’t waste an ounce of breath to indicate he cared at all what Dean and Cas might be doing together.  After Dean had finished his beer and caught up a bit with the two of them, Bobby shoed him outside to work on a car, saying he needed Castiel to help him move boxes in the spare bedroom.
“It’s something you dreamed about.  You had so many bad dreams, so I always thought fishing must be something special,” Castiel said, baiting his line again.
Suddenly, Dean was less certain about what he was doing here in bed with Castiel.  When the demon, Meg, had kissed Castiel she had wanted to steal his angel blade, but Castiel had immediately responded, grabbing her and kissing back, his hands in her hair.  Against all logic Dean felt jealous.  Castiel’s response to his brief kiss had been to stop Dean and step away.
“Well, I thought we could’ve used some last night and we’ll probably want it next time, so… uh, yeah.  I got it,” Dean explained tentatively, noting that Castiel had curled his hands into fists and looked away.
Reaching for Castiel, Dean pulled the angel close, holding him to his chest.  He instantly felt better with Castiel’s weight against him, as the angel eagerly cozied up to Dean, curling around him.  Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel, irritated that he needed the contact, but indulging himself anyway.  It wasn’t long before he was asleep.
“It’s so insignificantly foolish.  He—it’s the same clothing.  Sam looked just the way he did when he attacked me.  Then he had a knife and I couldn’t see past it anymore.”
Thanks for all the feedback so far!  I really enjoy reading all the comments, more than Cas likes to follow the bees.  :(III)-
Attempting to ignore Dean’s words, Castiel wondered how the man was so much better at this than he was.  Dean was able to press in deeper and was rubbing at the rim with his thumb at the same time.  The stretching and plunging to new depths was so much better than what he had been able to achieve on his own, but it wasn’t enough.
That definitely shut Dean up.  He lapsed into a sulky silence, feeling guilty all over again.  His efforts to keep Cas safe by ditching him were entirely counterproductive since that dick Crowley had played them all.
Dean watched his progress out of the kitchen.  Castiel’s ass was a delicious combination of plump and firm and Dean wondered if he was a runner or a swimmer or what.  His thoughts strayed to the man skinny dipping, swimming through the water with those long, lean limbs.  Muscles taut, skin all wet and maybe he’d lie in the sun to dry off—oh shit.   Dean sighed and headed for the shower.
Evidence of his efforts is apparent everywhere he looks. Cas is curling his toes where they’re resting in the stirrups, his hand jumps from his thigh to Dean’s wrist, a gentle barely there touch encouraging him to keep going. His nipples are hard, the blush more pronounced, his mouth open and lips red from biting at them. Even his hair has gotten messier from tossing his head against the table back.
Eventually, Dean flopped on the bed next to where Castiel was sitting, slowly moving his flat palm across his naked chest and stomach.  Assuming the purpose of the movement was to create friction, Castiel asked Dean if he was cold.  He wished Dean would put some clothing on.  The sight of Dean’s bare skin was alluring and Castiel was having trouble focusing.  Dean frowned at the question and rolled away to get properly in bed.
Previously, when Crowley had sent some of his best demons after the hunters, Castiel had smote them and then threatened Crowley, telling him to leave the Winchesters alone.  Castiel had been able to control himself through the King of Hell’s irritating responses until Crowley had said the word: whore.
“Caaas,” Dean sighed his name, as Castiel gradually retreated from Dean’s lips, turning his attention to his jaw and neck.  Dean swiveled his head to the side and dropped it back against the door, exposing his throat to Castiel’s tongue and teeth.
The sound of the shower starting explained Dean’s absence.  Logically, Castiel thought it was unlikely that Sam would hurt him with his brother in the next room.  How would he explain it to Dean if Castiel had new injuries?  Presumably Sam didn’t want to kill him either, he had already had an opportunity to do so and hadn’t taken it.  Castiel tried to keep these thoughts in his mind to edge out the fear that was trying to demand his attention.  He knew the kind of pain the knife could bring to his vessel, but he couldn’t afford to dwell on such things.  Trying to keep his face impassive, he forced himself to look right at Sam.
Dean looked up at Sam again and didn’t miss the cautious, hesitant look on his face.  Dean knew he wasn’t going to like what his brother said next.
broke the contract and screwed me out of souls that were rightfully mine.  I was entitled to retaliate.  What would it say about my business practices if I let you off the hook unpunished?  I have to keep up appearances.  Let me get that,” Crowley said, making a move to straighten Castiel’s tie.
“Uhn, I promised Gabe.  He’ll be here any minute,” Cas sighed while Dean nosed at his throat, undoing the suit jacket and settling his hands on his waist.
“You—you’re going to stain my pants.  I have to look presentable.  I can’t socialize smelling like sex,” Cas reasoned, straightening his jacket without conviction.   Dean tilted his hips away from Cas’ trousers and continued kissing his neck, while palming Cas through the starched fabric.
Dean briefly shut his eyes, wishing Sam would just shut up.  There was no reason to be talking about this, but Sam was still going.
I crave comments more than Dark!Sam craved demon blood!  They are addicting!  (Sorry, Sam.)  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“When crap like this comes around, we deal with it, like we always have.  What we don’t do, is we don’t go out and make another deal with the devil,” Dean threw at him hotly.
Sam looked unsympathetically at his brother, who was hunched over the table, holding his head, with an empty bowl and a box of cereal in front of him.
Castiel pulled Dean against him, rolling his hips and holding his back more tightly.  Dean responded, kissing the angel in a more demanding way that Castiel seemed to enjoy.  Then Dean moved his lips to Castiel’s neck, turning the angel’s waist slightly.
It wasn’t an unreasonable suggestion, but Dean didn’t think Cas should let him off the hook too easily.  He was loath to disagree with what the angel wanted though.  Maybe it would be best.  But Dean wouldn’t stop trying to make it up to Castiel.  He didn’t need apologetic words to try and make amends.
Dean was more than a little irritated when he realized that Castiel had blown the big secret and spilled to Sam about what had happened the past year.  Sure, Dean hadn’t mentioned to Castiel to keep it a secret, but shouldn’t an angel be able to tell when someone clueless is fishing for information?  After a minute, Dean was no longer angry though.  Truthfully, although Castiel could often read Dean extremely well, he did seem to struggle sometimes with recognizing the intentions of others.  And Sam and Dean were both expert bull-shitters.
Dean was gently squeezing Castiel’s arm and softly saying his name to wake him up.  God, Dean hadn’t babied Sam like that since he was in middle school.  Castiel looked up at Dean tiredly, then he spotted Sam and visibly tensed, his eyes darting between the two of them. Sam smiled at Castiel from behind Dean and Castiel looked away.
“I thought you said that we were like family,” Castiel began, recalling how surprised and pleased he had been when Dean had called him a brother.  “Well, I think that too.  Shouldn’t trust run both ways?”
Dean tried to imagine what it would be like to sleep in his FBI suit and a trench coat and could only guess it’d be extremely hard to get comfortable.
After adding more lube to Castiel and fisting a slick hand over himself, Dean delicately brought one leg astride Castiel, settling his knee into the cushion. Leaning close and resting a hand on Castiel’s back, Dean rubbed the head of his cock over his slippery entrance before he began pressing inside.
Helping himself to the lube, Dean brought his fingers to prod as Castiel’s hole, slipping two in easily and making his roommate gasp.
Of course, Castiel had said he’d forgiven Sam more than once already and Sam was trying to remember that.  He had the list from Castiel and thought of it often.  The angel was right, he needed to forgive himself and work on repairing their relationship.  It seemed especially important to Sam since Dean and Cas seemed so happy together.  The angel had said he wanted to hang around until Dean died and his brother had accepted it without batting an eye.  Sam definitely wanted to talk to Dean about that.  He didn’t mind if Cas wanted to stick around, but it was bizarre to hear Dean commit to something like that so casually.
At first he thought the boners would taper off as he grew more accustomed to seeing so much of Cas so often, but it didn’t work out that way.  If anything, it got worse as the weeks went by.  Soon every little thing about Castiel was screaming sex at Dean.  The way he’d look up at Dean from the book he was reading or how he rolled his neck and shoulders if he’d been in the same position for too long.  If Castiel was eating naked, Dean was done.
Waiting until a slightly later hour to call Sam, Dean was surprised when his brother answered the phone sounding awake.  Sam said he’d meet them at a nearby diner and Dean finally realized that he must not have made it back to the motel last night.  Well, good for Sam.  Someone should be getting laid.  Dean started to wonder how long it had been for his brother, but quickly abandoned that train of thought.
Dean rubbed his hands over Castiel’s back and then brought them to his neck to work his fingers there, kneading the flesh.  Slowly, Dean moved his hands further down Castiel’s back, delicately searching for any tense areas and soothing them with his thumb and fingers.  Castiel was gradually oozing further into the mattress, relaxing under Dean’s constant touches and occasionally making involuntary sounds of pleasure.
Dean didn’t really answer, but Sam had already decided to make the food.  It was obvious his brother had a killer hangover and Sam knew he hadn’t eaten the night before.  It was all on Dean of course, Sam had tried to get him to come in for dinner, but he was stubborn as always.
Dean held him to his chest.  Castiel could feel the hunter’s heart thudding steadily beneath him.  The beating had been evening out as they calmed, but Dean was suddenly squeezing Castiel tightly and the pace picked up again.  Castiel adjusted so he could look up at Dean and was surprised to see him looking nervous, no,
But then Cas is looking concerned and petting at his hair and generally making a big deal out of nothing.
Switching to Cas’s back, Dean feels along his spine and listens between his shoulder blades. Unable to resist, his eyes flit down to where the beginning of Cas’s bare ass can be seen peeking out from the discarded gown pooled around him.
The belt that Dean had removed was on the bed and Sam picked it up, holding it out to Castiel.  “You might want to bite down on this, Cas,” Sam suggested.
Sam had been following the thread of the conversation, but now he had lost it.  From the looks on Dean’s and Bobby’s faces, they were missing something too.  Dean saved Sam from having to ask though.  He looked between Castiel and Death, trying to catch up, and spoke to Death.
Dean didn’t like to think about it, but he had seen the suspicious bruising on Castiel’s waist, he’d seen the blood on his inner thighs and boxers when he had cleaned him up.  It was unlikely Dean would ever be able to forget the sight of his brother on top of the injured angel with one hand down his pants.  And the way Castiel had been tied up when Dean had first found him, the things Sam had said….it just all looked bad and Dean tried not to think that any version of Sam could do that to a person, let alone a friend.  As much as it pained Dean to think about it, he should have at least told Bobby some of it, because evidently a soulless Sam was also likely to try and kill Bobby. And Sam very nearly had, as part of some spell to keep his soul out and Dean blamed that on himself.  He never should have left Bobby alone with Sam, without telling him what he was capable of.
Dean gratefully accepted the coffees, setting the extra one behind him on the table.  He kind of didn’t want to let Sam into the room for fear he might startle Cas, but being dressed in boxers, he wasn’t inclined to leave the room either, so he stood blocking the doorway.  Unlike Dean, Sam looked freshly showered and had obviously been up for a little while.
Dean took the opportunity to broach the subject while he was sharpening his longest blade in preparation for the decapitations he would likely be doling out the next day.  Sam had made a run to the morgue in the hopes of obtaining a few syringes of dead man’s blood, so he and Castiel were alone.  The angel was sitting on the bed, diligently reading the pages on vampires in John’s journal.
Dean was sprawled on his back, across the front seat of the Impala, napping in the mid-day sun.  He woke up a little disoriented and wiped at his mouth; he felt like he was being watched.
“That won’t be necessary, Dean,” he said, striding to the passenger side door and opening it with a cocky smile.  “Did you forget I could do this?”  And the angel was completely dry, smiling in satisfaction at Dean’s fleeting exasperation, before he climbed in the car.
Castiel squirmed and then stilled underneath Dean, no longer eagerly touching.  It only took Dean a moment to realize and he stopped abruptly, pulling back slightly to look at Castiel and catch his breath.
Moving down looking for injuries, the next one Dean saw was the blistering welt where Castiel’s neck and shoulder met.  It was clearly a burn mark and it prompted Dean to return to the bathroom, where he cut a towel into several pieces and ran them all under the water.  He needed more than the one washcloth that he had just gotten all bloody.
Sick is not hot.  No one wants to get it on with a germy contagious partner. Sure, he’d made an exception that one time Cas had wanted to go down on
Dean nodded in assent and cast his eyes around, searching for something else to talk about, a change of subject, but Sam wasn’t done yet.
The familiar voice was not one Castiel wanted to hear and he bit back the diatribe he longed to hurl.  Castiel fought to keep his voice level.
He’d mistakenly left Sam’s soul in hell. He’d been trapped by a soulless Sam.  He hadn’t gone to Dean for help, which had left him lying for months.  Sinking the Titanic, trusting Rachel, Balthazar, being ensnared
Dean wasn’t afraid of a whole lot.  He had seen so many horrible monsters and evil people over the years that there wasn’t much that still fazed him.  Blood, guts, demons, it was all old news.  He was sometimes afraid he couldn’t protect his brother and his friends, he was afraid of flying because planes were inescapable, gravity-defying, death traps, but that was about it. It felt friggin’ ridiculous to be afraid of what people might think if he was involved with Castiel.
“It was you, Dean.  I just felt you, like you were everywhere.  You were inside me, but nothing hurt—with you it felt amazing.”
“I didn’t mean to scare you by buying that, Cas.  It doesn’t mean anything.  You know I would never hurt you like that, right?”
It wasn’t until he was sitting down with a bowl of reheated beef stroganoff in front of him that he noticed the cardboard box on the table.  The packing tape was cut and the flaps were sticking up halfway.  Cas’ name was on the delivery label.  Considering Cas had already opened it and hadn’t bothered to hide it away or seal it up, Dean took a peek and barked out a laugh which turned into him choking as he spat little bits of food all over the table.
“Not necessary.  Stay where you are.  Cas’ll be right there,” Dean said, ending the call even though he could hear Gabriel still talking.
Dean knew Castiel was probably beyond frustrated with him, but Dean was kind of pissed and frustrated too.
“’Bout time ya got down here, Romeo,” Bobby said in greeting.  “Were you hopin’ we’d just scold Casanova and let you off the hook?”
The look Castiel gave Dean was one of awe and astonishment, like Dean had only just revealed that he was some kind of powerful sorcerer.   Castiel was a wreck underneath Dean, with his shirt and tie loose and askew, his pants hanging open, his cheeks flushed, and the back of his hair sticking up.  Blinking down at the damp spot on his lap, Castiel focused on Dean again.
It seemed very likely Sam had raped Castiel and when Dean allowed himself to accept that fact it made him feel a little helpless.  There was nothing he could do about it.  No revenge could be had, because Dean’s stupid brother had been the one responsible.  It was easy to get caught in his rage and snap at Sam without reason, but Dean tried not to.  Sam wasn’t really to blame.  Castiel hadn’t tried to talk to Dean about it, but that could have been Dean’s fault after that disastrous kiss.  Dean felt guilty about it, kissing Castiel without asking, but thankfully his friend hadn’t seemed too upset.  He hadn’t flinched away or anything.
There's a moment where he mourns for the could-have-beens, not for the strippers or the other decorations on the fantasy, but for the bachelor party another Dean might have had, where he gets to wake up in the morning and marry someone who loves him the way he always thought married couples should.
Jo mocks him mercilessly over his codependence issues as usual, and things start to feel a little more normal as they get further into the day. They're well into February, now and things are quiet. Too cold and wet for BBQs, too late for New Year's and too early for 4th of July. A couple of minor call outs, a small care fire, and the rest of the week is smooth sailing, sitting around waiting to be needed.
Castiel is quiet while Sam mulls over his thoughts. They both watch the people around them, a family are laying out their beach towels and umbrella. Two Alphas throw a football back and forth, their partners close by laying out on their bellies in the sun with their bikini tops untied. Seagulls are squawking and wheeling above them, the ocean as always ebbing and flowing across the sand of the shoreline. The sounds of the waves are almost overwhelming and yet so very peaceful.
Shaking his arms and the rest of his jitters off, Dean slaps Cas' back and gives him the patented Winchester smile. “You ready man?”
is an awkward and stilted affair. It’s uncomfortable, Dean’s sucking back the beers to get through it, even with Sam acting as a happy buffer.
“Cas said he’d drive,” Jack positively beams, he knows it’s a big deal for Castiel to get behind the wheel. He’s always pleased that the Alpha agrees to do something new. Last week, they went to the zoo and Jack was practically buzzing with joy.
With lust ridden shaky hands, Dean sits up and pulls Cas to him. “Alright, yeah. Cool. How do we do this?”
“I think we all freak out once we send nudes to someone,” Garth good-naturedly responds, “It’s natural. Just be honest and open with him. You are becoming intimate together, even when he’s miles away, and healthy communication is key.”
. He was never a person, just his subgender. He breaks out in a cold sweat, his skin prickling against him and everything in him is telling him to flee.
“So good, feels so good,” Cas breathes, moving so slowly up and down Dean… taking his sweet damn time. Hands clasped on Cas’ hips, Dean loses himself watching Cas take his pleasure from him. Transfixed on witnessing the roll of his lover’s muscles, the parting of his lips in a silent gasp, and the joy in his eyes when he catches Dean’s gaze.
Dean tries his best to be a normal rational adult around Castiel. He really truly does, but sometimes his words get gummed up on the roof of his mouth and his feet don’t quite want to follow directions. Dean’s eyes once caught up in Cas’ gaze are ensnared. He causes more snafus in filming than any of the other members and by the third week of filming, he’s feeling quite embarrassed. All of his scenes with Cas end with Dean feeling slightly sweaty and feeling really, really foolish.
“What exactly are you cooking?” Cas asks after letting himself back in and putting the wine into Dean’s fridge.
“No, he hasn’t. But he’s on suppressants. I thought I smelled some arousal from him a few weeks ago or so but I think he freaked the fuck out. I don’t know how to help him accept that part of him,” Sam puts the phone between his ear and shoulder and goes about washing the dishes while he’s standing in the kitchen.
The words at the tip of his tongue, Dean swallows loudly and harshly against them. Pulling on his old band t-shirt and the fray in his jeans, he picks at the holes until he feels a little better.
“Your nephew is visiting?” This is alarming news that makes Cas uncertain, standing in the middle of the bookstore doesn’t seem like the place to process this… he knows he likes Jack. The friendly young man likes to play online word games with him. They are currently in a battle of wills with
Dean brightens visibly, “I think that would be brilliant! And inclusive to those in the deaf community.”
Sitting back and staring at Cas, John eyes assessing, he eventually holds out his hand and they shake. Castiel holds on, eyes flashing a brilliant bright blue as he whispers under his breath, “You will forget your anger towards Dean. There is no case here. All preconceived notions that I am not what I seem are gone.”
“So eager for me, so perfect,” Castiel murmurs, slicking up his cock and pushing into Dean. He allows Dean to adjust, to get used to the weighty sensation of Castiel’s dick nestled within him.
“Can I help you?” An older man’s voice asks, belly hanging low beyond his bathing suit. White chest hair thick like a fur coat.
Feeling even more out of his league, Dean just nods sagely. He can’t add anything to this conversation. Dean’s just a simple guy from Kansas.
Setting his beer on the ground, Dean opens the box. Two plain platinum bands, the etched vines worn with time, are nestled side by side. A matching wedding pair.
Castiel closes his door hesitantly, his body movements not as confidently fluid as they are normally. He seems awkward, unsure of himself and Dean fights down his words to smooth away his worries.
They had only a week, a week of healing between the two of them, before they had to get back on the bus. The physical platonic distance was killing Dean. No more snuggles, no more sex, no more affectionate touches and kisses throughout the evening when they got off work. They could talk and they do talk, back in the lounge part of the bus. But it doesn’t feel like enough, Dean can’t even hold Cas’ hand.
“We’ll have to do this all the time,” Dean murmurs and starts up the movie again. Castiel doesn’t comment, but he does relax. Snuggles become a regular thing and Dean relishes in their easy affection. They completely quiet the uneasiness in his limbs.
The false hope loses its luster as the years pass and before he knows it… ten years have ebbed by before Dean’s eyes.
“You left your market stand out yesterday, sweetie, Stanley collected it all and put it in your workshop. Where did you run off to yesterday? Family emergency?” Helen asks clearly concerned, hand on her hip and gesturing dangerously with the coffee pot.
Sam drops his phone, curling around himself even further, and muffles an anguished scream with his arms. He feels sick.
Unfurling, like the graceful dancer he is, Castiel stands and holds out a hand to Dean. He hauls Dean to his feet and commands Dean to sit on the bed, hands in his lap. Dean watches as Castiel goes into a small armoire, no bigger than five feet tall, pulling out silky ropes and lube. His back flexes, making those beautiful wings flutter in the lamp light.
Over a year later, he finds himself with some down time and driving quiet roads to Edenton. This time around, he’s prepared for the Southern heat. Dressed in a plain t-shirt, khaki shorts, and sneakers, Dean feels absolutely ridiculous stepping out of Baby and onto the hard concrete. Even dressed lightly, Dean sweats… though it may be from nerves. Castiel has kept a low profile ever since the Winchesters rolled through town. He’s hoping the angel hasn’t moved on, but he keeps his hopes to a minimum.
Cas couldn’t convince Dean to fly to Lawrence for Thanksgiving. And Dean had to give him credit… the other man had tried everything. Bribing Dean with the promise of drinks in the air, secret petting under a blanket, and even going so far as making an appointment to encourage Dean to get a prescription of Xanax for his flight anxiety. (Dean actually appreciated that one, he needed to get his annual checkup anyways.)
Well, here we are, folks... last chapter which is short and more like an epilogue. I hope it's a satisfying end for you all, I know it was one for me. I started out this little tale at the same time as my DCBB: Kriah. To have them both complete... it's very bittersweet. I'm not going to lie, I didn't want the stories to end. Both are very close to my heart, this one for its long-distance love and the relationships within it.
“Busy Christmas fairy,” Cas mumbles out, rubbing his eyes and sitting up. Pressed up close to Dean, Cas drops his head onto Dean’s shoulder.
“Not yet, ma’am, we start in late July. Got a few months until we do twenty-six cities in six weeks here in the US and then move on to filming our show in Atlanta,” Dean answers, stacking the menus together and handing them to Missouri. Castiel doesn’t seem interested looking at it anyways, he’s focus is completely on Dean.
Cas hums in a response, taking a detour to the peanut butter aisle with his deodorant tucked under the arm that is holding his phone. His bulky knit cream sweater makes it difficult to manage, but he does it because Dean obviously needs to talk to him and work some things out. Cas hears Dean huff and puff in exaggerated irritation before he quiets and his voice mellows into that deep passionate gruff that sends pleasure goosebumps cascading over Cas’ body.
Letting out a long and needy cry, Dean hides his face and focuses on anything but the rush of bliss floating through him. “No.”
“Oh, how wonderful! Thank you all, you guys have amazing voices, are you all ready to sing? Let's start off the show with Rock-A-Bye Your Bear! Everyone ready!?” Charlie strums the chords on her guitar and the rest of them sing and clap along.
“You don’t want to hear that you’re my good boy?” Cas asks, lubed finger pressing up against him. It slides in easily, knuckle deep Cas finds his prostate and brushes up against it.
“No, you kick in your sleep and hog the covers,” Dean states firmly and takes the key back and jamming it into his back jeans pocket. Dean is right, Sam does kick and he tends to hog the covers. It was a major complaint of Dean’s whenever they had to share a bed growing up.
“I promise,” Sam answers, calming. His brother is pumping out comforting Omega hormones that go straight to Sam’s brain.
“We’ll start with Tadasana, breathe deeply, rolling your shoulders up and back,” Castiel’s tone of voice has taken a soothing quality to it and Dean slips into a peaceful state of mind following the rise and fall of Castiel’s voice, his breath, and his movements. He follows everything Castiel does, his mind blank, muscles stretching. It feels good to be told what to do, Castiel’s hands and voice guiding him into positions, breathing with Dean. Deep breaths in and out until Dean is dizzy with oxygen. It’s an intimate holy moment and Dean gets lost in it. He doesn’t really come back into himself until he’s on flat ground in a pose that Castiel has called Shavasana, his thoughts start to trickle back into his mind. Dean can feel Castiel’s eyes roam over his body, causing arousal to tickle in his gut that he’s quick to squash.
Hello! It's Monday, and if you are anything like me... you are feeling a bit "meh" on this Monday. So, instead of Wednesday... I'm posting today, September 20, 2021. I wanted to fix the vibe going on with me and generate some good energy. ;)
Toeing off his boots at his entryway organizer, he drops his bag down on the bench and removes his jacket slowly. Grunting and feeling every movement in his bones. He’s tired. Miracle sits and watches him, happily wagging her tail. His little companion gives him a lot of joy these days.
Humming, Castiel looks down his nose with his head tipped back he exposes his strong neck, the corded muscles, and Dean is breathless. He wants to suckle and kiss and
Dean’s orgasm sneaks up on him, so busy watching Cas above him. He doesn’t even get to warn Cas, barely having the ability to gasp his name before becoming a trembling mess. Cas is quick to follow and Dean watches enraptured, shuddering from oversensitivity.
“It can’t be too much of a surprise, though, you can barely keep your eyeballs in your head and your tongue in your mouth when Cas wears his spandex,” Gabe quips impishly, which earns him a swat to the stomach from Castiel.
Staring into those blue eyes, Dean steps up to him. “Try again, please,” Dean asks, hand on Cas' forearm.
“No, Sammy is looking forward to meeting you,” Dean says, biting his nail, “It’ll be ok, man, I’m just overreacting.”
“Explain to me this, Henry,” Samuel states gesturing with his beer towards his other grandfather, “I heard on the news the other day that a college failed a student because he dared to use gender pronouns in his paper. All this gender-neutral hippy shit is getting out of hand. You worked at KU, what do you say to that?”
Dean drops the marble and his Dom stops instantly. Castiel drops his legs and Dean lets out a huge sigh against the tie. His muscles relaxing and the quilt scratching up against his ass. His Dom is quick to pull the tie from Dean’s mouth.
A rush of emotions wells up in Sam, primarily longing and anger mixed up and tangled together and he is quick to lash out, “Because you keep me at arm’s length and I’m drowning.”
The little ping of his phone, Cain looks on expectedly on as Cas wriggles his phone from his pocket. Grumbling under his breath about nosey older Alphas stepping in things and getting themselves back in the saddle.
“Not really, it’s our home and I want you to be comfortable. I can tell Dean no, Jack doesn’t need to come. Dean just wants to go to the bar and bang a few skeezes without Jack being in the house,” Sam waves his hand flippantly like that explains his brother’s behavior and goes to pick up another book reading the back of it. “What about hydrangeas?”
He pistons into Dean. The sounds of their flesh coming together along with their harsh breaths is the only noise in the room. It's deafening and perfect. Tears roll unbidden down Dean’s temples, his mouth open in a silent moan of ecstasy as his prostate is hit with every powerful thrust. When he comes untouched, it’s violent and it rips through him like a monsoon. With that his conscious thought washes away into perfect darkness.
Shuttering his eyes closed, he lets himself drift. The ring of his tablet and phone simultaneously means that Dean is video calling him. He answers on his iPad, setting it up on the nightstand.
Castiel also finds joy in eating home-made chips and the buzz from the bees. He finds joy in Sam’s happy expression whenever he calls his brother or when Castiel does something unexpectedly normal. He likes Garth, the strange Beta’s quirkiness has grown on him and now he looks forward to his appointments. He likes Jack’s competitive spirit while playing online board games. Castiel will even go so far and say he finds joy in pleasing Dean, hundreds of miles away… though he doesn’t examine that too closely.
“I’m glad that’s settled. What do you normally order here?” Castiel asks, taking a sip of the soda Missouri dropped off after Dean was reduced to bisyllabic words.
“I can hang up from the police now, right Sam?” A younger voice asks, though Castiel can’t see him because his face is squished into Sam’s chest.
“I’m gonna order pizza,” Sam sighs, taking the bags from Castiel, “I’m wiped. I don’t feel like cooking.”
“Easy, relax, sweetheart,” Castiel instructs and Dean lets the bar go a little. Watching Castiel undress slowly, fold his clothes and place them in a neat pile next to his, has Dean feeling a mixture of exasperation and pure desire.
“I have a key,” Cas reminds Dean, with a slight roll to his eyes. Dean frowns but is mesmerized by Cas’ hands buttoning up his shirt, golden skin, and wispy chest hairs disappearing.
Dean chuckles and Castiel knows that the other Alpha, down to the root of him, just wants to see them both. There is no irritation or bad blood between them. He doesn’t blame Dean, being so far away must take his toll.
“Your thoughts are very loud,” Castiel teases, brow raises, hips flexing and moving against Dean’s. The lines of his arms stretched above his head are so delicious in their display and Dean drops a kiss to each bicep. Trailing his fingers over the fine hair across each pectoral, then further south, to the line of hair down his stomach. Grabbing the bottle, he squirts it into his hand and gathers them both up, his angel moaning and uttering
They press close together, Dean taking his time. Cas is overwhelmingly warm and wet but Dean’s only intention is to wring more soft praise from Castiel’s lips. To bring this attractive celestial laid out before him to the height of pleasure. To please him, to worship him, as he has worshiped Dean.
Dean practically jumps out of his skin when he feels the warm swipe of tongue. Letting out low cries that are both curses and praise.
“Ride me, please,” Dean chokes out, closing his eyes against the tight sensations. Warm, wet, gripping him and molding around his cock… it’s almost too much.
, is heady. Arousal rolls sluggishly around in Dean’s gut, coming alive from the secret fantasies he’s buried so deep within him that this creature has awoken.
Dean exasperates, as they walk towards the cafe. Dodging the early church attendees dressed in their finery.
Guiding one of Dean’s hands to his ass, Cas talks Dean through the entire thing. He’s eager and encouraging. Switching to his hands and knees while Dean preps him, Dean stretches and fills Cas one finger at a time. Adulation falls from Castiel’s lips, telling Dean he’s doing such a phenomenal job, that it feels heavenly, that Dean is the best who has ever touched him, and that his thick fingers are divine. By the time Cas is ready to be filled, Dean can barely think, he’s so drunk on praise.
With a perfunctory nod from Cas, Charlie motions to the film crew to start. They laugh and heckle Gabe, singing along and splashing water at each other. At one point, Cas throws an arm around Dean, making Dean shiver with pleasure that he’s quick to blame on the chilly water.
Dean listens, he listens to the sounds of his parents’ feet walk around their room and the creak of their old bed. He can hear the deep timbre of his father’s voice through the floor, though he can’t make out his words. Dean can’t hear his mother’s soft voice, but his parents talk for a little and then fall silent.
Cas and Gabe bicker some more, but Dean is frozen… staring at this phone. After weeks of not hearing from his Mom… he gets a message like this? Is it a good thing she wants to see him? But she wants them to stay with Pop and MeeMaw?
Any who, enough about me, last chapter was introducing Castiel into Sam's care written in Castiel-centered POV. He was incredibly bitter and angry. This chapter is Sam-centered POV.
“I heard about your honey,” Dean clears his throat and awkwardly gestures with the cup towards the little glass jars. The tension between the two of them is thick and feels distinctly sexual. Dean practically buzzes from it, drunk on the knowledge that this dark Apollo’s eyes have rested on his lips. Biting them, abusing them to a bright fruit punch pink color that Dean knows is tantalizing. Teasing, Dean wets them, eyes hooded, giving the intense man as good as he’s got.
“I know, man, I can’t stay,” Dean explains. Sam’s eyes dart between Dean and their mother, and Dean can see when realization finally clicks into place.
“Sure, bud,” Dean replies. He’s not returning the shirt. It’s going with him into his bed so he can soak up the smell until it fades. He’ll deal with the pining sickness later. Will he pine? He doesn’t exactly know. Castiel isn’t here, he’s not forming a scent bond… this is just intense and desperate longing.
They are powering through a lot of these skits today, Charlie was a firefighter. Gabe was a doctor. All cute scenes with adorable silly guesses that will make children laugh. But his mouth dries when he sees Cas don a cowboy hat. Charlie clasps her hands and does a perky little jump, handing him a leather vest and chaps. The costume designer’s eyes get big and round, Dean knows that Hannah has the biggest crush on Castiel. It’s the way she watches him with hungry eyes, her hands always grabby and her tone flirty. Dean sees her dart around the corner to pull out cowboy boots, jeans, and a flannel that Dean recognizes as one of his. It’s his soft yellow and red plaid, one of his favorites.
Jack nods and sighs, “Yeah, it was easier and harder when Uncle Sam was home. Easier, because Dad wasn’t alone in everything, but harder because Sam and Grandpa John fight all the time. Constant bickering and yelling, they can’t even agree that the sky is blue. Then it’s always Dad who has to play the mediator. So I don’t know what’s worse, Sam back with us or Dad being all alone.”
“Given the nature of our situation, I feel that it’s vital to communicate our expectations, our wants, and our needs,” Castiel says, his voice rough with simmering emotion.
Melting him to his core, Dean is languid in the other man’s embrace, being pushed and pulled like a complacent lover. He’s always wanted this, to be kissed, to be caressed, to be cared for more than a quick fuck.
Dean regales his namesake with life on the road, working in the studio, and hanging out with Cas. He tells both of his grandma’s about the amazing farmer’s markets, the meals the two of them make, and the outings they do. Dean tells them about the yoga and the veggie drinks Cas makes him drink. Dean even describes the one weekend they went to the Atlanta Aquarium and got swarmed by kids and parents alike. He talks about Charlie and Gabe too, their names sometimes appearing in the stories… but mostly… he talks about Cas.
Castiel’s hands are steady on Dean and place soft sweet kisses against his temple and face. Dean half-heartedly watches the show, more interested in the man behind him and the nuzzling of his lips and nose. There is so much affection in every touch. He feels cherished.
“Relax,” Castiel murmurs, thumb pressing against Dean’s jaw. Dean melts under his command, relaxing. “Such a good boy,” Castiel whispers, both hands anchoring in Dean’s hair guiding the tempo, fucking Dean’s mouth. With the water against them, Castiel shields Dean from the spray with his body, eyes never wavering from Dean’s own. The shower pelts Cas’ body, the spray hitting those wings, cooling, and misting onto Dean. Overheated, it feels good to be on his knees in the cool tub, the only warmth is where he’s connected to Cas. His heavy cock in his mouth, his hands in Dean’s hair, the sharp waist under Dean’s hands.
Cas helps Dean step out of the mariachi boots and pants. His hands palm Dean’s buttocks, meanwhile his lips wet Dean’s boxer briefs with open kisses against his straining erection. Looking up at Dean, Cas’ eyes are swallowed up by his blown pupil, the halo of blue practically glows.
Castiel hums, “Alright then, maybe we should do stretches before we start anything? What do you think, Gabe?”
“So pretty,” Castiel comments and Dean can hear the clank of a belt being undone and the zipping of the leather through the belt loops. A low moan unfurls in his chest and his muscles strain against his bindings, searching, wanting for what is to come. He holds tight to the marble, fingernails almost cutting into his palms.
“Good,” Castiel nods and gets up from the bed, though his eyes look a tad bit uncertain. He goes into Dean’s dresser and pulls out some activewear. “How do you feel about some yoga this morning before you eat something heavy, then head into work?”
Cas sinks into his lap, Dean’s arousal pressing against the dancer’s tight ass. Letting out another little sigh of pleasure, Dean can’t help but rock his hips up against the tightly corded muscle. He feels the other man’s erection press into his stomach, heady, sharp arousal alights in his blood. Tilting up his head, Dean kisses everywhere he can reach. Wet open-mouthed kisses, Castiel lets him, eyes shut and breathing deeply.
“Of course, friend,” Garth smiles easily and nods. Grabbing his writing pad, he gestures for Castiel to lead the way to the backyard.
So, upon receiving a polite fake-knock on his curtain, Dean really doesn’t expect the goof that is whispering
” Dean commands, and Sam switches the call. His fingers only have a slight tremor.  When the screen fills with his brother’s face, he can tell by his pinched stony expression that he’s scared just like Sam.
“Nope, not really. It’s what Dean would do if he was here right now and sometimes… I just gotta follow his example. All my life, he’s always solved negative feelings with food. I think he gets it honest though. First with our mom and then Karen, Bobby’s wife before she passed, she’d make pie whenever one of us was upset,” Sam laughs sadly.
“Your Daddy, bless him, was changed after the war like many men are,” Henry comments letting out a long burp looking up at the cloudy sky and then towards the house, “And I was absent for the majority of his childhood. Chasing the highs of academia, it’s one of my biggest regrets… and when he met your mother… he spent a lot of time with Samuel, by then… I didn’t have much of a foothold in his life until your boys came along.”
Tonight, Dean presses closer into Dream Cas, leaning into him the way he never would in reality. Touching him at the nape of his neck, the shell of his ear, the gentle swell of his lips. With his fingertips, Dean outlines the curve of his eyebrows and the lines around his eyes. The lines are relatively new, his angel has been aging before his eyes but Dean chose never to see it. To Dean, Castiel was always eternal, a constant in his life.
and Dean is saying his goodbyes and hanging up the phone.  Sam holds the phone against his ear, holding it wedged between his ear and shoulder until he can dry his hands.
“Under no circumstances will you let go of this post,” he commands and Dean shivers, nodding eagerly, “Do you need to be gagged again? Or are you going to be my good boy and be quiet?”
“Rightfully so,” Sam answers with a chuckle, looking off at Dean and Cas. The two of them are laughing and smiling about something, their heads scant inches from each other. With his heteronormative lenses taken off, he can finally see their relationship for what it is. It’s messy, sometimes rude, but ultimately it’s loving.
Mary’s face crumples, tears silently tracking down her face, but her arms remain tightly folded across her chest. She looks smaller than her five feet eight inches.
“You know you’ll feel better if you look better,” Sam murmurs, long sweeps of brushes through Castiel’s hair. It’s methodical and soothing, sometimes Castiel choses to not brush his hair so Sam does this for him.
“Sammy, stop,” Dean hisses through his teeth, even though he delights in the look of cognitive dissonance on Samuel Campbell’s face. He loves his grandfather because he’s his grandfather, but he does not like Samuel Campbell or enjoy his company. He is the harsh grandfather, always telling Dean to suck it up and be a man.
Swallowing the candy bar practically whole, Dean chokes out a “No!” Feeling alarmed that he has been coming across that way. He doesn’t want Castiel to think he hates him. If anything, Dean has a bad case of self-deprecation going on.
He was wrong. Even with the new burning anger fueling Castiel after seeing his half-sister in court, he still fell asleep in Sam’s office. A heavy California law book in lap, his head leaning against the old wingback chair. Soft deep inhales and exhales, a soundtrack to Sam’s working. Feeling defeated, he snaps a photo and sends it to Dean. A quick message underneath,
